

Hearing the voices of discussion behind him, Qin Hao understood.

"It turned out to be a member of the Poison Dragon Gang!"

"If that's the case, then I'll help them for free, let them die neatly, so that they don't have the energy to come and continue to disturb me."

Walking inside Jiayuan City, Qin Hao waved his hand to stop a carriage specially for soliciting passengers.

"Go to the best restaurant in the city."

"Okay, guest officer." The coachman flicked the horse's reins skillfully, drove the carriage and started on the road, heading towards Xiangjia Restaurant, the most prosperous Nancheng District in Jiayuan City.



After half an hour.

The carriage stopped near the Xiangjia Restaurant, and the coachman turned around and greeted from inside the carriage.

"Guest officer, the Xiangjia Restaurant is here."

"En!" Qin Hao stepped out of the carriage, took out a tael of silver, and threw it to the driver.

The coachman caught the silver, stuffed it into his mouth and bit it lightly to confirm that it was genuine, then hurriedly took out dozens of copper plates from his body.

Give it to Qin Hao as change.

"Guest officer, please!"

Qin Hao took the copper plate casually and got out of the carriage.

Turning his head inadvertently, he accidentally saw a luxury mansion on the opposite side of the street, with the word "Mofu" written on the door plaque.

On both sides of the gate, there were eight strong men in black with big arms and round waists.

"Mo House? Such a coincidence?"

After looking casually for a few times, Qin Hao withdrew his gaze.

Instead, continue walking towards the interior of the Xiangjia Restaurant.

"Guest officer, please come in!"

As soon as he entered it, he saw a young man in a gray mandarin jacket greet him with a smile, and asked him respectfully: "I wonder if the guest is eating alone? Or is it a box reservation?"

"Alone, come to a quieter private room." Qin Hao responded casually, glanced around, and saw that the business inside the Xiangjia Restaurant was quite prosperous.

People who came to dine and drink almost filled the seats on this floor.

"Guest officer, please follow me." The waiter in the shop bent over Qin Hao for instructions, and then led him up to the third floor, where he sat in a cubicle near the window.

"I don't know what food and drinks the guest officer wants?"

"There's no need for wine, here's a pot of good tea. Besides, I'll serve you all the special dishes here." Qin Hao simply ordered.

Seeing that the waiter was about to leave, he called him to stop again.

Ask about things.

"Recently, is there a boat going to Guanggui City in the south?"

"The guest officer is a foreigner, right?" The waiter smiled and began to explain to Qin Hao, saying: "The water transportation in the whole city is controlled by the Canghe Boat Gang."

"As for the specific ship matters, it is generally decided by the Canghe Ship Gang."

"That's it..." Qin Hao thought for a while, and asked the waiter again: "Do you know where the headquarters of the Poisonous Dragon Gang is located?"

Hearing this, the waiter in the shop suddenly became hesitant.

It seems that he is not willing to deal with people in the rivers and lakes.

Seeing this, Qin Hao casually took out a tael of silver, put it on the table, and said, "You just need to tell me where the place is, and the silver is yours."

Looking at the silver on the table, the waiter's expression changed, and then he began to tell Qin Hao in a low voice.

"The headquarters of the Poisonous Dragon Gang is in the city..."

After finishing speaking, he took the money and bid farewell to Qin Hao.

It didn't take long.

Dish after dish of good food was served by waiters from other shops one after another, and placed in front of Qin Hao.

While eating, he carefully recalled the relevant memories.

"If I remember correctly, each Tainan small meeting does not last long, at most ten days or so. And it took me more than seven months to rush from Qixuanmen to Jiayuan City."

"It is necessary to start as soon as possible, so as not to accidentally miss the opening time."



Eat quickly and have a full meal.

Qin Hao bought a new batch of dry food and water inside the Xiangjia Restaurant, packed them well, paid the bill, and left here without hesitation.

According to the location of the general resident of the Dulong Gang found out from Xiaoer Dian.

He summoned another carriage and rushed towards it. When he arrived at the place, he left for a short while to investigate and observe secretly.

Quietly poisoned the interior of the high-level special kitchen of the Dulong Gang.

Then he quietly left the headquarters of the Poisonous Dragon Gang, boarded the carriage, and rushed towards the wharf near the Xianglu Grand Canal.



Been driving for more than an hour.

The carriage took Qin Hao to the wharf of the Xianglu Grand Canal. After paying the money, he got out of the carriage.

Looking at the big ships and small boats coming and going, the coolies carrying goods, etc., there is a scene of busy freight everywhere, which feels like the hustle and bustle of the world.

Standing where he was, Qin Hao waited and watched for a while.

Only then did he set off to one of the passenger merchant ships soliciting passengers, and after discussing with the person in charge, he learned that it was a ship that carried passengers back and forth between the south of the Xianglu Grand Canal and Jiayuan City.

After spending five taels of silver, Qin Hao bought a boat ticket to Guanggui City.

Then board the boat and wait patiently in the room.

More than half an hour later, the passenger merchant ship started to set off, swimming steadily towards the south along the Xianglu Grand Canal.



After wandering on the Xianglu Grand Canal for more than half a month, Qin Hao came to the pier outside Guanggui City.

After getting off the boat, he only felt tired for a while.

"Starting from Qixuan Gate of Jingzhou, it took almost eight months to come to the vicinity of Guanggui City in Lanzhou!"

"I just entered the second floor of the Qi training period, and it's really too weak to travel long distances."

"Fortunately, we are finally getting there."

Heaving a sigh of relief, Qin Hao pulled himself together and left here on his own.

He also has no plans to enter Guanggui City.

Because Tainan Mountain is not inside Guanggui City at all, but about forty miles west of Guanggui City. The entire mountain is more than 3,000 meters high and is shrouded in mountain fog all year round.

The Tainan Temple on the Tainan Mountain is quite famous in the surrounding area for offering incense and making wishes.

Even Jiayuan City has its own reputation.

Without much hesitation, Qin Hao resorted to Yufeng Jue, and went on a long journey again. With a light touch of his toes on the ground, his whole body seemed to be unaffected by gravity.

Quick and light, it flies forward quickly in the opposite direction of the force.

He is more chic and elegant than the light kung fu masters in the world of martial arts. This is the charm of basic spells, which are not on the same level as ordinary martial arts.

The long journey of forty miles passed by in a blink of an eye.

Arriving at the foot of Tainan Mountain, Qin Hao looked up at the high mountain with white mist, and felt a burst of excitement in his heart.

"Finally we're almost there!"

"This road is too difficult!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Hao calmed himself down.

There was no rush to rush to the venue of Tainan Xiaohui.

He turned around and came to the mortal village at the foot of Tainan Mountain, where he spent money to live temporarily. Then meditate silently and practice Qi, recovering the consumed mana little by little.


		