

Qin Hao didn't have to wait too long.

Soon, those mortals serving Master Jin Guang prepared today's sumptuous dinner, and a young mortal woman held the plate with both hands.

He walked steadily towards the room where Master Jin Guang was.

Walking to the door of the room, the woman stopped, and then called out in a very respectful voice.

"Master, the meal is ready."

"Bring it in." In the room, Master Jin Guang ordered, and at the same time, with a wave of his right hand, he took away all the gold and put it into the storage bag.

"Squeak...!"

The door of the room was gently opened, and the woman walked in with food.

Place them one by one on the table in the room.

"Okay, back down."

Venerable Jin Guang spoke proudly.

Then pick up a pair of chopsticks and start enjoying today's meal.

Eating in his lair, he seemed very relaxed. He never thought that someone would secretly poison him in his lair.

Far less vigilant and careful when eating outside.

In a short while, Venerable Jin Guang ate most of the food, when he was about to stretch out his chopsticks to take another bite of fried meat.

Suddenly, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his stomach.

He couldn't even hold the chopsticks in his hand because of the pain.

"not good!"

"something wrong!"

At this moment, the window of this room suddenly shattered.

Venerable Jin Guang hastily took out the Vajra Talisman, and when he was about to recite the incantations of the Talisman in a low voice, a gloomy sword light flashed across and cut his throat.

"You cuckoo...?!"

He subconsciously opened his mouth, but his voice was blocked by blood.

Holding his neck with both hands, his eyes widened, and he was extremely unwilling to see the strange young man rushing in from the window suddenly.

Full of fear of death and desire to survive.

Before his body fell to the ground, Qin Hao swung the sharp sword in his hand again, beheading Master Jin Guang with a single blow, and the huge bloody head flew into the air.

In front of him was a small black fireball covering his face.

"boom……!"

In an instant, Master Jin Guang's head was directly burned into ashes out of thin air.

Only a fresh, headless corpse was left in place.

"Baby, I'm coming!" Qin Hao put down the sharp sword in his hand, rubbed his hands, and began to search for the storage bag on the body of Master Jin Guang.

Soon, a storage bag was pulled from his waist.

But when his right hand touched Venerable Jin Guang's chest, he unexpectedly felt some familiar sensations. He took it out and found that it was the second storage bag.

Qin Hao's eyes suddenly changed.

"Um?!"

"There are actually two storage bags on my body!"

"Then, is there a third or fourth storage bag hidden in the body of Master Jinguang, or even inside the Golden Light Temple?"

Thinking of this possibility, Qin Hao started to move his hands together.

Soon Venerable Jin Guang was completely stripped naked.

He didn't even spare his underpants and shoes, but this time, he didn't find a possible third storage bag.

"Is it possible to be inside this Jinguang Temple?"

Qin Hao took the two storage bags, stood up, and began to search in a large area with his spiritual sense.

Looking for the past one room after another, not letting go of any hidden corners. Even on the beams and under the floor tiles, they searched carefully.

"Master, Master?"

Suddenly, a servant who heard the noise came over cautiously.

Qin Hao raised the sharp sword in his hand and wiped it on his neck. After a while, he was the only living person left in the entire Jinguang Temple.

Do a careful search.

In the end, he actually found a third hidden storage bag inside the armrest of the wooden bed in Master Jin Guang's bedroom.

"Really?!" Qin Hao sat on a chair, looked at the three storage bags in front of him, and felt many surprises.

Grab one of these storage bags on hand.

He habitually probed into it with his spiritual sense, but unexpectedly found that his spiritual sense could not penetrate it.

"Is divine sense useless?"

Think carefully about the different types of storage bags in this world.

Useful storage bag for spiritual use.

There are also storage bags for mana use.

There is also that kind of storage bag that cannot be used with consciousness and mana, and can only be grasped directly by reaching in with your hands.

Qin Hao thought deeply.

He switched to his own mana again, and tried to penetrate into the storage bag.

This time, it was very easy to sink into it, and felt that it was full of things with mana.

"Shua...!"

Mana took out the items, and the wooden table in front of him was instantly filled with gold.

Gold bars, gold bricks, gold ingots, gold statues, gold leaves,….

All are gold.

There is no longer anything but gold.

"A storage bag full of gold, boy!"

"As expected, he is the Master of Golden Light who loves gold very much."

Opening the first storage bag, there are all such things in it, except for gold, which is still gold.

Qin Hao was immediately disappointed.

"I'm a cultivator, what's the use of asking for so much gold?"

With a flick of his hand, Mana rolled up all the gold and put it all back into the storage bag.

Just toss it aside.

Qin Hao picked up the second storage bag, opened it again with mana, and took out all the things.

"Clatter...!"

Suddenly, many things appeared on the desktop again.

There are five primary and intermediate talisman talismans he is familiar with, one flying sword talisman with a flying sword on the surface, and one Huangfeng Valley's Ascension Token.

This is something Qin Hao is familiar with.

In addition, there are one hundred and seventy-seven colorful low-grade spirit stones, thirty-three elementary-level fireball talismans, forty-one elementary-level ice cone talismans, ..., elementary-intermediate talismans There are eleven pieces of Fire Blade Talismans, and three elementary and high-level Water Escape Talismans.

There are also metallic broadsword-like mid-level instruments and a set of needle-shaped metallic top-level instruments.

As well as a pile of bottles and jars containing various medicines such as antidote and healing medicine, a complete set of thirteen-level metallic immortal cultivation methods called "Jinxuan Gong", a book of "common five-element talisman spells and spells" ", a "Encyclopedia of Basic Metallic Spells", two Tianleizi, and the Qin family tree.

"There are so many good things?!" Looking at the things on the table, Qin Hao was shocked in his heart: "As expected of Master Jin Guang who is known as the Master of Giving Treasures!"

"I don't know what's inside the third deliberately hidden storage bag?"

With some expectation in his heart, he once again injected mana into the storage bag.

But this time, it was completely invalidated.

"Different from the previous storage bag type?"

Sensing the movement in his hand, Qin Hao thought for a while, then switched to divine consciousness, and tried to probe into the storage bag.

In an instant, it was easy to sink into it and saw the items inside.

"This storage bag was definitely not taken away by Venerable Jin Guang!"


		