

Almost at the same moment when Qin Hao started to practice on his own initiative.

Under the reflection of the hazy and blazing extraordinary sun vision, all kinds of demons sprung up out of thin air like mushrooms after rain.

Men, women, young and old, insects, fish, birds and animals.

As if it were a real living thing.

The inner demon, in him, a cultivator with five elements and spiritual roots, has completely become a substantive special existence, as if he has his own independent life and independent consciousness.

More inclined to the demon.

It is completely different from the inner demons of other spiritual root cultivators, and has real power.

"Collect, combine, refine!"

Qin Hao is extremely calm and skilled in harvesting the newly born demons with secret methods.

Don't give it a chance to grow and become stronger at all.

Let these inner demons all be turned into special refining auxiliary raw materials, which are continuously added to the corpse dog soul for the preliminary refining and beating of the original weapon.



Time flies, and the years fly by.

Before I knew it, a month passed quickly.

Through continuous practice of "Thoughts on the True Form of the Great Sun", part of the original spirit of the dead dog was cut off, and finally healed completely.

During this training process.

A steady stream of demons were born, all of which became the nourishment for the first primitive species.

Let him successfully refine it into shape.

Inside the Sea of ​​Consciousness, Qin Hao's Yuanshen villain sits cross-legged in the center, with hazy black and white flames and mysterious five-color lines on his body surface.

It is like a supreme god sitting here.

The original instrument that was sacrificed and formed was reddish red.

Like a planet, it revolves around the villain of Yuanshen, rotating slowly and endlessly.

It also seems to be a heavenly demon in the state of gestation, slightly expanding and contracting, with an inexplicable mysterious rhythm, possessing extremely obvious life characteristics.

At the same time, it has various characteristics of a device.

"The first primitive corpse dog species has been sacrificed and formed."

"It's like a rather strange seed of the Xuantian Immortal Vine. As long as it is rooted in the soil suitable for growth, it will be able to take root, germinate, blossom and bear fruit."

"Naturally, a primordial spirit companion with a foundation of laws is formed."

Carefully recall the various special secret methods attached to the "Seven Emotions Demon Sutra".

Qin Hao knew in his heart that this furnace life individual used to nourish and nourish the primitive species must first be a practitioner, so that he has enough life background to support the rooting and growth of the primitive species.

Ordinary mortal life individuals simply cannot bear the existence of primitive species.

besides.

It is not that any practitioner can be used as a furnace for primitive utensils.

Only practitioners who resonate with the essence of the original instrument can serve as the breeding furnace. Just like the seeds of plants, they need to be rooted in the soil suitable for their own growth.

If the soil environment does not meet the conditions, the seeds will not take root, germinate and grow.

Another secret method of implanting and transferring the original species needs to be carried out in a way of reconciling yin and yang. The most direct way is to use the transfer secret method in the state of dual cultivation.

The same can be done at the level of the primordial spirit.

And he himself is a man, so the eligible Life Furnace must at least be a woman.

Of course, a two-way plug like Old Demon Yunlu can also be used normally in secret law theory. But Qin Hao couldn't pass the test in his heart, and couldn't make a move.

But if the practitioner itself is a woman.

Then the Life Furnace Cauldron who accepts the transfer and implantation secret method must be at least a man.

Practitioners should take the initiative to intercourse with different male dual cultivators. During this process, they should use relevant secret methods to transfer and implant the original instruments that have been sacrificed.

"If you want to find a suitable life furnace, go to a place with a lot of people, the chances of finding it are higher."

"And I've been waiting for more than a month in this place, and I haven't waited for anyone from the Murong family to show up. Could it be that the strongest member of their family is weaker than the result of my reasoning?"

The current situation has made Qin Hao not interested in waiting any longer.

He has more important things to do.

Then he decisively packed up his things and got up to leave the place. While on the road, he was distracted by self-study of the more esoteric system of ancient prose, in order to prepare for the basics of reading and understanding the cultivation methods.

If you can't even understand the content of the exercises, how can you talk about practicing.



Unconsciously.

Another month passed quickly.

Jingzhou, inside the Bauhinia City, in a room of a certain high-end inn.

Through in-depth research and study of ancient Chinese, and learning the hidden meanings of many professional terms, Qin Hao finally understood the content of the tenth level of the "Burning Flame Hell God Art".

And began to directly break through the tenth floor of the Qi training period.

At this moment, he was sitting quietly cross-legged on a wooden bed, with a defensive array around him, which played a certain role in protection.

And beside him, there are thousands of low-grade spirit stones piled up.

Artificially create a spiritual cultivation environment.

In Jingzhou, a remote place where the aura is poor, the aura itself is not enough. And the interior of the low-grade spirit stone is full of too many impurities.

The forced Qin Hao can only win by numbers, consuming more low-grade spirit stones to replenish.

"boom……!"

As time went by, Qin Hao's aura suddenly changed.

Then there was an invisible devouring attraction that spread from his body, covering all the low-grade spirit stones placed around his body.

"Chi Chi Chi...!"

Straws of spiritual energy were drawn out from the low-grade spirit stone.

It continuously merged into Qin Hao's body.

And because there are not a few impurities in low-grade spirit stones, he needs to be careful when refining it himself, and he can't get impatient.

After about a cup of tea time.

The low-grade spirit stones placed around the body in advance all changed color.

It looks more like an ordinary stone.

Qin Hao calmed down, opened his eyes again, looked at the scrapped low-grade spirit stones around him, and sighed helplessly in his heart.

"The cultivation environment here in Jingzhou is really terrible."

"The aura in the air is too thin, which obviously affects the normal performance of the Five Elements Immortal Root. If it wasn't for Caixia Mountain, I wouldn't be bothered to return to this barren place again."

Recalling the experience during this period, Qin Hao always felt that his luck seemed to have run out.

It's surprising that there is no trading place for Qi practitioners and immortals in Jingzhou.

"Forget it, since you can't find it here in Jingzhou, and you can't convert the spirit stone into a magic weapon, you can only leave this place early."

"It's better to go to Lanzhou and wait in advance."

Habitually, Qin Hao once again used the secret method of resonance in the "Seven Emotions Transformation Demon Sutra".

Investigate and search for a suitable corpse life furnace.

"Om...!"

Accompanied by the display of the resonance secret technique, the original device immediately emitted invisible fluctuations and ripples, sensing the resonance target.

Suddenly, Qin Hao made a new discovery.


		