

Realizing that a small part of his magic weapon set was quickly destroyed, the visitor suddenly became angry and heartbroken.

His complexion looked very gloomy.

It seemed that it was unbelievable that an immortal cultivator in the Qi training period could resist his own casual blow.

"The ninth floor of the mere Qi training period can actually destroy the top magic weapon of this seat?!"

"Ant, you managed to get my attention!"

An angry and gloomy sneer appeared on her face, she immediately turned around and swooped down at top speed.

Personally chase and kill the young figure who is fleeing here quickly.

"In front of me, do you dare to try to escape?"

"Hurry up and get caught!"

Gesture changes, mana mobilization.

The remaining eleven red thin needles immediately turned around and shot towards Qin Hao.

It hasn't really come close yet.

Qin Hao's natural reaction from crisis vigilance made Qin Hao's hair stand on end.

Somewhere, he instinctively knew that if he was really hit by it, he might not escape death. There are huge qualitative changes between the cultivators of the foundation building period and the cultivators of the qi training period, whether it is mana or primordial spirit.

At this moment, I realized that the crisis behind me was coming quickly.

Without hesitation, Qin Hao took out a stack of rudimentary fireball and ice cone talismans from the storage bag, activated them with mana, and threw them all back with a shaking hand.

at the same time.

He had already quietly hidden a Tianleizi inside these rudimentary talismans.

"Little ants, dare to defy the sky?"

A talisman of a mere elementary level, the delicate woman didn't take it into her heart at all.

Wave your hand to mobilize the magic weapon to destroy and resist.

"boom……!"

In an instant, there was a deafening terrorist explosion and muffled thunder.

Accompanied by a burst of dazzling thunder, dense lightning exploded in all directions, covering all the red fine needle instruments.

Destroy it all.

"puff……!"

Backlashed by the damage of the magic weapon, the delicate woman couldn't help spitting out a mouthful of bright red blood immediately, the magic power in her body was disordered, and she almost fell from the sky.

This made her eyes extremely cold.

"you wanna die!"

Suddenly, she saw the other party take out a wooden box with talismans on it.

A trace of doubt instinctively flashed in my heart.

Then I saw that the other party tore off the talisman without hesitation, opened the box, and revealed a strange talisman with a small sword-like brand inside.

"What kind of talisman is that?"

I was subconsciously puzzled in my mind.

The next moment, she suddenly reacted.

"Could it be a talisman?!"

Guessing this possibility, she was first instinctively startled, and then her face showed surprise.

Because she knew that during the qi training period, the immortal cultivator activated the talisman very slowly, and the activation time alone was enough for her to kill the opponent.

Then he snatched Fu Baoqiang.

"I didn't expect you to have a talisman, so please present it to me!"

"Hahahahaha...!"

She quickly took out the spare top-level magic weapon, the golden flood scissors.

At the same time, he adjusted the somewhat disordered mana in his body, and then hit the young boy without hesitation.

"If you want a talisman, it depends on whether you have the ability." Qin Hao chanted the spell very quickly, and cooperated with gestures to use the repellent technique.

To control and control that flying sword talisman.

And in addition, he simultaneously used the ability to control the elements to mobilize the surrounding aura of heaven and earth, gather and infuse it into the flying sword talisman.

Speed ​​up and reduce the preparation time required to activate the talisman, and increase the power.

"Shua...!"

The aura of heaven and earth gathered quickly, and the flying sword talisman suddenly turned into a gray sword shadow more than four feet long.

Then under Qin Hao's control, the gray sword shadow hovered above his head, and then flew towards the golden dragon scissors at top speed, splitting it in two in the air.

The gray sword shadow continued unabated, and shot at that strange immortal cultivator in the foundation establishment period again.

"This is impossible……!"

Before the delicate woman had time to dodge, she was pierced by the gray sword shadow through her towering chest.

Make a blood hole that is transparent from front to back.

"You...how could...so fast...?!"

Before he could finish a sentence, the dead body fell down from mid-air.

Suddenly, a small green ball of light struggled and flew out of her head, and then rushed towards Qin Hao's eyebrows with lightning speed.

"If you ruin my body, use yours to make up for it!"

"If you want to take me away, is it up to you?"

With a calm expression, Qin Hao decisively changed his manipulation gestures.

The gray sword shadow turned its direction synchronously and shot at the opponent's primordial spirit again.

"Shua...!"

The shadow of the sword flashed, and Yuanshen was split open and destroyed on the spot.

Immediately, it hovered in the air, and finally returned to the inside of the box, turning into a talisman with traces of a small sword on it.

But it can be clearly seen that the luster on the talisman has dimmed a lot.

Not as bright as before.

"Killing an immortal cultivator at the foundation establishment stage really consumes a lot of money." Qin Hao picked up the talisman and looked at it, and secretly guessed in his heart: "I'm afraid it won't be used a few times."

Put these things away again.

He turned back quickly, came near the opponent's body, and skillfully searched out the storage bag, and fished out the leaf-shaped flying magic weapon.

The fireball burns, destroying corpses and eradicating traces.

"I finally have a flying magic weapon!"

"I hope the value of the items inside the storage bag can offset the consumption of those items I just had, otherwise it will be a big loss."

Forget about checking the contents of the storage bag.

Qin Hao sneaked back into the Qixuanmen again, searched for all the things left by those immortal cultivators who had just been killed during the Qi training period, and then escaped into the woods without hesitation.

After hiding his traces.

He quietly sprinted towards the bottom of Sunset Peak skillfully again, preparing to perform another harvesting technique before leaving to see what he could get out.

"Since even the cultivators of the Foundation Establishment Stage have been attracted, we can't stay here now."

"I have to take the opportunity to run away quickly and stay away from Caixia Mountain for the time being, lest I really attract some big guy and lose my life in it."

With familiarity and familiarity, Qin Hao silently entered the interior of Sunset Peak again, and appeared near the cave of Tianfeng True Spirit, which is unknown to ordinary people.

Sweeping over with his divine sense, he determined the location in the darkness.

Then he raised his left hand, pressed it again on the rock wall that looked like a petrified phoenix feather, and decisively launched the harvesting technique to complete the cooling.

At the same time, the collection target of the collection technique was locked on this Tianfeng True Spirit Cave.

"Shua...!"

Brilliant orange light gushed out from his left hand.

Rapidly submerged into the fossil rock wall.

At the same time, in Qin Hao's personal interface, a virtual collection progress bar appeared out of thin air, and was slowly sliding towards the full bar at a steady and slow speed.

After a long time.

The familiar sense of tightness and containment resurfaced again.

Qin Hao raised his left hand, and the bright orange light rolled back and turned into a small orange light ball in the palm of his hand.


		