

The spiritual consciousness looks inside the body and breaks through calmly.

Everything is so natural.

In Qin Hao's own primordial spirit induction, the power that should have promoted his own three souls and seven souls to transform into primordial spirits and give birth to divine consciousness has changed.

His three souls and seven souls have already transformed into primordial spirits.

At this moment, when that special nourishing power spreads to his own sea of ​​consciousness, it spontaneously merges into the interior of his primordial spirit, nourishing and strengthening the foundation of his primordial spirit.

And then promote its natural change.

Let his primordial spirit be completely reshaped and transformed into a miniature villain.

The physical appearance is exactly the same as the physical body outside.

"boom……!"

Consciousness sea primordial spirit transformed into form, and the power of divine consciousness increased again.

The strength of the spiritual consciousness quickly increased to be comparable to the strength of the seventh-level Dacheng stage of the Qi training period, and the spiritual consciousness was no longer an invisible and intangible existence in the sea of ​​consciousness.

Instead, it turned into a cloud of colorful flames, lingering and gathering around his primordial spirit.

The primordial spirit set off is like a supreme god in flames.

The fire-attribute mana in the lower dantian within the body also skyrocketed by a large amount. Both the upper limit of mana and the purity of mana have been improved.

Inside the dantian, the clouds are steaming and foggy, hazy.

The denser mist-like fire-attribute mana made the Inextinguishable Phoenix Immortal Fire Seed in the center a lot more hazy and blurred, making it hard to see clearly.

It was like a scorching sun whose glare was blocked by thick clouds and mist.

"Fourth floor of Qi training period, finally broke through!" Feeling his own state, Qin Hao felt very satisfied in his heart, and thought to himself: "Even if it is the spiritual root of that day, it is far behind my cultivation speed."

"The increase in special physique is really outstanding."

With a slight movement of his mind, he opened the personal attribute interface and watched it.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Roots: Water, Fire, Wood

Current age: eleven

Maximum life expectancy: 139

The Realm of Cultivation: Four Levels of Qi Training

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary talent: Immortal Phoenix Flame, Crisis Alertness

Extraordinary Physique: Fire Spirit Body

Spells and supernatural powers: Fire Bomb, Wind Control, Sky Eye, Concentration Talisman, Object Control

Basic skills: Scouting (cooling time - one hour), collection (cooling time - three months)

"Cultivation has broken through, and the upper limit of lifespan has increased a little bit." Qin Hao read it carefully, feeling very satisfied.

I noticed that the fluorescence on the "collection technique" lit up again.

He knew that the three-month cooling time had passed again, and the harvesting technique could continue to be used.

"Use it early and cool it down early, anyway, it's still far away from Caixia Mountain."

"But what should I try to collect this time?"

Qin Hao turned his head and looked at the surrounding mountains, rivers, plants and trees, they were all ordinary things.

Judging from the previous collection experience, when collecting these things, there is a high probability that they will randomly collect things that are of no use to them.

But it is not absolutely impossible to collect any good things.

It's just that the probability of success is much lower than that of collecting extraordinary objects.

"Forget it, let's continue to shoot at the extraordinary sun."

"Let's see what will be randomly picked up this time."

Qin Hao raised his head and narrowed his eyes slightly.

Using the corner of his eye, he carefully observed the dim starlight in the sunny day, and after a careful search, he once again locked the light emitted by a new extraordinary big sun star.

Raise your right hand and spread your fingers apart.

Use your own fair skin to touch the light of the dim starlight.

At the same time, Qin Hao used the collecting technique again, placing the main target of the collection on the target he selected. In an instant, the dazzling orange light bloomed again.

At an inconceivably terrifying speed, it spread into that extraordinary starlight.

And shrouded it toward its source body, the extraordinary sun.

"Shua...!"

On the virtual interface in the field of vision, a collection progress bar appears simultaneously.

It's sliding toward full at a slow and steady pace.



After a long time.

The collection progress bar that appeared on the virtual interface reached the full state.

At the same moment, Qin Hao himself felt the familiar sense of tolerance again. With the five fingers of his right hand folded together, the gorgeous orange light that melted into the sun quickly retracted and rolled back.

Finally, in the palm of his right hand, a new small orange light ball was formed.

"I don't know what will be obtained in this random collection?"

Qin Hao looked down at the small orange light ball.

If you observe carefully, you can see a fiery white beard-shaped unknown object floating inside, a little white and dazzling. Just looking at it for a short while, he felt a little uncomfortable in his eyes.

Had to look away and stop staring at that thing.

"It's kind of dazzling, like staring at the sun!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Hao directly used the detection technique to identify him.

Anyway, he himself knew that he couldn't see what it was just based on the appearance. Soon, some brand new information content appeared on the virtual interface.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Root of Light

Level: fairy level

Remarks: Extraordinary things, extraordinary and free from vulgarity, with their own light attribute. Part of the mystery of the laws of heaven and earth

"This time... it turned out to be a fairy-level light spirit root?!" Qin Hao looked at the thing in his hand, and was extremely shocked in his heart, which was completely beyond his expectations.

Is this thing good?

It is definitely a real good thing, a fairy-level light root.

Such a different spirit root is far more than the so-called sky spirit root, which is like the difference between cloud and mud. The two are not on the same level at all.

But when Qin Hao looked at the items collected this time, he felt a helpless smile in his heart.

"Only the root of light, without the cultivation method of light attribute, it is still impossible to practice."

"Even if I use this thing to replace my current three spiritual roots with fairy-level light spiritual roots, it is tantamount to taking the initiative to temporarily cut off the path of cultivation."

"The "Burning Flame Hell God Art", which I obtained through hard work and adventure, is completely useless."

In order for the spiritual root to work, it is necessary to have a cultivation method with corresponding attributes. Otherwise, having spiritual roots means not having spiritual roots.

With their own first-hand experience results.

Qin Hao knew that if the thing in his hand was obtained by a mortal without any spiritual roots, it would be fused into his body.

Then this mortal will directly become a super genius with a fairy-level light root.

And things that can generate spiritual roots out of thin air, even in the spirit world, are extremely rare and precious treasures, and few people can get them.

Not to mention that it is not as good as the mortal world, one of the lower realms of the spirit world.

"Well, things are good things, but they are completely useless to me right now." Qin Hao secretly sighed in his heart, and thought to himself, "If I can get the light-attributed immortal cultivation technique in the future, that would be great."

"But if you can't get it..."


		