

The sky is clear and white clouds are long.

All kinds of birds spread their wings and soar in this vast and vast world. Accompanied by the swaying waves of the forest and sea in the mountains below, one after another.

More natural and harmonious rustic charm.

"Shua...!"

A figure quickly flew across the air and flew towards the edge of a pool.

During the descent, Qin Hao controlled Yufeng Jue, making himself as light as a feather, landing safely and effortlessly, and standing firmly not far from the water pool.

"Five Elements Immortal Root, the effect is too strong!"

"In the future, in addition to the magic powers of the fire attribute, maybe you can delve into the magic powers of other element attributes, so that the effect of the five-element fairy root can be better exerted."

Thinking about something in his heart, Qin Hao quickly peeled off the tattered beggar's clothes on his body.

Then he just drilled directly into the edge of the pool and washed himself in the shallow water area. He had no intention of entering the deep water area at all, so as to prevent some accidents for himself.

After a while, the color of the water in this living water pool became black and red.

With a faint weird smell.

After a quick wash, Qin Hao lightly jumped onto a clean boulder on the bank of the pool, took out a new set of black warrior uniform from the storage bag, and put it on.

The extremely soft waist-length hair was casually scattered on the back, with a touch of bohemianism.

The fair and smooth little face revealed the vigor and vigor that an eleven-year-old boy should have.

"There are still more than four years before the opening day of the next Tainan small meeting." Qin Hao recalled the relevant memories carefully, and thought to himself: "And one month after the end of the next Tainan small meeting, the distance from Tainan Mountain is not counted. The distant Tianwu Terrace is the Immortal Ascension Conference held every ten years."

"The realm of cultivation must be raised to at least the seventh level of the Qi training period in order to meet the minimum requirements for participating in the Tainan Xiaohui."

"Except for the time spent on the road, and calculate based on the remaining four years, it takes almost one year to upgrade one level of cultivation."

"There are middle-grade spirit stones to use as cultivation resources, and there are even stronger five-element fairy roots. In terms of actual cultivation speed, there is no need to worry. It must be far faster than before."

"The only key factor restricting the speed of cultivation is my own comprehension process of comprehending the content of the "Burning Flame Hell God Art"."

"If the understanding of the exercises is not deep enough, and you can't grasp the core of the scriptures, even the fairy roots will not be able to grow quickly. Then the focus in the future will be on comprehending the content of the exercises and practicing spells."

"After all, the cultivation of the seventh floor during the Qi training period is only the minimum requirement for participating in the Immortal Ascension Conference."

"And the important factor for becoming the final winner is the actual combat. I don't have a suitable magic weapon at hand, so spells are an important reliance."

After serious consideration, Qin Hao determined the direction of the main body of the next practice.

Immediately, he turned around and left this place, heading towards the retreat cave he opened in Caixia Mountain, preparing for the next Immortal Ascension Conference.

He wants to join the Yue Kingdom's sect of cultivating immortals.

The status and resources of casual cultivators are too low and too few after all.



Qixuanmen, Shenshou Valley.

Han Li, who had become a genius doctor of Han, stood on a high place, looking towards the direction of Sunset Peak, frowned, and fell silent for a while.

He also noticed the mysterious orange light vision from afar.

But the difference is.

The previous mysterious orange light phenomenon spread all over the Caixia Mountain.

But in the vision just now, there was only the sunset peak, the main peak of Qixuanmen. Of course, that is also the main peak of the entire Caixia Mountain Range.

"That orange light, what exactly is it?"

"Could it be that there really are some magical treasures here? But why can't I feel the slightest abnormal fluctuations in spiritual energy?"

With the continuous practice of "Changchun Gong", Han Li is becoming more and more intelligent now.

He quickly thought of many things.

"This kind of mysterious vision has been seen by too many people, and it is impossible to hide it."

"Once it spreads on a large scale, it is very likely that other cultivators will be attracted. At that time, if cultivators with stronger cultivation bases are attracted, or cultivators with cruel and vicious hearts, Qixuanmen will definitely suffer."

"If I continue to stay inside the Qixuanmen God's Hand Valley, there is no guarantee that the other party will not set their sights on me."

"I even suspect that I have obtained the mysterious treasure."

Thinking of this possibility, Han Li couldn't sit still.

Subconsciously, he wanted to run away from Qixuanmen immediately.

Fortunately, although I panicked in my heart, I didn't lose my calm. He knew that if he left Qixuanmen rashly, he would definitely be regarded as a traitor by Qixuanmen.

He himself is not afraid of being chased by Qixuanmen.

But his third uncle, as well as his parents, elder brother, older sister and younger sister, are bound to be hunted and killed by the Qixuanmen.

Han Li didn't want to bring disaster to his relatives because of his own reasons.

"Before you leave, you must deal with this matter."

"I need to meet the head of the sect, Wang Juechu, in private."

After thinking about it in his heart, Han Li turned around and jumped off the roof, and began to pack and tidy up the many high-year mortal herbs he cultivated in the Valley of Gods.

Even the corresponding medicinal herb seeds were collected in batches.

Including thousands of taels of silver left by Master Mo Juren, three suicide notes and letters, well-written medical experience and secret books of "Changchun Gong".

Let your pet Quhun carry all the heavy things.

He himself traveled lightly.

In the busy preparations of packing up things and getting ready to run away, the whole afternoon quickly passed by quietly.

The twilight and night gradually reappeared.

Han Li, who had changed into black clothes again, walked out of the God's Hand Valley with Qu Hun.

He already knew the patrol disciples on the mountain road outside, when and where to patrol, he had already figured it out.

At this moment, with Qu Hun, he walked out of the hinterland of Qixuanmen without a sound.

There was no rush to leave Qixuanmen immediately.

Han Li took out the soul-absorbing bell, and controlled Quhun to hide in a dark corner where no one was around. Then he turned around and left the place by himself, and walked to another road.

That direction is exactly the direction leading to the sunset peak, the main peak of Qixuanmen.



at the same time.

The interior of Qixuan Hall, the headquarters of Qixuanmen.

The current head of the sect, Wang Juechu, as well as Wu, Ma and other two deputy heads of the sect, as well as the hall masters and elders of each hall, all gathered here.

All the people are those who saw the appearance of the immortal that day.

"You mean, the immortal who appeared that day was actually Qin Hao, an inner disciple of my Qixuan Sect?!" Wang Juechu was extremely surprised when he heard the report from the hall.

"That's right!" Hall Master Yue nodded seriously, and explained: "At that time, this person was one of the three new disciples accepted by Doctor Mo."


		