

Yu Zitong remained silent, and did not reveal the slightest bit of his speculation to Mo Juren, but was secretly thinking about how to seek greater benefits for himself.

At the same time, Mo Juren looked at Qin Hao's back, and looked away again.

He pondered secretly.

"Do you want to give these two guys some means to control them now?"

After thinking about it seriously, he temporarily endured it again.

Mo Juren thought that with his own means and schemes, it would be no problem to deal with the two boys who were illiterate before, thinking that they couldn't find the palm of his hand.

This is the self-confidence of being the president of Jingjiao Society.

"However, Han Li and Qin Hao are easy to deal with, but Yu Zitong, a real cultivator, is a bit tricky."

"There must be no complacency about this man."

Mo Juren moved his eyes, and walked to the room he often took.

When he came to the door, he stretched out his hand and pushed the door open. His gaze swept across the ground on the right, and he noticed that a tiny strand of hair that he left on purpose had changed its position.

"Someone came in here!"

His heart trembled, and he secretly became vigilant.

Quickly glanced at the inside of the room, and then walked unhurriedly to the secret box of the mechanism, with a glove as thin as a cicada's wing on his hand, and opened the mechanism.

The eyes quickly swept inward, and the pupils of Mo Juren's eyes shrank suddenly.

"The position of the book is not right!"

"Someone not only came in, but also found and opened the mechanism."

Inadvertently, Mo Juren's face showed a hint of ferocity and ruthlessness, and he would never allow the slightest reveal to the outside world about matters related to cultivating immortals.

Double check.

He closed the small mechanism again without taking anything inside.

He turned and left the place with a blank expression.

"I want to see who dares to touch my Mo Juren's things!"



in the next few consecutive days.

Mo Juren showed a calm attitude of being loose on the outside and tight on the inside, as if he hadn't noticed any abnormalities, since he was fishing with "Changchun Gong".

At the same time, they were secretly monitoring Han Li and Qin Hao.

Trying to see if the two of them have comprehended the practice of magic.

But no matter how he monitors.

The results I saw were quite normal actions of the two of them. At most, they would try to contact other people in Qixuanmen to see if they could learn martial arts.

Only there was no abnormal performance of comprehending and practicing spells.

"Isn't it these two idiots?"

Just when Mo Juren was puzzled, one night, while he was taking a nap, he was keenly aware that someone was approaching him with lightness kung fu.

Immediately let him quietly pay attention to it in the dark.

"Fish, take the bait!"



"It's been several days, and Mo Juren still hasn't taken any threatening control measures against me. It seems that he is very confident in his martial arts and resourcefulness."

"However, the more confident he is, the better it is for me."

Inside the room, Qin Hao was lying on the wooden bed, thinking about things secretly.

Since Mo Juren didn't show any threatening means at the moment, he temporarily put it behind his mind, and turned to think about the important matter of how to replace the cultivation method for himself.

"Yu Zitong practiced the wood-type exercise "Eternal Spring Kungfu", while Master Jin Guang practiced the metal-type exercise."

"If I can't get the fire-attribute cultivation technique from these two people, then for me, I can only focus on Tainan Xiaohui."

"Han Li entered Tainan Xiaohui at the age of eighteen, and now he is almost eleven."

"The Tainan Xiaohui is held every five years. Excluding the time spent on finding the way and rushing, I have at most two years to prepare and try to participate in another Tainan Xiaohui."

"If I want to buy exercises at Tainan Xiaohui, I must have at least two low-grade spirit stones or more worth of trading items."

Just when Qin Hao was silently thinking about future exercises.

Suddenly, he vaguely heard the sounds of fighting coming from a distance, and his heart moved, he hastily and carefully turned over, lying on the corner of the window.

Quietly open a gap in the window, carefully peeping outside.

If nothing happened, he heard the soft whisper of "Magic Silver Hand", and soon, the sound of fighting in the night stopped abruptly.

"who is it?"

"The Mo Juren who forced him to use his unique skills!"

Qin Hao's eyes flickered, he hesitated for a while, and finally suppressed the eagerness in his heart.

Regain your calm and composure.

"Even if he is injured, I may not be able to take the opportunity to kill him."

"It's better to wait, as long as the delay is longer, I will become stronger. And he himself will become weaker."

Soon, Qin Hao lay back on the bed again.

Start sleeping and resting peacefully.



"boom……!"

A tortured, mangled body crashed to the woods floor.

"Wild Wolf Gang, Jia Tianlong!" Mo Juren's face was ferocious, his eyes were fierce, like a ghost that wanted to devour people, he shouted in a low voice: "If you dare to attack me, Mo Juren, I will kill you!"

"However, how did that guy know that I have a fairy treasure in my hand?"

"Tonight, someone was sent to test and rob."

He glanced down at the corpse at his feet.

With trembling arms, he took out a small porcelain bottle from inside his clothes, opened the lid, and poured the corpse powder inside on the corpse.

"Chi Chi Chi...!"

Green smoke curls up, slightly pungent.

The corpse sprinkled with corpse powder, like a wax figure melted by heat, quickly dissolves into corpse water, seeps into the soil, and disappears.

"Cough cough cough...!"

Suddenly, Mo Juren couldn't help coughing violently again.

His pale face turned red, and after a while, he coughed up blood, and his old body shook involuntarily, almost falling to the ground.

Looking down at the blood in his palm, his eyes changed for a while.

It soon became much firmer again.

"No matter what, the news cannot continue to leak and spread."

"Jia Tianlong must die!"



The next day, early in the morning.

Qin Hao, who was about to get dressed, suddenly heard familiar footsteps approaching, and soon stopped in front of his door.

"Bang bang bang...!"

"Qin Hao, get up, Elder Mo wants to see you and Han Li."

Zhang Tie's shout was heard.

Qin Hao was thoughtful, and responded: "Understood."

"The word has arrived, I'm going to practice at Chishui Waterfall." Soon, the footsteps went away again.

"Could it be related to the fight last night?" Qin Hao thought in his heart.

After putting on their clothes, they walked out of the room and saw Han Li coming out of another room. The two of them silently looked at each other and made eye contact.

Soon, Han Li secretly raised his vigilance and subconsciously walked behind Qin Hao.

Sensing Han Li's gesture, Qin Hao didn't say anything. Anyway, he knows the key point, as long as the two of them haven't reached the fourth level of Qi training period.

Then there is no danger to life.


		