

After leaving Sunset Peak, Qin Hao did not go far.

Instead, he made a detour quietly, came to the halfway up another steep mountain nearby, and purposely found a very precipitous sunny cliff area.

He raised his right hand, and a small black fireball appeared on the tips of five fingers at the same time.

Then under Qin Hao's control, he hit the same place.

“Boom…!”

The small fireball flew into the air, hit the cliff, and instantly melted it into a pool of crimson magma.

Liquid hot magma flowed down the mountain wall, exposing a deep and spacious molten cave in the hit area.

"The temporary retreat of the cave is completed, and it can be used only after the magma has been re-cooled and solidified."

"Taking advantage of this moment, prepare some dry food and water."

After looking at the cave where magma was flowing, Qin Hao turned and left.

Drilled into this lush and deep primeval forest alone.



After several hours.

Qin Hao used Yufeng Jue and Luo Yanbu to come here again.

The previous crimson molten magma has already turned into gray-black solidified stone at this moment, and the terrifying high temperature has dropped.

The temporary retreat cave has already taken shape.

"Shua...!"

With a flash of his figure, he entered the cave.

Then sit cross-legged in the sunny area, facing the scorching sun outside, and continue to practice "Thoughts on the True Form of the Great Sun" to practice silently.

In this way, day after day, quickly passed quietly.

During the daytime, when the sun was shining, Qin Hao practiced the method of cultivating the gods "Thoughts on the True Form of the Sun". And when it came to the daytime and the first half of the night when there was no sunlight, he continued to practice the qi training method "Burning Flame Hell God Art".

Every day in the second half of the night, all of them are used to sleep and recharge their batteries.

Good for the second day of long hard training enough energy.

In this way, unconsciously, more than half a month passed quietly in the blink of an eye.

This morning, Qin Hao had eaten and was about to continue his morning exercise when he suddenly saw a red flag on the top of Sunset Peak in the distance.

The flag flutters with the wind, and the colors are extremely bright and obvious.

"It seems that there is news." Qin Hao stood up, with a touch of eagerness in his heart: "Master Jin Guang is a big fat sheep with a low cultivation level and many treasures. If you don't personally rob him, I'm really sorry for 'Master Sending Treasures' good name."

"I hope that Qixuanmen will not play any tricks."

After waving his hands to put away his things, Qin Hao used Yufengjue to leave the place quickly.

Go towards the peak of Sunset Peak.



After a while, Qin Hao arrived at the foot of Sunset Peak.

Looking up at the steep and steep mountain, he thought about it and decided not to go up this time, but just wait here.

If there are really any traps above, it must be useless because of it.

Looking around, he maintained his immortal posture, and suddenly came to a disciple of the Qixuanmen, and gave instructions directly.

"Go to the top of Sunset Peak and tell you the sect master, Wang Juechu."

"This seat is waiting for him here."

"Yes, Immortal!" The disciple responded hastily. It seemed that he had received some order in advance, and he was not too panic-stricken.

Responding to a salute, the person turned around and ran towards Sunset Peak.

Looking at the figure that was gradually going away, Qin Hao stood on the spot, expressionless, with his hands behind his back, waiting patiently.



Wait patiently for about two quarters of an hour.

Qin Hao saw Wang Juechu and a group of high-level officials from Qixuanmen Qiqi come down from the Sunset Peak and quickly appeared in front of him.

"Seven Profound Sect Master Wang Juechu, pay homage to the immortal!"

Wang Juechu came to him, cupped his fists and bowed.

Take the initiative to talk about the things Qin Hao cares about.

"The Golden Light Temple that the Immortal ordered us to look for and the Venerable Golden Light have now found their location, and they have lived up to the Immortal's expectations."

"I don't know the immortal...?"

"Send someone who knows the way to follow me." Qin Hao glanced at Wang Juechu, knowing what he was longing for, and said calmly: "If you really find it, the person who leads the way will reward me." Immortal method brought back."

"Thank you Immortal!" Wang Juechu was overjoyed when he heard this, and quickly dispatched one of his confidantes to say to Qin Hao, "Immortal, let this person lead the way for you."

Qin Hao looked at the person Wang Juechu had recommended.

I saw that his muscles were knotted all over his body, and his face was full of beards, giving him the visual sense of a rough and tough guy. And in his left hand, he still holds a sheathed saber tightly.

Sensing Qin Hao's attention, this person immediately saluted Qin Hao with fists.

"Little Wang Wu, I have seen a fairy!"

"You ride a horse, just lead the way ahead." Qin Hao casually ordered, then floated away from here, and left towards the outside of Qixuanmen.

Seeing this, Wang Wu hurriedly mounted a tall horse and quickly chased after it.

The figures of the two people quickly disappeared here.

"Immortals are immortals, they are even faster than galloping horses, and they seem to be able to handle them with ease." Wang Juechu still looked in that direction, with a burning feeling in his heart: "I don't know what kind of method is the immortal method?"

"Compared with the secrets of inner strength and mental methods, how is it?"



After a few days.

The border area of ​​Jingzhou is halfway up a mountain near the border of the barbarians.

"Immortal, this is the mountain." Wang Wu raised his right hand, pointed to the top of the mountain, vaguely saw a building in the style of a Taoist temple, and said, "That Taoist temple is the Golden Light Temple."

"The master of the temple claims to be the master of golden light, and he has a good reputation in the surrounding area, and he knows a lot of thaumaturgy."

"Master Jinguang himself is particularly fond of gold..."

"You wait here, wait for me to go up and have a look." Qin Hao ordered casually, and then quickly flew to the top of the mountain.

It quickly disappeared from Wang Wu's sight.

But in the dark, he sneaked back quietly and observed Wang Wu's every move in secret.

I want to see if Qixuanmen has set me a trap.

He will never forget how many immortal cultivators in the Qi training period were plotted to death by greedy mortals. The example of Yu Zitong before is still vivid.

Observe carefully in the dark for a long time.

After confirming that Wang Wu hadn't moved in any way, Qin Hao felt relieved a little, turned around and really left this place, heading straight to the luxurious Taoist temple on the top of the mountain.

With a figure like a ghost, he walked quickly through the lush forest without making any abnormal noise.

In just a few moments, Qin Hao appeared near the Taoist temple.

He observed carefully, and found that the decorative architectural style of this Jinguangguan was very luxurious and high-profile, like the style of a nouveau riche.

It's almost like something piled up with gold.

"Master Songbao, I'm here to find you to be happy!"

"Hey hey...!"

Qin Hao deliberately concealed his figure and did not go through the main entrance.

Instead, they quietly entered the interior of Jinguang Temple.


		