

The interior of the Qixuanmen kitchen.

Steward Zhou sat on a chair, pretending to be flipping through the purchase ledger information, but he was thinking about other things.

"That boy Qin Hao, why has he been missing for a while?"

"Could it be that Mo Juren noticed something and killed him secretly?"

Thinking about it, he couldn't help but recall the mysterious vision that appeared in Caixia Mountain some time ago.

The orange light is brilliant, illuminating the world.

Let the entire Qixuanmen and the headquarters of the Wild Wolf Gang become dazzling and mysterious.

"The guild master sent an order before, ordering me to carefully investigate every move of that master Gu Mojuren, and it is best to find out the details."

"From the looks of it, there should really be an immortal treasure in Mo Juren's hands."

Combined with the secret message from the gang leader Jia Tianlong, Qin Hao's previous news, and the mysterious vision of Caixia Mountain, all of them show that there is something special here.

Perhaps the source lies in Mo Juren.

After contemplating for a while, Manager Zhou closed the ledger, stood up, went to the inside of the large kitchen, and ordered Li Si to be the handyman delivering meals to Shenshou Valley.

Tell him to check on Qin Hao's situation.



Inside Qixuanmen, in a certain forest.

The white-haired Mo Juren walked alone among them, carefully scanning the surroundings with his eyes, and had a secret conversation with Yu Zitong in secret.

"According to the secret investigation during this period of time, and reverse deduction, the mysterious orange light should start from this place, bloom and spread out."

"Have you ever felt anything unusual?"

"No, all of them are mundane things without aura, and they don't look like treasures at all. Could it be that you guessed something wrong?"


There is one point that Yu Zitong didn't say clearly.

That was on that day, when the mysterious orange light appeared, his consciousness did not notice the slightest abnormal fluctuation of spiritual energy.

But that kind of scene is definitely not something that ordinary people can create.

This made him very puzzled.

Outside, when Mo Juren heard Yu Zitong's words, his eyes flickered. Naturally, he would not really believe all of his one-sided words.

Always be alert and vigilant.

Not in a hurry to leave here temporarily, he continued to carefully investigate and search by himself.



at the same time.

Inside the Valley of Divine Hands, in the room belonging to Mo Juren.

Looking at the detection results displayed on the virtual interface, Qin Hao exclaimed in his heart that he was lucky, and his face was full of joy.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Mechanism cassette

Grade: Level 1

Remarks: On the surface, the mediocre creation of ordinary institutions, inside and outside, is smeared with multiple mixed low-level mixed spirit toxins, which is poisonous when touched. It is effective for the seventh floor and below during the Qi training period

"This old Yinbi is so cunning and insidious!"

Qin Hao cursed secretly, but the movements of his hands were not slow.

He took off his jacket and wrapped it in multiple layers around his hands, then he opened the mechanism carefully and took a quick glance.

There are books and letters.

Regardless of other things, Qin Hao only took out the book with the cover of "Longevity Scripture" from it, leaving the rest intact.

Quickly flip open the fake cover of the "Longevity Scripture".

He saw that it was actually the text of "Changchun Gong" on cultivating immortals.

Relying on his powerful memory, he first recited the contents of the basic spells "Fireball" and "Wind Control", "Controlling Objects", "Sky Eye" and "Concentration Talisman".

And check it carefully to make sure that you have not made a mistake.

Afterwards, Qin Hao turned his head and looked at the content of the previous cultivation method.

Starting from the first floor, in order to prevent any mistakes in the content taught by Mo Juren, when he saw the contents of the seventh floor, he suddenly heard someone walking towards the valley of gods.

Immediately put the "Longevity Sutra" back to its original place without hesitation, and carefully closed the organ.

He jumped out of the window decisively, and closed the window again from the outside. After a few dodges, he quickly left the back of the house.

Disappear here soon.



Carrying the food box in his hand, Li Si walked to the entrance of Shenshou Valley.

He looked inside carefully, and found that no one was there, so he stretched out his hand and scratched the back of his head.

"There seems to be no one, do you want to take the opportunity to go in and have a look?"

There was a moment of hesitation.

Li Si walked in with the food box, his eyes turned around, looking around, looking for the trace of Qin Hao.

I searched carefully from room to room, but I still couldn't find that familiar figure.

The entire interior of God's Hand Valley was empty.

"I can't find anyone at all, what should I do?" Li Si stood where he was, thought carefully, then turned around and left suddenly, muttering to himself, "Forget it, let's report the news here to Manager Zhou first."

Leaving God's Hand Valley, he walked towards the location of the big kitchen.

But he didn't notice that behind him, Qin Hao was standing quietly in a certain shadow inside God's Hand Valley, watching him leave alone.

"Basic spell content, I can't understand it at all!"

"The whole article is written with words and other words from the ancient times of this world. If you don't have an understanding of the ancient language system of this world, even the most basic spells will not be able to understand the real content at all."

Browse through the content of basic spells such as "Fire Bomb", "Yufeng Jue" and so on.

It was only then that Qin Hao realized that with his current understanding of the characters in this world, he could not meet the minimum requirements for understanding the content of spells.

Not to mention going to enlightenment and practice.

"Lack of relevant knowledge is no different from illiteracy."

"Using magic as a hole card, this path is temporarily unworkable. It seems that we can only shift the target to another place and find another way."

Thinking about something in his heart, Qin Hao quietly retreated again.

He came outside the secret room where Han Li was retreating, and reached out to pat the stone door. Although the voice was a little weak from inside, it still caught Han Li's attention.

"Boom...!"

The heavy stone door was opened from the inside, and a thin, black, ten-year-old boy walked out of it.

Seeing Qin Hao outside, Han Li felt strange, he showed a simple and honest smile on the surface, and said, "Junior Brother Qin, it's you, what's the matter?"

"I have something important to discuss with Senior Brother Han in private. It's about your life and my safety." Qin Hao came to the door of the secret room and signaled to Han Li with his eyes, "Why don't you go in and talk about it?"

"Okay!" Han Li's eyes flickered and he agreed.

When he heard that it was a matter of life and death, he instinctively became vigilant and secretly took precautions.

Soon, the two senior brothers entered Han Li's secret room and closed the heavy stone door again to block the outside world.

Inside the chamber.

Han Li and Qin Hao sat opposite each other, with serious expressions on their faces.

"Senior Brother Han, do you think it's normal for Mr. Mo to look at the two of us?"


		