

The sun was shining and the sun was shining brightly.

On the sparsely populated road, a thin and slender figure of a man was hurrying towards the destination of this time, Qixuanmen, with Yufengjue.

The Taoist robe worn on his body not only does not show the slightest sense of immortality.

Instead, he was dressed like a bandit in a Taoist robe.

"I accidentally heard the conversations of those mortals before, saying that the Caixia Mountain range will emit light, and it appeared more than once."

"The aura here is so thin."

"It's definitely not a high-level cultivator breaking through here. The only possibility is that there are treasures here, and they are definitely not ordinary treasures."

As soon as he thought of his own judgment, Venerable Shui Jing became more and more excited.

I can't wait to step into the main peak of Caixia Mountain, Sunset Peak, and take away unknown treasures for my own use. I'm afraid that if I take a step too late, I will be taken away by other people who got the news.

"I didn't expect that there would be treasures in this barren land where birds don't shit."

"It's really God blessed my water mirror."

"I just don't know what type of treasure it is? I hope it is the type that can improve cultivation."

With longing in his heart, Venerable Shui Jing ran even faster.

Under the blessing of Yufeng Jue, the whole person seems to be flying on the grass blades, with a fast and astonishing speed, which is faster than ordinary galloping horses.



"Ninth floor of the Qi training period!" Qin Hao hid in the lush canopy, looking at the figure of the strange immortal cultivator, thinking for a while: "The other party just happened to pass by here?"

"Or was the vision of Caixia Mountain spread out before, and they were deliberately attracted here?"

"If it's the first possibility, then it doesn't matter."

"But if it's the second possibility, then there may be more than one immortal cultivator attracted, maybe even more, and this place will become dangerous."

After thinking briefly and quickly, Qin Hao decided to test the waters with Qixuanmen.

See how many wild fish you attract with the smell.

"The fastest way to obtain resources is always robbery."

Looking at the fast-moving back from afar, Qin Hao landed on the ground, pretending to be running on the ground with Yufengjue, restraining the aura vision.

Continue to go in the direction of Qingniu Town.

It is the most important thing for him to get a batch of books for studying ancient prose.



Wangshan ran a dead horse, that was just for mortals.

For immortal cultivators who use spells to travel, even if it is hundreds of miles away, it is only a short distance away, it is no different from turning a corner when going out.

After a while, Venerable Shui Jing came near the mountain gate of Qixuanmen.

"This is the territory of Qixuanmen, stop here!" Soon, a strong man dressed in black came forward and shouted loudly.

At the same time, he reached out his hand to stop Venerable Shui Jing who was approaching.

"Go away, a bunch of mortal ants!" Venerable Shui Jing was anxious that someone would rush ahead of him and snatch the treasure, so naturally he didn't intend to talk patiently to these mortal warriors at this moment.

Pinching the formula and chanting the incantation, it is two shots of fire bombs shot out one after another.

Instantly burned the two warriors who were in charge of guarding the Qixuanmen Mountain Gate today into ashes.

If they can't even scream, there will be no bones left. Venerable Shui Jing's footsteps did not stop at all, and he rushed past the mountain gate of Qixuanmen quickly.

Enter the interior of Qixuanmen.

Rushed towards the location of the rumored main peak, Sunset Peak.

After a while, Venerable Shui Jing met a group of Qixuanmen disciples who were patrolling daily. As soon as the two sides met, they didn't wait for these patrolling disciples to come forward and ask for their identities.

I saw the strangely dressed Taoist reach out and pat the back of his head.

Then he opened his mouth and spat out a small pocket sword from the mouth. In an instant, the little red sword turned into a ray of crimson streamer, flying across the crowd at extreme speed.

In an instant, there were many casualties, blood spattered, and stumps were everywhere.

The crowd fell to the ground like wheat.

"Enemy attack...!"

"Send an emergency signal!"

"You dog thief, give back my junior sister's life, and die for my master!"


A man whose heart had been punctured fell to the ground, struggling to hang himself with his last breath, reached out tremblingly to take a signal flare from his body, and desperately pulled down the fuse.

The next moment, the signal flare flew into the sky at a high speed.

"Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

In the cloudless sky, an extremely dazzling and dazzling "seven" character suddenly exploded.

At this moment, all the members of Qixuanmen who noticed the appearance of the emergency signal flare immediately took action and gathered towards the place where the signal flare was fired.



same moment.

Another location of the Caixia Mountains.

The other immortal cultivators who also heard the rumor of the mysterious vision in Caixia Mountain looked up at the emergency flare that exploded in the sky, and each of them had different thoughts in their hearts.

"It seems that some comrades have already attacked the Qixuan sect."

"Two dogs fight, play off."

The man and the woman said something to each other, and in a few words, they decided on the next action plan.

Immediately, they quickened their pace and hurried towards the direction of Sunset Peak, but the difference was that the two of them chose to sneak and hide their tracks.

Trying to be the last fisherman in the dark.



Caixia Mountain range, on the other side.

In a desolate virgin forest.

A pale, ordinary-looking woman, like a ghost, drifted silently in the forest, and the white clothes on her body had a gloomy and pale appearance.

It makes people feel that this woman is more like a dead person just by taking a look at her.

rather than normal living people.

"The treasure is mine!"

"If I can grab it by force, it may help me win the promotion spot in this year's Immortal Ascension Conference. Get the Foundation Establishment Pill, and try to break through the Foundation Establishment Stage."

"No one wants to stop me...!"

The cold and dead voice, like a ghost whispering, made people shudder.

A pair of eyes stared in the direction of Sunset Peak, showing undisguised greed and covetousness. Indistinctly, there are many tiny bugs swimming and drilling in the eyes.



And inside the Qixuanmen.

There was also a middle-aged man wearing the clothes of the inner disciples of Qixuanmen, who raised his head and glanced at the emergency signal flare in the sky, a trace of contempt and ridicule flashed in his eyes.

"Let's fight, let's fight!"

"Fight well over there, the bigger the trouble, the better, and attract everyone's attention, so I can fish in troubled waters."

"Steal the treasure without anyone noticing, let you slowly fight here."

There was a sneer inwardly, this person didn't intend to gather at the location of the signal flare at all, but instead took the opportunity to sneak into the interior of Sunset Peak.

Quietly arrest the high-level personnel of Qixuanmen, conduct interrogation and search for treasure information.

Want to find out what treasure caused the vision.


		