

"The scenery of Caixia Mountain is so beautiful!" Qin Hao took advantage of the time to go out to take out the garbage, and took advantage of the opportunity to look in the direction of Sunset Peak.

There was a glimmer of expectation and hope in his eyes.

"In a few more hours, the cooldown of Scouting will be restored."

"At that time, use reconnaissance techniques to appraise and investigate the situation of Caixia Mountain. Let's see if the ancient legend is true?"

"Caixia Mountain, Luofeng Mountain..."

After watching for a while, Qin Hao turned and walked towards the kitchen.



Has been busy until the treetops on the moon.

Qin Hao and Li Si, the new kitchen handymen, have just finished their work here and have time to rest.

Under the arrangement of steward Bai Rizhou, the two did not live together, but separated and mixed with other servants in the door, living in different Tongpu houses.

"How can I get on the line with Mo Juren and learn the real skills of cultivating immortals?"

"I don't know what time it is now?"

With thoughts in his heart, Qin Hao entered the house without any intention of talking to anyone else.

He lay down on the bed that he was assigned to himself.

The others didn't have the idea of ​​talking too much. After working all day, they were already exhausted, and fell asleep quickly when they touched the bed board.

After all, you have to get up early the next day to continue working.

Among the ten handymen in the room, only Qin Hao had something hidden in his heart and was not asleep yet. He just closed his eyes and pretended he was sleeping.

"I want to get Mo Juren's attention and be sent to God's Hand Valley by him, so I can acquire immortal cultivation skills and don't have to continue to be a kitchen handyman."

"Then there is only one way to let Mo Juren know that I have spiritual roots."

"You have to think about how to let him know..."

After thinking about it, Qin Hao fell asleep unknowingly.



On the second day, the sky was just getting brighter.

The sound of getting dressed and getting up came from the handyman's house, and Qin Hao was also woken up. He kept silent and also got up, dressed and washed.

"I forgot that the scout skill was cooled down last night, so I didn't check it."

Suddenly, he reacted.

He quickly walked out of the house, found an open space nearby, and turned his head to look towards the main peak of Caixia Mountain, Sunset Peak.

At the same time, he secretly used the reconnaissance technique on Sunset Peak.

Silently, new streams of information surfaced on his personal virtual panel. Qin Hao hurriedly read and observed carefully, not letting go of any content.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

[Sunset Peak: A mountain with a mysterious inner content, transformed from the original source of the corpse of a fairy-level true spirit Tianfeng tens of thousands of years ago, but it has already lost most of the original essence and gradually returned to the ordinary]

Seeing the news from the investigation, Qin Hao was very excited at first.

But soon became a little disappointed.

"In an extremely distant era, five-colored phoenixes actually fell!"

"It's just that until now, too much of the original essence has been lost. I don't know the mystery contained in it. How much effect is left?"

But seeing that this place is occupied by a group of mortals, no immortal cultivator cares about it.

Qin Hao guessed that it had withered and died to such an extent that no immortal cultivator cared about it, and turned into a mortal land. Even its truth has become an absurd legend.

"Forget it, I'll find a way to sneak into God's Hand Valley today."

He turned around and walked towards the large kitchen.

While doing chores, he waited patiently for Manager Zhou's arrival.

About a quarter of an hour later, Qin Hao noticed that familiar figure approaching from a distance, and he immediately picked up the trash can where the rotten vegetable leaves were placed, and walked outside.

When he was almost close, his eyes hinted at Zhou Guanshi.

"This kid...does he discover anything?" Seeing this, Zhou Guanshi muttered to himself, and then took advantage of his position to take Qin Hao to a no-man's land.

"Tell me, what's the matter?"

"It's like this, Manager Zhou." Qin Hao quickly organized his words and said in a low voice: "We fought here, and every time the wounded were sent back, most of them were treated."

"But the gang doesn't have such clever means, so our casualties are more than those of Qixuanmen."

"In the long run, the gains outweigh the losses."

"So I came up with a plan, as long as the genius doctor inside the Seven Profound Sect is plotted to get rid of. In this way, the subsequent casualties will inevitably increase in number of deaths due to inability to heal them, and gradually fall into the disadvantaged."

"As long as this is done, it will be a great achievement."

Qin Hao looked at Guanshi Zhou who was quite moved, and smiled flatteringly: "As soon as I think of this idea, I will inform you, Guanshi Zhou, about it as soon as possible."

"As long as we get close to Mo Juren, the genius doctor inside the God's Hand Valley, there will always be a chance to plot against him."

"You boy, you can!" Steward Zhou heard the words, with a kind and treacherous smile on his face, he reached out and patted Qin Hao's shoulder lightly, and said, "This steward will arrange the operation and let you deliver meals to Doctor Mo full-time." , approach him."

"Do it well, but don't let the manager down."

"As long as you do it well, the benefits will naturally be indispensable to you. Not only will there be a lot of silver flowers, but also many beautiful beauties will serve you, ensuring that you will be popular and spicy."

"Remember, this matter must be kept secret!"

Qin Hao immediately revealed a look of joy when he heard the words.

It's like being happy and joyful for being appreciated by Zhou Guanshi.

"Okay, let's go back, just wait patiently for the news." Steward Zhou waved Qin Hao's hand, and watched him leave here, with an inexplicable expression gradually showing in his eyes.

"If this matter can be done, of course the benefits will be taken alone."

"A group of chess pieces that can be discarded at any time are also worthy of sharing credit and benefits with official members of the elite like this steward, hmph!"

Gently rubbing his mustache with his fingers, Zhou Guanshi turned and left the place.



Back inside the big kitchen.

Qin Hao continued to act as if nothing happened, and worked here honestly.

Not long after, it was time for breakfast.

Soon, Guanshi Zhou was seen walking into the kitchen with another big man's attitude, chatting with the person in charge here for a while, and then Qin Hao was replaced.

From an ordinary handyman to a handyman who specializes in delivering meals to Dr. Kamito Gumo.

"Mo Juren, here I come!"

Qin Hao left the big kitchen with the food box in his hand, and walked briskly towards the location of Shenshou Valley.

Walked for a long time on foot.

A lush and lush small valley suddenly appeared in front of my eyes.

On the left side of the valley, there is a field filled with many medicinal herbs. As for the area on the right, there are more than a dozen houses connected together.

The overall environment looks very elegant and natural, very suitable for living.

Qin Hao stabilized his emotions and walked forward steadily. As soon as he entered the Valley of God's Hands, he saw a white-haired old man walking out of one of the houses.

On the surface, the other party looked about sixty years old.

He is tall and thin, his skin is a little brown, and he still coughs from time to time.


		