

Unconsciously.

Immortal cultivators, who are rarely seen on weekdays, began to appear frequently inside Caixia Mountain.

One by one, overtly or secretly, they are acting separately.

However, Qixuanmen, the mortal sect of Jianghu, who is the overlord of Fengyun Land, has no knowledge of this matter, and still imitates Mo Juren's previous practice, opening the gate to recruit disciples.

Try to find children with spiritual roots.

At the same time, the secret investigation on Mo Juren's true identity is still going on in an orderly manner, and it has already left the scope of Jingzhou.



same moment.

Sunset Peak, inside the Seven Profound Hall.

The current sect master Wang Juechu who also heard the emergency flare exploded in the air, and a few other high-level personnel in the sect all stood up suddenly and rushed out of the Seven Profound Hall.

Pairs of eyes stared at the character "seven" in mid-air at the same time.

After a few breaths of time, the words condensed by the signal fireworks gradually became blurred and hazy.

Finally disappeared completely.

"He who comes is not kind, and those who are kind don't come." Deputy Sect Master Ma turned his head to look at Wang Juechu, and said, "The other party is definitely not a weak person who can send an emergency signal to the patrol."

"Master, give the order."

"Give me an order to immediately gather all the masters in the sect to encircle and kill the invading enemy." Wang Juechu looked serious, thought for a while, and said again: "Lead people to meet the enemy first, and I will inform my uncle."

"To prevent any accidents."

"Alright, just follow what the sect master said." Deputy sect master Wu on the other side nodded, and was the first to leave this place, rushing to the place where the enemy attacked.



Near Qingniu Town.

Qin Hao had just approached a few miles outside the town, and by virtue of his spiritual cultivation, which was stronger than Qi training, he once again sensed the arrival of a strange immortal cultivator with his spiritual consciousness.

And is on the same path as myself.

"Why are there immortal cultivators here?"

"From this point of view, it is very likely that the news of the vision of Caixia Mountain has spread, and thus attracted the cultivators."

Just when Qin Hao thought of this possibility in his mind.

The three immortal cultivators who just perceived it quickly appeared in his field of vision.

He subconsciously glanced forward, and the Celestial Eye Spell disappeared in a flash. I saw that the other party was a combination of two men and one woman. One is a gray-haired old man with eleventh floor Qi training period.

The other is a burly man with an ax on his back.

The cultivation base has reached the tenth floor of the Qi training period.

As for the last woman, she was quite pretty, but her face was rather cold and stern.

Coupled with the slightly slender lips, it gives people a difficult look to deal with. At the same time, this woman's cultivation level is also the most profound existence among the three.

Already reached the twelfth floor of the Qi training period.

Just when Qin Hao saw the three immortal cultivators, the other party also saw Qin Hao's figure. As the distance drew closer, the two sides raised their vigilance and preparedness for each other.

For no reason, Qin Hao doesn't like to make enemies hastily.

So he took the initiative to detour, passed through from the side, and continued to drive in the direction of Qingniu Town.

The two sides passed each other with a distance of hundreds of feet.

"The little guy with such a young and immature face has reached the ninth level of the Qi training stage!" The burly man looked back, with envy and jealousy in his eyes: "It must be that the other party's cultivation qualifications are far superior to mine, otherwise it would be impossible Reaching this level of cultivation at this age."

"The aura in Jingzhou is really too barren, there are not even many immortal cultivating families."

"The other party is most likely a casual cultivator."

The speaker has no intention, but the listener has the heart.

The white-haired old man beside him suddenly had some other thoughts in his heart.

"I'm already old, and my life span is at most twenty years away."

"Even if we get the Foundation Establishment Pill at the Immortal Ascension Conference in the future, it is very likely that the breakthrough will fail due to aging. If we succeed in taking it away, even if it will not increase any lifespan."

"It can also rely on better cultivation qualifications to reach the thirteenth level of Dzogchen realm in the qi training period within the limited remaining time. In this way, the chance of success in breaking through with the Foundation Establishment Pill is higher."

"As long as we can successfully break through to the foundation-building stage, our longevity will definitely double again."

"In this life, there may be great hope, and a long life may be expected."

Just relying on Jingzhou's own aura environment, combined with the immature face that he just saw, he quickly judged that the opponent might be the legendary Tianlinggen.

Many cultivators of the Heavenly Spiritual Root, without a strong backing, would basically be unable to escape the end of being taken away.

The number of immortal cultivators who can really grow up on their own is very small.

"If I'm also a cultivator with Heavenly Spiritual Roots...!" The white-haired old man's eyes were a little red with envy and jealousy, and he quietly remembered the young man just now.

On the surface, he remained calm, lest his companions around him react.

Then compete with him for the body of the cultivator with Tianlinggen.

"No, there is a problem!" At this moment, the beautiful woman with the strongest cultivation stopped abruptly, and turned her head to look in the direction where the boy Luyu was leaving just now: "It is rumored that there are mysterious orange lights frequently appearing in Caixia Mountain. Like, many immortal cultivators gathered in the direction of Caixia Mountain."

"Why did that kid go the other way and move away from Caixia Mountain?"

At this moment, a series of brain-filling suspicions appeared in her mind involuntarily.

I felt more and more something was wrong in my heart.

"Could it be that...that kid just got the mysterious treasure from Caixia Mountain?"

"That's why you did the opposite and took the initiative to stay away from Caixia Mountain?"

"Otherwise, you met the three of us just now, why did you take a detour?"

Responding quickly, Mrs. Honglian felt that she had guessed the truth.

Immediately, his face turned cold, and he shouted sharply: "Chasing, that kid just now has a problem, and the treasure may be on him."

As soon as the words fell, Mrs. Honglian quickly chased after her.

When the two people around heard this, they instinctively froze for a moment, seeing that Mrs. Honglian had chased after them, they immediately reacted quickly and their faces were overjoyed.

One after another, they took the initiative to chase in the direction where Mrs. Honglian left.



not for a while.

The familiar buildings in Qingniu Town appeared in Qin Hao's field of vision.

"finally reached!"

"I don't know if there are any books related to the study and research of esoteric ancient Chinese in Qingniu Town?"

"If you don't have it here, you can only go to those big cities."

Just when Qin Hao was about to enter the interior of Qingniu Town again.

Suddenly aware of the familiar aura of a cultivator approaching at a high speed, he immediately paused and ran towards the side of the original forest without looking back.

It disappeared in a blink of an eye.

"Although I don't know why the other party came back, I feel invisible malice."

"Since this is the case, we might as well act first. No matter what the reason is, let's kill a few first."


		