

Standing under the Sunset Peak, Qin Hao watched carefully for a while.

Then he used Yufeng Jue again, and cooperated with Luo Yanbu, to fly over the steep and steep Sunset Peak, climbing extremely fast.

None of the guard posts, either open or dark, could detect his presence at all.

After all, they are just a group of mortal warriors.

Or a low-level warrior who is not even an innate warrior, how can he detect the traces of a cultivator.

Just for a moment.

Qin Hao easily crossed more than a dozen light and dark sentries in a row, and appeared at the peak of Sunset Peak. The real headquarters of Qixuanmen is located here.

Condescending, overlooking the vast mountains and rivers.

There is a kind of spirit of the leader in this area.

Qin Hao looked forward, and saw that on the top of Sunset Peak, there was a flat open space with a size of tens of acres, and the ground was paved with neat stones.

In the key and important areas, seven towering and tall stone halls were built with thick stones.

A total of one big and six small ones are symmetrically located here.

This is the Qixuan Palace, the headquarters of Qixuanmen.

Even though there was a distance, Qin Hao could still hear that at the moment inside Qixuan Palace, many high-level personnel of Qixuanmen were discussing matters.

Trying to annex and absorb the surrounding small and medium-sized gangs such as the Iron Spear Club and the Water Breaking Gate.

Prepare to further expand the scale of Qixuanmen.

Originally, the Wild Wolf Gang existed and fought with Qixuanmen, which enabled these small and medium-sized gangs to survive in the cracks between the two major gangs.

But now, the Wild Wolf Gang is gone, leaving only the Qixuanmen family alone.

Naturally, these small and medium-sized gangs are not allowed to exist.

"Just right, they are all here, so I won't have to look for you again." Qin Hao smiled, and suddenly rushed into the largest main hall of the Qixuan Palace.

When approaching the thick stone gate.

He popped out a fire bomb at random, and a small black fireball quickly formed and flew out, hitting the thick stone door.

In an instant, the Shimen and its surrounding structures melted into a pool of scorching red magma. Qin Hao took advantage of the situation and flashed across the magma, appearing inside the Seven Profound Hall.

Without concealing his true body.

Such a change immediately alarmed Wang Juechu and others who were discussing things internally.

"Who?!" Wang Juechu stood up abruptly, his face full of vigilance and anger.

But when he saw the Shimen and the nearby ground that had turned into a pool of magma, he gasped suddenly, with a look of shock and horror on his face.

That is not a scene that mortal martial arts can create.

Seeing this scene, the other two deputy sect masters, as well as the hall masters and others stood up in the same shock, with no concealment of shock on their faces.

"This... Could this be the legendary fairy?!"

Wang Juechu reacted quickly and suddenly guessed this possibility.

My heart became more and more afraid to act rashly.

Before he could take the initiative to ask, he saw the young and somewhat excessive "immortal" in front of him, and he spoke by himself.

"This seat has an important matter that I want to hand over to you."

"If it is done well, I will teach you the immortal method. If it is not done well, it will be like this stone ground."

Qin Hao casually pointed to the ground in front of the senior executives of Qixuanmen.

A small black fireball suddenly condensed and flew to the hard stone ground at a very high speed, instantly turning the area around Zhang Xu into a hot magma zone.

"Gudong Gudong...!"

The extremely hot magma is still bubbling upwards.

There was a pungent and unpleasant smell.

Feeling the terrifying high temperature and the red-faced magma reflected by everyone, the senior officials of Qixuanmen only felt a chill and panic in their hearts.

"The legendary immortal... is so terrifying?!" Deputy Sect Leader Wu stared at the magma ground not far in front of him, feeling cold hands and feet.

I was a little overwhelmed with horror.

There are also many people who became active after being shocked, and each had a different idea.

"Help the immortals do good things, can you learn the magic of immortals?"

"If I know the way of the immortal, wouldn't I be able to kick the vice sect master and punch the principal sect master, and become the boss of the Seven Profound Sect?"

"Is it too dangerous for a fairy to find someone to do?"


Just when many high-ranking officials of Qixuanmen were thinking wildly.

As the current head of the sect, Wang Juechu showed a dignified and respectful attitude, and asked quite cautiously: "I don't know if this immortal has come to this place, what do you want my Qixuanmen to do for the immortal?"

"After all, we are just a bunch of ordinary people, far inferior to the abilities of immortals."

"Don't worry, for you, this is just a small matter without any danger." Qin Hao saw that the purpose of the demonstration was achieved, and he directly issued his order, saying: "I want you Qixuanmen, In the nearby barbarian land, look for a Taoist temple called [Golden Light Temple]."

"The master of this temple is named [Golden Light Master], and he is quite famous in that area."

"After you find the location of Jinguang Temple, notify this seat of the news, and your mission will be considered complete. Remember, when searching, keep it secret."

"Don't let the opponent be frightened."

"If you just want to find the location of a Taoist temple, it is indeed a simple matter, as long as there are many people, it can be done." Wang Juechu thought to himself, and suddenly he had a bottom line in his heart.

Guess why this "immortal" went to Qixuanmen.

It's nothing more than the current Qixuan sect has a large number of people, and it is the strongest martial arts sect nearby. If you're looking for something, searching is more efficient.

This kind of less risky and dangerous thing still made Wang Juechu feel relieved.

He was afraid of encountering something that would drag down the Qixuanmen to destroy them.

With a decision in his heart, Wang Juechu immediately bowed his hands to the young immortal, and said seriously: "Please rest assured, the immortal, I will definitely handle this matter well."

"I just don't know when to find Jinguangguan, how to tell the news to the immortal?"

"Why don't I wait inside the Qixuanmen, build a courtyard for the immortals to rest, and stay here temporarily?"

"No need, I'm not interested in staying here for a long time." Qin Hao put his hands behind his back, showing a proud look, and ordered: "After you find it, you only need to stand high on the top of the Sunset Peak. banner."

"At that time, this seat will naturally know."

While speaking, Qin Hao secretly used Yufeng Jue.

The whole person tapped his toes lightly on the ground, and just flew upside down out of thin air, and quickly flew towards the outside of the Qixuan Hall, with a light and elegant posture.

Carrying an incomparable demeanor that far exceeds that of a mortal's light body kung fu master.

"If anyone wants to try a trick, feel free to try it."

"See if your own body is hard, or the rocks on the ground? I'm quite curious about this."

The faint voice came from afar.

But they could no longer see the existence of that figure.


		