

Just when Qin Hao was thinking about something.

Mo Juren, who was examining his body carefully, suddenly showed a surprised and excited expression.

"quick!"

"Execute the formula I taught you with all your strength, take your time and don't get excited."

Hearing this, Qin Hao took the initiative to cooperate, fully operating the weak magic power of the thin hair in his body.

Although it was faintly visible, under Mo Juren's careful inspection and induction, he still noticed the existence of that tiny stream of energy.

"That's it!"

"This is what I want, and it actually exists!"

"Hahahahaha...!"

Suddenly, Mo Juren couldn't help laughing out loud, the laughter was full of excitement and excitement.

The eyes looking at Qin Hao were full of passion and anticipation that could not be concealed. Indistinctly, there is a hint of greed and madness.

"Old Mo, you scratched me!"

Qin Hao pretended to be frightened by Mo Juren, and spoke weakly.

Sensing Qin Hao's reaction, Mo Juren quickly realized that he was too excited and lost his composure, and quickly returned to his usual appearance.

It's just that compared with the past, there is a little more kindness and care.

"In the future, you must practice seriously. If you don't understand anything, you can ask me at any time."

"This time, if you pass the test, you will be my direct disciple from now on. In terms of benefits, you will be equal to other official disciples in Qixuanmen."

Hearing these words, Qin Hao responded yes. Han Li and Zhang Tie next to them could not conceal their envy.

They also wanted to become the direct disciples of Mo Lao.

Soon, Mo Juren began to check Zhang Tie again, feeling the pulse gate with one hand and touching the dantian with the other. It took a full cup of tea, but nothing was found.

He let go of Zhang Tie's hand, without saying a word, his expression unchanged.

In Han Li's uneasy inner mood, he began to seriously check his practice. Not long after, he saw the surprised and moved look on Mo Juren's face again.

Looking at him, there is also a touch of enthusiasm and anticipation.

"Good boy!"

"What a good boy, there are actually two people who have successfully cultivated!"

With the previous reaction, this time Mo Juren looked at Han Li, although he was still fiery and excited, but he did not lose his composure too much.

"Both of them passed the test, as for you..."

Mo Juren looked down at Zhang Tie, his eyes narrowed slightly, a little vacillating.

As if thinking about something.

Seeing this, Zhang Tie immediately showed a pitiful expression of pleading, lest Mo Lao would drive him out of the Valley of Gods Hands.

"Your qualifications are too poor."

"After practicing for such a long time, I haven't even cultivated anything. In such a situation, how can I be the disciple of the old man."

Seeing this, Zhang Tie's heart sank suddenly.

There was a look of disappointment and loneliness on his face.

"But..." Mo Juren looked at Zhang Tie carefully, glanced up and down, and said coldly, "Your muscles and bones are not bad, and you are suitable for practicing another kind of exercise."

"I wonder if you are willing to learn from this old man?"

As soon as Zhang Tie heard this, he agreed without hesitation.

Lest Mo Juren drive him out of God's Hand Valley.

"Okay, very good!" Mo Juren nodded slightly, and ordered: "You three all go down, and come back to me tomorrow morning, and I will teach you new content of the mental method."

"Yes, Old Mo!"

Han Li, Zhang Tie and Qin Hao responded in unison, and then left the room.

Mo Juren was the only one left, staying inside the room, a little crazy with excitement, opened his mouth and laughed silently.



Since becoming personal disciples, the three of them have their own independent residences.

In particular, Han Li and Qin Hao each had their own private closed room near the cliff inside the Valley of Gods.

It was built specifically to prevent madness.

That kind of treatment is placed inside the Qixuan Sect, and only the sect masters, elders and others are eligible to enjoy it. And in addition to that, there are more precious medicinal herbal baths for soaking.

Greatly improved the practice progress of "Changchun Gong".

As for Zhang Tie, he practiced "Elephant Armor Kung Fu" at Chishui Waterfall every day. He practiced his external skills silently and hardened his muscles and strength.

"It has been more than four months, and the first level of "Changchun Kung Fu" has finally been completely cultivated." Inside the secret room, Qin Hao looked at himself inside, and secretly said to himself.

With a thought, open your own personal attribute interface.

The content on it has changed.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Roots: Water, Fire, Wood

Current age: eight

Maximum life expectancy: eighty-three

Cultivation realm: one level of Qi training

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary talents: none

Extraordinary Physique: None

Spell Ability: None

Basic skills: Scouting (cooling time - one hour), collection (cooling time - three months)

He observed carefully, feeling a little happy in his heart.

"The upper limit of lifespan has been slightly increased."

"There is also a change in the cooldown time of scouting and collection, which has been greatly reduced. Collection can now be performed again."

Recall the results of my first collection experiment.

The red light is brilliant and unusually obvious.

Although he was allowed to deprive others of their spiritual roots and take them as his own, the movement was not small. If you are not careful, you will attract attention and trouble.

"To collect again, we must stay away from Mo Juren."

"And it can't be done at night, the light is too conspicuous. Who knows if it will attract the attention of other immortal cultivators, so be careful."

"However, this place is too remote and desolate, and few immortal cultivators are willing to stay in such a place where the aura is thin."

After thinking about it carefully, Qin Hao had an idea in his mind.

Then he continued to silently ponder the true meaning of the second-level practice formulas of "Changchun Gong", no one taught him, so he could only ponder and think by himself.

The whole night passed quickly.

Qin Hao left the secret room on the cliff, and took the time to go to the big kitchen to have breakfast, and left the God's Hand Valley openly. While walking, he carefully observed and searched for the traces of the cloud-winged bird.

When he realized that he was not following him.

His footsteps towards the big kitchen changed suddenly, and he stepped into an uninhabited forest, carefully inspecting it carefully.

After reconfirming that there is no problem.

Qin Hao no longer hesitated, pressed one hand on the ground, and locked the collection target as Caixia Mountain.

Then he decisively launched the collection technique that comes with the panel.

"Shua...!"

At this moment, an orange light burst out from his body, bright and dazzling.

Even in daylight, it still couldn't hide the brilliance.

The rays of light spread out from his body like water waves, sinking into the ground along the palm of his hand. Almost instantly, the orange light surrounded the entire Caixia Mountain.

Whether it is the residence of Qixuanmen or the residence of the Wild Wolf Gang, it has become dazzling at this moment.


		