

Hearing what Han Li said to him, Qin Hao laughed in surprise.

"It turned out that it was the joint effect caused by me that caused Han Li not to dare to stay inside the Qixuan Sect."

"I'm afraid that other powerful cultivators will be attracted by the collection of visions."

Sensing the surprise and shock towards him in Han Li's eyes, but not the slightest intention to ask, Qin Hao was also very satisfied with Han Li's reaction.

Han Li was unwilling to share the secret of holding the sky bottle with others.

And he himself, is it not like this, hiding his secrets and not wanting to be known by others.

"Go for a walk outside, and understand the cruelty of the battle between immortal cultivators."

"So I will retreat to Caixia Mountain for the time being."

Qin Hao's footsteps moved slightly, and his whole body floated down like a feather, standing on the ground.

Keep an appropriate distance from Han Li.

"After a few years, when the cultivation base has been raised to a higher level, I will participate in the trade fair among the cultivators, as well as the opportunity to join the seven major factions of the Yue Kingdom."

"Being a casual cultivator, after all, the resources are too poor."

"Most of the good things in the world of cultivating immortals are occupied by those sects of cultivating immortals. If you want to go further and go further on the road of cultivating immortals and longevity, you can only find a way to get rid of the identity of casual cultivators."

"The Immortal Cultivator Fair? The Seven Great Schools of the Yue Kingdom?" Han Li's eyes lit up when he heard the news, which he had never heard of before, and he asked curiously, "Can Junior Brother Qin tell me in detail?"

"Yes!" Qin Hao looked at Han Li and asked back, "I wonder what Senior Brother Han plans to use in exchange for this news?"

"After all, my cultivation base is low, so going out for a trip would be risky."

Hearing this, Han Li pondered for a while.

Suddenly he took out a porcelain bottle from the inner pocket of his clothes and threw it to Qin Hao in the air.

"This is Yangjing Pill, an excellent healing medicine that I refined myself."

"Add another bottle of detoxification Qingling powder. I know you have refined this kind of thing." Qin Hao gave his own conditions again. He often poisons people himself, so naturally he must prevent himself from being poisoned.

Carrying the antidote Qingling Powder with you is far better than Jin Sui Wan and other elixirs.

After all, Han Li's Qingling powder is completely different from the Qingling powder sold outside, and the detoxification ability is more powerful and efficient.

Hearing Qin Hao's bargaining words, Han Li pretended to be heartbroken.

Then he dawdled and took out a bottle of Qinglingsan, threw it to Qin Hao in the air, and then asked: "Junior Brother Qin, tell me about the situation outside."

"It's easy to say!" Qin Hao casually put away a whole bottle of Qingling Powder and Yangjing Pill, and then introduced it to Han Li, saying: "In Yue Kingdom, there are seven sects of cultivating immortals."

"These are the Moon Sect, the Spirit Beast Mountain, the Yellow Maple Valley, the Huadaowu, the Qingxu Gate, the Giant Sword Gate, and the Tianque Castle."

"Among them, the Moon Sect is the strongest, and it is the Shuangxiu Sect."

"Spiritual Beast Mountain is next, mainly to envoy all kinds of monsters and strange insects. After that, there is Huangfeng Valley, which is more inclined to alchemy and health preservation, and Qingxumen, which is a monastic Taoist priest."

"The remaining three are the weakest, so don't mention them."

"In the entire world of cultivating immortals, the sect of cultivating immortals has the most prestigious status, and next are the different families of cultivating immortals that exist attached to each sect of cultivating immortals."

"As for the casual cultivators with the largest number, they are located at the bottom of the world of cultivating immortals."

"For example, you and I are casual cultivators."

Qin Hao used himself and Han Li as practical examples to let him know what casual cultivation is.

Then continue to briefly tell some news.

"As for the trade fairs for immortal cultivators that I know of, there are only low-level trade fairs during the Qi training period in Lanzhou, which is not far from Master's residence."

"Held every five years."

"In the other twelve states of Vietnam, there must be their own trade fairs held regularly, but I don't know where."

"As for the way to join the Seven Great Factions of Yue, there is more than one way."

"There are regular recruitments for various affiliated immortal cultivating families, once every ten years. There are also regular recruitments for the Immortal Ascension Conference for casual cultivators in the Yue Kingdom, which is also once every ten years."

"However, the Ascension to Immortal Conference has more requirements for recruitment than the recruitment specifically aimed at cultivating families."

"And the recruiting location is different every time."

"First of all, in terms of cultivation, it must reach at least the seventh level of Qi training period. Then there is the aspect of bone age, which must not exceed forty years old."

"As for the last condition, each faction only recruits the ten strongest casual cultivators."

"The next Immortal Ascension Conference for casual cultivators will be held in the vicinity of the junior trade fair during the qi training period in Lanzhou, so it just happens to be on the way."

Hearing Qin Hao's explanation, Han Li finally had a general understanding of the outside world of cultivating immortals.

No longer the kind of pure white novice who knew nothing before.

"The next Lanzhou local junior trade fair, I have to go there to see and see."

"By the way, hand over the suicide note left by Mr. Mo to the four wives."

Recalling the matter of Mo Juren's suicide note, Han Li reached out and took out a letter from the inside of his clothes on his chest, and threw it to Qin Hao in the air.

Explain simply in your mouth.

"This is a letter left by Mr. Mo. It's a pity that you left too fast that day, and it was a bit late to find it, so I didn't have time to give it to you."

"He also left me a letter."

"A letter for me?" Qin Hao clamped the letter between two fingers, secretly scanned and observed it with his spiritual sense, and suddenly understood in his heart: "Master, this old guy, will plot against the two of us when he dies."

"I want to use beauty, wealth and poison to bind the two of us in Mofu to protect his wife and daughter."

Looking at Han Li not far away, Qin Hao had a faint smile on his face.

"So, Senior Brother Han, you have already been recruited?"

"That's right!" Han Li said with a dark face, and said in a bad tone, "Mr. Mo injected a second strange poison into the antidote of the corpse insect pill."

"And the antidote to this strange poison is inside the Mo Mansion."

Recalling this series of calculations, Han Li was shocked and angry, and he was terrified.

At the same time, he was a little fortunate that it was Mo Lao who taught him what it means to be insidious, despicable and vicious. Let him deviate further and further from the path of honesty and simplicity.

"Before, Junior Brother Qin didn't swallow the antidote, so I don't know how to dissolve the Zombie Pill?"

Han Li was rather curious about this.

"Whether it's the immortal cultivator's consciousness or the immortal cultivator's magic, is it difficult to deal with an ordinary Gu worm?" Qin Hao smiled happily.

Red lips and white teeth, very beautiful.

The body of the eleven-year-old has not yet developed, and the secondary sexual characteristics have not appeared.

So that people sometimes can't tell his gender.

Looking at the white and immature Qin Hao with a bright smile, Han Li thought he was prettier than Zhang Xiu'er, and was inadvertently dazzled a little.


		