

Came to the interior of Qingniu Town.

Qin Hao went straight to the bookstore here, and after some searching, he actually bought some books on the study of esoteric ancient Chinese.

But the quantity is not too much.

"After all, it's just an ordinary town, not comparable to those big cities."

"It looks like I have to go out again."

Leaving Qingniu Town again, walking alone on the dirt road outside.

Qin Hao began to think about other issues in his mind.

"Since my current real combat power is no longer afraid of the twelfth-level immortal cultivators in the ordinary Qi training period, I may go back and take the opportunity to rob a wave."

"See if you can grab some useful resources."

"And the most important point is to take the opportunity to find out where the immortal cultivators in Jingzhou are trading. It will be about two years before the re-opening of the Ascension Fair of the Seven Great Factions of the Yue Kingdom."

"I need to use stronger cultivation and fighting power to compete for the very few places to become immortals."

The Ascension to Immortals Conference of the Seven Great Sects of the Yue Kingdom is really very strict for casual cultivators.

There are many restrictions, and there are also requirements for the number of recruits. On the contrary, the conditions are much looser for those disciples who are affiliated with the immortal cultivating family.

And there is no limit to the number of enrollees.

However, these two different methods of recruiting disciples have their own advantages and disadvantages.

Recruiting disciples for the affiliated immortal cultivating family, although the conditions are loose and it is easy to pass the entrance, but there is no reward for the establishment of the foundation after the entry.

As for the Ascension to Immortals Conference, although the conditions for recruiting disciples are strict, and the number of recruits is very small, each faction only accepts ten people.

But after getting started, the next Foundation Establishment Pill will definitely be distributed.

Such different conditions made those cultivators within the affiliated immortal cultivating family deliberately not participate in the easy recruitment for the cultivating family in order to obtain the foundation building pill.

Instead, he hibernates patiently and fights with casual cultivators for more difficult recruitment.

Just to use this plan to obtain Jidan.

Recalling these key information contents, Qin Hao knew that the next Immortal Ascension Conference two years later would be the time for those immortal cultivators from the immortal cultivating families who had been dormant for a long time to show up on a large scale.

In order to compete for the Foundation Establishment Pill, he took the initiative to increase the difficulty of entry, fighting with casual cultivators.

"This year's Immortal Ascension Conference will be even more bloody and cruel."

"With my current cultivation and combat power, I may not be able to guarantee that I will definitely win a spot. After all, the 13th level of great perfection in the qi training period is the third qualitative change in the qi training stage."

"No one knows how my Five Elements Immortal Root will be displayed during the test."

With all kinds of thoughts in my heart, I quickly determined many follow-up ideas.

And use this to make specific preparations.

"Shua...!"

Qin Hao used Yufeng Jue, striding with his whole body close to the ground.

It's not so publicized that it flies in the sky.

"The number of immortal cultivators attracted by the vision I created is definitely more than the ones I met on the road. There must be other immortal cultivators."

"This time, I have to be more cautious."

"I have an escape talisman, and if something goes wrong, I can run away to save my life."



After a while.

Qin Hao appeared near the Qixuanmen station.

He concealed his body and restrained his mana fluctuations. As soon as he sneaked into it, he heard screams and angry shouts.

But more, it is the sound of weapons colliding and fighting.

"Sure enough, there are other cultivators here."

He hides in the lush canopy, looking into the distance.

He saw a qi-training immortal cultivator with a red flying sword, with a golden mask on his body, being besieged and killed by many mortal warriors.

The leader was a middle-aged gray-clothed man holding a long sword.

The tip of the long sword in his hand erupted with a two-inch-long white sword light, hesitating like a snake letter, and he was fighting with the scarlet flying sword.

And nearby, there was another burly man attacking the golden mask.

With great external strength, the golden mask was obviously deformed, but he insisted not to break it, and resisted the strong man's full attack.

“Natural Warrior!”

Qin Hao recognized who these two people were at a glance.

It is the second of the three innate warriors who hide and retreat inside the Qixuanmen.

And that immortal cultivator is obviously not the type with many treasures like Venerable Jin Guang, and he can't use the talisman to kill the innate warrior at all.

They can only stand in a stalemate with the opponent's innate sword glow with low-level magic weapons.

He quietly glanced at the immortal cultivator with the Celestial Eye Technique, and he immediately understood.

"The mana in that guy's body is running out."

"The Qixuan sect has a large number of people. If it is slowly consumed and worn down, it may be possible to surround and kill them. But not necessarily, in case there are some unknown trump cards..."

Just when Qin Hao was thinking about something in his mind.

Suddenly, a young and handsome woman flying a leaf-shaped flying instrument flew from the distant sky. I saw the other party looking down at the scene below, with a sneer on his face.

"A group of ants in the Qi training period are also worthy to come here to find treasures!"

"Let's all die for this seat!"

As soon as they met, the other party decisively killed him, intending to kill and silence him, and blocked the news related to himself.

It seems that he wants to steal the benefits quietly.

The delicate woman waved her right hand, and red needles flew out of the sky instantly, like pear blossoms in a rainstorm, shooting in all directions.

"It turned out to be an immortal cultivator in the foundation building period, run away!"

In the woods not far away, there was a sudden scream of panic.

The two figures, a man and a woman, had just ran a few feet away before they were overtaken by the thin red needle behind them, passed through their heads in an instant, and quickly disappeared here with a splash of blood.

Fly to the delicate woman in the sky.

And the bodies of those two people still habitually ran forward a few steps before falling to the ground.

There is no movement or vitality.

The other scattered red fine-needle magic weapons also chased and killed other qi-training stage cultivators, whether they showed signs on the surface or hidden in secret.

Without a single exception.

Everything was clearly detected by the sudden arrival of the foundation-building stage cultivator.

The thin red needles flying all over the sky are flying at extreme speed, like red silk thread grazing. Immortal cultivators in the qi training period who were still flaunting their prestige just now suddenly died one after another in an instant.

"Shua...!"

Seeing the same red needle weapon flying towards him, Qin Hao instinctively felt a strong sense of threat.

Immediately stepped on the tree trunk decisively and dodged at a high speed.

With the cooperation of Yufengjue and Luo Yanbu, a series of blurred afterimages appeared on his body. At the same time, he waved a small black fireball and blasted towards the thin red needle.

"boom……!"

The black fireball exploded suddenly, instantly melting and destroying the thin red needle that was attacking him.

At the same time, Qin Hao ran tens of feet away in the blink of an eye.

The first time the magic weapon was destroyed.

The delicate woman flying in the sky noticed it, and a trace of doubt and astonishment suddenly appeared on her beautiful face.

Then quickly became extremely angry.


		