

Rest in peace after a full night.

In the early morning of the second day, Qin Hao prepared some dry food and water again in Huashi Town, packed them into a package, and put them in the storage bag.

Once again set foot on the road alone.

"There are still two big states between Jingzhou and Lanzhou."

"The Qixuan Gate is on the edge of Jingzhou, while Jiayuan City is in the middle of Lanzhou. To reach Jiayuan City, it is equivalent to traveling across three and a half states."

"Without a few months, it will never arrive at all."

Looking at the rising sun in the distance.

Qin Hao used the basic spell Yufengjue, which is used by immortal cultivators to travel long distances, and he quickly left in the distance like a gust of wind.



More than seven months later.

Standing on a small wooden boat, Qin Hao looked at the approaching Jiayuan City in the distance, and felt a burst of exhaustion.

Traveling long distances is really tiring.

"As far as I can remember, it took Han Li more than three months to rush from Qixuan Gate in Jingzhou to Jiayuan City in Lanzhou with his eighth-level Qi training stage."

"And it took me more than seven months to hurry on the road with a cultivation base of the second floor of the Qi training period."

Recalling the experience of traveling for more than seven months, Qin Hao only felt that there were many dangers.

Perhaps it was because he looked too young and immature now, like a ten-year-old child, which caused him to encounter dangers far more than normal adult men.

this way.

He encountered ninety-three kidnappings, eighty-nine robberies because of money, seventy-seven fights involving grievances and hatred, fifty-six attacks by various wild animals,...

Even the collection technique, which has a cooldown of three months, was used twice on the road.

But nothing good was collected.

"If I can fly with imperial weapons, or if I have a higher level of cultivation, it won't take so long at all."

"There won't be so many accidents and dangers."

Looking at the gradually approaching Jiayuan City, Qin Hao remained expressionless.

The long time of dealing with danger made his fighting skills more proficient and ruthless. Combined with a little magic and the wonderful use of spiritual consciousness, in the Jianghu martial arts world, it can be said to be invincible.

This is also the main reason why he has been able to survive until now.

Be cautious enough, and with the addition of spiritual consciousness, you can detect danger in advance, and your perception is stronger.

"Jiayuan City is the largest city in Lanzhou, located in the center of Lanzhou."

"And Guanggui City is in the southernmost part of Lanzhou."

"The Xianglu Grand Canal, which runs through the entire Yue State from north to south, passes through the interior of Jiayuan City. As long as you turn on the Xianglu Grand Canal and sail southward by boat, you can reach the vicinity of Guanggui City."

Recalling the map information he had read, Qin Hao had an idea.

Standing on the bow, looking into the distance. I saw that there was a lot of traffic and people near the wharf, and the commercial transportation was extremely prosperous.

There are countless trackers, hawkers, gang members and porters.

It shows the demeanor of the largest city in Lanzhou.

"boom……!"

Not long after, the wooden boat docked.

Unarmed, Qin Hao walked down from the boat, with a calm demeanor all over his body, and walked steadily towards the gate of Jiayuan City.

The eyes of those gang members quickly scanned one after another.

As long as there is a ship docking, it will immediately rush up and surround the ship. Such purpose is mainly to compete for customers.

And help people pay for transportation and salute.

Moreover, this fee-based transportation is still mandatory. If anyone dared to refuse, they would be viciously beaten, robbed and killed by the coolies of these gang personnel.

Recalling the memories related to Jiayuan City, Qin Hao's expression did not change at all.

He also had no intention of letting others carry his luggage.

Because all the things on him are stored inside the storage bag, which is easy and safe.



Soon, there is not much distance left.

Qin Hao sensed that more than one person was staring at him, one by one surrounded him from all directions, blocking his way forward.

"This guest officer, do you need coolies to help you carry things?" Among them, the head of a muscular man lowered his head, looked at the rather immature Qin Hao, and said with a grin: "Don't worry, we are all good people."

"Specially helping others to move goods and salute for a fee."

"If you want to survive, get out." Qin Hao said calmly, he felt that his attitude was already very good.

At least they didn't cut them off directly.

"Hey, you're not young, but you have a good temper." Hearing this, the strong man showed a sneer on his face, waved his hands and shouted, "Take him away, search him, and leave everything on his body."

"Teach me a good lesson, break my legs, and let this kid know the rules of Jiayuan City."

"If you want to die, I will fulfill you!" Qin Hao casually pulled out the short sword pinned to his waist, and his figure danced like a ghost, quickly shuttling among the seven people.

The short sword in his hand had a gloomy and cold light.

"Puff puff……!"

In the blink of an eye, the seven of them reached out to cover their necks almost simultaneously.

He fell to the ground unwillingly and died.

"After all, I'm still too merciful, so I should strike at the first meeting." Qin Hao shook off the blood on the short sword, and inserted it back into the scabbard.

Leaving this place with steady steps, he didn't care about the seven people he had just chopped down.

The long-distance travel and various twists and turns in the past seven months made him understand a truth. That is to convince people with force, the most efficient and convenient.

Simple words and politeness do not necessarily lead to politeness and peace.

Only when it is ruthless enough and ferocious enough to kill the opponent's head rolling and blood flow into a river, will the opponent become polite and kind.

Everyone is full of love, and everyone is a great kind person.

Because those who will not become good people have all been hacked to death. Only in this way can we gain peace and sincerity, and feel the truth, goodness and beauty in the world.

"Those who convince others with strength can see the beauty and sincerity in the world."

"Those who refuse to accept are dead."

"The folk customs of Jiayuan City are indeed quite simple, even robbery and robbery are so good."

The corners of Qin Hao's mouth curled up slightly, only feeling a good mood.

Walk briskly into Jiayuan City.

There was a burst of noise coming from behind, and he could still hear it clearly even if he gradually walked away.

"Who is that guy? He even dared to kill members of the Poison Dragon Gang!"

"He came to Jiayuan City and didn't hire us coolies to carry things. This person is really looking for death. Look, the poisonous dragon gang will not let it go."

"What kind of kung fu was that just now? Why have you never seen it before?"

"Hehehe, it's a good show now. Let the poisonous dragon gang fight with our ax gang, and a few people were hacked to death today. It's really a great joy."


Everyone pointed at the bleeding corpse, talking and making noises, even laughing happily, but there was no fear or fear.

After all, the folk customs of Jiayuan City are so simple and kind.

On the contrary, those outsiders looked a little fearful and evasive in their eyes.


		