

The terrain of God's Hand Valley is extremely special, and there is only one safe entrance and exit.

In addition, there are steep mountains and cliffs all around. Even if it is an innate warrior, if it is a little careless, it is very likely that it will miss and fall.

Throw yourself into a puddle of flesh.

Now, the only safe entrance and exit is controlled by Mo Juren himself.

Han Li and Qin Hao were not given the slightest chance to escape from Qixuanmen.



In the hazy night.

Qin Hao quietly returned to the secret room on the cliff inside the God's Hand Valley, and noticed that Han Li was still cultivating in the secret room, so he immediately reached out and patted the stone door of the secret room.

"Bang bang bang...!"

The sound insulation effect of Shimen is not weak.

The loud sound outside, but only a faint reverberation inside.

Fortunately, Han Li's various perceptual abilities were also enhanced as he practiced the "Eternal Spring Kungfu", and he was keenly aware of the existence of the knock on the door.

"Boom...!"

Not long after, the stone door of the secret room was opened, revealing a half-grown boy with slightly dark skin.

Han Li quickly glanced out, and immediately saw Qin Hao who was a little sneaky, with a flash of surprise and doubt in his eyes.

"Junior Brother Qin, you are here."

"It just so happens that I have something to discuss with you."

"Huh?!" Qin Hao glanced at Han Li quite puzzled when he heard the words, without hesitation, he took the initiative to ask about things related to himself: "Senior brother Han, recently, have there been disciples or elders from Qixuanmen looking for me? ?”

"No." Although Han Li was puzzled, he responded honestly on this matter: "There is Mo Lao who sits at the entrance of the god hand valley, and no one can enter here without his permission."

Regarding Qin Hao's mysterious disappearance during this period of time, he never mentioned it.

Like not noticing anything.

"Is there no one?" Qin Hao murmured to himself, since after such a long time, the Qixuanmen didn't come to him, it means nothing happened.

For whatever reason.

This is good news for him.

After all, warriors are rampant outside, bandits are everywhere, gang fights are chaotic, and so on.

There are also various ferocious beasts and some monsters.

Without a method of self-protection, it is impossible to go a long way alive, and you will die halfway.

Given the opportunity to grow in peace of mind in the Valley of Gods Hands and practice the method of self-protection, he is still reluctant to leave here. Even if you want to leave, you must have the power to protect yourself.

When he came back to his senses, Qin Hao took the initiative to ask, "I don't know why Senior Brother Han is looking for me?"

"Let's talk inside?" Han Li motioned to Qin Hao, looking sincere and honest.

Seeing this, Qin Hao felt thoughtful, agreed, and walked side by side with Han Li, and the two re-entered the secret room.

Han Li closed the heavy stone door, and then sat opposite Qin Hao.

He took the initiative to speak up.

"Mr. Mo is our common enemy. Even if it is to release the control of you and me, we must get rid of him."

"Presumably Junior Brother Qin himself has some concerns."

"Maybe the two of us exchange some hole cards with each other to enhance our own coping capabilities. When the time is right in the future, we can join forces to kill him."

Looking at the calm Qin Hao opposite, Han Li made his own suggestion.

"I don't know Junior Brother Qin, what do you think?"

"Do you want to make a deal?" Qin Hao thought about it secretly, and then asked, "Then I don't know what kind of trading items Senior Brother Han can offer?"

Hearing that Qin Hao didn't directly refuse, Han Li was overjoyed.

Immediately took out a piece of paper from his body, handed it to Qin Hao, and said, "I can exchange all the things listed above."

Qin Hao took the piece of paper and quickly browsed the names of the trading items on it.

""Floating Rain Sword Technique", "Savage Dragon Strength", "Luoyan Step",..., Rotten Bone Water, Qi Jue San, Three Steps Down,..."

Taking a quick look, he did see something he liked.

If he puts his mind to it, he can actually get these things himself. But Qin Hao didn't want to waste his time on these items.

Therefore, no action has been taken on it.

"Since Han Li got some, we might as well make a deal with him."

"It also saves me from spending my thoughts and time on collecting and refining."

Putting down the white paper in his hand, Qin Hao asked, "Do you have a pen and paper here?"

"Yes!" Han Li stood up, went to a corner of the secret room, fetched some pens and paper, and handed them to Qin Hao.

Qin Hao took the pen and paper, thought about it secretly, and began to write his list of trading items on it.

After finishing writing, he handed the white paper in his hand to Han Li.

In order to prevent the walls from having ears, Han Li also kept quiet, but when he saw the words on the white paper, the pupils of his eyes changed suddenly.

""Explanation and Explanation of the Analysis of Ancient Prose", "Fireball Technique", "Wind Control Jue", "Concentration Talisman", "Heavenly Eye Technique", "Object Control Technique", Fragrance of Broken Soul, Drunk Life, Dream of Death,..."

Looking at the name that was different from the name of the martial arts move, Han Li vaguely guessed something.

Breathing unconsciously slightly rapid.

Qin Hao said: "What you and I both want, write them down separately, and exchange them one-on-one."

"Yes!" Han Li agreed, and brought some pens and paper again.

After breaking up with Qin Hao, each of them began to look at each other's trading list and write down what they wanted to trade.

After a while, the two exchanged blank papers in their hands.

After some gestures and discussions, the voice was lowered as much as possible. Soon, the two parties reached an agreement and began to silently write what the other party needed.

And take out the physical items for trading.

After a secret exchange, both Han Li and Qin Hao got something useful to them.

After that, the two took different things and separated again.



Autumn goes to winter, and early spring blooms.

Every day, Qin Hao would come to the Tanikou area of ​​Shenshou Valley to personally experience the wind direction.

Only when the wind blows towards the mouth of the valley.

Only then would he use the strange mixed poison he obtained from the Wild Wolf Gang to poison it from the air and let it drift towards Mo Juren, who was tens of feet away in the wind.

Poison alone has tonic benefits for the body.

It can be fused with the other half of the poison before it becomes a deadly poison.

But the wind direction that is suitable for poisoning is not suitable for every day. In the past few months, there have only been a few times, and the number of times Qin Hao has been poisoned is not many.

Even to prevent Mo Juren from noticing something.

He chose to poison the air in the wind, which was an extremely inefficient way, rather than risk poisoning the food he ate.

After all, the fighting power of an innate warrior is equivalent to that of a monk in the late stage of Qi training.

A rookie monk like him, who barely touched the second floor of the Qi training period, couldn't beat him in a head-on fight, so he could only use intrigue to plot against him.

"The drunk life in my hand is running out."

Looking at the small porcelain bottle in his hand, Qin Hao silently put it away.

There was a leisurely thought in my heart.


		