

Inside the God's Hand Valley, in a closed room on a cliff.

Han Li sat cross-legged on a futon, carefully watching the "Piaoyu Sword Art" that he had just acquired, his eyes flickered for a while.

"It requires internal force to push this sword technique."

"But according to the meaning of what Mo Lao said before, what I have cultivated now does not seem to be internal force. If I use it as internal force, I don't know if it will be useful?"

"If it is possible, how much power can it display?"

Considering this serious question, Han Li hesitated.

There is no confidence at all.

"Perhaps... there should be some effect."

"After all, whether it is the nameless formula I practiced or the internal force of a warrior's practice, at the very beginning of the basic stage, they all have a core connection with the dantian and meridians."

"It is theoretically feasible to use this unknown coolness as an internal force."

It's just that as soon as he felt the cold air in his body, Han Li felt more and more difficult.

The practice is slow, the recovery is slow, the purpose is unknown, and after a year of penance, it is only the thickness of chopsticks, and the amount is very small.

"Even if it is really useful, with my current skill, how many tricks can I use?"

"It seems that in the future, we have to focus on those martial arts that don't require internal strength and can be activated. Even if you don't know about Qixuanmen, is there such a type of martial arts?"

Han Li's eyes flickered for a while, and he muttered to himself.

After a while, he began to pick up a pen and paper, and first copied this "Piaoyu Sword Art" for himself. After all, after three days, it will be returned to others.

"With the threat of Shichongwan and my family, I can't stop practicing that nameless formula no matter what."

"On the contrary, you have to work harder to practice."

"Only by keeping a certain progress, will Mo Lao not hurt my family."

Thinking of the Achilles' heel of his family, Han Li felt a burst of depression and anger in his heart.

Taking a few deep breaths secretly, he continued to copy "Piaoyu Sword Art" silently, trying to prepare himself more cards to deal with.

In his mind, he thought of Qin Hao who was also threatened by Mo Lao.

"I don't know how to deal with Junior Brother Qin?"

"Recently, I haven't seen him, and I don't know where he went?"



same moment.

In the deepest part of the God's Hand Valley, there is a wild and no-man's land.

Standing near the entrance and exit of the cave, Qin Hao swallowed the small light ball in his hand into his body, and the orange light film shattered, allowing the things wrapped inside to refine into his body.

In an instant, a blazing light group rushed forward by itself.

Fly into Qin Hao's own sea of ​​consciousness.

"boom……!"

An inexplicable fluctuation suddenly dispersed, and Qin Hao's consciousness went blank for a while.

In a trance.

He felt as if he had become an indescribable and strange existence. Then under the joint action of multiple factors such as material gravity and extraordinary energy.

Naturally, it became a blazing and huge extraordinary sun.

Long time, fleeting. It gave Qin Hao a strange feeling of lucid dreaming, a little mysterious and unfathomable.

When he himself came back to his senses.

He felt that his primordial spirit had mastered a brand new and mysterious method of cultivation.

"Try the actual practice effect."

Calm your mind and calm your mind.

Qin Hao began to try for the first time to practice the "Thinking of the True Form of the Great Sun", a method of primordial spirit cultivation.

In the sea of ​​consciousness in the upper dantian, his primordial spirit is in a posture that looks like a fetus in pregnancy, with the god as the seal and the mind as the foundation.

At the same time, the primordial spirit is used to breathe out the innate fetal breath, simulating and visualizing the birth process of the extraordinary sun.

With an unpredictable and mysterious frequency, use consciousness and spiritual consciousness to absorb the real extraordinary sun rays from the outside world, and devour the extraordinary factors in it.

"Shua...!"

Invisibly, the sunlight that spread around Qin Hao's body began to distort and change.

The extraordinary factors contained in it were separated and drawn by the different forces generated during the twisting process, and gathered in Qin Hao's own sea of ​​consciousness one after another.

Countless faint light spots, like the tail lights of trillions of fireflies in the night sky, are spinning and converging towards one place.

It was absorbed by his primordial spirit and turned into nourishing nutrients.

The magnificent scene in the sea of ​​consciousness is like a cosmic nebula revolving around, pulling towards the core of power under the pull of gravity.

It's like all kinds of grand scenes before the sun is about to be born.

And Qin Hao's own primordial spirit is the source core of that power, and it is the place where the sun was born after evolution and aggregation. His primordial spirit is being nourished in it.

The inexhaustible fluorescence of extraordinary factors, as well as the inextinguishable flames of Fengyan exist.

They are all influenced by the "Thinking of the True Form of the Great Sun", and evolved into a hazy and illusory extraordinary vision of the Great Sun outside his primordial spirit.

His primordial spirit is located in it.

It is like the innate sun god that is being nurtured and nourished in the extraordinary sun, and it is also like the original star core.

"The true form is always shining, ten thousand dharmas are invincible, the god is like a great sun, immortal and immortal!"

After personally experiencing the practice process of "Thoughts on the Great Sun's True Form", Qin Hao has a deeper understanding and understanding of this section of reconnaissance remarks.

It's like pointing out the core direction of the practice of the primordial spirit and grasping the main thread.

at the same time.

In the outside world, within the coverage of divine consciousness.

The sunlight that has been absorbed and stripped of the extraordinary factors has become ordinary sunlight similar to the Dharma-ending era.

No longer is the essence of the extraordinary sunshine.



Until close to evening.

Feeling the hunger in his belly, the dimming of the sun and many other changes, Qin Hao recovered from his first attempt to practice "Thinking of the Great Sun's True Form".

Take the initiative to stop and continue to practice.

"Shua...!"

In an instant, an invisible pulling wave converged into the body.

Qin Hao carefully felt the changes in his own soul, and was keenly aware that it had grown a little bit. Although it was insignificant, it did show signs of growth.

"The way the primordial spirit cultivates and grows is indeed unusual."

Once again, he released his spiritual consciousness, and he realized that the coverage of his spiritual consciousness had also been expanded.

From the original radius of about one foot, it became a little more than one foot.

"The soul is the root, and the consciousness is the branches."

"As long as the primordial spirit is strong enough, then its derivative divine consciousness will naturally increase, and its associated influence will be enhanced."

"Since the method of training Qi is affected by attribute restraint and suppression, the progress is extremely slow. Then practice the method of training God first, focusing on strengthening the primordial spirit and consciousness."

Taking a deep breath, Qin Hao calmed down.

Turning around to seal the hole again, he hid himself in the shadows and sneaked towards the entrance of the Valley of Gods Hands.

"Go back and check the situation."

"If the identity is not exposed, then continue to stay in the Valley of the Gods and develop with peace of mind for a period of time."


		