

Ten miles away from the Spirit Beast Shanfang City, Qin Hao landed from the sky and used Yufeng Jue on the ground to hurry.

When he was about to reach the destination, he took out some cloaks, robes and other things from the inside of the storage bag.

Give yourself a simple cover-up.

Then he came to a misty mountain depression, took out a sound transmission talisman, recited a few spell-casting formulas in a low voice, and then entered the words he wanted to say into it.

Let go of your hand, and the sound transmission talisman turned into a flame and plunged into the fog in front of you.

It didn't take long.

The fog in front of it dispersed slightly, revealing a path leading to the interior.

Qin Hao sized it up carefully, and then entered it without any haste, passed through the formation that blocked mortals, and appeared in the inner city of cultivators.

As far as the eye can see, it is a fairly flat area.

In the center there is a large lake with clear water.

All kinds of buildings are built and erected one by one around the lake. There's even a section of beautifully styled lofts that sit right on the water.

The thick weeping willow rooted by the lake floats down one after another slender and flexible willow branches.

Rippling and swaying with the sparkling ripples.

"As expected, it is one of the Cultivator's Square cities under the name of Spirit Beast Mountain!"

"This scale, this appearance, far surpasses the trading place for local qi training juniors in Tainan Valley of Lanzhou. There is no comparison between the two."

With a quick glance around, Qin Hao saw more than a hundred cultivators coming in and out.

There are even transactions between immortal cultivators in the foundation building period.

"Go directly to Wanbao Building, where there are the most good products."

"After all, Wanbaolou is backed by the seven major sects of the Yue Kingdom, and also has business dealings with many immortal cultivating families and sects outside of the Yue Kingdom."

With a clear destination in mind, Qin Hao naturally won't be procrastinating.

He walked along the shore of the lake, glanced at the plaques one after another, and soon found the signboard of [Wanbao Building].

Immediately walked into it without hesitation.

As far as the eye can see, the whole body is made of precious red paulownia wood, which makes people feel rich and noble.

It is not comparable to the street stalls outside.

Near each counter, there is an attendant in a blue gown responsible for explaining and other matters.

The goods in the counter are full of talismans, magical instruments, elixir, exercises, raw materials and even living spirit beasts.

The types cover thousands and are varied.

Qin Hao just walked into it, glanced around, and saw a servant in blue walking towards him, with a professional smile on his fair face.

"What does the guest officer want?"

"Would you like a little introduction?"

"What types of exercises do you sell here?" Qin Hao glanced and asked casually.

"Many common exercises at the alchemy stage and below, and even relatively rare exercises, are available in Wanbaolou." The attendant in Tsing Yi smiled professionally, and at the same time stretched out his hand to lead Qin Hao to the side to sit down , said: "However, if you want to buy exercises above the foundation stage, you need to go to the third floor."

"Here on the first floor, only the various exercises during the Qi training period are for sale."

Hearing these words, Qin Hao understood clearly.

Secretly amazed at the huge and astonishing source of goods behind Wanbao Building.

On the surface, he remained calm, and continued to speak in a low voice, calmly said: "Then let's take a look at the qi training period exercises you sell here."

"Okay, guest officer." The attendant in Tsing Yi responded with a smile, took out a jade slip with him, handed it to Qin Hao, and explained: "The introduction of Qi training period exercises sold in this store are all here."

"Guest officers can choose by themselves."

Qin Hao took the jade slip and explored it with his spiritual sense.

The brief introduction information of many exercises stored in the Jade Slip suddenly appeared in his spiritual perception one after another.

["Golden Feather Kungfu": Metallic kungfu, a full set of thirteen levels of Qi training, with exclusive attack supernatural power feather blade technique, priced at three low-grade spirit stones]

["Eternal Spring Kung Fu": wood attribute kung fu method, a full set of thirteen levels of Qi training, without any exclusive supernatural powers, priced at two low-grade spirit stones]

["Thick Soil True Jue": Earth attribute exercises, a full set of thirteen levels of Qi training, with exclusive defensive supernatural powers, earth wall art, which requires earth essence stones as auxiliary materials, adapted from the ancient exercises "Earth and Rock Sutra · Qi Training" ", priced at six low-grade spirit stones]

["Burning Flame Hell God Jue": fire attribute exercises, a full set of thirteen levels of Qi training, with exclusive defensive supernatural powers Hell God Armor, need to use any spiritual fire or animal fire, real fire as auxiliary materials, adapted from ancient exercises" Haoyang True Kung Fu: Qi Training Chapter, priced at six low-grade spirit stones]


["Wind Wind Transformation Shadow Jue": wind attribute skills, a full set of thirteen levels of Qi training, with exclusive attack supernatural powers, and exclusive supernatural powers.

["Ice Soul Sutra": Ice-attribute exercises, disabled and 11 layers of Qi training, without any exclusive supernatural powers, priced at nine low-grade spirit stones]

["Mingguang Kungfu": light-attribute kungfu, ten levels of remnants and qi training, with exclusive attack supernatural power condensing light spear, priced at twenty-four low-grade spirit stones]


After reading it quickly, Qin Hao thought deeply.

"I didn't expect this "Burning Flame Hell God Art" to be related to the ancient practice "Haoyang True Kungfu"!"

"I see!"

"It's no wonder that when I comprehend this exercise, I always feel that some of its content is a bit too esoteric and difficult to understand, and the state of cultivation is quite weird, which is quite different from "Changchun Gong."

The results of the adaptation of the ancient exercises in his memory are basically the deletion, weakening and incomplete processing of the ancient exercises.

The most important reason is the change of the world environment.

The cultivation environment in the ancient times was far beyond the current era, and the resources were extremely rich, which led to the power of the ancient exercises far exceeding the present.

But correspondingly, most ancient exercises cannot be practiced normally in this era.

A certain degree of deletion and modification is required.

The difference in the world environment is the main influencing factor.

"If you want to exert all the effects of the Five Elements Immortal Root, it is best to use the type of five elements practitioners." Qin Hao pondered secretly in his heart: "The cultivation of a single attribute can only use part of the effect of the Five Elements Immortal Root That's all."

"But in this era of broken inheritance and weak environment, where can I find the exercises of fellow practitioners of the Five Elements?"

"I don't know if there is a core area in the Scarlet Forbidden Land?"

I thought about it for a while.

Qin Hao quickly restrained his thoughts, put down the jade slip in his hand, and said in a deep voice, "I want "Ming Guang Gong."

"Guest officer, please wait a moment!" The attendant in Tsing Yi took back the jade slip, turned and left the place.

Come back in a while.

In his right hand, he also held a wooden box.

Coming to Qin Hao's side, he took the initiative to open the wooden box in his hand, revealing a jade slip kept inside.


		