

When everyone heard Hall Master Yue's words, they fell into deep groaning. The results of this secret investigation were really beyond everyone's expectations.

Before anyone could ask, everyone heard Hall Master Yue continue to explain patiently.

"It's just that at that time, Doctor Mo was still alive, and he didn't allow others to disturb his disciples' practice. He often interfered with this matter, and even closed the Valley of Gods because of it."

"Because of this, although Qin Hao is an inner disciple of Qixuanmen, few people have seen him."

"Shortly after Doctor Mo left, this person left Qixuanmen with the token of the inner disciple of Qixuanmen, and he left for more than a year."

Everyone at the scene became active when they heard Hallmaster Yue's investigation words.

Can't help thinking about Lenovo's suspicion.

"Could it be that after leaving, this person met Xianyuan and became a fairy?"

"Back then, Doctor Mo deliberately sealed off the Valley of God's Hands, not allowing anyone to approach, and even moved himself to the entrance of the Valley of God's Hands. What secret is hidden in it?"

"Dr. Mo, who seemed to be dying soon, did he really leave suddenly because of something else?"

"I always feel that there seems to be something weird in it. But the message letter is indeed written by Doctor Mo."

"Dr. Mo in the past didn't allow people to approach the Valley of Gods casually. The current Miracle Doctor Han is also like this. Before seeking medical treatment, he has to ring the bell at the entrance of the valley in advance."

"Could it be that there are some special secrets inside the God's Hand Valley that are related to the immortals?"


Just when everyone was thinking wildly.

He heard Hall Master Yue's tone pause, and continued to speak in a leisurely manner.

"After Dr. Mo came to Qixuanmen, he took hundreds of boys by his side."

"After a recent period of secret investigation, I found that those hundreds of boys all died prematurely, and none of them survived."

"Either he went into a maddened state while practicing his internal strength and died suddenly, or he went out to do missions and was killed."

"Or it is a mysterious disappearance without anyone noticing."

"Until a few years ago, Doctor Mo took in three new boys into the Valley of God's Hands, namely Zhang Tie, Han Li and Qin Hao."

"And then, Doctor Mo suddenly left without saying goodbye."

"Master Yue, what do you mean...!" Wang Juechu looked at Master Yue, thoughtful in his heart, and guessed, "You think Doctor Mo didn't leave by himself, but was murdered to death."

"Just like the hundreds of boys he accepted before?"

"This time, the results of the work of the three boys I accepted were not the same as before. It was the boys who died early, but something happened to Dr. Mo himself?"

"It seems that the problem should be on that Mo Juren." Vice-master Wu, who was sitting beside him, tapped the armrest of the chair with his finger, and said: "If that Mo Juren really died of the backlash of the disciples he accepted , then all his relics must have fallen into the hands of those three disciples."

"Deputy sect master Wu, there are two disciples." Hall master Yue took the initiative to remind: "A few years ago, that disciple named Zhang Tie had already betrayed and left Qixuan sect on the surface."

"It was Doctor Mo who made the decision to intercede and let the Law Enforcement Hall of the Inner Gate spare Zhang Tie's family and referees from hunting him down."

"Now that I think about it, that Zhang Tie may have been murdered by someone like the other boys before, rather than the rumor that he couldn't stand the pain of practicing martial arts and escaped from Qixuanmen by himself."

"Murder and silence!" At this moment, Deputy Sect Master Ma suddenly said, "It must be that Zhang Tie noticed something, and Mo Juren killed and silenced him."

"It then aroused the vigilance of Han Li and Qin Hao, and finally caused Mo Juren to die back by himself."

All the people present were thoughtful when they heard the guessing words of Deputy Sect Master Ma.

Thinking about it this way, it does seem very likely.

The boys who died before were too scattered, and it seemed that there were clear reasons for the deaths, and no one deliberately investigated these people.

As a result, everyone did not think of Mo Juren.

Stimulated by Qin Hao at this moment, he formally conducted a rigorous and large-scale investigation and search, and only then did he discover this extraordinary secret.

"Yesterday, what do you guys think of the secret book of immortality brought back by Wang Wu?" Wang Juechu suddenly mentioned this matter, sitting in the first place, he could not see anything abnormal on the surface.

Let others not know what he is thinking.

"It can't be cultivated at all, and there is a big difference from the way of cultivating inner strength and mental methods." Deputy Sect Master Wu gave his conjecture: "It feels like a fake."

"Could it really be related to that wood attribute spiritual root?"

"But what is Linggen? I haven't heard of it at all."

"I've been comprehending for a whole night, but I don't feel anything at all." Although Vice-Sect Master Ma is keen on internal struggles for power, he still seems to be going hand in hand with this matter. , really need spiritual roots?"

"If this matter is true, then it can somewhat explain what Mo Juren did before."

"It is very likely that he does not have spiritual roots himself, and he is secretly looking for someone who has spiritual roots in this way. Could it be that Mo Juren has a way to seize spiritual roots?"

Hearing the guessing words of Deputy Sect Master Ma, everyone present was very moved.

If this is true.

Then they themselves can also use this method to search for people with spiritual roots, and then seize the spiritual roots and use them for their own use.

Then let yourself become a fairy.

"Thinking about it this way, we need to investigate Mo Juren's true origin." Deputy head Wu turned to Wang Juechu, the master of the main gate, and suggested: "Master, Mo Juren's real identity should be determined by Juechu." Not as it was told to us back then."

"It's quite possible that there are other identities that we don't know about."

"If we can get these secrets, we people also have the possibility to become immortals."

"Well, just...!" Wang Juechu was about to say something.

Outside the Qixuan Hall, there was a sudden report.

"Report to the sect master!"

"Miraculous doctor Han is here to see you!"

"Han Li, what is he doing here all of a sudden?" Wang Juechu was stunned for a moment when he heard this, and looked at the other people, and found that there was something wrong with their eyes, and his heart shuddered.

Immediately, he showed the majesty of the sect master and scanned everyone around.

It implies that they should not act rashly.

Then he coughed lightly, and said in a deep voice: "Please ask Miracle Doctor Han to come in and talk."

"Yes, sect master." Soon, the footsteps outside the Qixuan Hall disappeared.

Everyone waited patiently for Han Li's arrival.

But after waiting for a long time, Han Li was still not seen coming in from the gate, and everyone felt suspicious and guessed.

"Where is Miracle Doctor Han?"


		