

The outer edge of Caixia Mountain.

Han Li looked at the Qixuan Gate from a distance, and was keenly aware of the obvious fighting situation coming from there, and he was horrified and shocked.

"I'm so far away, I can actually see the situation over there!"

"There must be more powerful cultivators coming."

"This place is dangerous, you can't stay for long, you need to run away as soon as possible."

The spiritual consciousness internally sees the position of the dantian under the body.

Han Li clearly noticed that the shadow that was originally less than the size of a soybean grain had now expanded to a very obvious situation.

This means that the unknown cold poison in his body is gradually onset.

There is not much time left for him to be safe.

"In that case, let's leave this place ahead of time."

"Go to Jiayuan City in Lanzhou first, and get the Nuanyang Baoyu from inside the Mo Mansion. In any case, the most important thing is to eliminate the hidden cold poison in the body."

Without the slightest hesitation or hesitation.

Han Li resolutely returned to his temporary cave and searched for all the cultivated common herbs.

Then get out of here quickly.

"Before the long journey, take a last look at your parents and younger sister."



It was at the same moment that Qin Hao used the flying sword talisman to kill the primordial spirit of the immortal cultivator in the foundation establishment period.

Far away in Jianzhou, Yue State, in the family of Murong, a family of immortal cultivators, the person who was ordered to monitor the status of the soul cards of important clansmen on weekdays, suddenly discovered that one of the soul cards named "Murong Qingqing" had shattered by itself.

A trace of primordial spirit fused inside the soul card condensed and deformed by itself.

A delicate, fair and immature figure manifested, which was obviously Qin Hao.

After counting time.

The illusory figure outlined by the residual spirit dissipated out of thin air like foam in water. Dissipating along with it was the last trace of Murong Qingqing's primordial spirit.

Seeing such a situation, the man who was ordered to guard suddenly turned pale with fright.

He hurriedly turned around and left the place, and quickly ran to where the patriarch Murong Ying was. After seeing the patriarch, the eloquence reported the important news just discovered.

"It's not good, patriarch!"

"Miss Qingqing's soul card is broken!"

"What did you say?!" Hearing this, the red-faced man in Chinese clothes who was sitting on the chair suddenly stood up, with a face full of disbelief, and asked loudly, "You said Qingqing's soul card is broken?"

"Yes, Patriarch, just now, I discovered that Miss Qingqing's soul card was suddenly broken." The man didn't dare to hesitate, and hurriedly reported what he had observed: "The source of the direction after the broken soul card is shown as Southwest position."

"And the figure of the murderer who killed Miss Qingqing looks like this..."

He spoke words in his mouth and waved his hands again and again.

Out of thin air, he used mana to outline the remnant figure of the secret method he had just seen, and displayed it in front of the patriarch Murong Ying.

"This person is so young!" Murong Ying was taken aback when she saw that figure, and she was so shocked that she was a little unbelievable: "The face is so immature, but he can kill Qingqing girl?!"

"Could it be that this person is also a cultivator in the early foundation period?!"

Guessing this possibility, although Murong Ying was extremely angry on the surface, she was very dignified in her heart.

Because the other party is too young.

So young, yet so advanced. As the patriarch and head of the family, he can naturally associate and understand the clues hidden in it.

Ordinary people simply don't have the resources to train such a young and powerful immortal cultivator.

Although their Murong family is one of the immortal cultivating families affiliated to Huang Fenggu, the great sect of cultivating immortals in Yue Kingdom, but among all the affiliated families, they are not so top-notch.

Only in the middle level.

The strongest person in the family is only in the middle stage of the Foundation Establishment Stage.

The loss of a young junior in the early stage of foundation building is definitely a traumatic event for the entire family.

"Qingqing is so young, not yet thirty-five years old, and she has a brighter future in the future!"

"And become the pillar of the family..."

The more she thought about it, the more angry she became, and Murong Ying didn't want to hold back this bad breath no matter what.

But he was afraid of kicking the iron plate directly, which would lead to a crisis for the whole family. After thinking for a while, he immediately ordered to speak out.

"Go, draw a portrait of this person, and send someone to investigate secretly first."

"If there is no strong background and backing, I want him to die without a place to bury him, and kill his whole family to pay for Qing Qing's life."

"If you have a big background, then bear with it for a while."

"Wait for the two Lei Lingen geniuses in the clan to grow up in the future, and then take revenge."

"Yes, patriarch!" The man responded seriously, and then left the place to deliver the patriarch's order.



at the same time.

In the cave inside Sunset Peak, the main peak of Caixia Mountain.

The orange light rewinds and converges, making the dark cave dark again. Qin Hao looked at the small orange light ball in his left hand, and saw a gold and silver rune light ball floating inside it.

This reminded him of the golden jade book that Han Lihui got, and the words on it were also so colorful.

But it was obvious that the thing in the orange light ball in his hand was not the golden jade book. Of this, he can be very sure.

Because the Jinque jade book is something recorded on a special jade tablet.

And this thing is just a ball of rune light, the difference is extremely obvious.

Qin Hao glanced at the situation of the reconnaissance technique, confirmed that it was in normal use, and then resolutely carried out detection and appraisal of the small orange light ball in his hand.

In the next moment, one piece of brand new information content appeared on the personal panel interface.

【Investigation target attribute】

Name: Demonic Sutra of Seven Emotions

Level: fairy level

Remarks: Seven emotions and seven desires, seven hearts and seven demons, seven sins and seven souls, seven weapons and seven uniqueness

"What is the content of this remark?" Qin Hao looked at the results of the investigation and identification, but was even more confused, and couldn't help guessing randomly in his mind: "Could it be some kind of cultivation technique?"

With doubts and curiosity in my heart.

He stuffed the small orange light ball in his hand into his body.

The orange light film shattered, and densely packed gold and silver two-color runes, like a long river of runes, rushed up and sank into his sea of ​​consciousness.

Immediately afterwards, all the gold and silver runes scattered and arranged themselves.

It is as bright and dazzling as the stars in the deep sky on the other side.

In the end, there was a bang, and then turned into ray after ray of light, Qi Qi submerged into his primordial spirit, allowing Qin Hao to directly understand the core theory of the scriptures of "Seven Emotions Transforming Demons".

Standing where he was, Qin Hao carefully sorted out what he had just realized.

Unconsciously, there was a touch of surprise in my heart.

"I guessed wrong!"

"The "Seven Emotions Transformation Demon Sutra" that I have collected is not the cultivation method I guessed at all."

"It turned out to be...!"


		