

From this guy's memory, Lei Wanhe searched for Murong Qingqing's trace.

Afterwards, it was this guy who was frightened by the cultivators of the Foundation Establishment Stage and fled away, not daring to show the slightest sign, so that something happened later.

He couldn't find out through soul searching at all.

And mortals don't even have a soul, so they can't bear to search for their souls.

After some personal investigation and search.

In the end, Lei Wanhe still couldn't find any traces of treasures, and this dilapidated and barren place didn't look like there were treasures at all.

"Wherever there are treasures, there will definitely be signs of large-scale disorder in the spiritual energy of the world."

"But there's no fart here!"

I personally probed the aura situation here with the spiritual consciousness of the alchemy stage, and there was no trace of large-scale abnormal fluctuations in the aura at all, and it was still so barren and peaceful.

This also made Lei Wanhe lose his last interest.

He turned around and left this place without hesitation, and continued to search for high-year elixir, treating the group of mortals below as nothing.

Mortals are not worthy of talking to Patriarch Jiedan.



It has been thousands of miles away from Caixia Mountain.

Seeing that it was getting late, Qin Hao took a temporary rest in a ruined temple in the mountains.

Randomly raise a bonfire with a common hare that has been skinned all the time. Taking advantage of the free time while roasting the hare, he took out all the storage bags he had obtained before.

Start looking through the loot one by one.

"The storage bag of the immortal cultivator in the foundation building period, it is really exciting to think about it." Qin Hao first picked up the delicate storage bag with plum blossoms on the surface, and poked into it with his spiritual sense.

Take everything out.

"Clatter...!"

A small pile of things was piled directly in front of him.

He quickly looked through the bottles and jars, and with his own knowledge of medicinal herbs and medicinal properties, he recognized that these elixirs were all related to healing and detoxification.

After that, there are low-grade spirit stones, more than five hundred pieces in total.

There are three undamaged instruments, a leaf-shaped mid-level flying instrument, Qiuli, and a water-attribute flag, the Water Element Banner, which is a high-level breath-holding instrument.

After that, there is a high-level defensive magic weapon in the style of a woman's dress.

As for the two different types of top-level instruments, they had been broken long ago and belonged to defective products, which were not counted by Qin Hao.

After that, there is a primary defensive array with an array flag.

"Um?"

"what is this?"

Suddenly, Qin Hao found an identity jade badge inside a pile of sundries.

When I picked it up, I saw a maple leaf pattern on the front and a person's name on the back.

"Yellow Maple Valley, Murong Qingqing."

"Murong's surname, there is a family of cultivators who take Murong as their surname."

"Is this girl related to the Murong family?"

Qin Hao secretly raised his vigilance, but did not choose to destroy this thing.

He intends to use this thing to fish for silence.

"Among the family of immortal cultivators in the Yue Kingdom, only the Yan family in Guyu Mountain has immortal cultivators at the alchemy stage."

"In all the rest of the immortal cultivating families, the strongest ones are only the immortal cultivators in the late stage of foundation establishment. But among the cultivating families affiliated to Huangfeng Valley, the Murong family is not very famous."

"Based on this information, the Murong family does not have any immortal cultivators in the late foundation establishment period."

With the bottom line in his heart, Qin Hao didn't panic too much.

Instead, he looked at these trophies, with a touch of disgust, and muttered in his mouth: "You are so poor, even worse than Master Jin Guang."

"That's the foundation-building stage cultivator."

Casually, he quickly counted the contents of the other storage bags.

Made a simple statistic.

A total of more than 1,100 low-grade spirit stones, plus his remaining 3,000 low-grade spirit stones, his assets have already approached the five thousand spirit stone mark.

There are two high-level instruments and seven intermediate instruments.

As for the top-level and low-level magic weapons that were looted, all of them were destroyed in the battle.

"With these low-grade spirit stones, I can directly buy some magic tools suitable for my own mana attributes when I look for a city of cultivators."

"Use a foreign magic weapon to cover up my own real trump card—spell."

Put away everything with a wave.

Qin Hao used the formation plate and formation flag to lay down a primary defensive formation.

Then he started to use the soul-splitting secret method in the "Seven Emotions Transformation Demon Sutra" to try to split one of his seven souls in preparation for the sacrifice of primitive weapons.

"Seven passions and seven desires, seven hearts and seven demons, seven crimes and seven souls, seven weapons and seven absolutes."

After carefully pondering this remark, Qin Hao repeatedly comprehended the secret method of dividing souls.

When you are hungry or thirsty, eat and drink something.

Before I knew it, a few days passed by quickly. Regarding the content of the scriptures in the soul-splitting secret method, he has thoroughly understood and understood them.

"Before you start, get a good night's sleep to relieve your mental state."

After replacing the energy spirit stones in the array, Qin Hao just slept directly inside the array.

After a while, he fell into a deep sleep state.

Soon, another day and night passed by again.

After waking up, Qin Hao had already regained his energy and was in good condition. He immediately used the secret method of soul separation without any hesitation.

At the same time, inside his sea of ​​consciousness.

The primordial spirit, who had already turned into the state of the primordial spirit, suddenly condensed and bloomed a ray of light in his body, tearing the next part of the primordial villain from the inside out in an instant.

Make it exist independently for a long time and become a new individual.

rather than simple separation.

"Ah ah ah ah ah……!"

At the same moment, Qin Hao couldn't help holding his head in his arms, and his eyes turned white.

Terrible trauma and severe pain came from the primordial spirit. The feeling was much stronger than someone splitting his head with a knife.

It nearly made him faint in pain.

Some delicate and immature faces suddenly turned pale and bloodless.

The slender body lying on the ground, even after a long time, was still twitching involuntarily, as if it had been broken by someone playing with it.

"Hoo hoo hoo...!"

Several hours passed before Qin Hao struggled to sit up from the ground.

Sitting cross-legged inside the formation, resisting the splitting headache, he proficiently used the "Da Ri Zhen Xing Guan Thoughts". The next moment, bright and soft sun rays poured down from the gap at the top of the ruined temple.

Affected by an inexplicable attraction.

Let the rays of the sun pass through the defensive formation and gather around Qin Hao.

It's like being in a bright flame.

at the same time.

Inside his upper dantian's sea of ​​consciousness, the hazy vision of the sun shrouded his small human body of primordial spirit.

The mysterious and extraordinary factors contained in the sun's rays are absorbed and deprived, like a vast nebula, floating and rotating around the villain of the primordial spirit.

It is absorbed and refined bit by bit by it, nourishing and strengthening the villain of the primordial spirit.

Gradually recover the trauma of the meta-mysterious method just now.


		