

Take a closer look.

The buddy of Zuimenglou obviously had an idea in his mind, and he gave Qin Hao his answer.

"This lock talisman is worth at most five low-grade spirit stones."

"Okay, five yuan is five yuan." Qin Hao handed the lock talisman and the talisman key to the assistant of Zuimenglou together, and said, "Use this thing as a deal, and give me another month." room."

"Okay, fellow daoist, wait a moment." The staff of Zuimenglou quickly took the lock talisman and talisman key, put the talisman in a miniature formation and manipulated it a few times to restore it to normal use.

Then take out two low-grade spirit stones.

Together with the talisman key that returned to normal, hand it to Qin Hao.

"Fellow Taoist, walk slowly."

Say hello casually.

He subconsciously twitched his nose and smelled a faint smell of medicine.

Turning his head to glance at the leaving figure, he didn't care much, and continued to busy himself with his own affairs. After all, it is very common for immortal cultivators to smell like medicine.



"There are three spirit stones left in total, and the financial resources are poor." Qin Hao put away the storage bag, and did not rush back, but wandered around the bluestone square again.

See if you can come across something that works for you.

As he walked past one stall after another, Qin Hao did find many useful items for him. But without exception, they are all expensive.

With his current financial resources, he couldn't afford it at all.

For example, the "Encyclopedia of Five Elements Elementary Spells" contains records of the use of matching spells for many common five elements elementary talismans, and the price is as high as ninety-three low-grade spirit stones.

After all, if you don't know the relevant talisman spells, you can't use those talismans normally.

Another example is another book "Fire Elementary Spell Encyclopedia", which records many elementary fire element spells, and the price is a full sixty-five low-grade spirit stones.

Even the lowest low-level low-level talismans require one or two low-grade spirit stones.

The price of elementary and middle-level defensive talismans like the Vajra Talisman even reached ten low-grade spirit stones. If it is an escape talisman, even if it is a primary talisman, it still costs dozens or even hundreds of low-grade spirit stones.

The more life-saving things, the higher the price.

"Can't afford it, really can't afford it!"

"I'm so poor!"

Walking around many stalls, Qin Hao felt more and more ashamed.

He could only watch helplessly as so many life-saving objects passed by in front of his eyes helplessly. It's not that he doesn't want to rob and rob, but that he can't fight at all.

The fourth floor of the Qi training period is considered a small success in Qi training.

As for his current level 3 cultivation during the Qi training period, he has not even reached the small Chengdu of Qi training.

"If you participate in a trade fair in the future, you must prepare more useful tradable items in advance." Qin Hao muttered to himself, his eyes still scanning the booth unwillingly.

Soon, another new stall of immortal cultivators appeared in front of them.

The stall owner is a cute little girl, looking at her age, she seems to be about the same age as herself, only in her teens.

She was wearing a rather delicate and delicate red dress.

His appearance and appearance are not so stunning, but just a little delicate, and his facial features are correct, which is very ordinary.

Qin Hao casually glanced at the other party, then looked at the stall she set up.

There were a few small cages on the booth, and there was a trapped little white rabbit inside. According to the sensory perception, each of these little white rabbits had a faint demonic aura.

Obviously, these are not ordinary little white rabbits, but the lowest level of monsters.

The strongest rabbit demons are only at the beginning of the first level. The weakest Rabbit Demon has almost no monster aura in his body.

Just a little stronger than ordinary beasts.

"These rabbit monsters are so weak, no wonder the business is deserted, and few people are willing to buy them."

Look carefully for a while.

Qin Hao was about to leave again when he suddenly thought of something.

"I used to collect items, and the collection targets were all ordinary life and non-life types."

"What about random collection of extraordinary life types?"

Suddenly thinking of this matter, Qin Hao felt that it was necessary for him to give it a try.

Although the collection of the gathering technique is all random collection. However, through the preliminary selection of collection targets, the general type of randomly collected items can also be affected to a certain extent.

Thinking about something in his mind, he paused slightly as he was about to leave.

It is very natural to turn back.

Seeing the hopeful look in the little girl's eyes, Qin Hao smiled and asked, "How do you sell these little white rabbits?"

"The Big Snow Rabbit Demon has nine low-grade spirit stones, and the Little Snow Rabbit Demon has two low-grade spirit stones." The little girl introduced it excitedly, and asked expectantly, "I wonder how many Snow Rabbit Demons you want?"

Hearing the price, Qin Hao's face twitched unconsciously.

I didn't expect such a weak rabbit monster to be sold so expensively.

Considering that exploring and researching collection techniques is the most important thing, he hesitated for a moment, then took out two low-grade spirit stones from the storage bag.

Pass it to the little girl stall owner.

"The small one on the left will do."

"Okay, Fellow Daoist!" The little girl hurriedly took the two low-grade spirit stones.

Then he lifted the little snow hare monster designated by Qin Hao, together with the entire cage, and handed it to Qin Hao.

"Oh, there is another low-grade spirit stone left."

"What a waste of time!"

Qin Hao took the cage handed over by the stall owner from the little girl, held it in his hand, and turned to leave the place.

After wandering around for a while, he looked at other stalls and saw that there was really nothing suitable for trading, so he walked back to his temporary residence.

When you come to Zuimenglou, use the talisman key to open the formation restriction.

Qin Hao stepped into it without hesitation, and walked directly to the closed room inside the small building. Enter it and check it carefully habitually.

After confirming that there is no problem.

Only then did he open the cage in his hand, and the little snow rabbit demon who was locked in it jumped out immediately.

Qin Hao precisely grabbed a pair of long ears with one hand.

"Little guy, I will use you to do an experiment to see what will be randomly collected."

Without any hesitation or hesitation, Qin Hao activated the collection technique again.

And the collection target is locked on the little snow bunny in the hand.

"Shua...!"

In an instant, a brilliant orange light emerged from the palm of his right hand.

Like gurgling water waves, it completely enveloped the little snow rabbit demon inside. At the same time, a new virtual collection progress bar appeared on the personal panel out of thin air.

It is walking towards Mange at a steady speed.

There is no aura fluctuation in the activation of the collection technique, and Qin Hao is not afraid of exposing any abnormalities inside the secret room, so he waits patiently for the collection technique to move to full capacity.

After a while, the familiar feeling reappeared.

The brilliant orange light rewinds and returns, and a new small orange light ball appears in his hand.


		