

The small restriction that shielded the breath and sound was easily broken by the ban-breaking dagger in the hands of shopkeeper Zhao without causing any abnormalities.

In order not to startle the snake, he tried to take it down in one fell swoop.

Qin Hao was not given the slightest chance to escape.

Shopkeeper Zhao didn't scan with his consciousness, but cautiously came to the tent with the help of a special mask that can hide and shield his consciousness.

"Baby, I want to come in!"

"Hey hey...!"

He held the dagger in his left hand, and opened the door of the tent with the palm of his right hand.

The whole person rushed in extremely bravely.

"Rob, give all the treasures on you...?!"

Suddenly, shopkeeper Zhao felt something was wrong.

He looked forward, and saw a young Taoist priest with white face and beardless looking at him, with a look of astonishment and bewilderment, as if he didn't expect that he would be robbed.

Beside the honest young Taoist priest, there were several immortal cultivators in the late stages of Qi training.

All of them looked in shock and astonishment at Shopkeeper Zhao who suddenly broke into the door.

Heisha taught everyone: "???"

Shopkeeper Zhao: "!!!"

The person who came was wearing a mask and holding a dagger, trying to rob them forcibly, with a confident and brave look of confidence.

Treat so many masters of them as nothing.

"Could it be that this person came after him, taking advantage of this opportunity to test?!"

This made the Heisha Sect members' hearts sink suddenly, thinking that their identities had been exposed.

They were secretly discussing the blood sacrifice of the Heisha Cult. There were small restrictions on the outside, and there were several immortal cultivators who had surpassed the tenth floor of the Qi training period.

With so many people, none of them noticed the other party's sneaking in.

It seems that the other party must have come prepared.

"Murder must be killed, and the news must not be leaked!"

Everyone quickly brainstormed here.

At this moment, all the cultivators of the Heisha Sect who were staying inside the tent looked at Shopkeeper Zhao one by one, and their eyes gradually changed from shock and shock to dangerous and unkind.

And at the same moment.

Shopkeeper Zhao's expression hidden under the mask changed from surprise, to astonishment, to shock, and finally to panic.

His face suddenly became pale and bloodless.



The imp who had been cultivated in the gourd as early as the magic weapon was the first moment when he was beheaded and destroyed.

Qin Hao immediately felt something was wrong.

"Could it be that the kid was discovered by the Heisha Sect?!"

"It seems that that direction must be where the trap encircled by the Heisha Sect is located. It must not go there, and it cannot stay here for a long time."

"You can take revenge later, but you only have one life."

"The wind is blowing!"

Without any hesitation or hesitation.

Qin Hao decisively changed the direction and ran through the woods at the fastest speed.

The whole person is like a gust of wind, under the cooperation of Yufeng Jue and Luo Yanbu, he walks on the rough wilderness and forests as if walking on flat ground.

The figure is as fast as a ghost, as fast as a thunder.

"Mom, it's too dangerous outside!"

"Slip away...!"

He had just escaped a few miles away.

In the dark night in the distance, there were bursts of desperate and frightened screams suddenly sounded hoarse.

"Ah ah ah ah ah……!"

The sound suddenly appeared, startling the flying birds.

Also frightened, Qin Hao ran even faster, without the slightest intention of entering Guanggui City, and ran away from here overnight.



The second day, early morning.

It is more than five hundred miles away from the north of Guanggui City.

Qin Hao, who had been running all night, finally stopped gradually. He sat on a big rock near the river beach, taking the opportunity to rest and recover his physical strength and mana.

After several hours.

Near noon, the fire attribute mana in the body was fully restored.

"The cultivation base is too low, it's really dangerous to go out!"

"It's possible to lose your life at any time."

Qin Hao secretly sighed, and casually took out the little snow rabbit monster that had been killed from the inside of the storage bag, skillfully skinned it and let the blood out.

Simple treatment by the river.

Then, holding the processed body of the Little Snow Rabbit Demon in one hand, with a white phoenix emerging from the palm of the other hand, he began to make barbecues manually.

"Zizizi...!"

Under the high temperature baking, the fat is rolling and dripping along the skin.

It quickly becomes a crispy brown.

Affected by Bai Fengyan's special power of creation, the quality of this barbecue meat itself has undergone many subtle changes, and it has become something similar to nourishing spiritual food.

Wait until it is fully cooked.

Qin Hao couldn't wait to open his mouth, took a bite of the barbecue, and his eyes lit up immediately.

"It's so delicious without using any seasoning!"

"As expected, it's monster meat with aura!"

After chewing it casually a few times, he swallowed it down and continued to gobble it up.

It didn't take long.

Qin Hao noticed that the roast meat he ate into his stomach was quickly decomposed and digested, and transformed into nutrients that nourished and restored his own physical strength and mana.

It doesn't even need to be actively refined, it can be absorbed naturally.

"Um?!"

"Even the mana consumed by the barbecue just now can recover some!"

"The use of the white phoenix flame seems to have more places to explore. At least in alchemy and cooking, it has unique advantages."

Secretly remembering the personal experience just now, Qin Hao threw away the empty bone in his hand.

Started to continue walking.



Unconsciously.

More than two months passed quickly.

Using the mana of a higher cultivation level to activate Yufengjue, the speed of the long-distance journey is indeed much faster than before Qin Hao came.

It took just over two months.

He left the scope of Lanzhou and another nearby big state, and entered the territory of the big state adjacent to Jingzhou.

"While hurrying, comprehend the fourth level of the "Burning Flame Hell God Art"."

"Finally figured out all the details."

Qin Hao looked up at the sky, the sun was at noon at the moment.

The sun was shining brightly, and it was extremely bright.

Enough to be called a good weather.

"Today's weather is good, just to use it to break through the fourth layer of "Burning Flame Hell God Art"."

Turning his head to look at the surrounding environment, Qin Hao took the initiative to leave the main road and ran towards the interior of the nearby forest.

Not long after, he appeared on the top of a cliff.

In the crevices of the jagged rocks, there is also a vigorous ancient pine rooted and growing, with luxuriant branches, green leaves, and vigorous internal vitality.

"Here it is!"

Qin Hao sat cross-legged directly under the vigorous ancient pine.

Reining in his mind, he began to break through the fourth layer of "Burning Flame Hell God Art".

Under the premise of fully understanding and understanding the core premise of the scriptures of the fourth level of practice, this breakthrough promotion was almost a matter of course, and it was a natural success.

The aura of heaven and earth in all directions was drawn into Qin Hao's body.

When the mana in the body grows to the fourth stage.

The power that was supposed to allow immortal cultivators to give birth to the primordial spirit and divine consciousness has changed.


		