

this moment.

All the members of the Qixuan Sect who stayed on the Sunset Peak felt that miracle again.

The brilliant orange light, like the waves of water, envelops the entire Sunset Peak silently. And they themselves stood on it, but they couldn't feel the slightest abnormality.

"This kind of large-scale light again?!"

The head of the sect, Wang Juechu, was shocked and frightened when he saw this.

I'm afraid that if things go on like this, the news will spread and attract some vicious immortals, which will lead to the destruction of the Qixuanmen.

But besides fear, he also has greed and covetousness.

"In such a scene, there must be immortal treasures inside the Qixuanmen."

"If I get the fairy treasure myself and become a real fairy, wouldn't it be much better than being the master of an ordinary martial arts sect?"

Wang Juechu and other hall masters and elders hurried out of the Seven Profound Hall.

Come outside on the open stone ground.

I saw that the entire Sunset Peak was glowing under my feet, but this time, everything was normal except for the Sunset Peak and other nearby peaks.

Did not show the slightest difference.

"Could it be that the mysterious fairy treasure is inside this Sunset Peak?!"

As the current sect master of Qixuan Sect, Wang Juechu clearly knows that Sunset Peak is not like ordinary mountain peaks, both inside and outside are substantive.

Instead, there is an extremely wide and deep mysterious cave.

The mountain collapse mechanism trap secretly installed on the Sunset Peak exists because of that mysterious cave. There are very few people inside Qixuanmen who know this news.

"It seems that we will spend a lot of time in the future to secretly explore the mysterious and deep cave inside Sunset Peak."

"If there is a fairy treasure, that is the most likely place to exist."

Looking at the glowing ground under his feet, Wang Juechu was excited and worried.



In anxious and patient waiting.

Qin Hao noticed that the collection progress bar on the personal virtual interface finally slowly reached the full completion state.

at the same time.

His own mind and consciousness once again felt the familiar tightness and tolerance.

"Shua...!"

The right hand clinging to the mountain wall was lifted abruptly.

Yingying's light wave returned like flowing water, and condensed into a small orange light ball not as big as a baby's fist in the palm of his right hand.

Not in a hurry to check the items collected this time, Qin Hao left the place quickly.

He didn't want his traces to be noticed by the people inside Qixuanmen.

After some speeding, he shifted his position, crossing a distance of tens of miles at a very high speed, and left the headquarters of Qixuanmen.

It appears on the edge of the Caixia Mountain range.

It wasn't until this moment that Qin Hao was in the mood to check the collected items this time.

Spreading the five fingers of his right hand, he looked down and saw a group of bright and blazing five-color light clusters inside the translucent orange light film.

"Hiss, it's too dazzling!"

"I can't see the specific shape at all."

With just a quick glance, he had to avert his eyes from observing carefully.

The visual scene just now gave him a déjà vu feeling of looking directly at the noon sun, which was so dazzling that it made tears flow from the corners of his eyes, and his eyes turned pale for a while.

Almost fainted.

It took a while for his eyes to return to normal.

"It's so bright, but it's somewhat similar to the "Thoughts on the Great Sun's True Form" collected earlier."

"Could it be an item of the same level?"

Guessing this possibility, Qin Hao couldn't care less about fully recovering his binocular vision.

He opened his eyes slightly again, focused on the small orange ball of light in the palm of his hand from the corner of his eye, and used the reconnaissance technique of recooling and recovery.

"Shua...!"

In the next moment, streams of information flowed automatically on the personal virtual panel.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Five Elements Spiritual Root

Level: fairy level

Remarks: The five elements unite, return to one body, mutual generation and mutual restraint, perfect harmony, Taoist law, all transformations return to the ruins

"This time, it turned out to be... Five Elements Immortal Root?!" Qin Hao stood there in shock when he saw the scouting information on his virtual interface.

The slightly immature and young face was full of disbelief.

"I'm going to really start taking off!"

"I don't know what kind of experience it is to cultivate with fairy roots?"

At this moment, the fairy-level light spirit root placed inside the storage bag was directly ignored by Qin Hao and completely ignored.

Only the bright little light ball with five colors in his hand exists.

The corners of his mouth raised slightly, and he couldn't help revealing an uncontrollable smile. Raising his right hand, he pressed the little ball of light towards his body without hesitation.

At the same time, he controlled it with his mind to release the blockage of the orange light film.

"Bo...!"

The light film shattered and turned into a brilliant orange light spot.

Enveloped by the extremely dazzling five-color light cluster, it quickly sank into Qin Hao's own body. At this moment, he felt an extremely complicated feeling.

There is a strange sense of repulsion, as if something has been forcibly repelled.

And with its own essential sense of integration.

"So sad!"

"There's something strange... it's about to spray out!"

Qin Hao's body shook for a while, and suddenly fell to the ground.

All the skin pores on the whole body opened at the same time in an instant, and the three spiritual roots of water, fire, and wood that were once fused were being repelled by a stronger force at this moment.

It comes from the five elements fairy root.

The three spiritual roots of water, fire, and wood were forcibly squeezed out, turning into a mist of three colors, spraying out from the pores of the whole body.

Then it dissipated into the air again out of thin air.

A pure spiritual root, without the constraints of special power, cannot exist independently at all, and it cannot even be explored.

At this moment, with the complete abandonment of the three spiritual roots of water, fire and wood.

The brand new and more powerful Five Elements Immortal Root is merging with Qin Hao in an orderly manner to form a community.

The divine consciousness subconsciously looks at oneself.

He felt a dazzling five-color fairy light blooming in his body.

It is like five-color galaxies one after another, with a majestic and majestic atmosphere that shocks the mind, rapidly spreading to all parts of his body, infecting and assimilating, without boundaries.

Looming.

Qin Hao's spiritual sense was still inside those five-color fairy lights, and he vaguely noticed the dense and complicated mysterious symbols.

It is like the real manifestation of the Dao pattern, and it is also like the law changing birth and death.

Brilliant as the sea of ​​stars in the universe.

"Click, click...!"

The five-color fairy light that bloomed from the five-element fairy root quickly spread to Qin Hao's interior and exterior.

Let some of the mysteries of the five elements naturally contained in the interior merge into his body and soul, and once again forcefully push him to be reborn and reborn in Nirvana.

The old skin naturally fell off one after another.

The discarded blood and bones were pulverized into fine powder and squeezed out from his pores.

Let him instantly become a blood man.


		