

Seeing these two cultivators suddenly die suddenly.

Only then did Qin Hao realize that he had somewhat underestimated the power of his spells, and used this to roughly estimate his actual combat power.

With an idea in mind, he immediately changed his cautious and weak appearance just now.

He began to openly reveal his real body, with a sinister smile unconsciously showing on his fair and smooth face, without hiding his aura.

He changed his obedience and struck out decisively.

"Jie jie jie...!"

"It turned out to be just three weak chickens. I was so scared that I thought it was some powerful and difficult character, and I was careful for a long time."

"Since that's the case..."

Qin Hao raised his right hand.

Just about to cast the spell again to send her on her way.

"No, fellow daoist, do it slowly!" Seeing this, Mrs. Honglian's pretty face turned pale, and she hastily exclaimed, "I have a big secret related to Patriarch Jiedan that I would like to share with you. I hope fellow Taoists can show mercy."

"Oh? What's the big secret?" Qin Hao couldn't help but slow down his hands when he heard this, and immediately asked, "Tell me, what's the big secret?"

"Fellow daoist, please swear the oath of the heart demon first. After I tell the secret, fellow daoist will not go back on my word and attack and kill me suddenly." Mrs. Honglian resisted the pressure and put forward her own conditions with difficulty.

"Yes!" Qin Hao's face suddenly became serious, and he said very seriously: "I am Mo Juren, and here I make an oath to the demons. If I kill this woman, I will definitely die without a place to die."

As soon as the words fell, he felt a special power in the dark, and there was a slight fluctuation.

Then everything disappeared without a trace, as if nothing had happened.

Qin Hao's heart trembled, and he felt himself carefully with his extraordinary talent, and he was sure that there was nothing abnormal about him, so he immediately felt relieved.

It is guessed that the thing should be the dead master Mo Juren who pestered him.

"Master, you have been killed by me anyway, there are no bones left, no dead body, so why not make another offering for me."

"If apprenticeship is not for use as a shield, it will be meaningless."

On the surface, Qin Hao showed a kind and innocent appearance with a smile on his face.

Waving his hand to actively dissipate the winding technique, the flowers, plants, trees and vines that were mutated by the mana immediately retracted quickly and returned to their original shape.

There are even some flowers and plants that withered and died directly.

Without the external pressure to control the strangulation, Mrs. Honglian immediately showed a relaxed look of relief, and said proactively: "The big secret I want to talk about is..."

"Go to hell!"

Before the words were finished, an unknown object resembling a flying knife was swiftly shot out.

It turned into a ray of brilliant streamer, and shot towards Qin Hao's eyebrows, rushing like red lightning. Before it got close, Qin Hao felt his scalp tingling.

The area between the brows instinctively produces a sense of stress and death crisis.

"What a treacherous and cunning woman!"

Qin Hao resolutely instant fireball.

A black fireball the size of a washbasin also condensed into shape in an instant, and precisely hit the terrifying flying knife-like object that looked like a red lightning bolt.

"boom……!"

As soon as the two sides came into contact, a violent explosion suddenly occurred.

The black fireball was exploded by the explosion, and the flying knife-shaped object was instantly annihilated into ashes by the destruction and incineration effect of the black fireball.

"This is impossible!"

"How could you block it...!"

Before Madam Honglian could finish her words, she let out a shrill scream.

A thick, sharp, hard soil thorn pierced out from the ground under her feet at a very high speed, piercing through her body unstoppably, and the tip emerged from her chest.

The bright red warm blood spurted out from her mouth and the wound like a fountain.

"You... how dare you...!" Madam Honglian opened her mouth, and blood gushed out again, staining her clothes red.

"Shua...!"

Another thick and sharp ice pick plunged down from the sky.

It was directly stabbed into Madam Honglian's mouth, killing her on the spot, and the primordial spirit in the sea of ​​consciousness was frozen and torn apart by the ice cone technique.



same moment.

Caixia Mountain Qixuanmen, Shenshou Valley extremely deep.

It was at the moment when Qin Hao did it himself, violated the oath of the heart demon, and forcibly killed Mrs. Honglian.

The tomb of Mo Juren without the tombstone and the small earth bag that Han Li had tidied up suddenly exploded by itself under the action of a mysterious force, and the tomb was lifted.

The ashes hidden inside were scattered and floating in the air.

Disappeared with a gust of mountain wind.



Near Qingniu Town.

Qin Hao, who was about to search for the loot, couldn't help but stare blankly. He felt that he seemed to have seen some strange hallucinations.

Vaguely saw a small mound exploded.

Something flew out of it, and then disappeared out of thin air.

"what happened?"

He blinked subconsciously, everything in front of him was still as usual.

No changes occurred.

"Wait, the surroundings of that small mound just now seem familiar." Qin Hao came back to his senses, and subconsciously showed a strange expression: "There... seems to be the God's Hand Valley inside the Qixuanmen?"

"Could it be that the oath I just lied to people has actually come true?"

"Really let Mo Juren die without a place to bury him?"

Thinking of this possibility, Qin Hao's expression became much more serious.

This means that the actual effect of the rules of heaven and earth involved in the oath has far exceeded his expectations, and it is really impossible to swear casually.

"Really being in it is far from being as simple as being watched by an outsider in the previous life."

"We will have to pay more attention to this in the future."

After thinking about it, Qin Hao took out his immortal cultivation diary from the storage bag.

Put a cross on the first line related to Mo Juren.

"The grievances between you and me are over."

After finishing this, he put the diary of cultivating immortals back into the storage bag.

Then he came to the corpses of the three malicious followers, pulled off the storage bags and spirit beast bags on their bodies, and took away the magic weapons scattered in the flesh and blood.

While leaving this place, he walked towards Qingniu Town outside.

While using mana or divine sense to explore these three storage bags of different quality grades.

"The low-grade spirit stones are less than two hundred yuan in total, and there are pitifully few elementary-level talismans." Qin Hao casually explored and curled his lips: "It's really a bunch of poor ghosts. The three of them combined are not as good as Master Jin Guang."

"I waited so long for nothing."

Put those three storage bags away.

He took a look at the low-level spirit beast bag, and began to look around for the first-level weak chicken monster that he had sensed before.

After a while, he was found and captured back inside the spirit beast bag.

Then strode away from here.


		