

Hearing these words, the waiter in the shop immediately bowed to Qin Hao, and took the initiative to lead him into a private room on the second floor.

Then turn around and leave here quickly.

Qin Hao sat by the window, watching the people coming and going outside, his thoughts were uncertain.

"Looking at the map, I want to go to Guanggui City in Lanzhou. The most convenient, safest, and most efficient way is to go to Jiayuan City, the transportation hub of Lanzhou."

"Then use Jiayuan City as a transfer area for waterway traffic to carry out diversion navigation."

"The traveling time must be calculated at least in terms of 'months'. After all, there are two big states between Lanzhou and Jingzhou."

Not long after, he heard a knock on the door of the room.

"Tuk-tuk-tuk...!"

"Come in!"

As soon as the words fell, the door of the room was opened.

Qin Hao turned his head to look, and saw a fat man with a round face and a mustache coming in, and he was holding a wooden tray in his hand.

There is a pot of tea and a white porcelain teacup on it.

"I don't know this senior's name, what's your order?" Fatty Han put down the things in his hand, poured some tea, and asked respectfully.

Compared with the outsiders like him, the insiders are all their top figures.

After all, that is the real core elite of Qixuanmen.

"Miangui's surname is Qin, and Han Li is my senior brother." Qin Hao looked at Fatty Han, who had a look of surprise in his eyes, and asked directly, "Is there a team going to Huashi Town recently?"

Hearing this, Fatty Han seriously thought about it.

Immediately responded.

"In three days, there will be a caravan to deliver goods to Huashi Town."

"Help me arrange it." Qin Hao took out an ingot of silver from his pocket, put it on the wooden table in front of Fatty Han, and said, "At that time, prepare a batch of dry food and water for me."

"And two changes of clothes and boots."

"Hey, no problem." Fatty Han didn't accept the money, hesitated for a moment, and then took the opportunity to ask another question: "Dare to ask this senior brother, how is Han Li now?"

"He's fine, don't worry." Qin Hao briefly mentioned Han Li's current situation, and Fatty Han felt relieved.

Finally, he said that what he ordered must be done.

Without confiscating any money, he resigned and left here. After a while, one dish after another of good food was brought up by the waiter in the shop and placed in front of Qin Hao.

He picked up his chopsticks and ate his meal calmly.



Three days passed in a flash.

Qin Hao took the dry food, water, and a change of clothes that Fatty Han had prepared, and joined the caravan heading for Huashi Town.

The costumes of inner disciples of Qixuanmen are worn on the body.

Here, it is a symbol of strength and status, and no one dares to mess with it. The only wild wolf gang that dared to provoke, has now completely collapsed.

Qixuanmen is the leader of the leader with a radius of hundreds of miles.

It is the only remaining overlord-level force in the vicinity.

Relying on this suit of clothes and the caravan's own protection force, it took ten days to reach Huashi Town safely.

After that, Qin Hao left alone.

Under the guidance of Yu Zitong in the Sea of ​​Consciousness, he went to an uninhabited deep mountain and old forest.



The grass is deep and the forest is dense, primitive and vast.

The chirping of various birds, the roaring of animals, and the many sounds of insects, etc., resounded in the forest one after another.

It shows a piece of original natural style.

Three days later, between the tree trunk and the branches, a young figure who was not too tall was walking quickly on different branches. The figure was flexible and vigorous.

There was no abnormal movement.

"Have you reached the place you mentioned? Are you lying to me?" Qin Hao said with a simple and puzzled expression, "If you dare to lie to me, I will not help you find a body suitable for seizing the body gone."

Hearing Qin Hao's words, Yu Zitong sneered secretly, feeling a little complacent.

On the surface, he was comforted by kind words.

"Don't worry, little brother."

"If I lie to anyone, I won't lie to you. I still count on you to help me, so how could I lie to you?"

"It's in the ravine ahead. That fellow Mo Juren harmed my dharma body, took some life-saving pills from me, and threw my body directly into the ravine."

Recalling this incident, Yu Zitong was extremely annoyed.

I can't wait to cut Mo Juren into pieces.

Qin Hao heard Yu Zitong's direction, and continued to drive for a while, and appeared on a somewhat steep hillside.

Stand on a high place and look down.

But I saw the grass was deep and the forest was dense, and I couldn't see clearly. He had no choice but to use Yufeng Jue, flew downwards, and landed safely at the bottom of the ravine.

The light here is a little dim, and the climate is a little humid and cold.

But fortunately, it has little effect on Qin Hao.

After some careful searching, he finally saw bones scattered on the ground in a lush forest.

Not even a trace of flesh and blood remained.

"Is it this?" Qin Hao asked again.

"That's it!" Yu Zitong noticed the scene outside, and immediately yelled angrily: "Damn Mo Juren, let me throw my body into the wilderness, and be divided and gnawed into bones by wild animals and insects."

"Since it's this, then you can go to hell." At this moment, Qin Hao's personality changed suddenly, and he directly used "Da Ri Zhen Xing Guan Thoughts".

In an instant, the primordial spirit in his sea of ​​consciousness became extremely bright and mighty.

It's like a round of some illusory extraordinary sun.

Error 504 (Server Error)!!1504.That’s an error.There was an error. Please try again later.That’s all we know.

"This is impossible……!"

Sensing the appearance of an inexplicable attraction, Yu Zitong was terrified, thinking that Qin Hao was going to use some terrifying attack method of spiritual consciousness.

Hastily escaped from his sea of ​​consciousness in a panic, and quickly flew to the distance.

"Shua...!"

A small fireball rose across the sky and hit Yu Zitong's soul with precision.

Kill it completely here.

"How could I know the method of attacking with consciousness? It's purely to scare you." Qin Hao stopped "Da Ri Zhen Xing Guan Thoughts" again, curled his lips in disdain, and thought to himself: "Scared by visions, it's really real. I was frightened out once."

"If it's always hidden in my body, it won't be so easy for me to deal with it."

Get rid of such a hidden danger.

Only then did Qin Hao relax his long-strained vigilance, and began to search carefully in this desolate forest area, looking for the storage bag belonging to Yu Zitong.

Searched until near evening.

He just found the storage bag that fell with the corpse in a wild grass.

Sweeping through it with divine sense, one can clearly perceive that there is another small space in the small bag, which is no bigger than a palm.

There are still some things in it.


		