

after a long time.

Qin Hao's consciousness returned to the real state.

He recalled the instructions that steward Zhang gave them during the day, and he thought it was an opportunity.

"Let us half-grown teenagers enter the Qixuanmen as undercover agents?"

"It's a good idea and a good calculation."

"However, with the help of the Wild Wolf Gang's secret support, it will also make it easier for me to join the Qixuan Sect and find a way to obtain that piece of cultivation technique."

These people who can be regarded as secret undercover agents have been secretly trained by the Wild Wolf Gang for at least several months, and they will not become panicked when they encounter anything.

Of course, Qin Hao understands that they are at best the eyes and ears of the real Anzi.

Even at critical moments, he was used as a disaster-proof substitute for Zhen Anzi.

The person responsible for delivering the secret news must be someone else, an elite member of the Wild Wolf Gang who is valued, not a group of half-grown teenagers like them.

"As long as you can sneak into the Qixuanmen, that's enough."

Thinking about it, Qin Hao gradually fell asleep.



The second day, early morning.

The sky is just getting brighter, and the sun has not yet risen.

The door of the closed room was kicked open, awakening Qin Hao, Li Si, Zhang Hu and others.

"Wake up for me, don't sleep!"

Before anyone arrived, a loud voice came in ahead of time.

Qin Hao and Li Si hurriedly sat up, their drowsiness receded quickly, and they saw a burly man walk into the door with a fierce look on his face.

They quickly got dressed and got out of bed obediently.

Only Zhang Hu was left lying on the bed.

"Mr. Ge, sleep with your uncle!" The burly man came over cursing, kicked Zhang Hu, and kicked him off the bed.

"Uh huh...!"

Zhang Hu exhaled in pain, his complexion became paler and uglier.

There was a hint of pain and unbearable color faintly.

He wanted to struggle to stand up, but he felt extremely weak and weak. He tried several times, but he couldn't stand up.

Instead, let yourself become out of breath.

Seeing this, the big man bent down and held Zhang Hu in his hand with one hand.

It's as easy as carrying a little chick.

"All of you, come with me."

After finishing speaking, the big man walked out of the room first, and walked to a hidden place outside.

Qin Hao and others followed behind, came there, and met Zhang Guanshi who was in charge of the matter. This person is round and fat, with a compassionate and kind look on his face.

But being able to serve as a steward within the Wild Wolf Gang is obviously not as simple as it seems on the surface.

Seeing people coming, Manager Zhang began to give these people careful instructions, first threatening with words, and then using money as a lure.

He coaxed these half-grown boys into the carriage and rushed towards the direction of Qixuanmen.

"Da da da……!"

Hearing the rhythmic sound of horseshoes outside.

Qin Hao squeezed to the corner, habitually shrinking behind everyone.

Looking at the approaching Caixia Mountain through the gap in the window, he suddenly recalled a well-known ancient legend nearby.

"Caixia Mountain was originally called Luofeng Mountain. It is said that a five-color phoenix fell here and turned into this mountain."

"I wonder if this legend is true?"

He recalled carefully, but found that the time had passed so long that he had forgotten it himself.

It is difficult to determine its authenticity at this time.

"If the legend is true, what will I get if I collect it with the collection technique?"

After thinking about it, Qin Hao became a little bit looking forward to it.

But now, the cooling time of harvesting technique is as long as one year. There are still several hours left in the cooldown of the scouting technique, so there is no way to confirm anything.

"Just wait and try later."



Go all the way, about half an hour later.

The carriage was parked under the shade of a tree, and the door was opened by a thin man with a beard, his eyes signaled Qin Hao, Li Si and others to come down.

Several half-grown teenagers got off the carriage and stood here waiting patiently.

Not long after, three men and women wearing Qixuanmen costumes came here, glanced at the skinny man, and silently greeted him.

"The person is handed over to you, and I am leaving."

After speaking, he drove the carriage, turned around and left the place.

Only a group of young boys and the people who came to meet them were left.

"The ones with good muscles and bones will be placed in the ranks of Qixuanmen disciples, and the rest will be placed as handymen." The three people who responded quickly looked at Qin Hao and others, and divided them up.

Each of them took one to three teenagers and walked in other directions.

Separate themselves.

Qin Hao, Li Si, and a middle-aged man with a philistine face were left on the spot soon, with a mustache on his upper jaw.

"You two, stay in the big kitchen of Qixuanmen to work in the future. Just ask me to manage things."

"If there is anything, I will tell you."

Steward Zhou stroked his mustache with his hand, and warned again: "Remember, if you dare to betray and betray, the gang will make you understand what three knives and six holes are."

"Even if you escape to the ends of the earth, you will be captured."

"However, if you work hard, money will naturally be indispensable to you."

"Thank you, Manager Zhou, for your advice!" Qin Hao quickly responded with a flattering smile on his face.

Seeing this appearance, Li Si beside him was stunned for a moment, and then he reacted belatedly, and quickly followed suit, showing an awkward smile to Zhou Guanshi.

"Hey hey hey...!"

Seeing this, Zhou Guanshi quickly rated the two of them in his heart.

And secretly had an idea of ​​arrangement.

"This stupid boy, let him stay in the back kitchen as a transfer person."

"That boy is not bad."

Didn't stay here much.

Zhou Guanshi led Qin Hao and Li Si to head towards Qixuanmen from another direction.



There are internal acquaintances from Qixuanmen as guarantees.

Qin Hao and Li Si, after they succeeded, entered the big kitchen of Qixuanmen to work in the big kitchen of Qixuanmen, helping the chefs, doing chores and other things.

And that steward Zhou is in charge of the purchase of kitchen supplies and other things, and can often go down the mountain.

The actual power is not small.

After arranging for the two to register their identities and receive the costumes of the martial servants and other things. Zhou Guanshi also sent someone to introduce the location of various important places inside Qixuanmen to the two of them.

Prevent them from not knowing the way, going to places they shouldn't go, and unexpected situations.

After some busy work, it was soon evening.

At this moment, the scenery of Caixia Mountain is extremely beautiful. At the sunset peak, the main peak of Qixuanmen, the sunset glow is shining, and the colors are colorful.

Magnificent and colorful like a fairyland, dazzling to incredible.

Five different bright colors, very conspicuous. It is completely different from the natural scenery in other nearby places, which is very special and mysterious.

Such a scene also made Qin Hao feel more hopeful.


		