

Looking at the young boy in his teens in front of him, the Taoist priest was extremely satisfied.

"Low cultivation, special physique."

"A good quality hunting game."

In his spiritual sense induction.

The fire attribute aura in the air around Qin Hao was far more active than other auras.

In this case, it means that the other party is a low-level immortal cultivator with a special physique, and it is also a special physique related to the fire attribute.

If it weren't for this, he wouldn't have looked at this kind of weak chicken on the second floor of the Qi training period.

At this time, I heard the sincere inquiry of the young boy.

With a warm and benevolent smile on his face, the Taoist slapped Qin Hao like a spring breeze, and said: "Poverty Taoist is now placing orders in the Qingniu Crown of Woniu Mountain, but he is a Taoist priest."

"Tao name: Pine pattern."

"Come on, Pindao will introduce some other fellow Taoists to you." With a friendly smile on his face, Taoist Songwen took the initiative to introduce another man with a beard and a big ax on his back, and said: "This is Fellow Daoist of Centipede Ridge, Gu Yue Loose Cultivator."

Afterwards, Taoist Songwen stretched out his hand to signal again, and looked at another beautiful young woman in a black dress and a black veil, with an extremely enchanting figure.

Introduced to Qin Hao out of his mouth.

"As for this fellow Taoist, she is Mrs. Jinling from Jinji Mountain."

Then Taoist Songwen looked at another young woman in a green skirt, smiled helplessly at Qin Hao, and said, "As for this fellow Taoist, the little brother has already dealt with him just now."

"It's the layman Zuiyue from Cangyu Mountain."

After briefly introducing the personnel on his side, Taoist Songwen looked at the young boy with a special physique and said, "I don't know what to call the little brother?"

"Han Li, I'm from Heifengzhai." Qin Hao arched his hands, and said with a sincere expression, "Han is a newcomer, his cultivation level is superficial, and he hasn't seen much in the world."

"I also hope that the seniors can take care of them."

Those black and white eyes stared at the Taoist priest who called himself "Song Wen".

I muttered in my heart for a while.

"So Songwen looks like this?"

"So hard to win over casual cultivators during the Qi training period, it seems that the Heisha Sect inside the Yue Kingdom Palace has already begun to disperse their actions."

"Now that you're pulling me into the gang, are you thinking of making me a sacrifice to the Heisha Sect?"

Thinking about things in his mind, Qin Hao's smile became brighter and brighter.

On his face was an innocent and ignorant newcomer to cultivating immortals.

"Daoist Songwen, Mr. Han just entered the world of cultivating immortals not long ago. He is still a pure newcomer. He doesn't know many things, and he doesn't understand much."

"Can the Taoist chief explain to me what are the things in these stalls?"

"What's the use?"

After finishing speaking, Qin Hao opened his eyes wide.

The look he looked at Taoist Songwen was extremely sincere, without the slightest pretense.

"This...!" Taoist Songwen scolded secretly, "There are so many things to do", and he wanted to take advantage of Tainan Xiaohui's time to win over and coax other casual cultivators.

How can there be time to explain the purpose of those immortal cultivation items for a person who is about to die in his eyes.

Thoughts turned quickly in his mind. On the surface, Taoist Priest Songwen still had the expression of a kind and simple old man, and said helplessly: "Fellow Daoist Han, we still have few companions now."

"In the face of those immortal cultivators with excellent magic tools and many treasures, they are still not enough to protect themselves."

"How about this, Pindao continues to look for suitable fellow Taoists, recruit them into the group, and strengthen our self-protection power." Taoist Songwen turned his head and glanced at the beautiful young woman in black dress, then turned to Qin Hao and said, "Let Jinling Madame will accompany you first and explain some common items for cultivating immortals to Fellow Daoist Han."

"I don't know what Fellow Daoist Han and Fellow Daoist Jin Ling think?"

"Mr. Han, thank you Senior Songwen for your success." Qin Hao smiled pleasantly, then turned his head to look at the beautiful young woman in black dress, and asked Xiyi, "I don't know Senior Jin Ling...?"

"Since Daoist Songwen has said so, there is no reason for me to refuse." Mrs. Jinling looked down at little Qin Hao, waved her hand, and said with a coquettish smile: "Little brother, come quickly with sister."

"Sister will take you to see the baby."

"Okay, sister Jinling." Qin Hao showed a shy and innocent smile, followed Mrs. Jinling, and began to ask questions about the things on the stalls of those immortal cultivators.

Like a curious baby who is ignorant and ignorant.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, he began to carefully understand the common items in the world of cultivating immortals, whether it was materials, talismans, or magic tools.

The whole person is like a dry sponge severely dehydrated.

At this moment, he is frantically squeezing juice, asking for juice, and using all kinds of insights and knowledge in the world of cultivating immortals to fill his strong desire for juice.



Wandering around until it was getting late.

At this moment, the number of immortal cultivators who came to set up stalls on the Qingshi Square outside was even more. People come and go, so lively.

Qin Hao was dazzled by all kinds of auxiliary items for cultivating immortals.

Some dizzying.

Of course, taking this opportunity, he also obtained a lot of knowledge about cultivating immortals that he didn't know before from Mrs. Jinling.

Greatly enriched their vision and knowledge.

"Brother Han's cultivation level is so superficial. To be able to come here to participate in Tainan Xiaohui, he must have come with his elders or friends?" Mrs. Jinling glanced at Qin Hao and asked inadvertently.

The pretty appearance with seductive eyes like silk, combined with the tall and graceful figure with bumps and convexes, looks even more seductive, charming, beautiful and enchanting.

Many low-level immortal cultivators passing by couldn't help but look sideways at him.

"Sister Jin Ling is so smart, you can guess all of this!" Qin Hao raised his face, looked at the beautiful young woman in black dress beside him with admiration, and said innocently: "If my master hadn't brought me along, I wouldn't have Dare to come here alone."

"I heard that people often kill and seize treasures on the road, which is very dangerous."

Hearing "Han Li"'s response, Mrs. Jin Ling was quite serious in her heart, and asked tentatively, "Then I wonder what kind of cultivation is little brother Han's master?"

"Where are you now?"

"My master is a foundation-building cultivator, very powerful." When mentioning this matter, Qin Hao immediately showed a look of yearning for admiration: "I don't know when, I can also become a foundation-building cultivator."

"This way I can live longer..."

"Oh, by the way, my master is going out to visit friends now, and he will come back to pick me up after the Tainan small meeting is over."

"During the time my master is away, there will be sister Lao Jinling."

Hearing the words of "Han Li", Mrs. Jinling was startled. She didn't expect that this silly-looking kid actually had a master in the Foundation Establishment Stage.

There is envy and jealousy in my heart.

Suddenly, she thought of a strange question.


		