

During the second forced Nirvana transformation, Qin Hao only felt that his days were like years.

The strange sensations of crispness, numbness, pain, and refreshment all over his body made him uncomfortable and comfortable, and he couldn't stop it.

It feels like the whole person is about to be played to pieces.

"It's so refreshing, and it hurts...!"

"This feels so weird!"

After a long time, Qin Hao's body suddenly trembled instinctively, and then limp on the ground, motionless.

All I could see was the ups and downs of my chest.

The blood-stained bone fragments all over the body surface made him so stained that he couldn't see his true colors clearly.

"call……!"

After resting for a long time, Qin Hao let out a long breath.

Then he sat up again.

He rubbed his hands indiscriminately on his body, pulling off a lot of dry dead skin and bloody scabs, revealing the whiter and firmer new skin inside.

"My physique...has become stronger again!"

With his fingers curled up slightly, he only felt a sense of strong muscle strength that far surpassed that before.

The spiritual consciousness looks inside its own upper dantian consciousness sea.

Qin Hao could see that the Yuanshen villain who had completed the transformation of the Yuanshen became more solid and stable, with black and white flames lingering around his body.

Looming.

You can also see some mysterious five-color textures on the body of the villain.

It's like wearing a rather peculiar five-color tights.

There is no need to intentionally meditate and feel. At this moment, Qin Hao only feels that the air is full of aura factors of various attributes.

Scorching fire, light wind, violent thunder, thick soil, cold ice, warm light,...

There are various attributes of aura, and it exists everywhere, everywhere, and spreads throughout the vast world.

It spontaneously surrounds himself, as if defending and worshiping.

"Such a powerful five-element attribute aura affinity is simply unimaginable!"

"Far more than before!"

With a thought, Qin Hao opened his personal attribute interface.

Start looking carefully at the detailed changes in it.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Root: Five Elements Fairy Spirit Root

Current age: eleven

Maximum life expectancy: 325

The Realm of Cultivation: Four Levels of Qi Training

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary talent: Immortal Phoenix Flame, Crisis Alertness, Elemental Control

Extraordinary Physique: The Spiritual Body of the Five Elements

Spells and supernatural powers: Fire Bomb, Wind Control, Sky Eye, Concentration Talisman, Object Control

Basic skills: Scouting (cooling time - one hour), collection (cooling time - three months)

After reading it carefully and quickly, Qin Hao found many differences.

Not only the upper limit of his own lifespan has been greatly improved, it is longer than the lifespan of a cultivator in the foundation period. Even his own special physique has undergone fundamental changes again.

From the previous fire spirit body, it has transformed into the current five-element law spirit body.

And as a result, a new extraordinary talent element control was born.

Feeling the aura of heaven and earth with all attributes faintly resonating with his own instinct, with a high degree of affinity, Qin Hao vaguely guessed the effect of elemental control.

"Is it really what I imagined?"

With the intention of experimenting and exploring, he raised his right hand again.

Half an inch above the fingertip, a small black fireball suddenly appeared out of thin air.

At the same moment when he used the fireball technique.

Qin Hao's spiritual sense carefully felt that the aura of heaven and earth from all directions spontaneously converged at the inside of the magic fire bomb he used at a very high speed.

Harnessing and controlling the power of heaven and earth, passively amplifying the essence of spells.

"Wow...!"

In an instant, that small black fireball, which was not as big as a walnut, suddenly expanded rapidly and became as big as a millstone.

Looking at the terrifying black fireball, Qin Hao himself was terrified.

Throw it away in a hurry.

"Shua...!"

The big black fireball flew away at an extremely fast speed, as fast as thunder.

It hit a small hill tens of feet away.

In an instant, the entire hilltop was melted and burned, and the hot white lava flow splashed high, like a volcanic eruption.

Then it scattered down from all directions, directly igniting the surrounding flowers, plants, trees and vines.

"I don't want to...!"

"This **** is the basic magic fire bomb?!"

Just for a moment, Qin Hao's eyes were about to pop out of that terrifying power.

It is completely unbelievable that this is just the result of a small fireball.

"The consumption of spells is less, and the condensation speed and flight speed of spells are also faster, and it also comes with an all-round increase in the aura of heaven and earth!"

"Is this the extraordinary talent effect of the five-element law spiritual body?"

Just a simple induction, Qin Hao found that his breathing and thoughts were spontaneously echoed by the aura of heaven and earth.

It resonates and moves in sync with his mind and thoughts.

His own existence is like the master of the aura of the world, directly controlling the aura of the world.

"The immortal cultivators in the combined state in my memory may not be able to achieve such control!"

"The fairy root with its own laws and mysteries is really terrifying. It is completely different from the spiritual root on the ordinary level, just like the difference between cloud and mud."

Now calm down again.

Only then did Qin Hao realize that the mana he had just consumed using the fire bomb technique had already recovered rapidly on his own.

It is still in a state of full mana.

That kind of mana recovery speed is higher than the mana consumption when he uses the fire bomb technique.

"The difference between immortals and mortals is like a moat!"

At this moment, Qin Hao really felt this.

The difference is really too big.

Just the fact that mana can be recovered passively, this feature has completely surpassed the vast majority of people in this world.

Not to mention that there are other advantages such as element control.

"call……!"

He took a long breath and completely controlled the surprise in his heart.

Qin Hao lowered his head and looked at his body. Although he just rubbed it for a while, most of the blood, flesh, dead skin and other stains on the surface of his body were removed.

But it is still not completely clean, and there are still a lot of residues.

"Forget it, I'd better find a lake, pool, river or something, and wash my body well."

"And the clothes on my body are completely rotten because of this. Fortunately, there are spare items."

Subconsciously, Qin Hao skillfully used Yufengjue again.

"Hoo hoo hoo...!"

In an instant, the aura of heaven and earth surged towards him spontaneously, resonating with the spell of Yufeng Jue.

A dense mist naturally formed outside Qin Hao's body.

Aware of the changes in himself, Qin Hao's heart moved, thoughtful. Subconsciously, he tapped the ground lightly with his steps, and the dense mist and the effect of Yufeng Jue naturally matched.

It made him fly up out of thin air.

Walking against the wind, flying in the air.

The body is like a shocking rainbow, disappearing here at a very fast speed.

In his hands, the basic spell Yufengjue had an exaggerated effect comparable to that of the alchemy period.

It just flew up out of thin air.


		