

Inside the tall and majestic Seven Profound Hall.

The lighted candles flickered and swayed, causing the light to dance gently, casting the shadows of all the people present in a slightly distorted and weird way.

It's like one demon after another splayed its teeth and claws in the corner.

"Where's Miracle Doctor Han?" Deputy Sect Master Ma couldn't help asking, "Why haven't you come in yet?"

"Everyone, are you looking for me?" Suddenly, a faint voice sounded from behind the sect master Wang Juechu, which was as frightening as a ghost.

Surprised, Wang Juechu stood up suddenly, turned his head and looked behind him.

He only saw a blurry black shadow flashing in the corner of his eye, and he couldn't see anything clearly. Then the voice belonging to Han Li sounded again in the center of the hall.

"Everyone, stay safe!"

With his hands behind his back, Han Li stood calmly near the gate of the Seven Profound Hall.

Secretly ready to run away decisively at any time.

"Miraculous doctor Han is here at this moment, but what is the important matter?" Wang Juechu suppressed the horror and shock in his heart, with a somewhat awkward false and kind smile on his face.

Taking advantage of the situation, he secretly tried and asked.

"The world is so big, I want to go out and wander around." Han Li looked at Wang Juechu and the others with a half-smile expression.

Just before coming in, with his extremely keen hearing, he heard some unusual conversations from a distance.

This made his heart tremble.

Instinctively feel that this is a huge hidden danger, and it will definitely affect itself.

It may even affect the safety of his family members.

Considering the safety of his family, he changed his usual style and could only bite the bullet and prepare to use threats and lures to resolve the hidden dangers of this crisis.

Looking at the many high-level personnel of Qixuanmen.

Han Li suddenly raised his right hand, and a small red fireball suddenly condensed on the tip of his finger.

Then flicked his fingers, and hit the small fireball on the tip of his finger towards a thick wooden pillar inside the Qixuan Hall.

"boom……!"

As soon as the small fireball came into contact with the wooden pillar, it instantly ignited the thick wooden pillar hugged by two people, and burned it into a pile of ashes at a very high speed.

Fluttering, scattered in the interior of the Qixuan Hall.

"I don't know the king's sect master, as well as the deputy sect masters, the hall master and the elders, what do you think?"

Han Li spoke calmly, pretending not to care.

But from the corner of his eyes, he was always watching everyone's every move, ready to turn their faces and fight and run away at any time.

The right hand behind his back also quietly took out a porcelain bottle.

It is filled with a colorless, odorless and deadly poison.

"This is... an immortal!" Seeing this, Wang Juechu and the others stood up in shock again, looking at Han Li with envy and surprise.

Han Li was slightly taken aback by this reaction.

Didn't expect them to react like this.

"Miraculous doctor Han is also a fairy?!"

Wang Juechu looked at the calm Han Li, and then at the pile of ashes on the ground, the muscles in the corners of his eyes couldn't help but twitch.

Some time ago, Qin Hao melted the ground of Qixuan Hall with a small black fireball.

This evening, Han Li used a small red fireball to burn down the pillars of the Seven Profound Hall.

"This kind of practice of demonstrating when we meet is worthy of being a brother."

Wang Juechu muttered to himself.

On the surface, he had a pleasant expression on his face, and said to Han Li, "Since Miracle Doctor Han wants to leave Qixuanmen and go out for a walk, he can naturally do so at any time."

"Since the head of the king's sect has agreed, there is one more thing I need to ask you all." Han Li quickly glanced at the people inside the Seven Profound Hall, his eyes flickering a few times.

He originally wanted to have a private talk with Sect Leader Wang.

But I didn't expect that there would be so many people here, all of them were high-level people inside Qixuanmen.

Considering the conversation he just overheard, he thought quickly.

Originally, he was going to pay the price of a bottle of Yangjing Pill, but now he silently took an extra bottle of elixir, and threw it at Wang Juechu's place through the air.

"Shua...!"

Wang Juechu raised his hands and caught all the porcelain bottles with precision.

He looked at Han Li suspiciously.

"During this period when I'm away, please take care of my relatives secretly. You don't need to deliberately protect them, you just need to pay attention to them secretly so that they will not be bullied."

"The elixir in the bottle was refined by my own hands."

"Its effect is..."

At this point, Han immediately lowered his voice intentionally, and carefully introduced the effect of Yangjing Pill.

Limit the voice of the voice to the interior of the Qixuan Hall.

When everyone heard this, their expressions were extremely moved, and then they all looked at the two small porcelain bottles in Wang Juechu's hands with fiery eyes.

"Of course, I will come back from time to time to check on the situation, and I may not actually show up." Han Li looked at the people with different expressions, and threatened in a disguised voice: "I hope that by then, all of my family members will be fine and I will not show up." What a bad situation."

"Otherwise, today's Nourishing Essence Pill may turn into a fatal killing pill."

While speaking, Han Li secretly used the sky eye technique.

In an instant, his own eyes changed, becoming extremely terrifying, with an inexplicable spiritual aura.

When looking at the people present.

The eyes were as sharp as a knife's edge, making Wang Juechu and others feel as uncomfortable as a knife cutting their skin.

The hairs all over his body stood up instinctively.

One by one looked at Han Li, unconsciously showing some fear and fear. Some people almost couldn't bear to protect themselves against Han Li's sudden attack.

Seeing the reactions of these people, Han Li was quite satisfied.

Immediately afterwards, the spiritual deterrent effect produced by the Celestial Eye technique on mortals was cancelled.

"Before, I listened to Sect Master Wang. Could it be that Sect Master Wang has seen other immortals?" Han Li changed his words and suddenly asked such a question.

He never forgot the word "also" that Wang Juechu said before.

At this moment, Wang Juechu nodded silently when he heard Han Li's question, and responded: "A while ago, Qin Hao, who has become a fairy, came back."

"Let us help him find a place called Jinguangguan, and he gave him a fairy law afterwards."

Mentioning this matter, Wang Juechu's heart moved.

Suddenly he took out the blank paper and threw it to Han Li, hoping to test Han Li and Qin Hao at the same time again.

Take the opportunity to test the news related to Mo Juren.

Han Li raised his left hand and accurately caught the white paper. His eyes quickly glanced at the text on it, and a trace of surprise flashed unconsciously in his eyes.

"It turned out to be the content of the first four layers of "Changchun Gong"?!"

"Why did Junior Brother Qin do this? Aren't you afraid that this cultivation method of cultivating immortals will be leaked?"

Recalling Wang Juechu's words just now, Han Li was puzzled.

"Then where is the Golden Light Temple?"


		