

"Why is it so difficult to find a suitable and beautiful life furnace?"

Qin Hao's thoughts flashed in his mind.

After thinking for a while, he still kept this matter in his heart.

Consciousness scanned his personal attribute panel, noticed that the harvesting technique had a cooldown of up to three months, and completed a new round of cooldown recovery again.

He began to think about this easier thing to achieve.

"This time, what should be the initial random collection target?"

After thinking about it secretly, Qin Hao made a decision in his heart.

Any foreign object is not as powerful as himself, and always focusing on improving himself is the best choice in his mind.

He took off the spirit beast bag from his body, and grabbed the Yellow Wind Rat inside.

Because it has not been fed for a long time.

In addition, the environment inside the low-level spirit beast bag is actually not that good. This made this first-level rudimentary rat look a bit sluggish.

It gave Qin Hao a visual sense of dying.

"Last time, we randomly collected that Snow Rabbit Demon, and obtained a more powerful sixth sense of life, crisis alertness."

"I don't know what will be randomly collected this time?"

Grab the first-level yellow wind mouse with one hand.

Qin Hao used the collection technique again without hesitation, and locked the initial collection target individual as a low-level monster in the palm of his hand.

"Shua...!"

In an instant, a dazzled bright orange light gushed out from his palm.

Surrounded the weak-looking Yellow Wind Rat very quickly.

At the same time, on Qin Hao's personal interface, a virtual acquisition progress bar popped up synchronously, and it was sliding towards the full bar at a steady speed.

Even though the collection technique has been used more than once.

But every collection, for Qin Hao himself, is like opening a blind box, and the result of the collection is completely unknown.

In the tense but calm patient waiting.

Not long after, when the progress bar of the collection technique reached full, the Yellow Wind Rat in Qin Hao's hand suddenly let out a sharp scream, and then died suddenly.

"Um?!"

"what happened?"

He subconsciously looked down at his palm.

I saw that the yellow wind mouse, a first-level and elementary monster, turned into a skinny appearance at this moment, as if it had been dead for a long time.

In particular, its pair of sharp front claws have undergone a strange and distorted change.

It looks very shocking.

"This time, what was randomly collected?"

"How could such a strange change happen?"

Thinking about something in his heart, Qin Hao skillfully withdrew his left hand, allowing the orange light that had penetrated into the body of the Yellow Wind Mouse to rewind back at a high speed.

Finally, in the palm of his hand, it turned into a new small orange light ball.

Without the slightest hesitation.

He resolutely used the reconnaissance technique on this small orange light sphere to detect its own attribute information.

New text messages began to appear on the personal interface one after another, and soon changed from blurred to clear.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Wind Shadow Claw

Grade: Level 1

Remarks: Move against the wind, combine with the wind to transform the shadow, take the god as the marrow, and follow the nature of Taoism

"What the hell is this?" Qin Hao carefully observed the information identified by the reconnaissance, his face full of bewilderment, and his heart was very puzzled: "And it doesn't seem to be something like magical powers."

He opened his palm and looked at the small orange ball of light.

Inside the small ball of light, there is a pair of light blue sharp claws floating at the moment. The fingers and claws are curved, giving them a sharp sense of vision.

And its whole body flows continuously.

It looks like it is purely condensed by the wind.

"Could it be some kind of magic weapon with wind attribute?" Qin Hao looked and looked, and then focused on those remark words.

I instinctively felt that this might not be a magic weapon of wind attribute.

"Moving against the wind, blending with the wind and transforming shadows, with gods as the essence, Taoism follows nature, could it be...?!"

Suddenly, Qin Hao had a bold guess in his mind.

Immediately, he closed his hands together, held it in the palm of his hand, and controlled the orange light film to shatter.

next moment.

Those light blue sharp claws also turned into a cloud of light blue mist.

Accompanied by the broken and scattered orange spots, they naturally merged into Qin Hao's own body, and then quickly spread to the inside of his sea of ​​consciousness.

The cyan mist flowed and changed, condensing into an illusory figure by itself.

Floating inside Qin Hao's sea of ​​consciousness, he began to wave his arms, stretch his fingers and claws, and practiced a set of claw techniques that he had never seen or heard before.

The shadows of the claws are flying, chasing after the wind and shadows.

The attack was extremely swift and fierce.

Seeing such a scene, Qin Hao was dumbfounded, with a shocked expression on his face.

"This is... a martial skill?!"

He once used mana to try to activate mortal martial arts.

But the power displayed is not as good as that of a mortal using internal force. Because the attribute of mana does not match with mortal martial arts, they cannot exert their respective effects at all.

But this thing came from the body of the monster again.

It made him feel a little strange.

No matter how weak and weak that Yellow Wind Rat looked, it was a real monster, not an ordinary beast.

"Could it be an extraordinary martial skill?"

Soon, that figure quickly completed the rehearsal.

It turned into a cloud of light blue mist, dissipated and imprinted in Qin Hao's sea of ​​consciousness. All the details in it were all remembered by him.

"Sure enough!"

"This is an extraordinary martial skill powered by the magic power of an immortal cultivator. The monster power is also a kind of magic power, and it is completely different from ordinary people's martial skills."

Quickly recalling all the memories just now, Qin Hao revealed a look of surprise.

But if he wants to practice it, or even use it proficiently, to use it against the enemy, he needs to work hard and concentrate on cultivation.

"You're lucky today, so let's take a stroll around Fangshi."

Throwing away the dead Yellow Wind Rat casually, he stood up by himself.

Recall all the news that is known so far in your mind.

"Bingzhou is adjacent to Lanzhou, and both belong to one of the territories of Lingshou Mountain."

"There must be immortal cultivators inside Fangshi. Generally, the strongest person in charge of sitting in Fangshi must be the immortal cultivator in the foundation establishment period."

"It is necessary to pay attention to controlling the aura resonance control ability controlled by the elements."

Thinking about something in his heart, Qin Hao soared into the sky again.

There must be formations around the square city of the immortal cultivator, and then there will be an abnormal flow of heaven and earth aura itself.

For other cultivators, they may not be able to perceive this subtle change.

However, relying on the extraordinary talent controlled by the elements, Qin Hao's own sensitivity to changes in aura is extremely terrifying and astonishing.

It took half a month to search like this.

With this method, he really found one of the many Xiuxianfang cities belonging to Lingshou Mountain in this strange place.


		