

Time passes by quietly like running water.

Another thirteen days passed in the blink of an eye.

Inside the retreat chamber of Zuimenglou, Qin Hao, who was concentrating on hard training, was finally forced to leave the retreat. It's not that he can't bear the lonely temperament.

Instead, the dry food and water inside the storage bag were gone.

Some were hungry and thirsty and had to go out.

"Low-level cultivators in the qi training period still can't do bigu after all, and have to eat and drink." Qin Hao felt the mana level in his body, and was quite satisfied: "The second level of the qi training period is complete, and the mana is far stronger than Sangong. It was much thicker before."

"And the quality of mana is also more pure and concise."

Open the storage bag and change into a new set of clean clothes.

Qin Hao walked out of the closed room, went downstairs, opened the formation restriction with the talisman key, and came to the Tainan Valley outside.

Take a casual glance.

I saw that there were already hundreds of people in Qingshi Square, which seemed a little deserted before.

There are many stalls already set up around the square.

"There are a lot of people."

"It looks like the Tainan Small Meeting is about to be held."

In such a situation, Qin Hao immediately put away the talisman key.

Instead, go to the small stalls set up by those cultivators. Even if you can't afford anything, you can still see more and learn more.

Go a little further.

He could see that the stalls of immortal cultivators were not like ordinary people's stalls, which would be loud and noisy, and they would take the initiative to shout and sell.

On the contrary, most of them seemed very silent.

If someone likes something, they will communicate with the stall owner, or even have a secret conversation through sound transmission.

Let others not know what they want to trade with each other.

And those immortal cultivators wandering around the various stalls, mostly in twos and threes, or alone, silently observing.

Or scan and sense with spiritual consciousness, or explore with Celestial Eye.

"I don't know a lot of things, and I can't understand them at all." Qin Hao looked carefully for a while, and once again realized the difficulty of a novice.

Whether something is good or bad, completely unaware of what it is.

Can only listen carefully from time to time when others are speaking.

Unconsciously, Qin Hao distracted his attention on the attire of those cultivators.

Some people wear extremely revealing clothes, almost revealing their breasts. There are also people wearing black robes and cloaks, covering themselves tightly.

More people are just like me, ordinary.

Qin Hao even saw several women disguised as men, and men disguised as women's Qi training period immortals.

All kinds of costumes silently show that the people who come to participate in the Tainan Xiaohui come from all directions and different regions, and the local cultures and customs are different.

"Do you want to take this opportunity to sell and dispose of the magic weapon from Yu Zitong?" Qin Hao looked at it for a while and stood where he was.

Seriously think about the pros and cons.

"I don't know if there is anyone who is familiar with Yu Zitong at the Tainan meeting this time?"

"What if we can identify Yu Zitong's magic gourd?"

This point is the key to Qin Hao's hesitation.

The fourth level of the qi training period is the realm where qualitative changes occur for the first time. It belongs to the small success of qi training. The three souls and seven souls will become primordial spirits, and divine consciousness will be born.

And the seventh level of the Qi training period is the realm where qualitative changes occur for the second time.

It can be regarded as the stage of Qi training.

When you reach the seventh floor, you can try to break through the foundation building period.

As for the thirteenth level of Qi training period, it belongs to the new stage of Dzogchen, another new level.

As for the cultivators who came here, their cultivation bases were basically at the fourth level and above in the Qi training period. The number of immortal cultivators lower than the fourth floor of the Qi training period is pitifully small.

He himself is one of those weak chickens who are lower than the fourth floor of the Qi training period.

Qin Hao couldn't help but be more cautious.

"Little friend standing here alone, but waiting for someone?" Suddenly, a strange man's voice came from behind.

The tone sounded very gentle and indifferent.

Hearing this, Qin Hao looked back subconsciously.

He saw a young Taoist priest with good features, white face and beardless, with a dust whisk on his arm, smiling at him friendly.

Behind this person, there are still two women and a man standing.

He took a quick glance with the Celestial Eye Technique, and all of them were at the fourth floor and above during the Qi training period.

The person with the strongest spiritual light was the strange young Taoist priest who had just spoken to him. He had at least the seventh level of qi training, and he looked like he was in his twenties.

But the actual age must be much older than the appearance.

After all, everyone is a cultivator.

"What's the matter?" Qin Hao asked calmly, taking precautions.

"Fellow Taoists, don't be nervous, we have no malicious intentions, we are all good people." The young Taoist priest waved the dust in his hand lightly, and with a kind smile on his face, he took the initiative to explain: "In previous years, the casual cultivators who came to Tainan Xiaohui, because If you act alone, you will often be bullied by those from the immortal family."

"Therefore, it was initiated by Pindao to gather fellow cultivators together to keep warm."

"It's just for self-protection."

The Taoist priest looked at the ten-year-old boy not far away, his eyes were full of sincerity and expectation.

Gives people a feeling of comfort like a spring breeze.

"Seeing Fellow Daoist staying here alone, the poor Taoist guessed that Fellow Daoist might also be a casual cultivator, so I came here to get acquainted and make friends."

"By the way, invite fellow Taoists to go with you to prevent being bullied wantonly by others."

"I don't know how to be friendly?"

Without waiting for Qin Hao to speak by himself.

On the contrary, there was a young woman in a green skirt standing behind the Taoist priest, with her arms folded, yelling in dissatisfaction.

"It's just an ant on the second floor of the Qi training period, do you need to be so serious?"

"He walked with us, but he was just holding back."

"The fifth level of Qi training period is indeed very strong." Qin Hao said with a serious face when he heard this, and said very sincerely: "Eldest sister, don't worry, my younger brother will never keep this matter in mind."

"I will only record it in my little brother's [Cultivation Diary], as a scene of my cultivation career."

"Hmph, it really is a brat with no hair yet." The young woman snorted coldly, and said disdainfully, "Who is a serious person to keep a diary?"

"What this elder sister taught me is that my younger brother is not a serious person and loves to keep a diary." Qin Hao looked terrified.

It showed the reaction that the second floor should have during the Qi training period.

"Okay, just say a few words." The leading Taoist took the initiative to mediate, and then said to Qin Hao: "This is the Zuiyue Layman from Cangyu Mountain, her character is like this, and her heart is still very kind. "

"I hope fellow Taoists don't take it to heart."

"Senior, you were joking. How dare a low-level cultivator like me hold grudges against others." Qin Hao smiled helplessly, as if he felt bad for his low cultivation.

Soon, he recovered, but he was thoughtful.

Take the initiative to ask the leading Taoist priest.

"I don't know where the senior is high-cultivated?"


		