

Unconsciously.

Ten days passed quickly.

In a certain closed room inside the Zuimeng Building in Tainan Valley, Qin Hao carefully felt the changes in himself, and was quite satisfied in his heart.

"It only took ten days to practice the first level of Qi training."

"It's much faster than when I was practicing "Changchun Gong" before."

The spiritual consciousness looks inside the dantian of the body.

Qin Hao could see that the brand-new fire-attribute mana cultivated was like a thin black and white cloud, floating in the dantian and meridians.

And it slowly rotates around the unquenchable phoenix flame at the central core position by itself.

That magnificent and wonderful scene is like a primitive star condensed in a vast cosmic nebula, surrounded by misty black and white nebulae.

With it as the center, there is a regular rotation rhythm.

"Whether it is the purity of the mana or the power it contains, it is far more than the wood attribute mana before."

Qin Hao raised his right hand and stretched out a finger.

The next moment, in the air half an inch above his fingertips, a black and white fireball suddenly condensed out of thin air.

Just so quietly floating.

In an instant, the temperature inside the secret room here began to soar rapidly, far exceeding the effect of the fireball technique with wood attribute mana.

"This is someone else's place, or don't test the power here."

With the change of Qin Hao's mind.

The small black and white fireball at the fingertips went out again and dissipated.

"Simultaneous activation can show dual attributes."

"If it is activated in a single state, it will reach the extreme of a single state and will be even more powerful."

Soon, a small pure black fireball suddenly appeared on Qin Hao's fingertips out of nowhere.

The mere appearance of this small black fireball caused the clothes he was wearing to have a faint tendency to spontaneously ignite.

There was a strange smell of burning.

But the clothes on his body had no direct contact with the little black fireball at all.

After a short breath, the black fireball collapsed out of thin air.

His body mana is not enough.

"At the first level of Qi training period, the mana is still too weak."

"I can't even cast a few basic spells, so I still have to keep working hard."

Through the attempt to cast spells with his own hands just now, Qin Hao noticed that his efficiency in casting fire attribute spells has become higher.

As the meaning goes, the spell takes shape.

More powerful, faster.

It is close to the real instant, with an additional special boost effect.

But he can also feel that such an increase is limited to the magical powers of the fire attribute. If it were to cast spells and supernatural powers of other attributes, it would definitely not be so convenient and terrifying.

It also requires the cooperation of chanting incantations and gestures to cast spells.

Even many spells require the corresponding talisman to cooperate, and they also need to have the relevant spell-casting formulas to cast the talisman.

This kind of spell is also known as a spell.

Such is the case with sound transmission.



Quietly recalled and thought for a while.

Qin Hao secretly made up his mind in his heart that he would specialize in fire attribute magic powers in the future, and try his best to give full play to his own strengths and advantages.

With a thought, the personal attributes panel unfolds.

A new profile is displayed.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Roots: Water, Fire, Wood

Current age: eleven

Maximum life expectancy: 131

Cultivation realm: one level of Qi training

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary Talent: Immortal Fengyan

Extraordinary Physique: Fire Spirit Body

Spells and supernatural powers: Fire Bomb, Wind Control, Sky Eye, Concentration Talisman, Object Control

Basic skills: Scouting (cooling time - one hour), collection (cooling time - three months)

Looking at his personal attribute panel, Qin Hao thought deeply.

"Except for some low-level basic spells, which are more convenient to cast."

"The casting of most spells requires casting spells and even hand gestures. It even requires the cooperation of the corresponding talisman and the spell-casting formula of the talisman itself to cast the spell."

"The complex situation of spell casting has caused the fights among immortal cultivators in this world, almost all of which focus on more efficient and faster magic tools, talismans and other foreign objects."

"Because in a life-and-death struggle, the enemy will not give you the time to chant spells and cast spells slowly."

"Items such as magical instruments are therefore extremely expensive."

Use the concepts of your previous life to understand.

That is, the casting of many spells requires a certain period of continuous and stable reading, and also requires the cooperation and consumption of related materials.

The more advanced the spell, the longer the reading time and the more complicated the casting conditions.

And those magical weapons, like Gatling and other thermal weapons, only need to pull the trigger (drive the magic weapon), and the bullets (mana) can directly kill the enemy and use it.

Very convenient and efficient.

"How to improve the efficiency of spellcasting and achieve actual combat?" Qin Hao thought for a while secretly, focusing on the process of chanting the spell: "If the process of casting spells can be shortened, the actual combat effect can indeed be improved."

"If you want to shorten it, you must first figure out what the purpose of chanting the mantra is."

"There are still many spells that are cast with the consumption of talismans. What is the essential principle?"

Qin Hao secretly kept these in his heart.

If he was fighting like other immortal cultivators, only relying on various magic tools, talismans, etc., he would basically not be able to use his own physical strength.

"The in-depth exploration of the principles of magic will be dealt with later."

"Right now, we should focus on improving mana cultivation base."

Converge the thoughts in your mind again, stop thinking about it, and concentrate your energy.

Qin Hao began to fall into silent practice again.



During the period when Qin Hao was in retreat and switched to practicing exercises.

As the official date of this Tainan Xiaohui approached, many low-level immortal cultivators in the Qi training period could be seen arriving in Tainan Valley every day.

Or hit the road alone.

Or invite friends to enter together.

Let this slightly deserted Tainan Valley gradually become lively.

Among the people who came to participate in the Tainan Xiaohui, some were from the immortal cultivating family, and some were casual cultivators who had fallen from the immortal cultivating family.

There is also a pure and cute new immortal cultivator who accidentally obtained the cultivation method of immortality and embarked on the road of immortality by chance.

With the increase of the flow of people.

On the bluestone square inside Tainan Valley, people have already started setting up stalls, selling things they don't need in exchange for things they need.

However, the vast majority of immortal cultivators hope to be able to barter.

Instead of simply using Lingshi to buy transactions.

However, the difficulty of trading with barter is much higher than that of trading with spirit stones. For this transaction to be successful, both parties must have what the other party needs.

Such a coincidence is naturally extremely unlikely.

This makes the situation of bartering on the spot far worse than trading with spirit stones.


		