

After regaining consciousness, Han Li recalled what he had heard and seen inside and outside the Qixuan Hall, and his heart suddenly moved.

Looking at Qin Hao on the opposite side, he asked out his doubts.

"Junior Brother Qin, why did you leak the content of "Changchun Gong" to Qixuanmen?"

"Aren't you afraid of getting burned because of this?"

"Senior Brother Han, don't you think that Caixia Mountain is very beautiful and outstanding?" Qin Hao turned around, looked at the main peak of Caixia Mountain, Sunset Peak, and seemed to be talking to himself: "I'm just a little curious, so here I am." Scatter some seeds."

"I want to see what kind of fruit it will bear in the future."

"So, did you do it on purpose?" Han Li frowned unconsciously. He thought that this approach was not safe and would leave hidden dangers.

Instinctively opened his mouth, he still didn't say anything after all.

Qin Hao is not himself after all.

All of a sudden, the woods fell into a brief dead silence.

After a while, Qin Hao took out Yu Zitong's storage bag, and transferred all the contents inside to Venerable Jin Guang's storage bag.

His actions did not hide the slightest.

It was clearly seen by Han Li.

"Junior Brother Qin, what is this? It's so amazing!" Seeing this, Han Li's heart was very hot.

He felt that this thing was much more useful than carrying his pack hard.

"This thing is called a storage bag, and it is a common tool and item used by immortal cultivators. It is specially used to hold things." Qin Hao took the empty storage bag in his hand, shook it at Han Li, and said, "I want to Want it?"

"Junior Brother Qin, please make an offer." Han Li was quite moved when he heard this.

Seeing this, Qin Hao estimated the value of the storage bag in his hand and the value of the elixir in Han Li's hand, and said, "For the sake of hacking Master to death together, I will sell you three bottles of Jinsui Wan."

"Okay!" Han Li's heart moved, and he suddenly said again: "But I don't have so many golden marrow pills on me now, I wonder if Junior Brother Qin can wait patiently for a while?"

"Yes." Qin Hao flicked his fingers and flicked the empty storage bag to Han Li.

They also didn't tell the lie that Han Li was out of stock.

Selling one storage bag, he still has three storage bags on him, and these three storage bags are of better quality and have more storage space.

Of course, its value will naturally be higher.

"Recently, I lived thirty miles east of here." Qin Hao's body was surrounded by a dense cloud, and he gradually rose into the air, saying: "The golden marrow pill has been refined, come and find me yourself."

As soon as the words fell, he quickly left here.

Only Han Li was left standing there alone.

"It seems that Junior Brother Qin also has a lot of opportunities." Seeing this, Han Li felt a little envious in his heart, and subconsciously touched his chest with his left hand.

Some envious emotions gradually calmed down again.

"I don't know if my chance is comparable to that of Junior Brother Qin?"



Time flies, like a white horse passing by.

During the retreat and penance, time passed extremely quickly, and more than two years had passed before I knew it.

"Boom...!"

The big stone that blocked the entrance of the cave was removed from the inside again.

Qin Hao inside was exposed.

Walking out of the cave, standing outside, quietly enjoying the warm sunshine.

In my mind, I unconsciously recalled the collection results of these several times of dying at the True Spirit Point, and I sighed helplessly in my heart.

"It's been a full eight times, but I just can't figure out Tianfeng's true spirit origin."

"It's either a rotten bone that has lost its essence, or it's a mass of dead energy, or it's Yin energy."

"Could it be that the gap between the True Spirit Cave in the silent state and the active state of the True Spirit Cave is really so huge?"

Qin Hao didn't even think about activating the Acupuncture of the True Spirit.

In this world, it is impossible to activate that thing. Just the sacrifice of the blood of the true spirit became the first difficulty.

Not to mention the existence of more huge difficulties in the future.

And the weakest true spirit is comparable to an immortal cultivator in the Mahayana period.

Stronger true spirits can fight against the top true immortals in the lower realm, and there is a huge gap.

"Although there are true spirits dormant inside the chaotic star sea, it is impossible to get a large amount of true spirit blood."

"Just a little blood of the true spirit is useless at all."

Just thinking about it, Qin Hao resolutely gave up the idea of ​​finding a way to activate the True Spirit Acupoint.

Because he knew it was impossible.

"Random collection is not mandatory designated plunder after all."

"It seems that I need to brush the Cave of the True Spirit a few more times in the future."

Reining in his wild thoughts, Qin Hao opened his personal attribute interface again.

Carefully observe your current actual situation.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Root: Five Elements Fairy Spirit Root

Current age: Thirteen

Maximum life expectancy: 351

The Realm of Cultivation: Nine Levels of Qi Training

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary talent: Immortal Phoenix Flame, Crisis Alertness, Elemental Control

Extraordinary Physique: The Spiritual Body of the Five Elements

Spells and supernatural powers: fire bomb, wind control, celestial eye, talisman, object control, entanglement, cone of ice, quicksand, lightning strike, ground stab, primary water escape, primary earth escape

Basic skills: Scouting (cooling time - one hour), collection (cooling time - three months)

"In just two years, not only has his cultivation leaped five levels in a row, but he has also mastered so many spells." Qin Hao felt his own state carefully, and was extremely shocked.

This kind of cultivation speed is really too fast.

Of course, as a price, he consumed all the middle-grade spirit stones. After all, the aura of heaven and earth in Caixia Mountain is extremely thin.

It belongs to the barren area where dogs shake their heads.

"However, why is the content of the tenth level of the "Burning Flame Hell God Art" so profound and difficult to understand?" Qin Hao frowned for a while, thinking to himself: "Not only will the lower dantian itself, the eight extraordinary meridians and the twelve serious meridians be all included."

"Even many Zhoutian small veins have been incorporated into the practice system."

"And it also involves more formations."

"Using the dantian as the eye of the array and the meridians as the array pattern, construct an array in the body and smelt special flames. The higher the level, the more complicated the array."

The content of the exercise is a bit complicated, so that Qin Hao has been unable to comprehend it for a long time.

The difficulty is not only in the aspect of formation, but also in many special terms of ancient characters. If you don't understand the special meaning of these technical terms, you can't understand the secrets of exercises at all.

"Forget it, let's go buy some books on learning esoteric ancient prose, so as to supplement our knowledge."

"Illiteracy is not worthy of cultivating immortals, and they can't even understand exercises."

Rubbing his forehead, Qin Hao blocked the hole again.

Immediately, it flew into the sky and flew towards Qingniu Town, a town that is relatively close to Qixuanmen. But when he passed near Qixuanmen, he suddenly noticed the aura of other cultivators.


		