

In the darkness, it was cold and eerie, dead silent and eerie.

The only light in the entire deep cave was the torch in Wang Juechu's hand. The flame danced and swayed, illuminating the extremely limited and narrow space.

No matter how carefully Wang Juechu observed, he just couldn't see what was in the darkness.

It's just that I feel a little uneasy instinctively.

"Could it be that no one has come here all year round, and some wild beasts have sneaked in?"

"But what kind of beast can make me feel a little bit uneasy?"

Wang Juechu's face was tense, his eyes turned around, carefully observing everything around him, trying to find the source of his uneasiness.

unknowingly.

He vaguely felt that the temperature inside the cave seemed to have dropped a lot.

It made him feel a bit of coldness.

"Why is it suddenly cold?"

Inadvertently, Wang Juechu's eyes swept across the surrounding ground, and the pupils of his eyes shrank suddenly.

He was shocked to see that frost was forming on the ground.

"no!"

"It's not right to come here alone today."

"It's better to evacuate here first."

After thinking about it in his heart, Wang Juechu remained calm on the surface.

But the feet moved carefully, moving towards the direction of the deep passage that entered this place, moving step by step, and finally came to that passage.

Then carefully leave here and go away quickly.

Inside the cave, there is only pure darkness left, you can't see your fingers, it's cold and dead.

It's instinctively shuddering.

"Finally scare this guy away." Qin Hao sighed secretly, and he took action only after his spiritual sense realized that Wang Juechu had indeed left.

Raising his left hand, half an inch above the tip of his index finger, a small white fireball suddenly condensed out of thin air.

"boom……!"

The aura gathers and the fireball expands.

But in just a short moment, a pure white fireball the size of a watermelon quietly floated above Qin Hao's fingertips.

It looked like he was holding a small sun on his fingertips.

The light is bright and warm.

It made this dark and cold cave a lot warmer all of a sudden, dispelling the cold and gloomy feeling.

He held the white fireball with his left hand, and grabbed the cliff with his right hand.

At the same time, he distractedly cast Yufeng Jue, and his whole body clinging to the cliff inside the cave soared into the air, and soon reached the sky of thousands of feet.

Qin Hao raised his head and looked up.

With the help of the white fireball light from his fingertips, he saw that the top of this natural cave was covered with dense traces of man-made mechanisms.

Its top is connected to the Seven Profound Hall above the Sunset Peak.

"To be able to install a mechanism that will kill each other in such a place, the head of the Qixuanmen is indeed a rare talent in building organs."

After watching carefully, Qin Hao landed again.

Started to carefully survey the interior of this empty and vast cave.

After wandering around for a full circle, he found that the location of the Cave of the True Spirit was just at the corner of the edge of the cave, and it was not too conspicuous.

Fingers caressed the fossil-like cliff.

The touch is no different from that of ordinary cliffs. In the silent state of the True Spirit Cave, there is no abnormality at all, and no weirdness at all.

"At this moment, the harvesting technique is still being recooled, there is no need to stay here for a long time."

"Just run here a few more times in the future."

Being cautious, Qin Hao did not leave here in a hurry.

Instead, he patiently waited for the scouting skill to re-cool down, once an hour, waiting for a while longer, enough for him to figure out the details of this natural cave.



Unconsciously.

The sky outside has already reached the middle of the night.

At the foot of the Sunset Peak, a ghostly figure flashed past and disappeared here very quickly.

Flying against the wind between heaven and earth, you are free and unrestrained.

Qin Hao once again felt the joy of cultivating immortals.

In my mind, I recalled the results of my careful investigation just now.

"Only the Cave of the True Spirit has the greatest potential value, and the rest can be ignored."

"In the future, I will specifically fight against the True Spirit Cave."

It is condescending and has a wide field of vision.

When Qin Hao flew close to the outer area of ​​Caixia Mountain, he suddenly noticed an area in the forest below that was slightly glowing.

The light is soft but not dazzling, and it is particularly eye-catching in this dark night.

"what?!"

"What it is?"

Out of curiosity, he began to land towards the glowing area.

A pair of eyes carefully observed the situation there, and Qin Hao vaguely noticed that there seemed to be a figure near the soft light source.

"There is still someone here?"

"Could it be another cultivator? Could it be...?!"

With some strange conjectures in his heart, Qin Hao landed carefully.



at the same time.

Han Li, who was using the Sky Palm Vase on a daily basis, was acutely aware of a sign of abnormal flirtatiousness, and immediately put away the Sky Palm Bottle without hesitation.

Then his figure flashed, and he quickly got into the forest like a swimming fish.

It disappeared here in the blink of an eye.

"Senior Brother Xiaohan, aren't you in the God's Hand Valley?"

"Why is it here?"

Hearing the voice suddenly coming from diagonally behind him, Han Li stopped abruptly, and subconsciously looked back.

I saw a familiar yet unfamiliar figure descending from the sky.

Standing firmly on a thick tree trunk, around that figure, there is a faint aura of spiritual light, as if wearing a colorful glow.

In the dark night, it looks very mysterious and sacred.

"You...you are Junior Brother Qin?!" Han Li looked at the young figure with a look of astonishment on his face. He never thought that Qin Hao would turn into this appearance.

Looking at one place alone, the change is not very huge.

But if all the subtle changes are combined, the familiar figure in his own memory will look a little more strange.

Especially the dense aura lingering around his body made him startled and shocked.

Because he didn't notice the fluctuation trace of mana at all.

This means that Qin Hao didn't use any spells at all. Such a mysterious vision is completely the result of the spontaneous echo and resonance of the aura of heaven and earth.

"Senior Brother Han didn't stay in the Valley of Gods Hands, why did he appear here?" Qin Hao asked curiously.

Han Li heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that Qin Hao didn't ask about the matter just now, and he endured for a while as he prepared to continue running.

Instead, he responded to Qin Hao's curious question just now.

"Not long ago, that mysterious orange light vision appeared inside Qixuanmen again."

"I felt that it might be dangerous to stay in the Qixuanmen, so I left from the inside of Shenshou Valley."

"Didn't you leave? Why are you back?"


		