

Hearing Qin Hao's laughter, Han Li who was standing beside him somehow wanted to give him a fireball.

This laughter is really too much to be beaten.

"Do it!"

With a shout, Qin Hao suddenly closed the door of the room.

He waved his hand and hit the candles in the room with a hidden weapon.

At the same time, Han Li shook his hand and threw a projectile, which exploded in the room, emitting thick smoke, making the environment in the room hazy.

Can't see anything.

"You two traitors, very good!" Seeing this, Mo Juren sneered, and said in a low voice, "Come on, catch these two guys for me."

One order.

The burly man in black standing beside him suddenly rushed towards Qin Hao who was the closest.

With both hands open, with a sharp wind, they grabbed Qin Hao's neck.

"A mere low-level corpse refiner, heh...!"

Silently, Qin Hao secretly resorted to Yufengjue, cooperating with Luo Yanbu to dodge.

At the same time, he shook his hand and threw a porcelain bottle at Mo Juren.

Mo Juren reacted extremely quickly, raising his hand was a hidden weapon, and accurately hit the porcelain bottle in the dense fog and darkness, smashing it.

"Wow...!"

The porcelain bottle was broken, and another part of the poison inside began to volatilize naturally.

Mix inside the air in a sealed room.

At the same time, Qin Hao's figure flickered, like a phantom of a ghost, silently escaped into the beam of the room, and temporarily dormant quietly.

"Do you think that with such means, you can get me?"

Mo Juren sneered confidently, his old body became tall and proud at this moment.

There is an extra majestic aura of a superior person on his body.

"Today, I will let the two of you experience what it means to be a ghost-handed Mo Juren."

Although the environment was dark and the smoke was thick, he could not see with his eyes.

But he is also very good at listening to the sound.

After a brief moment of silence, Mo Juren suddenly moved. His old body now had a series of blurred afterimages.

Pounced on Han Li in the darkness.

"Ding ding ding...!"

The sword bell in Han Li's hand swayed, causing the hair-thin silk thread to bind and restrain him.

At the same time, he cut Mo Juren's neck with his backhand.

"Just because of you, you also want to fight with me?" Mo Juren swung his backhand, and hit the blade's face with precision, deflecting the direction of the blade's slash.

At the same time, he patted Han Li's chest with his palm.

Although Han Li was shocked, he also used Luo Yanbu and Yufeng Jue to dodge with his body skills.

For a while.

He had a fight with Mo Juren who was seriously injured.

"Why isn't Junior Brother Qin making a move? What is he waiting for?" Han Li felt a little anxious. Facing Mo Juren, he was under a lot of pressure.

Suddenly, he felt Mo Juren's movements slow down and let out a muffled groan.

"good very good!"

"You actually poisoned me secretly!"

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Han Li decisively distanced himself and hid in a corner.

Also quietly dormant.

"Get ready, attack with fireball."

Suddenly, a somewhat familiar voice sounded out of nowhere in his mind, making Han Li instinctively stunned.

But soon, he realized that it was Qin Hao's voice.

In the smoky darkness.

Qin Hao waited patiently. When he noticed that Mo Juren's Yungong suppressed the poison in his body, he knew that the best opportunity had come.

"Shua...!"

The powerful spiritual consciousness comparable to the fifth level of the Qi training period violently impacted Mo Juren's spirit.

He was so shocked that his mental consciousness was in a trance.

At the same moment, Qin Hao and Han Li fired two fireballs almost simultaneously, one in front and one behind, blocking Mo Juren's dodging position.

While he was in a trance, let the fireball technique hit him successfully.

"what……!"

A scream suddenly sounded.

Mo Juren was instantly burned into a pile of ashes.

As for the Yu Zitong primordial spirit in his body, it flew out of Mo Juren's body the first time Qin Hao carried out the spiritual impact.

Trying to hide in a corner.

"Where to run!"

Qin Hao, who had been prepared for a long time, shouted loudly and rushed towards Yu Zitong.

The five fingers of his right hand formed a claw shape, brazenly grabbing at Yu Zitong's weak soul, and at the same time faintly blocked Han Li's attack direction.

"damn it……!"

Yu Zitong cursed secretly.

But in order for Gou Quan to survive, he had no choice but to take the initiative to rush to Qin Hao, who had a lower level of cultivation, and tried to seize the body forcibly, and then wanted to use the body of seizing the body to trick Han Li into living.

"Fish, take the bait!"

Qin Hao was overjoyed secretly, and his body involuntarily stopped in place.

Seeing this, Han Li remained cautious for a while, hiding in the dark, carefully observing Qin Hao's every move.



at the same time.

Inside Qin Hao's Sea of ​​Consciousness.

When Yu Zitong's primordial spirit came in aggressively, he was immediately stunned.

"how is this possible?"

"How did your primordial spirit surpass so much?!"

In his spiritual sense induction.

In the core area of ​​this sea of ​​consciousness space, a illusory vision of an extraordinary sun suddenly lit up, with a strong sense of blazing heat.

Powerful somewhat unexpected.

At this moment, Yu Zitong instinctively felt that he seemed to have chosen the wrong target, and should have chosen another black boy, Han Li.

"Fellow Daoist, forgive me, I am a casual cultivator..."

"Bold madman, how dare you use an ax in front of me!" Qin Hao's Yuanshen yelled loudly, and the Yuanshen light ball suddenly moved, and took the initiative to kill Yu Zitong Yuanshen who was extremely weak.

Although smaller in size, it is more solid.

The outer layer is even shrouded in a layer of black and white dazzling mysterious flames, which are extremely powerful.

It is far more impactful and powerful than Yu Zitong's seemingly huge, but actually somewhat illusory, hazy Yuanshen light ball. The two sides just met each other, and Yu Zitong's soul retreated steadily.

He is not the opponent of Qin Hao Yuanshen at all.

"Fellow Daoist wait a moment, I have an important matter to discuss with Fellow Daoist."

He heard Yu Zitong's eager screams.

Qin Hao's Yuanshen offensive paused slightly, and asked in a cold voice: "Tell me, if you can persuade me, I don't mind letting you live."

"Anyway, it looks like you are also a poor person who was murdered by that Mo Juren."

Yu Zitong was overjoyed when he heard these words.

Immediately without hesitation, he talked about the past between himself and Mo Juren.

Among them, true and false are mixed with each other.

In the words, he showed strong anger and disdain for Mo Juren, thinking that a mediocre mortal of his generation has the right to coexist with immortal cultivators like them.

"That Mo Juren ruined my body and wanted to become an immortal cultivator, he really didn't know how to live or die."

Soon, Yu Zitong changed his words, and said quite proudly: "However, if a person with natural spiritual roots like fellow Taoist stays in the common world for a long time, wouldn't it be a waste of life?"

"I am not talented, but I am from a family of cultivators."

"If fellow daoist is willing to find a new body with spiritual roots for me, and assist me in rebirth. I am willing to introduce fellow daoist to the elders of the clan and accept fellow daoist as a disciple."

"From now on, enjoy the immortal life of cultivating immortals."


		