

Inside the Qixuanmen.

The original mountain forest area is still some distance away from the Shenshou Valley.

Han Li secretly met with a certain well-built male disciple, and they made their own deals with each other.

"This is a copy of "Piaoyu Sword Art." The other party took out a book from his pocket, handed it to Han Li, and said: "Remember, don't reveal it easily."

"Return it to me in three days, and I will return it again."

"What about the things I want?"

"The first-class healing medicine prepared by Doctor Mo himself." Han Li also took out a white porcelain bottle and handed it to the other party, in exchange for the martial arts secret book.

The other party took what Han Li gave, uncorked the bottle, and sniffed it lightly.

Immediately showed satisfaction.

"Three days later, we are still meeting here."

After finishing speaking, the man turned around and left, and quickly disappeared before Han Li's eyes.

"I used the healing medicine I made myself to pretend to be Mo Lao's medicine, but I didn't expect the effect to be good." Han Li looked at the "Piaoyu Sword Art" martial arts cheat book in his hand, his eyes sparkled.

"My fate can only be held in my own hands."

"Nobody can control me all the time."

Han Li's eyes quickly became firm.

Then he put it in his arms, turned around and left the place from another direction.



same moment.

Within the range of Caixia Mountain, there is a desolate and uninhabited land.

The white-haired Mo Juren pinched Zhou Guanshi's neck with one hand, twisted it lightly, directly breaking his cervical vertebrae, and then let go of his five fingers.

Let the body fall to the ground.

"Another insider who knew that I was carrying a fairy treasure was successfully silenced."

"Cough cough cough...!"

He couldn't help coughing a few times again, panting for a while.

After a while, Mo Juren regained his composure, his expression became indifferent but forceful, and he turned his head to look at the oxcart team of Qixuanmen purchasing supplies on the road.

There are dead bodies everywhere, and there are no living creatures.

Recalling in his mind the list of Qixuanmen undercover agents he got from the headquarters of the Wild Wolf Gang and Zhou Guanshi, a strange look flashed in Mo Juren's eyes.

"I didn't expect that my good apprentice was actually one of the undercover agents of the Wild Wolf Gang."

"Interesting, really interesting."

"Hey hey...!"

A burst of cold and cunning laughter came from Mo Juren's mouth.

Knowing such news made him more confident in handling Qin Hao. Although the whole person looks lifeless, his life is not long.

But there is a kind of absolute confidence in strategizing.

"Han Li's weakness is his family."

"And Qin Hao's weakness is his identity as a spy."

"You two mere little fellows, even if they are enlightened by practicing the "Eternal Spring Kung Fu", how can they fight against me, Mo Juren?"

Recalling the mysteries of "Changchun Gong", Mo Juren's heart became more and more fiery and excited, and he was envious and jealous of Han Li and Qin Hao.

Envious and jealous that the two of them have spiritual roots and can cultivate immortals.

But he is just an ordinary person.

"I, Mo Juren, will defy the heavens and change my fate to become a real cultivator!"



"Shua...!"

A dazzling orange light suddenly spread out from Qin Hao's body.

Following the dim starlight he locked on with the harvesting technique, it quickly spread to the top of the sky, and quickly surpassed the existence of the atmosphere.

Diffused into the depths of the vast starry sky.

Although the orange light was bright, it was a bright and sunny day, and the sun's rays were inherently bright and dazzling, and it also had the orange spectrum itself.

It made the orange light that should have shocked the whole world look unusually inconspicuous.

almost non-existent.

at the same time.

In Qin Hao's vision, a virtual collection progress bar appeared.

It's just that the speed of the collection this time is much slower than the previous two collections, sliding towards the full grid bit by bit at a slow speed that can be called a snail crawl.

"I don't know what will be randomly collected when collecting starlight this time?"

"With the special celestial structure of the sun, even if random collection is performed, there should be no useless waste."

Qin Hao stared at the virtual progress bar in his vision, full of anticipation for opening the blind box.

There was even a trace of imperceptible tension and excitement.

The stars and sun in the extraordinary world must be somewhat different from the stars in the memory of the previous life. As for how big the difference is, and what kind of difference exists.

At this moment, he didn't know it at all.

All his attention now is on the slowly moving collection progress bar, waiting patiently for it to slide towards the full grid bit by bit.

Fortunately, this place is really remote and desolate.

Coupled with the fact that the orange light when the harvesting technique was activated was mixed into the midday sun, it was very inconspicuous, Qin Hao was not afraid that someone would notice his abnormality at the moment.



After waiting patiently for about a quarter of an hour.

The slowly moving collection progress bar finally reached the full state. At the same moment, Qin Hao felt a familiar sense of tolerance.

The five fingers are slightly closed and retracted downward.

"Shua...!"

The yingying orange light was like water waves, flowing back into his own body at an extremely fast speed.

In the palm of the left hand, a blazing and dazzling light suddenly lit up, even though it was completely contained by the outer layer of orange light film, it still couldn't conceal that radiant appearance.

Just looking at it made Qin Hao burst into tears involuntarily.

Resolutely close your eyes and don't look.

"It's so dazzling!"

"It feels like looking directly at the star core of the sun. The light is too bright, so you can't really collect an extraordinary sun?"

Subconsciously swallowing a mouthful of saliva, Qin Hao tried to calm down.

Then he opened his eyes again, squinted his eyes slightly, looked at him from the corner of his eyes, and secretly launched a detection technique on him.

next moment.

One after another, brand new information content floated out of thin air on the virtual panel in the field of vision.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Thoughts on the Dainichi Truth Form

Level: fairy level

Remarks: The true shape is always illuminated, ten thousand dharmas are invincible, the god is like a big sun, immortal and immortal

"This thing...is actually a method of cultivation?!" Seeing the information identified by the reconnaissance, Qin Hao was stunned for a moment: "The method of cultivation collected from the extraordinary sunlight seems to be similar to that of the primordial spirit. related."

"Could it be that this method can actively cultivate the primordial spirit of a cultivator?"

He thought about it carefully.

I remember that in this mortal world, the "Da Yan Jue" created by the founder of Qianzhu Sect, Dayan Shenjun, can actively practice to enhance the power of divine consciousness.

But it still doesn't involve the source of the birth of the divine consciousness - the primordial spirit.

"The true form is always shining, ten thousand dharmas are invincible, the god is like a great sun, immortal and immortal!"

"The method of cultivating the primordial spirit!"

Qin Hao muttered to himself and recited it again, a pleasant smile gradually appeared in his eyes.

There is no longer any hesitation.

He held the ball of bright light and actively pressed it on his head.


		