

Inside the room, there was smoke and darkness.

Han Li hid in a corner, observed Qin Hao carefully, and after seeing nothing, he turned his head to look at the mysterious strong man.

After discovering that the other party died at the first moment of Mo Juren's death, a strange bell dropped.

For convenient synchronization stop search attack action.

"Why is this? It's so strange."

"And this figure, why do I feel inexplicably familiar?"

Just as Han Li was secretly observing the mysterious man in black cloak.

Qin Hao also raised his head again, sensing with his spiritual sense, looked in the direction of Han Li, smiled at him, and said, "The thoughts in my heart have been cleared up, Senior Brother Xiao Han, goodbye."

"There will be fate in the future, and we will meet each other."

When he came near the door of the room, he opened the door and rushed past.

It quickly disappeared in Han Li's induction.



When Qin Hao was walking towards his Shenshougu room, in the sea of ​​consciousness, two different primordial spirits were still discussing and confronting each other.

"What you said just now, is it true?" Qin Hao asked with some surprise.

"Of course!" Yu Zitong was overjoyed, and finally tricked an ignorant little monk. He felt that there was hope for his rebirth, and his tone became more and more enthusiastic: "If you don't believe me, I am willing to swear with the lives of the whole clan that I will never Deceive friends."

"That senior brother of yours, Han Li, is a good target."

"That's my dearest and dearest senior brother of Qin Hao, how could he be reduced to your body, no way." Qin Hao refused righteously: "I will only consider it unless you let me get actual benefits, otherwise I will not agree to your proposal."

"I can't trust verbal promises."

"This guy...!" Yu Zi gritted his teeth childishly. Although he was a real rookie who didn't know anything about the world of cultivating immortals, he wasn't really a fool.

He had no choice but to suppress the emotions in his heart and use words to seduce him.

"Could it be that Fellow Daoist is really willing to give up the immortality?"

"Give me some practical benefits first, and let me see if you are lying to me." Qin Hao showed a simple face, pretending to think seriously, and suddenly said: "I used to read some biographical scripts, all It is said that the immortal cultivators from the immortal cultivating family all have Pokémon such as storage bags."

"It can be used to hold things, which is very convenient."

"The scriptures say that there is no such thing as a casual cultivator."

"Unless you let me see your storage bag with my own eyes, I will believe that you are a real cultivator from a family of immortal cultivators, otherwise I will never believe you."

"Mo Juren has already lied to me once, it is impossible for me to be fooled again."

"Unless I see it myself."

Hearing Qin Hao's words, Yu Zitong's teeth itch.

Had to explain it patiently.

"Storage bags are something that every casual cultivator has, not only those from a family of immortal cultivators have them."

"I don't believe it, I don't listen!" Qin Hao shook his head like a rattle, retorted stubbornly and argued, "I'm also a casual cultivator now, an immortal cultivator."

"Why don't I have a magic treasure like a storage bag?"

"You must be trying to deceive me in this way, so I won't be fooled unless I see it with my own eyes."


Next, no matter what Yu Zitong said, Qin Hao just put on an appearance of "I don't believe it unless I see it with my own eyes".

It gave Yu Zitong a big headache.

In the end, he had to agree that he would personally guide Qin Hao to his body.

Let him see it for himself with his own storage bag.

"You're so determined, hmph!"

"A rookie who has never touched the world of cultivating immortals, even if I really let you see my storage bag, so what?"

"However, if you make good use of this point, maybe you can really take this person away."

Yu Zitong recalled the contents of his storage bag, and thought of Qin Hao's everything from being accepted into Shenshou Valley by Mo Juren to now.

He knew that this was a real rookie cultivator.

"The special physique is really extraordinary."

"Even the scene of the primordial spirit is so special. If it can be calculated and taken away, I, Yu Zitong, will also rise up, hehehe..."

After thinking about it, he fell silent again.



"Yu Zitong definitely doesn't give up on my body. It just so happens that I also covet his storage bag." Qin Hao looked at the sky, turned and walked to his room.

There was a burst of fire in my heart.

"Immortal cultivators from a family of immortal cultivators must be much richer than casual cultivators."

"Not to mention the blood spirit grass that Yu Zitong discovered and scrambled for. It will make the immortal cultivators in the later stage of Qi training period fight for it."

"It must be a valuable treasure, and it must be in his storage bag."

"Of course, the most important point is that if I really go to the interior of a certain Xiuxianfang City, even if I want to buy a fire-attributed cultivation method, I won't have any trading items."

"I can only find a way to defraud this guy and get some original funds."

"Otherwise, I don't even have the money to buy exercises."

He was plotting against himself, and he was plotting against him.

It depends on who can fool whom.

At least with his current life experience in Shenshou Valley, he successfully deceived the other party. Let him know that he is just an ordinary boy who was lucky enough to become a rookie cultivator.



Go back inside the room.

After several days of meditating and practicing Qi, Qin Hao recovered all the consumed mana in his body.

Wait until the sun rises again the next day.

He just finished work and got up, took the surrounding map he had prepared in advance, took a handful of money, and left the Valley of Gods Hands without looking back.

Relying on the identity token of the inner disciple of Qixuanmen, he successfully left the hinterland of Qixuanmen.

Along the mountain road, go all the way to the bottom of the mountain where there is no one. Only then did Qin Hao use Yufengjue to cooperate with Luo Yanbu to drive efficiently.

The whole person went away quickly like a gust of wind.

So, stop and go, two days later, Qin Hao finally appeared in Qingniu Town.

"According to Yu Zitong, the place where he was plotted against by Mo Juren is inside Jingzhou, some distance away from Caixia Mountain."

"At least it will take more than ten days to travel."

"Buy some dry food and water first, and then see if there is a convoy heading to Huashi Town."

Arriving in Qingniu Town, Qin Hao ignored the pedestrians on the street and walked forward on his own.

And when those people saw the costumes of the inner disciples of the Qixuanmen who were wearing on his body, they unconsciously felt awe and actively moved out of the way, appearing very kind.

After a while, Qin Hao came to Chunxiang Restaurant, the only restaurant in the town.

It was also the restaurant that Uncle Han Li was in charge of.

"Guest officer, please come in quickly." Seeing the clothes on Qin Hao's body, Xiao Er smiled more obsequiously and respectfully.

"Arrange me a place where I won't be disturbed, and serve some good dishes." Qin Hao walked into the restaurant, and told Xiaoer: "Let your shopkeeper Han come over, I have something to ask him."


		