

It will take a few hours.

Qin Hao read the "Burning Flame Hell God Art" that he had just bought, and he knew it in his mind.

"As long as you have reached the seventh level of this exercise, you can practice and use its own powerful defensive power 'Hell God Armor', which greatly enhances the practitioner's own life-saving ability."

"From the first level of the cultivation method, you need the spiritual fire materials to assist in the practice."

"However, although I don't have a spiritual fire, I have a fairy fire that can grow and become stronger."

The spiritual consciousness looks at the Dantian part of the body.

The wood-attribute mana cultivated according to the "Changchun Gong" is like a nebula wall, repelled to the outermost edge of the dantian by the immortal phoenix fire in the center.

"If you directly transfer to practice, it will definitely affect the purity of mana."

"Whether the mana is pure or not will affect the probability of breaking through the foundation establishment realm in the future. Wood attribute mana and fire attribute mana will inevitably conflict with each other."

"Keeping these wood attribute mana will increase the difficulty for future foundation building breakthroughs."

Through the reading of "Burning Flame Hell God Art" just now.

Qin Hao knew in his heart that if he wanted to switch to cultivation without leaving any future troubles, he now had to completely dissipate the wood attribute mana in his body before switching to cultivation.

It is better to complete the Sangong first, and then transfer to practice.

In order to ensure the mana of different attributes, there will be no confusion, thereby reducing the quality of mana.

"Although fire can overcome wood, wood can also make fire."

"But I don't know how to generate fire-attribute mana from wood-attributed mana. I can only disperse it."

"If you choose to disperse your kung fu now, what if you encounter danger at this stage?" Qin Hao frowned, hesitating in his heart: "But if you don't disperse your kung fu now, you will not only waste the abundant aura cultivation environment here , and wasted more future training time."

"What decision should I make?"

Opening the exercise in his hand again, he read it more carefully.

Think secretly about the pros and cons.



at the same time.

Shopkeeper Zhao followed far away to the vicinity of Zuimenglou, thinking deeply.

There are senior masters sitting in the valley, so he dare not act rashly in this place to explore the secret of that kid.

We can only wait for the other party to leave Tainan Valley.

"This guy actually chooses to live here temporarily."

"Could it be that you want to attend the Tainan Xiaohui in dozens of days?"

"if it is like this……."

After hesitating for a while, shopkeeper Zhao didn't rush forward to ask the person from Zuimenglou for information.

If he accidentally startled the snake because of this, and made that kid vigilant and prepared, it would be a bit bad. Even the commotion was a little louder, and the senior masters sitting in the valley were alarmed to come forward.

At that time, even if there is really any chance benefit in that kid.

It is also impossible to fall on your own head.

Even, if this unknown opportunity is good enough, even he himself will be killed and silenced by the senior masters in the valley to prevent the news from leaking.

"It's better to bear with it first, and keep silent and brake in secret."

"Just keep an eye on this place every day."

"That place costs three spirit stones a month. For casual cultivators, no one can live long."

After careful and cautious thinking, shopkeeper Zhao walked past Zuimenglou without any trace.

It looked like wandering around the nearby Qingshi Square, looking at the scattered booths of other cultivators who came here in advance.



"It's decided, let's do my exercises here, and then switch to exercises!" Qin Hao folded the exercise secret books in his hands and made up his mind: "According to the abundant aura environment here, combined with my own fire attribute special physique bonus increase .”

"It must be able to greatly increase the speed of cultivation."

"Maybe, by the end of this Tainan small meeting, my mana cultivation may be deeper than what I have now."

Now that I have made up my mind.

Qin Hao didn't hesitate any longer, he stood up, left this room, and walked towards the interior of the closed room instead.

Go up to the second floor and push open the door of the secret room.

Reflexively locked the door of the secret room internally to ensure that no one would disturb him.

Qin Hao first checked the secret room carefully, and after finding nothing wrong, he sat on the futon, took out the storage bag, and put it beside him.

Then close your eyes and sink your mind into your body.

Start to take the initiative to do exercises.

"It's too wasteful to disperse directly."

"You might as well use it as nourishment and feed it to Feng Yan's kindling."

As his mind turned, the wood attribute mana in his body, under Qin Hao's active control, rushed towards the inner part of the Inextinguishable Fengyan Fire Seed at the center of his dantian.

At the same time, he distracted himself from controlling Fengyan Fire Seed, completely absorbing these wood attribute mana.

"Chi Chi Chi...!"

Waves of subtle and strange sounds resounded in Feng Yan.

Wood attribute mana is quickly consumed. After a while, Qin Hao felt an emptiness in his body, and really wanted to be filled with something again.

He suppressed the strange feeling in his body.

Actively mobilize the power of Immortal Fengyan, let it show some power, and completely burn the traces of wood attribute mana remaining in the dantian.

Black and white flames carry the power of good fortune and destruction.

Carefully purify the inside of the dantian thoroughly.

"You can start to practice exercises."

"Let me see what kind of power this "Burning Flame Hell God Art" will produce when combined with Undying Fengyan."

Converge your mind and stop thinking about it.

Qin Hao began to follow the practice method recorded in "Burning Flame Hell God Art", and began to transfer exercises.

The abundant aura from the outside world was slowly absorbed by him into his body.

Following the special meridians covered with black and white mysterious textures, it circulates throughout Qin Hao's body with a new mana circulation refining system.

And formed a wonderful fusion melting formation.

"boom……!"

at the same time.

The black and white flames were drawn and absorbed by an inexplicable way, like a black and white light mist, gushing out from Qin Hao's dantian.

Melt into the mysterious smelting formation by itself to produce new changes.

"Take the dantian as the formation eye, the meridians as the formation pattern, the spiritual energy as the energy source, and the Fengyan as the raw material."

"And then use this to cultivate the special magic power of "Burning Flame Hell God Art"."

"This kind of cultivation method is very different from the peaceful practice of "Changchun Gong". Is this the difference between ordinary low-level exercises and high-quality exercises?"

After personally experiencing the practice of this exercise, Qin Hao immediately noticed the difference.

It is far more complicated and has many differences than the exercise cycle system of "Changchun Gong". Because the flame in it is an indispensable auxiliary cultivation material.

"I don't know what happened to the strongest ancient martial art in the legend?"


		