

Just when Han Li guessed that Qin Hao would do this.

Wang Juechu, who was always watching Han Li's every move, was keenly aware of the change in the expression in Han Li's eyes, and suddenly he had some confidence in his heart.

"He really knows the content of this fairy book!"

"From this point of view, it is very likely that it has something to do with Mo Juren. Moreover, both Han Li and Qin Hao have obtained something related."

"Then this thing should be true."

"Where is the Golden Light Temple?" Han Li looked at the white paper in his hand, and suddenly asked, "And the Master Jinguang, what's the details?"

Hearing Han Li's inquiry.

Wang Juechu didn't hide anything, and told Han Li the information about Jinguangguan he had found out before.

Suddenly, a bold guess suddenly appeared in my heart.

"Could it be... that Master Jin Guang is also an immortal?!"

"My Wang Juechu was lucky enough to meet three immortals in a row?"

Thinking of this, Wang Juechu felt excited.

There was a different look in his eyes.

"Thinking about it this way, Master Jin Guang is also a cultivator of immortality." Han Li thought thoughtfully, and shook his hands to throw the blank paper back to Wang Juechu, reminding him: "This thing is real, but I don't want to To practice, only those who have wood spirit roots can do it."

"The spiritual root is an innate talent, and it cannot be taken away at all."

"Everyone, see you later."

After finishing speaking, Han Li secretly used Yufeng Jue.

The whole person is like a ghost, leaving the Qixuan Palace at an inconceivably terrifying speed, and once again silently frightened the high-level personnel of the Qixuanmen.

Witnessing such a terrifying and astonishing agility once again.

The high-level personnel of Qixuanmen were all shocked, envious and jealous in their hearts.

There is also a strong fear.

"Master, what shall we do next...?" A hall master surnamed Zhang looked at Wang Juechu, the master of the sect, the meaning in his eyes was a bit imaginative.

"No, we may not be the opponents of the immortals, and it is very likely that we will bring disaster." Wang Juechu thought carefully, looking at the white paper and porcelain bottle in his hand.

After a brief moment of silence, a new order was suddenly issued.

"Investigate Mo Juren's true identity with all his strength, and how did he get his fairy fate?"

"After all...he is just a mortal sick old man."

Hearing Wang Juechu's words, everyone immediately understood his true meaning.

One by one couldn't help but get a little excited.

"In addition, large-scale recruiting has begun in the door, using the first layer of the cultivation method as a way to test the practice." Wang Juechu looked at the white paper in his hand, a flash of fire flashed in his eyes, and said in a low voice: " Mo Juren would do that, there must be a reason for it.”

"The Valley of God's Hands, it is also necessary to search and investigate carefully."


After arranging and handling the next many things.

When the sky had already reached the moon above the treetops, Wang Juechu and the others left Qixuan Hall one after another with different emotions, and went to do their own things together.

Someone secretly sneaked into the Valley of Gods Hands overnight to search for possible clues.

There were also people who were still unwilling to give up and tried to track down Han Li to see if they could get more benefits from him.

Even Wang Juechu, the master of Qixuanmen.

Quiet Mimi came to the bottom of Sunset Peak alone, entered an unusually hidden passage, and walked towards the special and mysterious cave that naturally existed inside Sunset Peak.

See if you can find clues to the mysterious orange light from that mysterious cave.



After leaving the headquarters of Qixuanmen.

Han Li took his pet, Quhun, and walked on the dirt road in the deserted mountains, thinking about many things in his mind.

"Why did Junior Brother Qin do it?"

"Then is Master Jin Guang's cultivation strong or weak?"

"Since he came back, why didn't he come to me? I also want to ask Junior Brother Qin about the outside affairs so that I can make some preparations."

"And that mysterious orange light, what is it?"

"Could it be that in the Sunset Peak of Caixia Mountain, is there any chance encounter with a treasure from the Immortal Family?"


One doubt after another came to mind one after another.

It made Han Li frown from time to time.

After a while, he had a new decision in his mind.

"For the time being, don't leave the range of Caixia Mountain."

"Firstly, you can see the follow-up trend of Qixuanmen; secondly, you can continue to practice hard and improve your cultivation; as for the third point, if it is inside the Sunset Peak of Caixia Mountain, there are really some fairy treasures."

"At that time, I can try to grab it by force and turn it into my own help."

With many thoughts in mind, Han Li began to look for a new place for himself in the mountains of Caixia Mountain.



In the darkness, a little green light suddenly bloomed.

Along with Qin Hao's attempt to use the wood-based basic magic spell, the land covered by the magic light, those flowers and plants suddenly grew and mutated at an extremely fast rate.

The blades become sharp as knives, and the vines become flexible like steel.

More than a dozen vines entwine and twist each other, like more than a dozen terrifying monster pythons burst out with strangling power, quickly smashing the thick tree surrounded by the center into pieces of wood.

"Crack, click...!"

Branches, stems and leaves snapped off one after another, accompanied by pieces of wood, flying all over the sky.

Soon, without the mana support of wood attribute spells, those mutated flowers and plants returned to their original state, and some even died directly.

"The comprehension efficiency of spells has obviously improved a lot."

"Thinking about it this way, it should be my own comprehension, and also because of the influence of the power of the law that the Five Elements Fairy Root itself has, it has been substantially improved."

It's just a continuous painstaking study for several hours.

The completely unfamiliar wood attribute spell entanglement was successfully introduced by Qin Hao's enlightenment practice, and he completed the first successful casting of the entanglement.

With such terrifying efficiency, it takes more than a month and ten days to succeed in the initial practice compared to before.

Undoubtedly an incredible leap forward.

"How can I finish the wool in Caixia Mountain quickly?" Qin Hao fell into serious thinking, having personally experienced the high-end goods related to the fairy-level true spirit Tianfeng, he has a little disdain for ordinary things.

At the moment, my mind is full of thoughts of plucking wool.

"Since the Sunset Peak is the main peak of the Caixia Mountain Range and the core of the mountain range, the focus of future collection will be on the Sunset Peak."

"See if you can increase the chances of getting a good product by narrowing the random range."

Thinking about it, I couldn't help recalling the news related to Sunset Peak in my mind.

"I remember that inside Sunset Peak, there is a huge natural cavity."

"According to the conclusion of the birth and evolution of normal mountain peaks, it is impossible for a hole of that scale to form at all, and the mountain will collapse and destroy directly."

"But it does exist inside Sunset Peak."

"Is there something hidden in that mysterious hole?"


		