

When Qin Hao probed into the third storage bag with his spiritual sense, he immediately understood that this thing was definitely not made by Master Jin Guang.

He only has the third floor of the Qi training period, not even the fourth floor of the Qi training period.

There is no power of consciousness at all.

But this storage bag is the type driven by spiritual consciousness. And the internal storage space is many times larger than the first two storage bags.

"Could it be that this thing was deliberately left behind by the elder monks before Master Jin Guang?"

"In case the family declines, reserve the resources to make a comeback?"

Sensing carefully with his spiritual sense, Qin Hao thought deeply.

Then he took them all out and counted them, and many jade boxes, jade bottles and other things appeared one after another on the wooden table in front of him.

Even the number of spirit stones far exceeds the stock of the previous storage bags.

Looking at the colorful spiritual stones of various attributes piled up in front of him, Qin Hao only felt that he was getting rich suddenly, and he deeply realized that the fastest way to get rich is to rob houses.

If you are honest and honest, you will always be at the bottom of society.

"The total number of low-grade spirit stones of various attributes is 3,678 pieces."

"There are also middle-grade spirit stones, three of fire attribute, five of water attribute, three of thunder attribute, nine of wood attribute, six of earth attribute, seven of ice attribute, three of wind attribute, A total of thirty-six medium-grade spirit stones."

Quickly count the Lingshi resources.

Afterwards, Qin Hao glanced at the books again, which were the full set of thirteen-level cultivation methods and foundation-building exercises for seven different spiritual roots of gold, wood, water, fire, earth, ice, and thunder.

These things also show signs of a comeback.

"It seems that the Qin family's decline has already been prepared by the Qin family's immortal cultivators."

"In the end, only Master Jin Guang was left alone."

"Now, this last only seedling is gone, and the Qin family, a family of cultivators, has completely disappeared and ceased to exist."

Without the cultivation base of the fourth floor of the Qi training period, even this storage bag cannot be opened. It is estimated that Master Jin Guang didn't know what was inside until his death.

Feel free to browse through those basic qi training exercises.

Qin Hao put it aside, stopped paying more attention, and continued to check the contents of those jade bottles and jade boxes.

After a careful and careful inventory check, he had an idea in his mind.

"One seed of the fourth-level spirit peach tree, seven seeds of the third-level spirit peach tree, three seeds of the second-level amethyst pear,..., three bottles of first-level red bud rice seeds, and five bottles of first-level spirit wheat seeds."

"All are family-type rising resources. For families, they are the foundation of resources."

"But for casual cultivators who come and go alone, these things have become tasteless items that are tasteless to eat and a pity to discard."

The Xiuxian family has a fixed spiritual field, which has enough time to exist, to pass on from generation to generation, and to cultivate and use these seeds of cultivation resources.

However, there are no conditions for the use of these resource seeds for individual casual cultivators.

"If you were in another family of cultivators, getting these things would be like a treasure." Qin Hao looked at the pile of resource seeds in front of him, and secretly sighed helplessly: "But I am just a casual cultivator, and I don't have my own fixed spiritual field. to nurture."

"Running here and there, living in no fixed place."

"Without a spiritual field with sufficient spiritual energy, even with the towering liquid, it cannot be cultivated. Before the towering liquid can take effect, the spiritual plant itself will wither due to insufficient spiritual energy."

After counting these things, he was completely sure that this was one of the family backgrounds of the comeback left by the Qin family of the immortal cultivating family to his descendants.

But for him personally, it is not very useful.

Unless he also creates a cultivating family himself, these resource seeds can be brought into full play and become the resource economic foundation of a cultivating family.

"Forget it, put it away first."

"It's really not possible. These resource seeds can be resold to other immortal cultivating families in the future."

Waved away all resource seeds.

Qin Hao looked at the large number of remaining spirit stones, and suddenly felt that this robbery was not in vain.

"Although these things seem to be a lot, for a family of cultivating immortals, I'm afraid they are not even a drop in the bucket."

"The family background that has been passed down for a long time is indeed far beyond ordinary casual cultivators."

After appreciating the spoils carefully for a while, Qin Hao waved away everything.

Then he left Jinguang Temple again and headed towards Caixia Mountain where Qixuanmen is located. After traveling for several days with Yufengjue, he appeared in the mountains of Caixia Mountain.

Looking at the majestic and towering mountains in the distance, the clouds are steaming and foggy, and the scenery is beautiful.

Qin Hao was full of anticipation.

"This Caixia Mountain is the place where I rose up."

"I hope that the next collection in seven days will be able to collect some useful good things. It's not like that fairy-level light root, which can be seen temporarily but cannot be used."

Randomly found an undisturbed remote area in the Caixia Mountain range.

Qin Hao quickly excavated and created a temporary retreat and cultivation place with the fireball technique. After the magma inside the cave cooled and solidified again, he drilled into it again.

Waving his hand, he took out a middle-grade fire-attribute spirit stone and used it directly as a cultivation resource.

Started to continue to silently practice the fourth layer of "Burning Flame Hell God Art".



Seven days passed in a flash.

The stone blocking the entrance of the cave was removed from the inside again, and a young boy with a rather immature face walked out slowly.

"Cultivating with middle-grade spirit stones, the speed is really fast."

"In just seven days, I can clearly feel that my cultivation has improved. But this method of cultivation is also extremely extravagant, and it is a waste of Lingshi."

When he came outside, Qin Hao was not in a hurry to collect.

Instead, use the reconnaissance technique that cools down once per hour to conduct reconnaissance and search, looking for the most suitable target for the collection technique.

Minimize the random range of random acquisitions as much as possible.

In this way, several hours later, after using many times of reconnaissance techniques, Qin Hao locked on the Sunset Peak.

"The main peak is the core of the mountain range, and it is the hub of venation interaction."

"It is also the original target most likely to collect good things."

With a decision in his mind, Qin Hao used Yufeng Jue again, and quickly traveled through this mountain range at extremely high speed.

In silence, he crossed one steep mountain after another, and sneaked alone to the bottom of the main peak, Sunset Peak, inside Qixuanmen.

Looking at this steep and tall mountain, he did not hesitate at all.

Put your right hand on the mountain wall.

Secretly used the collection technique, and locked the collection target to the current Sunset Peak.

"Shua...!"

In an instant, a bright orange light gushed out from his palm.

Like a dazzling streamer, the extreme speed enveloped the entire Sunset Peak. At the same time, a virtual collection progress bar appeared on Qin Hao's personal interface.


		