

Holding this small orange light ball in his hand, Qin Hao felt a mess in his heart.

Light, darkness, ice, thunder, and wind are the five different spiritual roots. He knows where four of them are located and where they can be obtained.

The Immortal Cultivation Technique of Dark Spirit Root can be found in the Ghost Spirit Sect of Tianluo Kingdom.

Bing Linggen's cultivation method of cultivating immortals exists in the Yan Family of Guyushan in the Yue Kingdom and the Xiaoji Palace in the Great Jin Dynasty.

In addition, there is also the Star Palace of Chaotic Star Sea.

One of Feng Linggen's immortal cultivation techniques can be obtained from the Lu family, a family of immortal cultivators, while the second source of the cultivation techniques is in the Scarlet Forbidden Land jointly controlled by the seven major sects of the Yue Kingdom.

As for the third source, it is also in the hands of the benevolent Feng Xi from the Luan Xinghai.

The fourth source of exercises can be obtained from the grandparents of the Xiao family in the capital of the Yue Kingdom, and they can also indirectly obtain the cultivation exercises of the wind attribute.

As for Lei Linggen's immortal cultivation technique, there is also more than one source.

The Murong family, a family of immortal cultivators in the Yue Kingdom, has it. In addition, Lei Wanhe of Huangfeng Valley also has this kind of thunder attribute exercise in his hands.

Only the light-attribute cultivating skills, Qin Hao has no idea where he can get them.

There is not the slightest clue to follow.

"The fairy-level light root is indeed a good thing!" Qin Hao carefully looked at it again and again, and in the end, he silently chose to give up and not integrate and absorb this thing for the time being.

"This thing, we can only decide how to use it later."

"If it doesn't work, destroy it and throw it away."

This kind of thing is enough to completely change a person's fate and future.

If there is no absolute certainty, Qin Hao will not reveal the slightest bit to the outside world. He would rather destroy it and waste it, and never allow it to bring huge hidden dangers to himself.

Hold it in your hand, look and look.

In the end, Qin Hao put it into the storage bag and temporarily stored it.

Then he raised his right hand.

Half an inch above the tip of the finger, a small black fireball suddenly appeared. It didn't seem to be as big as a walnut, but it carried palpitating energy fluctuations.

Qin Hao waved his hand and bounced it towards a hard rock not far away.

The small black fireball at the fingertips flew outwards at an extreme speed, and quickly hit the hard rock.

"boom……!"

In an instant, the small black fireball erupted with terrifying power!

The large hard rock with a height of one person, together with the area around it with a radius of Zhang Xu, instantly turned into a scalding hot red magma area.

All these transformations are completed in an instant.

With such power, Qin Hao's eyelids twitched and his scalp tingled when he saw it. I know that even if I accidentally get contaminated with this thing, I can instantly vaporize myself.

"The power of the black phoenix's amplified fireball technique is truly terrifying!"

"I'm afraid it's the thirteenth-level Dzogchen cultivator in the Qi training period. If he gets such a shot, his life will be lost, and he will be wiped out on the spot."

"But if you are dodged by the opponent, that is another matter."

The fire bomb technique does not have the ability to force the lock, and there is a possibility of being dodged.

Although the power is astonishing, if you can't hit someone, it's useless. Qin Hao tried it himself, and he knew it in his mind.

"Not only is the fireball much more powerful, but its flight speed has also become much faster."

"If you want to dodge and avoid it, the difficulty is much higher than that of ordinary fireball."

Standing on a cliff.

Qin Hao looked at this vast land of mountains and rivers, and his heart was full of pride.

Secretly using Yufengjue, the whole person flew down from the cliff, the steep mountain wall, as if walking on flat ground, and quickly returned to the way when he came.

"Seven Profound Gates, Caixia Mountain!"

"I, Qin Hao, am back!"



The years passed away quietly.

Before I knew it, another two months passed by.

On this day, inside Qingniu Town, a young boy wearing a strong black suit came. He looked immature and young, but his evil spirit was not low.

Let others know that this person has killed many people just by taking a look at him, so he is not easy to mess with.

"The way back is much safer."

"And the time was significantly shortened, it took less than five months. It was much faster than the eight months when I went there before."

"It's just that the Jingzhou Qixuanmen area is really barren, and the aura is extremely thin."

"No wonder there aren't many immortal cultivators coming here during the Qi training period."

Walking alone on the bustling Qingniu Town Street.

Qin Hao skillfully arrived at the gate of Chunxiang Restaurant, and as soon as he walked in, some clever waiters immediately greeted him and asked aloud.

"Guest officer, please!"

"I don't know if the guest officer is a top player? Or staying in a hotel?"

"Bring a portion of all the special dishes in your shop." Qin Hao walked into the door, took out a silver ingot, threw it to the waiter, and ordered: "Another pot of good tea, no wine."

"Hey, okay, please sit down, guest officer, and the things will be delivered to you immediately!"

The shop waiter took the ingot of silver, and the smile on his face became brighter and flattering.

Quickly settled this generous guest, hurriedly walked down to pass the menu, and dealt with things swiftly.

not for a while.

The waiter in the shop brought out dish after dish of delicious dishes with all kinds of color, fragrance and taste.

Qin Hao picked up a pair of chopsticks and ate very calmly. The whole process of cooking and delivering the food is in his spiritual sense.

I am not afraid of someone secretly doing something in it.

After waiting until he finished eating, Qin Hao didn't linger here, and walked directly to the inside of Qixuanmen. Those patrolling disciples along the way were completely unaware of his presence.

Familiar with the road, wandering around for a while.

Qin Hao soon appeared near Sunset Peak.

Looking up, I can see that the main peak of Caixia Mountain, Sunset Peak, is steep and steep, with beautiful scenery. Every evening, Sunset Peak is the most beautiful moment.

Surrounded by dazzling rosy clouds, it looks like a piece of fairy land.

But in Qin Hao's own eyes, using reconnaissance techniques to investigate, there are still mysteries and mysteries inside the main peak of Caixia Mountain.

It's just that it's very weak now, and it can't be noticed by ordinary cultivators at all.

The unquenchable celestial fire that I collected back then, Feng Yan, was just one of them.

"A fairy-level true spirit phoenix failed to be reborn from the ashes of fire and died here completely. After a long period of time, it finally turned into this Caixia mountain range."

Qin Hao looked up at Sunset Peak, the main peak of Caixia Mountain, and his mind was full of thoughts.

"It is said that the phoenix never falls into a land without treasure."

"Is the fairy-level true spirit phoenix that once appeared here related to that bottle?"

"Accidentally drifted here together with the Zhangtian bottle? Or did you follow it up quietly and want to take the opportunity to take the Zhangtian bottle?"

"That fairy-level true spirit Tianfeng was seriously injured by who, causing Nirvana to fail and die here?"

"I always feel that the water inside is a bit too deep."

If the former is possible, it's okay to say.

But if the latter is possible, the death of the fairy-level true spirit Tianfeng here is a tragic example of tampering with the sky bottle.


		