

When his spiritual sense penetrated into Yu Zitong's storage bag, Qin Hao only saw a few things, not many.

"Sure enough, it is a low-level storage bag, and it can be used without refining."

Temporarily withdraw consciousness.

Qin Hao looked at the gloomy and cold environment around him, and immediately used Yufeng Jue and Luo Yanbu again, and his whole body was like a gust of wind, walking on tree trunks and leaves.

In just a short moment, he flew up from the bottom of the steep hillside here.

He is as vigorous and agile as a peerless light kung fu master.

After going up the hillside, the cold feeling subsided a lot. But in this primeval forest, in the evening, I still feel a burst of cold.

Fortunately, the current Qin Hao, although his cultivation base is low, is not a pure mortal.

Naturally, it can withstand the environmental conditions here.

"Let me think about it, how is the low-level storage bag used?" Qin Hao held the dirty storage bag in one hand, stood where he was, and carefully recalled the relevant memories of his previous life.

After a while, he poked his consciousness into the storage bag.

Then he locked one of the long jade boxes with his spiritual consciousness, and gently pulled it outward. In an instant, the jade box flew out of the storage bag with the consciousness.

And its size is also naturally restored from the miniature size to the original normal size.

"Sure enough, it's easy to use."

"The space treasure of Nasumi Mustard."

Qin Hao stretched out his left hand and accurately caught the mutton fat jade box.

After observing carefully for a while, he turned around again, and saw an unknown talisman stuck on the other side of the jade box.

On the surface of the talisman, there was still faint fluorescence circulating.

"What's in here?"

"If you open it rashly, will there be any danger?"

Secretly recalling the encounter between Yu Zitong and Mo Juren that they said respectively, although there are some differences and slight differences, the general situation is not much different.

Inevitably, accidents will happen, and the boat will capsize in the gutter.

Qin Hao deliberately placed the opening of the jade box in his hand towards the open space on his side, and then casually tore off the unknown talisman stuck on it.

And open the lid of the jade box directly.

"Fortunately, there is no hidden opening mechanism trap."

Noticing that there was nothing unexpected, Qin Hao turned the box towards himself, and saw that there was a plant similar to red oil flower inside.

"This thing... Could it be the elixir blood spirit grass that can allow immortal cultivators in the late stage of Qi training to improve their cultivation and break through the realm?"

After taking a closer look, Qin Hao closed the lid in his hand again.

Picking up the unknown talisman again, trying to paste it directly in its original position, but for some reason, it just couldn't be pasted.

After thinking about it, he input some mana into the unknown talisman in his hand.

But still can't stick it.

"Could it be that this talisman needs to be cast and recited?"

Completely lacking the basic knowledge of the world of cultivating immortals, Qin Hao didn't know what to do, and didn't know anything, so he had to put the talisman and the jade box back into the storage bag.

Then he swept away his consciousness.

From the inside of the storage bag, take out all other remaining things.

They were thirteen stone-like objects, but containing aura, five empty jade bottles, two empty jade boxes, a gourd-shaped ritual vessel, and two jade slips.

besides.

It is some clothes for changing and washing, and valuable things such as gold, silver, and jade in the common world.

Among them, the amount of gold and silver is far more than other things.

"There are so few things. It should be that Yu Zitong used up other things when he competed with the powerful enemy for the blood spirit grass." Qin Hao looked at the harvest this time and thought in his heart: "It should be like this."

"Otherwise, how could a cultivator from a family of cultivators be so destitute and poor."

Pick up the thing that looks like a stone and has aura inside.

He observed carefully and guessed in his heart that this object should be the spiritual stone, the currency of immortal cultivators.

"The funds to purchase the basic immortal cultivation techniques are considered to be available."

Putting away all the spirit stones with a wave, Qin Hao picked up the two jade slips again, thought secretly for a while, and then stuck one of the jade slips on his forehead.

Then, with his spiritual consciousness, he tried to penetrate into the inside of the jade slip.

Soon, he noticed strange streams of cold air flowing in them, and different lines and words were combined to form a map.

Although it looks tiny, it is lifelike and extremely detailed.

There are many names marked on the map.

"Huangfeng Valley in Taiyue Mountains, Ye Family in Qin Yeling, Wan Family in Kuya Mountain, Yan Family in Guyu Mountain, Li Family in Bibo Lake,..."

After a quick glance, Qin Hao understood it.

This is a common-sense map about the sect of cultivating immortals and the family of cultivating immortals in Yue Kingdom.

"The first time Yu Zitong walked out of Xiuxian's house, he was messed up by Mo Juren. He is really a novice. But it just so happens that this map has taught me a lot of news."

"It's not that you can't even figure out the direction."

Putting away the jade slip in his hand, he picked up another jade slip again, pasted it on his forehead, and probed with his spiritual sense.

Soon, some new content was known to Qin Hao.

"The encyclopedia of common elixir and the explanation of basic alchemy really deserves to be an immortal cultivator from a family of immortal cultivators. In terms of knowledge inheritance, it far exceeds that of casual cultivators."

"These seemingly useless things just made me no longer ignorant of the world of cultivating immortals."

"It can be regarded as an initial break from the ignorance of Mengxin Xiaobai."

Qin Hao was not surprised to be able to get these things.

After all, for Yu Zitong, it was actually the first time for him to go out on his own. It's just that he was unlucky and met Mo Juren.

"The immortal cultivators on the seventh floor during the Qi training period were all killed accidentally when they went out."

"I'm going to be more cautious in the future."

Throw away all the clothes and other things inside.

The remaining things are put back into the storage bag. Qin Hao used Yufengjue to cooperate with Luo Yanbu, and hurried on the road. It took three days to return to Huashi Town.

Opened a first-class room in the inn in the town, entered it, and took a short rest.

Wait until the cooldown of Spotting has passed.

Only then did Qin Hao take out the black gourd-shaped unknown magic weapon again, and use the reconnaissance technique to investigate.

【Investigation target attribute】

Name: Soul Refining Gourd (Residual)

Grade: Level 1

Remarks: Possesses the ability of conjuring souls and refining souls, masters the way of ghosts, can conceive and raise little ghosts in gourds

"This thing...!" Qin Hao held it in his hand, hesitated for a while, and finally did not choose to try to refine this thing.

For one thing, the mana in his body is really too little.

Secondly, this thing is incomplete, with a little damage, and he feels that it is not worth wasting time and energy on it.

"Forget it, let's go to Guanggui City in Lanzhou early."

"The most important thing is to get the fire-attributed immortal cultivation technique, everything can be put on the back burner."


		