

Concentrate on repairing for a whole day, and restore everything to its peak state.

Only then did Qin Hao leave the farmyard in the mountain village where he lived temporarily, and walked towards the strange and foggy hillside in the north of Tainan Mountain that he had inquired about in the past few days.

After several hours.

Qin Hao came near the strange foggy hillside that the villagers in those mountain villages talked about.

He secretly used the Celestial Eye Technique to carefully observe the dense fog here, and found that there was a spiritual light inside it, which was white and bright.

Immediately, I knew that I had found the right place.

"I found the place, but how should I call the door?" Qin Hao stood on the spot, frowning and thinking about the memory: "If you want to use the sound transmission technique, you must first know the spell formula of the sound transmission technique, and you must also have the sound transmission talisman to cooperate with it." Row."

"But I don't have any of these things, and I won't at all."

Standing where he was, he scratched his head for a while.

After a while, Qin Hao stood near the mist and shouted loudly.

"The younger generation came to Tainan Xiaohui, but forgot to bring the sound transmission talisman, and please ask the seniors in the valley to activate the formation!"

"The younger generation came to Tainan Xiaohui, but forgot to bring the sound transmission talisman, and please ask the seniors in the valley to activate the formation!"


He yelled several times in a row.

Soon, Qin Hao saw that the thick fog in front of him began to roll, gradually revealing a hollow passage.

"Thank you senior!"

He was the first to say thanks.

Then it entered the inside of the mist passage, it seemed like a long journey, but it passed by in the blink of an eye.

When he crossed the opposite side of the fog, a vibrant valley suddenly appeared in front of him, surrounded by mountains on three sides, with only one entrance and exit behind him.

The interior is full of exotic flowers and plants, all of which are rare in the outside world.

In the central area of ​​the valley, which covers an area of ​​about one hundred mu, there are many exquisite pavilions standing among them, with carved beams and painted buildings, which are magnificent.

And in front of this attic, there is a large bluestone square.

Perhaps it was because the Tainan Small Meeting had not yet officially come. Although the interior of the Tainan Valley seemed to be still populated, it was not too lively.

On the contrary, it was a little deserted.

Qin Hao glanced back, and found that the misty passage that he just entered had disappeared out of thin air.

He didn't hesitate too much.

Take the initiative to walk towards the exquisite building in the central area.

After a while, he came to the door of a Fangshi store with "Zhao's Grocery Store" written on the plaque, took a closer look, and walked into the store.

A young man who was half lying on a recliner reading a book noticed someone coming in.

Immediately stood up and said hello.

"What do fellow daoists need?"

"In our Zhao's grocery store, there are basically things commonly used by immortal cultivators during the Qi training period."

"Is there a full version of the fire attribute cultivation method for the Qi training period?" Qin Hao asked straight to the point.

"Of course there are, and there are more than one kind." With a smiley expression on his face, the shopkeeper quickly glanced at Qin Hao's cultivation base with his celestial eye technique.

Knowing that the second floor of the Qi training period has not yet produced divine consciousness, the jade slip cannot be used.

He took the initiative to introduce aloud.

"The common methods of cultivating immortals can be divided into three categories."

"The first type is the kind of cultivation method that progresses quickly, has a strong fighting effect, and also has related supernatural powers."

"As for the second type, the speed of practice is slow, without supernatural powers, but it is peaceful and peaceful, and there is no risk of going crazy."

"As for the third type, it belongs to the type that requires special materials to assist in the practice before it can be practiced normally, but the supernatural powers that come with it are often of a very special type."

"I don't know what type of fire attribute kung fu this fellow daoist needs?"

Hearing the brief introduction from shopkeeper Zhao, Qin Hao secretly scolded the other party for being dishonest and a cunning and profiteer.

It only talks about the advantages of the exercises, but does not mention the disadvantages at all.

On the surface, he looked as if he didn't notice anything, standing in place, with a serious look on his mind.

"I don't know what special materials are needed to assist in the practice of the third type of exercises mentioned by the shopkeeper?"

"This is not fixed, the exercises are different, and the materials needed to assist cultivation are also different." Shopkeeper Zhao saw that Qin Hao was interested, and immediately talked about it.

Started to introduce and sell hard.

"For example, in the "Longjin Jue", when practicing, you need to use any kind of material in the essence of hardware as an auxiliary practice resource."

"When this technique has been practiced to a certain extent, it can display a special supernatural power of the 'golden body', which greatly enhances the practitioner's own defense and attack power against the enemy."

"Another example is the "Fire Cloud Kungfu". The auxiliary materials needed for practice are a kind of spiritual plant poisonous flower called 'Aoi Flower'."

"After this technique is completed, one's mana can have the special effect of poison in the fire, and it can also have a killing supernatural power of 'poison fire barrier'."

"Another example is "Swallowing Flames to Brighten Your Mind"..."


Shopkeeper Zhao talked about several kinds of fire-attribute exercises that required corresponding auxiliary items in order to practice normally. Among them, the one that attracted Qin Hao's attention the most.

It is a fire attribute technique called "Burning Flame Hell God Art".

The necessary auxiliary training items for this exercise are any type of spiritual fire.

What kind of ability does the spirit fire have, and the fire attribute mana cultivated through it will be fused and inherited to the corresponding special ability.

The size of the power is closely related to the strength of the spiritual fire.

Even the purity of the mana is related to the spiritual fire itself used for secondary cultivation.

But the spiritual fire itself, which is naturally born in heaven and earth, is an extremely rare thing. I don't know how many immortal cultivators with profound magic powers may not be able to find them after searching for a lifetime.

"Shopkeeper Zhao, I have a question I want to ask." Qin Hao thought for a moment, and asked, "I don't know if the beast fire emitted by those fire-attribute monsters, or the real fire of Senior Foundation Establishment, can be used as a weapon for this kind of fire." Auxiliary training materials for "Burning Flame Hell God Art"?"

"Of course it can. But these flames can't be regarded as real spiritual fires of heaven and earth." Shopkeeper Zhao looked at Qin Hao thoughtfully, and said with deep meaning: "So the mana and supernatural powers cultivated through this are not comparable to The mana and supernatural powers obtained from normal cultivation."

"I don't know how you plan to cultivate?"

"I'm going to ask my master to help me cultivate with the help of his foundation-building real fire." Qin Hao made a fool of himself, and then brought up the business: "Master Zhao, how much is this "Burning Flame Hell God Art" worth?"

Shopkeeper Zhao rolled his eyes when he heard this.

He looked at the immature boy in front of him quite carefully and quickly, and he knew it.

With a smile, he gave his own price.

"Ten low-grade spirit stones."

"Ten spirit stones, why don't you grab them?" Qin Hao was very dissatisfied when he heard this, always feeling that this guy was trying to trick him because he was young and immature.


		