

Feeling that he has completely controlled Han Li and Qin Hao, Mo Juren smiled more and more wildly, no longer trying to hide it.

"Hahahahaha...!"

"If you want to live in the future, then work hard and practice hard."

"If the time comes, I won't be able to live. Then you two, don't even think about living."

After threatening, he began to comfort Han Li and Qin Hao with words.

"But don't worry, as long as you can practice it by then, you can help me resolve the hidden dangers in my body."

"Although I will not really accept you as personal disciples, I will also give you a happy and healthy life of wealth and honor in the future, so that you will be free from worries."

While talking, Mo Juren couldn't help coughing violently again.

His complexion became more and more ugly.

Waving with his left hand, Qin Hao and Han Li turned around and left after seeing this.



Walk inside the Valley of the Gods.

Han Li turned his head and glanced at Qin Hao beside him. Seeing that he was calm and untroubled, he had some thoughts in his mind.

"Junior Brother Qin, do you have any solution?"

"How can I have a solution, let's go back and practice honestly." Qin Hao shook his head helplessly with a bitter face, and walked to his room on his own.

Hearing this, Han Li's complexion was cloudy and uncertain, and he planned to go back to his room to try.

See if you can dissolve it with a detox pill.



Just when Qin Hao was talking to Han Li.

More than ten feet away behind the two, in a hidden corner, Mo Juren was standing here quietly, eavesdropping on the conversation between Han Li and Qin Hao.

After hearing that neither of them had anything to do with it.

Only then did he show a gesture of satisfaction, and then he turned and left the place quietly. After returning to the house, after a little self-cultivation, he moved out to live near the entrance of Shenshou Valley.

Keep the inside of Shenshou Valley in a quiet state suitable for practicing.

Don't be disturbed and asked for help by others.



Go back to your room.

Qin Hao perceived the situation in his body with his spiritual sense, and silently took out a small notebook.

On the cover, the four words [Xiu Xian Diary] are written in the characters of the previous life. He casually flipped open the cover, picked up the brush, and filled it with ink.

Then continue to record the diary on the text of the previous life.

[October 27th, Qixuanmen, Qing, Master Mo Juren forced me to take a corpse insect pill]

After writing the diary, Qin Hao put down the brush in his hand.

Reposition your own journal inside the drawer.

He has no other hobbies, but he likes to write some diaries, record his life experience of cultivating immortals, and write down all his enemies by the way.

Prevent yourself from accidentally forgetting, and there will be fish that slip through the net.

"I don't know when the Wild Wolf Gang can get me what I want?"

Qin Hao lay on the wooden bed with his head resting on his arms, thinking about something secretly.



After a few days.

The cloud-winged bird that was raised by Mo Juren went out to look for food, and it never appeared again.

There is no bird in life, and no corpse in death.

Realizing such a situation, Mo Juren was even more annoyed, wishing to kill Jia Tianlong, the leader of the Wild Wolf Gang, right now.

But he didn't act in a hurry, but continued to rest and cultivate patiently for more than ten days.

Wait until the self-injury is almost dealt with.

In the early morning of the next day, he quietly went out alone, disappeared inside the Qixuanmen, and went straight to the Wild Wolf Gang, which was also within the range of Caixia Mountain.

And Qin Hao, who often pays attention to Mo Juren openly, is keenly aware that the other party is not near Shenshou Valley.

Immediately without hesitation, he went straight to the big kitchen.



Near an uninhabited pool.

Qin Hao and Zhou Guanshi met privately again to discuss matters in secret.

"The boss is very dissatisfied with your work progress, it's too slow." Zhou Guanshi said coldly.

"More than 20 days ago, someone attacked God's Hand Valley at night." Qin Hao crossed his arms and said calmly, "Although the opponent was killed by Mo Juren, Mo Juren's own injury was also caused partly."

"Today I found out that he is not in, or may go out, to find and investigate what happened that night."

He turned his head and glanced at Guanshi Zhou beside him.

Qin Hao thought to himself, and suddenly asked: "Is the attacker that night related to the gang?"

"Why are you asking this?" Steward Zhou didn't explain, but asked instead.

"If it really has something to do with the gang, then Mo Juren's disappearance may have gone to eradicate the roots." Qin Hao smiled slyly at Zhou Guanshi and reminded: "This is an opportunity to surround and kill him. A chance for fairy treasure."

Hearing Qin Hao's words, Zhou Guanshi's face changed slightly.

Suddenly took out a small package, threw it to Qin Hao, and said, "This is what you want."

Afterwards, he turned and left the place without any hesitation or hesitation.

"It seems that the person who came that night was indeed related to the Wild Wolf Gang." Looking at the back of Zhou Guanshi who was gradually going away, Qin Hao smiled calmly and thought to himself: "The attraction of fairy treasures is indeed extraordinary. "

"Do you want to let the Qixuanmen know the news and lure Mo Juren to kill him?"

After thinking about it carefully, he secretly denied this tempting approach.

The main reason is that he himself is still inside the Qixuan Sect, and he is one of Moju Renming's disciples. If Qixuanmen really wants to investigate, they will definitely not let him go.

Opening the small package in his hand, looking at the two things inside, Qin Hao smiled.

"The prerequisites are already met."

"It's time to start planning and kill my dear master with my own hands."



within the next twenty days.

Qin Hao temporarily put aside the practice of practicing "Changchun Gong", and turned to read and ponder the ancient prose system of this world with all his strength, forgetting to sleep and eat, and not to hear about foreign affairs.

With the birth of the primordial spirit, a higher degree of brain development after the generation of divine consciousness.

It only took him more than 20 days to learn by himself, and he understood the ancient writing system of this world to a certain depth.

"The basic knowledge is already in place, it's time to practice spells."

Putting down the book in his hand, Qin Hao sat cross-legged inside the closed room.

First, carefully recall the content of the formula of "Fireball Art", and then analyze the content of the formula with the meaning of ancient Chinese, so as to truly understand the way of practicing magic.

He thought for a while in silence.

Qin Hao pondered and researched repeatedly, and confirmed that there was nothing unknown without mistakes or omissions.

Only then did he raise a finger, and secretly mobilized the wood attribute mana in the body by means of the "fire bomb technique", and began to condense the spell.

After a while.

In the air half an inch above Qin Hao's fingertips, some fine sparks appeared out of thin air.

Immediately afterwards, the sparks coalesced and twisted, instantly turning into a small red fireball the size of a normal walnut. A sense of scorching heat quickly spread from the small fireball.

Reflected Qin Hao's face flushed.

"Fireball, it's done!"


		