

Dark, deep, chaotic...

All the feelings at this moment made Yang An feel as if he was drowning in water, in the depths of a bottomless water.

He struggled hard, trying to break free.

"what……!"

Suddenly, a half-year-old boy who was lying beside the bed opened his eyes suddenly, his expression was a little frightened, and he instinctively yelled.

He subconsciously sat up, breathing heavily involuntarily.

"Qin Hao, what are you screaming?" The other boy lying beside him heard the yelling, his face was full of fear, and he scolded: "Stop yelling, just go to sleep."

"Tomorrow Manager Zhang will assign us important tasks."

"You don't want to sleep, don't disturb my sleep. If you call me again, I will kill you."

After muttering a few words, he turned over and continued to sleep with his eyes closed.

Only the eight-year-old boy called "Qin Hao" was sitting there blankly at the moment, not speaking, just opening his eyes and looking at the bright moon outside the window.

Different memories of the past and present are intertwined and surging.

Wolf Gang!

Seven Profound Gates!

Jingzhou, Caixiashan land battle!


"I'm... awakening the memory of my previous life?!" Qin Hao was in a daze for a long time before he gradually came back to his senses and looked down at his small and tender hands.

A trace of surprise and doubt gradually appeared in his eyes.

"Is this real? Or is it an illusion?"

Suddenly, Qin Hao found a double image in front of his eyes.

In a trance, a new thing reappeared in the field of vision in front of him. It was a personal attribute panel, and it was very familiar to him.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit root: none

Current age: eight

Maximum life expectancy: seventy-seven

Cultivation realm: none

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary talents: none

Extraordinary Physique: None

Spell Ability: None

Basic Skills: Scouting (Cooldown - Twelve Hours), Gathering (Cooldown - One Year)

After watching it carefully, Qin Hao's eyes were filled with surprise and uncertainty.

I feel rather weird and mysterious in my heart.

"Isn't this the personal attribute interface of the copycat version of the imitation cultivation game?!"

"How did this thing appear on my body? It was reborn with me!"

After careful observation, he found that he only had two basic skills.

This is a general skill that comes with the attribute panel. Every newly created game character will have. But this also means that he only has two basic general skills.

Qin Hao subconsciously turned his head and looked at the half-grown boy beside him.

Secretly use the basic common skill scouting.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Zhang Hu

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Roots: Water, Fire, Wood

Current age: eleven

Maximum life expectancy: eighty-two

Cultivation realm: none

Seeing these attribute information, Qin Hao felt uncomfortable.

He doesn't have any spiritual roots, but the guy next to him has three spiritual roots. If you can get in touch with the method of cultivating immortals corresponding to its attributes, you are expected to become a cultivator of immortals.

And he himself is just an ordinary mortal.

Not even a spiritual root.

"I don't know the basic general skill collection technique. Is there a way to collect the spiritual root?" Qin Hao frowned secretly, thinking in his heart: "If it doesn't work, then I can only find a way to take the body and change the body in the future."

"As long as you can become a cultivator, it is not impossible to pay some price."

Thinking about things.

Seeing that the guy beside him who just scolded him fell asleep, Qin Hao stretched out his right hand and gently pressed it on the back of his head.

Secretly used the basic skill collection technique.

"Shua...!"

Suddenly, a red light bloomed from his body, like the rising sun.

Then the light was like water, flowing and surging, spreading along his right hand to Zhang Hu's body at a very high speed, enveloping his whole body.

at the same time.

Qin Hao inexplicably felt a strange feeling.

It's like a part of oneself, containing the other party, locking something in the dark.

On the unreal interface in front of you, a collection progress bar also appeared at the same time. At the moment, it is sliding towards the full grid at a constant speed.

"Try the actual effect."

Wait until the collection progress bar is full.

He raised his right hand, and the bright red light quickly converged and returned.

Finally, it turned into a red transparent bubble, which he held in the palm of his hand. Inside the bubble, there is a group of three-color mysterious objects, like a branched coral reef.

It also seems to be a plant root that is constantly fluttering, and its shape is very strange.

"This thing, could it be a spiritual root?!"

Qin Hao looked at it carefully, feeling a burst of excitement in his heart.

It's just that the reconnaissance technique is cooling down at the moment, making it impossible for him to directly detect its basic information.

He turned to look at Zhang Hu.

He found that the guy who had been quietly harvested from his body's spiritual root turned pale and ugly, slightly sallow.

His forehead was covered with dense sweat.

"This guy has fallen into a weak state!"

"It looks like a serious illness."

His eyes flickered slightly, and Qin Hao remained expressionless.

He raised his right hand and pressed the thing he just collected to the center of his brow without hesitation.

In an instant, the red bubbles wrapped the contents inside, and penetrated into his body. Immediately, the bubbles burst and disappeared on their own, turning into a patch of light spots and spreading out.

And those things that have been collected are also scattered and fused into their own bodies, refining and controlling them simultaneously.

If there was nothing, Qin Hao felt a little bit of warmth.

Subtle anomalies are fleeting.

Without any hesitation, he opened his personal attribute panel again to check his detailed information.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Roots: Water, Fire, Wood

Current age: eight

Maximum life expectancy: eighty-one

Cultivation realm: none

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary talents: none

Extraordinary Physique: None

Spell Ability: None

Basic Skills: Scouting (Cooldown - Twelve Hours), Gathering (Cooldown - One Year)

"I... I have spiritual roots!" Seeing this, Qin Hao almost laughed out loud.

But fortunately, he reacted quickly, and immediately covered his mouth with both hands, holding back the joyful and excited smile in his heart.

Choose to make a fortune alone.

"I have spiritual roots, and I can cultivate immortals in the future!"

"Live forever, live forever, and the future may no longer be a dream."

I was quietly happy for a while, until I calmed down again.

Soon, Qin Hao keenly noticed that his own theoretical upper limit of life expectancy had also been slightly increased because of this, extending it by several years.

"Basic skill collection, is it so powerful?!"

"The future of immortality is hopeful!"

Taking a few deep breaths secretly, Qin Hao lay down again.

I couldn't help thinking about it for a while.


		