

Looking at the small fireball at his fingertips, Qin Hao held back the joy and excitement in his heart, and tried his best to keep the mana output stable and maintain the existence of the small fireball.

In my heart, I silently estimated the duration.

Soon, the three-breath time passed by.

The small fireball at the tip of his finger suddenly dissipated out of thin air. Even though Qin Hao gritted his teeth and persisted, he couldn't hold on at all.

"The mana on the second floor of the Qi training period is too thin and weak after all."

"The most basic fireball technique can drain all the mana in the body, and it can't output it for a long time. There is only one chance to attack with magic."

"If you are dodged, you will be reduced to fish on the chopping board."

Judging from Mo Juren's body skills, he has the ability to dodge the most basic magic fireball.

Feeling a pang of emptiness inside.

Qin Hao did not rush to meditate to recover his mana, but carefully reflected on the spell attempt just now.

"With wood attribute mana, it can condense the kind of small fireball that can kill innate warriors."

"What if the fire attribute mana is used to condense and activate the spell?"

"How about adding Undying Fengyan to it?"

The spiritual consciousness looked inside his lower dantian, looking at the terrifying black and white two-color fire.

He quietly had some expectations in his heart.

"At the same time, it has the attribute of good fortune and the attribute of destruction."

"If a single fire attribute flame is used to fuse fire attribute spells, can the power of fire attribute spells be increased to increase damage?"

"What if it is replaced with a single good fortune attribute?"

With expectations for the future in his heart, Qin Hao calmed down.

Start to meditate silently.



A few days passed by in a flash.

After closing the secret room, Qin Hao sighed helplessly.

"The attributes are restrained and suppressed, and the aura in the environment itself is thin."

"It took several days to barely recover the mana consumed by the previous fireball. The replacement of the cultivation method has reached the point where it cannot be ignored."

Sit quietly for a while.

He stood up, pushed open the stone door of the secret room, and went outside.

I saw the autumn wind was bleak and the fallen leaves were flying. The Valley of Gods Hands, which was once full of vitality, now looks more lonely and withered.

"It's been almost a year since I came to God's Hand Valley."

"Time flies by so fast."

Qin Hao stood where he was and stretched.

Then he left here and walked to the big kitchen inside the Qixuanmen, planning to take advantage of the meal time to find out about the news of the Wild Wolf Gang.

"I don't know how Mo Juren went out?"



After going to the big kitchen in person, Qin Hao came back with a blank expression.

No inner emotions can be seen on the surface.

"The leader of the Wild Wolf Gang, Jia Tianlong, was attacked and killed by a mysterious person, and all the high-level officials were poisoned and died suddenly."

"At this time, Qixuanmen is taking the opportunity to annex the territory of the Wild Wolf Gang. Many members have gone out one after another, and there are few good players who stay inside Qixuanmen."

"And this time in the past, I didn't see the existence of Zhou Guanshi."

He is carefully considering whether Guanshi Zhou will reveal his true identity.

If the other party is exposed, then he, as a nominal subordinate, is also very likely to be exposed. Once Qixuanmen finds out that he is a spy, it will be difficult for him to die quickly at that time.

"wrong!"

"If Zhou Guanshi is really exposed, it will implicate me."

"Then I wouldn't finish my meal in peace just now."

Considering this, Qin Hao secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

But he still didn't let his guard down completely.

"For the time being, find a place where there is no one to avoid the limelight, and wait and see patiently."

"If you are really exposed, then run away directly. If not, then come back and continue to develop patiently for a while."

Back inside the God's Hand Valley, Qin Hao simply packed his things.

Then go to the no-man's land behind the Valley of Gods Hands.

The mountain system of Caixia Mountain spreads over tens of miles around. It is too easy to hide a person in such a place.

However, Qin Hao did not go far, lest he encounter a powerful beast.

He was staying in no man's land deep in the Valley of God's Hands.

I found an abandoned cave, sprinkled homemade insect repellent powder, and then made a simple sleeping place, storing dry food and drinking water.

Finally, the hole was blocked with stones.

"Taking advantage of this time, first pull out the hidden dangers in the body."

Soon, Qin Hao closed his eyes and began to practice another basic spell "Controlling Objects".



Ten days passed quickly.

The interior of a hidden cave in the depths of God's Hand Valley.

Sitting cross-legged on the wooden bed, Qin Hao opened his mouth, and at the same time used his mana to cast the "object control technique", locking the corpse insect pill in his body with his spiritual consciousness.

"Shua...!"

I saw a white shadow flashing in the mouth, and an insect egg flew out from it.

Qin Hao opened his right hand to catch the falling eggs, with a calm smile on his face.

"Mo Juren's means of controlling threats is nothing more than that."

Put the five fingers of the right hand together and apply light force.

Squeeze and explode the unhatched eggs.

"The hidden dangers in the body are removed, and the cooling time of the harvesting technique has passed."

"It's time for the third collection."

Qin Hao stood up, removed the stone that blocked the entrance of the cave, and went outside again.

At the moment, the outside world is sunny and sunny.

The autumn sun shines on the body, and it is very warm, very comfortable and comfortable, and I don't feel the slightest bit of heat.

"Today's weather is good, the sun is very comfortable."

"Well, the sun?!"

Suddenly, a bold idea popped into Qin Hao's mind.

He raised his head, squinted his eyes slightly, and glanced at the sun in the sky, looking at the light shining on the vast land, he was thoughtful.

"If you cast a collection technique on the sun, what will you get?"

The collection result of the collection technique belongs to random collection.

As for the prerequisite for performing the collection technique, first of all, he must be able to touch it himself.

"Although I cannot touch the sun itself, I can directly touch the light emitted by the sun."

"So exposure to light, does it mean that you are indirectly exposed to the sun?"

Considering its feasibility, Qin Hao began to seriously search for the stars in the sky.

Directly attack the sun, if the sun itself is directly collected, all living beings will lose the sun, and it is very likely that he will not be able to survive with his current self.

It's better to put the target of collection on the light emitted by those stars.

Anyway, those stars are actually the sun. It's just that the distance is too far away, so it looks bleak and cold.

Not long after, Qin Hao found a small spot of light with dim light.

He raised his right hand, spread his five fingers, and raised them up to the sky, silently locking the collection target on the light emitted by that dim little spot of light.

"Shua...!"

The next moment, a dazzling orange light burst out from his body.


		