

The fog is majestic, the grass is deep and the forest is dense.

Being inside the mist formation, looking around, everything seemed dark and peaceful.

Qin Hao looked down at his feet, and he could clearly see a small path winding to the outside. He knew that it was the external passage to leave the formation.

But he was in no hurry to get out.

Instead, he dodged into the thick fog on both sides of the road without any hesitation, leaped forward, and climbed silently into the canopy of a vigorous and luxuriant old tree.

Use the fog of the formation itself, as well as the branches and leaves of the ancient trees, to cover up your tracks.

"Just let me see who is following me quietly!"

Without the slightest hesitation, Qin Hao decisively took out the magic weapon of the black leather gourd.

Cautiously activated with mana, the mouth of the gourd magic weapon opened by itself, and a ghostly figure flew out from it, with a pale face and a dark figure.

With a cold look.

Qin Hao opened his mouth, forced out a drop of blood from the tip of his tongue, and injected it into the little ghost's body.

Let the imp bring his own breath.

Afterwards, he used the gourd magic weapon to control the air, deliberately let the little ghost with his own breath come to the road, and quickly ran outside.

Almost at the next moment when he just finished this thing.

A figure familiar to him rushed out from the Tainan Valley, and fell far behind the little ghost with his own aura.

"Treasurer Zhao!"

"I didn't expect it to be this dog!"

"I haven't asked you to settle the matter of cheating on my Lingshi, but you still think about it and continue to attack me? Could it be that this guy wants to take back what was sold and sell it a second time?"

Qin Hao narrowed his eyes slightly, suppressing the anger in his heart, and looked at the shopkeeper Zhao who was leaving quickly from the corner of his eyes.

Then follow up again without hesitation.

Keep a far enough distance to prevent being sensed by the opponent with divine sense.

After leaving the mist formation, Qin Hao decisively took out a porcelain bottle from the inside of the storage bag, opened the bottle stopper, and let the highly poisonous soul-severing incense inside permeate the air behind him.

While stalking shopkeeper Zhao, he poisoned himself behind him.

To prevent other evil cultivators from following up.

In this way, Taoist Songwen and Mrs. Jinling were at the forefront, followed by the little ghost with Qin Hao's own blood, and then shopkeeper Zhao.

In the end, Qin Hao is the real person.

There is also an invisible, colorless and highly poisonous gas behind him.

These guys, one after the other, all sneaked quietly, and rushed towards the direction away from Tainan Valley.



In order to prevent surprises and surprises, unexpected situations occur.

Shopkeeper Zhao, who followed quietly, did not use any mana rashly, but used a talisman to hide all his movements.

Then quietly and quickly tailed behind.

He looked at the looming figure in the distance, which was even more strange and swift in the night.

Surprised and hot in my heart.

"Good boy!"

"This running posture is so proficient, it looks like he is carrying a treasure."

"Soon, you will belong to me, hehehe..."

Far away, I felt the much weaker familiar breath.

Shopkeeper Zhao thought that the other party was deliberately keeping a low profile, and immediately followed behind with an excited smile. That look, like a perverted idiot.



Foremost, in the woods.

Taoist Songwen and Mrs. Jinling walked side by side and hurried on their way.

In the dark, they exchanged words quietly.

"Did you notice anything unusual?"

"It seems like something is stalking us from behind."

"Well, it seems to be there, if there is, if not." Mrs. Jinling also responded secretly to Taoist Songwen, reminding: "Send a secret message to Fellow Daoist Ye Chen, and let them prepare for an ambush."

"To avoid any unexpected situation."

Taoist Priest Songwen nodded imperceptibly upon hearing this.

He quietly took out a sound transmission talisman, put it near his mouth, quickly recited the mantra in a low voice, and entered the words he wanted to say into it.

When passing a corner.

The Songwen Taoist quickly let go of the sound transmission talisman in his hand, and the sound transmission talisman turned into a dim flame, quickly disappeared into the side woods and disappeared.

On the surface, the two remained as usual without any abnormal behavior.



The night is enchanting and the stars are dim.

One cloud after another, like cotton candy, floated in the air, blocking the moonlight which was not very bright.

Make the woods appear darker and deeper.

"Shua...!"

A dim light of fire came quickly, fell into the hands of a handsome man with a feminine face, and turned into a talisman by itself.

Soon, the sound belonging to Song Wen came from inside the sound transmission symbol.

"Prepare for an ambush and attack. Fellow Daoist Jin Ling and I are followed by someone behind us."

"Dare to follow the two of them, could it be that your identity has been exposed?" Ye Chen folded the five fingers of his right hand, crushed the sound transmission symbol in the palm of his hand, and then waved forward lightly: "The fish is here, ready to catch the net."

With an order, one after another figure quickly spread out, laying down a simple formation with formation flags.

hidden in different locations.

It didn't take long for two familiar figures to come here, without stopping at all, they continued to drive forward for a certain distance.

Soon, the little ghost that contained Qin Hao's blood essence also came here.

"what?!"

"It's not a living person following him?"

Many immortal cultivators shot together and took down that little devil in an instant.

Taoist Songwen and Mrs. Jinling went back and forth, looking at the little ghost captured alive by Ye Chen and others, they showed a burst of astonishment.

"He has Han Li's aura on him!"

"How could it be him?!"

Taoist Songwen grabbed the little ghost and killed him bitterly.

His face looked very ugly.

"Han Li, I, Songwen, remember you!"

"Sooner or later, I want you to look good!"

Seeing that nothing serious happened, Ye Chen waved his hand and signaled a group of subordinates to disperse and stay away, not to eavesdrop on their conversation.

With a wave of his hand, he laid down a small restraint to block the breath and sound insulation.

Ye Chen, Song Wen, Jin Ling and other cultivators began to discuss important matters in a temporary tent.



In the distant woods.

Shopkeeper Zhao paused slightly, and a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes.

"Why did the breath disappear?"

"Could something have happened? Or have you noticed my stalking?"

After thinking about it, he took out a mask artifact from the storage bag and put it on his face. As long as it is not a cultivator in the foundation period, then don't even try to sense him with spiritual consciousness.

Concealing himself well, shopkeeper Zhao quickly sneaked to the place where the breath disappeared before.

Suddenly, I saw a tent not far away.

And around the tent, there are small restrictions that block breath and sound.

"It turned out to be hiding and resting!"

Seeing this, shopkeeper Zhao showed a sinister smile.

Taking out a dagger magic weapon specially used to break common restrictions, he bravely rushed in.


		