

Jingzhou Qixuanmen, Shenshou Valley.

Han Li, who had become Han's genius doctor, was holding a watering can in his hand, and accompanied by the setting sun, he leisurely watered the many herbs he had planted.

The mysterious green liquid from the small green bottle was mixed in the water.

It can accelerate the rapid growth of these herbs.

"I don't know where Junior Brother Qin has gone? It's been almost a year." Han Li stood up straight, recalling all the experiences a few months ago, and sighed in his heart.

"Junior brother Qin and I have both become immortal cultivators, the legendary immortals in the mortal population."

"And Zhang Tie was turned into a corpse puppet by Mo Lao."

Recalling Mo Juren, who had long been wiped out, Han Li felt both respect and hatred in his heart.

I admire and love him, taught me a lot of herbal medicine, medical skills and other knowledge and abilities, and also taught him what it means to be sinister and inconsequential.

Going to be angry and resentful that he tried to assassinate his life, uneasy and kind.

Han Li's complexion became a little gloomy as his consciousness scanned his dantian. There, there is a group of extremely tiny shadows, which is not normal.

He already knew why.

"The antidote to my corpse insect pill turned out to be another cold poison."

"Such a cunning and sinister series of calculations!"

"Fortunately, the cold poison this time seems to be very stable. It has no effect at present, and it is not yet time for it to erupt."

Recalling the last words and records that Mo Juren had left in advance, Han Li's expression was gloomy.

After a while, he took a deep breath, became calm and calm again, and temporarily put this matter aside.

Instead, think about your own cultivation.

"My cultivation base of the fourth floor in the Qi training period is still a bit too weak."

"Going out so hastily, going to Jiayuan City's Mo Mansion to get warm Yang Baoyu, the uncertainty is too high, and it is a bit dangerous. It's better to stay in this God's Hand Valley and practice for a few years with peace of mind."

"Wait until you have the power to protect yourself before deciding to leave Qixuanmen."

Putting down the watering can in his hand, Han Li took out a beautifully shaped small green bottle with a long neck from the inside of the pouch hanging around his neck.

His fingers stroked the dark green pattern on the surface, thoughtfully.

"The mysterious green liquid produced by this little green bottle can catalyze the growth of common medicinal herbs."

"I just don't know if the elixir used by the cultivator will work? If not, how can I go further on this road in the future?"

this moment.

Han Li unconsciously recalled the mysterious scene he had seen before.

The entire Caixia Mountain was suddenly surrounded by dazzling orange light, and it appeared more than once. Such a scene can never be created by ordinary warriors.

"According to ancient legends, Caixia Mountain was once called Luofeng Mountain, and it was transformed by the falling of a colorful phoenix."

"A phoenix never falls into a land without treasure."

"Then what is this 'treasure'? Could it be related to that mysterious orange light?"

Thoughts raced through his mind.

Han Li stood where he was, holding the small green bottle he had picked up in his hand, lost in thought for a while.



On the other side, inside Tainan Valley of Lanzhou.

When the staff of Zuimenglou heard Qin Hao's question, their eyes were surprised, and they looked at the young monk in front of him without any trace.

On the second floor of the Qi training period, there is a cute new weak chicken.

"This is the first time for fellow Taoist to attend Tainan Xiaohui, right?"

"Even...shouldn't he be a local immortal cultivator in Lanzhou?"

Although it was a questioning word, the tone carried a certain meaning.

Before Qin Hao could speak, the staff of Zuimenglou took the initiative to explain to the new guests, saying: "Every Tainan small meeting is held at a fixed time."

"The immortal cultivators in Lanzhou basically know about it."

"There is less than a month left before the Tainan Small Meeting will be held. At that time, there will be many juniors like you and me in the Qi training period who will come to conduct large-scale transactions."

"At that time, it is also the most lively time."

Hearing the guy's explanation, Qin Hao thought about it secretly.

Immediately, he took out three low-grade spirit stones from the storage bag, placed them on the table in front of the other party, and said, "Then open a room for a month first."

"Okay!" The Zuimenglou clerk put away the three low-grade spirit stones handed over by Qin Hao, and then quickly took out a talisman with fluorescent light, handed it to Qin Hao, and explained: "This is the room formation method. The forbidden key is the seventh building on the left when you go out."

"The limitation period is one month and one day."

After taking the talisman handed over by the other party, Qin Hao didn't stay here any longer.

Instead, walk out of the hall, and follow the place the other party said, and come to the seventh small attic on the left. He secretly used the Celestial Eye Technique, and saw an energy shield buckled upside down around the small attic.

It looks like an upside-down blue sea bowl.

"The inn of a cultivator is indeed very different from that of a mortal."

"It's actually the type of living in a single house."

The temporary residence in front of me looks as luxurious as a private villa, with a vast area and not crowded at all.

After carefully looking at it a few times, I was quite satisfied.

Qin Hao picked up the talisman in his hand and lightly touched the barrier of the formation. The energy shield, which can only be seen with the Celestial Eye technique, immediately opened a passage with a height of one person.

He walked into it, and the channel on the energy shield behind him disappeared naturally.

Maintain the complete sealing of the formation prohibition protection by itself.

Reaching out to push open the door of the room, Qin Hao walked in, wandered around for a while, and found that there are not only living rooms, but also bedrooms, and secret rooms for retreat and cultivation.

The size of each room is not small.

In particular, the concentration of aura that can be felt is higher than that of the open-air bluestone square in Tainan Valley, and far exceeds that of ordinary mountain areas outside Tainan Valley.

"Cultivating in such a place with abundant aura, the speed of cultivation must be far faster than inside the Qixuanmen."

After carefully wandering around one by one, Qin Hao walked directly into the room.

Think about what's next.

"I always feel like that guy was cheating on me just now."

"If I don't have the unquenchable Phoenix Fire Seed, if I want to practice the "Burning Flame Prison Art", I can only rely on the low-level beast fire of those fire attribute monsters, and its power is not much stronger than those ordinary exercises."

"Based on this kind of thinking, that shopkeeper Zhao is cheating a novice like me."

Think about it in your heart.

Qin Hao took out the storage bag and turned out his small notebook from the inside.

Then he dipped his pen in ink, with a solemn expression, and began to write the new [Diary of Cultivation of Immortals] under the line of "Mo Juren".

[November 3rd, sunny, in Tainan Valley, Lanzhou, the shopkeeper of Zhao’s Grocery Store used basic skills to cheat me with a fortune of spirit stones]

After finishing today's diary, Qin Hao put away the Xiuxian diary and pen and ink.

Repack inside the storage bag.

Instead, he took out the "Burning Flame Hell God Art" he had just purchased, opened the cover, and began to read it carefully, trying to figure out the content.


		