

It was at the moment when Qin Hao changed direction.

Mrs. Honglian and the others, who quickly followed from behind, noticed such a movement, and they became more and more sure that there was something wrong with this kid.

Otherwise why change direction.

"It was just a possible guess before, but now, I feel more and more that I guessed it right." Thinking of this, Mrs. Honglian became more and more joyful: "I didn't expect that I just got close to here, and I have a new harvest .”

"But if you really get the treasure and can only use it by one person..."

Thoughts turned quickly in his mind, and he glanced at the two companions beside him from the corner of his eyes, and a killing intent flashed in his heart.

But on the surface, Mrs. Honglian remained calm.

"Treasures, of course it's best to swallow them alone."

"I can't say that I will use the precious hole card that has been hidden for a long time to kill these two guys together and kill them."

Mrs. Honglian was thinking about planning to swallow the treasure alone.

My two companions were actually thinking different things in their hearts.

The gray-haired old man had already quietly guarded against the two companions beside him. Apart from coveting the possible treasures, he also longed for the young and gifted body.

Every immortal cultivator can only seize the house once in his life.

He couldn't help himself to act cautiously.

"On the surface, it seems that Mrs. Honglian has the highest cultivation."

"But it's hard to guarantee that Kaishan Sanren, who practiced a secret method or spell that restrained his cultivation, took advantage of this to hide his true cultivation on purpose."

"Although his cultivation level is one level lower than the old man's, he must be guarded against, and he must not be careless."

"The three of us, I have the lowest level of cultivation." Kaishan Sanren with an ax on his back ran on the other side of Mrs. Honglian, his thoughts turned sharply, and he thought to himself: "If there is really any precious treasure, it is hard to guarantee that it will not be right. I kill and silence."

"But if I choose to quit now, it will only be more dangerous."

"It's not very difficult to deal with the kid on the ninth floor of the Qi training period. It's just easy to catch. On the contrary, these two companions who are familiar with each other will be an unstable and dangerous hidden danger."

But after much deliberation, the life-saving trump card on his body is nothing more than an elementary and high-level flying talisman.

Nothing superfluous.

I had to quietly make up my mind and play it by ear.

Once there is something wrong, run away decisively, so as not to risk your own life. No matter how good the treasure is, you have to live to enjoy it.

Otherwise, it is just making a wedding dress for others.



Just when Mrs. Honglian and the three of them were chasing at top speed.

Suddenly, he realized that the boy had voluntarily entered a primeval forest, where the grass was deep and the forest was dense, the light was dim, and the vines were entangled everywhere like a spider's web.

It has a primitive and boundless charm.

But such an environment is more and more suitable for ambushes and sneak attacks.

"Be careful, that kid should have noticed our pursuit." Mrs. Honglian waved her hand and summoned a high-grade magic weapon in the shape of a red lotus flower, holding it in the palm of her hand.

Continue to follow carefully.

at the same time.

The white-haired old man next to him took out a first-level low-level monster yellow wind mouse from his spirit beast bag, and began to command and control it.

"Go, find that guy."

The Yellow Wind Mouse got the order and immediately stood up.

The slightly sharp nose sniffed carefully, then jumped off the old man's shoulders, put his limbs on the ground, and began to move quickly among the lush vegetation.

It disappeared before everyone's eyes in the blink of an eye.

"Follow up together!"

The white-haired old man let out a low snort, and immediately chased after the low-level monster he raised.

Mrs. Honglian beside her and Kaishan Sanren moved almost at the same time. One held a red lotus magic weapon in her hand and ran on the grass leaves.

One took off the big ax and magic weapon carried behind his back, and charged into the woods like a bull.

In the blink of an eye, the three of them disappeared at the edge of the forest.



"Did you really catch up? The premonition of the crisis is not wrong." Qin Hao sneaked up to the trunk of a thick old tree, overlooking the lush primeval forest below.

"Although I don't know why you want to chase me, but just kill me."

"It doesn't matter if you kill the wrong one."

Considering that the three people have a tenth floor of Qi training period, an eleventh floor of Qi training period, and a twelve floor of Qi training period, all of them are higher than his cultivation base.

Being cautious, Qin Hao decided to sneak attack first, as many as he could kill.

Relying on the ever-increasing strength of the primordial spirit and the range of perception of the divine consciousness, he has virtually guaranteed that he will not be easily attacked by others. He lies dormant here, waiting patiently.

Not long after.

Those three stalkers with malicious intentions appeared in his spiritual sense induction.

Qin Hao opened his left hand, revealing three rudimentary Fireball Talismans. He suddenly activated them with mana, shook his hands and threw them, hitting the three of them.

The fireball talisman instantly turned into three small red fireballs, which scattered and flew towards the three people.

"there!"

Madam Honglian snarled.

A lotus petal of the red lotus in his hand separated out by itself, and shot at the small fireball flying towards him at high speed.

The other two also reacted quickly, and each used their own means to block the fireball talisman.

Taking advantage of the same moment when the three people's attention was attracted by the small fireball.

Qin Hao, who was hiding inside the canopy, suddenly launched a real killer move without hesitation, the magical aura in his hands instantly condensed into shape, and the aura of heaven and earth spontaneously resonated and increased.

Further comprehensively enhance the power of spell entanglement.

Without the slightest hesitation, he shook his hand and threw it, and the two balls of spell streamer quickly sank into the surrounding flowers, plants, trees and vines.

"Ka Ka Ka...!"

In an instant, the surrounding flowers, plants, trees and vines began to grow and mutate at a high speed.

Like dozens of berserk giant pythons rioting at the same time, they encircled and suppressed Mrs. Honglian and the three of them from all directions with spiked vines.

The leaves are like knives, sharp and tough.

With a frightening edge.

Under the effect of the terrifying twining and strangling power, they quickly tore apart the magic weapon and talisman protection of Kaishan Sanren and the white-haired old man, and smashed their bodies into stumps and flakes with just one encounter.

The two of them didn't even have time to scream out.

"Um?!"

"Why are you so weak?"

Seeing this, Qin Hao subconsciously froze for a moment.

Immediately, he quickly realized that it wasn't that the two of them were too weak, but that the power of their spells was greatly enhanced under the boost of resonance controlled by the elements.

Far beyond the usual effects that basic spells should have.

Looking up, there is only that beautiful woman, who is struggling to support herself at this moment by relying on her own high-grade magic weapon and the low-level and high-level defensive talisman.

But it looks like it won't last long.

The aura covering the body surface is becoming dim at a speed visible to the naked eye, as if it might shatter at any time.


		