

Recalling the strange things that came to mind just now, Mrs. Jinling was slightly puzzled.

He couldn't help turning his head to look at "Han Li" next to him again.

"wrong!"

"If he really has a master in the foundation-building period, why don't he understand the basic common sense in the world of cultivating immortals? Don't know many common items?"

"Could it be that this little trickster surnamed Han is deceiving Mrs. Ben?"

With caution in mind, Mrs. Jinling was about to carefully test and inquire again.

She heard that "Han Li" next to her had already started to speak, like a chatterbox, without waiting for her to speak out.

"Sister Jin Ling, you don't know."

"After my master taught me the basic cultivation methods, he just read the alchemy handbook all day long, or he was trying to find ways to collect medicinal materials and experiment with alchemy."

"There is no time to explain to me the common sense of many items in the world of cultivating immortals."


Next, Qin Hao used Mo Juren as a template, and adapted his real experience of getting along with him at the beginning into his experience of getting along with his master in the Foundation Establishment Period.

Except that people are fake, everything else is real.

Such a deception method was too true, and Mrs. Jinling was taken aback for a moment, hesitating in her heart.

"Could it be that...this idiot named Han Li really has a master in the Foundation Establishment Stage?" Mrs. Jinling muttered to herself, instinctively feeling a little uneasy.

I'm afraid that if I accidentally offend the great monks in the foundation establishment period, I will accidentally bring disaster to myself.

"no!"

"This important news, I still have to inform this guy Matsumon in a while."

"So as not to cause any trouble."

Just when Mrs. Jinling was thinking about something in her heart.

"Han Li" who was walking beside him suddenly stretched out his hand, pointed to a small stall not far away, and asked curiously, "Sister Jin Ling, what is that?"

Mrs. Jinling, who was thinking about something, heard a familiar voice beside her.

Look in the direction pointed by Qin Hao.

I saw that the stall owner had just taken out a dark irregular object, which looked like some kind of jade block or some metal block.

But it seems that it is neither.

The size is no more than the size of a baby's fist, and there is no aura effect at all.

It even looked a little dirty.

"This thing... I don't know it either." Mrs. Jinling identified it for a long time, but she didn't recognize what it was.

Curious in her heart, she immediately asked the stall owner who set up the stall.

"What is this thing? What's the use?"

Hearing a rather charming female voice, the stall owner first looked up at Mrs. Jinling, and then looked in the direction she pointed.

I saw that it was one of the materials that I had just taken out for sale.

"That's the Wraith Stone, a relatively rare and rare material for refining corpses."

"Twenty-five low-grade spirit stones, would you like it?"

"Forget it, I don't practice the method of refining corpses." Mrs. Jinling shook her head immediately, then turned her head to look at Qin Hao, and said with a smile: "Friend Han Daoist, I suddenly remembered that there are still some things that I haven't dealt with, so I just Let's meet again for a while."

"Since sister Jin Ling still has something to deal with, let's see you later." With a pure smile on his face, Qin Hao waved to Mrs. Jin Ling proactively.

Soon, the two separated temporarily.

Looking at the graceful and enchanting back that gradually walked away, Qin Hao's expression gradually returned to normal.

Thoughtful.

"I don't know if the half-truths and half-false lies I just said can use the mouth of Mrs. Jinling to deceive Taoist Songwen and scare him?"

"The current Taoist Songwen, I am really no match."

"If you don't fool these Heisha Sect people, if you really want to attack me, your life may be in danger."

Taoist Songwen is only one of the members of the Heisha Sect that he himself knows so far.

Now they are cheating and killing middle and low-level casual cultivators with no background.

This person is here, there is definitely a strong helper, and there must be more than one person.

Otherwise, those deceived casual cultivators unite and resist desperately, which is enough to kill him. But Songwen is still alive and well, which means that the water here is very deep.

"I remember that when Han Li and Song Wen met in the future, the other rogue practitioners beside him once said that after the previous Tainan small meetings, many rogue practitioners would disappear inexplicably."

"Based on this information, it shows that Songwen has already done this in many Tainan small meetings."

"And they all worked out."

Although he didn't know why Songwen would focus on him, but based on the current known clues, it can be inferred that the Heisha Sect at this time would not rashly confront the immortal cultivators in the foundation establishment period.

Because Songwen himself has not yet become a cultivator in the foundation period.

Although the Heisha sect at this time is powerful, it is not yet able to hunt even the foundation-building stage cultivators, and will not easily provoke other foundation-building stage cultivators.

"If I can really use this to deceive Song Wen, let him think that I really have a master in the foundation period."

"Then I'm safe."

"But what if...you haven't deceived him?"

Considering this possibility of failure, Qin Hao's heart suddenly became a lot more dignified.

I feel more and more that I have to prepare some means of running away to save my life.

"The blood spirit grass obtained from Yu Zitong's storage bag, and the soul-refining gourd magic weapon, I have to find a way to make good use of it."

"The remaining low-grade spirit stone can't be used indiscriminately."

"It can be used as a consumable to quickly replenish mana in the body at any time."

Recall carefully.

Qin Hao found that there were very few items for cultivating immortals that he could use on his body.

"wrong!"

"I still have resources available to me."

"The map is a resource, and the encyclopedia of common elixir and basic alchemy explanations are also different trading resources."

Even the talisman that was pasted on the jade box of the Blood Spirit Grass was a resource.

And through the newly-acquainted Mrs. Jinling, Qin Hao finally knew what kind of talisman it was. It was a lock talisman, a kind of talisman used to preserve items with spiritual energy for a long time.

It has a better effect than the commonly used spirit sealing talisman and makes the shelf life of the item longer.

If you want to use it, you not only need mana to activate it, but you also need to know the relevant spell formulas.

"Unfortunately, I still can't use the magic lock talisman without getting the spell formula for the lock lock talisman from Mrs. Jinling."

Qin Hao thought for a while.

Suddenly turned around and walked towards his temporary residence inside Zuimenglou, he had already made a decision in his heart.

"Since the spirit-locking talisman cannot be used, the medicinal effect of that blood spirit grass is bound to gradually weaken with the passage of time."

"Rather than let me be intercepted and killed because of the Heisha Sect, let the good things fall into the hands of Songwen's gang."

"You might as well swallow it forcibly now to speed up your cultivation and improve your cultivation level. Make a stronger self-protection force for deception failure."


		