

Looking at the chubby face in front of him, Qin Hao wanted to give him a punch.

He spoke very seriously.

"Although I haven't participated in Tainan Xiaohui before, it's not like I don't know anything about it."

"When the Tainan Xiaohui was officially held in previous years, the basic thirteen-level exercise was sold at the stall outside, and only two spirit stones were bought."

"As a result, you need ten spirit stones."

"Hey, little brother, fellow Taoist, you can't say that." Shopkeeper Zhao shook his head, with a smile on his face, and said, "These cultivation methods are not all at the same level."

"There are not only ordinary people's cultivation methods, but also boutique-level cultivation methods."

"Not to mention the even more terrifying ancient skills."

"The quality of things is different, so the price will naturally be different. The two pieces of spirit stones you mentioned can buy the complete training method of the thirteen-level Qi training period, which belongs to the lowest-level street stall type. "

"And the exercises sold here in this shop are among the top-quality goods."

"Heaven and earth spiritual fire is so hard to find, almost completely extinct, where can I find this kind of thing now?" Qin Hao did not hesitate to bargain down the price, and argued: "If you use the beast fire of a fire-attributed monster to practice, naturally there is no The power of the spirit fire."

"Maybe it's a little bit stronger than that ordinary skill."

"In this case, how can it be worth the value of ten spirit stones?"

"In this way, I will offer a higher price than the ordinary full set of exercises, three spirit stones, will you sell them?"

"Three yuan?!" Shopkeeper Zhao's voice changed immediately, and he looked at the kid in front of him, and his eyes gradually became unfriendly: "I sell ten spirit stones, and you offer three spirit stones?"

"Boy, why did you come to me to dismiss the beggar?"

"Will the price be bargained?"

"Then if you tell me that you have news or clues about the spirit fire, I can buy it at the full price of ten spirit stones." Qin Hao changed his words and mentioned another matter.

He is trying to distort other people's possible guesses by doing this.

After all, the immortal phoenix flame dormant in the dantian in his body is far more terrifying than spiritual fire.

"If I had a clue, I would have sold it to those seniors who established the foundation, and would I keep it for you?" Shopkeeper Zhao was obviously a little unhappy, and said impatiently: "The minimum is nine spirit stones, whether you like it or not."

It seems that the price cannot be negotiated.

Qin Hao didn't intend to continue tearing it down, so he took out the storage bag from his clothes, took out nine spirit stones, and handed them to shopkeeper Zhao.

"The thirteenth floor of the complete book "Burning Flame Hell God Art", I bought it!"

Shopkeeper Zhao took the nine spirit stones, and then rummaged through the storage bag.

He took out a hard copy book and handed it to Qin Hao.

After taking the things, Qin Hao put them into the storage bag, turned and left the place, and walked towards other buildings in the central area of ​​Tainan Valley.

See what other types of buildings exist here.



Inside Zhao's Grocery Store.

Shopkeeper Zhao shook the nine low-grade spirit stones in his hand and put them into his storage bag, a treacherous smile flashed across his chubby face.

"This kind of tasteless exercise that can't be sold has successfully blackmailed a fool."

"It seems that today is a good opening."

Recalling what he saw with the Celestial Eye just now.

Shopkeeper Zhao was quite disdainful and complacent, and thought to himself: "You obviously practice wood attribute skills, but you say you have a master in the foundation stage, do you really think I'm stupid?"

"Which senior in the foundation building period will not even have a suitable basic exercise for his disciples."

"It's very likely that this silly boy learned the cultivation technique of immortality from somewhere by chance."

"Wait, since he can practice the wood-attributed exercises, it means he has the wood spirit root. Why should he change to the fire-attributed exercises?"

Suddenly, shopkeeper Zhao thought of a rather strange place.

I can't help but meditate secretly.

"Could it be that the wood attribute skills in this person's hands are not comprehensive?"

"But if that's the case, you can just buy the whole exercise of the same attribute. Why do you want to do that?"

It has never been a simple matter to change the cultivation method.

Many exercises even involve problems such as the loss of cultivation foundation and potential, and the reduction of cultivation base.

Otherwise, so many people in the world of cultivating immortals have cultivated to a certain stage and feel that their skills are not suitable, so why should they bite the bullet and continue to practice?

It is because it is not an easy task to modify the exercises.

"No, there is a secret in this kid." Shopkeeper Zhao thought carefully, and analyzed suspiciously: "Is it possible... that he was lucky enough to get the legacy of sitting in the cave of a certain senior."

"Is there a powerful treasure that is crucial to the fire attribute technique?"

"That's why this kid is willing to give up the previous wood-attributed exercises and forcefully change to the fire-attributed exercises?"

The more you think about it carefully, the more likely shopkeeper Zhao thinks this is possible.

After all, it is not without such precedents.

"If that's the case, I get such a treasure..."

When I think about it in my heart, I can no longer suppress it.

Shopkeeper Zhao packed up his things, quietly closed the door, and then left the shop, following the boy who left before him from afar.

He wanted to see with his own eyes whether the other party really had any secrets.



Wandering around the Tainan Valley for a while.

In the end, Qin Hao came to the gate of a five-story attic with "Drunken Dream Building" written on the plaque. This is the Immortal Cultivator Inn inside Tainan Valley.

During the Tainan Xiaohui period, the flow of people was the largest.

But it is not that no one comes here at ordinary times, it can be regarded as a small square city.

After looking at it for a while, Qin Hao entered it, and saw a tall and thin young guy who was quietly distracted, and he didn't know what he was thinking about.

Hearing footsteps, the other party quickly recovered.

He asked Qin Hao with a smile.

"Fellow Daoist, do you need to stay in a hotel?"

"How do you calculate the price?" Qin Hao asked directly.

"Three spirit stones a month." The young man said with a smile, "I wonder how long you plan to stay?"

"Three spiritual stones a month is a bit expensive!" Qin Hao recalled secretly, he remembered that ordinary casual cultivators worked hard for a year, but only earned two or three low-grade spiritual stones.

Living here for one month is equivalent to the income of ordinary casual repairmen working hard for a whole year.

Hearing Qin Hao's muttering, the guy's expression didn't change, he explained with a smile, and said, "Friend Daoist, the aura inside this store is quite abundant, very suitable for meditation and cultivation."

"Besides, there is also the protection of the formation prohibition, so the safety is naturally guaranteed."

"For a month's stay, only three spirit stones are needed, which is actually very affordable."

"Then let me ask first, how long will the Tainan Small Meeting be held?" Qin Hao turned to another key question.


		