

When Qin Hao was walking and observing Mo Juren, Mo Juren had already noticed that a stranger had come to God's Hand Valley.

Looking at the food box in the opponent's hand, he was thoughtful.

Guess it might be a substitution.

"Little brother is very strange, how come this old man has never seen you before?"

"Hui Mo doctor, I just joined Qixuanmen recently, and I will bring you meals after being sent by Zhou Guanshi." Qin Hao responded, looking very respectful.

He came to Mo Juren's side, put down the food box in his hand, opened it, and took out the food inside.

Then put the things one by one on the table in front of Mo Juren.

"Doctor Mo, please!"

"En!" Mo Juren nodded slightly, panted lightly and sat down, picked up a white porcelain bowl, and stirred it with a spoon.

When the temperature was about the same, he began to chew slowly little by little.

As for Qin Hao, who was in charge of delivering the meals, he stood quietly on the side, waiting patiently for Mo Juren to eat. When he finished eating, he had to take the bowls and chopsticks back for cleaning.

Waited for a while.

Seeing that Mo Juren had almost eaten, Qin Hao put away the bowls and chopsticks and put them back into the food box.

Just as he was about to turn around and leave, he heard the door of the back room being opened again.

Qin Hao subconsciously turned his head to look, and saw a black and thin half-grown boy and a rather stocky half-grown boy coming out of the room.

"I don't know which batch of experimental disciples Mo Juren accepted?"

"Are these two people Han Li and Zhang Tie?"

Thinking about things in his heart, Qin Hao behaved very naturally.

After just a quick glance, he lowered his head again, took the food box, bid farewell to Mo Juren, turned around and walked out of Shenshou Valley.

"One foot, two feet, three feet,..."

He silently estimated the distance in his heart.

When counting to about seven feet away from Mo Juren's location, he whispered to himself.

"Hey, when will I be able to make big money?"

"Obviously I met a fairy when I was young, and the fairy showed me my aptitude and said that I have some spiritual roots, but why did he shake his head and leave, unwilling to accept me?"

"Being a handyman is really tiring. I don't know if that immortal is a charlatan who cheats on food and drink?"

There was some sadness and helplessness in his tone.

Qin Hao didn't stop walking, and continued to walk away from the location where Shenshou Valley was.



same moment.

The interior of God's Hand Valley seven feet away.

Mo Juren, who was about to teach Han Li and Zhang Tie the basic knowledge of herbal medicine, relied on his own profound skills, and was keenly aware of the murmur of the meal delivery boy just now in the distance.

Although the voice of his words was weak, it was like the chirping of flies and mosquitoes.

But he still heard clearly.

"Immortal? Spirit root?!"

Sensitive to catch these key words, Mo Juren turned his head naturally.

He inadvertently looked at the figure outside the Valley of Gods Hands.

I saw that it had walked nearly ten feet away, and it was not a tall figure. It never looked back or stopped, and soon disappeared in the corner of the path.

Mo Juren's eyes flickered, and he began to ponder some thoughts in his heart.

"It seems that this person has a spiritual root, but the spiritual root is not very good. After all, for ordinary people, they don't know what a spiritual root is."

In my mind, such emotional words echoed out of thin air.

But Mo Juren was not at all unusual about this.

Instead, he was serious about what happened just now. He could see very clearly that the other party was just an ordinary boy.

Doesn't know any martial arts at all.

And the fact that he has peerless martial arts, except for Yu Zitong who is possessed.

Inside the Qixuanmen, no one knows about it anymore.

Even the sect master Wang Juechu and those guardians, hall masters and others only knew that he knew martial arts, but they didn't know how high his martial arts reached.

Combined with the short distance just now, and these news.

Mo Juren concluded comprehensively that the person just now didn't intend to trick him. He was really talking to himself.

It's just that he happened to overhear it.

"The two idiots I just accepted a while ago, I don't know if they are mortals without spiritual roots as before."

"That kid, I have to get it no matter what."

"At least it can be kept as a guarantee."

Mo Juren's eyes flickered, and he looked down at Zhang Tie and Han Li.

His tone was cold and he ordered.

"You two, first carefully review what I taught you yesterday, you know?"

Han Li and Zhang Tie nodded seriously when they heard this.

Looks very honest.

"Cough cough cough...!"

Mo Juren couldn't help coughing again, turned around and left the place.

Go to the place where the person just left.

What's more, his footsteps looked a little hurried, as if he couldn't wait. There was also a trace of greed and expectation in those eyes full of wisdom.

"I hope that kid's self-talk just now is true...!"



The distance between Shenshou Valley and the big kitchen of Qixuanmen is not short.

Qin Hao is not very old now, and with things in his hands, he walked and stopped all the way, resting non-stop, which took a lot of time.

When he returned to where the big kitchen was.

He was surprised to see that Zhou Guanshi was talking to Mo Juren, and Zhou Guanshi was nodding and bowing, completely different from the attitude of a big man in the kitchen on weekdays.

"This guy Mo Juren, when did he run in front of me?"

"I didn't notice it at all!"

When Qin Hao was thinking about something, he saw Guanshi Zhou beckoning to him.

"It looks like the little trick is done!"

When Qin Hao saw this, he was overjoyed, but on the surface he was a little apprehensive.

He trotted to Zhou Guanshi's side.

"The little one has seen Guanshi Zhou and Doctor Mo!"

"You kid, you are lucky. Doctor Mo saw that you are clever, so he wants to take you to work in the Valley of Gods." Steward Zhou put on an attitude of a big man to Qin Hao, implying in words: "Hurry up and thank Doctor Mo, and be careful in the future." Saddle up for Doctor Mo."

Upon hearing this, Qin Hao hurriedly thanked Dr. Mo.

There was a grateful expression on his face that he had left the status of a handyman.

"Put things down, come with me." Mo Juren nodded slightly, coughed a few more times, turned around and left on his own.

Zhou Guanshi took the opportunity to give Qin Hao a hint with his eyes, implying something.

Qin Hao also responded silently with his eyes, put down the food box in his hand, and quickly turned around to chase after Mo Juren who had already walked a certain distance.



On a dirt road in the forest.

Mo Juren and Qin Hao were walking one after the other, walking unhurriedly, and suddenly asked without looking back: "Do you know how to read?"

"I don't know!" Qin Hao replied honestly.

He really doesn't know what the words in this world are.

Being able to understand and speak, thanks to the experience in this life from childhood to adulthood, babbling, it will come naturally.


		