

Sensing a strange resonance wave coming from not far outside, Qin Hao's complexion suddenly changed slightly, and there was a sense of surprise in his heart.

Because the resonance fluctuation sensed this time has more than one source.

Instead, there are two of them.

"Does this mean that the mountain is heavy and the river is full of doubts, and there is another village?"

"I'm ready to leave Jingzhou again. There was no reaction before, but this time there are more than one?"

After recovering.

Qin Hao immediately maintained the state of the secret resonance method, and waved away the formation flags and formation disks arranged around.

Without hesitation, he rushed out of the room directly from the window.

Following the resonance induction, he turned over to the roof, stood on a high place, looked into the distance, and looked at the target closest to him.

The next moment, the surprise in Qin Hao's eyes froze.

It was a muscular, burly man with a full beard, a lion's mouth and a broad nose, and a tiger's back. His appearance was very rough and savage.

The most important point is that this guy is a man.

"Damn!"

"Is this resonance search secret method so unreliable?"

It was the first time I found a suitable life furnace, but I didn't expect it to be a man.

This also made Qin Hao understand one thing.

That is the result of the search and induction of the resonance secret method. It will respond to the target that can resonate, but whether the other party is a human or a beast, male or female.

That is an unknown.

Looking at the opponent's rough appearance and burly body, Qin Hao had a dark face, and decisively left this furnace of life behind.

Get out of here quickly.

"I hope that another secret method resonance target can be more reliable."

"Don't be so foolish."

"Otherwise, there is no way to use the third matching secret method of transplantation, to complete the transfer and implantation of the original device, and to breed the refiner with life."

Just a moment.

Qin Hao crossed a distance of hundreds of feet and appeared on top of another house.

Standing on a high place, he relied on the resonance induction effect of the secret method to overlook another suitable target that could generate resonance induction.

But in the end, Qin Hao's face darkened again.

The other party is indeed a woman.

However, it was a white-haired old lady who looked at least sixty or seventy years old.

The wrinkled face that looked like moldy orange peel, the single large die that was yellowed by the wind, and the crooked old body, and the strange stench that wafted down the wind...

Every body part is strongly stimulating Qin Hao's eyeball vision.

In his mind, an illusory picture of the dual-cultivation fusion of performing the transplanting secret method instinctively appeared, which immediately made his complexion change drastically, and he almost spit it out on the spot.

"This result...is too bad!"

"Slip away!"

Without the slightest hesitation, Qin Hao decisively soared into the sky.

In the blink of an eye, it disappeared into this bustling city.



After half a month.

Inside Bingzhou, which is adjacent to Lanzhou, on the horizontal branch of a thick old tree.

Qin Hao is sitting here cross-legged, putting on a five-hearted attitude, silently cultivating. After a while, the momentum on his body suddenly increased a little.

"Finally passed the initial stage of the tenth level of the Qi training period, and reached the state close to the middle of the tenth level of the Qi training period. If you practice hard for a while, you will almost reach it."

"The state of spiritual energy in Bingzhou is indeed far superior to that in Jingzhou."

"Not only has the speed of cultivation been increased, but even the power of element control has been amplified a lot, making my spells more effective."

With a thought, Qin Hao unfolded his personal attribute interface again.

Take a closer look at the current state.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Root: Five Elements Fairy Spirit Root

Current age: Thirteen

Maximum life expectancy: 356

Cultivation realm: Ten levels of Qi training, Twelve levels of God training

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary talent: Immortal Phoenix Flame, Crisis Alertness, Elemental Control

Extraordinary Physique: The Spiritual Body of the Five Elements

Core exercises: Burning Flame Hell God Jue, Da Ri Zhen Xing Contemplation Thoughts

Immortal Cultivation Skills: Alchemy (Small Success), Formation (Small Success), Artifact Refining (Small Success)

Spells and supernatural powers: fire bomb, wind control, celestial eye, talisman, object control, entanglement, ice cone, quicksand, lightning strike, ground stab, elementary water escape, elementary earth escape, hell god First

Basic skills: Scouting (cooling time - one hour), collection (cooling time - three months)

Qin Hao noticed that the display of his cultivation was not extremely accurate.

Each level of cultivation in the Qi training stage also has a small stage distinction of the early stage, the middle stage, the late stage, and even the perfect state. But here, it doesn't show at all.

Shows only a rough status.

"Three cultivators of spirit, qi, and spirit can reach even higher heights in the future." Qin Hao stretched out his hand to touch his smooth chin, thinking and recalling in his heart: "The practitioners in this diverse world are basically majoring in Qi training. Together."

"The number of immortal cultivators who also practice body training are pitifully small."

"But only the immortal cultivators who also cultivate the body can basically be able to counterattack the immortal cultivators of a higher level, and suppress the immortal cultivators who purely train the qi."

"If I am a fellow practitioner of the three paths of spirit, energy, and spirit, although I will definitely be extremely powerful in the future."

"But in the early and mid-term, it will inevitably slow down my practice progress."

"If I want to cultivate together in the three ways of energy, spirit, and spirit, it means that I must at least allocate more energy, time, and cultivation resources to support the development of the three different cultivation systems."

Just the fact that he is concurrently cultivating God, Qin Hao feels that a lot of his energy, time, etc. have been scattered too much.

The actual time spent on Qi training is only part of it.

"If I find a way to continue to practice body training, will my lifespan be enough?"

This point made Qin Hao himself a little uncertain.

I'm afraid I can't chew too much.

But as far as he is concerned, he doesn't even have suitable body training methods for immortal cultivators, let alone related body training resources.

"Forget it, let's think about the matter of body training later."

"For now, I will continue to practice both Qi and Shen."

Re-concentrating the chaotic thoughts in his mind, Qin Hao began to think about another important issue.

"Since Qi training is one, there are essential differences in Qi training, foundation building, alchemy formation, and Nascent Soul."

"So, is there a different essential difference in practicing God together?"

"Continuing to practice "Da Ri Zhen Xing Guan Thoughts", can the primordial spirit cultivation system achieve a natural transformation similar to Qi training to foundation building?"

This key question made Qin Hao think for a long time.

Various conjectures emerged in my mind.

If it can continue to achieve the transformation and sublimation of its essence, then there may be unknown changes in the soul weapons that accompany it in the future.


		