

Not long after.

Taoist Songwen returned to his temporary residence in Tainan Valley.

After proficiently saying hello to Layman Zuiyue and Gu Yue Sanren, he naturally went up to the third floor and came to Mrs. Jinling's room.

The two sides looked at each other without saying anything.

Taoist Priest Songwen took out some array flags and array disks from his storage bag, quickly arranged an isolation defense array in the room, and then began to talk secretly with Mrs. Jinling.

"What happened?"

"Where's that kid Han Li? Why didn't he come back with you?"

"It's like this. I obtained some information from Han Li. It is very likely that he has a master in the Foundation Establishment Stage." Mrs. Jinling mentioned to Taoist Songwen.

Immediately afterwards, she carefully narrated the tentative words of her conversation with "Han Li" to Song Wen.

Nothing is missing.

"Then Han Li and his master's words when getting along, listen to it yourself, don't you think it is very real?"

"It makes people completely unaware of where there is any falsehood."

"It sounds very real..." Taoist Priest Songwen sat on a chair, frowned and pondered for a moment, then quickly decided: "If that's the case, then let that kid Han Li go."

"After all, in the entire sect now, there is only the master, the old man, who is a cultivator in the foundation stage."

"At present, it is not suitable to provoke other immortal cultivators in the foundation establishment period, so as not to attract the attention of the seven major sects of the Yue Kingdom, and make us lose a better future and hope."

Hearing Taoist Songwen's words, Mrs. Jinling did not suspect him.

approve of his decision.

He really shouldn't take such a huge risk for the sake of a weak little sacrifice. Even if the other party may be lying and deceiving them.

But what if it is true?

What they are afraid of is this in case.

"However... there is a specific requirement for the number of sacrifices each time the church asks for offerings." Madam Jinling frowned slightly, and said softly: "Since we have decided to let that boy Han Li go, then we must Others need to be used to fill the gap in the number of sacrifices."

"If the number of sacrifices is not enough, we will be punished by the church."

"During the holding period of Tainan Xiaohui, if you search carefully, you can always find some suitable sacrifices for casual cultivators." Taoist Songwen showed a stern smile, and he was no longer the kind old man in front of others.

On the contrary, it looked a little hideous and terrifying.

"There are not a few immortal cultivators in the Qi training period that we can offend now."

"The holding of the local Tainan Xiaohui in Lanzhou happens to be the hunting ground for us and the Heisha Sect. As long as the leader succeeds as soon as possible, we can also get the help of the secret method."

"Even without the Foundation Establishment Pill, one can become a true foundation-establishment cultivator."

"Building Foundation Dan, cultivators in the foundation stage..." Mrs. Jinling murmured to herself, her charming eyes also revealing deep longing and anticipation.



"Chi Chi Chi...!"

The subtle and strange sound of melting continuously echoed inside the secret room.

Under Qin Hao's careful handling.

The white phoenix dancing in the palms of both hands successfully melted and extracted the elixir blood spirit grass into a mass of red mixed with cyan liquid.

Just take a sip of the medicinal fragrance that comes out.

Qin Hao could feel that the special fire attribute mana in his body fluctuated slightly and became more active than usual.

"Creation and vitality, perfect extraction."

"Unfortunately, there is no corresponding auxiliary medicinal herb at hand, so I can't try alchemy directly. I can only refine the blood spirit grass into a medicinal liquid."

"However, with the influence of Bai Fengyan's natural power, even if it is a pure blood spirit herbal liquid, its actual medicinal effect is not necessarily weaker than those carefully refined finished pills."

There is a touch of enthusiasm and anticipation in my heart.

Qin Hao was slightly distracted, took out a clean empty jade bottle from the storage bag, and poured all the blood spirit herbal liquid extracted through careful training into the inside of the jade bottle.

Then replace the lid of the jade bottle.

Not in a hurry to practice, he first meditated and adjusted his breath for a while to recharge his energy and calm his mind.

Wait until he feels about it.

Only then did he stop adjusting his breath, and picked up the jade bottle again, opened the lid, put it near his mouth, and carefully took a small sip of the medicinal liquid inside.

"boom……!"

The medicinal liquid entered the mouth and fell into the abdomen, from which a huge herb aura slowly emanated.

Qin Hao swiftly re-capped the mouth of the jade bottle, put it aside, then closed his eyes tightly, and began to practice "Burning Flame Hell God Art" with great concentration.

There are medicinal liquids to nourish and speed up the practice.

In just a few hours, he successfully broke through the second level of the Qi training period, and was successfully promoted to the third level of the Qi training period.

at the same time.

The mana circulation meridian system in his body has also undergone some minor adjustments.

become more mysterious and complex.

And with the improvement of Qin Hao's own cultivation, the Inextinguishable Phoenix Fire Seed, which had already been completely refined, also naturally grew and became stronger along with his improvement.

Let the power of Undying Fengyan become more terrifying and astonishing.

Inside the dantian, black and white flames shone thousands, like a round of blazing and condensed extraordinary stars fixed here, as if eternal, eternal.

Light up the entire dantian space.

The black and white cloud-like mana surrounding the fairy fire seed also gradually became thicker, misty and blurred.

It is like a large-scale cosmic nebula converging into one.



Unconsciously.

A few days passed quickly.

Qin Hao, who was in retreat, noticed the movement of the talisman around him, and woke up again from his penance.

Opening his eyes, he turned his head to look at the talisman key, and seeing a faint red light blooming on its surface, he knew that the one-month lease time was coming soon.

"The third level of the Qi training period is still not strong enough."

"Fortunately, Tainan Xiaohui will last for a month, and it's only been a few days since it started. I still have nearly a month of safe practice time."

With a wave of his right hand, he put away the jade bottle that kept the medicinal liquid and the talisman key again.

Qin Hao temporarily ended the retreat, walked out of the secret room, left the small building where he temporarily lived, and came to the hall of Zuimenglou again.

"Fellow Daoist, may I ask if you want to renew the fee? Or settle the bill?"

The same young man took the initiative to ask Qin Hao.

Qin Hao didn't respond directly, but took out the lock talisman from the storage bag and gestured to the young man.

"Fellow Daoist, what do you think this piece of spirit-locking talisman is worth?"

"Although the lock talisman is a good thing, you have obviously used this talisman, Fellow Daoist." The clerk of Zuimenglou carefully looked at the talisman Qin Hao took out, and estimated the remaining value in it.

Then he raised his right hand and stretched five fingers towards Qin Hao.


		