

Carefully sorting out the actual content of the "Seven Emotions Transforming the Devil's Sutra", the real result was far beyond Qin Hao's own expectations.

That's not some kind of cultivation technique that I guessed at all.

It is an extremely peculiar method of refining weapons.

However, in this method of refining weapons, the weapons that are sacrificed and refined are neither magic tools, magic weapons, and heaven-reaching spiritual treasures in the Qi training system.

Nor is it the Xuantian treasure related to the Xuantian law.

Rather, it is a tool associated with the primordial spirit that does not exist in the mortal world and the spiritual world at all.

As for which world it came from, that is unknown. Who knows how many worlds that Heavenly Phoenix True Spirit has been to before it was alive.

The mortal world and the spiritual world are just a very small part of the many worlds.

"Using one's own body, spirit and seven souls as the main body of the refining tool, using the emotions and desires born of the seven emotions and seven desires as the firewood for the casting, and using the consciousness and demons as the raw materials for refining."

"Then use life itself as a refining furnace to carry out cultivation."

"In the end, a companion weapon exclusively for the primordial spirit was created."

Qin Hao carefully read the content of the scriptures in the "Seven Emotions Transforming Demons", and found that the primordial weapon refined by it can grow and passively transform with the practitioner's own primordial spirit.

The stronger the primordial spirit, the more advanced and terrifying the accompanying weapon will passively transform.

But what surprised Qin Hao even more.

The companion weapon produced by this kind of sacrifice is an uncertain unknown at all.

"The internal actual effects of the accompanying weapons, as well as the external form of the accompanying weapons, are completely unable to independently determine the design."

"In the process of casting and refining, different emotions, different desires, different inner demons, and different melting pots of host life will interact together and affect each other."

"In the end, it naturally evolved."

"Even the refiner himself doesn't know what he will refine."

"What kind of function will it have?"

Through the records in the opening chapter of the scriptures, Qin Hao knew that the creators of the scriptures for creating such strange artifacts were originally inspired by observing the flowering and fruiting of the Xuantian Immortal Vine.

Then the weapon of Xuantian law was conceived and appeared.

And based on this as the blueprint for creating the method, a certain degree of deduction and change was carried out, and finally became a rather weird and mysterious method of training weapons like "The Magic of Seven Emotions".

"First of all, part of the seven souls must be split from the soul of the self, combined with the demons of the heart with a special secret method, and sacrificed to become a primitive weapon." Qin Hao continued to browse the follow-up scriptures, thinking secretly in his heart: "Then we need to Another scripture secret method, searching for a suitable boarding target."

"Judging whether it is suitable to be a melting pot of life, used to cultivate refining equipment."

"Afterwards, the third special secret method of reconciling yin and yang was used to transfer the original device and implant it into the furnace of life."

A lonely yin does not grow, and a single yang does not grow.

Such a special method of refining tools is based on a higher theory of yin and yang, combining the variation of life itself and the inherent powerful potential of evolution with tools.

Carry out natural evolution refining with the method of breeding life.

It achieves the same effect as the Xuantian Immortal Vine that breeds the Xuantian Treasure.

"If such a soul-associated weapon can be refined, it will directly have a weapon that can grow independently." Qin Hao quickly restrained his thoughts, and left this place decisively: "Go out first, leave here temporarily, in case there are more follow-up What about strong immortal cultivators?"

In the deep and winding dark mountain passage.

A young figure disappeared in a flash, and quickly appeared at the entrance of the cave.

After stopping for a short while, Qin Hao took a sneak look outside, and after confirming that there was nothing wrong, he rushed out of the cave without hesitation, and flew away while clinging to the ground.

In a blink of an eye, it disappeared into the primeval forest near Sunset Peak.



"Shua...!"

A young figure suddenly rushed out from the forest and stopped near the bottom of the cliff here.

Qin Hao glanced over with his consciousness, but he didn't notice Han Li's aura. He knew it in his heart immediately, guessing that this guy must have run away early.

"Forget it, just run away."

"I wanted to make another deal at first, but now it seems that I can only find other people to make a deal."

"It's time to make some other preparations for the Immortal Ascension Conference."

After a brief stop, Qin Hao set off on the road again.

The figure running on the ground, with a series of afterimages, disappeared in the outer area of ​​Caixia Mountain in a blink of an eye.

Run away from where this place is.



Just over four hours after Qin Hao left.

In the midair of Caixia Mountain, a dazzling thunder light flew again, and the light scattered, revealing a fat man with an unusually fat body.

The fat on the face is so much that it forms a double chin at the chin.

Make the neck almost invisible.

Especially the pair of eyes full of brilliance, under the accumulation of fat on the face, there is only a long and narrow slit left.

This person is none other than Lei Wanhe, one of the Dan-jie ancestors of Yellow Maple Valley.

For these years, he has been wandering around in the thirteen prefectures of Yue State, searching for high-year medicinal herbs, and preparing for his own refining of elixir.

Hearing the situation of Caixia Mountain by accident, he ran over to take a look.

"In this place where the birds don't shit, the aura is so barren and thin, it's unimaginable." Lei Wanhe stood in the air and carefully felt the aura of this place.

Instinctively, I felt that such a place would not be able to breed any treasures.

"Not even one-thousandth of the concentration of aura in Huangfeng Valley, this barren place..."

Frowning unconsciously, Lei Wanhe felt that he might be deceived by mortal rumors.

But it was all coming, he still released his alchemy consciousness, and quickly swept across the people of Qixuanmen below, as well as the different buildings on various mountain peaks.

Do mortals have hidden things, do they have any treasures?

You can know it directly by scanning the pill-forming consciousness at will.

"Huh? There are still immortal cultivators hiding?" Suddenly, Lei Wanhe sensed the aura of immortal cultivators during the Qi training period inside a certain building above Sunset Peak.

On that fat face, there was an expression of interest immediately.

The whole person landed like thunder, appeared inside the courtyard, raised his hand to ingest it from the air, and grabbed the junior in the qi training period in the palm of his hand.

Do not hesitate to search the soul directly, looking for news here by yourself.

"Ah ah ah ah ah……!"

The middle-aged man who sneaked into the Sunset Peak couldn't help but scream in pain.

But soon Yuanshen collapsed and became an idiot.

"It's interesting that there were cultivators from the Foundation Establishment Stage before." A trace of astonishment and surprise flashed in Lei Wanhe's eyes, and he was thoughtful: "I remember that girl, she seems to be from the Murong family."

"If the immortal cultivators in the foundation building stage come forward, how will these junior qi practitioners resist."


		