

During these few months.

Qin Hao completely gave up practicing the "Changchun Gong" method of training Qi, and instead devoted himself to practicing the method of "Da Ri Zhen Xing Guan Thought" to strengthen his own soul and consciousness.

And beyond that.

He also practiced "Luo Yanbu" and "Savage Dragon Strength" and other top-notch martial arts.

On the way to Tainan Xiaohui, make further preparations for life-saving measures. After all, Tainan Xiaohui is far away in the Tainan Mountain area near Guanggui City in Lanzhou.

But Qixuanmen is located in the remote area of ​​Jingzhou.

The actual distance between the two is more than thousands of miles, and along the way, there are many dangers that can threaten the lives of ordinary people.

The second floor of the Qi training period, although it is also a cultivator.

But compared to the combat power of fighting, the cultivators at this stage are really inferior to many mortal warriors in the rivers and lakes.

Far from reaching the level of qualitative change.

"With these methods alone, it's still not enough to deal with Mo Juren, who is also an innate warrior after all."

"With a strange poison in his body and his skill greatly reduced, that guy can destroy the body of a cultivator from a family of immortal cultivators on the seventh floor of the qi training period like Yu Zitong."

"I really can't underestimate that insidious guy."

Qin Hao stood on a cliff, looking at Mo Juren who was driving away in the carriage, indifferent and expressionless.

He knew that he had gone out to gather medicine.

Before the one-year limit set by the other party came, there were no herbs in the valley to assist his practice, forcing Mo Juren to go out to find the medicine himself.

"Fireball, Yufeng Jue, I've already learned it." Beside him, Han Li suddenly said, "When Elder Mo comes back next time, I'll get the antidote within a year."

"You and I will join hands and kill him."

"I have also practiced other martial arts such as "Luo Yanbu" and "Savage Dragon Strength." Qin Hao put his hands behind his back and seemed to be talking to himself: "There is still more than half a year to practice steadily."

After watching for a moment, he turned and left the place.

I am going to practice the rest of the basic spells to see if I can cultivate them to a perfect instant state.

"Taking this opportunity to leave Qixuanmen and stay away from Mo Juren, I can do it safely now."

"But if I don't kill my dear master with my own hands, I will eventually have some thoughts that are not clear. If my thoughts are not clear, I will not be able to eat well, and I will not be able to sleep well."

"That's not a good thing."



Seeing Qin Hao turn around and leave.

Han Li touched his chest subconsciously, and turned to leave this place as well, but he left by another road.

"A few days ago, this small bottle I picked up by accident always felt very important to me."

"Don't reveal it to anyone."

After experiencing Mo Juren's advance threats and calculations, the current Han Li has already lost his honest and honest character, and has become black-bellied and cunning.

Even if I don't know anything now, I still choose to keep my mouth shut.

"The "Blinking Sword Art", as well as this mysterious formula, must be practiced."

"Time, not enough..."



Walking alone on the narrow path, Qin Hao secretly thought about something.

Suddenly, he raised his left hand and pressed down on the cliff beside him. Lock Caixia Mountain again with the collection technique, and start to activate the collection technique that has completed the cooling time for several months.

"Shua...!"

A dazzled orange light suddenly spread out from his body at an extremely fast speed.

It completely enveloped the entire Caixia Mountain range.

The illusory acquisition progress bar that appeared in front of my eyes was steadily sliding towards the full bar in an orderly manner. After the counting time, the collection progress bar reaches the full state.

Qin Hao raised his left hand, and in the palm of his hand, a small orange light group quietly appeared.

Then use the detection technique to carry out detection and identification.

【Investigation target attribute】

Name: Pine

Grade: not graded

Remarks: This is an ordinary pine tree that has grown on Caixia Mountain for fifty-seven years and one month and three days

"It's the first time I collected something of little use, and I waited for a few months in vain." Qin Hao glanced at it, then threw it into the nearby grass.

At the same time, recycle with ideas.

"Bo...!"

The orange light film shattered by itself, turned into a ray of light, and entered his body.

Lost the constraints of the orange light film.

The collected pine tree suddenly returned to its normal size out of thin air, just like this quietly lying across the wild grass.

Be abandoned by Qin Hao.



Return to the no man's land deep in the Valley of the Gods Hand.

Qin Hao began to submerge the "Dari True Form Conception" and the remaining few basic spells again.

Soon, day by day, quietly passed by.

From the departure of Mo Juren in the early spring to the return in the early summer. After leaving a batch of cultivation medicinal materials for Qin Hao and Han Li, he left again not long after.

But this time, Zhang Tie also disappeared.

Only one letter was left for Qin Hao and Han Li respectively.

Han Li actually watched it carefully, but Qin Hao directly threw it aside, only concentrating on self-cultivation.

Unconsciously.

Half a year passed quietly.

"It's been almost two years since I came to God's Hand Valley." Qin Hao suddenly opened his eyes, stopped practicing "Da Ri Zhen Xing Guan Thoughts", and thought to himself: "The progress of Qi training is still the first to enter the second level of Qi training."

"The progress of practicing the method of god is enough to make my primordial spirit comparable to that of a fifth-level Qi training monk."

The spiritual consciousness is released, and its coverage area is more than five feet in radius.

Much stronger than before.

"Although I don't know any attacking spells with spiritual sense, the rough impact of pure spiritual sense is enough to disturb Mo Juren's mental state."

Suddenly, Qin Hao heard a burst of familiar footsteps.

"One year is up, Mr. Mo wants to see the two of us." Han Li's voice came from the side, and the words were full of anticipation and calmness.

"This time, if I kill him, my thoughts will be clear." Qin Hao also stood up, calmly, and said with a smile: "Let's go, it's time to kill Master."

The two walked side by side, and soon came to the door of the room where Mo Juren was.

He saw a mysterious man in black standing next to Mo Juren.

"Yu Zitong has lost his physical body, and his mana and soul are limited. He won't use his spiritual sense to investigate at will." Qin Hao's thoughts turned, and he knew it well.

"Here we are, where's the antidote?" Han Li looked at Mo Juren who was sitting on the chair, and couldn't see anything unusual.

Hearing this, Mo Juren sneered secretly.

He raised his hand and threw two elixirs, which were accurately caught by Han Li and Qin Hao respectively.

Han Li glanced at the antidote in his hand, and swallowed it decisively. Instead, it was Qin Hao beside him, looking at the pill in his hand.

Suddenly a weird smile appeared.

"Master, this disciple has an important matter, and I want to ask Master to cooperate."

"What's the matter with you?" Mo Juren asked back.

"The disciple's thoughts are a little unreasonable, and he wants to kill the master with his own hands." Qin Hao threw away the pill in his hand and said with a smirk: "So please be more honest, master, and cooperate with me obediently."

"Jie jie jie...!"


		