

Walking out of the grove as if nothing had happened, Qin Hao looked at the surrounding environment without any trace in his eyes, after seeing no suspicious targets.

He immediately breathed a sigh of relief.

"fine!"

"The range of movement is large enough, and the speed of diffusion is fast enough, so that others don't pay attention to me for the time being."

Without the slightest hesitation, he stepped onto the dirt road.

Continue to the big kitchen.



After a while, Qin Hao walked into the big kitchen.

Like other Qixuanmen disciples, while receiving some breakfast and food, he pretended not to understand anything and discussed with other disciples.

The main object of discussion is the mysterious orange light phenomenon that appeared not long ago.

Listening to all kinds of speculations from those nearby, and judging and considering the response of the high-level officials of Qixuanmen based on scattered news, this gave Qin Hao a bottom line.

"Push the conflict to the Wild Wolf Gang?"

"It's a good decision. Presumably the Wild Wolf Gang will react and take action soon."

"I just don't know what they will do?"

Thinking about something in his heart, Qin Hao quickly finished his breakfast.

Then he turned around and left the place, and walked towards Shenshou Valley in a steady pace, without showing the slightest nervousness and urgency, just like a normal person.

Waiting to return to the interior of God's Hand Valley.

He found that Mo Juren's figure was not there, and he didn't know where he went.

"Perhaps... it has something to do with the abnormal movement before."

Qin Hao guessed in his heart.

Without stopping, he came near the cliff in the depths of Shenshou Valley, and he took the initiative to enter the closed room that belonged to him, and closed the heavy stone door.

"Now, I can finally check the results of this random collection with confidence."

Qin Hao had a glimmer of hope in his heart.

Reaching into his pocket, he took out a small orange light ball the size of a billiard ball.

The orange light film on its outer layer looks very fragile, but it is actually very flexible and strong. As long as he doesn't want to break it, then this thing is very difficult to break.

Raising his right hand, he looked at the contents carefully, with a strange look in his eyes.

"A round egg?!"

If you observe carefully, you can see that it is really round and smooth like a bird's egg.

The core appears black and white.

And on its surface, it is covered with red, green, yellow, silver and blue five-color mysterious textures, which looks strange and mysterious.

Preliminary judgment, this is not useless waste.

Taking advantage of the situation, he glanced at the cooldown time of the scouting technique, and found that there was still about half a quarter of an hour left.

Qin Hao waited patiently.

Soon, half an hour passed by.

The calm Qin Hao opened his eyes again, and did not hesitate to investigate the mysteriously collected items in his hand.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Immortal Fire Tinder · Unquenchable Phoenix Flame

Grade: Level 1

Remarks: When a fairy-level true spirit Tianfeng was on the verge of death, it was the remnant of the failure of rebirth after ashes and nirvana. After a long period of time, it evolved by chance and coincidence, so that it naturally possesses the law of destruction and the law of good fortune, which can be devoured Absorb the essence of any flame, enhance it naturally, and also enhance it by self-cultivation

"This time, I finally got a good thing!"

"It's not in vain that I risk my life to expose my identity!"

Seeing the basic attributes of the collected items this time, Qin Hao was so excited that he almost laughed out loud.

But fortunately, he still knew that this place belonged to the interior of God's Hand Valley, so it might not be safe, so he covered his mouth with his hand, and forcibly suppressed his smile.

Taking a few deep breaths in a row, he gradually calmed down the excitement in his heart.

Wait until you completely calm down.

Only then did Qin Hao take the small orange light ball and actively pressed it on his head.

"Bo...!"

The orange light film shattered, and the unquenchable phoenix fire inside disappeared into the body.

Naturally passive and fully refined.

The mind looks at oneself, when the fire seed enters the lower dantian of oneself, suddenly, a black and white two-colored flame bursts out from it.

"boom……!"

Feng Yan burned herself, like being reborn from ashes.

at this moment.

Qin Hao felt a hot burning and tingling sensation from the inside out, no matter whether it was the body or the soul.

"Crackling...!"

The explosion sound of the fleshy membrane being burned and cracked sounded one after another.

Qin Hao felt that he was going to be burned dry, and his soul was even more unbearably hot. He couldn't help but want to cry out in pain, but his vocal cords had been destroyed.

Make him unable to make a sound.

But during this process, he also felt an extremely comfortable mysterious warm current, accompanied by the burning of the immortal phoenix, which naturally dissipated throughout his body inside and outside.

Even his own three souls and seven souls were also affected by the same inexplicable influence.

One is extremely violent, as if it wants to completely destroy everything without leaving any traces.

The other is full of vitality, just like the rising sun at dawn, where the flame shines, everything is completely new and fundamentally changed.

Just like a phoenix in the ashes of fire, it is transformed into a new life.



I don't know how long it has passed.

Qin Hao only felt that his burnt consciousness was blurred for a while, but he finally recovered completely.

With a slight movement of his hands and arms, bursts of "click click" sounded suddenly on his body, he opened his eyes again, and looked down at himself.

I saw that on the surface of my body, there was a layer of black and red burnt condensation.

I don't know if it's flesh and blood, or the condensed debris with the clothes.

At this moment, with a slight force, it will be stretched and torn, revealing the white and firm skin underneath. He subconsciously stretched out his hand to touch it, and the touch felt as delicate and moist as suet white jade.

The exposed skin can make many women envy and jealous, and feel ashamed.

"Crack, click...!"

With a little effort, Qin Hao stood up and broke free from the condensation residue outside his body.

All the clothes on his body were taken and torn together.

"The strength of the physical body has obviously become much stronger." He shook his hands lightly, and the sense of tightness and strength between the muscles, bones, flesh and membrane was very obvious.

The sea of ​​consciousness space where the mind looks inside itself has been opened up naturally at this moment.

Even the three souls and seven souls inside were fused with the immortal phoenix fire into the body, allowing them to condense into the primordial spirit in advance, giving birth to the essence of divine consciousness.

He can "see" that his soul is sitting cross-legged in his sea of ​​consciousness.

And on its surface, there is still a layer of black and white hazy flames dancing and burning, as if covered with a layer of misty and mysterious veil.

"Feng Yan's power has entered the sea of ​​consciousness, but he has a certain resistance and counterattack against Duoshe."

Sensing the changes in the sea of ​​consciousness, Qin Hao was overjoyed.

Soon, the divine sense penetrated into his lower dantian again, he was surprised for a while, and then frowned imperceptibly.

A pensive look appeared on his face.


		