

Considering the abnormal mountain structure of Sunset Peak, Qin Hao has reason to suspect that there are some special forces inside the mountain that support the existence of that strange mountain structure.

Otherwise, a mountain with only an outer shell and a completely hollow interior.

How can it evolve normally.

"I don't know what the result will be if we use reconnaissance techniques to investigate inside the Sunset Peak?"

With curiosity in his heart, Qin Hao used Yufeng Jue again.

Between the sky and the earth, the aura of the wind attribute quickly and spontaneously combined with itself, turning into a dense mist, supporting him into the sky at a very high speed.

It's like riding the clouds and riding the fog, walking against the wind.

Taking advantage of the darkness, he quickly flew towards Sunset Peak again, and disappeared in a blink of an eye.



After a while.

Qin Hao appeared at the bottom of the Sunset Peak.

He let go of his spiritual consciousness, which was comparable to the seventh level of Dacheng during the Qi training period, and began to scan carefully the mountain structure of Sunset Peak itself.

He believed that there must be hidden entrances and exits on this mountain.

Because the collapse and destruction mechanism on the Qixuan Temple was built by a former Qixuanmen sect master taking advantage of the unique terrain that naturally existed on this mountain.

It is an important trump card for Qixuanmen and powerful enemies to die together.

Then to be able to discover this kind of terrain, there must be a place where you can enter it, otherwise, how would the head of the Qixuanmen detect and use it.

Under Qin Hao's serious search.

After less than a cup of tea, he noticed a hollow behind a cliff full of luxuriant vines, which was not a solid structure.

"Could it be here?"

With a move in his heart, he came here in a flash.

When I was about to go in, I suddenly looked down at the grass under my feet, and the direction of the leaves of a small part of the weeds was a little different from the surrounding weeds.

"This kind of trace...?"

Qin Hao squatted down and took a closer look.

Thoughtful.

"Someone has been here, and it won't be long."

"It looks like this is indeed the place."

Qin Hao, who originally planned to swagger in to investigate the situation, suddenly became cautious.

Secretly maintain the state of using Yufengjue.

He stretched out his hand to lift up the lush and vigorous vines that were hanging down, and when he entered the back, he saw a deep and dark hole in front of him.

Its height is less than sixteen feet, and its width can only accommodate two people walking side by side.

On the surface it looks a little bottomless.

Qin Hao explored the way with his spiritual sense, seeing the darkness as nothing, and sneaked in silently.

The surrounding stone walls in the cave have both natural unevenness and traces of man-made repairs, and traces of the start of construction can be vaguely seen.

The deep and tortuous passageway of the cave was first raised by tens of feet.

Then suddenly bend down and extend.

Qin Hao's body was like a phantom, and he quickly crossed a distance of hundreds of feet. After turning a corner, suddenly, there was a faint fire in the darkness.

He stared carefully, and found that someone was standing there holding a torch.

It looked like he was searching for something.

"It's Wang Juechu!"

"What is he doing here?"

Qin Hao hid in the darkness, observing Wang Juechu's every move.

At the same time, with the help of the light of the torch in his hand, he took advantage of the opportunity to observe the situation of the stone walls inside the cave. Soon, he discovered something rather strange.

"The natural texture on the stone wall is somewhat similar to the feathers of birds."

"It's hard to be a fossil?"

The more you observe carefully, the more Qin Hao thinks it looks alike.

With a move in his heart, he used reconnaissance on those fossil-like things. Soon, one after another new information flow content appeared on his personal interface.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Cave of the True Spirit

Level: fairy level

Remarks: Falling into ruins, returning to the source of chaos, uniting soul and soul, gathering form from the source, changing fate against the sky, immortality and immortality

"I...!" Qin Hao hurriedly covered his mouth, almost screaming out loud.

It never occurred to him that inside the Sunset Peak, there is actually a fairy-level True Spirit Cave hidden, which is extremely high-level and unknown.

"No wonder the mountain structure of Sunset Peak itself is so special!"

"It's so empty that it hasn't collapsed yet."

He couldn't be more clear about what the Cave of the True Spirit is.

That is the place where the true spirit fell, and it has a chance to evolve. Once the cave of the true spirit appears, it means that there must be the source of the true spirit inside the cave of the true spirit.

Only when the source of the true spirit exists, can the acupoint of the true spirit evolve.

And any living being, if it refines the true essence, then its own life potential will be directly raised to the same level as the innate true spirit.

The worst guaranteed achievement of future potential is the beginning of the Mahayana realm.

And the level of this Cave of the True Spirit is as high as the immortal level, which means that if any creature can obtain the inner source of the true spirit, its future potential will at least start with a true immortal.

It may even be more powerful and terrifying.

"It's definitely not that easy to open the Cave of the True Spirit." Qin Hao carefully recalled the memories related to the Cave of the True Spirit, and thought to himself: "First, use the blood of the True Spirit to perform a blood sacrifice to activate the Cave of the True Spirit."

"And then there's the massive amount of precious and rare material that needs to be processed to open it up."

"But whether it is the blood of the true spirit or those rare and precious materials, it is impossible to collect all of them in the mortal world. Even the types of true spirits are different, and even the high-level materials required are different."

"Theoretically, it is impossible to open this Cave of the True Spirit in this world."

All kinds of congenital constraints have resulted in the fact that the number of True Spirit Caves is not only extremely small, but even if they are found, it is almost impossible to open them.

Not to mention getting the inner source of the true spirit and changing one's fate against the sky.

"If the harvesting technique is used to forcibly collect the true spirit acupoint, I wonder if it is possible to collect and deprive this fairy-level true spirit Tianfeng of the true spirit source?"

"After all, there is more than just the origin of the true spirit in the Cave of the True Spirit."

"There is also the potential for certain fatal hazards."

Thinking about something in his heart, the way Qin Hao looked at Wang Juechu gradually changed.

But soon, he endured the murderous thoughts in his heart.

"If Wang Juechu dies here, it will inevitably lead to Qixuanmen's wanton investigation of this place."

"No matter what he is looking for here, it cannot be the Cave of the True Spirit. This thing, in this world, is simply a hopeless treasure that cannot be opened."

"Even if it is placed in the spirit world, it may not be able to open it."



Just when Qin Hao had just had the idea of ​​killing, it disappeared in a flash.

Wang Juechu, who was lighting a torch and looking for clues to possible treasures here, instinctively felt a chill.

It's like being targeted by some horrible monster.

"Who?!"

Wang Juechu turned around abruptly, holding his breath and concentrating, holding up the torch.

Carefully observe everything here.


		