

Hearing such an inquiry, Han Li's eyes flickered and changed.

In my mind, I carefully recalled the relevant bits and pieces.

Inexplicably, he felt that the way Mo Juren looked at him and Junior Brother Qin was a little too eager and excited, even vaguely with a trace of inexplicable fanaticism and greed.

Once, he accidentally lost his temper and injured his meridian.

As a result, Mo Juren was even more nervous than himself.

All these bits and pieces made Han Li feel strange. It wasn't until now when he heard Qin Hao's words that he realized that he wasn't the only one who found it weird.

"What does Junior Brother Qin want to say?" Han Li pretended to be calm and asked.

It's just that at this moment, he is a little immature, and he can vaguely see the true thoughts in his heart.

"Before the three of us, he actually accepted several batches of disciples inside God's Hand Valley." Qin Hao smiled at Han Li, with some meaning: "But those people, within a few years, all died. .”

"Although the causes of death are various, it still cannot hide that they all died prematurely."

"If Senior Brother Han doesn't believe this matter, you might as well ask those people who have been in the Qixuanmen for a long time to see if it is true."

"They're all dead..." Han Li's eyelids trembled, and there was a wave of panic and fear in his heart, but he still managed to remain calm, pretending to be calm and asking, "I don't know what Junior Brother Qin means?"

"Since we are trapped here, we might as well use the hands of our acquaintances to collect some martial arts secrets outside." At this time, Qin Hao mentioned the matter to Han Li, and said in a low voice: "Only with the power of self-protection is enough to deal with potential crises. .”

"After all, the heart of defense is indispensable."

Seeing Han Li's thoughtful and emotional expression, Qin Hao added another reminder: "Don't tell Zhang Tie these things."

"He trusts Mo Lao too much, and there will be unexpected dangers."

After thinking about it, he decided to temporarily hide the matter of basic spells.

After discussing with Han Li in a low voice, Qin Hao stood up, left Han Li's closed room, and stood alone inside the Valley of Gods Hands.

He carefully combed through all the clues known so far.

"Mo Juren was deceived by Yu Zitong, who made him think that he must reach the fourth level of the Qi training stage in order to meet the minimum basic conditions for being taken away."

"And Mo Juren and Yu Zitong check and balance each other, and no one dares to act rashly."

"That is to say, whether it's myself or Han Li, as long as they haven't reached the fourth level of the Qi training stage, there is no actual danger to their lives."

"At most, in other aspects, they will be threatened by Mo Juren."

"This is an opportunity."

After thinking about it in his heart, Qin Hao decided not to deliberately hide himself.

Always meet Mo Juren.

And as long as the two meet, with his sharp eyesight, he will definitely notice the external changes in himself, and he can't hide it at all.

"Wild Wolf Gang is also a good target to use."

Qin Hao's eyes flickered, he turned and walked directly to the big kitchen.

He was going to meet another Wolf Gang undercover steward Zhou.



Near an extremely remote and desolate cliff.

Qin Hao and Zhou Guanshi stood here, talking secretly to each other.

"How did you become like this now?" Manager Zhou asked suspiciously.

"He gave me some inexplicable medicine every three days, and it turned out like this." Qin Hao made a fool of himself, and then mentioned his real purpose: "I need some books that can learn ancient Chinese. If there is an explanation attached, that is naturally the best."

"In addition to this, a mixed poison is needed."

"A single poison, if eaten, is a tonic, which has the effect of nourishing the body. But if it is mixed with another corresponding thing, it will become a deadly poison."

Hearing Qin Hao's words, Zhou Guanshi narrowed his eyes slightly.

She glanced at him suspiciously.

Need poison, he can still figure it out. But he needed to learn ancient Chinese books, and he couldn't figure it out.

And Qin Hao didn't mean to explain.

He continued to speak on his own, making good use of the line of the Wild Wolf Gang and turning it into his own help.

"In addition, I can already confirm that there is indeed a fairy treasure on Mo Juren's body, which is always carried by him close to his body."

"And beside him, there is a cloud-winged bird that is used to monitor and detect news."

"I need to investigate him carefully and secretly, and do things for the lord. So the cloud-winged bird must die, but that bird flies fast and is very alert, so I can't kill it."

"I will arrange people to deal with these matters." Zhou Guanshi put his hands behind his back, glanced at Qin Hao sideways, and reminded lightly: "Whatever the leader wants, you must get it no matter what."

"Well done, there are a lot of benefits."

"But if you don't do well..."

Without continuing to speak, Zhou Guanshi put his hands behind his back, turned around and left here on his own.

Only Qin Hao stood here quietly.



When Qin Hao returned to the vicinity of Shenshou Valley, he happened to meet Mo Juren who had returned from his trip.

At the moment when the two met.

Qin Hao keenly noticed that Mo Juren's eyes looked at him, there was a trace of strangeness and doubt, and then it quickly turned into a vague eagerness.

"Good boy, have you made a breakthrough in your skills recently?"

"Fortunately, I barely got into the second layer of formulas." Qin Hao smiled excitedly, as happy as an eight-year-old child.

"Okay, okay, you must work hard." With a joyful smile on his face, Mo Juren stretched out his hand and patted Qin Hao's shoulder lightly. There was a slight undetectable strangeness in his eyes, and he laughed loudly: " This month, your money will be doubled."

"Thank you, Mr. Mo!" Qin Hao smiled more and more happily, and said, "I will continue to practice now, and strive to become stronger as soon as possible."

Hearing this, Mo Juren smiled all over his face.

He also smiled very happily.

Looking at the back of that young man going away, full of vigor and vitality, he seemed to see his bright future.

"Young, how nice!"



When Mo Juren was happy.

Yu Zitong Yuanshen possessed him, but he was in doubt for a while.

"how is this possible?!"

"Just getting into the second level of "Eternal Spring Kung Fu", unexpectedly such a huge change will happen!"

Mo Juren didn't know the details of the breakthrough of the immortal cultivator during the Qi training period, but he knew it all too well, because he himself was a genuine immortal cultivator.

From the first floor of the Qi training period to the second floor of the Qi training period, it is impossible for such a huge change to occur.

"No, there seems to be a possibility...."

He secretly recalled and thought carefully.

I vaguely remember seeing it in some classics in the family, it seems that some people are born with a special physique. However, some people are born manifest.

But some people are hidden.

Awakening can only be achieved when certain corresponding conditioned stimuli are encountered.


		