

Seeing the look in Zhou Guanshi's eyes, he seemed to be moved.

Qin Hao reminded again in a low voice.

"That old guy's martial arts is clearly not weak, but within the Qixuan Sect, only a very small number of people like the Sect Master know about it."

"No one else knows."

"It can be seen that there must be some special hidden existences that are not known to ordinary people."

Hearing Qin Hao's words, Zhou Guanshi habitually reached out and stroked the mustache near his lips, thinking seriously in his heart.

At the same time, be careful around your surroundings to prevent other people from appearing.

"In this way, this person is indeed a hidden danger and needs to be eliminated." Zhou Guanshi's eyes flickered, and then he frowned slightly: "But this person has been staying inside the Valley of God's Hands, and rarely walks out of Qixuanmen."

"Even if you want to get rid of it, you can't send people in here to ambush you."

"No, Steward Zhou, there is actually a chance in the gang." Seeing Steward Zhou's expression of interest, Qin Hao immediately said, "Although this man has extremely high martial arts skills, he is really seriously ill."

"It needs to be taken with precious herbs for a long time to suppress one's own injuries."

"As far as I know, there are not many medicinal herbs in Shenshou Valley. In another five years at most, this person will have to go out in person because of the lack of healing medicinal herbs."

"Go pick some herbs by yourself."

"Because of the injuries on his body, it seems that there are some unknown secrets, and he doesn't want to be known about the details, as if he is deliberately concealing something."

"That night, the little one had vaguely heard words such as 'immortal' and 'treasure', which may be related to this."

"In addition, the armed struggle within the gang exerts pressure."

"In this way, he has no way to use the power of Qixuanmen to find medicinal herbs for himself."

Looking at Guanshi Zhou, Qin Hao suggested in a low voice: "At that time, as long as he leaves Qixuanmen and really goes out alone, that will be an opportunity."

"Let the masters in the gang ambush in advance, and then join forces to siege and snatch the fairy treasure he carries with him."

"When the time comes, Jie Jie Jie...!"

Hearing Qin Hao's cunning and sinister laughter, Zhou Guanshi valued this kid even more.

It's worthy of being an undercover agent.

"it is good!"

"This is the style of our Wild Wolf Gang. To deal with the enemy, we must do whatever it takes."

"I will report this matter to the leader of the gang."

Words are spoken.

Manager Zhou reached into his pocket, took out a fist-sized money bag, and stuffed it into Qin Hao.

"This is the activity funds given to you by the gang. Do it well. On the premise of not revealing your identity, try to find out as much news as possible about that master Gu Mojuren."

"Remember not to waste money and spend it casually, so as not to attract others' attention."

He patted Qin Hao's shoulder lightly.

Manager Zhou reached out his hand to touch the mustache near his lips, and then with his hands behind his back, he walked out with steps that his relatives did not recognize, and left the place quietly.

Inside the woods.

Qin Hao gently shook the purse in his hand, with a weird smile on his face.

"Wild Wolf Gang, they actually paid me spy wages!"

"Is it that good?"

Just by touching it with his hand, Qin Hao knew that there was at least thirty taels of silver in it.

He stuffed the money bag into his pocket casually.

He also turned around from another direction, quietly left here, and walked towards the location of God's Hand Valley.

"The Wild Wolf Gang is uneasy and kind, and so is Mo Juren."

"I hope that when he goes out to collect herbs, he can be surrounded and wiped out. It's best for both sides to suffer. Of course, even if it fails, I have a way to deal with it."

"After all, the enemy is dark and we are clear."

Return to the interior of God's Hand Valley.

Qin Hao entered the room, sat cross-legged on the bed, and carefully pondered the first layer of formulas for cultivating immortals taught by Mo Juren.

The other party is just teaching, without any meaning of explanation.

He can only figure out the inner meaning of these formulas by himself.

"I remember that at the very beginning, Han Li couldn't understand it at all, so he asked the people inside Qixuanmen how to practice internal strength, and he did it himself."

"In the end, I was very lucky to be able to cultivate the magic power of cultivating immortals."

"But now, Han Li has been practicing for almost two months, so I can ask him directly."

As soon as he thought of it, he went out to find Han Li.

After finding it, the three of them discussed the method of practice, and tried to practice by themselves.



Unconsciously.

Another nearly two months passed quietly by.

Sitting cross-legged in the room, Qin Hao felt the hair-thin, faintly visible icy flu in the meridians in his body, and gradually revealed a very touching smile on his face.

"It took nearly two months of penance to cultivate, and finally cultivated the first wisp of wood attribute mana."

"This efficiency is really slow!"

From a real mortal without any spiritual roots, to now a budding immortal cultivator who has spiritual roots and has cultivated a ray of mana.

Qin Hao really felt the difficulty of immortality.

"But no matter what, at least he is stronger than the current Han Li."

"But Mo Juren must not know about this, otherwise his main attention will be on me. This is not a good thing."

"Han Li has his own family, which is his weakness, so Mo Juren will not do anything against him at first."

"But I'm not necessarily alone."

After serious consideration, Qin Hao decided to slow down the progress of his practice at first.

It is necessary to let Mo Juren know that he can really cultivate immortals, but his qualifications are poor. And he can't let him focus on himself.

That's how safe it is.

"Then I can only protect Han Li in front of me first."



Another few months passed in a blink of an eye.

Soon it was time for Mo Juren's first assessment.

Qin Hao, Han Li and Zhang Tie were summoned by Mo Juren and came before him one after another. Qin Hao noticed that Zhang Tie, who was standing nearby, seemed very nervous.

Among the three, he was the only one who remained silent.

Mo Juren sat on the grand teacher's chair, narrowed his eyes slightly, and scanned the three people in front of him without any trace, focusing on Qin Hao.

"Now, show me the results of your practice in the past few months."

"Stretch out your hand and take the initiative to exercise."

While speaking, Mo Juren stood up.

The first one came to Qin Hao's side, grabbed his wrist veins with one hand, and pressed his lower abdomen with the other hand, and used his own internal force to perform slight stimulation.

Don't wait for Qin Hao to take the initiative to exercise.

The wood attribute mana of the thin hair in his body naturally circulated in the meridians. Such a situation also made Qin Hao more vigilant.

"If I don't control the progress of my practice, I won't be able to hide Mo Juren at all."

"Han Li must be protected in front of him."


		