

Quietly climbing over the courtyard wall, Qin Hao sneaked into the interior of Jinguang Temple.

I saw the architectural layout inside the Taoist temple, which looked extremely luxurious and spacious, and the sense of sight of the nouveau riche was much stronger than when viewed from the outside.

Like some country rich man's yard.

The solemnity and majesty of the Taoist temple itself can't be seen at all.

"It's better not to confront Venerable Jin Guang directly, who knows what other good things that guy is carrying besides the Flying Sword Talisman and the Vajra Talisman."

"Anyway, the Qin family in Qinyeling before was also a family of immortal cultivators in the alchemy stage."

"Even if it is now so lonely that it is almost dead, in terms of treasures, it is richer than most of the foundation-building stage cultivators. There is a great possibility of a killer."

Recalling his memory, Venerable Jin Guang wore a golden talisman tortoise shell, activated the flying sword talisman that could kill ordinary foundation-building stage cultivators, and showed off his prestige in front of a group of mortal warriors.

He also looked triumphant, as if I was invincible in the world.

Qin Hao felt a burst of heartache, this guy is really too prodigal and too rich.

"A diamond talisman costs around nine to ten low-grade spirit stones."

"A talisman can cost at least thousands of low-grade spirit stones."

"As for the Ascension Token of the Yellow Maple Valley, even if the price is tens of thousands of low-grade spirit stones, there will be a lot of immortal cultivators vying for it, and it may not be possible to snatch it."

Qin Hao couldn't be more clear about the value of a Token of Ascension to Immortals.

It not only represents that he can be sent directly to Huangfeng Valley, the great sect of cultivating immortals in Yue country, and become a master in the world of cultivating immortals in Yue country in one fell swoop, surpassing the status of casual cultivators and disciples of many non-sects in the immortal cultivating family.

And you can definitely get a Foundation Establishment Pill.

Among the seven major sects of the Yue Kingdom, such things as the Foundation Establishment Pill are important strategic materials that are personally controlled and decided by the ancestor of the Jiedan Qi.

It is related to the rise and fall and inheritance of a sect in the future.

Even those immortal cultivators from the immortal cultivating family had to find a way to join the Seven Great Sects if they wanted to obtain the Foundation Establishment Pill, and then worked hard to obtain it.

In this way, it may not be possible to successfully join the Seven Great Sects.

Even if you successfully joined, you might not be able to obtain the Foundation Establishment Pill even if you put your life on the line.

Not to mention other casual cultivators with the lowest status.

Among the many surrounding countries, the Yue Kingdom is still a country with very rich resources for cultivating immortals.

Even Yue, a resource-rich country, is still like this.

It is conceivable how barren and bloody the world of cultivating immortals in other countries is outside of the Yue country, and the competition and killing among others is even more terrifying.

Wanting to buy Foundation Establishment Pills from the outside world is no different from dreaming.

Because Ancestor Jiedan would not allow any grains of this thing to flow out.

The initial destination of each Foundation Establishment Pill has clear records and goals, and is extremely strictly guarded.

Tens of thousands of low-grade spirit stones were sold for a Token of Ascension to Immortals, all of which were seriously undervalued treasures.

There are still rare treasures that cannot be bought with spirit stones.

But these good things are only part of the treasures of Master Jin Guang. It is completely unknown how many good things are still in his storage bag.

It is also unknown whether there are additional hidden treasures inside the Golden Light Temple.

"The cultivation base is only the third level of the Qi training period, but there are many valuable treasures on his body."

"When the ancestor Jiedan saw it, he couldn't help but want to go out and rob him himself."

"What is a big fat sheep? Venerable Jin Guang is a model. Those who have higher cultivation bases than him, and those who do not have as much wealth as him, are not qualified to be called big fat sheep."

The more he recalled the memory of Master Jin Guang at this moment, the more hungry and thirsty Qin Hao felt.

I can't wait to rush in now and kill Master Jin Guang on the spot.

"Calm down, don't be impatient."

"That guy has too many treasures on him, if he confronts him head-on, he might capsize in the gutter."

"Han Li was able to easily snatch the Flying Sword Talisman. It's just that Venerable Jin Guang didn't target him because he wanted to show his prestige to ordinary people. This gave him a chance to snatch it."

"Otherwise, Han Li will surely die, and he won't be able to stop the attack of the flying sword talisman at all."

Standing in the corner, Qin Hao quickly regained his composure and became calm.

Then they quietly searched inside Jinguangguan.

Look for traces of Venerable Jin Guang.

Not long after, he was inside one of the most luxurious rooms, and saw the Golden Light Venerable who was happily counting gold.

Qin Hao peeked through the gap in the window from the corner of his eye and quietly observed the interior.

He saw a middle-aged dwarf, skinny man in his forties, wearing a red robe with gold trim, counting his gold seriously and carefully.

Around the thin and short neck, there is a thick gold chain that can tie a dog.

There is more than one gold ring on his finger.

There is also more than one big gold tooth inlaid in the mouth that grins from time to time. He looks like a nouveau riche rich man.

"Since I'm in Jinguangguan, I haven't been invited by those rich people to have fun."

"It saves me from waiting in vain."

Without a sound, Qin Hao quietly left here again.

Turn around and go to the kitchen inside Jinguangguan, take out a bottle of colorless, odorless and highly poisonous that has been prepared in advance from the inside of your storage bag, and pour it into the water tank.

Then he left here quietly.

After thinking for a while, Qin Hao sneaked away from Jinguang Temple again, and galloped with Yufengjue to the halfway up the mountain.

Meet Wang Wu who led the way again.

"Wang Wu pays homage to the immortal!"

Seeing the visitor, Wang Wu immediately saluted and responded seriously.

"Hmm!" Qin Hao took out a piece of paper from the storage bag, on which was recorded the contents of the first four layers of "Changchun Gong". He handed it to Wang Wu and said, "This is the content of the immortal method, but Remember, only those with predestined wood spirit roots can practice successfully."

"If you don't have a natural wood spirit root, you can't get started."

"Okay, you can back down."

Wang Wu respectfully took the white paper full of words, and carefully stored it inside his clothes.

Then he cupped his fists to salute Qin Hao, turned around and strode away from here.

"Shua...!"

After sending Wang Wu away, Qin Hao returned to the vicinity of Jinguangguan again.

He began to hibernate patiently, waiting for Master Jin Guang to be poisoned and die suddenly in his lair. Even if he survived by luck, he must be seriously injured.

"If it wasn't for worrying about the use of the fireball technique, even the storage bag would be burned together, so why bother."

"However, if you can get so many treasures, a little waiting time is nothing. As a cultivator, the most important thing you need is patience."

Qin Hao hid in the canopy of a thick and leafy old tree, concentrated and calm, always observing the situation inside Jinguang Temple from the corner of his eye.

In waiting patiently.

The time soon came close to the evening.

Ordinary people who served Master Jin Guang also began to enter the kitchen to prepare delicious meals for Master Jin Guang.


		