

The orange light shines brightly.

Even in the daytime and sunny days, it still does not hide the traces of its light.

At this moment, the entire Caixia Mountain was surrounded by that orange light, and was witnessed by everyone from Qixuanmen and Wild Wolf Gang.

In an instant, everyone was shocked.

"Could it be that a fairy appeared?!" Seeing this, some senior figures who had experienced wind and rain couldn't help but screamed in horror, their faces full of tension and fear.

Obviously, he recalled his experience of "meeting immortals" in his heart.

There are also those ordinary warriors who don't know the existence of immortal cultivators. Seeing this scene, they each have different thoughts, and their eyes flicker.

But more people were surprised and shocked.

Everyone was extremely curious, looking at the glowing land under their feet, they couldn't help squatting down and touching it with their hands.



at the same time.

In the main hall above Sunset Peak, the main peak of Qixuanmen.

The current head of the sect, Wang Juechu, was also alarmed by such an abnormal change. He rushed out of the hall with some elders to carefully observe the mysterious scene outside.

"What the hell happened here?"

"The mountain is glowing?!"

"This is a miracle...!"


Everyone stood on a high place, condescending, overlooking all directions.

They could clearly see that not only Sunset Peak was shining, but also other surrounding peaks, etc., were all shining by themselves at this moment.

Including the general resident range of Qixuanmen and Wild Wolf Gang.

"Wait, this range is Caixia Mountain!"

Soon, Wang Juechu noticed such a clue, and his mind was full of thoughts.

He unconsciously recalled the ancient legends related to Caixia Mountain.

"Could it be...that legend is true?!"

His face changed several times, Wang Juechu came back to his senses, his expression turned extremely serious, and he gave orders to the elders and hall masters around him.

"Pass down the order, this matter must not be leaked to the outside world."

"No, wait...."

Suddenly, a new idea came to his mind.

He changed his words and ordered.

"Send people to spread rumors to the outside world, saying that a mysterious treasure has appeared inside the headquarters of the Wild Wolf Gang, causing such a mysterious vision."

"Getting it can make people greatly improve their martial arts."

"Sect Master, your move is brilliant!" Next to him, Deputy Sect Master Wu smiled, and immediately praised him, saying: "In this way, we have diverted the possible danger from our side."

"It can also use the power of other people in the rivers and lakes to disrupt and even destroy the Wild Wolf Gang."

Wang Juechu stretched out his hand to brush his beard, smiling on the surface and saying nothing.

But there is another idea in my heart.



same moment.

Inside the main resident of the Wild Wolf Gang.

The current assistant, Jia Tianlong, had just completed a set of boxing techniques, exercised his muscles and bones, and was about to go back to his room for dinner, when he suddenly saw such a mysterious scene.

The whole person was stunned immediately.

"This... is this... the legendary fairy art?!"

Unconsciously, he opened his mouth slightly, his face full of shock and surprise.

The performance of the other members of the Wild Wolf Gang was even worse. Some were screaming, and some were kneeling and kowtowing, with fanaticism and excitement on their faces.

The whole scene quickly became chaotic.

Suddenly, Jia Tianlong recalled a secret news that he saw not long ago.

That was the important information secretly sent back by Guanshi Zhou, who had been lurking inside the Qixuan Sect, and mentioned words such as "immortal", "treasure", "Shenshou Gu Mojuren" and so on.

"Could it be that... Mo Juren, the genius doctor in the Qixuanmen God's Hand Valley, really has a fairy treasure?"

"The scene like this at this moment...!"

Originally, he was skeptical.

But at this moment, he witnessed such a mysterious vision scene with his own eyes. This had to make him think a lot, and he began to think seriously about recalling the information that Steward Zhou secretly passed back.

"If this is true, Mo Juren must be killed...!"

"Seven Profound Gates, God's Hand Valley!"

Jia Tianlong stared carefully and watched carefully.

Gradually made some decisions in his heart, those wolf king-like eyes, with fierceness and cunning, listed Mo Juren as a must-kill target.



same moment.

Inside Shenshou Valley, Mo Juren was sitting on his comfortable recliner, coughing from time to time, while carefully flipping through the book in his hand with the cover of "Longevity Classic".

Those old eyes were full of thought and longing.

"There are two goals now, when the time comes, you and I will each have one."

"However, I have to choose first."

He was reading the book, and at the same time distractedly chatted secretly with Yu Zitong who was possessing him.

Trying to use the one with good aptitude as his new body. Leave the one with poor spiritual root aptitude to Yu Zitong.

Yu Zitong sneered secretly when he heard Mo Juren's voice.

Then he also talked silently with him.

"As long as Brother Mo doesn't forget his promise to Yu, he will help Yu obtain a new body with spiritual roots."

"Even if I let you choose first, it's all right."

"Of course." Mo Juren responded secretly, just as he was about to continue to say something.

Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he noticed the abnormal light of the sky outside, and immediately became vigilant, and with a quick dodge, he came to the window of the room.

Through the gap in the window, he carefully looked out.

Suddenly stunned by shock.

Looking around, the mountains, rivers and land in front of me are covered with a layer of orange fluorescent light, which looks very mysterious, not like an ordinary scene at all.

"What the hell is going on here?"

"Could it be that some immortal cultivators have also come here?"

Thinking of this possibility, Mo Juren's heart shuddered, and he immediately observed carefully.



"Go faster, go faster...!"

Looking at the collection progress bar on the personal attribute interface, Qin Hao only felt a burst of impatience.

Such a large-scale abnormal scene is really eye-catching, and it will definitely attract many people to investigate carefully. It is not a good thing to stay here for too long.

But no matter how impatient he is.

The virtual acquisition progress bar on the attribute interface is still moving towards the full bar at a constant speed, and it does not change at Qin Hao's will.

"The collection technique is a random collection. I don't know what will be collected this time?"

"Hope it works for me..."

Just when Qin Hao was impatient and had to wait patiently.

The collection progress bar finally reached the full bar. At the same time, he instinctively felt something wrapped in the orange light, and immediately raised his hand to lift it up.

"Wow...!"

The bright orange light flowed back into his body at an extremely fast speed like water waves.

At the same time, Qin Hao noticed a small orange ball of light suddenly appeared in the palm of his left hand. Without taking a closer look, he stuffed it into his pocket.

Turn around and leave here decisively.


		