

Return to the closed chamber.

Qin Hao locked the door, then sat cross-legged on the futon, reached out to take out the storage bag from his arms, and first took out his [Cultivation Diary] and pen and ink from the inside with his spiritual sense.

Opening the diary casually, he dipped the ink with a brush.

Start writing new diary content on the diary.

[November 26th, overcast and cloudy, Lanzhou Tainan Valley, Cangyu Mountain Drunken Moon Layman insulted me as an ant on the second floor of Qi training period]

[November 26th, overcast and cloudy, Lanzhou Tainan Valley, Woniushan Qingniuguan put up a single Taoist Songwen, intending to trick me into killing me as a sacrifice to the Heisha Sect]

After finishing writing, Qin Hao carefully recalled it and confirmed that no one had missed it.

Only then did he put away the [Cultivation Diary] and pen and ink in his hand.

"In the future, I will specifically refine a magic weapon or magic weapon for writing a diary."

"The pen, ink and paper used by mortals are of poor quality after all."

He muttered a few words to himself.

Qin Hao took out the jade box containing the blood spirit grass again, and opened the lid, revealing the spiritual medicine blood spirit grass stored inside.

"Swallow it whole, what if the medicine is too strong and kills me?"

"No, you still have to take it carefully."

"But if this happens, the medicinal effect of the blood spirit grass will volatilize and weaken again, causing a lot of waste."

"What if the effect of the medicine is so wasted in the end?"

A brief moment of thought.

Qin Hao opened his left hand, and in the palm of his hand, a cluster of pure white flames suddenly appeared.

In an instant, the temperature inside the secret room began to increase slowly. And besides that, he also found that the blood spirit grass that looked a bit wilted hadn't dried up because of it.

On the contrary, she was slightly delicate and charming, as if she had recovered a trace of imperceptible vitality.

"Sure enough!"

"The inside of the white phoenix contains the power of good fortune and vitality, which is beneficial to life."

"If this fire is used to temper the blood spirit grass, it may be possible to better refine and exert the medicinal effects contained in it. It may even be optimized in certain aspects."

Concentrating his mind, Qin Hao carefully recalled the medical skills he learned from Mo Juren.

After that, he carefully recalled the basic alchemy explanation for immortal cultivators from Yu Zitong, and the detailed description of the blood spirit grass in the encyclopedia of common elixir medicines.

After thinking in silence for a moment, he gradually had an idea in his mind.

"Almost ready!"

Qin Hao lifted the blood spirit grass out of thin air with his spiritual sense, and controlled it in front of him.

Immediately afterwards, the palms of both hands pretended to be a ball of white phoenix flames out of thin air, enveloping the blood spirit grass as a whole.

"Chi Chi Chi...!"

Subtle burning sounds resounded on the blood spirit grass one after another.

On the contrary, its vitality became more and more vigorous, whether it was the leaves or branches, they all gradually melted in the white phoenix flames.

It is not the result of burning into ashes like ordinary flames.

Seeing such an unexpected process of extraction of medicinal ingredients, Qin Hao felt a little joy in his heart, and became more careful and focused on controlling it.

Don't dare to be distracted or careless in the slightest, for fear of any accident that will lead to failure.



Meanwhile, the other side.

After Mrs. Jinling parted with Qin Hao, she quickly returned to the temporary resting place of Taoist Songwen and others without any hesitation.

As soon as she entered the hall on the first floor, she saw Lay Zuiyue sitting on a chair and cutting her nails.

He felt the movement of someone coming in.

Layman Zuiyue turned his head and saw that Mrs. Jinling came back here alone, and did not see the weak chicken monk on the second floor of the Qi training period.

"You came back alone? What about the ants on the second floor during the Qi training period?"

Layman Zuiyue asked a very casual question.

The concentration of a pair of eyes is still placed on his fingernails, as if there are flowers on them, with a careless and lazy attitude.

"Han Xiaodao and I have taken the initiative to separate for the time being." Mrs. Jin Ling glanced at him, her spiritual sense sensed that she didn't see Daoist Songwen in this temporary residence, so she asked Layman Zuiyue, "Daoist Songwen Woolen cloth?"

"Daoist Songwen just went out at that time, who knows where he went?" Responding casually, the layman Zuiyue turned his head to look at Mrs. Jinling, and said, "Could it be that ant on the second floor of the Qi training period who consciously followed?" We dragged our feet and separated by ourselves?"

"It's good to separate, so as not to be delayed at critical moments."

"For that kid has self-knowledge, hum!"

Hearing Layman Zuiyue's words, Mrs. Jinling quickly glanced at the other party, and a faint sneer and sneer flashed in her eyes.

It's like watching a dying person.

"The fifth floor of the Qi training period, hehehe..."

"You regard the little guy on the second floor of the Qi training period as an ant, but in the eyes of our Heisha Sect, you are not an ant."

"Maybe the ants in your eyes will escape our hunting and live longer than you."

He didn't mean to say anything more to Lay Zuiyue at all.

Mrs. Jinling turned her hand and took out a sound transmission talisman, quickly recited the mantra in a low voice, and input all the words she wanted to say into the sound transmission talisman in her hand.

Then release your right hand.

The sound transmission symbol suddenly turned into a red flame, and quickly went away.

After distributing the sound transmission talisman to another companion, Taoist Songwen, Mrs. Jinling twisted her seductive waist and walked up to the third floor by herself.

Then enter a room and wait patiently inside.



Inside Tainan valley.

Taoist Priest Songwen, who was looking for suitable prey for sacrifices, suddenly received a sound transmission talisman from Mrs. Jinling, and his heart skipped a beat.

It was very natural to look back at the two new casual cultivators who had just been recruited.

On that kind-hearted and compassionate face, there was an appearance of a good old man, and he said: "Two fellow Taoists, it's getting late, and the poor Taoist will go back to rest first."

"I don't know what the two fellow daoists plan to do?"

"The two of us brothers will go around again and see if we can get something useful in exchange." Among them, a middle-aged man with a short and fat body cupped his hands at the Songwen Taoist priest and said, "When you've wandered around for a while, The two of us brothers will naturally come to visit."

"Okay!" Hearing this, Taoist Songwen showed a good-natured smile, took out a talisman, handed it to his older brother, and said, "This is the key to the temporary residence of Pindao and others here. The location is over there."

Words are spoken.

Taoist Songwen raised his right hand and pointed to a three-story attic in the center of Tainan Valley.

"Daozhang, goodbye." The somewhat chunky man accepted the talisman handed over by Song Wen, and then took his younger brother to continue wandering around the Qingshi Square.

Search for tradable items useful for the two of them in their practice.

Seeing this, Songwen turned around and walked back with a refreshing smile on his face.


		