

The interior of the room.

Mo Juren sat on a grand teacher's chair, his eyes narrowed slightly, and he remained silent.

Until Han Li and Qin Hao walked into the room one after another and greeted him loudly. Those eyes opened slowly, revealing a pair of calm and indifferent eyes.

When Han Li and Qin Hao raised their heads again and looked at Mo Juren, they saw a different scene.

In Han Li's eyes, Mo Juren's complexion looked paler and sallow today, and he even had a faint look of gray and defeated.

Gives people a lifeless feeling of dying.

But the same appearance, in the eyes of Qin Hao, who had already given birth to divine consciousness, was a different scene.

Not only did Mo Juren's withered and dead appearance become more and more obvious.

On his body and face, there is also a strange black mist that can't be seen by mortal eyes, but can only be felt by spiritual consciousness.

Those black mist seem to have their own independent life and consciousness.

Distorting and changing on Mo Juren's face, each wisp of mist is like densely packed tiny tentacles, dancing wantonly, baring their teeth and claws.

It is slowly and continuously devouring Mo Juren's vitality all the time.

"Blood Arrow Ghost Curse!"

In my mind, such a name suddenly appeared.

Although I have met Mo Juren before, he is well maintained and has sufficient internal strength. Although there is also a faint black mist, it is definitely not as strange and dense as today.

"It seems that the fight last night had a great impact on him."

"It consumed a lot of skill and life."

Although Qin Hao hid it well, seeing the strange look on Mo Juren's face, a hint of surprise and chill still involuntarily flashed in his eyes.

With Mo Juren's keen observation, he naturally caught the subtle changes in Qin Hao's eyes.

The eyes he looked at the two disciples in front of him gradually changed from indifference and calm to more sarcasm and contempt, which was almost undisguised.

It's like watching two small bugs that can be crushed to death.

The expression on his face was no longer the usual dull and indifferent, but instead became a bit sinister. Seeing such a change, Han Li felt uneasy in his heart.

Subconsciously, he took a small step back and shrank behind Qin Hao.

At the same time, his left hand retracted to the inside of the sleeve, calmly pinched the poisonous sleeve arrow hidden inside the sleeve, and vaguely pointed the launch port at Mo Juren who was sitting on the chair.

"How dare you show off some tricks in front of the old man?"

Mo Juren sneered.

The body sitting on the chair suddenly moved, and came to the two people at an incredible speed, and suddenly shot, touching the acupuncture points of the two.

"He's so fast!"

"Spiritual consciousness can detect it, but the body's reaction can't keep up with it!"

Feeling that his body was motionless, Qin Hao's pupils suddenly shrank, and a faint look of shock flashed across his face.

But soon regained calm and composure.

They watched Mo Juren take out Han Li's hidden poisonous sleeve arrow from Han Li's sleeve, play with it a few times before throwing it on the ground.

The eyes that looked at Han Li were full of ridicule and contempt.

Seeing this, Han Li's complexion changed a few times, and he quickly regained his composure.

Leng Leng and Mo Juren looked at each other.

"it is good!"

"You two are worthy of being my Mo Juren's disciples. You are not afraid in the face of danger, and you are calm and composed."

Seeing Han Li and Qin Hao's calm performance, Mo Juren laughed out loud, with a hint of admiration and relief in his eyes.

But laughing and laughing, he couldn't help coughing again.

"Cough cough cough...!"

Standing where he was, he gasped heavily.

The complexion of the face suddenly turns white and turns red.

After a long time, after Mo Juren recovered, he spoke to himself.

"You two, you have embarrassment towards me, and you don't treat me as a master."

"Actually, I didn't treat you two as disciples either."

Afterwards, Mo Juren began to tell Han Li and Qin Hao about his past with Yu Zitong, his origin and identity.

Of course, a little modification and beautification have been made.

Wait until after speaking.

He looked at Han Li and Qin Hao, and smiled sinisterly.

"Originally, I planned to train you with good intentions, and wait until you have cultivated to the fourth level of this exercise, and then come to treat me."

"Unfortunately, last night, an uninvited guest came uninvited."

"A hand-to-hand fight made my injuries worse. I don't have so much time to wait for you to practice slowly."

While speaking, he took out a boxy sandalwood box from his body.

Open the lid to reveal two small pure white pills inside, then pinch open the mouths of Han Li and Qin Hao, and force-feed them one by one.

"I'm not going to hide it from you, this thing is called Corpse Worm Pill, and it is a special worm egg carefully prepared by a secret method." Mo Juren untied the acupuncture points of the two of them casually, and said with a sneer: "After eating it, you will be able to eat it." It lurks inside the body for a year."

"After a year, if there is no corresponding antidote, the eggs will hatch."

"At that time, it will gnaw from inside your body, eat up your internal organs alive, and make you suffer so much to death."

As soon as these words were spoken, Han Li's face suddenly became much uglier, and he was a little panicked.

On the contrary, Qin Hao remained calm and calm.

"Aren't you afraid?" Mo Juren looked at Qin Hao with gloomy eyes, a little surprised in his heart.

"Fear is useful?" Qin Hao glanced lightly, not saying anything at all.

In his heart, he secretly laughed at Mo Juren.

"Even though you are cunning, cunning and scheming, how can you know the many methods of cultivators."

"Corpse bug pill, you can remove it with a flick of a finger."

If it is dealt with by common people's means, Western medicine's method of laparotomy and egg retrieval, together with the medicine to stop bleeding, heal wounds and reduce inflammation, can easily solve the problem of "Huoshichong Pill".

But if you use the methods of a cultivator to deal with it, then there are too many methods.

Or use the consciousness born on the fourth level during the Qi training period to carry out a brutal mental attack, suppress and destroy the three souls and seven souls of the egg itself, turning it into a dead egg.

Lost activity, unable to hatch.

Or practice one of the basic introductory spells, "Object Control".

Treat the eggs as objects to be controlled, take them out of thin air, and so on.

Using the Zombie Pill as a threat control can only deal with ordinary mortals who have little knowledge. Although Mo Juren is smart and cunning, he still can't change that he is just an ordinary person.



Seeing that Qin Hao didn't mean to talk much.

Mo Juren sneered, and turned to look at Han Li whose complexion had obviously changed, threatening again gloomyly.

"Every month, is the money you entrusted to your family enough to spend?"

"If it's not enough, I can give you some more."

Hearing these words, Han Li's face became even more ugly, and his heart was filled with anger.

I wish I could kill Mo Juren now.

But considering the corpse worm pill he just ate and the safety of his family, he could only endure silently and forcibly.


		