

Looking at the small orange light ball that appeared in his hand, Qin Hao looked at the little snow rabbit demon again. Although he was still alive, he always felt that there was something missing from the other party.

Let go of your fingers, and the little snow bunny fell to the ground.

But it doesn't run or bark, it looks extremely quiet and well-behaved. In fact, he found that the eyes of Little Snow Rabbit Demon had become much duller.

It's like completely turning into a stupid rabbit with dementia.

Holding up the small orange light ball in his hand, Qin Hao observed it carefully, and only saw a mass of white gas inside, changing from moment to moment, without a specific shape.

From the surface, it is impossible to tell what this is.

Fortunately, today's reconnaissance technique, he did not use it casually, and it still existed normally.

At this moment, he did not hesitate to start reconnaissance and identification of the small light ball in his hand.

The next moment, one after another of brand new information flow content appeared on his personal interface out of thin air.

[Reconnaissance Target Attributes]

Name: Life Instinct·Crisis Awareness

Grade: Level 1

Remarks: Natural selection, survival of the fittest, all trees are soldiers, prophets of the unknown

"This thing...is actually the primitive instinct of life?!" Qin Hao looked at the thing in his hand with a look of astonishment and bewilderment.

"Could it be that little snow rabbit demon's own sixth sense of life - intuition?"

"This thing can be randomly collected?!"

Looking at the small orange light ball in his hand, Qin Hao seemed to realize the basic skill collection technique evolved from the game for the first time.

This thing was a little scary and unexpected.

"Pure auxiliary ability is the strongest ability."

A smile gradually appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Without hesitation, Qin Hao pressed the small orange light sphere in his hand towards himself, and the orange light film was controlled to burst as soon as it touched his skin.

Wrapped in the ever-changing mist, they sank into Qin Hao's body together.

In silence.

He felt that something was merging with himself, becoming a part of himself.

But feel carefully, but nothing exists, mysterious and mysterious, mysterious and unpredictable. Qin Hao stood where he was, secretly perceiving for a moment.

He suddenly left the secret room and went downstairs to the outside.

This moment.

He was keenly aware of the difference.

A faint wind is blowing, bringing danger signals hidden in the smell.

Many flowers, plants, trees and vines are growing naturally. It seems that there is no change, and everything is normal, but it implies a reaction to various subtle changes in the surrounding natural environment.

There are also many voices, carrying information that ordinary people can hardly perceive...


The instinctive collection of environmental information from the five senses of life becomes more refined and sensitive.

The five senses are intertwined, resonating rhythm.

And then evolved the original instinct and intuition of the sixth sense of life.

At the same moment, Qin Hao inexplicably felt a life crisis lingering around him, invisible and unpredictable.

It is like the darkness and depression before the storm.

Although nothing obviously abnormal can be seen, heard or smelled.

But there is an inexplicable sense of intuitive crisis.

"Shua...!"

He turned his head abruptly, and his eyes looked at the direction where the instinctive sense of crisis came from.

But I saw the bustling and bustling people coming and going.

"Who is it?"

"He actually became malicious towards me and wanted to harm me?!"

Standing at the gate, Qin Hao observed carefully for a while, and then walked back into the attic with a blank expression.

When his figure disappeared inside the formation restriction.

The vague instinctive reaction to crisis disappeared immediately, as if nothing had ever existed.

"Stay here, is it safe for the time being?"

According to his own instinctive reaction, Qin Hao was thoughtful.

He came near the window on the third floor, carefully opened a gap, peeked out quietly, and carefully looked for the target that made him have an instinctive dangerous reaction.



Tainan Valley, on Qingshi Square.

Shopkeeper Zhao, who deliberately hid himself among the trading crowd, heaved a sigh of relief.

He cursed secretly.

"At that glance just now, it came really suddenly and quickly, a little weird."

"I was almost seen by that little guy."

After recovering, shopkeeper Zhao instinctively felt that something was wrong.

Why did the other party suddenly turn to look at him?

"Could it be that I was exposed?"

He looked at the bustling crowd of people coming and going, and at the attire he deliberately concealed, there was nothing to reveal his identity at all.

"Maybe it's just a coincidence?"

"Or, he is looking at someone else, not me, just in the same direction?"

Confirmed that his identity was well concealed, and there was no sign of exposure.

Shopkeeper Zhao regained his composure.

However, recalling the scene he just saw in his mind, he was extremely shocked again.

"It's already a mana fluctuation of the fire attribute!"

"In less than two months, not only did he complete the conversion of the exercises, but he also broke through to the third level of the Qi training period. Such a terrifying and exaggerated progress, even the spirit root of that day is far behind."

"The speed of cultivation is really too fast!"

"This kid definitely has a big secret!"

Witnessing that change with his own eyes, shopkeeper Zhao became more and more fiery and excited, his face was flushed, and he wished he could kill and grab it now.

He knew that the other party was definitely not Tianlinggen.

But the current signs show that the other party's cultivation speed is much faster than Tianlinggen.

"No matter what, I will take him down!"

After leaving a paper figurine talisman to keep an eye on the place underground, shopkeeper Zhao wandered around for a while before going back to continue opening the shop and taking the opportunity to do business.

At the same time, we are also looking for new suitable little sheep.

Prepare for hard work and prosperity.



Through the gap in the window, Qin Hao carefully observed the location.

I saw more than a dozen guys who covered themselves tightly. Among these people who hide their identities, some are stall owners, and some are doing business.

There are even people walking around, looking around and observing something.

There were so many suspicious targets that Qin Hao couldn't confirm who was most suspected, so he could only guess and think for himself.

"Could it be the guys from the Heisha sect?"

After thinking about it, Song Wen's gang of Heisha Cult guys are the biggest suspects.

Apart from this group of people, Qin Hao couldn't think of anyone else for the time being, and couldn't help but secretly poked another account for the Heisha Sect.

"Taking advantage of this time, continue to improve your cultivation."

"It's time to adapt."

After watching for a while, Qin Hao carefully closed the gap in the window, turned around and went back to the closed room.

Looking at the little snow rabbit demon who had become stupid, he picked up his ear, threw it aside casually, and then took out the jade bottle storing the liquid medicine from the storage bag again.

Open the lid, sip a drop of the liquid medicine, and put the jade bottle away again.

Began to continue silently and painstakingly.


		