

Unconsciously.

Twenty-five days passed quickly.

Inside the secret room, Qin Hao was sitting cross-legged on the futon, slowly recuperating.

On the left side beside him, there is also an empty jade bottle, and the medicinal liquid of that blood spirit grass has already been consumed.

"boom……!"

Suddenly, Qin Hao's momentum changed suddenly.

The aura pervading the secret room, like a cloud in the wind, quickly gathered in his body, further fueling such power and making him gradually stabilize.

after a long time.

Qin Hao stopped practicing and opened his eyes again.

"The third layer of "Burning Flame Hell God Art" has finally reached its consummation state."

"It's a pity that the blood spirit grass has no medicine, so it can't make alchemy, so it can only be used roughly. Moreover, it lacks the seal of the talisman, and the efficacy of the medicine has also been lost."

"The situation forced it to do so."

End this time of retreat and penance again.

Qin Hao glanced at the empty jade bottle beside him, and waved it away.

"Calculating the time, this Tainan meeting is coming to an end."

"The crisis dormant in the dark will also be officially revealed."

After thinking for a while, Qin Hao didn't continue to practice, mainly because he hadn't fully comprehended the content of the fourth level of practice scriptures of "Flaming Prison God Art".

Only when you understand the practice scriptures can you continue to practice normally.

"The power of the fireball technique activated by the black phoenix flame must be far beyond the lethality of the ordinary fireball technique, and it will pose a fatal threat to the immortal cultivators in the late stage of Qi training."

"With the martial arts I know, it's not true that I have no resistance."

Thinking of this, Qin Hao didn't panic.

Of course, the most important point is that among the immortal cultivators here in Tainan Xiaohui, the strongest are still in the Qi training stage, and basically they are all immortal cultivators lower than the tenth floor of the Qi training stage.

There is no huge difference in the realm of the world.

Not too hesitant.

Qin Hao took out the gourd-shaped magic weapon from the storage bag, and rubbed the black gourd skin with his fingers, feeling a bit cold to the touch.

"I didn't intend to refine this somewhat incomplete magic weapon."

"But now it seems that it has to be refined, and maybe it can help a little at a critical moment."

With a slight thought in his heart, he held the black leather gourd in both hands and began to refine it actively.

The fire-attribute mana, like black and white mist, spewed out from both hands, wrapped the gourd in his hand, and slowly penetrated into it.

My mind was still distracted by other things.

"The explanation of the basic alchemy experience obtained from Yu Zitong is quite profound, and it is very likely that it came from the hands of an immortal cultivator in the foundation establishment period."

"If it is traded and sold, will it be self-defeating and cause greater danger?"



Three days passed in a flash.

Without waiting for the time for this lease renewal to go to the end, Qin Hao walked out from the interior of Zuimenglou, passing by a flower bush.

Shaking his hands, he threw away the talisman key.

After all, he still didn't choose to trade the alchemy experience, the hidden danger was a bit too high.

It's totally worth the candle.

Just as he was about to leave Tainan Valley directly, Qin Hao suddenly thought of something important.

"I remember...every time the Heisha Sect went out to capture casual sacrifices, traps would be set up outside. If you don't know the range, go out rashly."

"What if we happen to enter the hidden encirclement trap arranged by the Heisha Cult?"

"No, I have to take this opportunity to go to Mrs. Jinling's side to find out the situation."

"I know they are members of the Heisha Sect, but they don't know that I know they are members of the Heisha Sect, so I am safe in this Tainan Valley."

After thinking about it in his heart, Qin Hao changed direction very naturally.

Walk towards the direction of the small attic that Mrs. Jinling mentioned before.



at the same time.

A piece of paper figurine talisman hidden in the ground noticed Qin Hao's departure, and a trace of spiritual consciousness entrusted to it immediately fed back the news to shopkeeper Zhao.

"Finally... came out!"

"I have been waiting for such a long time!"

Shopkeeper Zhao packed things skillfully and closed the door without hesitation.

Then, with the guy who robbed and robbed, carefully concealed himself, and quietly followed him up, the method seemed very skillful.



Tainan Valley, the central area.

Inside another attic.

Taoist Songwen and Mrs. Jinling and other immortal cultivators met secretly again to discuss matters in private.

"Fellow Daoist Ye Chen sent a secret message before, saying that the encirclement outside has almost been set up, just wait for us to coax the prey into it."

"There are more helpers coming this time, let us bring more prey then."

"If you want to bring more sacrifices..." Taoist Songwen frowned and pondered, and cautiously, he said to Mrs. Jinling: "I have to see the arrangement over there with my own eyes before I can make real sacrifices." Decide."

"Fellow Daoist Jin Ling, you know that Ye Chen is a habitual exaggerator."

"In case the actual situation on their side is not enough to encircle and kill more casual cultivators, if they take too many of them rashly, something may happen."

"I don't know why this person was sent to respond this time? It's really bad luck!"

"Since Fellow Daoist Songwen has said so, let's go out and have a look first, and confirm for ourselves." Mrs. Jinling stood up, and said with a smile: "Anyway, the Tainan Xiaohui is not over yet, and those prey will not be killed yet." Leave easily on your own."

"Okay!" Taoist Songwen waved away the small formation arranged in the room, and left this temporary place with Mrs. Jinling one after the other.



When he had just walked near the small attic Mrs. Jinling had mentioned.

Qin Hao was keenly aware that Taoist Songwen and Mrs. Jinling left one after another, watching their backs from afar, they were now walking towards the only entrance and exit of Tainan Valley.

"What do they want to do when they leave at this time?"

"Is it possible to prepare a trap outside?"

"No, I have to follow up quietly and take a look. At least I need to know what range they set up traps, so that I can escape in a detour and avoid going directly into the trap."

With a slight chill in his heart, Qin Hao also quietly followed.

and maintain a certain distance.

Soon, Taoist Songwen and Mrs. Jinling in front entered the mist formation one after another. This formation is not for the outside world, anyone who wants to go out can do so at any time.

After a while, Qin Hao also came to the entrance and exit of Tainan Valley.

"Something is wrong!"

"Why is there an inexplicable sense of crisis behind me?"

"Is someone also maliciously following me?"

Guess the possibility.

Qin Hao was slightly startled, keeping his expression on the surface, and also entered the inside of the mist formation.


		