

Hearing the response of this young man named Qin Hao.

Mo Juren's face remained unchanged, and he said coldly: "Since I can't read, then I will go to Shenshou Valley and learn medicinal herbs and medical skills with the two boys in the valley every morning."

"As for the afternoon, you will go to the temporary school inside the gate by yourself."

"Go with other boys to learn how to read and write, as well as some basic knowledge of martial arts, such as the location of acupuncture points on the whole body, the twelve regular meridians, and the eight extraordinary meridians."

"Join horses and grass figures with them, and practice some basic martial arts."

"After you go, say that the old man asked you to go. Don't worry about being turned away."

He coughed lightly again.

Mo Juren's face was expressionless, with a somewhat scorched face taut, he turned his head and glanced at Qin Hao beside him, and said coldly: "I can't read, so I can't work here for a long time."

"If the old man doesn't like it, he can expel you from Qixuanmen at any time."

"Please rest assured, Doctor Mo, I will definitely obey Doctor Mo's advice and do things seriously." Qin Hao responded immediately, showing great concern.

He made a nervous gesture that he was afraid that he would be expelled from Qixuanmen.

Seeing this, Mo Juren nodded slightly.

"From now on, you will be the same as those two boys in the valley, just call me old man Mo."

"The identity is the same as them, as the registered disciple of the old man."



The years passed away quietly.

Before I knew it, a month passed quickly.

During this month, Qin Hao not only learned the commonly used words and their meanings in this world. He also learned basic practice knowledge such as the Twelve Classics, the Eight Extraordinary Meridians, and various acupoints.

It can be regarded as having a basic knowledge and theoretical foundation.

As for the two brothers in name, Han Li and Zhang Tie, because the two of them entered the God's Hand Valley more than a month earlier than myself.

Therefore, when Qin Hao himself had just learned characters and basic knowledge.

Han Li and Zhang Tie had already started to practice the unknown formulas passed down by Doctor Mo, and they were ordered by Doctor Mo not to reveal any of them to the outside world.

Otherwise, he will be punished severely and expelled from the division.

Another day passed quickly.

In the early morning, Qin Hao had just woken up and put on his clothes when he saw Zhang Tie approaching him. He smiled innocently and said, "Qin Hao, Mr. Mo is looking for you."

"Let you go to his room to meet him now."

"Well, I got it." Qin Hao washed up quickly, thoughtful in his heart: "According to the time, it should be Mo Juren who is going to teach me the first level of cultivation method of "Changchun Gong"."

There was a slight joy in his heart, but he quickly calmed down again.

The footsteps were unhurried and came to the interior of the house not far away. As soon as he entered, he saw the white-haired Mo Juren sitting on a deck chair.

He is holding a book in his right hand, and he is carefully reading it.

Qin Hao glanced at the opportunity and saw the three big characters "Longevity Classic" written on the cover of the book.

Seeing that Mo Juren had no intention of speaking.

He just greeted, then stopped talking, stood where he was, and waited patiently.



I have been patiently waiting for about a stick of incense.

Qin Hao felt that his waist was slightly numb when he was standing. Mo Juren, who was lying on the recliner reading a book, had a reaction and turned to look at himself.

He closed the book in his right hand and looked at him coldly.

Then he spoke cold words with an indifferent face.

"Here, old man, I want to teach you a set of formulas for strengthening your body."

"After you finish cultivation, although you can't defeat the enemy, it's enough to make you healthy. If you want to learn Kung Fu, you can go to the teacher in the door to learn it by yourself, just like the two of them."

"The only requirement of this old man is that he must practice the formulas taught to you seriously every day."

"After half a year, the old man will check the progress of you guys."

"If you are not qualified, then you will continue to be your handyman and live a lifetime of exhaustion."

Hearing these words, Qin Hao quickly and timely showed a normal reaction that an eight-year-old should have, revealing a tense gesture of sincerity and fear.

He hurriedly promised to make a sound.

"Please rest assured, Mr. Mo, I will definitely be serious and never dare to neglect slack."

"En!" Seeing this, Mo Juren nodded immediately, very satisfied with the boy's reaction.

Then he waved Qin Hao to his side.

Whispered to him, secretly taught the content of the first layer of practice formulas of the mysterious exercises, and strictly ordered him not to allow the slightest bit to be leaked out.

Qin Hao took the order and agreed.

Then he was driven out of this room by Mo Juren with a wave of his hand.

When they came outside, they saw Zhang Tie and Han Li standing not far from the entrance of God's Hand Valley. When they saw him coming out, they waved to him.

"Come on, let's go eat together."

Han Li showed a simple and honest smile.

The three of them chatted and laughed, walked out of Kamishou Valley, and went to a nearby big kitchen to have breakfast.

After eating, Qin Hao noticed that Manager Zhou glanced at him not far away, hinting with his eyes that he wanted to have a private talk with him.

"You two go first, I'll go over there and relieve myself."

Seeing this, Qin Hao turned his head and said something to Han Li and Zhang Tie, then got up and walked to the other side of the deserted area.

The figure of Zhou Guanshi also disappeared from the previous position.



Inside a deserted mountain forest.

Zhou Guanshi and Qin Hao had a private meeting again, talking with each other carefully and in low voices.

"What's going on now? What chance is there?"

"That old guy surnamed Mo has a problem, and his martial arts may be stronger than the sect master." Qin Hao looked at the mist in the forest and said in a low voice: "Once, I accidentally discovered that the current sect master called him the old sect master. "

"What? There is such a thing?!" Zhou Guanshi was obviously shocked when he heard this.

Soon it became a little cloudy and uncertain again, and he was lost in thought.

"Could it be that the Qixuanmen is using fake death to hide their names and try to cheat my wild wolf gang?"

Soon, he regained his composure and expressed certain doubts about the news Qin Hao provided.

"With your ability, why didn't they discover it?"

"That night, I had already fallen asleep. At the beginning, I didn't know that someone had come to the Valley of God's Hands." Qin Hao turned his head and looked around, and said in a low voice, "Later, I was woken up by urination and woke up."

"As a result, I accidentally heard a familiar voice talking privately with a person surnamed Mo."

"I continued to pretend to be asleep, remained still, and recognized the voice of the door master."

Hearing Qin Hao's explanation, Zhou Guanshi's face became more serious.

There are certain thoughts and thoughts in my heart.

"Boss Zhou, if the gang wants to succeed, then this person must be killed." With a sly smile on Qin Hao's face, he reminded: "Whether he is the old sect leader or not, this person is a potential major hidden danger."


		