

The spiritual consciousness looks inside the lower dantian of the body.

Qin Hao could see that the unquenchable phoenix flame that had just been refined was now in the very center of his dantian.

It is like a big sun in the dark, shining brilliantly and miraculously.

Silence illuminates the entire dantian space.

It is also like an immortal star in the starry sky galaxy, which naturally rotates slowly, and on its surface, there is a layer of black and white flame halo.

It looks like the outermost corona of a star.

On the contrary, it was the wood attribute mana of "Eternal Spring Kungfu" that he had worked so hard to cultivate, which was squeezed out by the flames of the immortal phoenix, and was repelled to the very edge of his dantian.

Like an extremely thin nebula wall, almost non-existent.

Even, Qin Hao could feel that if it wasn't for the mana of the wood attribute, it was also from his own practice, and there were traces of his spirit inside.

As far as these mana are concerned, it is estimated that they have already been completely burned by the fire of the immortal Fengyan.

Nothing left.

"Huokemu, if you want to practice "Changchun Gong" in the future, it will be really difficult."

"Such a change is somewhat beyond my expectations."

Think carefully, look inside.

Qin Hao knew in his heart that if he wanted to display the power of Immortal Fengyan in the future without being affected by the suppression of its attributes, it would be the best choice to choose to practice fire-attributed exercises.

But it's a pity that he currently doesn't have any fire attribute cultivation skills.

There is only the wood attribute cultivating method "Changchun Gong" obtained from Mo Juren, and it is not comprehensive at all, only the content of the first four layers.

"I don't know if Master Jin Guang has a fire attribute cultivating technique in his hand?"

The Qin family in Qinling Mountains must have a fire-attribute cultivation technique for cultivating immortals. But as Venerable Jin Guang, the only surviving immortal cultivator of the Qin family, that's not necessarily the case.

When that guy was running for his life.

Apart from the flying sword talisman, the Token of Ascension to the Immortal of Huangfeng Valley, and the Vajra Talisman, who knows what else he was carrying along with him on the road.

After serious consideration, Qin Hao temporarily put this matter aside.

Instead, focus on yourself.

In addition to the changes in the dantian, he also noticed through internal inspection that there were many black and white mysterious lines in all his meridians and dantian itself.

It looks like natural exquisite patterns, all over the internal and external barriers of meridians and dantian.

Greatly enhanced the resistance and affinity of the fire attribute.

As for the change in appearance, Qin Hao immediately understood it with his spiritual sense, and his eyes flickered for a while.

Originally, his appearance could only be regarded as mediocre.

But now, after undergoing a transformation similar to being reborn from the ashes, he has become somewhat outstanding in all aspects, very conspicuous.

Compared with before, it can be said that they are two different people.

"I've changed so much now, if Mo Juren sees me, something will definitely happen."

"However, now, I am not afraid of him and Yu Zitong's taking home."

With a thought, the personal attribute interface unfolds by itself.

【Personal attribute interface】

Name: Qin Hao

Sex: Male

Species: Human

Spirit Roots: Water, Fire, Wood

Current age: eight

Maximum life expectancy: 127

Cultivation realm: one level of Qi training

Destiny weapon: none

Extraordinary blood: no

Extraordinary Talent: Immortal Fengyan

Extraordinary Physique: Fire Spirit Body

Spell Ability: None

Basic skills: Scouting (cooling time - one hour), collection (cooling time - three months)

"Caixia Mountain is really a mysterious treasure house!" Feeling the immortal phoenix flame in his body, Qin Hao felt confident and felt a sense of security.

Close your eyes again, and continue to silently practice the second layer of "Changchun Gong".

Soon, he noticed that under the influence of Huokemu's attributes, his practice progress became more and more slow and difficult.

Severely suppressed by Immortal Fengyan.

But Qin Hao didn't seem to be aware of it, and still devoted himself to his cultivation, how much he could improve.



in the next period of time.

Qin Hao stays out day and night, trying to minimize the meeting time with Mo Juren.

And Mo Juren didn't seem to care about him and Han Li at all since he taught him the formula for the second practice, as long as he didn't leave too far away at will, he didn't care at all.

Instead, they have been silently investigating the cause of the Caixia Mountain anomaly.

Recently, it rarely appears inside the Valley of Gods Hands.

Soon, more than ten days passed in a flash.

During this period of time, Qin Hao insisted on resisting Huo Kemu's attribute restraint, and barely entered the second level of "Changchun Gong".

In this way, it made him feel more and more that he was no longer suitable for practicing wood attribute exercises.

It is necessary to switch to the cultivation method of fire attribute.

"It's not going to work like this, we have to find a way to change the cultivation method."

Inside the secret room on the cliff, Qin Hao sat cross-legged on a futon, frowning secretly in thought.

But before he actually goes out, he needs to make preparations to save his life. Whether it is the means of mortal warriors or the means of immortal cultivators, there must be some.

"Recently, Mo Juren has been attracted by the vision of Caixia Mountain that I created before, and he is often not inside Shenshou Valley."

"I don't know if he took the "Changchun Gong" with him?"

After careful consideration, Qin Hao decided to make an official appearance.

It doesn't matter even if Mo Juren discovers his own changes.

Anyway, as long as he didn't achieve his goal, he would not kill him and Han Li who had spiritual roots no matter what, and would suffer at most.

After thinking about it in his heart, he stood up resolutely, opened the stone door of the secret room and walked out.

In the outside world at this time, the sun is shining brightly, and the spring is beautiful. The Gods Hand Valley, which is already a pleasant scenery, looks more and more vibrant.

Under the perception of divine consciousness, the whole world is completely new.

It was as if fine dust had been brushed away from the view.

The sounds of various insects in the distance, the veins of the leaves of medicinal plants, etc., are all clearly visible.

Qin Hao observed carefully, but he didn't see any figure, even when he came to the door of the room where Mo Juren often stayed, he still didn't see anyone.

"It seems that Han Li is still silently cultivating in seclusion. Zhang Tiewai went out to Chishui Waterfall, and Mo Juren has not returned yet."

"this is a good chance."

Without the slightest hesitation, he pushed open the door and walked in.

Start to search for the location of the mechanism on the wall with spiritual consciousness.

After a while, Qin Hao found the target, and his consciousness passed through the tiny gap, and he felt that there was something inside, and there was more than one thing.

With joy in my heart, I was about to reach out to open the mechanism.

Suddenly recalled an important thing.

"wrong!"

"With Mo Juren's deep thought of taking one step and counting three steps, even if you really leave something in the room, how can it be possible that there is no rear arrangement."

Cautiously, Qin Hao used the reconnaissance technique on the location of the organ.

almost at the same moment.

The new attribute information naturally appeared on his personal attribute interface.


		