

Accompanied by the trauma of the soul-separating secret method on the Yuanshen villain, he gradually recovered bit by bit. The horrible pain has also obviously subsided and weakened.

There is no such strong interference of a splitting headache.

Qin Hao's concentration was gradually able to concentrate, until at this moment, under the reflection of the hazy vision of the sun, he suddenly noticed it.

On the surface of his little soul, there are strands of gray-black mist entangled on it.

Just paying attention to these unknown gray-black mist, he instinctively felt an inexplicable throb of crisis, but it was not particularly strong.

But it can be clearly felt in this state.

"What is this?"

Subconsciously, he lost his mind for a while, and he was immediately forced to withdraw from the state of spiritual training.

The mysterious gray-black mist that I just noticed on my primordial spirit immediately disappeared out of thin air, and I couldn't feel it at all, as if it didn't exist at all.

"what?"

"You can't even notice it in a normal state?"

Such a situation immediately made Qin Hao a little interested.

After regaining his composure, after waiting for a while, he took the initiative to practice "Thoughts on the True Form of the Great Sun" again, and the hazy and blazing vision of the extraordinary Great Sun once again condensed outside the primordial spirit.

The soft radiance shone, reflecting many scenes that were not noticeable at ordinary times.

Wisps of gray-black mist linger on the surface of the Primordial Spirit, looking faintly ominous and gloomy.

He distractedly stared at it carefully, as if he had realized something in the dark.

"This is the remnant of the heart demon oath!"

"It seems that the reason why my inner demon oath is different from the inner demon oath of other immortal cultivators in memory is most likely due to the potential influence of the fairy root."

"After all, the fairy root itself has its own laws and mysteries, which are quite different from ordinary spiritual roots."

Before deceiving people with the oath of the heart demon, he left two self-protection backups.

The first one is to use the resonance effect of the law of the fairy root, try to make the false name have a certain effect, and have the effect of apportioning the damage of the oath of the heart demon.

It doesn't matter if you fail.

The main reason lies in the second point, which is the content of the heart demon oath.

There is no place to die, the premise is that he will be useful only after he dies.

And if he is alive, it is useless.

That's why he was obviously haunted by demons, but he didn't feel anything unusual, because he wasn't dead yet.

What happened after his death had anything to do with him when he was alive?

This is where Qin Hao dared to make the oath.

"It seems that even with this method, it is still difficult to succeed, and it will also be affected by the backlash of the oath of the demon."

"It's difficult to use the special nature of the fairy root to deceive people."

"It's similar to Qishangquan. Before you hit someone, you hurt yourself first."

That heart demon oath is just a side effect of deceiving people.

The main reason is that Qin Hao himself also wanted to know more about the effect between the oath of the heart demon and the fairy root, and what is the difference between it and the oath of the heart demon of ordinary spiritual roots.

So I just came by.

But at present, it seems that the experimental effect is not very good, and it will also trap itself.

Observe carefully for a while.

Qin Hao felt that these things should be regarded as incomplete inner demons, but they were still special in nature, completely different from the inner demons of ordinary cultivators.

My mind was wide open, and suddenly I thought about it.

"Can the Seven Hearts and Seven Demons in the "Seven Emotions Transforming Demons" succeed in this way?"

"After all, in this unique method of refining weapons, the inner demons that make immortal practitioners extremely fearful are just a rather strange auxiliary raw material for training tools."

"If it is possible, it may be possible to speed up the gathering of the seven hearts and seven demons, and complete the sacrifice of the original weapon."

The inner demons of immortal cultivators are one of the products of the laws of heaven.

If it is used as an auxiliary raw material for training equipment, the equipment that is conceived and cultivated in the end will have a special power of law innately, and the background is extremely shocking and terrifying.

The reason why the Xuantian Weapon is powerful and terrifying is because it contains the power of law.

"If the Yuanshen companion weapon is conceived and refined into shape in the future, if I want to reach the level of the Xuantian weapon, I still need to be strong enough to let the Yuanshen companion weapon transform, sublimate and grow along with it."

"However, the nascent Yuanshen companion weapon can be compared to the juvenile version of the Xuantian Weapon."

"After all, the deduction and creation of the "Seven Emotions Transformation Demon Sutra" itself is to simulate the Xuantian Immortal Vine to breed the Xuantian Weapon."

"However, compared to the Xuantian weapon whose power is completely finalized, the soul companion weapon refined by this method has the evolution potential of life and can continue to grow and become stronger."

Carefully recall and think about the memories related to the Xuantian Weapon and the "Seven Emotions Transformation Demon Sutra".

Qin Hao maintained the state of practicing "The Thoughts of the Great Sun's Real Shape", and was distracted by the secret method of refining primitive weapons, and began to try to absorb the gray-black mist wrapped around his primordial spirit.

"Chi Chi Chi...!"

Wisps of gray-black heart demon mist are floating and circulating like clouds and smoke.

It was really easy to be stripped out by such a refining secret method, and turned into a group of changing auxiliary raw materials for refining. Seeing this scene, Qin Hao didn't hesitate at all, and began to take the opportunity to practice sacrifices.

Part of the dead dog, one of the seven souls, that was actively cut out became the main material for refining the weapon.

He used his mind as a flame to burn the first zombie dog, and urged it to absorb the gray-black mist of inner demons with the matching secret method, so that the two were fully mixed.

Repeatedly tempering, and using this to stimulate the special power of lust in the corpse dog.

Use emotions and desires to reconcile the inner demons, supplemented by the secret method of refining equipment, so that this group of corpses can be more marinated and tempered evenly.



Unconsciously.

Hours of time flew by quickly.

Qin Hao had to temporarily stop tempering the original weapon, not because he couldn't keep going, nor because the original weapon had been tempered.

Rather, the heart demon, one of the auxiliary raw materials for the refiner, has been consumed.

"It seems that it's time to take the oath against the demons and squeeze the wool of the demons hard." Qin Hao sighed secretly, and then showed a serious expression.

Resolutely made a new oath of demons again.

"I, Qin Hao, hereby swear an oath to demons. If I take the initiative to cultivate in the next month, my demons will surely grow and flow continuously."

When he had just finished speaking.

This time, Qin Hao felt it very carefully, and immediately noticed a faint and special faint fluctuation emanating from himself.

And then there are some mysterious and inexplicable changes.

"As expected, the inner demon oath issued by the immortal spiritual root cultivator is indeed different from the inner demon oath of other spiritual root immortal cultivators."

"Even the manifesting types of demons are different."

After experimenting again himself, Qin Hao immediately confirmed this situation.

Without hesitation, he began to practice the "Thinking of the Great Sun's True Form" again, and took the initiative to break the oath of the demon.


		