

Shen Yu's tone was calm, but there was some unconcealable irritability in it.

Those who know Shen Yu well will find this strange or even shocking.

When Yan Nantian heard this, his face gradually became gloomy.

One of the most important reasons why it took so much effort to put up such a formation before the competition was to shake the mountain and shake the tiger.

In his eyes, an ordinary casual cultivator who can't figure out where he came from, even if his cultivation base is higher, but after all, he is single and weak. What he fears most is this kind of powerful sect with deep foundation.

It's a pity that his showing off and intimidation seemed to turn into winking at the blind man, and the other party didn't show any expression, as if none of these things happened.

This kind of doubt appeared in the hearts of many people in the field, and then they all showed their puzzlement.

The assassination of the three members of the Qingxu Sect by the old servant of the Yang family was already a certainty. Even Yang Yuanhao was in danger now, so what's the point of this competition?


A stream of air swept up, creating gusts of wind.

Yan Yunyu jumped onto the hundreds of feet high platform out of thin air, looked at the other party and said mockingly: "I'm here, you really think I'm afraid of you."

Words are very disdainful.

It's just that no one responded, so the atmosphere gradually became awkward.

Yan Yunyu's face became more and more ugly.

Because the other party didn't look at him, or completely ignored him.

Hundreds of young disciples of the Qingxu Sect appeared on the round platform before, but now they all quietly retreated to the corner.

Shen Yu was looking down at their clothes.

These costumes are different from those of Yan Yunyu and other core disciples, but he has seen them before.

Shen Yu also finally knew what the subtle familiarity was at the beginning.

Then he frowned, a feeling of irritability fermented slightly in his heart.

"Who are you, Taoist Zhishan, Yunyang Temple, southwest of the Tang Dynasty?"

Shen Yu asked.

Yan Yunyu sneered, "None of your business."


The aura in the sky began to go berserk.

Then there were several bursts of sharp sword energy.

Shen Yu didn't speak, and what responded to the other party was a bloody wooden sword.

With spiritual energy, the wooden sword burst towards the opponent's head.

In the previous competitions, Shen Yu did not sacrifice Jing Qingjian, because Shen Yu was really restless.

Shen Yuyu's wooden sword has no momentum, and it feels like there is only one word.

quick!

There was a rapid and ear-piercing friction sound, so fast that the air seemed to be torn apart.

Yan Yunyu broke out in cold sweat, her footsteps stomped slightly, and she soared into the sky.

The wooden sword fell into the air and smashed into the ground, countless stone chips blasted all around.

Shen Yu's right index finger moved slightly.

Jing Qingjian soared into the sky again, galloping towards the opponent's figure in the air.

Immediately afterwards, in the sea of ​​clouds in the southeast, northwest and four directions, there were bursts of explosions like air bursting, sometimes low and sometimes high.

Broken clouds are like three-year-old spring rain falling on the world, falling in pieces.

Countless people stretched their necks and looked up, and the practitioners with a certain level even floated into the air to be level with the high platform with the help of secret techniques.

As time passed, the sound of collisions in the air became smaller and smaller, and more of it was the wooden sword moving unscrupulously through the sea of ​​clouds.

"come down,"

Finally, a flat voice sounded.

Seeming to be a little impatient, Shen Yu immediately extended a hand to the depths of the sky, and then gently held it.

A radiant and astonishing sword light erupted from the riddled sea of ​​clouds, and the light overflowed, covering the entire sky.

As the dazzling sword glow erupted, a figure was knocked down from the sky and hit the ground heavily.

Dust scattered.

Yan Yunyu knelt down on one knee, blood oozing from his chest, cheeks, and both feet.

But before he could feel the bitter cry from the sword wound, a shadow covered his eyes.

Shen Yu stretched out a hand to hold his neck, obviously not very strong, but lifted him directly into the air steadily.

Shen Yu said, "Answer my question."

Yan Yunyu sensed the murderous intent in the opponent's eyes, and for some reason she didn't dare to move an inch, and said in a trembling voice, "The Taoist Zhishan's real name is Yan Yunxia, ​​and he is my uncle."

Shen Yu groaned and let go of her palm.

next moment.

Crisp applause sounded.

Shen Yu stretched out his right palm, and then slapped Yan Yunyu on the face, Soul Ring Palace.

Snapped!

Snapped!

Snapped!

It seems that Shen Yu has a good grasp of strength, or the other party has not recovered yet.

Yan Yunyu's body kept leaning back, but her footsteps didn't wobble, she just stood there blankly, so every time Shen Yu made a move, she could hit the opponent firmly in the face.

When some people saw this scene, they were shocked and felt familiar.

Earlier, Yan Yunyu slapped Yang Pan'er hard on the round platform.

Does this mean that it will be returned?

Seeing this scene, Yang Pan'er blinked her eyes, sniffed pitifully, and couldn't cry anymore.

The sound of slapping the face was transmitted to everyone's ears on the round platform, and it didn't seem to stop yet.

Extremely humiliating.

"enough!"

Yan Nantian couldn't bear to watch it any longer, so he spoke to stop it.

"I... I admit defeat."

Yan Yunyu also spoke accordingly.

Shen Yu glanced at him and said, "Marriage contract."

Yan Yunyu lowered her eyes, bit them tightly, and said softly: "Back."

Shen Yu let go of her hand, turned and left.

The young man, whose face was so red and swollen that it was almost impossible to see his face, half-kneeled on the ground, his hands were slightly knotted on his chest, and there was an indescribable hatred in his eyes.

After three breaths, powerful waves of spiritual power erupted from his whole body.

"If you want Lao Tzu to withdraw from the engagement, go to hell to withdraw."

Shen Yu's endless roar sounded.

In the sky, the Yunxia Mirror that originally suppressed Zhao Ji shone brightly, like the second round of red sun in the sky.

Countless auras began to sweep across the mirror.

Then a pure light appeared in the eyes of everyone.

Countless people exclaimed.

Because that light is too strong.

It seems like an incomparable beam of light, carrying a holy and destructive aura that purifies all things, starting from the sky.

There was no momentum or sound, but it seemed to ignore all distances and obstacles, and it enveloped Shen Yu's whole body in an instant.

The surrounding air began to heat up, the aura boiled, and the hard bricks and stones on the ground began to be reduced to ashes.

Yan Nantian closed his eyes slightly, the corners of his mouth turned up slightly, and he continued to sneer.

Yan Yunyu's complexion was as pale as paper. Sweat drenched the whole body in an instant,

As the son of the head of the Qingxu Sect, and more importantly, the disciple valued by the elder Li Moran of Duanren Mountain, there are naturally many magic weapons.

This kind of extremely lethal and powerful spell has already surpassed the limit of his own cultivation.

Logically speaking, there are not many people in the world who can escape this blow unharmed.

But the final result was somewhat different from what he had imagined.

The blue bricks on the ground stopped melting, and the temperature in the air cooled down rapidly. Finally, the figure in the blue shirt completely enveloped by the white light appeared again.

Yan Yunyu's eyes became unbelievable.

Because the other party is also holding a mirror in his hand.


The Yunxia mirror in Broken Blade Mountain is quite famous in the world of cultivating immortals.

Because it contains the power of time rules, even if there is only a trace, it is a rare thing for a few people.

But when he was in Pingyao Town, Li Fugui also stole a mirror.

It was an imitation of the Kunlun Supreme Treasure Mirror Demon Mirror, which was regarded as a treasure by Gui Yunxianzong.

Shen Yu kept it in his arms from the beginning to the end, until he finally took it out at this moment.

Broken Blade Mountain is not as good as Guiyun Xianzong, and the treasures of the two families seem to be the same.

The terrifying light beam was absorbed by the mirror emitting a faint fairy light, like a stone falling into the sea, not even a trace of spray was revealed.

Shen Yu said: "Give it back to you."

The light beam was ejected from the mirror in Shen Yu's hand, which was comparable to the reflection of a blow from a monk in the upper three realms.

The only interesting thing is that this time the target is not Yan Yunyu.

The terrifying beam of light was directed towards nearly a hundred young disciples of the Qingxu Sect below the round platform, and it arrived in an instant, and the bright light reflected countless young faces who were caught off guard.

The wind howled.

Yan Nantian came in front of hundreds of disciples.

These hundred young disciples are the future hope and mainstay of the Qingxu Sect, no matter what, there can be no mistakes.

Shen Yu said lightly: "He will die."

Yan Nantian, who was full of spiritual power, was taken aback for a moment, then his pupils constricted, and he turned around abruptly.

I saw a wooden sword with fierce sword energy, shooting towards Yan Yunyu's eyebrows who had no power to resist anymore.

It is already the moment of life and death.

If it is placed in normal time, there will be many ways to solve this problem.

It's just that all this happened too fast, except for Yan Nantian, who was only one step away from the upper three realms, no one came back to his senses.

The powerful sword energy is breathtaking.

Yan Nantian's figure disappeared in place, and then appeared on a high platform hundreds of meters above.

Without the slightest hesitation.

His hands abruptly blocked the galloping flying sword. , Then there was a violent wave in the air.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to this and just looked down silently.

boom!

The light fell to the ground, and the entire round platform began to shake violently, accompanied by the wailing and screaming of countless people.

The originally magnificent round platform turned into ruins in an instant.

Countless young disciples wearing the costumes of the Qingxu sect fell under the gravel, and the breath of blood filled the sky.

"Little bastard, you are courting death!"

Yan Nantian looked at this scene, his eyes were red, and the whole purple robe began to float violently.

Shen Yu clearly saw the blue veins on the opponent's face, and also felt the surging killing intent, and even saw the next breath, the opponent's two fingers were less than ten feet away from her.

The golden light of the two fingers was dazzling, carrying an incomparable chilling meaning.

It is difficult for the current Shen Yu to receive a blow from a powerful practitioner who is only a thin line away from the upper three realms with the intention of killing him.

But he still didn't care, and didn't even have the intention of avoiding it.

He had used the Jing Qing sword to kill Yan Yunyu earlier, and he was still trapped in place by the opponent until now.

Shen Yu originally had two swords.

But the other one was given to the woman who went to Kunlun to practice.

Shen Yu said lightly: "Now!"

It was calm and there was no movement at all.

It's just that Yan Nantian seemed to have noticed something, and turned his head in horror in mid-air, but there was no time to turn back.

I saw a transparent long sword appearing in front of Yan Yunyu out of thin air, the blade was crystal clear.

Pooh!

The next moment, Yan Yunyu covered her throat, and blood flowed out of it continuously, her eyes were full of confusion.

He took a few steps forward, then fell heavily to the ground, unable to utter a word until his mouth was dead.

Yang Paner's round eyes widened.

There was a dead silence in the air.

Countless eyes full of surprise looked at Shen Yu one after another.

No one believed that he dared to kill Yan Yunyu. Didn't he know the consequences of doing so?

"No one can stop the person I want to kill."

Shen Yu looked at the sluggish Yan Nantian, and said lightly, "No one."

The cold wind was blowing from the sea of ​​clouds, and countless people looked at Shen Yu in the blue shirt at the top of the high platform, feeling slightly chilly all over.


		