

The setting sun is picturesque, the forest of thousands of willows.

Shen Yu sat silently on the carriage in front of the gate, the sugar figurine in her hand had already melted.

He didn't rush back to the house, as if he was waiting for something.

The scale-like clouds in the distant sky gradually dissipated, and the old servant with a slim figure appeared in front of the house.

The old servant approached and said with a smile: "Why doesn't Mr. Shen enter the mansion?"

Shen Yu leaned against the fence of the carriage, and said lightly: "I have some questions for you."

The old servant wrapped his arms around his sleeves and silently wrote the following.

Shen Yu said, "My name is Shen Yu."

Uncle Zhao smiled and said, "Of course I know that."

"You don't know."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "My name is Shen Yu, Daoist Shen Yu, and Yang Liu is my junior sister now."

The old servant who had been lowering his head slightly when he heard the word Dao Zong shrank his pupils and stagnated, then forced a smile and said, "It turned out to be Missy's senior brother, and that's a distinguished guest of my Yang family."

Shen Yu looked into the distance and said casually: "In ancient times, it was rumored that since the chaos of the world, there were three races of people, monsters and monsters living in this continent."

The old servant was silent, and asked with a puzzled expression, "What exactly does Mr. Shen mean?"

Shen Yu turned to look at him, and said lightly: "I just want to ask, what kind of monster are you?"

As soon as the words fell, the surrounding temperature seemed to drop a lot in an instant, and the cold wind was bleak.

The old servant kept his head down all the time, and finally raised it after a while.

"Is Mr. Shen a little tired, and you just say something that people can't understand?"

The voice that no longer seemed hoarse and elderly kept ringing in Shen Yu's ears.

The front of the Yang family mansion was full of light.

I saw the old servant staring straight at Shen Yu, his pupils emitting a strange orange-red brilliance.

Shen Yu remained motionless, as if caught in a daze.

"Go to sleep for a while, everything is a dream, and you will forget everything when you wake up."

Immediately afterwards, a foxy voice sounded softly in Shen Yu's ears, like a deep pool of streams, faintly lingering in her ears.

The two just looked at each other silently, which seemed like a frozen picture to outsiders.

It's just a pity that the short extreme state was broken by an understatement in an instant.

"This kind of low-level charm, dare to disturb my heart?"

Shen Yu shook her head and asked.

The old servant's eyes widened, his face full of horror.

It's just that before he was given time to react, his whole body was torn from behind in an instant, and then hit the wall.

The old servant bowed his head silently, and the bright red blood flowed from his right shoulder.

It turned out that the other party drew the sword.

A blood-red wooden sword passed through his right shoulder, and then firmly nailed his entire body to the screen wall in front of the gate.

The old servant showed pain, but there was more shock in it.

He didn't notice the opponent's attack at all, but he was sure that Shen Yu's aura and state were not very strong.

If it was a normal fight, he didn't say that he would definitely win, but he would never lose so quickly.

It's so fast that people can't imagine, it's too abnormal.

Shen Yu's lips moved slightly, and the sword energy overflowed.

The old servant wailed bitterly, and then his whole body glowed, and his shape began to change. His original body became slender, his white hair turned black, flowing down like a waterfall, and his skin became whiter and more lustrous.

In the end, a seductive woman with a light spring color appeared in front of Shen Yu.

What's more interesting is that there are three tails behind her.

Shen Yu said lightly: "It turned out to be a vixen."

"My fox clan's art of transformation is perfect, how do you see it?" The seductive woman said with a full face.

"breath."

Shen Yu said: "Although the aura you released in the Sifang Pavilion of the Nangong family was concealed before, there are still flaws, not to mention... I have always been more sensitive to the perception of evil spirits than ordinary people."

The seductive woman who had been present as an old servant showed a wry smile and looked up at the sky with a look of despair.

Daozong disciples have always hated the monster race the most. Many spells of Daozong were created for the monster race, causing great harm.

She felt that she had completely lost her life.

"I didn't mean to harm them." The vixen whispered with the last glimmer of hope.

"I know, otherwise you would have died just now."

Shen Yu said: "But I want to know the reason."

She said calmly, "Is it necessary?"

Shen Yu nodded and said, "Of course."

The purpose of this trip is to ensure the safety of the Yang family. Whether it is outside or inside the house, it is the same thing in Shen Yu's eyes.

The seductive woman's face was pale, and she said lightly: "Yang Yuanhao saved my life when he was young, and I will repay the favor."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

The woman smiled miserably, and said: "The monster is so unbearable in your eyes, I knew you people would not believe it, so why bother talking."

Shen Yu put down his right hand.

The wooden sword disappeared, and the sword energy staying in the fox demon's body also dissipated.

The seductive woman with beautiful peach eyes covered her right shoulder and asked in confusion, "What do you mean?"

Shen Yu seemed to be thinking of something, and asked silently: "Do you think people and monsters can really fall in love?"

A highly cultivated fox demon has been with the Yang family for more than 20 years, and even abandoned his most proud appearance. Shen Yu naturally knows what this means.

But these words seemed to have hit the other party's Achilles' heel, and a turbulent evil spirit permeated the air.

The seductive woman's eyes were cold, and she said word by word: "I warn you, you are not allowed to tell anyone about this, otherwise even if you are from the Taoist sect, I will kill you with all my cultivation."

Shen Yu was noncommittal about this threat, but asked in puzzlement, "What are you afraid of?"

"afraid?"

The fox demon sneered and said, "Isn't it because you are so despicable, shameless and selfish? Ten years ago, how did the 100,000 people in Fengdu City treat my demon women so cruelly? In the end, they all died on their own account and were destroyed alive. A peerless strong man, but in the end he blamed me, a fox woman, for bringing disaster to the country and the people, you are not all responsible for these shameless things."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Because fifty years ago, something happened.

He heard about this when he was in Daozong.

In other words, the whole world knew about this tragedy.

One hundred thousand people and practitioners in Fengdu City, Zhongzhou, all died overnight, and no one survived.

Countless resentful spirits wandered in the city, and the originally bustling city instantly became a dead city.

And the cultivator who caused this major murder was a Taoist cultivator, a Taoist cultivator whose Taoism is as good as the heavens.

Many people guessed that the nameless person actually came from Daozong, but there was no evidence, and Daozong did not admit it.

As long as Daozong didn't admit it, no one would dare to accuse him face to face.

The seductive woman said: "Do you know why that man did this?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Fifty years ago, the people in the city captured a witch who was pregnant with Liujia, humiliated her in every way, took off her clothes, and then dug up her belly to take her son. In the end, both mother and daughter were hung on the city wall for three days. Three nights."

For some reason, the fox demon had tears in his eyes, and said, "Shouldn't you kill him?"

Shen Yu closed her eyes slightly, speechless.


		