

The inn is built next to the river, famous for the river.

The name is also a bit appropriate for the occasion, the small bridge and flowing water, the deep ancient courtyard, from time to time, many merchants who come and go here settle here.

early morning.

Shen Yu let out a deep breath of relief beside the patio in the courtyard, and her face was not as pale as before.

Now that he has stepped into the third golden core realm of cultivation, the recovery ability of spiritual power is also several times stronger than before. In just one night, some injured meridians in the body have been repaired, and the spiritual energy has also recovered by 70% to 80%.

Yu Wenwen was slowly coming down the stairs.

Shen Yu said: "Isn't the matter in the Nanman Demon Realm urgent?"

"No rush, there is another matter that is more urgent."

Yu Wenwen said something lightly, and then the two walked out of the courtyard and sat down at a table on the first floor of the inn.

Along the way, Yu Wenwen's appearance attracted the attention of many people. Fortunately, it was still early and there were not many people in the lobby.

Yu Wenwen poured a cup of tea and said, "You were born in Nanhe City, and you must be familiar with this inn. Do you know who the owner of this inn is?"

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said: "There is only one proprietress in the inn, named Liu Yiyi, and I met her once when I was a child."

"The origin of this person is very mysterious. We have investigated her for a long time and did not know her background. The Palace of the Qing Law suspects that the death of Yang Kaitai, the elder of the Zuowang Peak Chuangong, is related to her. It is very likely that both of them are from the land of Qianchuan. "

Yu Wenwen said lightly: "This is the second thing I did when I came to Nanhe City. If it is true, the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty asked me to kill her directly."

The land of Qianchuan is the most disgusting place in the Linghuang Continent. There are murderous monsters and evil people here, and they like to assassinate some young disciples in the Holy Land.

Shen Yu did not expect that Yang Kaitai, who was assassinated by Fen Baoya, came from the land of Qianchuan. As for the fact that he died in his hands, there is no need to say.

Shen Yu looked around and said, "Is it appropriate to talk about such a secret thing here?"

Yu Wenwen shook her head and said, "Since I'm here, they can't escape."

It doesn't matter whether you can escape or not, what matters is whether this is too ostentatious.

Shen Yu really wanted to remind her, but thinking of the character of this female sword fairy, she had to keep her mouth shut.

"Dude."

Shen Yu suddenly shouted.

At the tent in the lobby, a young man with a towel on his left shoulder and a blocked expression turned his head when he heard the greeting, his eyes lit up when he saw Yu Wenwen, he trotted over, and said flatteringly, "Guest officer, what are your orders?"

Shen Yu said: "I'm looking for your lady boss."

The guy was also very clever, he said awkwardly: "Guest officer, the proprietress never sees customers."

Shen Yu took out an ingot of silver from her bosom and threw it over.

The clerk took the silver ingot, glanced up and down, and after confirming that it was really Dali Chaoguan silver, he smiled and said: "I will take you to the proprietress' room, but I don't know if she sees or not."

Shen Yu stood up and said, "Lead the way."

The buddy trotted forward all the way, bent over and feinted, with a flattering expression on his face.

When I came to the backyard of the inn, it was different from the bustle of the front yard. There was actually an open pool here, with willows planted on both sides.

The guy led the way more than ten feet in front of the two, and Shen Yu and Yu Wenwen walked side by side on the rain corridor.

Yu Wenwen said in a low voice: "Are we going to find her directly like this?"

Shen Yu said: "When you see her, you will know the answer naturally, it doesn't need to be too complicated."

Yu Wenwen frowned and said, "You seem to already know the answer?"

"This person's realm ten years ago was about the Jindan realm, and his talent was mediocre. Now, he has just stepped into the Cave Realm realm. She can't beat you."

Shen Yu said: "If the information investigated by the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty is correct, that person is likely to be from the land of Qianchuan."

Yu Wenwen was stunned.

Before coming to Nanhe City, the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty had already recorded Liu Yiyi's information, realm, and some things she had done in these years in detail. It was unexpected that Shen Yu's speculation and the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty's investigation over the past ten years The information didn't make any difference.

Yu Wenwen said in shock, "How do you know this?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Shen Yuanzhi is a big family in Nanhe City after all. I was born there and came here when I was a child. I naturally found out that she is a practitioner."

Yu Wenwen looked at Shen Yu, she deliberately didn't talk about the Shen family's affairs at the beginning, but she didn't expect the man in front of her to be so calm, without the slightest emotion on his face.

Yu Wenwen thought for a while, and asked puzzledly: "How old were you then? Can you tell that she is hiding her cultivation?"

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then said, "Maybe I have some special talents."

After more than a thousand steps, the guy stopped.

Shen Yu looked up, and at the end of the rain corridor directly in front, there was a woman who was feeding the fish in the pond.

The woman is tall, plump and mature, with a light-colored robe hanging casually on her body, revealing her fair arms and legs, her lips are bright red, and her every frown and smile are charming.

The guy looked at the woman in front of him and couldn't take his eyes away.

"Two, why are you looking for your sister so early in the morning?"

Liu Yiyi's voice is charming and charming.

Yu Wenwen said: "There's no need to ask, it really is someone from that place."

Shen Yu looked at Liangting and said, "Then kill it?"

Yu Wenwen glanced at him and said, "You seem reluctant?"

Shen Yu said: "That's not true, but I just want to ask a question."

"Okay, you ask,"

Yu Wenwen's expression was stern, and she was speechless.

Liu Yiyi has been the proprietress of this inn for more than ten years. She has never been insulted like this before, but for some reason she calmed down at this time.

The guy on the side seemed to understand the conversation between the two, and his face was full of shock.

Shen Yu stepped into the gazebo and said, "Is the land of Qianchuan known as the four poles in the south, east, north, and west?"

Liu Yiyi looked at him suspiciously, and said innocently: "What are you talking about? Why can't I understand."

Shen Yu pondered for a moment, and then said regretfully: "It seems that you are just a small character in the land of Qianchuan, and that's right, your realm is too low, but I think too much."

Shen Yu had also heard of this dark force known as Linghuang in Daozong, and was a little curious. Three thousand years ago, there was a similar place in the era of the previous life, but the name was different, but the style of acting was the same ethereal and weird.

Even Shen Yu suspects that the owner of one of the three fairy artifacts that intends to ascend his own way is likely to come from that mysterious dark force.

So today I followed Yu Wenwen to meet the spies from the land of thousands of rivers, thinking that she might be able to get a clue from her mouth, but now that the other party is just an abandoned little guy, naturally I lost interest.

Shen Yu took a few steps back and said, "I'm done asking."

He is not a troublesome person, and Yu Wenwen beside him is not.

So, as soon as his words fell, he saw a cold sword light flashing away. .

The next moment, the gazebo at the end of the rain corridor collapsed, and countless bricks, tiles and dust fell into the lake water, splashing waves of water.

From the time she met Liu Yiyi until now, Yu Wenwen didn't ask her a word.

Looking at this sudden scene, the inn clerk was so frightened that he fell to the ground, his face was horrified, and he wept endlessly.

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent, and he casually looked at the sand gull in the distance.

Liu Yiyi flashed out at the last moment when the gazebo collapsed, and landed at the end of the rain corridor, looking at the woman with the sword in horror.

If she was slower, she might turn into smoke and dust along with the gazebo.

She has been pampered all the year round, and has not received such contempt for many years. Suddenly, a surge of anger surged into her heart, and Liu Yiyi said gloomyly: "Who the hell are you? How dare you act presumptuously here with me."

Another flash of sword light.

The rain corridor under Liu Yiyi's feet broke a huge gap in an instant, and then slowly poured into the lake.

Immediately afterwards, several rays of light chased towards her, forcing Liu Yiyi to dodge and move uncontrollably, the fight between the two destroyed a good rain corridor and water pavilion into a mess.

Shen Yu's gaze shifted from Sha Ou to this beautiful female sword fairy, and felt that Yu Wenwen's kendo was really following the path of domineering swords, and she did not hesitate to draw the sword with unparalleled domineering spirit.

The only thing that is missing is that the strength is still slightly insufficient.

Liu Yiyi dodged quite awkwardly at this time, not only was her state much different from that of the sword-wielding woman, but her fighting skills were also far behind. She knew she was no match, and the next moment she quickly ran towards the distance.

Yu Wenwen stood with her sword in her hand and did not pursue it.

Shen Yu said: "Let her go? People in the land of Qianchuan will not fall for any tricks to lure snakes out of their holes."

Now Liu Yiyi's identity has been found out by Daozong Qinglu Palace, a spy hidden in a small border town is of little value to Qianchuan Land, and it is very likely that there will be no help.

"I know."

Yu Wenwen said calmly, "She can't leave."

Afterwards, a light blue ancient sword slowly appeared in front of her, the blade of the sword was slightly selected, creating a gust of air.

An inch-tall girl stood on the sword, with a strange spirit. She looked at Shen Yu and seemed to remember what happened back then, with her mouth curled up like "I'm still angry".

Shen Yu looked at this scene and said in surprise: "I didn't expect that in less than two years, you have achieved the unity of body and sword in the sword control technique?"

"It's still a little short, but this distance is enough."

Yu Wenwen pinched the sword formula with her hands, and the blue hair on her pretty face moved without any wind.

The ancient sword trembled slightly, and the little girl stood on the tip of the sword, imitating Yu Wenwen's hand gestures, with a serious expression, and a powerful wave of spiritual power emanated from her whole body.

The wind of swords is everywhere.

Yu Wenwen pointed her sword forward, and then the ancient sword disappeared in place like an arrow off the string in an instant.

After three breaths.

The ancient sword flew back from the sky, and the sword was covered with scarlet blood.

The inn clerk, who fell to the ground and couldn't stop crying in horror, asked in a trembling voice, "The proprietress...she...is dead?"

Yu Wenwen nodded.

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "Not yet."

Yu Wenwen looked at him and said in surprise, "He should be dead."

Shen Yu said lightly: "I'm talking about another one."

Yu Wenwen frowned, then came to a realization.

The panicked inn clerk suddenly constricted his pupils, his momentum suddenly changed, and he was about to soar into the sky the next moment.

Pooh.

Before he could exert his strength, he was pierced through the heart by a wooden sword, and then firmly nailed to the pillar of the rain corridor.

He stared blankly at the blue-clothed figure in the distance, unable to understand how he could be seen to the end of his life.

Shen Yu's eyes were as calm as ever, as if he had done a very simple thing.

Yu Wenwen said, "How did you find out?"

"I didn't see anything wrong with him, but I saw him more than ten years ago. I didn't expect that after more than ten years, his appearance has not changed at all. It's a bit fake."

Yu Wenwen asked dumbly: "Ten years ago, how old were you?"

Shen Yu thought for a while and said, "Seven years old."


		