

Ghosts are transformed from the resentment and filth of heaven and earth, and they are very powerful.

But even if it is powerful, it is impossible to show off its might unscrupulously in front of the Yaochi Holy Land.

In other words, the ghost's behavior on Wuwanghai was secretly acquiesced by Yao Chi.

Yaochi needs ghosts to guard the outer sea. In a sense, it can also be the first important pass for outsiders to enter Yaochi.

This matter is not difficult to think about, and many people will understand it after thinking about it.

That's why when he was on the boat, Shen Yu said that there would always be a few fools with an inexplicable sense of justice.

If he wanted to really attack the ghosts, he might attract the dissatisfaction of the people in Yaochi.

In fact, most of the famous alien beasts in the entire Linghuang continent have been recognized by some sects and even holy places nearby.

"You man! Why are you moaning!"

Xi Jiu didn't wait for Shen Yu's response, she stomped her feet, her figure flickered, and she chased after him in the distance again in a hurry.

Shen Yu was still a little dazed looking at the ripples caused by the opponent when he fell into the sea.

Three thousand years ago, when the mainland was not yet divided into five continents, the southeast pole was where Jiaolong was located.

Shen Yu has traveled so far and met Wuming Island on his way, and found that the people on the island can live in harmony with the Jiaolong clan, and what they have learned is mottled and chaotic.

At that time, he watched silently from the sea of ​​clouds in the distance, and the embryonic form of a powerful sect had faintly appeared in just a small island.

Sure enough, that small island back then has become one of the nine holy places in the world today.

It's just that the people of Liubo Mountain have always paid attention to the contention of a hundred schools of thought, and what they learn on weekdays is miscellaneous and refined, and their minds are naturally deep and suspicious.

And this kid just now seems to be frank... a bit too much?

There was a wave on the sea, and there was a crashing sound.

The two children woke up, and then saw the back of the green shirt and the corpse of the monster beside them.

The girl's heart was more intelligent, and she stood up the next moment and said, "Thank you for saving my life, Immortal."

The boy stood up ignorantly, imitating the example.

Shen Yu looked at the sky, this place was far away from sea ships and routes, and was located in the sky of the sea.

Shen Yu had a headache, and said in a negotiating tone: "You wait here, and I will call for someone."

The girl glanced around, it was dark and empty, and it was extremely cold, so she looked at Shen Yu with softer eyes, as if she could soften water.

Shen Yu is a little embarrassed, he doesn't like to lead people, especially when Yu Jian.

At this moment, the sea water in the distance exploded again, and Xi Jiu in a purple gown flew over again.

There was something incomprehensible in his eyes, and he asked angrily: "It's strange, he disappeared all of a sudden, do you know where he flew to just now?"

"It should have escaped."

Shen Yu simply replied, looking at the other party's innocent look, thought for a while, and then said: "These two children were caught here from the boat, can you help send them back?"

Xi Jiu was taken aback, turned his gaze away, and then praised: "What a pair of water and fire spirit bodies, unfortunately, the fire spirit body is not suitable for my Liuboshan, but this male doll is very good, but... I want more. ...to hunt down ghosts."

Shen Yu was silent for a while, and then said: "Send them back, maybe you can add another good disciple to Liubo Mountain, which is also a great achievement?"

Xi Jiu was stunned for a moment, then suddenly gave a thumbs up and exclaimed, "That makes sense!"

Xi Jiu carried the girl on his back, picked up the boy, then paused in mid-air, turned around and smiled brightly and said, "By the way, my name is Xi Jiu, you don't need to thank me."

The purple light rushed to the sky and disappeared into the sky.

"He is such a good boy with a sense of justice and responsibility."

Shen Yu looked at the sky and sighed, "A white lotus in Liubo Mountain."


Not long after Xi Jiu left, Shen Yu also left here with Yu Jian.

The old man of Qianchuan Land disguised as a ghost may be hiding in a corner.

Above the sea of ​​innocence, Shen Yu hid her breath and galloped away. After several hours, the aura in front surged, and a vast light appeared faintly.

It was like a great sun appeared in the endless night.

The first heaven of the nine heavens, at the end of the extreme south, is the former dojo of the Queen Mother of the West, named Yaochi Dongtian.

This is where the holy land of Yaochi lies.

The mountains began to appear in Shen Yu's eyes, birds and beasts, cranes and phoenixes, castles in the air, spiritual flowers and herbs, and the fragrance of spiritual medicines all over the sky, all came out.

Looking around, the fairyland on earth is nothing more than this.

The Pantao Grand Festival started, and a continuous stream of people came here, so the mountain gate in the distance seemed a little lively.

It's just that Shen Yu didn't choose this place.

He landed in a path between flowers, and then walked towards the depths without disturbing anyone.

On the way, I met a few young women dressed in exquisite tulle. The latter saw that he must be a distinguished guest because of his handsome appearance, so they didn't stop him too much.

In the end, the greenery became more and more lush and deep. On the top of a big mountain, there are countless gates standing, each gate is separated by tens of feet. The gate is composed of two long white jade pillars. The middle is like a calm lake, and exudes a faint white light.

It seems to be connected to another world inside.

This is the fairy burial place of Yaochi, which is equivalent to the Fenbao Cliff of Taoism.

The only difference is that Daozong buried thousands of spiritual treasures, while people are buried here.

At the foot of the mountain, there is a strange beast with four horns, a shape like a divine cow, and hair as long as a coir raincoat. It must have lived for a long time, and its whole body trembles slightly when it breathes and breathes, as if it contains infinite power.

Shen Niu opened his eyes slightly, exuding a cold glow, and white mist came out of his nose while breathing.

Shen Yu glanced across the gates on the top of the mountain, and finally stopped at the second light gate on the right in the middle.

He raised his feet and prepared to go up the mountain, turning a blind eye to the guard beast.

Shen Niu squinted his eyes and followed the other party's line of sight. When he saw the light gate, his eyes changed. He seemed a little surprised, but he was a little puzzled. He hesitated for a moment, but finally he did nothing and closed his eyes Continue to sleep soundly.

He couldn't get in anyway.

Sitting here for hundreds of years, no one has been able to enter.

Shen Yu went up the mountain and came to the light gate, and gently stretched out his right hand to touch the 'lake surface'.

Cold to the touch, hard as iron.

Just like her temperament back then.

Shen Yu looked at the light gate and remained silent.

"This is where Fairy Linghua, the second disciple of Patriarch Xiwangmu, is located. Senior Linghua is extremely powerful, and has an extremely cold and arrogant personality. After sitting down, no one has ever been able to step inside, not even a close friend."

A pleasant voice sounded like a spring breeze.

He Pianpian, the Saintess of Yaochi, appeared behind Shen Yu for some reason, and then said with a smile, "Since you're here, why didn't you tell me?"

Shen Yu didn't look back, and said lightly: "We should not be familiar with each other."

The saintesses of Yaochi have always been extremely noble, but it is very strange to show kindness to the other party several times in succession.

He Pianpian stood there gracefully, bright and charming, with an incomparably noble aura.

She was not angry when she heard this, and said softly: "In the future, I will definitely go to Nanman to fight side by side, and I will get to know each other better."

Shen Yu understood something and raised her eyebrows slightly.

He Pianpian waited for the meeting, and said: "The Pantao Conference is being prepared and will start tomorrow, why don't I take you somewhere else first."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "No need."

He Pianpian looked into his eyes, looked at the tomb, seemed to understand something, and said seriously: "I have no way to go in, the formation that Fairy Linghua set up before her death, no one except my master can enter the Yaochi today. .”

Shen Yu listened to these words quietly, thought for a long time, and then put her hand on the 'lake surface' in the gate again.

"It's not good to be too cold, if you are strong, you must be wise."


"Back then the peach blossoms bloomed on the holy mountain, but the Jianmu tree broke and broke the Tianhe River at the foot of the mountain. I'll take you to see it when I have time."


"I like a lot, cultivating Taoism, practicing swords..., of course I also like peach blossoms."

The 'gate' remained motionless.

Shen Yu suddenly smiled for some reason, seemed to think of something, shook her head slightly, lowered her head and murmured: "It's me, Taixuan."

"it's me."

"Too mysterious."

The voice fell.

The four words of light and calm, the Guangmen, which has not had any movement for thousands of years, shines brightly in an instant.

The majestic breath revived, illuminating the world.

Shen Yu disappeared instantly.


		