

Yaochi Sacred Land is going to hold a peach event in the near future, which is of great significance. At the same time, many people from the Sacred Land have been invited to participate in the grand event.

Because of the postponement of Ling Yunbang, Yao Chi's conference this time attracted even more attention.

The morning sun shone on the earth, and the sea of ​​clouds accumulated in the sky began to gradually dissipate.

The blue phoenix flew slowly above a sparkling sea, its huge colorful wings made countless ripples.

It was sunny and sunny.

Su Mo said: "Yaochi once sent invitations to Yuansheng Hall."

"A few days ago, the saintess of Yaochi also invited me, and I just happened to go to see it."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows and asked, "Elder brother is also interested?"

Su Mo said: "It wasn't originally, but since it's out this time, let's take a look at it, not to mention you are here."

Shen Yu was a little puzzled.

"Because the younger brother is the best fighter in the Taoist sect."

Su Mo said with a smile: "If someone is looking for trouble, and I think it's troublesome, my junior brother can solve the trouble."

Shen Yu still didn't understand this.

Yaochi has always been aloof from the world, practiced in seclusion, and enjoys a high reputation among the spirits. However, the people invited to the Pantao Festival have to go through the heart-questioning act of ghosts in the sea of ​​innocence, and only those with a peaceful mind and a firm heart can pass. People are naturally first-class practitioners and their disciples.

Everyone knows that Su Mo doesn't know how to practice.

So normally speaking, no one would choose to deliberately embarrass Daozong at this time and make Daozong look bad.

What's more, from Shen Yu's point of view, if it really comes to that situation, it doesn't necessarily mean who is ugly.

Su Mo thought for a while and said, "Because there will be people coming from Liubo Mountain."

The nine holy places in the world.

Kunlun, Yaochi, Lingyin Temple, Academy, Daozong, Qingdi City, Sword Immortal City, Dongwang Island, Liubo Mountain.

Kunlun, Yaochi, and Daozong belong to the Taoist sect.

Lingyin Temple is a branch of Buddhism.

Academy is the mainstream of Confucianism in the world.

Sword Immortal City, the holy land of sword cultivators in the world.

Dongwang Island is known as the place where the ancient earth immortals passed on.

Qingdi City is considered to be the location of warriors other than the three religions in the world.

Only Liubo Mountain, eclectic, learns the strengths of various schools, and integrates them. It is known as a hundred schools of thought contending, and they can understand everything.

More importantly, they have always been friends with the Yaozu Jiaolong.

"Whether it is the master or the junior uncle, they have actually been to Liubo Mountain, and...something happened to them."

There was a helpless smile on Su Mo's face, "The tragedy in the world hadn't happened at the beginning, and the little master uncle went to Liubo Mountain for a trip at the beginning of his guns. Little Flood Dragon, and then his temper became hot for a while..."

Shen Yu said: "Killed?"

Su Mo nodded and sighed: "He was on the cliff sea of ​​Liubo Mountain, and he roasted and ate that little dragon in front of everyone, and that little dragon happened to be the last dragon that stepped into the fairyland. Beloved heir."

"So later, Liubo Mountain and the Jiaolong clan became furious, and jointly chased and killed my junior uncle for hundreds of thousands of miles."

Shen Yu became a little interested and said, "Later?"

Su Mo shook his head.

"there is none left."

"Later, the master went out to watch the sea, and with one sword, he split the entire cliff sea and the Dragon Palace thousands of miles below the seabed."

"And then it was never mentioned again."


To go to Yaochi, you must first pass through Wuwanghai.

Wuwanghai is located in the southern section of Dongzu Prefecture, where it is a desolate open space, connected to the distant sea that has no boundaries.

Around the Linghuang Continent, all the place names with the word Wuwang can be regarded as famous dangerous places in the world.

The color of the sea is extremely dark, it looks as black as ink from a distance, and it is poisonous, as if it is a black hole in the abyss. If people stare at it for a long time, they will panic.

Yaochi is just inside Wuwanghai, there is no formation here, but many practitioners are unable to directly control the sword or fly directly by the wind.

Because the sea area is filled with smog all the year round, there is no line of sight, and there is a strong wind that is comparable to the power of monks in the upper three realms whistling past the sea.

What's more dangerous is that there is a ghost in Wuwanghai.

name ghost.

Ghosts are resentful spirits produced by the resentment of the world and the negative emotions left by all the dead. Anyone who passes through the sea area, if their mood is lacking and their Taoism is unstable, they are very likely to dissipate their souls and seven souls invisibly, and become a ghost from then on. Walking dead, lost in the sea of ​​innocence and died of old age.

In the Taoist sect, there is also a saying that the ghost is the heart demon. It is said that an ancestor of the Taoist sect once came here to cross the mind demon and become a fairy.

The blue phoenix stopped in mid-air at the edge of Wuwanghai.

Shen Yu looked up, and there was a majestic and upright ship on the ferry ahead.

The big ship is nine stories high, towering like a mountain.

The Pantao Conference was opened, and people who received the invitations came here in an endless stream, and then boarded the ship one after another. Only occasionally a few rainbow lights exuding a strong aura did not stop, and went straight to the sea.

Shen Yu said: "The Yang family once promised to give me a ticket to board the ship."

Su Mo smiled and said, "No, the invitation is enough."

Su Mo took out the cloth bag, and the green luan bird honked unwillingly and then disappeared into it. Shen Yu glanced at the cloth bag and knew it in his heart.

Then the two of them boarded the boat on foot, the aura fluctuated smoothly, and the people coming and going around took a look and looked away.

The person who received the two was a middle-aged woman with various styles, with a charming figure and a mature face.

Every word and smile has an indescribable taste.

Shen Yu glanced at it and didn't look again.

After getting on the boat, I realized that the space contained inside is wider than imagined.

The two courtyards assigned to Shen Yu and the two were two courtyards on the fourth floor of the ship. From a distance, they were not considered magnificent, but they could barely be considered elegant and quiet.

The boat is full of well-known cultivators from all over the world, Yao Chi will not be so stupid as to deliberately classify them into different classes, but the subtle differences can still be noticed.

If the person's cultivation base is slightly higher, the room arranged will be deliberately raised up, if the guest's cultivation base is average, the room will be lowered subconsciously.

All principles belong to the steelyard in the heart of the reception staff.

The nine-story building, arranged on the fourth floor, already belongs to the inferior residence.

It just so happened that neither of them would care about such things, but Shen Yu was quite satisfied on the contrary.

There are trees in the yard and chairs under the trees, and that is enough.


Wuwanghai has a very wide range, and the speed of the seagoing ships is not fast, so it is destined to be another long journey.

In the first few days of the voyage, Su Mo wandered around on the boat. There were not only residences on board, but also various entertainment venues, and even shops and casino brothels that were needed in the practice world.

In his spare time, Su Mo likes to watch people, objects, and scenery.

Shen Yu has been lying under the old locust tree in the house, never taking a step forward.

The leaves blocked the light, making Shen Yu's face cloudy and uncertain, and even looked a little weird.

"Peach Festival."

Shen Yu looked through the window, silently lost in thought.

He had been to Yaochi before, and revisited his old place, but he didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.

"Will the flat peaches in the event still be as unpalatable as before?"

"Has the monster sealed in Yaochi been completely refined?"

"There is also the fairy girl in Yaochi who I accidentally ran into while stealing flat peaches back then, but now there is still a trace of spirit in the world?"


"The avenue is endless, and the life will last forever?"

Shen Yu whispered softly: "But after three thousand years, I still don't like it."


		