

Su Mo whispered softly, with a long and deep voice.

The whisper at the corner of the mouth seemed to have lifted the seal of something.

In the next breath, the ink-colored sword body glowed scarlet.

There is a wind blowing in the courtyard.

The coolness came, the wind gusts, and later it turned into a gust of wind and showers.

The turbulent sword energy began to seep into everyone's internal organs.

That feeling, as if the fish was abandoned on the arid desert, without any moisture, it would be evaporated in an instant.

Different from other people's touch, in Li Moran's eyes, it is a completely different change.

Between heaven and earth, twilight came, as if it had turned into night in an instant.

Under her feet, everything around her was shrouded in extreme blackness.

silence.

Like a black field.

The whole world seemed to be far away from her.

Li Moran's pupils began to shrink, all the disdain in his eyes disappeared, and the words he was about to say were swallowed back into his stomach again.

The tall woman quietly felt the breath emanating from the darkness not far away.

That's the smell of death.

As a result, her face was incomparably solemn, and her lips were a little dry.

"Which ancient fierce sword is this?"

"How can it obey this guy's will?"


As if to respond to her thoughts.

A creepy howl came from the chaotic darkness.

It was as if the stars were falling from the sky, like a fire starting a prairie fire.

Disgusting remains of ancient corpses crawled out of the darkness in all directions.

The cloudy wind rises again and gathers to form.

Looking vaguely, there are only a few alien beasts left in the ancient times.

The white-eared giant ape, Yahaiteng snake, Taiyin Yinghuo, Beiming Kunpeng.

All kinds of ancient strange beasts that were invincible in the ancient times were born one by one.

Those are the endless souls who were beheaded by this sword thousands of years ago.

The overwhelming hostility completely erupted from the darkness at this moment.

The aura of many gods and demons permeates the world, vast and far away.

The remains of the ancient corpses in all directions slowly crawled towards the woman, while the ancient beasts roared behind them.

Facing this scene, Li Moran's face showed a shocked expression of disbelief.

She finally knew where this ancient sword and spirit treasure came from.

It is rumored that in ancient times, there were immortals who forged it with the essence and blood of the three tribes of humans, monsters and demons.

sword name

Kill the sky.

But the ancient sword Zhutian is now owned by Daoyan Daoyan, the head of the Taoist sect, so why is it in Su Mo's hands.


The turbulent sword intent came out violently, and a pure white light radiated faintly from Li Moran's whole body, like a fairy.

"The remnants of remnant souls thousands of years ago, can you stand up to me?"

Li Moran shouted heavily, his expression was as decisive and fierce as the autumn wind chopping fallen leaves.

She couldn't bear it anymore, and finally started to strike.

The berserk knife energy turned into countless silver-white thin ropes and whipped out, strangely domineering, destroying those ancient corpses and giant statues.

"With such a great hostility, you dare to repeatedly drive it without the slightest cultivation base. I'll see when you ask for trouble and bite yourself back!"

The female sword fairy strode forward, her sword intent resisting the hostility around her.

Within a radius of ten feet, nothing can come close.

unstoppable.

Suddenly.

Those wailing and roaring all disappeared, replaced by endless silence.

The yellow flying sand turned into a river from a distance and flew over, circling for a circle, and sprinkled a faint golden light.

Those golden spots of light kept merging and dispersing, and finally formed portraits with different poses.

This time, it was Mantian Xianfo singing.

Every character and every syllable spit out from their mouths turned into extremely complicated Sanskrit words, and then gathered in the sky, connecting them into golden giant nets.

Skynet was restored.

Thousands of immortals and Buddhas suppressed it together.

The tall woman didn't change her face, a light flashed in her hand, and she held a white horizontal knife in her right hand.

"Don't worry about all the gods and Buddhas, go to death!"

An indifferent voice came.

In the darkness, a light as thick as a mountain rose into the sky, like thunder.

crackle!

A gap slowly opened from top to bottom in the middle of the giant golden net.

The endless night sky seemed to be cut open by someone, and a faint light shot in.

The light is like a curtain, warm and comfortable.

Li Moran's mouth finally showed a smile.

In her opinion, she has already broken through the sky, and all that remains is to return to the world again.

Leaving here means the end.

next moment.

The female sword fairy turned into a knife, soaring into the sky, and disappeared into the sky in an instant.

The immortals and Buddhas of the heavens looked at the woman's figure without any movement, but quietly stopped their whispers, and there was a hint of pity in their eyes.

A breeze blows, and all things disappear in the darkness.

The three realms all returned to chaos.


The female sword fairy galloped forward rapidly.

The light is ahead, and it is getting more and more dazzling, and even has a hot feeling.

It's clearly in front of you, but...why hasn't it arrived yet.

The joyful expression on Li Moran's face gradually faded, and his face was blank.

She stopped and looked back subconsciously. There was no way out behind her.

Various statues of gods appeared in the air.

There are flying fairies in the colorful murals, Shura of the Underworld in the boundless tombstones, and Yama in the ten temples in chaos, with endless grievances in the banners in his hands.

The fairy world, the human world, the underworld.

It's all on display.

Li Moran couldn't hold back the fear that hadn't appeared in hundreds of years, his face was full of fierceness, and he roared angrily: "Pretend to be a ghost, get out of here."

There is light ahead.

The darkness dissipated, and a figure came out from the light, and his face could not be seen clearly.

There was also an ancient sword floating beside the man,

Li Moran waved his sleeves and said coldly: "Su Mo, you think you can stop me like this!"

"Ninth level of the Netherworld, I can only drag you into the sixth level."

Su Mo looked at her and said, "You came to me by yourself, why do you talk about stopping me?"

Li Moran was taken aback for a moment, and a moment later, a cold sweat spread all over his body.

She looked around, it was empty, without any breath of living people.

She asked tremblingly, "How heavy is this place?"

Su Mo replied, "Of course it's the ninth level."

Li Moran's expression changed instantly.

In the blink of an eye.

The female sword fairy fell towards the distance without the slightest nostalgia.

Su Mo shook his head slightly and sighed softly, "It's late."

Countless black air bee pupae came from the sky and the earth, wrapping around Li Moran's whole body.

Nether Nine Heavens.

There is no return, there is death but there is no birth.

The black mist rolled and roared, completely engulfing the figure.

After a while, there was no movement at all.


The consciousness of the female Daoxian who stepped into the upper three realms in the world gradually blurred, her figure floated in the air, and her eyes turned gray.

A light and shadow could be vaguely seen coming in front of her.

"In the deepest part of the nether world, there is no return."

Li Moran looked confused, and murmured: "What about you?"

The gentle man said: "The human world and the nether world are not far apart, but only in one thought."

The female Daoxian was taken aback, and moved her eyes slowly.

She saw a slender figure exuding dazzling brilliance.

In the darkness, there was only one person.

The brilliance is burning.

Her eyes gradually revealed a look of enlightenment, and she smiled miserably.

"I thought I had split the nether sky with a knife, so I saw the light."

"What you see is not light."

Su Mo thought for a while and said, "It's me."


In the Yang family mansion.

All they saw was the young man from Taoist sect beside the door holding down the hilt of his sword with both fingers.

Then Long Jian, the Dao of the Sword True Immortal who had stepped into the upper three realms, bled from his orifices on the spot and fell to the ground with a crash.


		