

In recent days, many things have actually happened in the Spiritual Desolation Continent.

The third floor of the academy suddenly announced a three-year delay. This is a major event for everyone in the practice world and has attracted the attention of practitioners in the world. However, the academy has not yet given a reasonable explanation.

Another thing is that the land of Qianchuan started an assassination plan against the entire young spiritual practitioners.

The breadth of scope and layout is jaw-dropping.

From the time when Guiyun Xianzong killed Qingdicheng Liyi a few months ago, and in the months after that, all the well-known young disciples above Linghuang were without exception.

Kunlun, Yaochi, Lingyin Temple and other nine holy places and first-class sects were all affected.

The casualties were heavy, and this aroused the anger and dissatisfaction of the Holy Land of the Desolate Spirit. Some great practitioners in the world, and even the most low-key Yaochi, one of the Nine Great Holy Lands, was born for the first time. They united everyone to search for the land of Qianchuan and wanted to get rid of it. quick.

The reason for this is said to be that a young disciple in the Yaochi Holy Land who had a heavenly cultivation aptitude was assassinated, and his life and death are unknown.

There are frequent evils and evildoers in the world, and there are many heroes.

In the continent of mountains, seas, and spirits, chaos has loomed in the world.

After talking about these big things in the spirit shortage, there are relatively small things.

Li Moran, a sword fairy from Duanren Mountain, a practitioner of the upper three realms, came to Qianliu City and joined the Qingxu sect. No one knew what she had done.

All I know is that the city is eerily quiet.


In the barren mountain a few miles away from the city, inside the Yang family mansion.

A tall woman stood in a water pavilion beside a pond, staring at the emerald green water in a daze.

Behind her, stood quietly a young girl with a big knife on her back.

This originally deserted courtyard was still full of many people.

The elderly elders of the Qingxu Sect, the heads and children of the four major families in the city, as well as Yang Pan'er and his daughter are all here.

Strangely, behind everyone, a mature woman whose real body was broken and with several snow-white tails behind her was imprisoned on a stone pillar in the air.

The vixen was covered in bloodstains and was dying.

The tall and indifferent woman seemed tired of looking at the scenery, turned around and sat on a chair behind her, looked ahead, and said indifferently: "He lived here back then."

No one dared to answer.

Yang Pan'er's eyes were red, he gave a sound of pooh, and said: "Quickly let Zhao...she go!"

The woman rested her chin with one hand, tilted her head slightly, and raised the corners of her mouth slightly, and said: "A little vixen hides in the big city of the human race, but dares to kill people wantonly. Could it be that you are with her?"

Yang Pan'er burst into tears, and said: "Ugly, old hag, nonsense."

Yang Yuanhao's face was pale, he quickly covered his daughter's mouth, and said in a low voice: "The immortal, please forgive me, my little daughter is not sensible."

The tall woman let out an oh, and said expressionlessly: "Then this goblin has nothing to do with you?"

Yang Yuanhao was stunned for a moment, his eyes were complicated, then he silently lowered his head, and said with some difficulty: "My Yang family...has nothing to do with her...."

Yang Pan'er opened her mouth wide, a little afraid to say: "Father..."

The tall woman raised her lips, looked at the fox demon, and said slightly mockingly: "This is the man you risked your life to save, tsk tsk tsk, he is exactly the same as that idiot Yan Nantian, so I just killed him as soon as I entered the city, out of sight Don't worry, it seems that regardless of the race of transvestites, men will always be such ruthless waste."

The female fox demon who has experienced countless pains and tortures these days without making a sound, for some reason, has an unconcealable sadness and loss on her cheeks.

The word love has always hurt people the most.

"But! But if you really want to kill her, please kill me with her."

The decisive words came out, and countless people were shocked.

Yang Yuanhao ignored the crowd, looked at the fox demon tied up high, with gentle eyes, and said: "Actually, I knew it many years ago, I owe you this, I'm sorry."

Zhao Ji suddenly covered her lips, and tears flickered in her eyes.

It hurts the most, but at the same time, it is also the most touching.

The female sword fairy watched this scene silently, then seemed to think of something, her face was cold, and she snorted coldly.

Immediately afterwards, a tail exploded behind Zhao Ji, and countless blood spilled on the ground.

For the nine-tailed fox family, each tail was connected with the mind, and the painful wailing suddenly spread throughout the small courtyard.

Yang Yuanhao's face was sad, and he murmured in a low voice: "On the way to Huangquan, I will accompany you."

Yang Pan'er was furious and scolded: "What are you doing, old woman!"

Among the four major families, the Dongfang family and the Gu family lowered their heads silently, while Dongfang Duan and Gu Ming were even more pale, and dared not speak a word.

The girl with the huge long knife behind the tall woman rolled her eyes, thinking that these guys are really idiots.

It was obvious that after my master caught that Shen Yu, he would kill them all together. At this time, there is nothing to worry about. It is better to have a good scolding with that silly girl of the Yang family, and then go on the road with peace of mind.

The female sword fairy was a little bored, and said lightly: "Don't be afraid, you will be buried with the two fathers and sons of the Qingxu Sect tomorrow, so if you have any complaints today, feel free to scold them, the harder it sounds, the better, I will listen quietly and never do anything." .”

As soon as the words fell, everyone in the venue showed a look of despair.

"Could it be...could a true immortal be so unreasonable?"

A questioning voice containing puzzlement and doubts sounded.

Nangong Rou's face was slightly pale, but she still took a step forward bravely.

The tall woman looked at her, suddenly showed a smile, and said, "That's right, a high cultivation base can really be so unreasonable, how about it?"

Nangongrou's face was full of powerlessness, and she seemed to want to say something, but was instantly pulled back by the old man behind her.

A sneer suddenly sounded.

Gritting her teeth when summoned by the moment her tail was cut off, she said coldly: "Miss Yang is now practicing in the Dao Sect, and I don't believe you don't know Shen Yu's identity in the Dao Sect, deceive yourself and others, and kill me, do you think Can you escape Daozong's revenge?"

The female Daoxian lightly tapped the chair handle with her right hand, squinted her eyes, and said leisurely: "The Yang family in Qianliu City colluded with the fox demon and killed the Qingxu faction and many people in the city, causing heavy casualties, so I came here to suppress it. ?”

"Besides, colluding with monsters is already a serious crime. If it is spread to the academy, who do you think can protect it?"

"Also... Daozong, is he really powerful?"


"Girl, I can't answer you with the first two sentences, but I can answer the last one."

A gentle voice sounded from outside the door.

The female Daoxian narrowed her eyes, her face revealing killing intent.

"girl?"

In the whole world, how many people dare to address her like that.

next moment.

A young man who deliberately went out and changed into a clean long shirt appeared in everyone's sight.

There was a thick strip of cloth on his back, and there seemed to be something inside.

Li Moran said lightly: "Who is it?"

Su Mo explained with a smile: "Daozong, Su Mo, Su of Tassel, Mo of Qianmo."


		