

Seeing this scene, the seductive woman sneered and said, "What? Are you speechless?"

Shen Yu glanced at her and asked, "What's your name?"

The seductive woman pursed her lips and said, "Zhao Ji."

Shen Yu let out an oh, then turned and left.

The fox demon froze for a moment, ignoring the severe pain in his shoulder, and asked with a frown, "What do you mean?"

Shen Yu didn't turn her head back, and said: "Although transvestites have different paths, there is no rule that transvestites cannot fall in love. In my eyes, you are not wrong."

The seductive woman said disdainfully: "It's just nice to say, let me ask you, if you were that person, and your wife and daughter were treated like this for no reason, what would you do?"

"Where are there so many ifs in the world?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Just now you went to the city to intercept the previous three members of the Qingxu Sect. In your opinion, it was right, but if the matter was revealed, it would be a catastrophe for the Yang family. Do you think what you did was right or wrong? ?”

The woman's complexion changed drastically, and she said after a while, "I did it very covertly. The four factions in the city are checks and balances. As long as there is no evidence, the Qingxu faction will not dare to act easily."

"Really."

Shen Yu responded lightly, noncommittal.

The woman narrowed her eyes and said, "You haven't answered my question yet."

Shen Yu stopped when she heard the words, thought about it seriously, and replied: "I can enjoy the most beautiful things in the world, and I can also bear the most painful things in the world."

The woman froze.

Shen Yu turned and left, looking at the flowers blooming around her on the way, she muttered something softly, only she could hear it.


Shen Yu returned to her courtyard in Yang's house, leaned on the chair, and was full of thoughts.

There are not many tragedies similar to the massacre of practitioners in the whole history, but they happen every hundred years.

Shen Yu has seen too many similar things, so she knows that there are too many filth, conspiracy, interests, helplessness and innocence hidden in them.

So he didn't answer the other party's question.

Should one hundred thousand people be killed?

Everyone feels they are doing the right thing.

From the point of view of that Taoist cultivator or the common people, what they did was right.

But the only problem is that these things cannot be judged by right or wrong, which is exactly what Shen Yu taught Lu Caiwei at the beginning.

Shen Yu thought about it, and then thought of the three tails she saw just now, and her eyes became turbulent.

The fox demon family can be divided into two extremes, ruthless and infatuated.

"Infatuation cannot end well, only ruthlessness can prove the truth."

This is a sentence engraved on the altars of the fox demon clan in the past. It was carved by the only nine-tailed fox demon in the world, who is also the demon emperor of the demon clan.

It's just that for thousands of years, it seems that many female fox demons have chosen to be infatuated, and dismiss the so-called Dao.

"Hu Jiu, you said how simple it would be if everything in the world could be judged by right or wrong."

Shen Yu looked at the sky and asked.

It's just that no one can answer him.


The life of a practitioner has always passed quickly.

The spring test in Qianliu City has officially started.

Practitioners need fairy jade no less than mortals need gold, silver and copper coins, so there is also a difference between rich and poor in the practice world, and because of this, there have been countless murders and treasures.

This spring test represented that the four families and the Qingxu faction jointly carve up the resources of the Xianyu mine outside the city, which naturally attracted a lot of attention.

early morning.

As countless noises gathered in the city one after another, Shen Yu, who was in the willow forest, finally walked out of the mansion.

Unlike last time, apart from Zhao Ji, who had transformed into an old servant again, Yang Pan'er and Yang Yuanhao, the head of the family, also went there.

It's just that his face is extraordinarily serious.

The success or failure of this competition is not only related to the celestial jade veins, but also represents whether the Yang family can gain a foothold in the city or even the entire Linshan country in the future.

If they lost control of the Xianyu mine vein, the Qingxu Sect would definitely make trouble, and in the end the entire Yang family business would be slowly eroded by the rest of the family.

The old servant Zhao Ji lowered her head slightly with a calm expression.

Not only because she knew that Shen Yu was a disciple from the Taoist sect, but she had already made up her mind that if Shen Yu failed, she would go all out to find a chance to kill Yan Nantian and Yan Yunyu and his son. , is no longer her concern.

She had endured it for many years, and she had made up her mind when she finally killed the three disciples of the Qingxu Sect.

The big deal is death.

The Spring Examination was hosted by the Qingxu Sect, but it was a joint discussion between the four schools.

The four got off the carriage at the gate of the city, and Shen Yu looked up at the sky.

A huge round platform towered above the sky in the center of Qianliu City. The huge building shadow blocked the sunlight, and the whole Qianliu City was dark.

The location of this competition is in the sky.

Yang Pan'er stood on tiptoes, built a pergola with her hands, and looked into the distance and said: "There is a hanging stone in the center of the round platform, so it can hang in the sky."

Shen Yu's expression was flat. Although this kind of thing was rare, he had already seen such a large hanging mountain as Feilai Peak in Yuansheng Palace, so he would not be surprised by this kind of thing.

The four of them walked into the city gate, and then waited until they reached a high platform in the center of the city. After a gentle suction force, the four of them gradually floated upwards.

Shen Yu glanced around, thinking that Qianliu City is indeed a big city with celestial jade veins, and the use of various celestial jade and celestial stones has reached a very high level.

After crossing the sea of ​​clouds, I heard countless people shouting loudly on the round platform, sometimes amazed and sometimes regretful.

The round platform is very large, with only one plane. The cyan blue stone floor is as smooth as a mirror, but there is no end in sight.

Countless people were competing in all directions, and more people chose to watch, as if something was going on.

Yang Yuanhao looked up as if he saw something, then snorted coldly.

Yang Pan'er also rolled her eyes.

Shen Yu followed their gaze.

A group of men in Taoist uniforms and wooden crowns stood in the center of the round platform, with their heads up and their chests upright, with an extraordinary bearing, and the same style of gray shirts had the word Qingxu engraved on their chests.

Shen Yu frowned slightly when she saw this scene, feeling vaguely familiar.

A line of sight fell on Shen Yu.

Shen Yu's eyes turned.

It turned out to be a young man with a feminine temperament and bright red lips, with a peach blossom face and a playful smile.

Standing in front of him was a middle-aged man with no expression on his face. He was not angry and majestic. He was somewhat similar to Yang Yuanhao, the only difference was that he had an extra dusty aura.

The identities of the two are obvious, they are the head of Qingxu Sect Yan Nantian and his son Yan Yunyu.

"That disgusting guy is Yan Yunyu."

Yang Pan'er leaned in and said in Shen Yu's ear.

Shen Yu took a look, saw the obscenity in the opponent's eyes, and said, "It's really disgusting."

The voices of the two of them were not loud, but they did not cover up in the slightest.

What's more important is that practitioners have very good hearing ability, so these two sentences of dialogue were clearly transmitted to each other's ears.

Yan Yunyu's face was gloomy, and she squinted at Shen Yu.

Shen Yu didn't care about this threat, but turned his head again, looking at the middle-aged man with deep breathing in front of him.

The fifth realm of Taoism is the Immortal Ascension Realm.

Bai Yujing in the sky, the fifth floor of the twelfth floor.

Practitioners in the world have always been vague about the realm of Taoism. At first there was the theory of twelve realms, but for some reason, there is only one theory of nine realms that has been handed down to this day.

Shen Yu was born in a Taoist sect, so he naturally knew something about the secrets here.

After the nine realms, there are three realms.

However, those three realms are too illusory.

Putting aside the thoughts in his head, Shen Yu started to look at this man in the Immortal Ascension Boundary again. This man has a strong breath, but he is someone who needs his attention.

Shen Yu's right hand fingers began to twirl slightly.

Yang Pan'er asked curiously, "What are you doing?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "I'm calculating how many swords it will take to kill him later."

"You're crazy."

Yang Paner's eyes widened, and said: "There are many people on the opposite side, and that annoying ghost is now a practitioner of the Golden Core Realm. He is very powerful among his peers. It's impossible. Forget it."

Shen Yu didn't explain, but temporarily stopped his hands and said, "Then take me to the competition first."

"The people participating in the spring test this time have all kinds of teaching and nine streams, so there are many people."

Yang Pan'er stretched out his fingers and counted, and said: "There are divination, poetry and painting, art of war, formation, theory of Taoism, meditation, um, Shen Yu, which one do you choose?"

The air was suddenly quiet.

Shen Yu was silent for a while, and said, "You let me do the math."


		