

"You are Shen Yu?"

"it's me."

The atmosphere in the arena is a bit weird.

Because the man who came all the way here was calm, and his tone was not very sharp.

And Shen Yu was even more casual, eating noodles leisurely, like two friends who haven't seen each other for a long time.

This made the nearby people hold their breath and wait for the imminent battle to react a little bit.

Shen Yu asked: "Wait until I finish eating?"

The bunt man scratched his head, looked at the steaming hot noodles he was talking about, and said in a muffled voice, "It looks delicious, can I have a bowl too."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly, she seemed a little happy for some reason, thought for a while and said, "Yes."

"We want a bowl too."

Before everyone could react from their stupefaction, another voice came from a distance, a man and a woman.

One thousand swords in Kunlun, He Pianpian in Yaochi.

During the period, there was a sound of gasping for air, and everyone exclaimed.

Among the top ten in the Lingyun Ranking, three gathered in Guiyun Immortal Sect at once.

Shen Yu looked calm and said, "Come with me."


"There are fewer vegetable leaves."

"I just love vegetarian noodles."

"Put more oil in."

In a small makeshift house, three figures who looked like the favored sons of the Desolate Spirit sat around the table.

A simple and honest man.

A young Taoist priest who looks like a drop fairy.

A fairy above the nine heavens.

The momentum is different, the demeanor is different, the only thing in common is that all three of them are eating noodles.

There was some silence for a while.

Shen Yu said, "The weather looks good today."

"The weather in Kunlun Mountain is also very good."

"Yao Chi is like spring all the year round, but I can't feel anything."

During this period, Li Yi could not stop eating noodles.

Yun Qing leaned against the door with her arms folded and said with a sneer, "It's really cold."


There was another silence.

The practitioners on the mountain were able to eat without food a long time ago. Except for Shen Yu, they are all strong men who have stepped into the upper three realms. Naturally, they will not be interested in the noodles with clear soup and little water, and the four of them have bad tempers. words.

Li Yi might really be an exception, he said that he really wants to eat noodles.

Wan Jianyi said calmly: "I heard that what treasure did you get from that legacy mansion?"

This question is a question that several people present want to know.

Li took a big gulp of the bowl of soup, wiped his mouth, and said calmly: "A pitch-black stick, it is said that it was a pillar used by the dragon clan to suppress Haiyan in ancient times, and it is very heavy."

Wan Jianyi gave a soft ooh and said, "Congratulations."

The expressions of the few people present were as usual, and the background of their respective sects made them not surprised or jealous of most of the magic weapons.

Li Yi turned his head, as if he had finally finished eating, and said, "Li Chan is my younger brother. Monk Huike specifically asked me for the matter in Nanhe City, so I know that my younger brother asked for it."

The surrounding atmosphere changed completely.

Shen Yu looked indifferent,

"My master once warned me."

Li Yi put down the bowl and chopsticks, and then said: "But I have known since I was a child that this relationship cannot be broken. They were all born in the same mother's womb. Before my parents left, I promised them to take good care of Li Chan, so this time I'm still here."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

He doesn't care about these reasons.

He Pianpian interjected: "The difference in realm is too big, it's not fair, and it doesn't make sense."

Wan Jianyi looked at her in surprise.

Li Yi looked at Shen Yu and grinned, "With just this bowl of noodles, I won't kill you, and I will keep my realm at the same level as yours, how about it?"

Shen Yu was a little surprised, then nodded and said, "Yes."

Shen Yu is very satisfied with this method, because Li Yi is regarded as the strongest in the younger generation, and he wants to compete with the strongest, and this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Li Yi stood up and said, "Please."

lakeside.

The two faced each other across the lake.

Surrounded by countless dense figures.

They already knew that in this battle Li Yi deliberately lowered his realm, so that there would be no such a devastating situation as last time.

But the expectation of this battle has not diminished in the slightest for them.

Because this must be the world's top contest in this realm.


At first glance, Li Yi looked like a rather unremarkable person, dressed in coarse cloth, like a man doing ordinary work.

But Shen Yu's face was surprisingly serious, which proved that the opponent was very strong, and not just ordinary.

A wooden sword appeared in his hand in an instant.

The art of controlling the sword is useless to the person in front of him, this is something Shen Yu can see at the first glance.

Li Yi bent his waist and knees, and took a step forward.

Boom!

It was as if a deep hole appeared on the surface of the lake, and the middle suddenly sank down.

at the same time.

Shen Yu also rushed forward, and a bloody fire dragon surged out from his right arm.

What he is holding at this moment is not just a sword, but more like a real dragon that devours everything.

boom!

The two collided in the middle of the lake, and the strong shock wave made the lake flow back from below to both sides.

Shen Yu's figure disappeared in mid-air, and appeared behind Li Yi in the blink of an eye, and punched him down again.

Li Yi blocked the front with both hands, unexpectedly resisting this blow.

A sudden bursting wave erupted within a square inch, Li Yi flew upside down, then circled in the air, and rushed forward at a faster speed after landing.

This time it was Shen Yu who was knocked to the ground.

A bit of dust was raised from the ground, and then floated in the air.

"The wind rises." A small whisper sounded from the ground.

Li's eyes narrowed immediately.

A tens of feet long tornado wind appeared out of thin air, rushing towards Li Yi violently.

The man's face was firm, and he stabilized his figure in mid-air, his arms were completely covered by golden light.

Then he packs a punch.

The punch was unremarkable, and only brought a breeze.

The air of the tornado collided with the fist, and countless brilliant lights bloomed in the sky.

Li Yi roared angrily: "Break!"

Boom!

The tornado disappeared instantly.

Then the next one, Shen Yu slashed down from the sky with a majestic sword intent.

Boom!

Li Yi's body shook violently, but instantly became as stable as a mountain.

Shen Yu smiled and murmured, "It's raining!"

There was thunder on the ground.

Countless tiny wooden swords fell from the sky like a rain of swords, hitting Li Yi's body in an instant, and the rain of countless swords turned into a sword curtain, drowning him in an instant.

After the sword rain, Li Yi seemed to have just been knocked down by a heavy blow, and he smashed into the water without any resistance.

Plop!

Water splashes.


Dozens of disciples of Daozong saw this scene and their hearts were agitated.

Those Guiyun Xianzong disciples who knew the identity of the man were even more shocked.

The thick figure broke through the water.

Shen Yu holds the sword in his right hand, and holds the back with his left hand.

"Wu Fu's fifth realm, Vientiane Realm, is equivalent to Taoist Immortal Ascension Realm."

Li Yi was not injured at all, and calmly said: "I have heard about you, and you should also be able to reach the state of mind wandering."

"Jing Qing!"

Shen Yu silently read a sentence.

next moment.

Countless dark red rays of light erupted from his body, and his aura instantly broke through the Cave Realm, and finally stopped in the middle of the Immortal Ascension Boundary.


		