

This time the closed-door questioning was not as long as expected, and even shorter than Yu Wenwen expected.

In less than half an hour, several elders in the hall came out one after another, all with delicate expressions.

Xu Qingmei frowned tightly, her expression serious.

Yu Wenwen didn't see Shen Yu, she approached Xu Qingmei and asked, "How is it?"

Xu Qingmei sighed softly, wanting to stop talking.

Daochen Daochen of the Qinglu Palace had just walked out of the palace gate, and said indifferently: "According to the gate rules, first bring Shen Yu into my Siguo Cliff in the Qinglu Palace, and I will announce his disposal after a while."

Not only Yu Wenwen, but even Chen Jianzhi's expression changed.

The Siguoya Cliff in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty is a place where disciples who violated the rules of the sect are imprisoned. As long as one enters there, it means that one has admitted to the crimes committed, and some heinous people may even be imprisoned there for a lifetime.

Yu Wenwen frowned and said: "Shen Yu is the disciple of the head of the sect, if the matter is not investigated clearly, I am afraid that he will act so hastily..."

"Wenwen."

Xu Qingmei sighed and said, "Shen Yu has already pleaded guilty."

"what?"


Less than half an hour ago.

The man from the academy still sat quietly on the chair with a gentle smile on his face.

But Hu Bufeng, who was lowering his head, had a dull expression at this time, as if he had lost his mind.

He paid a huge price to invite a big man from the Dali dynasty to come forward, and then specially invited Mr. Zhongzhou Academy who maintains the rules between mortals and practitioners to come here, in addition to wanting to get to the bottom of the case that caused a sensation in Dali ten years ago , It is to make a contribution to this matter, to evade the punishment brought by Li Chan's broken arm in Qingdi City.

That person went to find Shen Yu's trouble after listening to his instigation. Now that things have gone wrong, Qingdi City will naturally put pressure on the Dali Dynasty, and the position of Nanhe Chengcheng Captain may not be able to keep.

Hu Bufeng recognized Shen Yu standing in the hall at first sight as the very intelligent and extraordinary young master Shen Yuanzhi back then.

But when he was about to confess the other party's guilt with righteous words, the matter... seemed to be over.

"Shen Yu, did you kill the twenty-six mortals of the Shen family?"

"almost."

"Asshole, yes is yes, no is no, how can this kind of thing be the same."

"Oh, so be it."

"You!....You know, the academy and the world's practice sects have set rules that practitioners are not allowed to kill mortals without authorization. You may not have practiced that day, but you have nothing in your heart to do such a dehumanizing thing. guilty?"

"No."

In the main hall, Daochen Daoist roared angrily, but the little son of the Shen family looked calm.

Hu Bufeng stared at the scene in front of him dumbfounded.

He thought about many possibilities, for example, Shen Yu would have many excuses to quibble, such as turning black and white to shirk his guilt, but he never thought that Shen Yu would admit it so frankly.

What is even more puzzling is that he looked indifferent, not pretending to be calm, but really thinking that this matter is not worth mentioning.

"Madman, this person is definitely a lunatic!"

The crowd dispersed.

Hu Bufeng came back to his senses at this time, his face turned pale, and he cursed silently, after a while he raised his head and asked: "Mr. Lu, is this the end of this matter?"

Lu Wenyu, who didn't say a word from the beginning to the end, raised his head and said with a smile: "Naturally, Daozong has already imprisoned him in Siguo Cliff."

Hu Bufeng was still not reconciled, he frowned and said, "But, that kid didn't receive any punishment."

"His status is different from that of an ordinary disciple of Daozong. No one came here from Yuansheng Temple this time, so naturally he cannot be disposed of at will."

The voice of Mr. Academy is like a trickling stream, clear and bright, "Taozong is one of the nine holy places in the world. We are just watching this time. As for how to deal with it, it is not up to us to intervene. General Hu, you want too much .”

Hu Bufeng's face changed. Although he was born as a martial artist in the Great Leaving School Field, he is not as good as those practitioners, but after all, he is not a stunned young man who has just joined the world. How can he not hear the vigilance of the other party, and quickly said: "Thank you Mr. Lu reminded me that I was thinking too much."

Hu Bufeng stood up and said, "Now that the matter is over, why don't Mr. Lu come down the mountain with me?"

Lu Wenyu also got up, and said gently: "It's been a long time since the Taoist sect came. Recently, I heard that there is a competition here. I'm going to stay and have a look. General Hu, please go ahead."

Hu Bufeng nodded with a smile, then strode out of the Law Enforcement Pavilion, and came to the steps outside the pavilion, feeling the rising sun, and felt much better.

Not only was the murderer arrested, but also because the words of Mr. Lu from the academy made him feel respected like a spring breeze.

An academy teacher who is almost a sage, actually thinks highly of a martial artist in the world.


Another major event happened in Daozong.

The head disciple, Shen Yu, was imprisoned in Siguoya, Qinglu Palace, because he was the murderer of the Shen family tragedy in Nanhe City of the Dali Dynasty ten years ago.

"Killing your dearest relatives, and slaughtering twenty-six members of your family, it's so ruthless."

These news quickly spread throughout the Taoist sect, and the four halls and seven peaks immediately started talking about it.

It just adds some weird vibes to it.

Among the four halls, disputes occurred to varying degrees in the other three halls. Some said that they should be punished lightly, while others suggested severe punishment. However, Yuan Sheng Hall, which should make the most noise, did not make any sound from the beginning to the end.

Su Mo, Daofan Daoist, seemed to have disappeared, as if he didn't care about it at this time, and turned a blind eye.


But in Siguoya in Qinglu Hall, Shen Yu naturally didn't know what happened to the Seven Peaks in the Fourth Hall of Daozong.

After finishing the conversation with Taoist Daochen, the real person took him into the Siguoya Prison, which specially detains disciples who violate the sect rules.

This cliff is near the abyss, and there is only a small mountain road leading directly to the top of the mountain. There are many caves of different sizes along the road, which are the prisons of Siguoya.

There is no sunlight here all year round, it is cold and humid, and the aura is extremely thin.

Shen Yu was sitting casually at the entrance of a cave facing a cliff at this time, silently looking at the clouds and clouds in the sky.

Siguoya has an extremely powerful and profound formation, and invisible forces imprison every area. Without special talisman, it is impossible to move an inch.

He tried it casually just now, and found that only the inside of the cave and the seven or eight feet of the entrance can move.

"You are really amazing. After doing something like that, you didn't escape and came back. Are you confused?"

A mocking remark came from behind, it turned out to be a disciple of Qinglu Palace who was in charge of guarding him.

Shen Yu's thoughts were interrupted by these words, only to realize that a day had passed, and the moon and stars were sparse at this time.

"I did nothing wrong, why did I run away?"

Shen Yu looked at that person, as if he had seen him somewhere before, and he looked familiar.

The disciple of the Palace of the Qing Dynasty rolled his eyes and said, "You are a real bull. You are the same as when you first went up the mountain. Your personality has not changed at all. No wonder you can be the door-to-door disciple of the sect leader. I can't compare to you with your heart and courage." on you."

Shen Yu looked at him and said, "We met."

"Hehe, it's hard for you to remember me."

The disciple of the Qing Law Hall laughed at himself, leaned against the cliff, seemed very happy, and said, "My name is Ding Yi, you entered the Taoist sect to take the test in front of the mountain gate, and I gave you the name , it turned out that it has only been more than three years, and you have become my senior brother."

Shen Yu thought for a while and said, "I didn't expect it to be you."

Ding Yi grinned and laughed.

He can be said to be the first to pay attention to Shen Yu's rise in Daozong. At the beginning, he was very impressed with Shen Yu at the gate of Daozong, but later he didn't expect that the other party was really powerful, and he suddenly became the head of the sect. Disciple, he was amazed and sighed at the same time, and there was even a trace of indescribable kindness and admiration in it.

Early in the morning, Ding saw clearly that those senior brothers in the Law Palace were not pleasing to the eye. He kept his face cold all day long, and shouted at them because he had been a beginner for a few years. When Shen Yu beat Fang Hen and Chen Jianzhi, Lan Yingxing beat him terribly. Although his face was pretending to be angry, he was already very happy in his heart.

Ding Yi secretly looked around and saw no one, so he said in a low voice: "I think you are more of a man than them, at least you are responsible for what you do."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "Actually, I went to the Law Enforcement Pavilion just to make a point, but I was imprisoned here before I could make a point."

Ding Yi was puzzled and said, "Why?"

Shen Yu said: "Because they don't seem to want to reason with me."

Ding Yitian was born with a simple mind, and he didn't want to think about these complicated things at all. He sighed and said, "Then what should we do now?"

Shen Yu changed her sitting position and said, "Just wait until they come to make sense."

"This... I think you can forget it!"

Ding Yi curled his lips and said, "The people locked up here can't make any sense. I haven't seen anyone from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty come to this place where the birds don't shit."

Shen Yu looked at him and said, "You are a very interesting person."

Ding Yi said indifferently: "Interesting? Isn't it just vulgar? I can't help it. I was born in a small mountain village in the southwest, and I haven't read many books. If it wasn't for being deceived by an old bastard with a white beard in Qinglu Temple Come here, I don't care to come here."

Ding Yi seemed to get angrier as he spoke, and began to curse: "The old man just left me here and disappeared. I now pretend to be my grandson to be ordered by others all day long. There is a cold wind blowing at the mountain gate. Now it's no shit at all. The local prison guards let me do all kinds of shit, it's really fucking unreasonable."

"uncertain."

Shen Yu shook his head and said: "Actually, although your talent is mediocre, your state of mind is clear and natural. The former can make your practice faster, but the latter is the foundation of the great way. The old bastard you are talking about must have seen this."

Ding Yi's eyes widened suddenly, his face was shocked, and he didn't speak for a long time.

"It's so fucking..."

Ding Yiyi slapped his thigh, jumped up from the rock with a whoosh, stared at Shen Yu, and said suspiciously: "What you said is exactly the same as that old bastard! Are you two together? Play tricks on me."

Shen Yu looked around and said lightly, "What do you think?"

"Uh...it doesn't look like it, you are a little miserable now."

Ding Yi chuckled, suddenly remembered the conversation just now, and said bitterly: "The group of people in Qinglu Palace, except me, none of them can be reasonable, a bunch of little bastards, they will never come to listen to you reason."

"It's ok."

Shen Yu looked at the sky, and said calmly: "I seldom reason, and my patience is not good."

When Ding Yi heard this, he was even more tongue-tied. This kind of talk is always so flavorful, and it sounds much more powerful than those guys with high-level eyes in Qinglu Palace.

"then you...."

Boom!

In the dead of night, Ding Yi couldn't stop talking, but was suddenly interrupted. He rolled his eyes and passed out instantly.

Shen Yu looked up.

A black stick appeared behind his fallen body.

The little girl clenched her hands tightly and looked around warily.


		