

Linghuang, the sky above Dongzu Prefecture.

The figure in the green shirt moved forward at a terrifying speed in the sea of ​​clouds, straight and straight, drawing a long line in the sky without any deviation.

In front of them, a small number of cultivators from various sects who were on their way stopped in the air and gave way one after another.

"It's so fast. This young man looks handsome, but his strength is truly unfathomable."

"Hmph, speaking of it, the sword escape technique of the sword cultivator is the fastest in the world. It seems that this person is a sword cultivator? It doesn't look like it."

"Idiot, do those lunatics who practice swords have such a good temper? I'm afraid it's too late for us to avoid it."

Accompanied by whispering, many people suddenly realized, some even thought that he was a senior with good looks, bowed down and said his name.

It's just a pity that the ray of light disappeared instantly at the end of everyone's sight, and they didn't respond at all.

After crossing countless towering mountains and passing through rushing rivers, it finally stopped at a certain place, and then fell at a straight angle.

When Kunlun Wanjian descended from the mountain, he already appeared extremely arrogant, but this escaping light was even more unreasonable, and he didn't stop until he was only a few feet away from the ground.

With a flash of light, the figure fell to the ground, and the surroundings did not change due to the rapid impact, it was extremely calm.

Between stillness and movement, the invisible revealed this person's profound attainments in flying with the sword.

And there is only one such person.

Shen Yu stood on the ground, ignoring the ghost-like frightened expression of a woodcutter not far away, and looked up at a city a few miles away.

There are three words engraved on the mottled city wall.

Senyanagi Castle.

Shen Yu came here because Yang Liu's father seemed to live here.

At the beginning, Shen Yu caused a series of troubles because of a customs clearance document, but in retrospect, it was very unnecessary.

In the kingdoms of the Spirit Desolation, except for the Great Tang, the passage of cultivators has always been very loose. Except for some vicious people's academies and the Great Tang School, which will monitor them, other immortal sects don't care much about foreign monks.

The reason why the documents are needed is that the spiritually desolate countries are afraid that the practitioners will use the magic of immortality to disrupt the world and ruin the way of the world.

Shen Yu gradually understood these things on the road, and because of these little things, he began to appreciate the Tang Dynasty, which is known as the most powerful country in the spirit.

Not only because there is an academy, one of the nine holy places.

It's not just because there is a school field that gathers martial arts from all over the world.

In the continent three thousand years ago, there were too many practitioners and they were too powerful. There was no country that could compete with the sect of practitioners.

But now there is such a country, which is extremely rare.

However, there is no big country in Dongzu Prefecture, only a few small countries. This Qianliu City is a territory called Linshan Kingdom.

Shen Yu looked at the city for a while, then waved to his side.

The ordinary woodcutter who was about to slip away looked hesitant, and after a while he bit the bullet and approached Shen Yu.

For a countryman like him who doesn't have much knowledge, those gods in the sky are not kind people, like those young guys from the Qingxu sect in the city. Make ordinary people sick.

Who wouldn't be afraid of such a weird method?

The young immortal who looked like a scourge in his eyes turned his head and asked, "I heard that the business here is very famous?"

The woodcutter was stunned for a moment, and after realizing it, he nodded quickly and said, "Yes, because the Patriarch of the Yang family lives in Qianliu City, he is the treasurer of the Universal Trading Company."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly upon hearing this.

He didn't know Yang Yuanhao, and he didn't have the slightest idea of ​​any firm.

But along the way, the four characters of Four Seas Commercial Bank are found in almost all cities, and its scale can be seen naturally.

At this time, Shen Yu finally understood why Yang Liu was able to take out so many bank notes when he left.

It turned out to be a girl from a rich family.

The woodcutter seemed to feel that the explanation was not clear enough, so he added, "That was once the largest firm in Dongzu Prefecture."

Shen Yu looked like this, and asked: "Ever?"

The woodcutter looked around and whispered: "It seems to be related to the marriage of the second daughter of the Yang family. The Yang family suddenly repented and offended those gods. The Four Seas Trading Company, which had been flourishing all these years, began to decline."

Shen Yu raised her head slightly and said, "Lead the way."


The Yang family's mansion is not in Qianliu City, but in a willow forest a few miles outside the city.

Tranquil and comfortable, countless willows surround a small lake, with blue tiles and white walls beside the lake, and an atmospheric courtyard is located in it.

In the eyes of outsiders, this move seems a bit secluded, and it also shows that the current situation of the Yang family does not seem to be very good.

Shen Yu came from a small path, casually pushed away the weeds that were as tall as a person in front of him, and then knocked on the somewhat old gate with his fingers.

After a while, an old servant slowly opened the door and looked at the visitor with scrutiny.

"What is it?"

the old man asked in a hoarse voice.

Shen Yu said lightly: "I'm a little tired after traveling all the way, can I take this to rest for a few days?"

The old servant frowned slightly, looked at Shen Yu up and down, and then declined politely: "There will be guests visiting the mansion in the near future, it is really inconvenient to entertain you, sorry."

Before Shen Yu could speak, another crisp voice came from inside the door.

"Uncle Zhao, who is it?"

A young girl about the age of cardamom appeared bouncingly beside the old servant, and then stared at Shen Yu with a pair of watery eyes.

The old friend bent down slightly, and explained: "Miss, there is a young man who came to stay overnight, and I will send him out immediately."

The girl looked at Shen Yu and asked, "What's your name?"

Shen Yu said: "Shen..."

Before the words fell, the girl suddenly burst into flames without any warning.

A cold light appeared from her sleeve, and then the sharp sword tip whizzed in the air and pointed at Shen Yu.

The latter looked indifferent and did not respond at all.

In an instant, the tip of the sword stopped between Shen Yu's eyebrows.

The old servant watched this scene silently.

The girl snorted softly and said triumphantly, "Do you dare to move?"

Shen Yu looked at the familiar eyebrows, the corners of his mouth slightly raised, and said, "Don't dare to move."


In front of the courtyard gate, the two looked at each other.

The old servant coughed lightly and said, "Miss?"

The girl snorted softly, took back the sword, clapped her hands in satisfaction, and said, "Uncle Zhao, let him in."

The old servant looked a little hesitant.

The girl put her arms around her chest, raised her delicate chin, and said proudly: "Don't worry, this guy can't even stop me with a sword. It must not be those annoying guys, just let him in."

The old servant hesitated for a while, and finally opened the door.

As soon as Shen Yu approached the threshold, the unusually lively girl patted him on the shoulder, and said old-fashionedly: "Don't be afraid, my sword, Yang Pan'er, has never been easily shot, by the way, do you really want to know my sword now? Where is the sword?"

The girl's hands were empty, except for the moment when she made a move, she didn't have a sword in her hand at all other times.

This kind of move is easy to cause applause and exclamation in the mortal world.

The girl's tone was indifferent, but the joy and excitement between her eyebrows could not be concealed no matter what.

It seemed that she hadn't seen a stranger for a long time. The girl looked at Shen Yu's eager eyes, and seemed to be saying, "Quickly ask me, quickly ask me."

But Shen Yu just turned her head slightly and said, "Your sleeve is torn."

The girl blinked and lowered her head in confusion.

I saw that the long sword that she quickly retracted into the sleeve accidentally cut the cuff, and the tip of the sword was already exposed from the specially made thick cuff.

The girl blushed suddenly, coughed twice, gently stuffed the sword in, and then looked around as if nothing had happened.

The old servant looked at his nose, his nose, and his heart, as if he hadn't seen anything.


		