

"Sir, the art of transformation has millions of transformations, so it's not impossible to transform into a female body."

The boy in black stayed in the sea for a long time before climbing onto the boat with a resentful expression on his face.

The movement just now was not small. Logically speaking, many people could have seen it, but surprisingly, no one looked this way.

Because there was another ship coming behind them, and everyone's attention was drawn there.

Shen Yu also looked there.

The boat that the three boys in black were on was already considered a huge boat, but if compared with that one, it was like the difference between a child and an adult.

What is even more surprising about that huge ship is that it has no sails, but is towed by a hundred-foot-long sea snake.

The snake's head stood high above the bow of the ship, and the snake's letter was spit out casually, and there were scales similar to cockscombs raised high on its forehead.

It was so shocking.

Shen Yu narrowed his eyes slightly, and there were a few scattered people standing on top of the broad snake's head, and he recognized who it was.

It was the disciple of Guiyun Xianzong who passed by at Tianhe Inn back then.

A handsome young man stood on the left, on the right was Senior Sister Yun standing with her hands behind her back, and in the middle was an ancient and rare old man with a majestic appearance.

This person must be the practitioner of the upper three realms who showed his cultivation in Pingyao Ancient Town.

He looked back suddenly.

Lu Caiwei didn't see this scene and just returned to the cabin.

On the surface of the sea, a huge sea snake dragged the entire ship at an extremely fast speed, and soon it was convenient for Shen Yu and the others to walk side by side.

The handsome man with a frivolous expression saw Shen Yu again, counting the time at the Tianhe Inn, this was already the second time.

He made a murderous gesture towards Shen Yu, and then smiled provocatively.

The boy in black had a frosty face.

Shen Yu looked indifferent.

Except for the man who pretended to be provocative, the other people around him never looked aside from the beginning to the end.

The difference between immortals and mortals is like the sky and the earth, no one will care about the ants on the ground.

Even the young disciples on the big boat who had just been selected by Guiyun Xianzong seemed to have ascended after attaining the Tao, looking down at the crowd from a high position, the eyes on their immature faces were full of looking down and pity.

After all, he just stole someone else's treasure, and the boy waited for others to go away. Just now he used his spiritual power to disperse the moisture from his body, and said disdainfully: "Sir, look, that stupid snake is actually used as a mount for someone, and it's also arrogant, it's really shameful, bah, shame on the snake."

Shen Yu didn't speak, but shook his head slightly.

For some reason, he doesn't like the current world.


On top of the snake head in the distance.

Senior Sister Yun frowned, and suddenly looked back.

The old man with a sense of immortality asked, "Yunqing, what's wrong."

Yun Qing, who was dressed in red, shook her head and said, "It's nothing."

At that moment just now, she felt a strange wave of familiar spiritual power.

The handsome man beside him said with a smile: "Senior Sister Yun must be troubled by the loss of the Yaojian."

Hearing the words, the old man disappeared slightly, with a gloomy expression.

As the elder of Guiyun Immortal Sect, a cultivator who half-stepped into the upper three realms, now he has lost the most important treasure of the sect, and he will definitely be punished when he returns.

But what he couldn't understand was what method the thief used to steal the Demon Mirror.

He set up many formation restrictions in advance, but when he came back, the formations and restrictions were not damaged in the slightest, and the Yaojian disappeared. This is really puzzling.

"Master, don't think about it."

The man in Tsing Yi didn't look worried at all, and said a little casually: "Anyway, I will be punished, so what do you want to do so much?"

Hearing the words, the old man was immediately out of breath, blew his beard and stared and scolded: "Bastard, how could this old man accept a heartless apprentice like you."

The man smiled and said: "That's true, master, at that time you spent several bottles of precious pills to replace me as your apprentice, but I have been helping you solve problems, master, better than that stinky girl who doesn't know what to do. Much stronger."

Yun Qing frowned and said, "Junior Brother Yang, I said, don't do unnecessary things."

The handsome man said disapprovingly, "Senior Sister Yun, she's just a mortal, you care what she does."

Yun Qing hesitated to speak, but finally said nothing.

Among the three religions in the world, Buddhism pays attention to karmic retribution, Taoism pays attention to reincarnation of cause and effect, and Confucianism also has a family that accumulates goodness, there must be lasting celebrations, and a family that accumulates bad qualities, there must be residual disasters.

These karmic obstacles are invisible and intangible, but they will inevitably appear when the situation is broken.

The more accumulated karma in one's life, the more difficult it is to encounter demon obstacles when breaking through. Especially in the face of life and death, it is easier to expose big problems, ranging from regression in cultivation, to fear of life.

The cycle of heaven, everything is in balance.

In the world, apart from the sacred places like Zhongzhou Academy and Datang Academy to maintain some rules among immortals, the Dao of Heaven even invisibly restricts practitioners.

Otherwise, if a practitioner with a high level of realm tramples on the mortal kingdom at will, wouldn't it be chaos in the world.

Yun Qing knew this very well, but she didn't care about it, because its goal was always the mortal beings under its feet, but the illusory fairyland of immortality.

Judging from this list, even the younger brother in front of her, or even his master, are not considered her fellows.


The days passed calmly, and the ships sailed slowly on the sea.

Lu Caiwei restrained her temper, and often locked herself in the small cabin to practice alone.

Shen Yu didn't bother her, but often sat cross-legged at the stern.

The diseased jasper sword wandered freely in the acupoints in his body, and it was no longer as violent as before. After a little more time, he would be able to move as he wanted.

Refining and Fusion. There are two concepts.

If he had completely integrated the jade sword in Yixiantian back then, there would be no need to add another sword at all.

Yu Jian and holding a sword, in Shen Yu's view.

One lies in being fast.

One lies in potential.

Yu Jian kills people, and when he is too late to react, he is naturally unstoppable, killing people with one thought.

While holding a sword with a heavy momentum, when the sword momentum rises, people can't resist the thought of resisting, killing people with one sword,

Most of the sword cultivators in the world are respected by the Sword Immortal City in the Northern Territory, and they practice the art of controlling the sword. Few people can practice the two arts of controlling the sword and holding the sword at the same time.

Shen Yu stood up, holding the railing with both hands, and looked into the distance.

He searched many things from Zhang Zhi's body, except for some precious pills, there was also a booklet, which recorded some secret things in the practice world.

So he knew that there were indeed two holy places in Dongzuzhou.

Yao Chi, Kunlun.

That is one of the places where the earliest practitioners of the human race originated, and those who came out of Dongwang Island were called Qi Refiners.

The pattern of Linghuang Continent has not changed much, so Shen Yu is going to have a look, maybe he can know something.

When she was wandering thousands of miles, Shen Yu suddenly raised her eyebrows and said, "I didn't expect that girl to really break through."


		