

The situation on the square of the Patriarch Hall is changing.

Many people were shocked by what happened one after another and couldn't recover.

Reverend Daoxuan looked at Lu Wenyu in the distance.

The academy is responsible for maintaining the rules between practitioners and ordinary people in the world, and is also the arbiter of this case. Whether Shen Yu can participate in this competition, his words are actually very important.

Moreover, the final winner of this competition will go to Zhongzhou Academy. If the academy is not willing to approve it, then it doesn't matter whether Shen Yu participates or not.

Lu Wenyu frowned slightly, a little hesitant.

Making decisions on behalf of Zhongzhou Academy is not an easy task.

After a while, his eyes looked at a person in the field, and there was uncertainty in his eyes.

It's Su Mo.

The latter smiled at him.

Then Lu Wenyu pondered for a moment, and said, "Yes."


Things in the world are always full of surprises and uncertainties, and will continue along this tortuous line.

The road of the great road is dangerous in every way. Some people live and some people die.

All the disciples of the Law Enforcing Pavilion of the Qing Law Hall were withdrawn, leaving only two people standing on the high platform.

"You're really good at telling stories."

Zhang Jian stood with his hands behind his back, and said lightly: "I don't know if you are arrogant or confident, but the tricks you used that time are useless now."

Concentrating spiritual power in one place, and then suddenly bursting out with power beyond his own realm, Zhang Jian naturally heard it during the martial arts performance in the Four Palaces.

Shen Yu didn't even look at him, but moved his eyes to the statue standing on the north side in the distance.

It's been many years, this is the first time someone has forced me to say so many words, and I've also recalled some unpleasant memories, so I'm in a bad mood.

He once told Ding Yi that he didn't have that much patience to reason with others.

If it were elsewhere, he would never have made so many explanations and talked so many meaningless truths.

No one is qualified to judge him, Shen Yu was born to act, why should he explain to others?

It's just something different here.

Shen Yu is willing to use the little patience and reason accumulated over three thousand years on Daozong.

All the reasons are naturally the silent statue in front of him, after all, this kid was his only disciple.

So he didn't resist, he was willing to enter Siguo Cliff, and he was even willing to reason with Daozong calmly.

Only now, the truth is over.

Patience is running out.

Shen Yu asked lightly: "Obvious injury?"

Zhang Jian nodded, sneered and said, "I did it."

Shen Yu let out a cry.

Then a bloody wooden sword appeared in his right hand.

Zhang Jian put away his playful thoughts, and his expression was solemn, because there was still a trace of fear in his heart.

Because of the Master's Freedom Sword, Qing Lvdian Fang hated, Chen Jianzhi was once defeated by this handsome man in front of him.


In the middle stage of Jindan Realm and Immortal Ascension Boundary, if the difference in realm between the two lies in other people, there is no need to think about winning or losing.

But this person is Shen Yu, it seems that the realm is not important anymore.

Yu Wenwen, Fang Hen and other Immortal Ascension Boundary disciples looked at them intently.

Zhang Jian sneered in his heart, this person thought that the tricks of that day could still work now?

The master once spent a long time to find out Shen Yu's experience since he was young. He thought that he could be abolished by relying on the matter of Yunyang Guan, but he did not expect to let him appear in the competition in the end. middle.

Shang Yingluo looked at the field with great vigor, and waved to Shen Yu from time to time.

It was the first time for Yang Liu to see Shen Yu fighting with others. The last time she was recuperating at Zuowang Peak during the Fourth Hall of Martial Arts, she had a worried look on her face.

"Eldest brother, senior brother Shen Yu is only at the Jindan stage, can he beat that person?"

she asked nervously.

Su Mo thought for a while, and said with a serious expression, "I'm worried about another issue."

Yang Liu was a little taken aback, and then saw Daofan's expression on the side was also a little dignified, he couldn't help but become more nervous, and said, "What's the problem?"

Su Mo sighed, and said, "Junior brother is in a bad mood now, I'm afraid he might accidentally kill Zhang Jian, what should we do then?"

Master Daofan nodded and said, "Yes, I am also worried about this issue."

Yang Liu heard the conversation between the two and was speechless.


Master Daoxuan said: "Start."

In an instant, Zhang Jian bullied himself forward, with the whip spirit treasure in his hand rushing forward like a spirit snake, but his moves were bland.

Shen Yu stepped to the left, the shadow of the whip passed over his previous position, and then made a deep mark on the ground.

Zhang Jian's complexion remained unchanged, he jumped for joy, and raised a black whip curtain to cover Shen Yu.

As the whip curtain approached Shen Yu, Zhang Jian's spiritual power suddenly condensed into one point, and thousands of whip shadows instantly merged into one, turning into a black dragon and stabbing forward.

This is the concentration of spiritual power of a practitioner in the middle stage of the Immortal Ascension Boundary. The Zhang Jian was released instantly, and the black long whip made a piercing sound because of it.

Shen Yu didn't care, and raised her hand gently.

Then there was a muffled sound of flesh and blood colliding between the two of them.

Zhang Jianzhi fought Shen Yu hundreds of times in an instant, fist shadows were like the wind, the magic weapon of the long whip and the blood-colored wooden sword collided with each other, and the two of them were getting faster and faster, and the hard ground in the field was even more splashed. Lots of broken stones.

What Zhang Jian used this time was the inherited technique of Zuowang Peak--"Zhanlong Jue".

He relied on this secret technique to defeat Mingjian earlier, and this technique is so powerful that he is the only one in the entire Zuowang Peak who is qualified to inherit this technique.

But what surprised him most was that Shen Yu's wooden sword always seemed to be able to defuse the whip in unexpected places, and it seemed so understated.

As a result, the scene suddenly fell into a stalemate, and countless cracks were drawn on the hard blue stone floor.

Zhang Jian whips like a dragon.

Shen Yu put one hand behind his back, and his sword was like the wind.

With the passage of time, someone also discovered that Shen Yu's sword moves didn't seem to have the slightest set pattern, they were all bland, like drawing circles over and over again.

One circle follows another.

Real Daofan showed a surprised look on his face. He often saw Shen Yu punching in the bamboo forest when he was flying to the peak before, and it was just like drawing circles here. I didn't expect that even the sword moves are like this today. No lethality, but unexpectedly so wonderful.

Even the big monks in the body state were so surprised, let alone those young disciples who had just stepped into the Tao state, one by one, they were so fascinated.

The master of the Duzhen Hall, Lou Curtain Move, wore a white veil, and said in an appreciative tone: "I didn't expect this kid's sword moves to be so smooth and flowing. Although my Taoist sect focuses on cultivation, someone can use such a superb move." Sword moves, I think the disciples who come to Sword Immortal City are nothing more than this."

boom!

With the sound of a heavy blow, Zhang Jian stepped back a few steps, panting slightly, his eyes full of doubts.

He almost exhausted all his spiritual power to use the secret method, and Shen Yu also spent more spiritual power to defuse his offensive, but why didn't he see half of his spiritual power exhausted.

How could it be possible for a Golden Core Realm to have such a majestic spiritual power.

Shen Yu said lightly: "Still fighting?"

Zhang Jian sneered, then took a deep breath, and then slowly hung in the air.

The seven-foot long whip flew into the air along with his body, and then a fiery red light suddenly shot out from the whip, like dragon flames.

Zhang Jian spoke lightly, and poured all his spiritual power into this spiritual treasure.

The long whip became much thicker immediately, and then gradually became bigger. After a while, it turned into a black flood dragon, with its head raised high, and a dragon chant.

The wind and the dragon chant.

Countless people looked at the scene in front of them and couldn't help but exclaimed.

"What is this? There is actually a spirit treasure made from the body of a dragon in Zuowang Peak?"

"This is a flood dragon. The real dragons in the world have long since disappeared. Only at the far end of the East China Sea can we see a flood dragon."

"The flood dragon, which is comparable to the practitioners of the Ascension Realm, has actually been made into a spiritual treasure."

Rao Daoxuan Daoxuan was also a little surprised, and whispered softly: "Dragon Killing Whip?"

A sneer appeared on the corner of Zhang Zhi's mouth.

This is exactly an innate spirit treasure.

It was also the reason why Zhang Jian had been in seclusion for a long time.

Many young people got this treasure in a secret place when they were traveling in the spiritual wasteland, but they didn't expect to find out that it was an innate spirit treasure after some sacrifices.

Therefore, he purposely hid this treasure, secretly handed it to his disciple Zhang Jian, and asked him to retreat and fuse this treasure into a Mingling Treasure, hoping to become a blockbuster in this competition.

Zhang Zhi felt a little regretful at this time, this Xiantian Lingbao was originally going to unseal it when facing Yu Wenwen or Fang Hen, but he didn't expect it to be ahead of schedule at this time.

As long as this Lingbao seal is removed, Shen Yu has no chance of winning.

At this moment, Zhang Jian kept scribbling spells with his hands, like a god descending from the earth, and then softly shouted: "Go."

The black flood dragon constantly surrounded in the air let out a sky-shattering roar, and then transformed into several phantoms.

Afterwards, the long black dragon rushed straight away.

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent from the beginning to the end. When the black dragon was about to arrive in front of him, he took a step forward.

boom!

The aura scattered in all directions, and countless gravels were thrown up.

Smoke and dust filled the entire platform.


Body and body in one.

Countless disciples could only stare blankly at this scene, each with an incomparably surging look on their faces.

It is an innate spiritual treasure that has such great power after it is fused with an Immortal Ascension Boundary practitioner as its original destiny. If it is an immortal artifact, it is a great power in the Ascension Realm.

What a spectacle that would be.

Everyone sighed. At this moment, what could Shen Yu do to resist that shocking blow.

Yu Wenwen's expression was solemn, her eyes kept scanning the field, trying to make sure of something.

Yang Liu secretly took out a turquoise elixir, which was a healing elixir given to him by Shen Yu earlier, thinking that if senior brother Shen Yu was seriously injured, he would be fine with this elixir.

Zhang Zhi smiled, that kid was defeated.

At this time, countless large pits appeared on the originally glorious blue stone floor, and then the smoke and dust scattered.

Zhang Jian was a little weak, and there was an unconcealable exhaustion on his face, but he felt a little relieved in his heart.

He smiled, today's battle will soon spread throughout Linghuang, and the name Zhang Jian will also spread throughout the world.

But soon, his smile stagnated, because as the smoke cleared, a figure in a green shirt walked out of it.

"Sword up."

Zhang Jian couldn't hear the subtle voice at this time, because a bloody wooden sword directly passed through his body.

Immediately afterwards, the left shoulder, right shoulder, chest, legs, and countless wounds spurted out bright red blood, spilling into the air.

Zhang Jian was covered in blood in an instant.


Some are too fast, and some are too creepy.

No one in the arena made a sound.

At this moment, several disciples in Yanfa Hall screamed in surprise.

It turned out that they saw the wound on Zhang Jian's body that was exactly the same as Ming Jian's.

The only difference was that one had a sword wound, while the other had a whip wound.

Zhang Jian looked sluggish, but the severe pain made him sober.

He saw Shen Yu's figure, except for some dust on the corners of the green shirt, he was unscathed.

"how is this possible?"

Zhang Jian couldn't comprehend that the innate spirit treasure that he had worked so hard for several years to merge, and that his realm was two stages higher than him, couldn't hurt him at all.

"It's just a spirit treasure refined from the dragon bones."

Shen Yu walked in front of him, lightly raised his right foot, and said lightly: "I can't even count the dragons I killed."

boom!

Zhang Jian's body flew out in an instant, and rolled several times on the ground, leaving blood stains all over the ground. Coincidentally, he just fell at the feet of the first seat on Zuowang Peak.

Zhang Zhi stared angrily.

Shen Yu looked at him, and said a word softly.

This sentence did not deliberately lower the voice, but was clear and bright, and everyone in the square of the Patriarch Hall could hear it clearly.

Then everyone looked at Shen Yu in shock.

That sentence is.

You are too weak.


		