

Chen Jianzhi from the Qing Law Hall walked over slowly, even in front of the elders of the Fourth Hall, he still had the confidence to speak provocatively.

A few days ago, the dispute between him and Shen Yu was related to Yu Wenwen, the stunning female sword fairy of Daozong, and even several elders knew about it.

Chen Jianzhi made no secret of his disgust, and said, "I think you should still remember the bet that day, but, have you ever obtained the Lingbao inheritance?"

Chen Jianzhi didn't pay attention to the little girl Shang Yingluo at all before, but kept looking at Shen Yu who looked indifferently behind her.

He was very sure that Shen Yu didn't have the aura of Lingbao on her body, let alone get the inheritance of Lingbao.

Following Chen Jianzhi's questioning, everyone who was shocked by the matter between the master of the Duzhen Palace and the little girl finally came to their senses, and all looked at Shen Yu's hands, and there was indeed nothing.

As a result, their gazes changed a lot, showing pity, pity, contempt, and ridicule.

In the eyes of many people, it is too arrogant for a disciple who has just stepped into the Dao realm to have the guts to argue with a genius disciple from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty.

Chen Jianzhi didn't hear the answer, so he continued: "I didn't think you could get the Lingbao from the beginning, but you are arrogant to bet with me, Shen Yu, you asked for it yourself."

Chen Jianzhi thought of the close appearance of Shen Yu and Yu Wenwen before, and a wave of anger rose in his heart, so that now he just wanted to humiliate that young man severely.

The pride and self-confidence of that handsome young man were completely trampled under his feet.

It's a pity that the young man was so indifferent from the beginning to the end, and Chen Jianzhi's words didn't make any waves in him.


For a while, everyone looked at Shen Yu quietly.

Jiang Shaoqiu next to him opened his mouth to say something, but stopped again. He had seen the freehand figure soaring upwards on Fenbao Cliff with his own eyes.

Ye Zhiqiu was silent.

Shang Yingluo looked at Chen Jianzhi strangely, thinking that this is what a fool looks like.

The elders of the fourth hall also noticed something, and then deliberately looked at Shen Yu, and then their expressions changed slightly.


"Speaking of which, I'll start with you first, but I shouldn't care too much about you..."

At this moment, Chen Jianzhi felt happy, and wanted to show his magnanimity in front of everyone, so he spoke proudly.

"Last time, you came to Yanfa Temple. I have Yunhai Wenxin there, which is most suitable for Daoxin Dongzhen."

Just as Chen Jianzhi was halfway through his words, he was interrupted by an old voice, very eager.

Elder Zhou of the Yanfa Hall also said to Shen Yu: "Our Master Daoxuan of the Yanfa Hall has met you many times, and he also values ​​you very much. How about it, come to the Yanfa Hall to practice."

Chen Jianzhi looked at the old man who was eagerly recruiting, and wondered if he had read it wrong.

"On the road of practice, besides Dao Xin, there are more places to see and walk."

Immediately afterwards, Duzhendian Xu Qingmei said with a smile: "You and Yingluo have a very good relationship, and I heard our family Yu Wenwen mentioned you, so there must be some friendship, young people, it's better to be close."

Daoist Daochen was silent for a while, and then took the initiative to say: "I am also willing to give my best to train you. As for the previous dispute between you and the disciples of the Qinglu Palace, it must be a dispensable matter in front of Dao. .”

At this moment, the attitudes of the three big figures of Daozong were surprisingly consistent, just like the welcome boy in Mortal Restaurant.

It is difficult for everyone to understand why these big shots suddenly changed their attitudes.

"what happened?"

Chen Jianzhi woke up from the sluggishness, but still couldn't understand why there was such a big change.

"It's kind of hard to understand, isn't it?"

Shen Yu looked at him and said lightly: "Your realm is not high enough, so you can't see many things, for example, my natal spirit treasure."

The boy drew a talisman with his right hand, and a light red sword shadow appeared in front of him.

Shen Yu said: "In this way, you should be able to see it."

Chen Jianzhi's face was pale, and his eyes were full of shock.


quiet.

Those new disciples and some Qifeng deacons may not know what the sword shadow represents, but just look at Chen Jianzhi's expression...

This time, he lost.

Shen Yu said: "You lost, I can make a small request."

Chen Jianzhi blushed, clenched his fists tightly, and said in a deep voice, "Say."

Shen Yu looked at him, then walked towards him slowly, footsteps sounded, but at this moment, it was very clear.

Everyone condensed their voices, watching nervously what was about to happen.

What is he going to do?

Chen Jianzhi is not only the disciple of the master of the Qing Law Hall, but also the deacon of the Law Enforcement Pavilion. Does Shen Yu want to humiliate him among them?

The elders of the fourth hall did not say anything to stop them, they all looked at this scene indifferently.

Shen Yu came to Chen Jianzhi and stretched out his hand.

Chen Jianzhi still held his head high, full of pride.

Shen Yu took off the tall silver Taoist crown on his head, looked at it for a while, and then suddenly said: "I thought you were too tall before, so I kept seeing you uncomfortable, so it really made me uncomfortable. The comfortable one is this Taoist crown."

The boy continued: "It looks much more comfortable this way."

Shen Yu patted him on the shoulder, and said seriously: "In the future, it will be more pleasing to the eye to change to a Taoist scarf to tie his hair."

Chen Jianzhi's face turned blue and white, ashamed and angry.


Afterwards, Chen Jianzhi left here with shame and anger, and this small wave also dispersed with him.

Shen Yu casually threw the Taoist temple on the ground, turned a blind eye to the admiring gazes around her, turned and walked towards Yan Qingshu.

Previously he wanted to go to Yanfa Hall, it was really good to ask Xindao, and he could also bask in the sun with that little old man Daoxuan in his spare time.

It's just that after seeing Shang Yingluo, she was still a little worried.

Three thousand years later, the relationship between the human race and the monster race should become even worse, if the identity of the little girl is exposed.

The consequences will be unimaginable.

The current self is still unable to protect her, so he is going to go to Duzhen Hall together to look at her.


Yan Qingshu looked at the young man who was coming, with a look of joy on his face.

"Shen Yu."

At this moment, a cold voice came, and at the same time, the thin Taoist came to his side at some point.

Shen Yu stopped and looked at him.

Seeing this, Xu Qingmei stomped her feet helplessly.

Zhou Yi and Daochen Daochen looked dignified and said nothing.

Yan Qingshu opened his mouth and said, "Really, is that what you mean, or..."

Dao Fan said: "The meaning of the head."

The head of the sect has not accepted any more disciples for decades, but now he actually favors this young man, and several people immediately put down their intentions to stop him.

Only Yan Qingshu held a glimmer of hope and said: "But the head of the sect hasn't shown up for decades, isn't he in retreat..."

Dao Fan's expression turned cold, and he said, "What are you talking about?"

Yan Qingshu's complexion changed, and he didn't dare to speak again.

Master Daofan turned to the boy and said, "Follow me to the Yuan Temple, maybe you will be very interested."

Shen Yu asked, "What are you going to see?"

Dao Fan replied: "There are many interesting people and things."

Shen Yu was silent for a while, and asked again after a while: "It is rumored that the master is the strongest practitioner in this continent?"

Dao Fan thought for a while and said, "It should be."

Shen Yu nodded, and then came to Shang Yingluo, rubbed the heads of the little girl and the little Linghu, and said softly, "Take care of yourself, and there are biscuits."

Reverend Dao Fan rested his right hand lightly on the boy.

Then, it turned into a stream of light and disappeared into the sea of ​​clouds in an instant.


		