

The violent air waves rushed from the very center to all directions.

The conversation between the two people before almost resounded throughout Guiyun Immortal Sect, Xu Yan, who knew far more than the rest of the sect, was like falling into an ice cellar.

Although the domineering head teacher Zhong Shenluo and the middle-aged man who likes to live in seclusion but is famous all over the world, although they live in peace on weekdays, they have already grown tired of seeing each other.

But even though he had thought of this scene a long time ago, when it actually happened, a chill still swept through his whole body in an instant.

One is the head teacher of the world's first-class sect, and the other is a hidden cultivator with unfathomable realm in the sect. If the two really fight, no matter the outcome, it will be an unprecedented battle for the entire Guiyun Xianzong. avoid heavy damage.

If they hadn't come to Luoxian Peak, the most remote place in this sect, would they have been shocked to death by the aftermath?

After a short period of silence, another aftermath of spiritual energy that was even more violent than before swept over.

The violent gust was mixed with countless rubble, and then several roars and cracks resounded through the sky in the distance one after another, like drums of war, like spring rain falling, rapid and dense.

Lu Caiwei asked in confusion, "What happened?"

"The gods are fighting."

Shen Yu stood on the top of the peak, with his hands behind his back, looking up into the distance.

Lu Caiwei opened her eyes wide and followed Shen Yu's eyes. She tried her best, but she could only see the unpredictable changes in the aura in the sky.

Over the entire sky, countless clouds rolled over, and circles of ripples formed like rippling water spread around. Those occasional bright lights were what Shen Yu called "fairy fighting." '

Lu Caiwei was a little discouraged, and said, "I don't understand."

"It's strange that you can understand it, a little baby. The battle between the monks of the upper three realms is originally cloudy and unpredictable. Speaking of it, in terms of exciting and beautiful, the fight between the sword repairman and the martial artist is the most magnificent. "An old voice suddenly sounded in the ears of the two of them.

Immediately afterwards, a thin old man appeared out of nowhere on the peak, holding a long banner, with the words asking divination and divination written on the front, and solving troubles and solving problems on the back.

The old man with a gray beard squatted on a small rock, put the long flag on the ground casually, looked into the distance, and pointed to Jiang Shan as soon as he raised his hand: "What's more, these two people have traveled a long way on the road to the upper three realms. One crosses the Tribulation Realm, and the other, tsk tsk, is full of meritorious deeds, and clearly has the merits of the Confucianism's three pillars of virtue. Looking at this battle, even the top few youngsters who have just entered the third realm Dolls are still too far behind."

Lu Caiwei looked confused.

Shen Yu looked calm.

There is that spirit monkey guarding the foot of the peak, and the fact that this guy of unknown origin can come here without a sound has already proved his ability.

He is also a monk above the upper three realms.

"I'm indeed here for you this time, but it's not the time to talk, so how about we talk in detail when the matter is over?"

The old man said sincerely.

Shen Yu nodded slightly.

Seeing this scene, Lu Caiwei was not surprised at all. She had seen too many strange things along the way, not to mention that the old man in front of her could not see any mystery.

"I haven't found it just now, what a unique seedling."

The old man turned his head suddenly, and said to Lu Caiwei with a smile: "Liu Shouyi, the poor Taoist Kunlun, I have confiscated apprentices all my life, old man, are you willing to worship me as a teacher?"

"Kunlun?"

Lu Caiwei was stunned, and subconsciously looked at Shen Yu.

These days, Guiyun Xianzong's request was first rejected, but among the nine holy places, the Yaochi Holy Land was invited first, and then the Kunlun Holy Land was favored, as if it was a dream.

Shen Yu didn't seem to hear, and didn't say a word.


The battlefield in the distance.

There was another extremely shocking collision, and even the ground below began to shake.

On the Patriarch Hall of Guiyun Xianzong, there are two rays of light of different colors colliding violently, one blue and the other purple, bursting out gorgeous light spots.

The original magnificent building was instantly destroyed by these light spots, and the surroundings were in a mess.

This sudden battle made people puzzled, but it shocked everyone.

Jiang Zhouyao's cyan Confucian shirt was already in tatters, and his skin was exposed in several places, making him look a little embarrassed.

The man opposite him looked much better, with a calm face and a domineering demeanor.

Zhong Shenluo, the head teacher of Gui Yunxian Sect, was indeed worthy of his status as the head of the sect from his appearance.

The domineering man said lightly: "Are all Confucianists so stupid to deviate from the scriptures for the sake of a fairly good disciple?"

Jiang Zhouyao smiled and said, "You don't understand my way, and Guiyun Xianzong is not your sect. As for the sages of Confucianism... If you let the master of the academy know, the head teacher will estimate your The avenue has come to an end.”

The domineering man's face changed slightly when he heard the words, knowing that he had made a mistake, he continued after a while, "Even if you have stepped into the realm of sages, you still only know some three-legged kung fu, how can you be my opponent."

"Since you still call me the head teacher, you should understand that at this time, I have the advantage."

Zhong Shenluo's eyes were full of sarcasm, and he said with disdain: "You have no chance of winning."

Afterwards, the purple awns flourished like the scorching sun in the sky, suppressing another green awn to become even more dim.

"There are always variables in the world."

Jiang Zhouyao's face was pale, but he just shook his head and said with a smile: "But I saw that slight change."

After the middle-aged scholar broke through, in that dark attic for many years, in fact, the current battle has been deduced countless times.

There are countless results on that black and white chessboard.

But no matter how he deduces and changes, he will end up missing the point.

And this move is not about the opponent, let alone the divine sense, but about Yun Qing, and the mountain-protecting beast who is dedicated to the Buddha.

Until Shen Yu appeared, these two questions seemed to have an answer.

As for Ximen Guan and his ilk, they are nothing more than a group of larger ants.

For Yun Qing, or more precisely for the woman in the green shirt who had been waiting for a hundred years in Huang Liang Yi's dream, he had actually waited a long, long time for this inexplicable battle in the eyes of others.

"Maybe I really don't know how to fight, but there is this slight change."

Jiang Zhou shook his right hand out and said seriously, "I've been waiting for it for hundreds of years, so let everything end today."

A stunning red light was on his fingertips, like a candle in the wind, and it seemed that it would disappear in the next second.

"Haha... then let's end this."

Zhong Shenluo laughed loudly, and then suddenly stepped on the ground with his right foot.

Landslides and ground cracks.

A majestic aura emanated from his body, and the night's gust of wind howled and swept in, and countless purple awns gathered into a long river of spiritual energy, heading towards the middle-aged scholar.

This is the supreme supernatural power that Guiyun Xianzong has passed down for countless years.

The Ling River galloped down in the air, and all the visible things such as buildings, debris, stumps and fallen leaves touched by it turned into nothingness in an instant.

This scene has the power of heaven that shakes the mountains and rivers.

The red light on Jiang Zhou's fingertips began to stabilize, and then burned slowly like a small flame.

If Shen Yu saw this scene, she would find that the previous spell was exactly the same as Yun Qing's previous one.

"go."

The scholar murmured softly, and the faint red light turned into light spots all over the sky, floating in the air like floating dust.

next breath.

The long river of aura collided with the light spots of the stars.

There was no earth-shattering shaking or earth-shattering changes, only the red light spots gradually dissolving the bright river of aura.

calm.

The two looked at their feet at the same time.

The dust in front of them has completely turned into nothingness, and a dark and deep hole appeared out of thin air, bottomless.

A palpitating breath surged out from the ground.

Zhong Shenluo sensed the smell of silence, and said solemnly, "If we don't stop, sooner or later, the rules of heaven will collapse and eventually turn into nothingness."

Jiang Zhouyao smiled gently, as if he didn't care.

"You want to die with me? I won't do what you want."

The domineering man suddenly flew backwards.

When the two were separated by hundreds of feet, Zhong Shenluo landed on the ground, then pointed to the sky with his right hand, and pointed to the ground with his left hand.

Jiang Zhouyao looked at this scene and turned a deaf ear to it, even a little casually.

The middle-aged scholar who had never fought with anyone coughed slightly. The temperature dropped sharply at night and his clothes were torn, so he felt a little cold.

He looked up to the sky.

Several rays of light pierced the dark night sky on the countless mountain peaks of Guiyun Xianzong, like meteors flying by, and then met above the heads of the two of them, shining brightly.

Zhong Shenluo turned his hands lightly, made a seal again, and said in a loud voice: "Faxiang Tiandi, now!"

Above the sky, wind and clouds gather.

Immediately afterwards, an immortal figure slowly appeared with a terrifying and sharp aura.

Like a temporary true immortal, this huge dharma figure sat cross-legged, with gray eyebrows, closed eyes, three spiritual flowers swirled slightly on top of his head, and five auras surrounded his body.

Like a saint.

Zhong Shenluo looked indifferent, and said: "Please go to the immortal to eliminate the demon."


The entire Guiyun Immortal Sect looked up at the sky and saw this scene, they were all shocked speechless.

The peak of Luoxian Peak.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to this.

The old Taoist Liu Shouyi sat cross-legged somewhere, and smiled, with something strange in his smile, "Relying on the Guiyun Immortal Sect's mountain guarding formation, if you let that immortal know, Even across the heavens and myriad worlds, I would have to slap this ignorant guy to death."

The old Taoist suddenly paused, and said to himself: "However, depending on his morality, this method is a bit interesting. That little scholar is probably a little dangerous."

Lu Caiwei was unexpectedly calm. Looking at the fairy figure in the sky, she always felt a little weird.

The sloppy old man couldn't bear the loneliness, so he said, "Who do you think will win?"

Shen Yu said something that Lu Caiwei thought was nonsense, "The one who should win will win."

The old Taoist thought about it seriously, and laughed loudly: "It makes sense...it makes sense."


In that quiet attic.

A woman in a green shirt sat quietly on the balcony, flipping through scattered pages.

All the ripples of spiritual energy outside before were blocked by barriers that were invisible to the naked eye outside the attic.

In the entire Guiyun Xianzong, it seems that there is only this peaceful place.

Yun Qing carefully flipped to the last page, it seemed that she had misplaced it, there were only some scattered notes of the person who wrote it, it was very random.

"Wake up a bright moon, according to my cup full of snow, I'm drunk and haven't swallowed the sea, and my sword spirit has already fallen."

"Scholars of my generation talk about the truth, discuss the general principles, and do whatever they want, so they don't exceed the rules."

"With a little bit of arrogance in your body, your heart will welcome the wind of thousands of miles."

The women in the green shirt looked down in a row, and these seemed to be written with the passage of time, and became more and more scribbled at the end, no longer paying attention to the neatness of the writing, quite a kind of wanton and free and easy after seeing through something.

The woman finally saw the last few lines, the ink was as fresh as if it had just been written.

"Scholars in the world are very sour. They have said so much, some are right and some are wrong. Just read it."

Yun Qing smiled lightly, then continued to look down.

"After studying hard for many years, the sage said that reading is sensible, but I think sometimes those big principles are annoying, especially when you care about someone."

"And at a time like this, principles and rules are useless. Even if the Taoist Buddha is in front, it should be beaten."


The majestic power of heaven and earth suppressed the scholar with a gentle smile in the arena.

Jiang Zhouyao stood in the field, facing the endless coercion, smiled lightly, waved his sleeves lightly, "Break!"

The sky and the earth burst into light.

I saw the Confucian shirt scholar fluttering his sleeves, and a phantom shadow rising from the ground behind him.

The image of the immortal was instantly wiped out.


		