

In the ninth year of Qianyuan, Guyu.

At the mountain gate of Daozong, there was a long table with pens, inks, papers and inkstones on it. Ding Yi was a little bored sitting on the chair.

These days are the time when Daozong recruits beginner disciples every ten years, and chores like keeping records naturally fall on a fourth-generation disciple with low cultivation like him.

Hearing the sound of footsteps, Ding Yi didn't raise his head, just picked up the brush on the pen stand, and dipped it in the ink.

"what is it call."

"Shen Yu"

"Native place."

"Can not remember."

Ding Yi stopped writing, and raised his head in displeasure.

The person in front of him was wearing a green shirt, and his voice was a little low at first, but unexpectedly it was a young man.

Looking at her face, she could be regarded as pretty, but those eyes were special, full of calm, so calm that one could even feel... indifferent.

Ding Yi casually filled in a place name on the paper, and said, "Walking along the Qingshi Road is where the assessment will be."


The place of assessment, next to the waterside pavilion.

A quaint bronze environment hangs on the stone platform.

From time to time, some people stepped forward, and after reaching out to touch it, the copper environment emitted light of different colors, but most of them were blue.

Shen Yu sighed softly, she didn't expect that after so many years, this method with loopholes is still in use.

"Shang Yingluo." In the water pavilion, a middle-aged man in white shouted loudly.

In the crowd, a little girl with shofar braids squeezed out. She stretched out her plump white right hand and gently touched Tongjing.

Bronze Realm emitted a dazzling light, which was cyan at first, then orange, and after a while, the orange turned into blue, and the blue light pierced straight into the sky.

As the color of the light continued to change, several voices came from the young men and women beside the water pavilion.

"Earth-level Dao body, it turned out to be an earth-level Dao body, my God."

"Tsk tsk tsk... Such a talent, in this test, it is also in the top 100."

"Top one hundred? Have you looked at the group of people who came yesterday? Compared with today's one, it's too far behind."

Among the waterside pavilions, Ming Jian, the third-generation disciple who was in charge of this entry test, nodded slightly, and he was indeed a good seed.

From a distance, Shen Yu looked at the delicate face of the little girl, and didn't care about the color change of the copper realm at all. When she saw the two croissant braids, she raised her eyebrows suddenly, as if she found something interesting .

The little girl still put her hand on the copper environment, the blue light became more and more intense, and it seemed that it would change at any time.

Ming Jian looked at this scene, a little puzzled, and then showed disbelief in his eyes.

The blue light continued to gather and disperse, but it didn't change as he expected.

The little girl's face was flushed, and she looked more and more tired when she got to the back. Every gathering and parting of the light seemed to consume her huge mind.

Seeing clearly and secretly sighing, comforting softly: "It's very good, let go."

The little girl pursed her lips, stood stubbornly and refused to let go, and did not speak.

Shen Yu watched the scene by the high platform from a distance, saw the stubborn look on her face, thought for a while, and then glanced at the quaint bronze environment.

After arriving at the square, he didn't pay attention to the bronze mirror.

This glance is a serious one.

boom.

On the bronze mirror, the bright blue light shattered, and countless streaks of purple air gradually converged, finally forming a thick purple air soaring into the sky.

There was a tsunami-like cheer from the crowd, accompanied by the excited voice of the middle-aged man in the water pavilion that had been suppressed for a long time.

"Heaven-level Dao body, Shang Yingluo."

The little girl with croissant braids stood beside the high platform with a smile, two dimples appeared on her fat baby face, but there was a trace of puzzlement in her big eyes.

For some reason, she turned her head and saw the back of the young man in green gown gradually go away.


It was the first time for Shen Yu to come to Daozong. After a long sleep, when she woke up, she realized that three thousand years had passed.

At that time, I had another name, Master Taixuan.

Under the highest peak three thousand years ago, the most powerful Ascension Tribulation in the world, Daoist Taixuan has already survived eight tribulation thunders, and only the last annihilation thunder is left to step into the legendary fairyland of longevity.

Unfortunately, everything was destroyed by a sword, a gun, and a foot.

It was also the masters of these three celestial artifacts who cut off the road to ascension, and also caused the downfall of Daoist Taixuan who had seen the Immortal Realm.

And I am the reincarnation of the remnant soul of Daoist Taixuan? Or is it the spirit possessed by the fairy Qingxuan?

Perhaps, the only way to be sure is to find the fairy artifact Qingxuan.

Later, I heard that there is a Taoist sect in the southwest, and there is a Fenbao Cliff in the Taoist sect, which contains countless spiritual treasures, so I came to have a look.

Daozong is located among the mountains in the southwest. It is one of the nine holy places where mountains and seas are desolate, and it is a holy place for countless practitioners to seek Taoism.

After crossing the square and stepping up a few steps, you came to the side of the cliff. On the other side of the cliff is the real inner gate of Taoism, guarded by a Liangyi Xuanyuan Formation.

The little girl ran to the edge of the cliff bouncing up and down, her two shofar braids bouncing up and down rhythmically.

Seeing the young man in green shirt standing in front, she approached on tiptoe, jumped up abruptly, and patted Shen Yu's shoulder, familiar as a little adult: "Hello, my name is Shang Yingluo."

Shen Yu glanced at her, but didn't speak.

"Uh..." Shang Yingluo stuck out her tongue, a little embarrassed, but said happily after a while, "Did you see that? I passed the test!"

The young man in green still didn't speak.

The little girl pursed her mouth, a little angry: "Why don't you talk."

Shen Yu showed a curious look, and asked: "Is the hatred between the human race and the demon race gone? Do the demon race dare to seek the Tao in the holy place of the human race?"

There was a rustling sound as the breeze stirred the surrounding leaves.

The second most important secret in Shang Yingluo's mind was told lightly like this, she immediately opened her mouth wide and stood aside.

"what!"

A moment later, a scream was heard, and the little girl turned her head and ran towards the distant woods at an extremely fast speed. At this time, her two braids stood upright, as if she had encountered a lamb of a ferocious beast.

Far away from the cliff, the flustered little girl stopped, looked left and right, saw a small mound of dirt, and tied it headlong, revealing only two braids.

After a while, she looked back and found that the man was still sitting quietly by the cliff, not moving at all.

The little girl tilted her head, blinked her eyes, hesitated, and finally moved over in small steps.

At a distance of seven or eight feet away from Shen Yu, she twisted her fingers and asked crisply, "Hey, why didn't you come and catch me?"

Shen Yu didn't turn her head back, and asked, "Why should I arrest you?"

The little girl looked around and said nervously, "Because... I... am not a human being."

Shen Yu glanced at the blue sky, and said calmly: "On the road to the great road, all races are pioneers."


		