

Shen Yu's figure is like a tiny black spot in front of the huge dragon, as long as it blows lightly, it can blow the boy away.

It's just that when the young man stepped onto the arch bridge, there was a trace of panic in Jiaolong's indifferent eyes.

Roar! Roar! Roar!

Jiaolong let out a louder roar this time, but Shen Yu still didn't care, walking on the bridge indifferently, turning a blind eye to the roar of the Jiaolong.

Shen Yu walked unhurriedly, and soon reached the center of the arch bridge.

Jiaolong seemed to be unable to hold back his anger any longer, jumped up high, and then bit him instantly.

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent, and he slapped him casually.

Just one palm.

Then an incredible scene happened.

A crisp applause.

The head of that dragon like a mountain was blown away in an instant, and then its huge body fell heavily on the water surface, causing countless waves to hit.

Shen Yu raised his eyes and looked down.

The huge body of Jiaolong kept tumbling on the water surface, and then slowly became smaller. As the water surface gradually calmed down, a golden carp more than ten feet long was swimming in the water. palm prints.

I saw this carp standing in the water, looking up at the young man, screaming wildly, eyes full of resentment and grievance.

Some magic.

"What a big carp, it looks like it has been cultivated for hundreds of years, and the aura is so rich and pure..."

Shen Yu looked at it and murmured: "If you eat it, the taste should not be bad..."

The golden carp seemed to understand people's words, and sank into the water in a hurry. After a while, it reappeared far away from the boy, but this time it didn't dare to bark.

"The carp jumping over the dragon's gate can transform into a dragon just now, and your illusion is really clumsy."

Shen Yu left the arch bridge and said, "Don't turn into a jiao in the future, I have killed too many real jiao in this world."


From the mountainside up, the temperature began to drop gradually. Not far away, the luxuriant foliage of the forest blocked the view, but the sound of the falling water from the waterfall could still be vaguely heard.

The boy walked into the woods.

Stepping on the ground full of fallen leaves, he slowly walked to the depths.

For a long time, Shen Yu looked at the trunk of the huge tree that seemed to be familiar to him, and frowned slightly. A white mist had risen around him, blocking his vision ten feet away.

"Formation?"

The young man looked up at the sky, and there was nothing but whiteness, only the sound of gurgling water coming from a distance.

Shen Yu thought for a while, then closed her eyes and strode forward.

This forest is full of giant trees, and there is a tree every few steps. If ordinary people walk with their eyes closed, they will definitely hit their heads and bleed.

But the strange thing is that Shen Yu didn't, and what's even more surprising is that he obviously hit the tree trunk, but he went across it.

The boy's figure continued to pass through the trunk of the giant tree, and then caused ripples in the white mist.

Shen Yu, who was flickering from left to right, seemed to be walking with mysterious steps. When he got to the back, he finally stopped his figure.

Shen Yu slowly opened his eyes, and a simple Taoist temple appeared in front of his eyes.


Shen Yu walked into the temple.

He walked very slowly, admiring the scenery of the Taoist temple bit by bit.

This temple is very ordinary, surrounded by clouds and smoke, green lights are hung in the corners, and an incense burner is in front of the main hall, without smoke and dust.

When he reached the forty-ninth step, the spiritual energy in his body suddenly became violent, and a black aura emanated from the hall.

Shen Yu saw the blood-colored long sword suspended in the main hall at a glance, with the blade facing down, emitting a blood-colored shimmer.

And in the middle, a tall Taoist sat cross-legged, with an air of dust.

"You came."

The Taoist said: "Being able to step into this view shows that your character and talent must be outstanding."

Shen Yu didn't speak, just looked at the bloody long sword.

The blood sword is called the Demon Slaying Sword, and everyone in the Taoist sect knows that this sword is the match for the sect master.

But they didn't know that this sword had slashed demons all over the world three thousand years ago, and was stained with the blood of countless Ascension Realm powerhouses in the world.

The owner of this sword is very strong, one of the strongest people on this continent.

Back then, he even thought that the owner of this sword would try to stop him from becoming enlightened, but unexpectedly, he didn't.

It's very strange, three thousand years later, this sword actually appeared in Taoist sect. Could it be that the owner of this sword has died?

The voice of the Taoist came again: "Are you willing to practice with me and step into the fairyland of immortality?"

Shen Yu looked at the Taoist and asked, "I'm curious, why did you take me into the fairyland of longevity?"

The Taoist said in a deep voice: "Tao should not be passed on lightly, just lean down and accept my true teaching."

Shen Yu said lightly: "I don't like bending over."

The Taoist seemed a little angry, his robe fluttered without any wind, and said: "Come to my mountain gate and accept my Dao, isn't it worth your bending over?"

Shen Yu nodded and said seriously: "It's not worth it."

Then, a red handle appeared in Shen Yu's hand at some unknown time, the sword light disappeared in a flash, and the immortal Taoist in front of Shen Yu collapsed and dissipated instantly.

Shen Yu is just an ordinary disciple who has just stepped into the Dao realm, while the master is already considered the most powerful practitioner in this continent, the gap between the two is vast.

However, Shen Yu drew out his sword.

This sword is very decisive and very casual.

What is surprising is that the fairy sword that is floating in the air is still floating there quietly.

"From the moment I entered the door, I realized that the censer was clean and the blue lamp was not bright. How could such a thing happen in a Taoist temple? After I saw you, I was sure that everything was fake."

Shen Yu's indifferent voice echoed in the audience. Afterwards, the entire Taoist temple turned into dust and scattered with the wind.


Shen Yu opened his eyes again.

This time, what impresses the eyes is a piece of beauty.

A small waterfall descends down the mountain, and around the misty pool below, there is a verdant bamboo forest, and countless exotic flowers and plants are planted below, and he stands among the flowers and plants.

After a slight breeze and a rustling sound, several kingfishers flew out of the bamboo forest, and there were even a few pure white and bright rabbits eating spirit grass leisurely in the forest.

Shen Yu looked up at a small house behind the bamboo forest. In the courtyard in front of the house, a man in his thirties was sitting holding a book.

She is slender and as gentle as jade.

Scholar, bamboo forest, waterfall, blue sky, and bright sunshine, the whole valley is indescribably peaceful.

Shen Yu looked at him, the man seemed to have noticed something, so he put down the scroll, turned around and looked over.

The two looked at each other.


		