

That ten thousand zhang phantom gradually appeared in Guiyun Xianzong, illuminating the dark night sky.

Like the moon rising from the sea, like the rising sun shining on the top of the mountain, its brilliance is shining brightly.

The dharma image above the sky, like a fairy in the sky, was instantly fragmented, and countless fragments of light and shadow gradually scattered in the sky, like floating snowflakes.

Lu Caiwei was shocked when she saw the huge holy statue that was almost as high as the sky and the earth in the distance.

"There are gods in everyone's heart. Seeing the truth is not the truth. It looks like a god."

On the top of the mountain, Liu Shouyi from Kunlun sighed and said: "What a Confucian way to show the sage, I was mistaken, according to what my ancestors said, you can be called a sage, I didn't expect this kid to have come here step."

Shen Yu looked into the distance, shook her head and said, "No, it's just using the method of heaven and earth feeding back itself."

field.

Zhong Shenluo looked at the scene in front of him, his face pale.

"I'm not very good at fighting. I've been looking through the sage books for a long time, and I've also learned this little trick of showing the sage in front of others. I hope I can enter the eyes of the master."

The middle-aged scholar coughed slightly and took a step forward.

The ten thousand-foot holy image behind him moved forward, followed by a light tap of the ruler.

At the top of the sky, in the very center where countless rays of light gather, there are void cracks appearing out of thin air.

Jiang Zhouyao continued: "Since it can't be broken, it can't be built, today I will completely smash Guiyun Xianzong, and then reunite."

The eyes of the Confucian saint statue were closed, and one foot fell to the ground.

Whoever said nothing is useless is a scholar.

With a radius of thousands of miles, countless formations and restrictions were shattered, cracks twisted and turned, and pavilions and palaces collapsed.

The original mountain gate soaring into the clouds was turned into a pile of ruins after the sky collapsed and the earth fell apart.

"Asshole, you are courting death."

Seeing the ruin of hundreds of years of foundation, Zhong Shenluo's eyes were red, and with boundless hatred, he went directly towards the middle-aged scholar.

The aura was tumbling, and the killing intent was all over the sky, like a stormy sea.

Jiang Zhouyao's face was indifferent, and he pointed with his right hand lightly.

The icon above his head took another step.

Boom!

Immediately, a huge footprint sunk hundreds of feet deep into the ground formed on the ground.

Zhong Shenluo prostrated himself on the ground, and was trampled under the feet of that huge figure.

Jiang Zhouyao walked in slowly step by step, finally stood in front of the other party, and said calmly: "Today, I will abolish your cultivation base, exempt you from the position of head teacher, and then imprison you for a hundred years, and you will not be able to practice in this life."

Zhong Shenluo lay on the ground, bleeding from all seven orifices, no longer the domineering Wushuang before, and roared: "I am the head teacher of Guiyun Xianzong, what qualifications do you have to abolish me?"

"By the last suzerain's will!"

"Let me shake the boat!"

"Just because I belong..."

The scholar wanted to say some reasons, but suddenly he covered his mouth with his right hand, and let go after a while, his palm was already covered with scarlet.

At this moment of trance, Zhong Shenluo erupted with majestic aura, knocked away the left foot of the holy statue, and fled to the distant sky in embarrassment.

Jiang Zhou shook his face pale, shook his head and said, "If you have no intention of repenting, then go to die!"

All the spiritual power in the surrounding sky gathered in the right hand of the ten thousand-zhang holy statue holding the ruler, dazzling like a bright red sun.

The fiery red ruler slammed at the figure in the distance.

Zhong Shenluo felt the majestic and extremely destructive aura, and he couldn't care about anything else, and he shouted into the air, "Help me!"

In the sky far away from Guiyun Xianzong, there is a mysterious and dark black lotus floating, no matter how the surrounding wind and clouds are surging, it looks like a pool of stagnant water.

At this moment, Hei Lian started to move, and arrived in front of Zhong Shenluo almost in an instant.

The weird and gloomy Hei Lian lowered the ruler at the last moment.

The sky shook violently.

boom!

The two back off each other.

The light and shadow of the ten thousand-zhang holy statue of Confucianism dimmed a lot in an instant.

As if the black lotus platform had gained the upper hand, the edge between the sky and the earth was finally completely replaced by that black shadow, and the cold and murderous atmosphere permeated the sky and the earth.

A stalwart man appeared on top of the black lotus at some point, with black hair fluttering, lips scarlet like blood, and a faint contemptuous smile at the corner of his mouth.

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly.

"Mr. really lives up to his reputation. To see you today, you are truly lucky. It's a pity..."

The sudden stalwart man glanced at the crumbling holy statue, and said with a smile: "The training time is too short, and there will be some gaps in the end if we forcefully improve the realm with talent and lifespan."

Jiang Zhouyao looked indifferent, and said: "The land of Qianchuan, the name of Mingcao, I have heard of it for a long time."

The stalwart man sensed the subtle changes in the world, raised his eyebrows and said: "Since you know my name, you still want to fight with me? But do you know that if you show yourself in front of people for half an hour, you will die completely?" .”

There was a mocking smile on the corner of the man's mouth, "I remember that Confucianism often says that a gentleman should not stand under a dangerous wall."

Scholar Jiang Zhou shook his head and laughed loudly: "My Confucian sages once said that although there are tens of millions of people, I will go!"


Falling fairy peak.

The old Kunlun Taoist Liu Shouyi, who seemed to stay out of it, sneered: "What a land of thousands of rivers, dare to be so arrogant in my East Ancestral State, really don't take my Kunlun Holy Land seriously."

The old man took a step forward and came to the sky almost instantly.

The three of them present a tripod.

The respected man in the land of Qianchuan raised his eyebrows and said with a smile, "I didn't expect Daoist Liu of Kunlun to be here too. Could it be that you want two against one?"

"Fart, do you think I'm the same as you?"

Liu Shouyi rolled his eyes and said brazenly, "We are three against one."

The air moved slightly, and a monkey with a majestic treasure appeared behind the man in an instant, cutting off his retreat.

Rao was the well-known Ming Cao in the land of thousands of rivers, his face changed slightly when he saw this scene.

In the small world, not counting Zhong Shenluo, who was seriously injured and has no fighting strength, there are four great practitioners above the third realm!

If he really let go of his hands and feet to separate life and death, most of Dongzu Prefecture would collapse.

The stalwart man whispered, "Let's go."

Zhong Shenluo looked at the ruins under his feet, and a flash of heartache flashed in his heart. After so much effort, it was completely destroyed.

As soon as he gritted his teeth, he still galloped towards the distance again.

"Want to run?"

Veteran Liu Shou let out a yell and stretched out his right hand.

"town!"

In the world, a talisman composed of aura appeared.

The name is Zhenshan.

Above the nine heavens, a majestic mountain descended from the sky.

With a thought in Jiang Zhouyao's mind, the icon that was about to scatter indistinctly shot out the ruler again.

Thousands of Buddha lights appeared behind the monkey protecting the mountain, and it also punched forward, and the flames were soaring.

Facing the joint attack of the great monks of the three religions, the powerful man from the land of Qianchuan hid himself in the black lotus platform, and then countless black mist surged out.

He didn't dodge, and in order to delay the time, he actually planned to resist the blow of the three of them.

Boom!

The four streams of qi converged and intertwined with each other, and countless beams of brilliant light like fireworks emanated from the sky and the earth. As soon as these beams of light touched the broken rocks and ruins on the ground, they instantly turned into nothingness.

The lotus platform that was constantly tumbling and surging with black mist also absorbed most of the offensive, and a muffled hum came from inside.

A moment later, with the power of the three spiritual forces, he flew out backwards, and was already thousands of miles away in an instant.

"The future will be long, this time I will remember it, hahaha..." Wanton laughter came from the sky.

Looking at this scene, Liu Shouyi jumped up and cursed: "These bastards have nothing but the best ability to escape."

The spirit monkey clasped his hands together and remained silent.

Jiang Zhouyao sighed and said, "Unfortunately, if there is a sword cultivator in the upper three realms, he will be seriously injured even if he does not die."

As soon as the words fell, the phantom behind him disappeared with the wind.

The old Taoist glanced at him and said, "It's okay?"

The middle-aged scholar said with a faint smile, "I can't die."

Liu Shouyi shook his head, and finally sighed helplessly.


The direction in which the two figures fled is very interesting, from north to south.

And Shen Yu was standing on the top of the peak, just in time to see the two embarrassed figures passing not far in front of him.

Like a shooting star.

One is the Six Cases Meritorious Cao of Qianchuan Land, and the other is the head teacher of Guiyun Xianzong. They are both immortal figures in the mouth of ordinary people, so even if they saw the low-level disciple not far away, they didn't care at all. .

Shen Yu said, "Stand back a little."

Lu Caiwei was taken aback for a moment, then realized something, she was radiant, and ran back quickly.

Shen Yu breathed a sigh of relief, and her spiritual power began to vibrate.

He raised his arm and pointed into the distance.

A jasper sword spun slightly in front of his fingertips.

Sword up.

There is a sword in Sword Immortal City, named Wanwukong. A long time ago, after a female sword fairy was instructed by someone, she observed life and death in the world and got this sword.

After a breath.

Without the slightest wave, the green light of Xilu's hair came out from the top of the peak.

Zhong Shenluo, who thought he had escaped and ascended to heaven, suddenly turned his head, his face turned pale as he could no longer mobilize the spiritual power in his body, and murmured: "No..."

Qianchuan Mingcao, who was hidden all over the black lotus platform, raised his hand in an instant, but it was in vain.

Because this sword is too fast, it is too fast to block it.

He even felt that even those solitary sword cultivators in Sword Immortal City would not be able to use such a method.

Of course, the most important reason was that the breath of the sword targeted Zhong Shenluo, who had exhausted his spiritual power and was seriously injured.

So, with a flash of light, a tiny blood flower appeared on Zhong Shenluo's chest, and then three, ten...

The sword glow erupted in Zhong Shenluo's body, and countless blood flowers scattered like rain of blood.

The Bell God landed in mid-air and let out a miserable howl.

Ming Cao in the land of Qianchuan was shaken, and his eyes looked where Feijian came from.

"Ascension Realm? Or Wonderland?"

Ming Cao, who can be said to be the most famous land of thousands of rivers in the world, was covered in cold sweat, like falling into an ice cellar.

At that moment just now, he felt a terrifying killing intent that could only be felt by a few people in the world.

After a while.

The killing intent dissipated, and Zhong Shenluo's body turned into a rain of blood.

There was only an ordinary young man in green shirt looking at him in the rain of blood.


		