

In the early morning, a cave in Qingcuiping Linya.

Shang Yingluo's mansion lay on her stomach and fell asleep. After the little girl was brought here a year ago, she deliberately chose a cave near the cliff, and there was a similar one next to it. No one lived at this time. Who did the little girl specially leave for.

From the tall emerald pine trees outside the cave, there was a crisp chirping of colorful birds.

The little girl woke up, turned over and jumped out of bed, came to the entrance of the cave and pushed open the stone gate.

After the rain in the empty mountain, the morning sun slanted in.

The little girl was just about to stretch, when she suddenly said pleasantly, "Hey, Shen Yu!"

Shang Yingluo's eyes widened, and she looked at the young man standing outside the door with joy.

Shen Yu was wet all over, with rain dripping from his hair, and his face was a little pale, but even though he was a little embarrassed, the boy's body was still upright, standing like a peak.

Shen Yu glanced at her and walked straight into the cave without saying a word.

The little girl was very thoughtful, and although she hadn't seen him for several months, she still felt that his mood was a little low, which made the little girl happy and curious, not knowing what happened.

Shen Yu sat on the chair, dazed in a daze.

Shang Yingluo closed the stone gate and trotted all the way to the opposite side of the boy, curiously asked: "How do you know I live here?"

"breath."

"You look in a bad mood."

"generally."

"When did you come?"

"last night."

"Is there no arrangement for your cave?"

"No."

Shang Yingluo always felt that something must have happened to Shen Yu, and seeing his embarrassed appearance, she said, "Then why didn't you come in, it rained heavily last night."

"You know it's raining..."

Shen Yu's tone finally changed slightly, and he said seriously: "I summoned you three times and knocked on Shichen's door for one hour."

"what."

Shang Yingluo blinked her eyes, thinking what happened?

She has always been familiar with sleeping, and it seems that she heard a knock on the door last night, but at that time she was dreaming beautifully and didn't want to wake up.

The little girl finally understood the little emotion Shen Yu felt when she entered the door.

But remembering that a young man who has always been quiet in the ancient well would have such resentment, Shang Yingluo felt very happy again, and smiled with crooked eyebrows.

Shen Yu snorted and poured a cup of tea on her own.


Shang Yingluo went out and brought back some belongings of inner disciples, as well as a jade talisman to open the cave.

After Shen Yu accepted it, she asked, "When will I enter Fenbaoya?"

After returning from the square, Shen Yu felt that he had to hurry up and find the fairy artifact Tianxuan as soon as possible.

Daozong still has many questions. What happened three thousand years ago?

"After I came here, I have practiced here every day. Even Jiang Shaoqiu and those guys have come here, but no one cares about us, so I don't know when."

Speaking of this, the little girl was a little excited again: "However, when I went to get the jade talisman just now, an elder in charge of the Taoist sect told me that someone will be arranged to guide us in three days, and it is very likely that we It's a coincidence that you came directly to Fenbaoya."

Shen Yu said indifferently: "Coincidence? Things in the world are never so coincidental."

three days later.

Shang Yingluo led him to the Chuanfa Pavilion on the top of the peak. The little girl was no longer afraid of being seen as her identity, and she was bouncing around happily all the way.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, but walked slowly on the mountain path.

On the day of the entrance exam, the fresh air that was sent to the little girl was actually his true meaning of Dao, and it was nothing to cover up the demonic aura on her body with the true meaning of Dao.

The true meaning of the Dao contained in the innate Taoist body is pure and majestic, but no one knows it except himself.

When I came to Chuanfa Pavilion, I saw a few familiar people, Jiang Shaoqiu, Liang Shi, Liu Yiyi, Ye Zhiqiu...

In this generation, about thirty or so disciples stood out from the outer sect and became the inner disciples of the Dao Sect.

Seeing the handsome young man enter the pavilion, the noisy scene suddenly became silent.

Among the two peaks of Cuizhu Peak and Yunwu Peak, almost everyone knows Shen Yu's name.

"Shen Yu!"

The handsome Ye Zhiqiu was in the middle of the crowd. After seeing Shen Yu, his original smile was filled with frost. He clenched his fists and got up to seek revenge from him.

Shen Yu glanced at him, but she remembered this person, so she said, "Not convinced?"

Speaking of which, in the entire hall, the few people with the highest cultivation had seen or personally experienced the boy's Sap that day, so no one dared to refute when they heard this.

Ye Zhiqiu's face changed slightly, he rubbed the back of his head, feeling a sense of fear in his heart, but he was extremely proud and unwilling to back down, just when he was about to say some harsh words, a fairy-like old man appeared outside the door, the old man slowly Weave through the crowd.

Everyone looked sideways.

Shen Yu, on the other hand, was slightly moved, and secretly sighed that the Taoist sect paid so much attention to the practice of this generation of disciples.

"Today I am here to teach you some knowledge about cultivation."

The old man sat upright above Chuanfa Pavilion, looked at the crowd, and said with a smile in an old voice: "My name is Daoxuan."

Hearing this name, the disciples in the pavilion looked at each other in blank dismay. They couldn't believe that it was him who came here today.

Master Daoxuan of the Yanfa Palace, one of the four highest-ranking members of the Taoist sect, is one of the most famous monks in the entire world, and some people say that he is also the senior brother in charge.

Such a person who reaches the sky personally instructed these new disciples to practice, which made everyone very excited, and the Taoist sect really attached great importance to them.

"Speaking of which, it took you two years to step into the Taoist realm, and you are considered to have outstanding talents in the Taoist sect that has been passed down for more than 3,000 years."

"I know that your thoughts are all in Fenbao Cliff at this time, hoping to obtain the inheritance of a certain spiritual treasure."

"However, entering the Tao is only the beginning of your practice. Even if you get the natal spirit treasure, it can only be said that your beginning is a little better than others."

The voice of the old man was not loud, but it was clear, every word and every sentence hit everyone's heart, like a blow to the head.

The disciples didn't dare to have any pride anymore, and all of them sat upright with extremely respectful expressions, hoping to leave some good impressions on the old man, and it is possible that this great figure of the Taoist sect will become his mentor one day.

Even the arrogant Ye Zhiqiu and the eccentric Shang Yingluo were the same.

Only Shen Yu sat alone, wandering off.

"In ancient times, the sages of our human race opened up the territory and fought against the demons of the northern border and the demons of the southern barbarians. For countless years, a prosperous age of cultivation began."

"My Taoist sect is now ranked among the nine holy places in the Mountain Sea Spirit Desolation Continent, and it is the number one sect in the world, surpassing Qingdi City."

"The practice of the human race has been passed down to the present. There are nine realms, which are divided into upper, middle and lower realms. Speaking of time, it’s a bit early for you.”

"Golden Core Realm, as the name suggests, the dantian spiritual liquid is condensed into pills, and the pills are divided into nine grades, with the nine as the most respected."

"The Realm of the Hole, Golden Core Pregnancy, Insight into the True Meaning, Exploring the Rules of Heaven and Earth, Endless Life."

"Fantasy Wandering Boundary, where the yin and spirit come out and the mind travels thousands of miles, without restraint."

"As for the combined body state, the yin god and the yang god are combined into one, and the Tao and meaning are fused together."

"As for the upper three realms, when you reach the real cave realm, you will naturally know it. At this time, you must remember that the road to practice is bumpy, and you must not be lazy, proud, or shrink back. Only in this way can you survive the long years of practice. lose yourself."

The old man's tone was calm, but to everyone's ears, he sounded like a grand bell, setting off huge waves in everyone's heart.

"Follow the real person's teachings." Everyone said in unison with expressions on their faces.

Shang Yingluo tugged at Shen Yu's sleeve, and said in a low voice, "What are the upper three realms?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Crossing the catastrophe, ascending, immortal."

The little girl glanced at the old man on the stage and asked: "What state is Daoxuan Daoxuan at now?"

Shen Yu said: "It's vaguely about... to enter the Ascension Realm."

"Amazing!"

Shang Yingluo opened her mouth wide and looked at Master Daoxuan with admiration, but was surprised that Shen Yu knew these things.

In the little girl's heart, if all the strange things happened to Shen Yu, it would be a normal thing.

The real person on the stage glanced around for a week, stroked his beard and said with a smile: "One month later, Daozong will start the trip to Fenbaoya ahead of schedule. Having a natal Lingbao is also a major matter of cultivation. I hope you will do your best."

After getting the exact news from the master of the Yanfa Palace, everyone's full expectations finally came true, and there was a burst of uncontrollable cheers from the crowd.

For these young people who have just entered the Tao, it is really exciting to have a spirit treasure of their own.

The old man has no airs, and answers some of the disciples' practice questions one by one, which makes everyone look forward to the Yanfa Temple even more, and can't wait to join it immediately.

Several hours later, the sermon finally ended, and the old man got up from the crowd and walked towards a certain corner.

Under the surprised eyes of everyone, Daoxuan came to Shen Yu.

"This time, I'm actually here mainly for you."

The old man went on to say: "I am still the same as before. After the trip to Fenbaoya, if you want, you can practice with me."

Shen Yu nodded slightly and said, "I will consider it."

"Okay, I'm looking forward to what kind of Lingbao you can get from Fenbaoya."

The old man smiled and patted the boy on the shoulder, then walked out of the gate.

Shen Yu then left Chuanfa Pavilion with Shang Yingluo, leaving only a group of stunned disciples.


		