

Guiyun Xianzong will hold a sect grand ceremony recently.

Because the third floor of the academy is about to open in a year, the sect will select the best disciples to go to Zhongzhou to observe.

But all famous sects above Linghuang will be proud to go to the academy, the southern barbarian demon land, and the northern foreign land.

Especially when fifty years ago, a young disciple who was not a well-known sect defeated the leader of the Holy Land of that generation in front of the three-story building of the academy, and became famous all over the world for a while.

Guiyun Xianzong, as the first-class sect in Dongzu Prefecture, naturally wanted to publicize such a big event. Other major sects such as Xijian sect and Qingyun sect sent people to watch the ceremony.

But among the letters sent in advance that surprised Guiyun Xianzong the most, there was a jade talisman that stood out the most.

The jade talisman has only two characters, but it may be one of the most important numbers in the world.

Because those two characters are Daozong.

This Jade Talisman of Communication even alarmed several big figures who belonged to Yunxianzong.

The Nine Great Sacred Lands want to come here to transcend the world and stand aloft, even a big sect like Guiyun Xianzong definitely doesn't have the strength to make them pay special attention.

This time, why?

The elder Ximenguan, who had just returned to Xianzong, heard the news, but didn't take it very seriously.

First, he lost the magic weapon of the sect in Pingyao Town, and then his particularly valued apprentice was abolished on the spot, and he still hasn't got any clues about the culprit. These things really disturbed him too much.

The breeze blew away the old man's silver hair, but it couldn't blow away the gloom in his heart.

He suddenly said: "Your junior brother has become a useless person, my hope now is on you, don't let me down."

Yun Qing, who was dressed in a fur lake green shirt, stood behind with a calm expression, nodded and turned to leave.

When the mountain wind blew, the woman was like a fairy in the forest, her clothes fluttering, and countless disciples around her cast admiring glances.

Yun Qing knew what Master meant, and hoped that she could win the first place in the grand ceremony of returning to Yunxianzong, and strive to achieve something in the trip to the academy a year later.

But she secretly sighed in her heart.

It's not that this matter is too difficult, but that her master underestimated her.

Because her mind has never been put on a little Guiyun Xianzong, what she wants in her heart is the way of longevity, and she has achieved something in the academy, and what she wants is the baptism of the saints in the academy.

Yun Qing walked to a deep and quiet courtyard, raised her head slightly, and white mist slowly began to float in those deep eyes, and countless subtle spiritual powers poured into them from the sky and the earth. His eyes are like a bright moon on the sea.

In the small courtyard, there was another vision change.

When she was nine years old, she discovered a change in her pupils. Yun Qing didn't know why this talent appeared, and she couldn't find a single word about this phenomenon after searching through ancient books.

But since she has these eyes, she can see all the illusions within a thousand miles.

She didn't tell anyone about this sensational ability, including her master.

Very early on, she knew that there was no one in Guiyun Xianzong who was her fellow traveler on the road trip.

Yun Qing closed her eyes slightly, and then returned to the original state when she opened them.

Because of these eyes, she sees through many things in the world, some beautiful and some ugly.

The way the teacher looked at her, the disgusting thoughts of the master, and the common sense of everyone of her generation.

Looking at the flowers on horseback these years is like looking at the scenery, and everyone can see it at a glance.

Because I have seen too much, I don't want to be with them, I just want to look at the higher scenery.

The only thing that makes her interesting is that Ruoda Guiyun Xianzong, the man who treats her most innocently is her junior brother Yang Yiqing who has always been cynical.

So even if you don't like this person, you are willing to avenge him.

No one else could notice those two guys sneaking up behind them, but she, Yun Qing, could always see clearly.


Three days later, early in the morning.

The gates of the entire Guiyun Xianzong Mountain were opened wide, and at the same time, there were bursts of vigorous bells on the Yingke Peak.

Although the official ceremony will be held tomorrow, many guests have already come one after another.

In the distance, rainbow lights flashed from time to time, and countless guests of different ages poured into Guiyun Immortal Sect's path to immortality.

Not only practitioners can come, even some ordinary royal families are also eligible to watch this 'immortal event'.

Shen Yu and Lu Caiwei swaggered into the mountain gate with the crowd.

In the past three days, their efforts were not in vain.

Elder Quzheng, who had returned to Yunxianzong, passed away, and his body was buried on a remote peak called Xianluo Peak in the sect.

The two came here after waiting until late at night, and then saw the mountain peak.

It is steep and steep, and it is difficult for ordinary people to go up. The afterglow of the setting sun is reflected around the mountain peak, exuding endless loneliness.

Many immortal elders and deacons are buried here, many of them were once dazzling geniuses of an era, but now they are all turned into dust.

Only a small dirt bag was left.

There were only a few low-level disciples guarding this place, and Shen Yu didn't hesitate to let them discover his traces, so he knocked them out casually.

When walking to the foot of the mountain, Shen Yu suddenly stopped.

Lu Caiwei was stunned, and asked, "Will it be troublesome?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "No, you can stay up there all night."

When Lu Caiwei's figure completely disappeared into the distance, Shen Yu turned her head and looked towards the foot of the mountain.

A Qiu Hulu appeared in the forest.

Shen Yu looked indifferent.

The other party found them, and Shen Yu knew it a long time ago.

Before coming here, he had already prepared for the fight, but since the opponent did not move unexpectedly, he didn't think too much about it.

As for what conspiracy and tricks he would encounter when he came to Guiyun Xianzong, or whether he was a strong person in the upper three realms, Shen Yu never cared about it.

Some things are engraved in the bones, no matter how many times they are reborn, they will not change.

As night fell slowly, the eyes of the two finally met.

Yun Qing recalled the meeting in Pingyao Ancient Town, and said, "I didn't think I was wrong."

Shen Yu asked: "Only one person?"

The woman raised her head slightly, and said with a smile, "Not enough?"

Shen Yu looked into her eyes, was silent for a while, and said lightly, "Yes."

"You have a big tone."

The woman closed her eyes slightly.

The green shirt fluttered, and countless spiritual powers gathered in the mountains instantly, and brilliant rays of light began to appear around the woman in the green shirt.

Most of the female monks in the world like all kinds of beautiful things, such as fighting with others, and the spirit treasures and swords they use all have a unique beauty of women.

Shen Yu looked over at this moment and sighed slightly.


		