

After a day, there was news.

Yu Wenwen finally became the winner of this competition, and also became the only candidate to represent Daozong to the academy two years later.

Afterwards, the news spread throughout the entire Spirit Desolation Continent.

It's just that all of this and the subsequent turmoil have nothing to do with Shen Yu.

Shen Yu returned to Daoyuan Sacred Hall and Feilai Peak, asked Su Moji and Daofan Daoist many questions that had not been mentioned before, got some answers, and then prepared to leave Daozong again.

The path he wants to take is naturally different from that of these young disciples.

Flying to the top of the peak, Shen Yu stood by the cliff and looked at the sky silently.

After talking with Su Mo in the past two days, he discovered that there were many major events three thousand years ago that were not recorded and passed down.

The saints of the Three Religions, the heads of the Nine Holy Lands, and the well-known figures Shen Yu knew at that time all disappeared completely.

There are no rumors, only a few words in some dilapidated ancient books.

This time period seems to have been erased from the long river of time abruptly, without a trace.

According to Su Mo, Shen Yu was not the only one who had this problem, and even several sub-sages in the academy were puzzled.

So in the three-story building with countless books in the academy, some people called that period of time the Lost Age.

After Shen Yu knew this information, the doubts in his heart were not resolved, but even more confused, because he was a person who came step by step from that era.

At that time, the three races of human, demon, and demon stood together, countless favored sons of heaven were born, and the elders and sages never grew old. It was a brilliant era.

Just why it disappeared all of a sudden.

Shen Yu slowly clenched the fist behind her back, feeling a premonition in her heart.

Something more terrifying must have happened after his death, and this incident has a crucial relationship with him being attacked and being able to be reborn.

"Take it easy."

Su Mo also stood on the edge of the cliff at some point, and said gently: "It will be better to practice in Taoism for a few more years."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "The progress of my practice is the same everywhere, but there are too many things I have to figure out."

He wants to go to the Nine Great Sacred Lands, some places in his memory, maybe he can remember more things, and then find the fairy artifact Tianxuan, maybe find the Tianxuan artifact spirit, and then he can reveal the origin of the three people .

That period of dissipated era may also be revealed.

Now that Tianxuan is not in Dao Sect, he will naturally look for it elsewhere.

Another reason is that his realm is still too low, and the opponents he faces in the future will be infinitely stronger than he is now.

If you practice step by step, it is really not suitable for you, it is too slow.

Su Mo said: "There are more books in the world on the third floor of the academy, maybe you can find what you want, little junior brother."

Shen Yu nodded, and suddenly asked: "Lu Wenyu seems to be very familiar with Senior Brother?"

Lu Wenyu's eye contact with Su Mo several times before naturally could not escape Shen Yu's eyes, and Su Mo seemed to be familiar with the academy, which aroused Shen Yu's curiosity.

Su Mo said with a smile: "I read a lot of books in the academy when I was young, so I know them well."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

There is naturally a reason why the head disciple of Daozong was able to enter the holy place of the academy with such a grandeur, even in such a young grade.

It's just that Su Mo didn't say much, and Shen Yu didn't ask.

It was cold in early spring, and the grass on the peak was still covered with some frost.

Su Mo raised his head and said with emotion: "I don't know when the master will leave the customs."

Shen Yu looked up at the sky, and it was said that above the peak of Feilai was a blessed place, and the person who was said to be the first practitioner in the world practiced in seclusion.

With Song Nu's breakthrough from the Qingdi City, the two people's covenant on the road is getting closer, and the world is full of uproar because of this.

Countless people are waiting with wide-eyed eyes for this pinnacle battle that is destined to be recorded in the annals of history.

Shen Yu said, "I'm leaving tomorrow."

Su Mo asked, "How long will it take?"

Shen Yu was silent for a while, and said, "It should be a few years."

Su Mo smiled and said, "Then remember to tell them all."

Shen Yu nodded.

The second day, early morning.

Dao Fan Dao Fan came, and Yang Liu cleaned up and saluted Shen Yu with tears in his eyes, and even stuffed a lot of common bank notes, saying that these things are very useful after entering the WTO.

Su Mo gave a ring, which is a square inch, and there is probably a room in it, which is suitable for storing things.

As the sun rose, Shen Yu walked down the mountain with smooth but firm steps.

Looking at Shen Yu's straight back, Su Mo sighed and said, "Junior Junior Brother is really a free and easy person, he has no distractions and acts calmly."

Yang Liu's eyes were watery, with a look of reluctance.

Su Mo looked at her appearance, and joked with a smile: "But a free and easy person will have no friends."

Dao Fan said with regret: "I still feel a little pity that I gave up the baptism of the saint in the academy."

The baptism of the academy is the best way to improve the realm of practice. In Daofan's opinion, Shen Yu's decision to make such a decision is really a bit hasty.

Su Mo stood with his hands behind his back, looked at the sea of ​​clouds in the sky, and said lightly: "Who can foresee the future, the matter of chance, after all, it is all about following one's heart."


Shen Yu flew all the way on the blue luan bird.

One person and one bird soared straight up. It was only early in the morning at this time, and not many disciples appeared. This time, Shen Yu didn't disturb anyone when he descended the mountain.

Occasionally, I met a few people who recognized the colorful spirit beast, and their eyes were full of admiration and envy, thinking that this time I don't know what big event Senior Brother Shen Yu is going to do.

It's just that they didn't know that this time they went down the mountain, and they estimated that they would travel for many years before returning.

Last night, Shen Yu took up a pen and wrote a few letters for an unprecedented time, which should be delivered to them today.

Shen Yu is not used to saying goodbye, this is a very boring thing.

In his opinion, leaving quietly was the best, but it didn't seem to be as he wished.

The woman in red stands at the gate of Daozong Mountain.

Shen Yu called the blue luan bird, landed on the ground and said, "Why are you here?"

"You should say something else." Yu Wenwen looked at him and said, "Little Martial Uncle will be very sad like this."

Shen Yu said: "I wrote a letter, and you should be able to receive it today."

Yu Wenwen didn't continue to talk about this question, and asked: "Want to travel?"

Every young disciple of Daozong will go down the mountain after reaching a certain level of practice. One is to practice hard behind closed doors, and the other is to increase knowledge and experience. That's why there is such a question.

Shen Yu remembered something Dao Fan just mentioned, nodded and said, "Almost."

Yu Wenwen said lightly: "In two years, I will go to Zhongzhou Academy."

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said: "It seems that the Academy will lead a team to the Great Wall of the North after every baptism, so I will go to see it in two years, and see you then."

"Okay." Yu Wenwen nodded.

Shen Yu whistled at the blue luan bird in the distance, and then the spirit beast flew back to the Yuan Temple by itself, while he walked towards the outside of the mountain gate.

"I'm already at the late stage of the Immortal Ascension Boundary."

Yu Wenwen said suddenly: "If you are slower, you may not be able to beat me."

Shen Yu didn't look back, just smiled slightly, and waved lightly with her back turned.


		