

Living high in the temple, and then worrying about the world first, is the pursuit of life.

Traveling in the rivers and lakes, holding a sword in green shirts, and being a chivalrous man, is another big dream of young people.

Which teenager has never dreamed of walking the world with a sword.

A few years ago in the corner of the village, he met a man reeking of alcohol who came from out of town, and he saw the spear on his back at a glance.

That scruffy man with stubble on his face later lived in the village. He only had two hobbies on weekdays. One was drinking and the other was gambling. Fortunately, he had no other bad hobbies. The villagers were simple and gradually agreed with him. This foreign man.

After getting acquainted with the man, Qingshan stole a few cans of rice wine and two hangs of bacon from the house after the latter's instigation, and then exchanged them for the spear on the other's back. Then, when he returned home, he was beaten to death by his parents.

But when he was beaten, the boy still held the spear tightly, and he was still happy.

"My family thinks I'm an eyesore at home, god, can I practice my gun here?"

Aoyama asked cautiously.

Shen Yu opened her eyes and looked at the spear in the opponent's hand for a long time, then closed her eyes again and hummed softly.

After getting the answer, Qingshan picked up the spear and walked to the open space next to him.

After a while, there was a whistling sound in the open space.

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly, and opened her eyes silently at some point.

Qingshan has not had any special instruction or practice, but his marksmanship at this moment is extremely ethereal, not supernatural, but much better than ordinary countrymen and even famous Jianghu masters.

Qingshan kept waving the gun in his right hand, following the pace of his feet, like a vigorous swimming dragon.

People in the village can't see the fame, they only think that the little guy's spear is pleasing to the eye, but if the fairy sects outside see it, they will definitely treat it as a genius.

A chickadee flew over the eaves in the distance, flapping its wings and making bursts of singing.

With a thought in his mind, the young man suddenly slapped the end of the gun with his left hand, and shouted like a ghost, "Go."

The spear turned into a straight line in mid-air, and the tip of the spear cut half a fist-sized tit in half, and then nailed it fiercely to the wall.

Qingshan trotted over to retract the spear, with an unconcealable joy on his face.

"Who taught you marksmanship?"

Shen Yu asked suddenly.

Qing Shan scratched his head shyly, and said: "The uncle in the wine shop at the entrance of the village."

Shen Yu said, "What's your name?"

Qingshan was a little embarrassed, and said: "I don't know, uncle is not from the village, and he never mentioned his name."

Shen Yu hummed lightly.

Qingshan stretched his neck, and asked cautiously: "God, what do you think of my spear training? Do you have any talent?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "It's too fancy, too empty."

Qing Shan felt a little lost, and let out a soft oh.

Shen Yu looked at the sky, was silent for a while, and said, "I'll teach you a few moves."

"But there are conditions."

"what?"

"Study hard."

"it is good!"

The boy froze for a moment, then nodded like a chicken pecking at rice.

time flies.

The sun had completely set from the west, and the mountains and forests were suddenly dark.

Until late at night, Qing Shan finally left the house with a spear on his back, his expression tired, but his eyes were extraordinarily excited.

Shen Yu quietly looked at the back of the other party going away.

He didn't look at the boy, but at the spear on the boy's back.

There is a gun intent on the gun, and it is unparalleled in domineering.

But more importantly, the gun intent attached to the gun made Shen Yu feel a little uncomfortable.

There is a world-defying spear, but it has a ghostly and ghostly cold aura.


There is a restaurant in the east of the village, and there is a scruffy man with a bored face lying in it.

The business here has always been deserted, because the wine here is too rough, and there are few people drinking. The most important thing is that men never care about the business of wine shops. They often drink enough by themselves. If there is any left, they will sell it. Go to the town tens of miles away from the village to gamble, lose everything and come back.

Therefore, the tourists and merchants who come and go from the mountains all leave in a huff. For a long time, there are only a few kind-hearted neighbors who will buy some wine to take care of their business.

No one knew where this man who was eating and waiting to die came from and what his name was.

In the whole village, perhaps only Qing Shan, who trotted to the wine shop at this moment, knew something.

For a long time, Qingshan felt that this middle-aged man might also be a fairy.

Because ten years ago, the middle-aged uncle, like the fairy who came a few days ago, fell from the sky and smashed the whole mountain, but he is still alive and kicking.

"See what I'm doing?"

The slovenly man who was sitting halfway on the chair looked at the kid in front of him and asked impatiently.

Qingshan smiled, "Uncle, a fairy came to the village a few days ago, and taught me some marksmanship yesterday."

The man was not interested at all, and yawned on his own.

Qing Shan hesitated for a moment, and said: "I accidentally leaked that you taught me spear skills."

Without raising his head, the man said calmly, "Clean up the house."

Qing Shan smiled, nodded, and skillfully picked up the broom to clean the restaurant.

Anyway, in these years, these small things are basically done by him.

The middle-aged man lost his sleepiness, sat up and remained silent for a while, then suddenly asked, "Why did he ask you to practice guns?"

Qing Shan shook his head and said, "I don't know, but he said..."

The man said impatiently, "Hey and haw, like a woman, let go of your fart."

Qing Shan frowned and said: "I don't know why, but he finally told me that there are thousands of changes in the spear technique, but it's just one trend."

The boy then scratched his head and sighed, "But I don't understand."

"That sentence was addressed to me."

The middle-aged man said lightly: "Oh, that's a very bold tone."

Qing Shan's eyes widened, and he said in puzzlement, "Why? He doesn't know you."

"Stop talking nonsense, show me the marksmanship he taught you."


"Playing the piano randomly, this kind of marksmanship looks full of momentum, but the strength is soft and girl-like, what kind of great way can it be."

"Oh, this formula is a bit interesting, it's barely usable."

"Hey, tsk tsk, there really is a big guy here."

The middle-aged man changed his usual taciturn temperament and started chattering.

Marksmanship practice is over.

The middle-aged man was silent, finally pouted his lips, and said disdainfully: "It's the same way as those stinky Taoist priests who can only talk about Taoism, but the true meaning of Taoism is to understand the mystery, the way of the world, there is no difference between strong and weak, Lao Tzu Dao is no worse than them."

Although Qingshan was a little puzzled, he wasn't too surprised, but talking about the way of guns always aroused a lot of interest from the other party.

The middle-aged man suddenly slapped the table and shouted: "Qingshan."

The boy trembled with fright and said, "Yes."

"Look at how cowardly you are."

The middle-aged man smiled and said, "I'll teach you a few tricks, and then you can play in front of him."

Qing Shan asked in a daze, "Why?"

The man stared, and said domineeringly: "Show off, no!"


		