

Lu Caiwei subconsciously wanted to refute Shen Yu's natural tone, and said contemptuously, "People are shameless."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Oh?"

Lu Caiwei gave him a sideways glance, and said with a smile: "The world is invincible."

Shen Yu didn't care, and flicked her fingertips.

Then the woman crashed straight into the carriage, and then the sound of cursing and cursing was heard again.

Shen Yu changed her posture and continued to rest with her eyes closed.

Lu Caiwei didn't seem to be well behaved, she lifted the curtain of the car, and asked in confusion: "I'm not going to join Guiyun Xianzong, why do I want to take the entrance examination?"

Shen Yu asked back: "Naturally follow them, or else I'll take you all the way to Guiyun Immortal Sect?"

Lu Caiwei's eyes lit up, and she said happily: "Okay, okay, you are a disciple of Dao Sect, even those who belong to Yunxian Sect would not dare to do anything to you."

Shen Yu looked at her for a long time, and said with emotion: "It's nice to be young."


Guiyun Xianzong is a big sect, among the many ordinary people who don't know the name of the Holy Land, Guiyun Xianzong is the top immortal sect in the world.

As they officially began to recruit disciples, countless strange faces began to appear in the originally unprosperous Cangmang Town, and the small town also became more colorful.

The two of them felt the lively atmosphere like celebrating the Spring Festival from a long distance outside the town.

The reason why Guiyun Xianzong chose this place instead of Yunya City is because Cangmang Town is adjacent to a mountain with ethereal aura.

Cangwu Mountain.

On a huge lawn at the foot of the mountain, some government guards in Cangmang Town were trying their best to keep going, and countless mortals who stretched their necks to wait and see were stopped outside.

An old man with immortal demeanor in Guiyun Xianzong stood on a raised stone platform, followed by dozens of people, their clothes fluttering, and they looked like immortals.

A stone platform about one foot high stood in front of them, and a jade stone emitting a faint light was placed in the center.

This is the Immortal-seeking Stone to test the disciple's cultivation talent, and it is also the first step for the cultivation sect to recruit disciples.

Guiyun Xianzong also belongs to the Taoist sect, but there are many sects in the sect, Taoism, sword repair, warriors, alchemists, and Qi practitioners all dabble, so the disciples of the sect can be regarded as spread all over the world.

Seeing that piece of jade, Lu Caiwei was a little nervous and said, "What if I can't get through?"

Shen Yu said: "Everything in the world requires spiritual power. The so-called test of talent, in layman's terms, is to find out how much spiritual power can be contained in your dantian and meridians in your body, as the saying goes..."

Lu Caiwei stared and said, "Say something that people can understand."

Shen Yu was taken aback when he heard the words, and then seemed to think of something that happened many years ago, and said with a smile: "You dare to talk to me like that, it is already an amazing thing in the world."

Shen Yu said: "So, you don't need to worry about this problem."

From the very beginning, it was a test of cultivation talent.

Lu Caiwei was so imposing when she spoke to Shen Yu before, she walked up cautiously, and then put her hand on the fairy-seeking stone, knowing that she heard the nod of the seemingly unpredictable old man, and the stone was raised in her throat My heart was completely relieved.

Maybe she was too nervous, so she didn't see the surprised look in the old man's eyes.

As countless people came with expectations and left with disappointment, only a dozen or so people remained in the end.

Lu Caiwei tugged at the corner of Shen Yu's clothes, and whispered: "Go!"

Shen Yu shook her head and said calmly, "It's not necessary."

Sure enough, the old man with a sense of demeanor went on to say: "Practice's aptitude and talent are not the only criteria on the road of practice, so there will be various tests later, if I can pass it, it can also become my name for returning to Yunxianzong." disciple."

As soon as the words were finished, the children who had been gloomy and disappointed all started to look forward to it again.

Lu Caiwei was a little ignorant, and asked, "I have passed?"

Shen Yu said: "Otherwise."

Lu Caiwei was surprised and said: "I thought that there will be many tests in the future. It is written in many scriptures. After going through various tests of Taoism, and even slaying demons and demons, I can finally pass the school's assessment."

"So that's the storybook, and this is your life."

Shen Yu said lightly: "If it is true what you said, those so-called immortal masters will not be exhausted to death."

Lu Caiwei frowned and said, "It's still a little too hasty."

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said: "What these immortal masters want is just a quota, not you. Among these famous sects, no one will care about registered disciples or even outer disciples."

Lu Caiwei was silent for a long time, and said, "I understand."

An hour later, following the immortal masters of Guiyun Immortal Sect drifting away, the crowd finally followed them to another assessment place.

The next assessment is very novel, whether it is fighting or martial arts, or poetry, poetry, calligraphy and painting, or even beauty or ugliness, as long as there is something special in some respects, there is a chance to become a registered or even an outer disciple of Guiyun Immortal Sect.

Because they have always cultivated disciples in a big way, some people with special aspects will naturally be noticed after they stand out.

For example, hundreds of years ago, Guiyun Xianzong had a young scholar with mediocre qualifications. He was not favored by the teacher, and he only practiced hard in the mountains all day long. Breaking through several realms in a row, he became one of the most powerful people in Guiyun Xianzong.

The world is unpredictable, and the path of practice has no set trend.

During the assessment, the most eye-catching thing was a thin man who showed his ability to drink water.

Bucket after bucket of water was brought onto the stage, and then he began to gulp it down, and what was even more amazing was that not a single drop of water leaked out.

What is even more speechless is that there are practitioners carefully observing and recording something from a distance.

Because no one knows whether he will really drink water to become a great practitioner. It is rumored that there is a practitioner who is proficient in water magic and can eat and drink when he was young.

Shen Yu is a traditional person, so he chose the most direct method.

fight.

Shen Yu stood on the stage, quietly looking at the young child with trembling legs in front of him.

The clothes are exquisite, and they seem to be from a wealthy family, but just now they are on stage, they are sweating profusely, their breathing is short, and their faces are full of fear and tension.

Shen Yu was a little speechless. If those people knew that Shen Yu had a fair duel with an older child, it would probably become the biggest joke in the entire practice world.

He sighed and said, "Go down."

The young boy was so nervous that he was almost speechless, but he still tremblingly said: "Why... why."

Shen Yu looked at him, stretched out his fist, and said calmly: "Did you see, is this fist big or not? If you punch it down, you will die."

"Mother!"

The young man burst into tears, then turned around and ran behind.

Surrounded by many guards, the graceful lady with a distressed expression ran over quickly, hugging the child in her arms, with a pitiful look, as if Shen Yu had really done something outrageous.

Shen Yu was expressionless and numb.

Seeing this scene from a distance, Lu Caiwei couldn't straighten her back from laughing.

After going through several ridiculous fights like this, he finally ushered in a normal opponent.

Of course, it is only compared with the previous few people.

So Shen Yu just flicked his fingers and ejected the confrontation from the sidelines, and this competition that was destined to become a joke in the practice world was over.

The immortal old man in the distance noticed this scene and nodded slightly, thinking that this guy seems to be all right in terms of temperament and skill.

As an elder of the Guiyun Immortal Sect, Zheng Xuan naturally accepted the quota of registered disciples allocated by the sect. If he could accidentally recruit a few talented disciples among them, the annual cultivation resources would increase a little.

But soon his thoughts were interrupted, because a gorgeously dressed young man appeared beside him.

Yang Yiqing, that is, the young disciple who passed by Shen Yu since Zhongzhou Road, is also the true disciple of the sect.

Zheng Xuan was taken aback for a moment, then said kindly: "What are your orders?"

As the direct disciple of the elder of the Guiyun Xianzong, and one of the true disciples, and with outstanding talents, a mere elder of the side hall will naturally not be respected by him.

Yang Yiqing looked haughty, and said: "It's nothing, it's just that this journey is a bit too boring, so just take a look, Elder Zheng, you can do your work."

The young man looked into the field, suddenly raised his eyebrows, and said playfully, "Yo, I really found someone interesting."


Shen Yu casually eliminated all opponents, then ignored the gaze of the deacon of Xianzong, and walked straight off the stage.

Lu Caiwei teased and said: "It's really worthy of being a disciple from that place, who can sweep away everything with a single strike, the little girl admires it."

Shen Yu didn't speak, but turned her head to meet the smiling and joking eyes not far away.

Lu Caiwei looked over, and then turned pale.

In the ancient town of Pingyao, this person also appeared in that conversation, and as expected, it should be the other party who secretly drove Jiang Jianghu to kill her.

Sure enough, the man's next sentence confirmed her guess.

"I didn't expect you to be safe and sound. It seems that my falling bracelet was given to that trash for nothing."

The man looked at the two of them with a smile.

Lu Caiwei clenched her fists tightly, and her eyes were slightly red.

These cultivators have always regarded mortals as ants. At the beginning, I refused their request to worship another master, but what I got was the disaster of killing myself.

Yang Yiqing didn't care about her eyes, and said with a smile: "So you are here, we are destined."

Shen Yu looked indifferent.

Lu Caiwei said coldly, "What do you want?"

"Don't worry, since you're not dead, and I have a big heart, I don't have much to think about."

Yang Yiqing's face was lazy, but his eyes looked at Shen Yu from the beginning to the end, and said with a smile: "But you want to enter Xianzong..."

The man shook his finger and said, "No."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Lu Caiwei said angrily, "Why?"

Yang Yiqing said seriously: "Because I don't let it go, is this a good reason?"

The noisy voices around suddenly quieted down, and everyone looked at this side.

Yang Yiqing glanced at Shen Yu, he didn't care about the man in green shirt in front of him, he just hated the look in his eyes.

Like other ordinary people, who doesn't bow his knees in front of himself and smiles, how can he be as indifferent as him?

What's even more annoying is that this bumbling guy still needs to participate in this kind of competition to fool children before he can join Xianzong.

He felt it was an eyesore, a very eyesore!

This kind of person should not be here.

Shen Yu looked at him indifferently, and said lightly: "What are you going to do?"

"Kneel down and beg me!"

Yang Yiqing laughed loudly and said, "In this case, maybe I will feel better and let you stay."

No one around spoke, including that Elder Zheng Xuan.

Shen Yu lowered her head in thought.

He used to travel around the world when he was young, and he always went forward when encountering things, but occasionally he would meet a few old people, and then he would tell himself that the future would be long.

But in addition, the old man taught him a principle back then.

It's called everything can't be done again and again.

Shen Yu thought in her heart that it was the first time at the Tianhe Inn, the second time above the East China Sea, and this should be the third time.

Shen Yu suddenly raised her head and said lightly, "Is your master here?"

Yang Yiqing was slightly taken aback.

The next moment, a terrifying true meaning of the avenue instantly spread around, and the temporary high platform was instantly shattered.


		