

The day everyone has been waiting for has finally arrived.

On this day, the vigorous bell rang throughout the Taoist sect, and countless immortal light and Taoist treasures shuttled through the air.

"Dao formation, Qi."

Following the transmission of an old voice, the sea of ​​clouds that had been covering it all year round gradually dissipated on the highest mountain peak in the center of the Taoist sect.

Fenbaoya, which has been silent for decades, shows its appearance.

At the foot of the mountain, the disciples who were sitting cross-legged got up one after another, and Shang Yingluo who was playing with the cub on the other side hurriedly picked up the little one and rushed over.

Beside the stream, the sleepy boy rubbed his eyes.

After a while, more than 30 people gathered in front of the steps at the foot of Fenbaoya.

"You only have twelve hours. At this time tomorrow, the formation restriction will be reopened. You should seize the opportunity."

Yan Qingshu looked serious, and said seriously: "I'll say it again, on Fenbaoya, each releases its own original aura. If it is recognized by the ancient treasure, it will be inherited. There are countless spiritual treasures on the entire mountain of Fenbaoya. You must go to the top."

At this time, the formation restriction had been lifted, and the atmosphere of ancient vicissitudes filled the entire stone steps of the mountain road, but the coercion of the Lingbao remained undiminished.

Everyone prepared for this for a month, but no one was afraid to back down.

Although there are spirit treasures everywhere in Fenbaoya, the higher the altitude, the better the quality of the spirit treasures. This kind of common sense is known to everyone.

After a month of tempering, Ye Zhiqiu's skin has become much rougher. He was the first to walk up the steps with his head held high.

Everyone's eyes turned to the young man at the back. These days, everyone knew about the bet between Shen Yu and Chen Jianzhi from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, but no one was optimistic about him.

Obtaining the spiritual treasure and obtaining the inheritance of the spiritual treasure are two different things.

The device spirit was born by chance.

And those spiritual treasures that gave birth to the spirit of the weapon are all innate things, and some of them were even the treasures of the powerful in the fairyland.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and said to the little girl beside him, "Go directly to the top of the mountain."

Shang Yingluo blinked and asked, "What about you?"

"I want to take a look, there are some things, I want to make sure."

Shen Yu looked up at the mountain peak that was not covered by the sea of ​​clouds, felt the thousands of bright lights, and thought that the restriction of Fenbaoya was actually controlled by it. It was a bit stupid for him to wait for two years.


In the forest, the moss-covered stone steps were a bit slippery, and as they went up, the surrounding scenery became more and more desolate.

The fierce Lingbao aura scattered throughout the mountain, no trees, flowers or plants could survive here.

There are only hard rocks covered with scars.

Shen Yu was the last one to set off.

He walked very slowly. Although he walked very fast a month ago, this time, without the restraint of the formation, he walked extremely slowly.

Because Shen Yu was trying to release her spiritual consciousness and feel the breath of that fairy artifact.

The bluestone steps can lead directly to the top of the mountain, but Shen Yu did not take this road, but kept walking on some fork roads, sometimes left and right, as if wandering casually.

After two hours passed, Shen Yu showed a helpless expression.

Fenbaoya is too big, almost beyond his imagination. If you look at it step by step like this, twelve hours is not enough.

If it is elsewhere, it can release its own original breath, and it must be known immediately.

The Profound Sky Sword is his natal spiritual treasure, if it is here, it will appear as soon as he is summoned.

It's just that there are not only many beginner disciples in the mountain, but also many elders from the four halls and seven peaks outside the mountain are also observing.

Forcibly summoning, the movement is too great.

"It's still too much trouble."

Shen Yu stopped, then let out a breath, as if she had made a decision.

The young man walked to the cliff, closed his eyes, and said in a deep voice, "Get up!"

Then, a mysterious aura rippling from his body, followed by a clear howling sound from the mountains and forests.

Shen Yu then stepped out, and under her feet was the abyss.

The sea of ​​clouds rolled, and a dark yellow light appeared under the young man's feet, and then whizzed away.


Ye Zhiqiu had already reached the mountainside at this time, Jiang Shaoqiu followed closely behind, and in front of him was Shang Yingluo holding the cub.

Ye Zhiqiu was a little speechless, this little girl with shofar braids always liked to hang around three steps in front of her, with her hands on her back, she looked steady, looked back at him from time to time, and then nodded, like an elder looking at a younger generation Look relieved.

I really don't know who this little girl learned from.

Ye Zhiqiu shook his head slightly, struggling to climb the mountain road, his eyes on the top of the mountain became more and more fiery.

There is where the innate spirit treasure that is truly pregnant with the spirit of the instrument is located.

"hurry up."

Shang Yingluo turned her head and urged, "Why are you so slow?"

Ye Zhiqiu rolled his eyes, looking at the lively little girl in front of him, a little discouraged.

Among his peers, there are very few people who can make him feel proud, and the little girl in front of him is just one. Her age, talent, and cultivation realm all make him admire.

Seeing this, the little girl put her hands on her back, and said old-fashionedly: "Young man, you are so weak, how can you be Shen Yu's junior."

Ye Zhiqiu's eyes widened, and he said, "When did I become his younger brother?"

The little girl shook her finger and said confidently: "Of course, all of you will be his juniors."

"Is there such a reason?"

Ye Zhiqiu was furious and was about to argue a few words.

call out!

A sharp piercing sound came from the sides of the two.

In the mid-air more than twenty feet away from them, a blue shadow flashed away, and rushed into the higher clouds in the blink of an eye.

A gust of wind blew past the cliff, blowing up countless sand and gravel particles, making both of them unable to open their eyes.

Young Li Shaobing roared at the streamer that could not stop.

Shang Yingluo even shouted Shen Yu's name, and kept waving to the air.

"Is it Shen Yu?"

Ye Zhiqiu was dumbfounded, his face full of disbelief, and the getting smaller and smaller figure in mid-air was the Shen Yu who loved the blue shirt.

The boy was suddenly a little discouraged.

Flying objects, a thousand miles away with a thought, the unfettered freedom that all young men and women who are new to cultivation in the world pursue.

The boy fantasized about it for many years. He originally thought that this day would arrive first by himself, but he didn't expect that someone would leave him far away.

Shang Yingluo reached out and patted his shoulder, and said empathetically, "Don't be discouraged, it's normal to compare to Shen Yu, your talent is very average."

Ye Zhiqiu looked at the young girl's immature face, thinking of her age and talent, his heart grew more sad and indignant, and said painfully: "It's too much."


Shen Yu came to the top of the mountain through the air.

Taoism has been passed down for thousands of years, and perhaps he is the fastest among the disciples to reach the top of the mountain.

Surrounded by mist, countless spiritual treasures are intertwined and intertwined, sometimes colliding and sometimes merging.

Those congenital things that suddenly appeared in the clouds and mists appeared and disappeared in the clouds, and the entire mountaintop was full of vicissitudes and ancient meanings.

Shen Yu stepped onto the top of the mountain, and with a wave of his hand, the black-yellow spirit treasure under his feet turned into a stream of light, swooping down from the top of the mountain.

Standing on the top of the mountain, Shen Yu said to the sea of ​​clouds rolling around, "I'm here to find a fairy artifact."

There was silence all around.

"Have any of you seen such a fairy artifact?"

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said seriously: "A fairy weapon that is more powerful than you."


		