

The spiritual fluctuations in the cabin did not last long.

Lu Caiwei excitedly pushed open the cabin door, strode to the stern, and said proudly, "Teach me quickly."

Shen Yu said: "What?"

Lu Caiwei bit her lip tightly and said, "I have stepped into the Dao Realm."

Shen Yu nodded and said lightly, "Oh."

"You fool me!"

Lu Caiwei's eyes widened, and she was about to curse, but was interrupted by Shen Yu.

"come on."

The two walked to the cabin, Shen Yu opened the door, and a faint female fragrance came.

Shen Yu asked: "The method of the five elements, which one do you like?"

Lu Caiwei thought for a while and said, "I want to learn swords."

Maybe it was because she had seen Shen Yu's elusive sword in the previous inn, or maybe she had heard people talk about the demeanor of a sword fairy since she was a child, so she actually chose to learn swords at this time.

Shen Yu was a little helpless. The female sword fairy three thousand years ago created the way of swordsmanship, but she didn't expect to drive the wave of sword learning in the entire Linghuang Continent.

With a wave of Shen Yu's hand, the jasper sword came out of thin air, floating in the narrow space.

"The name of the sword is to drink blood."

Lu Caiwei looked at the scene in front of her in surprise, remembering the shocking sword at the Tianhe Inn, it seemed that this jade sword killed Jiang Jianghu in an instant.

Her eyes lit up, and she said in surprise, "Give it to me?"

Shen Yu glanced at her with eyes like an idiot, and said, "I'll borrow you to teach you how to control a sword."

"Oh."

Lu Caiwei curled her lips and said disapprovingly, "I thought it was for me."

Shen Yu didn't speak, she stretched out her right finger and tapped her forehead lightly.

After that, the jade sword gradually faded, and then directly disappeared into her forehead.

Lu Caiwei's eyes narrowed, and for a moment, she thought she was really going to die.

But the next moment, with the disappearance of the jade sword, a turbulent air current rammed around her body.

Suddenly, a heart-wrenching tearing sensation came from the body.

Lu Caiwei suddenly collapsed to the ground, let out a scream, and tightly covered her abdomen with her hands.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye, and said lightly: "The sword cultivator in the world is the first step in getting started. If you can survive it, you will have sword energy entering your body."

If someone else saw this scene here, they would definitely think that Shen Yu was planning to kill the woman in front of him.

How can the jade sword enter the body so casually, a little carelessness will cause the internal organs to be disturbed by the sword energy, and the miserable end will come.

Lu Caiwei raised her head, her face was pale, and she asked, "What if you can't make it through?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "I will die."

Lu Caiwei's face turned even paler upon hearing this.

Shen Yu said casually: "There is still a chance to give up now."

After a brief hesitation, Lu Caiwei gritted her teeth and said, "Impossible."

"Okay, I'll teach you how to control the sword now."

Shen Yu said: "Remember, I'll only say it once."

After half an hour, Shen Yu walked out of the room.

Afterwards, the woman's wails could be heard from time to time in the cabin, and even the merchants and boatmen who passed by occasionally could hear something strange in the room.

The boy in black asked worriedly, "Sir?"

Shen Yu said: "Find a towel and cover her mouth."

Li Fugui swallowed a mouthful of saliva, and trotted in all the way.

After a while, the woman's wailing sound disappeared, and the boy walked out of the cabin, tsk tsk said: "It turns out that the practice of sword cultivators is so painful."

A few days passed in a flash.

Shen Yu has never stepped into the cabin since then, but Li Fugui went in from time to time to have a look, a few times he didn't hear anything, and thought she was dead.

It has been almost three months since the long-distance voyage, and finally, everyone can vaguely see the coastline, and many merchants and tourists have gathered at the bow, waiting to disembark.

Lu Caiwei also appeared on the deck again after dozens of days of inhuman torture. Her cheeks were thinner, her eyes were bloodshot, and her expression was indescribably exhausted.

The sword energy in her body was tormenting her all the time, it was a great blessing that she didn't lose her mind.

Shen Yu said: "Can you still hold on?"

Lu Caiwei said indifferently: "It has nothing to do with you."

Shen Yu nodded and said lightly, "Oh."

When you get off the boat, you are considered to have set foot on the land of Dongzu Continent, but in some respects, it is not a true step.

After everyone finished the water journey, they went on the dry road. Li Fugui bought a simple carriage, and kept bragging about how smart he was, how he bargained, and how he strategized.

But Shen Yu looked at the full money bag that was originally handed over to him, and there were only a few scattered copper coins left in How to Jin. She didn't speak, but patted him on the shoulder silently as a sign of encouragement.

Another bumpy journey.

Lu Caiwei resisted the severe pain from the sword energy hitting her inner organs in the carriage.

Li Fugui acted as the groom, while Shen Yu sat beside him with his eyes closed.

After leaving Dao Sect, he hadn't practiced seriously once in the past half a year. He looked around the mountains and rivers like a literati, and stopped from time to time to climb high and look far away.

Even Li Fugui was a little puzzled. Doesn't the master never need to practice?

"Sir, where shall we go first?"

Shen Yu closed her eyes and thought for a while, then said, "Dongzuzhou... let's go to Yunya City."


Mountains and seas are desolate, vast and ethereal.

As a continent, Dongzuzhou is also extremely wide. It is even rumored that this place is the ancestral land of the human race in ancient times, hence the name Zuzhou.

This place is also like Zhongzhou. There are hundreds of small countries whose names have never been heard, not to mention those remote mountains and ancient tribes that are unknown.

Yunya City, which is located in the east of Bolai Kingdom, is extremely large in scale, and it is comparable to some big cities in Zhongzhou in terms of the flow of people and the degree of prosperity.

Horse-drawn carriages are not allowed to pass by in the city, so the three of them can only get out of the carriage and walk slowly.

Lu Caiwei lifted the curtain of the car, frowned and said, "I'm going to return to Yunxianzong!"

"It's still far away."

Shen Yu said, "Take a break."

Lu Caiwei repeated: "I'm going to return to Yunxianzong!"

Shen Yu jumped off the carriage and said casually: "Okay, I will ask Fugui to find you a map later, and you can go there by yourself and see if you can save your life."

Lu Caiwei's face froze, she bit her lip, and after a long time, she suddenly punched the wooden board of the carriage.

Her figure suddenly froze.

Li Fugui asked cautiously, "Does it hurt?"

Lu Caiwei glared at him, full of murderous intent.

The boy in black who dared to fight with the monks at the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary instantly pissed off.

In the city, there are spacious streets that can accommodate ten horse-drawn carriages walking side by side. There are many pedestrians, and there are stalls such as juggling, selling medicine, and food stalls, which are full of excitement.

This was the first time the three of them had been to such a prosperous place since they left Zhongzhou. Li Fugui was even more curious, asking questions like countrymen entering the city.

Shen Yu thought that Daofan should be talking about the Baili family in Yunya City, which seems to have a high reputation in the local area.

Shen Yu glanced behind and said, "Stop if you can't hold on."

"Humph!"

Lu Caiwei snorted coldly, and suddenly fell to the ground next to her in a trance.

There was a commotion in the distance.

"Go away, old man."

At this moment, a tall pure white horse galloped from a distance, and the young man on the back saw this and did not have the slightest thought of avoiding it.

He sneered, then raised his whip fiercely, and the white horse under him galloped forward like crazy.

The horse's hooves were raised high, and the next moment it stomped towards the woman under its feet.

There were countless exclamations in the crowd, and many people blocked their eyes and couldn't bear to look.

Lu Caiwei's mind was blank, and some of the Taoism skills she had learned in the past seemed to have been forgotten at this moment.

Shen Yu said, "Wealth and honor."

"Good sir."

The boy in black grinned and came to the side of the white horse in an instant, with his right foot forward, and then lightly punched the horse's belly.

boom!

The white horse nearly two feet high could only hear a miserable whine, and then the whole body flew out tens of feet without any suspense, and was directly loaded into a nearby shop.

Smoke and dust rose everywhere.

The white horse died on the spot like a lump of mud, while the young man on the horse was covered in blood and was dying.

The people in the crowd were speechless in surprise, only a few whispered.

"Hmph! You deserve it, but there is a rule in the city that you can't ride a horse."

"This time he really met someone who is more competitive. You see, although this little guy is not tall, he is indeed a practitioner."

"But, Second Master Gu, he hit Jiang Yuheng, the young master of the Jiang family. Rumor has it that his grandfather is a very high-level monk."

The people in the city are not like the peasants in the remote mountains and forests, but they have extraordinary knowledge.

The boy in black scratched his head, as if he was using a little more force.

He looked at Shen Yu with some guilt.

The latter looked indifferent, just walked to Lu Caiwei's side, and patted her on the shoulder.

Lu Caiwei glared at each other.

Shen Yu said: "If you thought of using your sword just now, you will be able to pass this first level."

Lu Caiwei was stunned for a moment.

Just after a while, people rushed over from the gate of the city one after another.

Two people quickly carried the unconscious man to the distance, while the rest surrounded Shen Yu and the three of them.

The man who thought he was a burly man glanced at the miserable condition of the white horse, and frowned.

He had already seen the scene of the boy in black throwing a punch.

This power has at least reached the fourth realm of warriors.

He was no match, not to mention that there was a young man who couldn't see the depth behind the boy.

It's just that this place is Yunya City after all, if he is timid, then he may not be able to keep his position as the head of the Jiang family's guards.

"You know..."

Just before the man had time to speak, he was interrupted.

Shen Yu said directly: "Is there a Baili family in Yunya City?"

The man was slightly taken aback, then nodded.

Shen Yu said, "Take us there."

The man sneered, feeling absurd, "Let's not talk about the honorable status of Baili City Lord, you seriously injured my Young Master Jiang family in broad daylight, you have to settle the account anyway."

Lu Caiwei stood up and said angrily: "It is clear that he violated the city rules by riding a horse on the street and almost murdered me."

The burly man's eyes were full of playfulness, and he seemed not interested in answering at all.

After a brief confrontation, many people flocked to this side, including many warriors with strong aura.

Shen Yu didn't care, and patted the shoulder of the woman beside him casually, and said, "How do you want to settle this account?"

Lu Caiwei's body was a little stiff, and she couldn't see her expression clearly.

The man frowned, but when he sensed movement behind him, he made up his mind and said slowly, "Here, whoever has the biggest fist will make sense."

Many people became nervous, and it seemed that the Jiang family was clearly going to bully others.

"Oh."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "Then remember not to beat him to death."

Before anyone could react, a black shadow flew out instantly.

The next moment, the burly man's figure was exactly the same as that of the white horse before, and he slammed into the shop next to the street, his life and death were unknown.


		