

The winter solstice has passed, the snow is falling heavily, and the whole Feilai Peak is completely white.

Shen Yu casually walked on the mountain path, letting the snowflakes fall on her body, and then fell from the green shirt.

Su Mo is teaching Yang Liu how to practice at the arch bridge.

Although Yang Xiu's aptitude is average, she is extremely diligent in her practice. She is the only normal disciple in Feilai Peak.

Su Mo was very relieved, thinking that Yuan Temple finally had a disciple who could serve as a role model. If everyone was as lazy as the younger brother, the master might feel unstable and go back to retreat after seeing it after retreating.

Yang Liu respects this elder brother who has no cultivation at all, and listens carefully every time, and then acts seriously.

The sound of footsteps sounded, Yang Liu subconsciously looked over to hear Sheng Sheng, and when he saw that it was Shen Yu, he immediately cheered.

Since the beginning of autumn, Shen Yu has stayed behind closed doors, and today is his first time going out.

Shen Yu said with a smile: "I have been here for a long time, and I want to go down the mountain to have a look."

Su Mo was not surprised, and said: "Go early, come back early, remember to come back before the rain next year."

Su Mo warned again: "Be more careful."

Shen Yu looked into his eyes and nodded.

Su Mo never thought that the world under the mountain was dangerous, and only the mountains and the Taoist sect needed to be careful.

For more than two years, the fight in Fenbaoya seems to have come to an end.

But both of them knew that Dao Sect is too big now, fish and dragons are mixed together, if there is one Yang Kaitai, there will be another Zhang Kaitai, this kind of thing has already started, how can it end so easily.

The reason why Shen Yu chose to stay behind closed doors after being injured was naturally because Feilai Peak was the safest place in the Taoist sect.

Yang Liu looked at Shen Yu, opened his mouth, but didn't dare to say anything.

Shen Yu said: "I will be back soon, you should read that Daoist book carefully, don't be lazy, don't worry."

Yang Liu nodded heavily.

Shen Yu smiled, then rubbed her head.

Yang Liu blushed suddenly, a little shy, but more joyful, this was the first time Shen Yu made such an intimate gesture after she came to the Yuan Temple.

Shen Yu gradually disappeared in front of the eyes of the two of them. There was only a small black spot in the vast snow field, and finally disappeared, leaving only a row of footprints of the same depth.

Yang Liu said worriedly: "Brother Shen Yu seems to be in a bad mood, what's on his mind?"

Su Mo looked back at the footprints, and said: "He has concealed it very well, but I didn't expect you to feel it. Your senior brother Shen Yu, he is really in a bad mood."


In front of the Patriarch Hall.

The blue luan bird set off a violent gust of wind, and then fell steadily amidst countless snowstorms.

Shen Yu held a pot of spiritual wine and stood in front of the huge statue.

This pot of spirit wine was exchanged by Yu Wenwen from a cultivating family at the foot of the mountain, and it was called a cup of Wu.

Shen Yu sat cross-legged in front of the statue, and said after a long time: "I haven't seen you for a long time, today's heavy snow is earlier than in previous years, and I also remembered something."

"Speaking of which, the first time I saw you was also in such a snowy weather. I remember that you often held a wine gourd in your hand."

Shen Yu took a sip of wine as soon as he said a word, and finished the wine in the pot after a while.

"The Linghuang Continent has changed too much now, it is completely different from our time."

Shen Yu frowned and said puzzledly: "After I woke up, I couldn't remember why the world changed so fast. In only three thousand years, the aura has faded a lot. I thought you would either fly away or stay here. Pass down the orthodoxy to become a saint, but the strange thing is that there are no rumors about you here, and even this statue does not know who erected it."

The young man said to himself in the snowstorm: "Originally, I came here to find my natal Lingbao, Tianxuan, but after looking all over the entire Fenbao Cliff, there is no trace of it."

"In order to find out my life experience, I need to find it. I think there should be some clues in the place where I was born. I want to know, who am I? Is it the Tianxuan weapon spirit? Or Taixuan reincarnation?"

"Afterwards, I will go to this continent for a walk. Since you appeared in Daozong, there must be someone down the mountain who knows where you went. I will find out. See you next time, Zhang Xujing."

The blue phoenix uttered a crisp call, and then spread its wings. The spirit wine in the pot was like a thousand-foot waterfall, evenly sprinkled on the ground in front of the statue, and then covered with white snow, leaving no traces.


Daozong is located in the southwest of Linghuang Continent.

In the south, it is the land of the Nanman, which is the realm of the monster race.

At the border of the two places, a winding and rugged river separates the two powerful forces in the Linghuang Continent.

Nanhe City was built on the north bank of the river and belonged to the Dali dynasty of the human race. There were not only Dali's frontier army guards here, but also generals from Daozong and the capital school field. Therefore, there was an endless stream of merchants. There are brothels, blacksmith shops, cloth shops, carriage and horse shops, money houses, etc.

Outside the west gate of Nanhe City, a man in green shirt came to the gate. The man was tall and slender, and it was Shen Yu.

From Daozong to the south, along the official road all the way, Shen Yu didn't stop at any place, and seemed to be very familiar with every place.

And it is true.

Shen Yu was born here, and when he was sixteen years old, he left here to enter the Taoist sect.

He lived in Nanhe City for sixteen years.

This border city is the forefront of the human race, and it is also the city closest to the Nanman demon domain. Every few days, countless monsters will cross the river and attack this town.

Therefore, the folk customs here are extremely tough. Not only ordinary people carry weapons such as knives and guns, but even the beggars and rascals who beg on the street also hold a wooden stick, with extremely fierce eyes.

Every merchant and traveler who comes here seems to be a prey in their eyes, ready to rush up at any time and snatch their goods.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to this, and walked slowly towards a remote alley after entering the city.

Countless sewage flowed across the road, and in the muddy alley, there was a sound of wailing and begging for mercy, mixed with the sound of men's yelling.

Several big men with scars on their faces were surrounding a white-haired old woman, as if they were robbing something.

As soon as the old woman saw Shen Yu, she kowtowed and wept as if she had met a savior, and said, "My lord, my lord, save me. The money in this bag is my grandson's life-saving money."

Seeing this, a tall man of seven feet in the middle said viciously: "Where did you come from, you dare to meddle in my business. I'm getting impatient. Get out of here. Be careful that I will chop you with a knife."

It's just that the voice of the big man's speech became weaker as he went to the back.

Therefore, the man on the opposite side didn't look at this side from the beginning to the end, just walked by casually, and then drifted away.

Extreme indifference.

For a moment, several ferocious men looked at each other, not knowing why this happened.

But the old woman who fell on the ground hugged his trousers without hesitation when the man passed by, and begged: "My lord, my lord, save me, my grandson is only seven years old, this money belongs to me." I sold all my family property in exchange for it."

"You want me to save you?"

Shen Yu stopped in her tracks, turned around and looked, and said lightly: "You are a martial artist with a first impression, facing a few ordinary mortal scoundrels, you actually want someone to rescue you?"

The man's delicate face was full of indifference, and he looked at the old woman calmly, as if looking at a dead person.

The old woman stopped crying immediately, her pupils constricted, and an indescribable fear rose from the bottom of her heart.

The next moment, the originally weak old woman jumped up instantly, her thin fingers bent into claws, and she raised her hand to grab Shen Yu's head.

However, in an instant, she was punched lightly on the forehead, and she flew out.

His whole body convulsed, and he remained motionless for a moment, dead.


		