

When the two walked out of the gate of Yang's house, they saw the old servant standing quietly in the corner.

The girl felt guilty for some reason.

Shen Yu looked calm.

"Miss is not very clear about the affairs in the city, let the old servant lead the way."

The old servant smiled and said in a hoarse voice.

Shen Yu said: "Yes."

As soon as the words were finished, the three of them boarded a spacious carriage that had already parked outside the door, and drove slowly towards Qianliu City.


Senyanagi Castle.

Although it was still early in the morning, on the way into the city, there was already an endless stream of traffickers and pawns coming and going. Countless paths of cooking smoke rose up, and the gate of the city was already somewhat blocked.

Shen Yu looked at the distant scenery through the curtain of the car, feeling a little strange in her heart.

From Daozong all the way, Lu Caiwei, Gui Yunxianzong, Yun Qing, Jiang Zhouyao, Li Yi, and now the Yang family.

Shen Yu has done many things that she never cared about in the past, except for the friendship with some people, in fact, one of the most hidden reasons in her heart is the change of Dao Xin.

Three thousand years ago, what he practiced was the way out of this world, illusory and ruthless, with only the Dao in his heart.

But now traveling in the world is to enter the world intentionally, and as a result, after being contaminated with countless mortal karma, the Taoist heart becomes more and more heavy and not refreshing enough.

On the way of joining the world, he can only be regarded as a novice who has just stepped into this way.

It was precisely because of this that the fight against Li Yi was so difficult and difficult.

But even though Shen Yu knew that this would make her Dao heart more and more dark, and even break it, she didn't have any regrets.

Because the old man who taught him how to practice said a few words back then, Shen Yu still remembers them to this day.

"Boy Shen, your eyes were born higher than the top in this life, and everything is regarded as an ant, good or bad, the lack of the smoke and fire of the world, after all, it is a blemish for Dao.

"You have to remember that after you are born, you enter the world, and finally you are born again. Only when you are mellow and wishful, and the heart of the Tao is complete, can you prove the Dao."

"The order of time cannot be repeated. The small world created by the sages of the three religions is like the Buddha Kingdom in the palm of your hand, like the thirty-three days. After all, it is just a mirror image, but if there is a day when you can start again, please remember to start from the world Dao begins, because for tens of thousands of years, no matter the three religions or the way of swordsmanship or martial arts, maybe only this way can transcend the way of heaven and hope to take that step."

It was precisely because Shen Yu remembered this incident in front of the Patriarch's Hall that he had another reason to leave Daozong.

When Shen Yu practiced for the first time, his goal was the legendary super-sacred realm.

There's no reason, but that's what he thinks.

Withdrawing her thoughts, Shen Yu looked at the girl beside her who was lying by the window looking at the scenery outside the car, and then remembered that Yang Liu who was still practicing Taoism.

The elder sister is steady and gentle, while the younger sister is innocent and lively, but the temperaments of the two are quite different.

It's just that after a while, when he passed a tall red-walled mansion in the city, Yang Pan'er also became a little sullen.

Shen Yu took a look, scanned the word Yang Fu, and then knew where the emotion of the girl beside her came from.

The main reason why the Yang family moved from their rich and luxurious mansion to the barren mountains was the initial marriage.

And that marriage is related to Yang Pan'er.


The carriage finally stopped at a tall building in the west of the city. The whole building was built of huge mountains and giant trees. It was simple and full of simplicity. There were many exquisite patterns carved on it.

Because this place is called Sifang Pavilion, it is the place to sign up for the Qianliu City Spring Examination, and it is also the territory of the Nangong family among the four major families.

The three of them came to the door, and countless eyes of surprise and pity gathered on Shen Yu.

The carriage came from the Yang family, but under the suppression of the Qingxu faction, which unlucky guy who didn't know the situation acted as the Yang family's thug?

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to these gazes, and just looked at this tall building with more than ten floors.

After a while, a plump man who seemed to be in charge hurried over, his eyes were small, but he didn't have the slightest sense of wretched philistine.

The man showed a kind smile, took a serious look at Shen Yu, and then greeted the old servant: "Uncle Zhao, it's been a long time, I don't know this time..."

The old servant said slowly: "The spring test is about to start, so I'm here to sign up."

After confirming the news, the butler's eyes flickered, he took a few steps closer, and said in a low voice: "Yes, yes, but there are a few people from the Qingxu Sect who happen to be taking the test inside, why don't you bring this little brother here tomorrow?"

The housekeeper didn't say it clearly, but the three of them knew the meaning behind it.

The Qingxu sect and the Yang family have been on fire these years, and the Yang family even moved out of the city because of this. If they meet at this moment, not to mention a fight, but a sneer and sarcasm will be inevitable.

Yang Pan'er snorted heavily, but didn't say anything.

The old servant looked thoughtful and looked at the young man beside him.

Shen Yu thought about it and gave an answer.

"Just today."


There is another cave in the Sifang Pavilion.

After twists and turns, passing through countless corridors and secret doors, I finally came to a room with a thick wooden door.

It's very big inside, so it seems very empty.

When Shen Yu took the first step into the room, the few people in the room turned around and looked over.

There was a beautiful young woman on the left and right of the crowd, wearing a yellow shirt, lying lazily on a red sandalwood chair, looking at Shen Yu.

Standing next to her was a taciturn man with a dull face.

There are three people on the right.

A white-haired old woman with a cold face, and two young men in gray clothes with the words Qingxu School engraved on them.

All three looked at Shen Yu unkindly with mocking eyes.

"The woman on the right is the most outstanding woman of this generation in the Nangong family. Her name is Nangong Rou. It is said that she is very good at formations."

"On the left is the young disciples of the generation of the Qingxu Sect. They should also participate in the spring test in this world."

The familiar hoarse voice suddenly sounded in Shen Yu's heart.

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent. This ordinary-looking old servant was a practitioner, and he could tell it at the first meeting.

It's just that his attention is not here.

At the very front of the room, between the two groups of people is a huge Nine Palaces array.

There are some realistic mountains and rivers and towns on it, as well as many lifelike dolls and animals.

Like a battlefield deduction, the formation of troops.

There was some curiosity in Shen Yu's eyes, even a hint of interest.

If he was right, these formations were the prototypes of formations, and on the mortal battlefield, generals usually used them to form formations and deduce formations.

If it is in the practice world, it is used by some familiar formation methods to train the spiritual consciousness.

The two played chess and deduced, using their spiritual sense to manipulate several generals to lead the army, fight each other, and decide the winner.

This kind of thing existed three thousand years ago, and everyone likes to entertain with many formations.

The woman from the Nangong family smiled inexplicably, and said: "This little brother seems to be very interested in the match, but the test is not like that."

After talking about a hundred years, he pointed to the finger array, and a huge crystal jade stone was standing there.


		