

The man with long hair shawls and a blue shirt walked slowly along the mountain road.

The warm sunlight fell on him, warm as jade, and among all the disciples of Daozong, he was the most beautiful one.

It was just because of some things that someone took off the Dao crown that had accompanied him for many years, and now the long hair in the shawl is just tied with a white Dao scarf.

After the man nodded slightly towards Jiang Shaoqiu, he passed by.

Jiang Shaoqiu was a little puzzled, he was seriously injured during the performance in the Fourth Hall, and what was he doing at Feilai Peak in Yuansheng Temple without recuperating?


Chen Jianzhi's breath was very steady, without any sign of injury.

It was his first time to visit the Yuan Temple, but he seemed to know the Feilai Peak where the Yuan Temple was located. The arched bridge, the spirit carp, and the foggy forest didn't allow him to stay for too long.

Soon, he came to a courtyard in the bamboo forest.

Shen Yu seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep and did not respond to his arrival.

Su Mo brought out some cups of spiritual tea from the house at some point, and invited him in with a smile.

It was also the first time for Chen Jianzhi to see Su Mo. He didn't dare to be rude to the most mysterious elder brother of Dao Sect, so he bent down and bowed solemnly.

"You don't need to be too polite, you guys talk, I'll go see how my hanging sword grass is growing."

Su Mo then left the courtyard.

Chen Jianzhi looked at Shen Yu and said, "Brother Fang is seriously injured, so his life is saved."

Shen Yu, who was sleeping with her eyes closed, slowly opened her eyes, and said calmly, "You're lucky."

If he didn't die, he was lucky.

When Chen Jianzhi heard this, he was unexpectedly not angry, and said: "I don't know that they use these tricks to plot against you, and I don't even bother to use such small tricks that don't stand on the table."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Chen Jianzhi stopped for a while, and continued: "I want to compete with you in an upright manner. When you recover from your injury, I will lower your realm to the Taoist realm."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "You can't beat me."

Chen Jianzhi's calm expression finally showed a slight change. He frowned slightly and said, "Although you are very strong, I will not lose to you."

Shen Yu said: "Fighting with people, or killing people, or being killed, and this kind of battle between winning and losing is meaningless to me."

Chen Jianzhi was speechless.

The Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty used many shady tricks to force Shen Yu to leave the stage to participate in the performance of the Four Palaces, trying to regain the so-called face, but in the end, the elder brother of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty almost died, and the other two were seriously injured.

"The ultimate goal of the road of practice is to reach the top of the mountain. Some people walk faster, and some people lag behind at the beginning, but they surpass halfway."

Shen Yu glanced at the Taoist scarf on his head, and said lightly: "The so-called cultivation genius, the mind should be purer. When your Taoist heart becomes pure, I will compete with you once."

Chen Jianzhi looked at the young man in front of him and remained silent for a long time.

Shen Yu closed her eyes again and said, "Goodbye."

"goodbye."

Chen Jianzhi got up and walked down the mountain with a complicated expression.

When the figure was far away, Su Mo stood outside the courtyard with a small hoe and said, "Although Chen Jianzhi is only the second disciple in Qinglu Palace, his talent is higher than Fang Hen. Are you sure you can beat him?"

Shen Yu said calmly: "Yes, but in this kind of thing, it's no good to win, and it's embarrassing to lose. Naturally, it's better not to fight."

Su Mo said with a smile: "We will still fight one after all."

Shen Yu looked at him puzzled.

Su Mo smiled without saying a word.


Sitting on the Forgotten Peak, the Qingluan bird made a crisp cry, which attracted the attention of countless disciples.

Yang Liu had never received so much attention before, and now his face was flushed, and he stepped on the spirit bird in front of everyone's eyes.

When Jiang Shaoqiu told her about this a few days ago, he thought it was a joke, but he didn't expect it to be true today.

Yang Liu didn't like it from the first day she came here. Whether it was the cold eyes and arrogance of her classmates, or the indifference and ruthlessness of her teacher, she didn't like it very much.

So this time, she didn't hesitate.

Zhang Zhi stood on the top of the peak with his hands behind his back, with a gloomy expression on his face, but he didn't say anything until the end.

Shen Yu saw the spirit bird flying straight to the top of the mountain from a distance, and asked in surprise, "Can this bird fly directly up?"

Su Mo nodded and said, "Yes."

Shen Yu then asked: "Didn't I say when I first came here that I could only walk up?"

Su Mo said lightly: "It's still too simple."

Shen Yu was speechless.

The spirit bird landed.

After Yang Liu jumped off the ground, she looked at the two of them timidly, twirling the corners of her clothes with her fingers.

Shen Yu said, "How is it?"

Su Mo said: "You have a good temper. You can build another house in the spiritual grass garden outside the bamboo forest, and let her take care of the spiritual herbs in the mountains."

Shen Yu nodded and said: "Well, she can also learn from that Taoist scripture."

Su Mo smiled, thinking that his junior brother was still very humane.

All this was done to let the little girl stay in Yuansheng Temple. When she wanted to come and wait for the master to leave the customs, she was too embarrassed to drive her away.

Su Mo said: "Little brother, you can teach if you want, I don't care."

Shen Yu turned to look at the somewhat ignorant little girl, and said, "This is your elder brother, you will live here from now on, learn something from him, don't be afraid."

Yang Liu said in a low voice, "Hello, senior brother."

Su Mo was a little taken aback, then nodded slightly, turned and left.

Yang Liu looked at the leaving figure, and said in a low voice: "Senior Brother, you seem to be easy to get along with, but Senior Brother, you look a bit like strangers should not enter."

Shen Yu smiled helplessly.

It seems that the mountains are starting to be more interesting again.


		