

The days are still uneventful.

Occasionally at the foot of Feilai Peak, there would often be a yellow earth dog running up to the peak, chasing some psychic rabbits in the bamboo forest. The dog barked so loudly that the entire Feilai Peak could be heard.

In addition to some practice every day, Shen Yu feeds the spirit carp in the deep pool on the mountainside.

A month has passed, and the news brought by Dao Fan last time seems to have no effect on Shen Yu, and he still looks calm and calm.

However, Su Mo felt that the young man's words became less and less.

"The Taoist sect is too big and there are more people. Naturally, there will be many grievances and conflicts of interests."

In the early morning of this day, Su Mo stopped Shen Yu and said, "Young disciples, you must always learn to be patient. The road to practice is not smooth, and you will always encounter some hardships."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "I know."

Su Mo shook his head and said, "You know, but you still care a little bit, don't you?"

"Speaking of which, I don't care about such things. It's normal for the little girl's Lingbao to be destroyed, or to lose in a competition with her disciples."

Shen Yu said indifferently: "Even if they died after the duel in the martial arts arena, I wouldn't care about it. For me, life and death have been experienced a lot, just like eating and drinking water."

Listening to the young man's ruthless words, Su Mo knew that this was the first time the young man had expressed his true thoughts these days.

Although ruthless, but also affectionate.

Su Mo knew that, these days, although the young man did not reply to any of the letters sent by his classmates, he sorted out every letter and carefully placed it on the bookshelf.

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then said: "It's just that this person made the rules, and then broke the rules himself."

Su Mo naturally understood who the young man was talking about, one of the seven peaks of the Taoist sect, Zhang Zhi, the head of Sitting Wang Peak, so he looked at the young man carefully, his expression changed slightly.

Shen Yu said calmly: "They did all these things because of me, so I plan to go down the mountain for a walk."

Since coming to Feilai Peak, Shen Yu has never left here for more than a year, but this time she suddenly said something about going down the mountain.

Su Mo seemed to have known that he would do this for a long time, and said with a smile: "When Master traveled around the world, he brought back a bird. You go and talk to it, and the bird must be willing to fly you down the mountain."

"Thank you, big brother."

Shen Yu thanked her, and then walked down the mountain without any hesitation.

Su Mo looked at the young man's back, shook his head and said, "The boring days are coming to an end."


Shen Yu found the bird by a pool at the foot of the mountain. When she saw it, she couldn't help but sigh secretly. It turned out that the bird that the senior brother was talking about was actually a blue luan.

The feathers are extremely gorgeous and the look is proud.

Shen Yu said that the big brother asked me to come, and the blue luan was very enthusiastic.

Above the sky, there is an extremely thin dark-yellow halo covering the entire inner door of the Dao Sect. Between the halo, countless thin lines of different colors are constantly gathering, dispersing and merging, and some of them are floating in the air without any trace. Wandering around irregularly.

Daozong's world-famous mountain guard formation, the Liangyi Xuanyuan formation.

Rumor has it that this formation was created by the founder of Kaipai, and there is always a great Ascension Boundary cultivator guarding the front of the formation, and there are thirty-six Immortal Ascension Boundary monks in thirty-six directions.

Even if a true immortal descends, it can withstand its full blow.

Shen Yu sat cross-legged on the back of the blue luan bird, turning a blind eye to the gorgeous surroundings, and just closed her eyes and fell asleep.

The spirit bird flew over Daozong, attracting many disciples to watch.

It is known to everyone that there is a divine beast with ancient blood in Yuan Shengdian, but this beast is arrogant, and the senior brother of Yuan Shengdian has never brought it out.

It's just that quite a few smart disciples seem to deduce from what happened on Zuowang Peak that the person sitting on the spirit bird should be the second disciple who is in charge.

"It seems that Shen Yu still came out."

"He is a disciple who has entered the Dao realm, what's the use of coming out? The other three halls have not pursued that matter."

"Ah, look quickly, he has gone to the Palace of Qing Law."

The Qingluan bird flew all the way, and came straight to the sky above the Qinglu Palace. I don't know whether it was intentional or not, but Qingluan's speed seemed to be a little slower.

Fang Henwei's figure appeared above the main hall, his cold eyes stared at the top with a gloomy expression.

Lan Yingxing said from the side: "That kid is still very crazy, do you really think that there is no one in the Palace of Qing Law?"

Chen Jianzhi stood on the steps of the Law Enforcement Pavilion with his hands behind his back, silent.

Ye Zhiqiu's face was frosty and livid.

The spirit bird flew over the Qinglu Palace slowly, without anyone stepping forward to stop it, and soon disappeared into the sea of ​​clouds.

Countless disciples of the Taoist sect stared wide-eyed. They couldn't help but show disappointment when the fierce collision they expected didn't happen.

Afterwards, the blue luan flew over Duanzhen Hall and Yanfa Hall one after another, and finally arrived at Zuowang Peak, which is the most remote place in Daozong.

Shen Yu got up and walked towards the peak.

For more than a year, since he entered the Yuan Temple, there has been very little news about him, so many disciples of Zuowang Peak do not know him.

As a result, when some female disciples saw Shen Yu's handsome face, their eyes lit up, while the male disciples were surprised by the out-of-this-world temperament of the young man, and no one came forward to ask.

Shen Yu came to a remote courtyard on the mountainside, the ground was covered with yellowing leaves, and from time to time there were violent coughing sounds from the house leaning against the cliff.

A woman with a graceful face was lying on the bed, her face was pale, her originally rosy lips had dried up at this time, and her black hair was very messy.

She struggled to get up, trying to get the porcelain cup on the table, but she was weak all over, and she felt dizzy when she stood up.

Yang Liu slowly closed her eyes and let her body fall down.

The next moment, she didn't feel any pain, but a warmth came from her cheeks, it turned out that she fell into someone's arms.


in the house.

Holding the teacup in both hands, Yang Liu leaned against the corner of the bed, staring blankly at the gradually disappearing figure outside the window.

The damaged Liuyun Sword was originally placed in a corner by her, but at this moment, it was radiant and suspended quietly in front of her, with even more aura than before.

After taking a elixir sent by the boy, the originally damaged meridians instantly recovered, and the aura from the heavens and the earth poured into the dantian again, even absorbing it a little faster than before.

After the boy finished these, he just said a few words lightly.

"It's all because of me."

"They hit you, and I'll hit you back."

"The next time something like this happens, go to Feilai Peak and tell me."


Shen Yu stood on the edge of the cliff, he did not leave, but stopped and looked towards the peak covered by the sea of ​​clouds.

No one knew what he was looking at, but the boy's eyes were bright and sharp.

Above the sea of ​​clouds, a middle-aged man in a blue shirt seemed to sense something, so he looked up.

Through countless clouds and mists, the two seem to be able to see each other.

"Zhang Zhi."

Shen Yu said indifferently: "Don't worry, it will be yours soon."

His voice was very soft, but Shen Yu knew that the other party would definitely be able to hear him.

Afterwards, the sea of ​​clouds on the peak suddenly churned violently, and the sound of wind and thunder resounded through the sky.

Shen Yu glanced lightly, then turned and left.

He said that this time he was just going down the mountain for a walk, so whether it was a tour around the Three Palaces, or sitting on the Wangfeng Peak to see the willows, it was just for a look.

Even if he just felt the disdain deliberately shown by Yifeng who had almost stepped into the upper three realms, Shen Yu didn't care.

Some scenery is really only worth seeing.

But no one knows what he will do after seeing it.

Walking all the way down the mountain, many disciples of Zuowang Peak were discussing the Dao Discussion in the Four Halls this time, which was a major event of the Dao Sect in recent years.

These disciples were arguing over whether it was Yu Wenwen, the girl who learned swords from Duzhen Hall, or Fang Hen, who had just left the customs in Qing Lv Hall, and who was more powerful.

"How long is it until the performance of the Four Temples?"

Shen Yu stopped suddenly and asked a female cultivator who was chatting with her companion at the foot of the mountain.

Seeing the young man's handsome face, the woman felt a little shy for some reason, and said in a low voice, "Senior brother, there are still nine days left."

"Thank you." Shen Yu responded and left.

The woman stared blankly at the direction in which the young man was leaving, and murmured, "He has such a demeanor, which hall's senior brother is he?"


Shen Yu stepped on the blue luan bird again and flew into the sky, wanton and unrestrained.

Regardless of his identity, Zhang Shouzuo who sat on Wangfeng Peak destroyed Yangliu's Lingbao and wounded Shang Yingluo and others. All he did was to persecute Shen Yu.

It's just a peak, why do you do this?

What benefits can he get by destroying the spirit treasures of his disciples and injuring the genius disciples of the third hall?

But in Daozong, there are only four halls that can benefit him.

Shen Yu thought about the events of these days carefully, and the gloomy face of Lan Yingxing that day emerged.

It turned out that their purpose was to allow themselves to participate in the Four Temples performance, and then get back their face there.

Shen Yu opened his eyes with a calm expression.

"Nine days should be enough."

Shen Yu murmured to herself, then got up on the back of the blue luan bird, and screamed up to the sky.

In the next moment, the sea of ​​clouds all over the sky dissipated, and countless auras poured into the young man's body frantically.

This scene, like a whale swallowing the sea, shocked the world.


		