

The sky above the sea of ​​clouds is rumbling, from south to north, in an endless stream, as if thunderclaps.

A ray of light pierced the sky.

Somewhere in the barren hills in the south of Dongzu Prefecture, there was a sudden loud noise from the cliffs, and countless dust particles flew around.

At the foot of the mountain, there is smoke rising from the kitchen, and there are a few scattered families. It turned out to be a hidden village.

As a huge boulder fell down from the mountain and smashed a millstone in a small village, the strong men hunting on the mountain, the women who were breaking their mouths inside the house, and the children with braided horns came one after another. .

In less than a while, under the locust tree at the entrance of the village, there was a completely different debate.

Some people say that young people in the village should be allowed to go to the mountains to find out.

There are also old people who are dim-sighted, thinking that the mountain god is angry, and hurriedly warn everyone not to offend the mountain god, and also prevent these young people from going up the mountain.

"There is such a big hole in the mountain. If you don't look carefully, after a few days of heavy rain, the whole village will be submerged in mudslides."

"Confused, this kind of battle might be the battle of strange beasts and mountain gods in the deep mountains, or the fighting of immortals. If you enter the mountains at will, you may suffer disaster."

"Old man Luo, when you are old, you have to obey your old age. Just stay at home and say some unreliable things."

"Xiaozi, I'm afraid that you will offend the gods and implicate our village."

Just as everyone was arguing endlessly, an immature and pure voice sounded.

"I don't think it's necessary to go."

The little boy had big eyes, thick eyebrows, and an ordinary face, but he seemed to contain infinite vitality and was full of vigor.

The old man Luo bent slightly, and said kindly, "Why?"

The little boy in sackcloth blinked, pointed to the mountain and said, "Because someone is coming."


A man in a green shirt appeared in the sight of the villagers.

Until he came under the big locust tree, those people seemed to have not recovered.

The little boy carefully looked at the guy in front of him, feeling very strange.

For example, although his clothes have a few tears, they are very clean without any dust, and his eyes are very deep, which makes him feel a little scared, but the strangest thing is his face, which is very white without a trace of blood, as if White jade is average.

"I don't know if the immortal came here...what's the point?"

The old man Luo bent down and asked cautiously.

When the top of the mountain exploded before, it seemed to everyone that the sky was falling apart, but now the man in front of him came from there again, even a fool would know that it would be related.

Shen Yu's voice was a little hoarse, and she said, "I want to stay here for a while... forty-nine days."

The boy just felt that this person was even more strange. If ordinary people would talk about a few days, a dozen days, or a few months, how could they be so specific.

The old man Luo was taken aback for a moment, and said: "Of course, I'm just afraid that the hospitality will not be good enough, and the immortal will be neglected."

Shen Yu shook her head slightly, thought for a while, and said, "It's okay, I won't treat you badly."

Shen Yu looked at the huge boulder under the big pagoda tree, waved his sleeve lightly, and the stone weighing a thousand catties floated into the distance like a fallen leaf in the wind.

Seeing this scene, many villagers were shocked and even more respectful.


Shen Yu lives in a tiled house of green bricks at the end of the village. There is an open space in front of the door, surrounded by bamboo fences, which is regarded as a yard.

In the deep mountains, the mist rises, the ancient trees are vast, and the air is exceptionally clear.

Such a fairy came to the village, and countless people were awed and curious at the same time.

All day long, many eyes drifted towards that house intentionally or unintentionally. Unfortunately, this immortal seemed to be extremely withdrawn. Since he lived in it, the door has never been opened.

No one dares to bother.

of course there are exceptions.

For example, the boy who once spoke under the big locust tree at the entrance of the village.

Every morning he would knock on the door on time, and he would not be annoyed if he didn't get a response, and he would leave obediently, only to start again the next morning.

Until one time, he really managed to get close to that room, and everyone began to worry, for fear that he would offend the immortal by accident.

But before waiting for a few minutes, the little boy came out with a blank expression on his face.

Countless people surrounded it.

"What did the fairy tell you?"

Old Man Luo, the village head, asked anxiously.

The little boy scratched his head and said, "The fairy asked me what I wanted to do."

Old man Luo whispered, "What do you say?"

The little boy said honestly: "I said I don't do anything, I just want to see what the gods are like."

"and then?"

"The fairy asked me what my name was again."

"What do you say?"

"I said my name is Qingshan."


In the dimly lit room, Shen Yu sat cross-legged on the wooden bed, her eyes closed, and her fingers pinched together, as if she was deducing something.

After a while, there was a faint smell of blood.

There was blood overflowing from the corner of Shen Yu's mouth.

He wiped it off with his hands casually, then opened his eyes, and murmured, "It turned out that someone sent me flying thousands of miles away with a single blow."

The tone seemed very flat, but also seemed a little emotional.

A few days ago, Li Moran's knife from Duanren Mountain sent him flying out of Qianliu City, and he flew in the air for a long time.

Even after these days of self-cultivation, the remaining cold saber energy is still surging in his body.

If he hadn't suppressed it with his own moral will, even if he blocked that shocking knife, he would suffer endless torture in the days to come.

Squeak.

The wooden door was pushed open again.

Qing Shan brought in some unique fruits from the mountains.

These days, I often send some fruits, and I am no longer so restrained.

"God, did you fly down from the sky?"

Seemingly too silent, Qingshan finally asked the question that had been hidden in his heart for a long time.

Shen Yu didn't hide it at all, and said, "I was blown away, and I fell here."

Qing Shan's eyes widened, and he said worriedly: "Then what should we do?"

Shen Yu said calmly: "Naturally, the injury is healed and sent back."

Qingshan seemed to want to say something, but was interrupted by Shen Yu waving.

"go out."

"Oh."

Qingshan pushed open the door and left here.

Immediately afterwards, Shen Yu covered his chest and spit out a large mouthful of blood, and the ground was scarlet.

His injuries are serious, even if he is suppressed in front of him now, his body is already extremely weak.

But even so, his expression was as calm as ever, and there was a faint flow of true meaning in his eyes.


The years in the mountains are leisurely.

The days went by like this.

On the thirteenth day, Shen Yu finally opened the door and walked out of the house.

The mountain wind blows, cold and refreshing.

Qingshan happily introduced various places in the village.

Shen Yu went to the mountains, and brought back countless wild game from the mountains that were no longer alive.

The meat is enough to feed the small village for a whole year, and the villagers are all smiling.

Then the days seemed to return to the leisurely time in Cuizhufeng.

Shen Yu wakes up at sunrise and rests at sunset.

It's evening here.

Shen Yu was enjoying the cool outside.

Qingshan came over with a wooden stick.


		