

The second day, early morning.

Shen Yu saw Yiqiu Qingshan standing outside the door with Mingjian holding Fuchen upside down.

"I'll take you to the inner sect of Taoism."

Shen Yu took a look and found that he was full of vitality and relaxed a lot. It would not be long before he would be able to step into the real cave.

After making the bed and cleaning the celadon tea set, Shen Yu closed the door and found that there was nothing to carry.

It is empty when it comes, and it is empty when it goes.

Without any restraint, it is the true nature of a practitioner.

When I got off Cuizhu Peak, I suddenly felt some regret when I looked at the mountain where I had lived for two years.

In the days to come, there will never be such leisure again.


After crossing the Green Bamboo Peak and passing through a wide swamp, I saw the word Daozong engraved on the cliff in the distance.

Ming Jian said: "Not far away is the inner gate of the Dao Sect. The Great Array of Guarding the Mountain has now been opened. You must not fly the imperial object, otherwise you will be annihilated by the Great Array."

After that, the two walked silently on the mountain road without mentioning what happened yesterday.

Shen Yu felt the irregular aura of spiritual treasures in the sky, which was somewhat the same as the place on the back mountain of the Yanfa Palace, and asked casually: "This large formation guarding the mountain is the Master Daoxuan of the Yanfa Palace sitting in the town. Bar."

As soon as the words fell, Mingjian looked at him as if he had seen a ghost.

Shen Yu shook her head, knowing what it meant, and said, "It's just a random guess."

"This matter is a secret matter of the Taoist sect and should not be spread at will."

Ming Jian thought for a while, then said in a low voice: "However, some disciples can guess, after all, there are inextricable connections between the Mountain Guarding Formation and the Yanfa Palace, and there is also a spirit of spiritual treasures in the place of asking the mind. "

Shen Yu nodded slightly, he had thought of this as early as when he was at the back of Yanfa Hall.

It's just that Shen Yu doesn't care about it.

What he cares about is that the seemingly chaotic spirits of spiritual treasures in the sky have mysterious multiplication and changes, and there seems to be a trace of familiarity.

very strange.

Passing through that rocky cliff, and came to another mountain top, Shen Yu glanced back inadvertently, Gu Jing's eyes finally had some ripples this time.

"Everyone in the world who can fight and thinks he is good at fighting is actually not enough to fight."

These twenty-four characters seem to be carved on the cliff with fingers, and there is a torrential momentum exuding from the cracks in the ancient rocks.

"It is said that this is the words left by a Taoist patriarch himself with his fingers, and practitioners all over the world are also talking about it."

Seeing that Shen Yu lost his usual indifference, he smiled.

Every new disciple of Daozong will stop here to watch, and then lose the calmness of the past.

This sentence is too arrogant and domineering, and it also contains lofty sentiments.

Obviously thinking about it, young people are still young after all, no matter how calm Shen Yu is, there will be some passionate moments after all.

It's a pity that he didn't take a serious look at Shen Yu's expression, and didn't notice that besides surprise, there seemed to be some other emotions in the handsome young man's eyes.

"This is what I said back then, why did it appear here?"

Shen Yu was a little puzzled, staring at the cliff, and remained silent for a long time.

He was a little surprised by the Spiritual Treasure Qi of the big guarding formation before, but these twenty-four characters made him have some bad guesses.

Mingjian asked, "What's wrong?"

Shen Yu took a deep breath, shook her head slightly, then turned and left, "It's nothing, let's go."


The two walked all the way, and because of the reason of guarding the mountain formation, they walked for a long time, alternating day and night.

"Who is the founding patriarch of Taoism?"

"It's a bit strange to say, but no one in the sect has ever heard of the name of that patriarch."

"How many years has it been passed down?"

"More than three thousand years."

Shen Yu kept asking about Taoism, which surprised Ming Jian, but he answered everything he knew.

Finally, when it was approaching dusk, Shen Yu said: "I heard that Taoism has a palace where the portraits of the ancestors of the past are stored. I want to go and see it."

"Students are not allowed to enter without the decree of the head of the sect. Only the head of the sect and the masters of the four palaces are eligible to set foot there."

Mingming didn’t know why he suddenly became interested and wanted to know about Daozong, but it was a good thing, so he continued: “However, there is also a statue of the Patriarch on the square in front of the Patriarch’s Hall. You can Go see."

Daozong has a huge area, and there are countless peaks.

Not far away there is a green mountain peak in the sea of ​​clouds, and above the peak there is a wide flat land, called Qingcuiping.

There is the place where the inner disciples of Taoism practice and live.

The most important Fenbao Cliff of Taoism is behind Qingcuiping.

That's where Shen Yu is going.

The two walked up the mountain slowly, and finally saw the open land.

"Speaking of which, your breakthrough was a little sudden, and you didn't get the residence talisman for a while, so you can stay with Shang Yingluo for one night. I heard that you have a good relationship."

After Mingjian finished speaking, his lips moved slightly, and finally he said thank you softly.

Shen Yu nodded, he already knew that Ming Jian wanted to say this all the time.

After Mingjian left, Shen Yu turned around and walked in another direction.


In front of the Patriarch Hall.

In the center of the magnificent square, there are thousands of steps leading to a square platform made of obsidian.

Shen Yu walked slowly on the stone steps.

The sky also began to rain lightly, and the sound of rain and footsteps echoed in the empty square.

Shen Yu let the rain get wet and didn't care.

Finally, the boy climbed onto the high platform and saw the tall statue.

"Oh it's you."

The statue is a man in a long gown, with his hands behind his back, looking at the mountains and rivers thousands of miles away, with extraordinary momentum.

Even though the face carved from sapphire was blunt and lifeless, Shen Yu still recognized who he was at a glance.

The handsome young man's green shirt rises without wind, surging like sea waves, anger, puzzlement, sadness, surprise... Various emotions appear one after another.

After a while, the boy closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, those complex emotions had long since disappeared, and he had regained the previous calmness and tranquility that did not match his age.

"It's been a long time. In the endless years, many people will die, but I didn't expect you to be among them."

"Only you can create such a huge sect."

"You like to learn swords, but you don't like to practice Taoism. You yearn for the kind of unrestrained and unrestrained swordsmanship, but in the end why did you still stay with the Taoist sect, and even deliberately engraved what I once said on the cliff with your own Taoism?"

"What do you want to tell me?"

Shen Yu looked at the statue and murmured in a low voice.

There were bursts of thunder, and heavy rain came down.


		