

"It's just a matter of time."

When the middle-aged man heard this, his face was a little strange, and he seemed to be a little emotional, with a complex expression.

He gulped down the bowl of wine, smashed his mouth, and said, "This wine is much better than the wine in my shop."

Shen Yu sat on the wobbly stool and asked curiously, "Why haven't I heard of you in Daozong?"

It is a strange thing that a true spearman who is ranked first in the world is unknown in the Taoist sect and even in the world.

The man didn't take it seriously at all, and said: "I have left Taoist sect since I was a child and traveled around incognito. When I return to Taoist sect, I will either retreat directly or sleep. I don't have the time to wander outside."

The corner of the middle-aged man's mouth revealed a trace of self-mockery, "What's more, after I massacre in Fengdu City, how can my... Daozong protect me?"

After the tragic massacre ten years ago, the situation after that was tragic, the realm was high, and the number of people was even far beyond the imagination of everyone in the world.

In just a few days, the middle-aged man seemed to be the enemy of the whole world.

Shen Yu didn't say anything, but said lightly: "Not everyone has this opportunity."

The middle-aged man was taken aback for a moment, and suddenly became pleasing to the kid in front of him, laughed and said: "That's right, I'm pretty good at fighting."

A ray of breeze blows from the village road in the middle of the night.

Shen Yu turned her head and looked out.

The middle-aged man looked calm and said, "Let's go."

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said: "That child is not suitable for entering the world early, and it will easily destroy his own innocence."

The man said bluntly: "I will throw Qingshan to Daozong, and then it will depend on his own fortune."

Shen Yu nodded slightly.

Everything in the world pays attention to inheritance and Taoism.

Although the two people present never cared about these secular rules, they all had kindness and teachings in their hearts when they saw an immature innate Taoist body.

This is how all the torches in the world are passed on.

Shen Yu stood up and walked out the door.

The middle-aged man looked at his back and suddenly said, "Wait."

Shen Yu stopped slightly.

The middle-aged man seemed a little drunk, narrowed his eyes slightly, and said, "You are very appetizing to me. If I still have time in the future, I will teach you my gun skills."

Shen Yu nodded.

The middle-aged man stared and said, "Why, I didn't show it at all, so I just pretended to be grateful."

Shen Yu didn't turn back and walked out, "Maybe you need a reason to kill someone, but you don't actually need a reason to save someone, and the same is true for the inheritance of the Dao."

The middle-aged man seemed to be reminiscing about this sentence, and after a while he curled his lips and shook his head, and said, "Stinky boy, speaking of the truth, I'm your little uncle at least in terms of seniority."


Shen Yu walked through the dark path and came to the entrance of the village.

There is a colorful luan bird in the air.

A familiar figure stood on the back of the spirit bird.

Shen Yu's figure flashed onto the Luan Niao, and then the spirit bird raised its head to the sky and screamed, flapping its colorful wings and began to fly towards the sky.

Su Mo then threw a elixir from his sleeve and said, "The injury is really not optimistic. Fortunately, I brought a few elixir special products of Daozong."

Shen Yu swallowed the elixir and began to recuperate cross-legged.

As waves of mild medicinal power spread in the body, and then flowed through the internal organs, the saber energy that was flowing around in the body was suppressed even more.

Su Mo thought for a while and said, "That woman was injured a little while fighting with me, and she probably won't bother you again in the near future."

Sword Immortal Li Moran's cultivation is so strong that he can be regarded as one of the best in Linghuang.

However, Su Mo, who had never tried cultivation and had no cultivation base, said this without any abruptness, so calm.

What's more interesting is that Shen Yu didn't seem to be interested in the news, but looked at Su Mo's back with a little surprise.

Su Mo nodded and smiled and said, "That's right, the master gave this thing to me because he was afraid that I would be in danger. It's a pity that I don't know how to use a sword, so I can barely use it as a deterrent."

Shen Yu nodded slightly, and said with a smile: "So that's the case."

Su Mo went on to say: "Sword Immortal Li Moran was injured, but the foundation is still there. If the younger brother has a grudge, it is best to wait for the future to achieve success in cultivation."

Judging from the various deeds of entering Daozong, Shen Yu can be regarded as a very vengeful person.

Being beaten thousands of miles away with a single knife, and the injury is still so serious, the more you don't say it, it means you remember it in your heart.

What's more, Su Mo knew this junior brother very well.

He is actually a very face-saving person.

Shen Yu looked as usual, and said lightly: "The years of cultivation are long, so don't worry, brother."

The spirit bird submerged into the sea of ​​clouds, and the oncoming moisture and strong wind made the clothes of the two of them rattle.

One blue and one white.

Not long after they left the village.

An invisible spear formation soared into the sky, and the domineering and unparalleled spear intent densely surrounded the small village, isolating all the auras of heaven and earth.

Shen Yu looked back, if she didn't look with her own eyes, she wouldn't be able to find any vitality at all.

Su Mo explained with a smile: "It should be for insurance."

Shen Yu asked: "Why don't you go in and sit down?"

Su Mo thought for a while and said with a smile, "I'm afraid of being scolded."

Shen Yu frowned and asked, "Who the hell is he?"

Shen Yu never asked this question in the restaurant, because he felt that the other party would not actually answer.

Su Mo smiled slightly, and said: "There are so many lists on the three floors of the academy, among which the Lingyun list is opened once every hundred years, recording the young generation's favored children in the Linghuang Continent, but at the same time, the academy also has a list that records the real A top practitioner."

Shen Yu closed her eyes slightly, waiting for the next text.

Su Mo said softly: "A hundred years ago, he ranked first among the younger generation on Lingyun List."

"Thirty years ago, he was ranked fifth in the ascension list."

"He is the youngest junior among the four masters of Daozong, and he is also the most talented one."

"With hundreds of years of history, he was the youngest cultivator when he was on the list."

"He called to the sky."


Shen Yu looked at the bright galaxy in the sky, but didn't speak.

He is very aware of the other party's cultivation base, so he is not surprised by these things.

There was just one thing that puzzled him.

Shen Yu said: "He shouldn't be possessed."

Not a question, but an affirmative tone.

Su Mo's face was indifferent, and he said calmly: "Some places allow Daozong to have one cultivation genius, but not two at the same time, such as the Nanman Demon Realm, the Demon Realm, the Land of Thousand Rivers, the Great Tang, and even... the Nine Great Sacred Lands." . '

Shen Yu snorted and murmured, "The whole world?"

The wind at night became more rapid, the stars were shining brightly, and the speed of the spirit bird also slowed down.

Su Mo stood with his hands behind his back and said: "That year, in that vigorous battle of Fengdu City, it seemed that the beloved girl of my uncle was captured by the people in the city, which aroused public anger, but secretly fueled the flames. Too much."

"What's more interesting is that these people didn't necessarily plan and discuss in advance, but they must have kept silent or even agreed on a certain issue at a certain point, which led to the final tragedy."

"Obviously, they don't want my Taoist sect to have a second person who can change the entire spirit shortage situation."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Thinking about it carefully, this is really a boring and corny story.

Su Mo raised his head to look at the sky, closed the coffin and concluded: "The entire Linghuang remained silent, using an upright plan to destroy the little uncle, and at the same time destroy a peerless genius with the talent for ascension in the Taoist sect."

Shen Yu looked calm, and said lightly: "But this matter is not over, I look forward to that day."

Su Mo looked up at the deep night sky, smiled after a while and said, "Yes."


		