

After Shen Yu had gone through a long and complicated period of gaining momentum, she finally let out the turbid air in her chest.

He pointed his right hand, and then murmured, "Go!"

I saw the jade sword cut through the sky, and a white line stretched out, shooting towards Zhang Zhi in the distance.

There was nothing earth-shattering, and there was no brilliant air flow, but a gap appeared in the open space between Shen Yu and Zhang Zhi.

This sword contains the spiritual power of Shen Yu's whole body, as well as endless sword intent.

In this style, the strength of the sword and the power of the sword are already the limit that Shen Yu can achieve now.


A feeling of imminent death enveloped Zhang Zhi's heart in an instant. He abruptly stopped the stabbing ancient sword, and turned to hold the horizontal sword in his chest. The majestic sword energy radiated violently from his body.

In the next second, the sword light hit the sword in front of Zhang Zhi, and the latter slid back tens of feet due to the huge force.

The jade sword remained in the same direction, layer upon layer of wave-like sword energy was continuously superimposed, pressing Zhang Zhi, who was already at the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary, unable to move at all, and kept retreating.

Zhang Zhi suppressed the surging energy and blood in his body, and cursed: "You bastard, when I reach this sword, I will surely tear you to pieces."

Shen Yu said lightly from a distance: "Attack."

boom!

The sword light suddenly appeared on the body of the jade sword, and the sword became a little stronger.

Ding!

There was a sound of shattering, and tiny cracks appeared on the blade of the ancient sword on Zhang Zhi's chest.

Zhang Zhi's heart trembled. Shen Yu destroyed the Zizai Sword, which was connected to his mind and mind, on Motianya. Although this ancient sword was of similar quality, it had not been refined for a long time, and he hadn't done it yet. Until the sword is harmonious.

If the ancient sword is broken, I'm afraid there will be no more spiritual treasures. Facing Shen Yu, who knows the art of controlling swords in the Sword Immortal City, he can only resist passively.

This time, the leader of Zuowang Peak, who had been so easy to kill Shen Yu, felt a little bit of regret for his choice for the first time.

If he had been killed with lightning from the beginning, or if he had not listened to Fang Hen's instigation from the beginning to the end, what would have happened?

It's just that Shen Yu didn't give him a chance to regret it, and drove the jade sword again.

boom!

The jade sword hit Zhang Zhi's ancient sword Lingbao again, and the majestic sword energy instantly shook the latter's chest.

Zhang Zhi spat out a mouthful of blood, and wanted to do something to resist, the jade sword flew over again.

Repeat this several times.

The fierce sword energy slashed across Zhang Zhi's body, each time bringing a deep scar. At this time, Zhang Shouzuo's solemn blue shirt was already in tatters, and his body was covered with blood.

Shen Yu's expression remained calm.

The jade sword that was just obtained was not different from the beginning to the end, even if it was only a few sacrifices, at this moment the jasper sword pierced Zhang Zhi's eyebrows like a needle.

bland.

But Zhang Zhi had an unprecedented solemn look on his face. From the very beginning, he knew that this must be Shen Yu's last killer move.

So he endured dozens of previous sword attacks, just for Shen Yu's last sword.

In his opinion, as long as he blocked the sword, Shen Yu's spiritual power would be exhausted, and in the end, he would still be the winner.

At this moment, Zhang Zhi finally showed the tenacious will of a great monk in the Immortal Ascension Boundary.

He endured the severe pain all over his body, his hands turned into a strange puppet, he pressed forward suddenly, and roared: "Shock!"

The surging spiritual energy collided with the jade sword suddenly, without the slightest sound, without waves or ripples.

The milky white spiritual power wrapped around the jade sword.

Like a lingering thread.

Between the two, Bi Yujian stabbed at Zhang Zhi's eyebrows at an extremely slow and steady speed in mid-air.

Five feet...three feet...three feet.

Finally, it slowly stopped an inch in front of Zhang Zhi's eyebrows.

Zhang Zhi's eyes were bright red, his arms were bulging with veins, and his body was covered in sweat, but he still couldn't help laughing out loud. The arrogant laughter resounded throughout the forest.

"very funny?"

An indifferent voice suddenly sounded in his ear.

Zhang Zhi had put all his attention on the jasper sword, when he suddenly raised his head, he saw a pair of indifferent eyes.

In an instant, his face turned pale.

Because Shen Yu came to him.

Moreover, he was holding a sword in his voice.

A wooden sword.

"Do not..."

Zhang Zhi's face was pale, his lips moved slightly to say something, but stopped abruptly.

Because the red sword cut across his neck lightly.

Only the crisp sound of flesh and blood being separated could be heard in the silent mountain.

next moment.

Zhang Zhi's head was completely separated from his body, and then fell to the ground.

As soon as the boy in black struggled to get up from the ground, he saw blood gushing out from the headless body, as brilliant as fireworks.


In addition to Yang Kaitai, the elder who passed on the practice of sitting on Wangfeng, two Taoist Immortal Boundary practitioners have died in Shen Yu's hands.

In fact, both times, they were very lucky.

The first time was relying on Jingqing's surprise, the wooden sword, and the second time was relying on the desperate entanglement of the monster black snake, as well as his skill of controlling the sword that required a long time to accumulate but was extremely flawed.

Of course, the most important thing in all of this is Shen Yu herself. If it were someone else, no matter how many Lingbao ancient swords and powerful helpers, there is no way to cross the border to kill people.

Shen Yu squatted down, ignoring the blood that was still gushing out, and groped on Zhang Zhi's body.

After a while, Shen Yu got up and walked towards the boy in black.

Fugui seemed to be stunned by this scene, and has not recovered yet.

After a while, he just woke up, blinked his eyes, and saw Shen Yu holding the wooden sword that was still bleeding in his right hand. He didn't know what he thought of, and fell to his knees with a plop, begging: "Sir, sir, You can't kill me, I'm loyal to my husband, I can't do that kind of murder to silence my mouth."

A hard object suddenly hit his head, and then fell in front of him.

The little boy froze for a moment, looked away, and then a bright light came out of his eyes, and he grabbed the simple blue ring with one crouch.

"Ahem... sir, just now I... just... hehe..."

While explaining something, the little boy put the ring into his arms, accidentally touched the wound, and couldn't help grinning and screaming in pain.

Shen Yu glanced at it, and was also moved in her heart.

The flesh of the Yaozu is inherently tough, not to mention the black snake with the blood of the dragon. Even though Zhang Zhi has injured it so many times, it seems that it is only a skin trauma and has not hurt the original source.

Shen Yu said: "Can you handle Zhang Zhi's body?"

He didn't want this matter to be known, at least for now, he didn't want to encounter additional troubles.

The little boy patted his chest and assured him: "Don't worry, sir, I will make sure he has no ashes in a while."

Shen Yu looked at the sky and said, "Take a day off, we are leaving tomorrow."

"Okay." The little boy happily agreed, and then picked up Zhang Zhi's body and ran up the mountain.

Looking at the small figure going away, Shen Yu opened his palm, and a quaint jade tablet lay in it, with the word 'South' engraved on it.

Shen Yu's eyes were full of indifference.

The Land of Thousands of Rivers, Antarctic Pavilion.

This group of ground mice is now so big that the master of the peak of Daozong also came from there.


after one day.

Shen Yu sat cross-legged on the top of the mountain.

The jade sword named 'Drinking Blood' has not been fully refined, and it is being warmed in his dantian at this time, and there is also a small red wooden sword surrounding him.

The boy in black sat aside, looking at the ring on his left hand and then at the ring on his right hand, his face was full of complacency.

Both rings have been filled with gold and jade treasures.

At this moment, he was thinking in his heart, this time he went down the mountain, besides looking for a big river to transform dragons, he would collect all the treasures in the world, and also find eight rings with hands full.

Shen Yu exhaled the turbid air in his chest, flicked his sleeves lightly, and Jing Qingjian disappeared into his body immediately.

The morning light shimmered.

"Let's go."

Shen Yu got up and walked down the mountain.

The boy in black also jumped up, following closely behind with his hands in his pockets.

Shen Yu said, "Healed?"

The boy smiled and said, "Not yet, but I have rough skin and thick flesh, so it's fine."

On the mountain road, the two gradually walked side by side.

Even Xiao Tong didn't realize that as he walked out of the world, the resistance that had arisen spontaneously from the bottom of his heart in the past completely disappeared this time.

"Sir, are there too many rings outside?"

"Not much."

"Sir, do you think I can succeed if I go to the river?"

"Can."

"Sir, why don't I change my name to Shen Zhaocai."

"I think the name Li Fugui is okay."

"Haha, yeah, that's what I thought too. An old master who passed by the mountains picked it up for me, because he liked to chatter too much, and it made me dizzy."

"talkative."

"what."

"Those masters and scholars in the world are mainly academies, and they are the most pedantic and love to preach."

"How did you know?"

"Because they liked to reason with me back then."

"Uh!"


Pingyao Ancient Town, the most famous town within a thousand miles.

This small town is located at an estuary of the East China Sea. There is an endless stream of businessmen traveling between the two continents, and the shops in the town are full of goods.

It took Shen Yu and the boy Li Fugui four days to come here. Shen Yu was happy and quiet, but the little girl in black couldn't stop talking along the way. Impatient.

At this time, the two were sitting on a tea stand at the gate of the city to rest, surrounded by a steady stream of people coming and going.

"Sir, are those people still there?" The boy asked while holding a large rough porcelain bowl.

"exist."

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent. He didn't know it was Zhang Zhi at the beginning, but he also let down a ray of original breath on that maid Caiwei.

Shen Yu lowered her head in thought, because she didn't know how to explain the origin of the boy in black to them.

He has never been good at these things, and while he was thinking, a few people on the surrounding tables suddenly caught his attention.

"Old Wang, have you heard? I heard that the immortal master of Guiyun Xianzong arrived here yesterday."

"Ah, is it true? This is the sect of the immortal family. There are rumors that they plan to come to us to recruit some cultivation seeds."

"No wonder there are more people in the town. Many aristocratic families from the southeast have come here."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly.

It seems that the place where the silly girl pretending to be a maid is going is Guiyun Xianzong.


		