

Shen Yu ignored the murderous old man behind him, but silently looked at the huge Buddha statue in the distance.

Seeing this scene, Ximen Guan's face became more and more gloomy, and the spiritual power in his body flowed quietly, and he gritted his teeth word by word: "I'm giving you a chance to speak, otherwise, no matter how powerful your background is, I'll still knock you out of your wits on the spot."

Ximen Guan, who was vigilant by nature, didn't act immediately. The other party was so reckless, there must be something to rely on.

Shen Yu finally turned her head and looked at the old man.

A practitioner who has half a foot into the upper three realms, in Shen Yu's eyes at this time, is a very difficult existence for the opponent. The difference in realm is too large, and it is very troublesome to fight.

But killing this person was one of the things he promised Yun Qing, and the most important reason why he was willing to do this was the news that woman said yesterday.

"Someone asked me to kill you."

Shen Yu stood with her hands behind her back, and said calmly: "I agreed, because the man told me that you are from the land of Qianchuan, and I... hate the people from that place very much."

As soon as the words fell, Ximen Guan's eyes and pupils tightened, and his hands in his sleeves were clenched suddenly.

next moment.

The majestic and ethereal opportunity instantly enveloped the surroundings, blocking all sight.

Ximenguan stared at Shen Yu, and said, "Who told you this?"

"It seems that she is right."

Shen Yu's expression remained unchanged, and he continued: "Then, let me ask you, is the land of Qianchuan known as the four poles?"

Ximen Guan looked around vigilantly, and said with a sneer, "So what? So what?"

Shen Yu glanced at him and said seriously: "If not, you might die easier."

Ximen Guan seemed to have heard a big joke, and couldn't help laughing wantonly.

It was something he had never encountered before for a little cultivator at the Golden Core Realm to threaten him with such a condescending tone.

The laughter stopped abruptly.

"die!"

Ximen Guan yelled suddenly, and slapped Shen Yu across the air, without any warning, his behavior was astonishing.

The violent aura fluctuated, and a huge illusory hand suddenly appeared in the sky and fell from the sky.

It turned out that from the very beginning, Ximen Guan began to prepare for this attack when he came here.

When Shen Yu saw this scene, she didn't care about it, and she didn't mean to avoid it at all.

Then, the scene was a little weird.

When the giant palm transformed with spiritual power approached the top of Shen Yu's head, it was instantly shattered like Haruyuki's smile, and then the spiritual power was exhausted and rippled, like a gust of wind sweeping the ground, making the two people's clothes rattle.

Ximen watched this scene, his pupils constricted, and his expression was uncertain. After a while, he still didn't give up, and his body turned into a rainbow and ran towards Shen Yu.

It seems to be immortal.

However, there was only a bang, and Ximen Guan's body flew backwards, and slammed into the distant stone wall fiercely.

A monkey appeared in front of Shen Yu.

In fact, it has been standing behind Shen Yu all the time, and it is silent.

At this time, Ximen Guan finally saw who the guy who shot was, his face was full of horror and disbelief.

Why did the mountain guardian beast he belonged to Yunxianzong protect an outsider? Could it be because of hearing about the Land of Thousand Rivers?

Ximen Guan's mind was shocked, and the next moment, his whole body turned into a stream of light and flew into the distance.

Shen Yu said lightly: "It's useless."

The little monkey slapped lightly upon hearing the words.

There was no abnormal phenomenon, but the Ximen Temple in the distance seemed to be knocked down by someone's palm to knock down the dust, and the whole figure suddenly fell, and hit heavily into the crevice of the rock below.

A moment later, a majestic aura erupted from the gravel, and a figure soared into the sky.

Then the little monkey pressed down with his palm again, and the aggressive old man couldn't resist at all, and fell to the ground again like a dead dog.

Rumble!

I saw repeated several times in succession, and there was no movement in the distance.

From the beginning to the end, the little monkey did not show the slightest fluctuation of spiritual power.

"Who are you?...Why did you do this?" Ximen's face was ashen, with an extremely confused expression.

That random palm just now had completely smashed his dantian.

But what he couldn't understand the most was the behavior of this divine beast. No one in Guiyun Xianzong had seen this divine beast make a move for hundreds of years. Their head teacher was also very respectful when facing this divine beast, not daring to show any disrespect.

Who is this person?

Shen Yu said calmly, "Now you can answer my question."

Ximen's heart was ashamed, and he murmured: "I told you, can I save my life?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "You are not qualified to negotiate terms with me."

There was a look of despair in Ximen Guan's eyes, and after a while, he tremblingly said: "The land of Qianchuan was indeed called the four poles of south, east, north and west hundreds of years ago, but it was withdrawn later for some reason."

Shen Yu got the answer, narrowed her eyes slightly, raised her head and looked towards the horizon.

Three thousand years ago, there was a very prosperous sect in this continent called Mingzong, whose strength can even be compared with today's Daozong. A great practitioner who has stepped into the fairyland.

However, the powerful sect with such a profound background suddenly disappeared overnight and fell instantly when it was in full swing.

No one knew who made such a sect disappear, but Shen Yu knew, because it was he who made this sect disappear.

He still remembered saying back then that as long as Shen Yu was alive, no one would ever walk the world in the name of Mingzong.

It was Shen Yu's rare shot before he was about to step into another world, so he remembered this sentence very clearly.

"Mingzong, the land of Qianchuan, it seems that I have one more thing to do."

Shen Yu thought silently, then turned to look at Ximen Temple, and asked, "Is there anything else you want to say?"

"No..." Ximen Guan's eyes widened suddenly, his face full of despair, but before he could speak, his heart was instantly shattered by the monkey.

The little monkey let go of his palm, and the latter's tall figure suddenly fell to the ground like a puddle of mud.

Shen Yu didn't take a second look, but just stepped to the front of the huge Buddha statue, tapped the ground lightly, his body was as tall as nine heavens, and then he stood directly on top of the huge head of the Buddha statue.

The sky was full of clouds and clouds, Shen Yu sat cross-legged casually, looked up, and had a panoramic view of Guiyun Xianzong and the mountains and rivers thousands of miles around.

The little monkey with a very high seniority in Guiyun Xianzong stood aside like an attendant with his head bowed, silent.

If this scene is seen by others, they will definitely find it incredible.

Shen Yu looked at the sky and traveled thousands of miles.

The purpose of his visit this time was actually this little monkey, but he suddenly discovered that he might still not get the answer.

There was a slight fluctuation in the air suddenly.

The man who had met at the attic before appeared beside him.

The man in Confucian shirt smiled at the little monkey, and said, "My name is Jiang Zhouyao."

Shen Yu had heard this name before, so she naturally knew about the other party, and said lightly, "What's the matter?"

"This divine beast has lived from three thousand years ago to the present, and has never been driven by humans."

The man said gently: "This time it is really unbelievable, so I dare to ask for advice."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

He didn't know this little monkey, but he knew the ancestors of its family, and more importantly, Shen Yu was inextricably related to this family, so before the arrival of Ximen Temple, he had already been with this little monkey. The monkeys communicated with their unique spirit.

It's just that he naturally wouldn't tell anyone about this kind of thing.

Shen Yu asked suddenly: "The vitality in his body is different, not like the creatures from three thousand years ago."

Jiang Zhouyao looked calm, and said: "Some people in the world say that they are bound by a cocoon. In fact, there is really a cocoon refined from the purest original spiritual power in the world. If someone arranges a special formation, plus a strong person above the fairyland If you seal it yourself, you will be able to bind the vitality of all objects in the cocoon so that it will not pass away."

Shen Yu nodded slightly, as if thinking.

Then there was a slight frown, because he thought of a question.

Jiang Zhouyao seemed to be able to see through people's hearts, and then said: "I'm also thinking about this question. Three thousand years ago, what kind of terrifying existence could allow a peak-level demon cultivator to deliberately seal his descendants to survive until now."

What kind of situation is it that the ancestors need to continue the bloodline in this way?

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows and murmured, "Mie Shi?"


		