

The morning sun looming in the sea of ​​clouds rose, and then illuminated most of the clouds in the sky.

Yang Pan'er opened his eyes in a daze, and saw Shen Yu looking intently, silently looking into the distance.

"What are you looking at."

"Stars."

Yang Pan'er was puzzled and said, "What do you want to see?"

Shen Yu said: "It is rumored that every time a star disappears, it means that a person in the world has died, and his soul returns to heaven and earth."

"If the disappearing star is very bright, it means that the person is very strong or great."

"A very great person is dead, you have to look at it."

Yang Pan'er rolled her eyes and said, "My father told me when I was a child that the shooting stars across the sky are the imprints left by countless people after their deaths."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "No, those meteors are not marks of human beings."

Yang Pan'er scratched her head and asked, "What is that?"

"desire."

Shen Yu raised her head, was silent for a while, and said calmly: "There are countless people's wishes in the starry sky."

Yang Pan'er felt so speechless, but looked at Shen Yu's side face, but did not speak.

Because that face was unquestionable, as if it was just telling a simple fact.

Yang Pan'er suddenly didn't know what to say.

With the passage of time, most of the competitions have ended, but everyone's face is not tired, but more energetic.

The first places in various competitions were gradually announced, and Sanxiu, who usually won the first place, was satisfied, while more people were waiting to see what happened next.

Because this is about to affect the reshuffle of the forces in the city, although the Qingxu faction is undoubtedly the number one in the eyes of everyone, the outcome of the rest, especially the Yang family, is of great concern.

With this thought in mind, the eyes of countless people moved to Shen Yu again.

His previous performance on the painting path shocked everyone, and it is not known whether he can turn the tide in the future.


In the center of the round platform, another high platform suddenly rose from the ground, and once again went up hundreds of feet.

Facing everyone's eyes, several figures soared into the sky and jumped onto the final competition venue.

Shen Yu raised his head and took a look.

Yan Yunyu of Qingxu School, Nangong Rou of Nangong Family, Dongfang Duan of Dongfang Family, and Gu Ming, one of the last four families, are all listed here.

Shen Yu took an extra look at Dongfang Duan.

He remembered this competition, only the first place was eligible to participate in the final competition.

"After all, it is the Dongfang family, how could it be possible to be absent from this important event."

Zhao Ji saw Shen Yu's doubts, and explained: "Last night, he took part in the piano competition again and won the championship."

Shen Yu said with a touch of teasing, "It seems that he is very good at playing piano, chess, calligraphy and painting."

With a sneer on Zhao Ji's face, she mocked, "No one cares about the process, anyway, he is the one who wins in the end."

The interests and disputes behind major events related to the rise and fall of families such as the Xianyu mine vein are far beyond the imagination of others.

Shen Yu didn't care, tapped her toes, and appeared on the high platform in an instant.

Everyone in the venue looked at Shen Yu with vigilance on their faces.

The way of painting in that realm is very impressive.

"start."

As a man in purple with a soft face issued orders at the edge of the platform, the atmosphere on the high platform became colder.

In this kind of group battle, it is the most correct choice to join hands to eliminate the strongest person, or to keep the best state and watch the fire from the shore.

It's just that no one took the lead, and it was very quiet.

As Yan Yunyu, who has a profound realm among them, she just looked at Shen Yu with a smile.

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly.

Because Dongfang Duan and Gu Ming stood beside him.

Countless people exclaimed.

Different from Junyi in the east, Gu Ming's face is rough and ugly, his skin is dark, his body is like a hill, and he is full of momentum.

It's just that many people couldn't understand it, and Yang Yuanhao's expression was extremely embarrassing.

When did the Dongfang family and the Gu family join hands with the Qingxu sect again?

The ambition of the Qingxu Sect is well known in the city, and there are even rumors outside that the Qingxu Sect will soon annex the four schools and occupy the entire Xianyu mine.

Don't they know the reason why the lips are dead and the teeth are cold?

Shen Yu thought for a while, then looked at the other side.

Nangongrou looked demonic, shook his head and said, "I won't interfere."

Shen Yu snorted, then raised her legs and prepared to walk towards that direction.

"You are Shen Yu?"

Another cold voice sounded at this moment.

Shen Yu heard the reputation and looked over.

Apart from the Qingxu faction and the four families, the only ugly man dressed as a martial artist stood out.

He looked at Shen Yu, twitched his lips, and said with disdain: "You are good at painting, but you don't know how to cultivate?"

For thousands of years, any wars and grievances that can change the course of history, no matter how earth-shattering or far-reaching, actually started with some trivial things that happened to some people.

These little things are so small that people sometimes can't believe it.

A movement, a look, and even an understatement will do the same.

for example...

Do you think tofu nao is sweet or salty?

Another example...

"have you eaten?"

"You can't see if you eat or not."


The man's words obviously represented this kind of meaning, revealing hostility and contempt.

Everyone in the city recognized who he was.

Qianliu City is governed by Yan Beiwang.

But more importantly, he is the cousin of Yan Nantian, the head of the Qingxu sect, and he is also recognized as the person who can replace the Yang family after its decline.

And this move is even more difficult to explain.

Let a person who is nominally far away from the four families defeat the Yang family, in terms of face and future influence, it is justified, and it will also allow those subordinates of the Yang family to find a reason for themselves.

Yan Yunyu watched this scene with a smile.

The rest of the people didn't respond at all.

Shen Yu stopped in her tracks.

Unlike other people with different expressions, he has always been calm.

It doesn't matter whether it's one person or three.

Shen Yu said: "You admit defeat now, I will spare your life."

He looked at Yan Yunyu and completely missed that warrior.

Yan Yunyu suddenly felt it was ridiculous, sneered, and said, "Get lost."


		