

Fragments of the Freedom Sword were scattered on the ground, and countless disciples did not recover for a long time, until the boy's voice sounded again, and everyone woke up.

This is the natal spirit treasure of Zhang Zhi, the first seat on Zuowang Peak, and the boy actually destroyed it.

Zhang Shouzuo is a great monk who has almost stepped into the upper three realms, and his realm has reached the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary many years ago.

And before destroying the sword, there was another person who also spoke to stop it, and this person had a more noble status.

That is Xun Ju, the lord of Qinglu Palace.

The young man didn't hesitate in the face of the two Daoist figures, and in front of everyone, he destroyed the natal Lingbao that had accompanied Zhang Shouzuo all his life.

Heroes come from teenagers.

"This kid is very brave."

The other six peaks on the stand first looked at the young man with amazement and curiosity, and also some appreciation.

Yu Wenwen's eyes stayed on Shen Yu, and this person shocked her again.

Yan Fa Temple was very quiet. Fan Weimin, who was dressed as an old farmer, kept looking at the young man in the field, full of surprise and curiosity, and secretly sighed that this is a man of temperament.

Fan Weimin also heard that the mediocre female disciple of Zuowang Peak was destroyed by Fu Yi and was seriously injured. Only nine days later, Shen Yu did the same thing, and it was a fugue who destroyed The natal spirit treasure at the pinnacle of the realm.

Fan Weimin praised and said: "Courage is commendable, I admire him."

At the highest point of the stands, Xun Ju's face was completely calm, and no one could see what he was thinking.

Zhang Zhi, the head of Zuowang Peak, was in a crumbling figure, his face was bloodless, and he stared at Shen Yu with resentful eyes.

As one of the heads of the Seven Peaks, because of some unspeakable secrets, he did not dare to take back the Zizai Sword at all, and could only watch helplessly as the opponent destroyed this treasure.

With the destruction of the natal spirit treasure, his Dao heart also collapsed instantly, and he could hardly maintain the realm in front of him, let alone break the realm.

Several other elders in the fourth hall were still recalling the methods Shen Yu used in the competition earlier, with shock and doubts on their faces.

The Freedom Sword is a top-grade innate spiritual treasure, how can a disciple who has entered the Taoist realm for less than two years be easily destroyed?

Not to mention Fu Yi, a disciple of Zuowang Peak who was competing with him before. Although the two were in the same realm, Shen Yu's light wave of his hand lightly caused him to be seriously injured.

Everyone had different expressions. Seeing the young man in the arena looking at the direction of Qinglu Hall, they thought that today's matter is not over yet.

A slender figure landed on the field.

"So this is the strength you are proud of?"

Lan Yingxing stood coolly opposite the young man, looked at Shen Yu's bloody wound, and continued after a moment of silence: "Your strength looks good, and you don't even have the natal spirit treasure you got at Fenbaoya. Come out, but I am here, the next thing is meaningless, your pride will be trampled under my feet."

Lan Yingxing is qualified to do this, no one will think that he is talking big.

Because he became a Dao Sect disciple in the same year as Fang Hen, the elder brother of Qing Lv Dian, he ranked seventh in the strongest Qing Lv Dian in Dao Zong, and he was ranked seventh in every year's competition.

Some disciples even remembered some little habits of this seventh senior brother when he was fighting with others, that is, he didn't like to talk.

But today, he said so much uncharacteristically, perhaps it is because of the change in the mentality of this seventh senior brother.

Shen Yu looked calm, and said indifferently: "It's started."

No one knew why Shen Yu was so calm, the calmness was scary.

Even Daofan Daofan, who closed his eyes and meditated in the distance, opened his eyes at this time, and looked at the center of the stone platform with a solemn expression.

The competition between the two juniors should not have been like this, but a great cultivator at the peak of the Fusion Realm actually paid special attention to this moment today.

The scene that happened a few days before the performance of the Four Temples appeared in front of Daofan's eyes.

Shen Yu found him and asked some questions.

The handsome young man asked calmly what would happen if he killed the opponent in the competition.

This question made Daofan a little surprised, but there was affirmation in the boy's calm eyes.

Then Shen Yu went on to ask what would happen if a very important disciple of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty was killed?

Dao Fan was silent for a long time, not knowing how to answer the boy's question.

Manslaughter in the competition is inevitable.

But Daofan didn't say it after all, he just thought about what he could do if he was there.

Therefore, Dao Fan, who has never participated in the performance of the Four Temples in these years, came here. He just wanted to prevent some tragedies that were about to happen.

If you can't stop it.

Then keep that boy, no matter what.

Because, there are too many shadows of that person on this young man.


Young people are proud of Ling Yunzhi.

Lan Yingxing shot first, his hands were like butterflies piercing flowers, after being dazzled, the dazzling knot seal rushed straight to Shen Yu.

Gorgeous and bright, there is a faint sound of wind and thunder.

Shen Yu's footsteps were light, and the figure disappeared. A moment later, the imprint hit the hard ground, and countless stone chips exploded.

Lan Yingxing did not stop, his hands formed seals again, the speed was several times faster than before, and nine light seals fell from the sky in an instant.

Only a whistling sound was heard.

The nine seals merged into one, and quickly pressed towards Shen Yu's direction, causing an afterimage.

boom.

Shen Yu's figure kept changing, and the imprints burst one after another at the position where he appeared. More than ten large holes were bombarded in the ground of Qingyaoshi, and the sound of cracking was continuous.

The disciples on the stands stared intently at the competition in the arena, not daring to miss a single scene.

A quarter of an hour passed.

Countless people lamented that Lan Yingxing's nine-color lotus seal is so skillful, but more people were surprised by another boy.

Even under such a dense mark attack, the young man in the field was still relaxed and freehand, without a trace of stagnation.

Shen Yu's handsome figure is constantly changing, often stepping out, she will appear more than ten feet away.

"The teleportation technique? Isn't this a spell that only monks in the Immortal Ascension Boundary can cast?"

"Look carefully, he didn't disappear and reappear in an instant, but moved to that position at an extremely fast speed. It seems to be a footwork that has never appeared in Yuan Temple."

"You're right, this is the unique footwork of the sect leader."

Many senior elders in the stands discussed in low voices.

Lan Yingxing's face was a little embarrassed, he could already see that the boy was playing tricks on him deliberately.

He suddenly withdrew his knot seal and stood facing the wind.

At this time, Lan Yingxing's dantian had very little spiritual power left in Linghu Lake, and he could no longer continuously cast the nine-color lotus seal, but the young man opposite seemed to be able to do it with ease, without any signs of exhaustion.

This is very abnormal, his realm is a big higher than that of Shen Yu, how could it be that Shen Yu's situation is easier.

Lan Yingxing mobilized the rest of his spiritual power while thinking about this problem, but there was still a voice in his heart constantly urging him to make a decision as soon as possible.

The spiritual power in the air began to rage around Lan Yingxing.

His fingers touched the void.

The huge spiritual energy condensed into a spiritual mountain, gathered above Shen Yu's head.

The young man didn't care, and quietly watched Lan Yingxing perform the Taoism of the Palace of Qing Law.

His expression was indifferent, as if the person who cast the spell in front of him was just an insignificant thing.

Lan Yingxing couldn't hold back the anger in his heart anymore, and let out a loud drink.

"Three mountain battles."

As he pointed to the sky with his right hand, the mountain-like aura suspended in mid-air was instantly suppressed.

The Sanshan Jue of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty is the most powerful and widest-ranging Taoism.

Lan Yingxing exhausted all the spiritual power in his body, just wanted to decide the winner in this pose, and the spiritual energy all over the sky condensed into a mountain.

Like the sky falling.


Shen Yu looked up and moved slightly.

A bright brilliance suddenly lit up between his brows, and then a red wooden sword appeared in his uninjured left hand.

The spirit sword Jingqing appeared in front of the world for the first time.

Facing the mountain of spiritual power tilted like the sky, Shen Yu just took a light step forward.

Then a sword in the left hand.

There is no brilliance, and there is no magic trick, just a simple stab.

However, this sword is the most powerful in the world.

Flesh splattered.

Accompanied by a muffled groan, Lan Yingxing retreated sharply, clutching his chest.

The sky-filled Lingshan collapsed in an instant.


Extremely quiet.

Shen Yu approached Lan Yingxing, and said lightly, "It's not enough."

He stretched out his right hand and punched the opponent in the chest.

Lan Yingxing, who was still confused and shocked, flew out without the slightest resistance.

Shen Yu took a step forward, and once again came to the side of Lan Yingxing in mid-air, with the wooden sword in his hand aimed straight at his heart.

Looking at this scene, someone shouted in shock: "Lan Yingxing has already lost consciousness, is he going to kill someone?"

At the same time, someone had reacted faster than him.

Chen Jianzhi rushed out of the stands, his figure pierced the sky.

Fang Hen frowned slightly, his eyes filled with hatred, and then saw the middle-aged man on the stand move his fingers slightly, and then disappeared without any hesitation.

The two came to the field almost at the same time.

Chen Jianzhi sacrificed a spiritual treasure in the shape of a scroll, and went straight to the wooden sword in Shen Yu's left hand, but he wanted to save people.

Fang Hen pinched out Fa Jue with his right hand, and a blood-colored broken blade shot straight at Shen Yu's back like lightning.

Fang Hen's eyes were full of disgust.

No matter whether Shen Yu will stop or not, this blow will definitely kill him.

Even if Yuan Shengdian and the sect leader questioned him afterwards, there was reason to shirk the matter. After all, Shen Yu was the first to kill and break the sect's rules.

It's just that at this moment, Lan Yingxing, who was originally ignorant, suddenly yelled frantically: "Elder brother, hide quickly."

In an instant, Shen Yu's figure disappeared, and then he came directly in front of Fang Hen.

The two looked at each other, and the boy smiled slightly.


"What will happen if you kill a very important disciple of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty?"

"An important disciple of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty!"

Master Daofan suddenly remembered what the young man said before, and hurriedly stood up with a look of horror on his face.


At the highest point of the stands, a straight figure soared into the sky.


In the mid-air of Motianya, the wooden sword in Shen Yu's left hand erupted with violent aura.

On the red sword body, the bright red light dyed the entire sky red.

Entering Dao Realm, Golden Core Realm, Cave Realm...that aura climbed all the way, and finally reached the peak of Immortal Ascension Realm.

Shen Yu waited nine days above the sky with the blue luan bird.

He absorbed all the rich spiritual energy within a thousand miles into his body, and stored it all in his right hand.

So when facing Fu Yi, with a light wave of his right hand, Fu Yi flew upside down without any resistance, because too much aura had been accumulated.

There is no need for Taoism, no magic arts, pure spiritual power crushing.

But if one hundred people in the world do this, ninety-nine people will not be able to withstand the violent spiritual energy entering their bodies.

Shen Yu didn't care.

He used a little method, because in this way, he was able to use the sword of the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary.

The person he wanted to kill was not Lan Yingxing.

But Fang Hate.


Chen Jianzhi's complexion changed drastically, spiritual power gushed out of his body, and he desperately controlled the book Lingbao, trying to block the boy's sword.

An unprecedented panic appeared on Fang Hen's calm face, desperately trying to call back the Broken Blade that had already flown out.


"You once said that you want to regain the face of your Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty here."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Can you accept this face?"

A boy with a sword.

To express the meaning of life.


		