

When Aoyama woke up, it was already raining outside the house.

The rain in summer is always so unpredictable.

Rainwater flows down the blue tiles on the eaves, making a rustling sound.

This shower of rain also brought coolness to the sweltering mountain village, and Qingshan's drowsiness at this time has long since dissipated.

There was only one person left in the restaurant, a middle-aged man drinking silently.

"woke up?"

The man didn't lift his head, he said casually.

Qing Shan nodded embarrassingly, and asked: "That fairy has gone?"

The middle-aged man hummed.

Qing Shan keenly sensed that the atmosphere was a bit strange, and said, "Uncle, you seem to be in a bad mood."

The middle-aged man lay on the rocking chair and stretched his waist, lazily said: "It's okay to be a coolie, I asked for it myself, can I feel better?"

Without giving the young man a chance to continue asking questions, the man looked at the sky, seemed to think of something, waved his hand casually and said, "I used to think it was still far away, but now I can almost say that there is a broken place in the mountains in the southwest of Zhongzhou. There is a Taoist sect, which is far away from here." , the place is not well-known but not small, if you want to practice, you can go there, just replace Shen Yu, and it will be your reward for helping me all these years."

The man paused, and then said: "Of course, you don't have to go. You can go to five continents and four seas to sharpen yourself. Wherever it is dangerous, you can get ahead as long as you don't die."

Aoyama was stunned.

For a young man like him who respects even a low-level sect in the town outside the mountain, he doesn't understand what Daozong means in the whole spiritual wasteland.

He just felt that the middle-aged man who was getting serious at this time was a little different, his whole spirit changed completely, and there was an indescribable meaning on his cheek.

Very decent, very vicissitudes, looks very...fairy.

Unfortunately, the next moment, the boy withdrew his thoughts.

The middle-aged man turned his head suddenly, and returned to his shameless state, grinning and said: "Well, you might as well return the broken gun to me. There is nothing else in the Taoist sect, and all kinds of magic weapons are enough."

Qingshan suddenly hugged the spear in his arms and shook his head vigorously.

The man discussed it and said: "Then let me use it first? I promise to return it to you after using it!"

Aoyama looked suspiciously at him, looking at him like a thief.

The man glared, "Why, you also turned your face and denied anyone, this broken gun belonged to me back then."

"But now it's mine."

Qingshan was a little guilty, but he still retorted in a low voice: "Why should I give you the gun I traded for my own ability?"

The middle-aged man slapped his forehead with a look of mournful misfortune, then waved his sleeves, "Get out of here, you bastard with no conscience."

If the young man was granted amnesty, he would run outside in the rain.

The middle-aged man looked at the young man's back, cursing, but his eyes were full of gratifying smiles.

He was also a young man back then, when he held his gun, he was full of vigor and looked down on the world.

"Brother! Come and see the spear power I newly realized. It's earth-shattering. It's even more exciting than those Sword Immortal Arts in Sword Immortal City. It's also more powerful than those Taoist spirit treasures in our Taoist sect. I even took a special Nice name...hey...hey? Brother, don't go! Please save face."

"What, borrow my gun? Old man! Are you a fool? Can a man borrow a gun casually?"

"What? Yours? I stole the gun with my own ability. Why is it yours? Mine!"

"Daughter-in-law, if one day that old bastard in Yahai gets a big hole in his Dragon Palace, or if Song Nu is suddenly shot and falls off the wall of Qingdi City, don't think too much about it, it's your man and I will help you avenge him." went."

The man lay on the rocking chair, shaking slightly.

He squinted his eyes, his face reminiscing about the past.

"Did I do what I said back then?"

It's been a long time, and I can't remember some things.


Shen Yu walked on the village road without an umbrella, and walked calmly in the rain.

The rainwater slid down the green hills, not only did not make him drenched, but on the contrary, it set off his delicate temperament even more.

Shen Yu returned to the house and wrote a letter with the pen and ink she found in the village earlier.

Then a rainbow flashed above the eaves and disappeared into the sky.

Flying sword pass book.

After Shen Yu finished all this, her face became even paler, and she walked out of the house and stood quietly in the small courtyard, with the smell of earthy fragrance everywhere.

The saber energy in the body became more and more violent, and the internal organs began to ache.

Shen Yu looked calm, suppressing the injury with spiritual power, without any change in expression.

The woman with a knife, Li Moran, is one of the best people in the world who are good at fighting.

This is his idea.

Whether it was the ultimate move contained in Qianliu City before, or the indelible sword intent in his body at this moment, it all showed this point.

This kind of person is very dangerous, so Shen Yu sent a letter to Daozong.


The torrential rain continued until night, and Shen Yu stood in the yard until night fell.

After a long time, Shen Yu exhaled lightly, his eyes were a little tired.

Violent scolding sounded from the south of the village, a few oil lamps were lit, and the local dog kept growling.

After a while, Qing Shan came outside the house.

Shen Yu looked at the red and swollen palm prints on the opponent's face, but did not speak.

"Shenxian, I want to go to Daozong, but my parents don't agree."

Qing Shan sat on the mound, a little depressed.

Shen Yu said: "My parents are here, so I won't travel far."

Aoyama then sighed again.

Shen Yu looked into the distance and said, "Cultivation is very hard, and it is very likely that you will die before reaching the mountains in the southwest of Zhongzhou."

Qing Shan said firmly: "I'm not afraid."

Shen Yu asked back: "Are your parents afraid?"

Qing Shan was stunned and did not speak for a long time.


After the heavy rain, the sun is shining again.

Early in the morning, the restaurant opened its doors, and many villagers were surprised and shocked.

The pretty girl with ponytail from Aunt Wang's house next to him was standing at the door of the restaurant, looking at the west playfully, and said, "Uncle, the sun came out from the west today!"

The middle-aged man lay on the chair, pretending to be surprised and said: "Hey, Qiaoer, you care so much about Uncle, don't you have any thoughts about me."

"I miss you."

The teenager smiled, his teeth were very white, and he didn't care.

The time in the mountain village is leisurely, and girls like this kind of flirtatious words have long been used to it.

And although the men usually talk a little bit more, but in this place where the slightest disturbance spreads all over the village, there are really no rumors of middle-aged men messing with any woman.

At noon, the young man brought a large bowl of white rice and stir-fried wild pork, and the man ate it up without being polite.

Qiaoer took advantage of this time to help the man sweep the floor and put things away.

The man looked at this scene and said with a smile, "Why, do you really want to be my daughter-in-law?"

The young girl was bold and said, "Okay, if you can get my father to agree, I have no objection." '

The man looked into the bowl and suddenly sighed, and said, "That's a pity, I can't do it with the wild pork that has been fried for so many years! Your father is really scheming."

There was another burst of laughter and cursing in the small shop.

After lunch, the man closed the gate heavily and walked out of the village.

Someone asked in surprise, "It's so early today?"

The middle-aged man strode forward without turning his head, and said, "Today, we will close the door ahead of schedule and return to our old profession."

The villagers naturally knew what his old profession was, but they just shook their heads when they guessed where he was going.

"If you gamble, you gamble for money. You're not good at it."

As everyone expected, the middle-aged man went to a small town gambling house outside the mountain, and gambled from the fierce sunshine until the sunset.

Under the afterglow of the setting sun, the man finally walked out of the gambling house, touching the few copper coins left in his crotch, he couldn't be happier.

"Old man, how do you sell these things?"

"One tael of silver is the same price."

The man went to a blacksmith's shop in the town, and under the contemptuous eyes of the shop owner, he picked and bargained, and finally took a rusty and broken gun head with the only seven copper coins left. A wooden stick was used as a gun handle.

At this moment, no one in the city knew that in the sky hundreds of meters outside the city, there were countless figures flying towards the mountain village in the deep mountains.

The man just wandered out of the town, put the broken gun on his shoulder, and swayed from side to side.

He looked at the sky and hummed softly: "Look at the front, there is a panicked figure, wait for me to catch up and kill him."


		