

The four disciples draw lots to decide their opponents, and the winners compete for the places in the academy.

Very fair, very simple rules, these four people represent the highest cultivation level of the younger generation of Daozong, and at this moment, all the disciples feel endless glory.

"There is no need to draw lots, I choose to fight Fang Hen."

A cold voice suddenly resounded throughout the Patriarch Square.

Countless people looked in surprise, and the person who spoke was actually Yu Wenwen. She looked calm at the moment, as if she was talking about a very simple thing.

Fang Hen and Yu Wenwen are the two strongest young disciples recognized by Dao Sect, but why Yu Wenwen suddenly became so hostile to the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, even unwilling to go to the lottery, and challenged directly.

Chen Jianzhi watched this scene from afar, and slowly clenched his fists.

Reverend Daoxuan looked calm, and said: "The rules cannot be changed."

Fang Hen spoke out at this time, his tone was serious, and he looked at Yu Wenwen and said, "It's okay, it's just fighting."

Daoxuan looked at the other two.

Mingjian nodded slightly.

Zhang Jian smiled and said, "I have no objection."

If both Yu Wenwen and Fang Hen were hurt, it would be a good thing.

As a disciple representing Qifeng, if he could take advantage of it, he would naturally not speak out against it.

Reverend Daoxuan raised his head, and said loudly: "In the first scene, Yanfa Palace clearly saw the opposite Zuowangfeng Zhang Jian."

The voice spread with spiritual power, thick and stirring, and countless disciples were pushed back dozens of feet by the invisible spiritual power.

Fang Hen and Yu Wenwen walked down the high platform, the former said with a smile: "Why, your realm has improved again, are you confident that you can beat me?"

Yu Wenwen didn't speak.

Fang Hen showed a hint of sarcasm, and said in a low voice: "Three days later, Shen Yu will be abolished here, expelled from the sect, and then sent to the Dali Dynasty for trial. This news will not be released in Daozong tomorrow." Announce, but let me tell you first."

"It seems that you were really lucky that you didn't die last time."

Yu Wenwen stopped, looked at Fang Hen for a long time, and said, "But this time, I will definitely beat your father in Datang until he doesn't even know him."


There were only two people left on the high platform.

Zhang Jian didn't seem to be in a hurry to make a move, and said with a smile: "I didn't expect that the person who fought in the Yuan Temple this time was clearly seeing you, brother. It's really surprising."

Ming met with no expression on his face, and said, "Let's fight."

Zhang Jian still had a smile on his face, and he was not in a hurry to make a move, he said: "I see that senior brother seems to have some prejudice against me?"

"I have always looked down on people who sit on the Forgotten Peak."

Ming Jian said: "It's even more so now."

Zhang Jian sighed, and said, "I guess it's because of that guy named Shen Yu? I remember that senior brother was his guide back then. I didn't expect that senior brother Mingjian would be so affectionate. It's just a pity..."

There was a hint of playfulness on Zhang Jian's face, and he said lightly: "He is just a waste who doesn't know how to live or die. If he stood on this high platform today, I would... abolish him personally."

"The disciples of Zuowang Peak have always been arrogant and stupid."

Mingjian mentioned this spirit treasure 'Duchen' upside down. He said indifferently towards the person in front of him.

"Hehe, senior brother may rarely see me make a move, thinking that I am just like everyone else, but...in my eyes, you are actually just a waste."

Zhang Jian slowly stretched out his right hand, smiled evilly, and said, "Your realm is still too low."

Mingjian was stunned when he heard the words, and then his pupils shrank, his face full of disbelief.

In an instant, a trail of blood burst out from his left shoulder.


Thinking over the cliff.

Shen Yu still stood with her hands behind her back, surrounded by aura, and this state had lasted for several days.

A sound of cicadas.

Shen Yu opened her eyes, exhaled the turbid air in her chest, and then looked towards a certain direction in the distance.

"I'm talking about Shen Yu, is what you did just now the same as the trick you used in the fourth hall of the Qing Law Hall before?"

Ding Yi stood outside the barrier, looked at him curiously, and asked in confusion, "Is it possible to gather all the spiritual energy in one place?"

Shen Yu did not return, and said lightly: "No."

After adjusting his breath these days, Ding Yi's complexion recovered a bit, but his chest still hurt a little. He rubbed his chest lightly and said, "What are you looking at now?"

Shen Yu didn't answer, just squinted and looked into the distance, before turning around and saying, "I want to go out."

Ding Yi looked strange, and said, "If you can come out, come out, anyway, I won't stop you, but if you are kind, just knock me out after you come out, don't silence me."

"I broke the barrier."

Ding Yi looked nervous and said, "Then what are you going to do?"

Shen Yu said: "I can't break it, but you can, I know you have the formation breaking talisman on you."

Ding Yi widened his eyes and said, "How do you know..."

The moment he finished speaking, he covered his mouth and shook his head desperately.

"My spiritual sense perceives this place. Apart from a sealed formation, every cave has a small confinement formation. Therefore, every cave must have a formation-breaking talisman to control entry and exit."

Shen Yu glanced around and said lightly: "The talisman cannot be too far away from the confinement formation, otherwise the formation will fail, so you come here to guard."

Ding Yi looked at Shen Yu in shock, speechless.

Shen Yu said: "After I went out, I chopped off Zhang Zhi, which can be regarded as revenge for you."

Although Ding Yi seemed lazy and casual, he had a strong self-esteem in his heart. After getting in touch these days, Shen Yu saw this. He knew that Ding would definitely hold grudges against Zhang Zhi's slap before he left.

After Shen Yu finished speaking, she looked at him quietly.

There was a long silence.

"The place where I was born is actually not far from Yunyang Temple..."

Ding Yi said: "I have been there several times when I was grazing cattle, so... I know those things."

Ding Yi's words were somewhat confusing, but Shen Yu seemed to be able to understand, with a look of surprise on his face.

"You're right."

Ding Yi said suddenly: "I think you are so fucking awesome, I admire you."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Ding Yi's face was unpredictable, and he gritted his teeth for the last time, as if he had made up his mind.

"After you go out, you run along the back mountain, not in the direction of the mountain gate."

Ding Yi said seriously: "You are very talented. If you come back after hiding for decades, they will definitely not be able to beat you."

Ding Yi thought for a while, and then said: "Also, you must remember to knock me out after you go out. At least it will give me a reason to deal with it. Anyway, this time I will go all out."

Shen Yu looked at him quietly and said, "Is there any more?"

Ding Yi thought carefully, then grinned, and said, "You'll be awesome in the future, just remember to beat that bastard Zhang Zhi for me."

Shen Yu said: "Okay."

Then the surrounding aura began to dissipate.

There were some subtle crackling sounds from Siguo Cliff, as if there was a break in some places.

Then, the man in the blue shirt appeared at the foot of the mountain.

With a calm expression, he walked slowly towards a direction, which was not the back mountain that Ding Yi had mentioned.

Rather, the location of the Patriarch Hall Square.


		