

The clouds above the sky dissipated, and the sunlight fell on the courtyard again, like willows in spring, full of vitality.

The terrifying feeling of suffocation reverberated in everyone's hearts, and disappeared in less than a breath.

It's like returning to the world from the underworld.

They looked at the female sword fairy who fainted on the ground for no reason, but their heads were blank.

Su Mo put the ancient sword back into the cloth bag and walked forward.

A girl with a huge long knife on her back stopped in front of him.

Su Mo stopped.

The girl with a weak and lovely expression looked at her master, then turned her head again, and said pitifully: "I apologize for my master, can you not kill my master, I am willing to fight another sword for her, uh... Half sword, half sword, okay?"

Su Mo looked at her and said with a smile, "What's your name?"

The girl blinked her eyes and said honestly, "Little Cabbage."

Su Mo looked into her eyes, nodded after a while and commented: "You are as bright as a star, you are very talented, your eyes are more beautiful than others."

The girl in the dark green dress suddenly blushed for some reason, her eyes widened, and she seemed a little at a loss.

Su Mo walked past them and came to Yang Pan'er's side.

"I heard from Yang Liu that she has a younger sister who likes to practice swords very much."

Yang Pan'er looked at the man in front of him who was full of intimacy, and was a little dazed.

Su Mo thought for a while and said, "Although my Taoist sect comes from the Taoist sect, there are also a few sword immortals. The Taoist sect will come to Yunmeng City in Dongzu Prefecture to accept disciples in a few days. You can try it."

The man smiled, bent over and whispered, "Just report Shen Yu's name."

Yang Pan'er's eyes lit up, as if she had finally come to her senses, she nodded suddenly like a chicken pecking at rice.

After a while, she suddenly panicked and said, "Immortal, Shen Yu was blown away by that old woman."

Su Mo nodded and said with a smile, "It's okay, I'll go find him now."

The gentle man from Daozong came all the way here to strike a sword, said a few words to Yang Pan'er, and then turned around and left in the eyes of everyone.

From the beginning to the end, he never glanced at the rest of the people in the courtyard.

Even that fox demon.


It was almost dusk.

When the female Daoxian opened her eyes, through the high window, she vaguely saw that the sun was setting outside.

Beside him was the sound of the wheels of the carriage.

She straightened up slowly and found that she was sitting in the carriage of a carriage.

The carriage was walking on a spacious official road.

The bright red blood stains had stained the white robe on her body, and the smell of blood was very strong, making her look extremely distressed.

Li Moran looked indifferent, but there was a wry smile on the corner of his mouth.

She is not dead.

Or maybe Su Mo spared her life.

The girl lifted a corner of the car curtain and said pleasantly, "Master, you're awake!"

Li Moran looked at the sunset in the distance, was silent for a long time, and asked, "What did you see on...him?"

Between heaven and earth, there are many favored children of heaven who are favored by the heavens, endowed with various special abilities, such as the so-called sword body, Tao body, and spirit body in the world.

And this kind of person has another name, called the Man of Destiny.

Xiaobaicai looks pretty and cute, but she is also the successor of this talent.

her eyes.

Eyes that see through the world.

There are scholars who are full of economics on the surface, but secretly they are men stealing women and prostitutes.

There are strong heroes and heroes, but inside is a delicate woman dressed in flowers and greenery.

She even saw a human baby hidden in a willow tree that had lived for nearly a thousand years.

Everything in the world is bizarre.

The girl hesitated for a while, with a strange expression on her face, and finally said in doubt: "It should be because my realm is too low, I didn't see anything, it seems that there is nothing on him."

The female Daoxian closed her eyes, her eyelids trembled slightly, and her heart was a little uneasy.

After a while, she asked, "Then what kind of person do you think he is?"

The girl thought for a while, and said happily: "He praised me for having beautiful eyes, and that I am a...warm man."

Li Moran showed a trace of inexplicable emotion, and asked back: "Is it warm?"

The girl didn't know what the master meant, so she asked uncertainly, "Then... indifference?"

The tall woman did not speak.

The girl stuck her little head in from the side of the carriage and asked curiously, "Master, do you know?"

The sunset completely faded away, and the night really came.

Li Moran watched a black line on the horizon slowly devouring the distant scenery, a flash of fear suddenly appeared in his eyes, he shook his head and said, "It's best not to know."


Among the small villages in the deep mountains and wild ridges.

For the first time ever, the wine shop was open in the middle of the night. The middle-aged man was sitting on a long bench at the door, with his right foot raised on the other side of the bench, holding a gourd of wine in his hand, and was drinking one gulp at a time.

The villagers in the village went to bed very early, and the small road at the entrance of the village was completely dark at night.

Looking up, the sky is full of stars twinkling.

Shen Yu appeared at the door of the restaurant with a jar of wine.

The middle-aged man rolled his eyes and said, "The weasel is here to wish the chicken a new year."

Shen Yu looked as usual, and said: "Please drink."

The middle-aged man looked at Shen Yu suspiciously, and said: "I have already helped you, and the little relationship between me and Daozong is completely over. Don't try to get any benefits from me."

Shen Yu poured the wine into the bowl casually, and suddenly asked: "The dantian spiritual sea has long been exhausted, and his life is not long, but he is still frantically accumulating spiritual energy in his body. Besides looking for death, what is it for?"

One word tells the truth.

The middle-aged man raised his brows slightly, and instead of answering, he jokingly said, "Aren't you the same, full of knife spirit, and eat it as a meal."

Shen Yu was expressionless and sneered.

The middle-aged man suddenly laughed.

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "You haven't answered my question yet."

The middle-aged man rolled his eyes and said boredly: "Practitioners accumulate spiritual energy, of course it is to kill people."

Shen Yu asked, "Who?"

The middle-aged man smiled and said, "I won't tell you."

Shen Yu let out a cry.

The night was getting darker, and the twilight was getting darker.

late at night.

Only the sound of the two drinking non-stop was left.

The middle-aged man is a person who can't hide his words, and he took the initiative to ask: "What do you want to do, kid?"

Shen Yu cut to the chase and said calmly, "Teach me how to practice with a gun."

"puff!"

The middle-aged man was drinking, and suddenly a bowl of wine sprayed out of his mouth.

"What did you say?"

"Teach me how to practice a gun."

The middle-aged man looked at Shen Yu, his expression suddenly changed.

In his opinion, since Shen Yu was born in Daozong, even he admired the skills that Shen Yu taught Qingshan. The spear training he mentioned is naturally not the usual spear training.

The middle-aged man suddenly understood something, and said in surprise: "My boy, you have already practiced Taoism and swordsmanship, and in the end you want to learn my spearmanship. There are three thousand ways in the world. Don't be afraid that people will not be enough to swallow elephants. If you eat too much, you will be overwhelmed." Broken belly? Ended up getting nothing done?"

Shen Yu didn't speak, but just took a sip of wine silently.

He has come a long way on the road of practice. Whether it is Taoist skills or swordsmanship, they are all the way out of the world, and what he seeks in this life is the way of entering the world. What the other party has learned is in line with his current way of entering the world. certain pursuits.

It's just that these things can't be said naturally.

Shen Yu said: "What do you think of the Taoism of the Daoist Master Taixuan three thousand years ago?"

The middle-aged man pondered for a while, and said earnestly for the first time: "Amazing and extraordinary, even now, no one can beat him. This person's way of life has reached the point where he is too forgetful."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "That's right."

The middle-aged man lay on his back on the bench, lazily said: "I'm not interested, I don't want to teach."

Shen Yu hummed.

The middle-aged man raised his legs and said in surprise, "You don't want me anymore?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "For me, it's just a matter of time."


		