

Lan Yingxing spoke very slowly, and his expression was very calm, presumably these words should come from the mouth of the senior brother of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty.

It's just that this sentence is a bit outrageous.

The meaning of Fang Hen's words is 'I have a big fist, I will give you a step up. '

Shen Yu didn't like it very much, including this person in front of him, and he didn't even like the unified Lan shirt in Qinglu Palace.

After Su Mo said a few words at the beginning, he looked at the ancient book in his hand with relish.

Lan Yingxing said again: "Junior Brother Shen, how are you doing?"

Shen Yu ignored it, just staring at the clouds and Yunshu in the sky.

Lan Yingxing was a little displeased, and said in a deep voice, "Junior Brother Shen?"

Shen Yu glanced at him and said lightly, "It's not that good."

The scene suddenly turned cold, and Lan Yingxing's expression became more and more gloomy.

"It seems that Junior Brother Shen doesn't care about the face of our Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty at all, or rather, you are very good at fighting."

Lan Yingxing said indifferently: "This time, there should be someone who can play the Four Palaces better than you."

The young man shook his head, ignored it, but got up straight and went back to the house. He didn't understand why these people thought he would participate in the Four Temples performance.

He is very boring, but he is not so boring as to participate in some acting competition.

Lan Yingxing looked at the back of the young man going away, held the ruler tightly with his right hand, let out a foul breath after a while, and murmured: "You will come eventually."

After finishing speaking, he got up and strode away. Only Su Mo was left quietly reading in the courtyard.


The Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty is the most fortified place in the Taoist sect. It is located on a steep cliff in the west. The buildings here all follow certain special specifications. Every hundred feet there is a guard of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty wearing a blue shirt.

Lan Yingxing passed through many buildings, and finally came to a grand hall on the top of the mountain. In front of the hall, there were two xiezhi stone carvings as tall as two people, majestic and upright.

Lan Yingxing walked straight into the hall, looked at a tall figure in front of him and said respectfully: "Eldest brother, Shen Yu didn't agree."

There are very few people who can be respected by the Seventh Senior Brother of the Qing Law Hall, and the person in this hall at this time is one of them.

The stalwart figure turned around slowly, revealing a square and serious face.

Fang Hen in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, ranked fifteenth on the Lingyun List.

"You shouldn't have gone."

The tall man was seven feet tall, and his thick voice was as cold as ice, and he said: "How could such a proud person agree."

Lan Yingxing said: "Brother Chen specifically said that he told us not to get involved in the Shangqing Law Palace. This is only his business."

Fang Hen said: "Junior Brother Chen is also an arrogant person, why is he willing to act on the reputation of the Palace of the Qing Dynasty, but his identity represents the Court of Law Enforcement, he lost face, that is, the Pavilion of Law Enforcement and the Palace of Law of the Qing Dynasty lost face , I cannot tolerate it."

Lan Yingxing bent down slightly, and said tentatively: "It seems that he doesn't intend to participate in the performance of the Four Halls this time."

Fang Hen was silent for a while, and then said: "You know what to do."

Lan Yingxing nodded, bowed and said, "I understand."


Feilai Peak was still peaceful day after day, Shen Yu didn't take Lan Yingxing's words to heart at all, and continued to read and sleep as usual.

There is only one more thing, and that is to practice boxing.

Shen Yu starts to practice boxing at the edge of the waterfall every morning. His boxing speed is very slow, and each boxing has a specific angle, as if he is constantly drawing a circle.

Such a set of boxing techniques performed by Shen Yu is full of mysterious changes, and there is a hint of yin and yang in every movement and stillness.

Master Daofan came from a distance and said, "What kind of boxing technique is this?"

Su Mo didn't know when he came here, and said in surprise: "There is no similar boxing method recorded in the Zongmen's collection, nor in the three floors of the Academy at the bottom of the mountain. It seems that this should be created by the younger brother."

If you haven't seen it, it's gone.

What Su Mo said was extremely arrogant, but it made people feel that it was a matter of course.

Real Daofan, who was about to step into the upper three realms, was even more approving without the slightest doubt.

Half an hour later, Shen Yu withdrew his fists and walked towards Daofan Daoist.

In the past year, except for matters related to him, Dao Fan did not go to Feilai Peak.

Daofan said: "There is something related to you, I think I should tell you."

Shen Yu didn't speak, just looked at him and waited for the next sentence.

Fuchen didn't hesitate, and said: "A few more disciples from Cuizhu Peak have stepped into the Dao Realm, and among them is a disciple with average aptitude, named Yang Liu, who got a Lingbao Liuyun for the first time in Fenbao Cliff. Although the quality of the sword is mediocre, it is extremely rare, and in the end, she was accepted as a disciple by the head of Zuowang Peak."

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent, and there was no surprise, because this was not an unexpected thing.

When he came to Daozong, he only rubbed the heads of two people, and after pouring in the original Taoism, the little girl is now a junior sister of the master of the Duzhen Palace, and has become a junior uncle, while the other one, although a bit stupid, is also It won't be that bad.

Daofan looked at Shen Yu's indifferent face, thought for a while and said: "But a few days ago, for some reason, she had a dispute with the disciples of Zuowang Peak. Liuyunjian was not only robbed, but also seriously injured. Now Haven't woken up yet."

When Fuchen said this, he stared closely at Shen Yu's expression, and Su Mo also looked at the boy's face with curiosity.

Shen Yu asked: "What's the matter with you?"

Dao Fan said: "When I was at Cuizhu Peak, I heard that you had some friendship with that disciple named Yang Liu. I thought, uh, I thought you would care about something."

Shen Yu said: "There are some."

Su Mo asked, "What do you care about?"

Shen Yu said calmly: "I care how this girl is still so stupid, so honest, and so weak"

Daofan Daofan and Su Mo looked at each other and said, "That's all?"

Shen Yu said seriously: "That's all."


After another brief silence.

Su Mo couldn't help but laugh, the younger brother's temperament is still the same.

It took Fochen a long time to come back to his senses.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and said to Dao Fan: "I think there are still some things happening later."

Dao Fan said: "Yes, afterward Jiang Shaoqiu of Yan Fa Palace found out about this, so he went up to Zuo Wang Peak by himself, wanting to fight for some truths for Yang Liu."

Shen Yu said: "He is also very weak."

"It's a bit weak, but there are a few more people coming from behind."

Dao Fan recalled the scene at that time, and said with emotion: "Later, Shang from Duzhen Hall...Sister Shang led Ye Zhiqiu from Qinglu Hall to the mountain together, and the three of them fought with the disciples of Zuowang Peak, almost The main hall of Zuowang Peak was demolished."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Reverend Daofan pondered for a moment, then continued: "Zhang Zhi, the leader of Zuowang Peak, was furious, and knocked three people down the mountain with one palm. Several people were injured in different ways."

Shen Yu frowned slightly.

The first seat on Zuowang Peak is already in the Immortal Ascension Boundary, and may even be a great monk in the upper three realms. No matter how powerful Shang Yingluo's talent is, the difference in realm is still huge.

It's just that such a big monk, why would he lower his status and beat up a few fourth-generation disciples who have entered the Dao realm.

Shen Yu thought that there was no need to intervene in the matters of such low-level disciples.

Shen Yu asked: "Have you got the Liuyun Sword?"

Reverend Daofan glanced at Su Mo, and then slowly said, "I got it back, but more than half of the spiritual energy has dissipated, and the quality is not as good as before."

In the past three years, Shen Yu has rarely communicated with other people in Daozong, but this time the turmoil actually involved the only few people he knew.

Some things in this are obvious.

It's just that Dao Fan told Shen Yu about this, just wanting to know what the boy would do?

There was a hint of anticipation on the real person's thin face.

There was some amusement in Su Mo's gentle eyes.

But the young man didn't look at the two of them, but just looked at Yunjuan Yunshu in the sky lightly.


		