

It has been several days since the performance of the Four Palaces, and the other peaks are still arguing about the ups and downs of the competition, but on the Feilai Peak, there is still a tranquility of singing birds and fragrant flowers.

Shen Yu was very awkward.

Because there was a white silk ribbon hanging from the injured right hand, and due to too much aura contained in the body, it was starting to become a little stiff now.

With limited mobility, he has been lying bored on a bamboo chair for several days.

Sometimes Su Mo would come up with a new book and read a few passages to him, but Shen Yu was really not interested in the tongue-twisting words of Confucianism, so he would not let him come after listening to it only once.

On this day, Shen Yu felt a little relieved, even looking at the surrounding bamboo forest and sea of ​​flowers was much more pleasing to the eye.

"Shen Yu."

A cute and pleasant voice came from outside the bamboo forest.

Very familiar, but it seems like I haven't heard it in a long time.

Shen Yu turned her head and looked at the little girl outside the bamboo forest whom she hadn't seen for almost two years, or it should be a young girl.

The little girl's originally fat and tender face has lost weight now, her small face is as bright as a goose egg, and her body is sprouting like a willow twig.

, more and more slim.

Those two shofar braids also turned into a simple ponytail, which swayed from side to side very lively when walking.

Shang Yingluo frowned, and when she saw Shen Yu not far away, she ran over quickly.

"It's grown a little taller."

Shen Yu had a smile on his face, but in the next moment, his face changed drastically.

The little girl Shang Yingluo told him that she was a foot away from him, but she still didn't intend to stop, but threw herself into his arms just like two years ago.

Apparently the little girl forgot that she had grown up, and she forgot that now Shen Yu stretched out her hand and was seriously injured and couldn't take her hit.

Shen Yu hurriedly shouted: "Stop."

Shang Yingluo didn't pay attention, and didn't stop in her footsteps.

"Doomed."

Shen Yu closed her eyes and resigned herself to her fate.

After a while, the expected pain did not come.

Shen Yu opened her eyes, and saw Shang Yingluo standing in front of her with her teeth and claws bared, with a strange look on her face.

Afterwards, an alluring face appeared behind the little girl. It turned out that Yu Wenwen stretched out her hand to grab the little girl's ponytail.

Shen Yu was silent for a long time, then said with a complicated expression: "Thank you very much."


"Shen Yu, you are so quiet here. When I first came up the mountain, I saw a dragon at the arch bridge! As for the dragon, it was the first time I saw a dragon in my life. When I passed by, it ran away. "

"The woods are so foggy that I can't even see the road."

"Are you alone on the mountain?"


Having not seen each other for almost two years, Shang Yingluo chatted non-stop around Shen Yu, most of which were interesting stories she experienced and anecdotes she heard.

Shen Yu looked at her with a smile and listened quietly.

Just like being on the top of Cuizhu Peak back then.

After a while, Shen Yu rubbed her head to signal her to shut up, and then looked at the woman sitting quietly in the distance.

Yu Wenwen said: "Little Martial Uncle heard that you were injured, and one of them clamored to see you, so he brought her here."

Shen Yu was a little taken aback when she first heard it, but after thinking about it, it turns out that the junior uncle is Shang Yingluo.

"You have a great reputation in Daozong. You are the most talked about person in the four halls and seven peaks."

Yu Wenwen looked at Shen Yu's right hand and said, "It's just that I didn't expect your injury to be so serious."

Shen Yu remained silent, this time he was indeed seriously injured, and for an ordinary person, he was already unconscious.

Yu Wenwen continued: "When the incident happened, I was retreating, otherwise I would have gone to sit on the Wangfeng Peak myself."

Shen Yu knew what that matter was.

It turned out that she came here to apologize for not coming forward.

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "These things have nothing to do with me."

Yu Wenwen looked at Shang Yingluo who was at the side, and said seriously, "It does matter."

Shen Yu said: "She is still young, how can she know anything."

Shang Yingluo was unwilling, and said angrily, "I understand, why don't I understand?"

Shen Yu and Yu Wenwen directly ignored her rebuttal.

Yu Wenwen casually brushed back the hair on her forehead, and said, "I want to tell you that Zhang Zhi and Xun Ju, the master of the Palace of the Qing Law, came from the same family. After this incident, you will have more troubles."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "It doesn't matter."

Yu Wenwen frowned and asked, "Are you worried at all?"

"I have many things to worry about, such as the progress of the little girl's practice, such as the mood of that blue luan bird recently."

Shen Yu said indifferently: "It's just that what you said is not worthy of my worry. I knew their relationship from the beginning, otherwise how dare Zuo Wangfeng do things that bully the disciples in the peak, let alone the leader of the peak who drives the Immortal Ascension Boundary?" I did it myself."

Yu Wenwen was a little puzzled, and it took her a long time to say: "Then why did you do this?"

Yu Yu said: "They bullied Yang Liu, Shang Yingluo, Ye Zhiqiu, and Jiang Shaoqiu, and then I punched them. There was no reason, and I punched when I was upset, regardless of whether Xun Ju or others were behind them."

Yu Wenwen was silent for a long time, and said seriously: "Is this the way in your heart?"

Shen Yu said: "This is the case for all practitioners in the world."


After the two left, people went up the mountain one after another.

Jiang Shaoqiu came all the way to the bamboo forest, and said cautiously that he came on behalf of the Yanfa Temple.

I haven't seen him for almost two years, but Jiang Shaoqiu's handsome face has a more mature look, and his actions have become more calm and indifferent. Compared with when he was at Cuizhufeng before, the change is too great.

It's just that when he walked around, his steps were a little scattered.

A few days ago, following Shang Yingluo to sit on Wangfeng Peak, he was the most injured.

One is because his realm is the lowest, and the other is because Ye Zhiqiu is from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, and Shang Yingluo is the junior sister of the master of the Palace of Duzheng. Both of them are inconvenient to do it. Only Jiang Shaoqiu is from the Palace of Yanfa, and he has the least background. Against him.

After chatting for a while, Jiang Shaoqiu got up to leave.

Before leaving, Shen Yu casually pulled out a classic on the table and handed it to him. After the latter glanced at the cover, his face changed drastically, and he hurriedly refused.

"Reading more books is still a good thing."

Shen Yu leaned on the bamboo chair and said lightly: "Look for yourself and don't say it."

Jiang Shaoqiu looked solemn, and finally took the ancient scroll and saluted Shen Yu.

"The disciples recruited by Yan Fa Temple these years are not talented people, but every time there will be some people who can compete with those geniuses."

Su Mo did not know when he came to the courtyard, looked at the far away figure, and said, "As I see clearly, there is also the young man who left just now. Both of them have the same talents, but their cultivation speed is not as good as others. People, Daoxuan Daoxuan from Yanfa Palace's vision is indeed the best in the entire Taoist sect."

Shen Yu asked with a smile: "Senior brother, who do you think is stronger, he or Ye Zhiqiu?"

Su Mo shook his head and said, "I don't know, but within ten years, I'm more optimistic about Ye Zhiqiu."

Shen Yu said: "I don't think so, why don't we make a bet."

Really too idle.

Su Mo looked at him angrily, and said, "Boring."

Shen Yu shook her head and lay down, senior brother was still too boring.

At this time, Jiang Shaoqiu, who was at the foot of Feilai Peak, was holding the ancient scroll with a worried look on his face.

Not far away, a figure appeared, after seeing his face clearly.

The teenager was shocked.


		