

After the boy in black made a punch, he glanced casually at the guards of the Jiang family who were watching, and those who could see him subconsciously panicked and retreated, fearing that he would be the next one to hit him.

A small open space suddenly appeared around the three of them.

Lu Caiwei is undoubtedly the most shocking person. After all, she has been together for several months. She originally thought that the boy in black was an ordinary book boy, but who would have thought that he would be such an unfathomable practitioner.

A middle-aged man with the appearance of a butler in the crowd pointed at Shen Yu, and said harshly, "Even if you wanton murder and murder in my Yunya City, my Jiang family will definitely..."

Shen Yu glanced at him.

Fist wind revived.

The figure of the boy in black turned into multiple shadows, and the next moment his right hand was already pinching the neck of the housekeeper.

The middle-aged man with a sarcastic expression blinked his eyes in confusion, and it took him a long while to realize that his heart was about to split, his face turned pale, and he almost fainted.

Shen Yu said, "Take us to Baili's house."

The man who was still arrogant just now could only nod his head desperately.

A path spread out among the crowd, and several people walked straight to the distance.

Along the way, when passing through several spacious streets, the appearance of the few people attracted countless people to watch and speculate.

Bailixi is the lord of Yunya City. Although his level of practice is not high, he has been to the Tang Dynasty in Zhongzhou, and more importantly, he has studied in that academy.

Relying on this point, even the Jiang family, which was in full swing in the city after relying on the Patriarch to break through, had to give way.

Could it be that these bold fellows in front of me still dare to openly provoke the Academy?

After half an hour, Shen Yu and the others came to a magnificent building.

The two towers are three feet high, and the granite carvings are majestic in front of the gate. At this time, there are several people standing on the steps, and it seems that someone has already tipped off the news.

A middle-aged man with a faint official authority between his eyebrows asked lightly: "What is your intention to make trouble here?"

Beside him were two unremarkable guards in green clothes, their whole body was introverted, but the boy in black squinted his eyes unconsciously.

Shen Yu said: "Bailixi?"

The middle-aged man said calmly, "It's right here."

Shen Yu said: "The Daofan real person."

The middle-aged man clenched his hands hidden in his sleeves suddenly, his expression changed slightly.

Others may not know the name of this person, but he knows how honorable it is.

It's a pity that the butler-looking man didn't seem to notice this scene, as if he had found a backer, he ran forward in a panic, and then wept at the gate about the other party's crimes.

More and more people watched from a distance, pointing and pointing from time to time.

The middle-aged man's expression became more and more gloomy, and his eyes seemed to kill people.

After a while, he asked, "Are you finished?"

The butler was stunned, then nodded.

"Hmph, if you violate the city rules, you should be beaten, and if you offend the immortal master, you should be punished."

The middle-aged man said indifferently: "Put him in prison and wait for the Jiang family to come and redeem him in person."

There was an uproar all around.

The sluggish butler seemed a little puzzled, and didn't understand what happened for a long time, so several guards dragged him down.

After finishing all this, Bailixi bowed respectfully and said: "The immortal master is here, please forgive me if there is any negligence."

"Immortal Master?"

Lu Caiwei, who was thinking about how Gai would get away, turned to look at Shen Yu, puzzled.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and walked in first under the horrified and surprised eyes of countless people.

Everywhere in the courtyard reveals a touch of grace and luxury, a touch of willow catkin wind, and the pear blossom courtyard shows the identity of the host family.

Lu Caiwei and Li Fugui were arranged in a luxurious room.

Shen Yu followed Bailixi directly into the pavilion near the lake.

Although Bailixi is a scholar, he does things with a bit of vigor and resoluteness, and he doesn't say too many irrelevant words, which makes Shen Yu feel a little comfortable.

In that gazebo, after several conversations, Shen Yu finally understood what Dao Fan was talking about.

It turns out that the Canglan River outside Yunya City has rumors of monsters in the past two years. Those who crossed the river fell into the water for no reason, and then their bones were never seen again.

It is said that the big demon in the river likes boys and girls, and is cunning by nature, so it is hard to find. In the past two years, no one has seen its real body clearly.

Shen Yu looked at the rippling lake and said, "Why not seek far away?"

Dongzuzhou is also a sacred place for practice. Even if there are monsters rampant, they will never be able to find Daozong who is far away in Zhongzhou.

Bailixi said calmly: "First, Dao Fan and I had some friendship in the academy back then, but this monster is too cunning, and third..."

Bailixi hesitated for a while, and said, "Practitioners from nearby sects have all been here, but they haven't found the big monster."

Shen Yu said: "It's not that I didn't find it, but that I didn't look for it hard."

Bailixi smiled wryly and was speechless.

Those disciples sent by the sect, with their eyes high above the top, didn't take these trivial matters to heart at all, they just dealt with them, and the few disciples who cared about them couldn't find the trace of the big monster.

Compared with other practitioners, Daozong has a much higher realm, and has a thousand-year hatred with the Yaozu, which is why he turned to Daozong for help all the way.

Shen Yu nodded, and suddenly said: "Guiyun Xianzong is recruiting a lot of disciples recently?"

Bailixi froze for a moment, then said, "Yes, there are quotas in every town in the mainland."

Shen Yu said: "Is there any here?"

Bailixi was a little confused about the meaning of his words, but he still said truthfully: "There are two, one is with me, and the other has already been booked."

Shen Yu asked, "Who?"

Bailixi looked a little strange, and said: "It is the young master of the Jiang family who was severely injured by your boy just now."

Shen Yu was silent for a while, smiled, and said, "That's just right."


The three of Shen Yu lived in Bailixi's mansion, Li Fugui couldn't bear his temper, and wandered all over the street.

Lu Caiwei stayed behind closed doors all the time. After a few days of cultivation, her face became much ruddy, and she seemed to be about to pass the first level that Shen Yu said.

Shen Yu just watched silently.

The jade sword entered her body, and the sword energy shuttled freely through her internal organs. Although the pain was unbearable at the beginning, as the sword energy continued to open up her meridians and the sea of ​​​​qi in the dantian, in time, the meridians and the dantian were completely unbearable. The more spiritual power that can be accommodated, the wider and wider her path of practice will be.

For thousands of years, except for some lunatics in Sword Immortal City, no one dared to use this appalling method, because the risk was too great, and the ability requirement for the sword holder was too high.

Lu Caiwei will never know that she is wandering between life and death, and she will never know how much help her current opportunity will help her practice in the future.

Seven days later, Lu Caiwei suddenly opened her eyes in the room, and she vomited lightly when she was in her mind.

A white light shot out of her mouth in an instant, entangled forward, directly broke through the gate, and passed into the flowing pond outside the gate.

When the jade sword came, the surface of the pool was split into two sides like tofu being slowly separated by someone.

Shen Yu happened to see this scene from a distance.

Yu Jian flew back into the room again, and then Lu Caiwei came out, looked at Shen Yu and raised her head proudly.

Shen Yu said, "Follow me."

Lu Caiwei asked, "What are you doing?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "The next stage of practice."

Lu Caiwei subconsciously took a few steps forward, and Shen Yu's hand suddenly rested on her shoulder.

The woman struggled and backed away in an instant, her eyes fixed on the man in front of her.

She sneered and said, "Hmph, men are indeed the dirtiest people in the world. I thought I would..."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Shut up."

For some reason, Lu Caiwei was really speechless.

"See for yourself."

After Shen Yu finished speaking, she took a simple mirror from her sleeve.

The woman on the mirror had a dark face, red and swollen eyes, and an unkempt face. She was not ugly, but she was very sloppy.

Lu Caiwei's face turned red in an instant. She didn't know that the mirror was the treasure of Guiyun Xianzong's sect, but she also understood what Shen Yu meant.

Shen Yu grabbed her shoulder again, and in an instant, the figures of the two disappeared in the courtyard.


Lu Caiwei opened her eyes to look in a daze, and found that everything under her feet gradually turned into black spots.

A strong wind blows towards her face, and faint clouds and mist quickly pass by her body.

Yukong!

She understood the current situation in an instant, shock, joy, yearning, fear, nervousness, all kinds of complex emotions emerged on her beautiful face.

Shen Yu stood behind her, pressed her shoulder with one hand, and said lightly, "Don't be nervous."

Lu Caiwei snorted softly and said, "I'm not nervous."

Half an hour later, Shen Yu landed by a remote river.

The girl only felt that her knees were weak, and she squatted on the ground weakly, covering her chest with her hands to calm herself down.

Shen Yu just looked at her quietly.

Lu Caiwei felt his gaze. Then tightly wrapped around the slightly wrinkled neckline on his chest.

But before she could sneer, Shen Yujiu said, "Do you need to look in the mirror again?"

The tone was light and calm, but the girl was so choked that she couldn't speak.

Lu Caiwei stood up angrily, and said, "Don't look down on me, if I take off the mask, you won't be able to take your eyes off."

Shen Yuyuan looked at the lake in the distance, stood with his hands behind his back, and said casually, "Oh."

I didn't see the surprise as I imagined. The woman who hated others to pay attention to her appearance the most in her life suddenly had the urge to take off her mask immediately.

When she was in the Jiangnan of the Tang Dynasty, she was only twelve or thirteen years old, and she shocked the entire Jiangnan area with her appearance. If the family hadn't deliberately blocked the news, her name, Lu Caiwei, would definitely be famous throughout the Tang Dynasty.

Shen Yu glanced around, then closed her eyes.

Lu Caiwei was bored and said, "Which sect do you belong to? You can make the lord of a city so respectful."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Daozong."

Lu Caiwei said disdainfully: "It's just you, how is it possible."

Shen Yu said calmly: "I remember that you seem to be the one who taught you the art of controlling the sword."

Lu Caiwei snorted coldly: "Who cares!"

Shen Yu turned her head and said, "Oh, then give it back to me."

Lu Caiwei was furious, she reached out and rummaged through her sleeves, but couldn't find anything.

Shen Yu looked at her, and said without shame: "In your body, sink the qi into the dantian, and take it out of your mouth."

"You! You are still not a man."

The woman stomped her feet, covered her mouth, and glared at Shen Yu, as if she would not return it.

He had just mastered the entry-level method of controlling the sword, how could he be willing to hand it back.

Shen Yu had no choice but to say nothing, just walked along the river bank.

"Where are you going?"

Lu Caiwei asked.

Shen Yu said: "Subduing the demon!"

Lu Caiwei's eyes lit up, "Are we together?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Look at it."


		