

Fly to the foot of the peak.

Dao Fan let go of the hand on Shen Yu's shoulder.

The latter staggered suddenly, spat out several mouthfuls of scarlet blood, and then leaned against a red pine O'ang. Although his face was pale, his eyes were still bright and calm.

Dao Fan said: "I didn't expect you to shoot so hard today, and you didn't save face for Qing Lv Palace at all."

Shen Yu said calmly: "Is it a good thing or a bad thing."

Dao Fan said: "I am very happy. For decades, no disciples from Yuan Sheng Temple have participated in the performance of the Four Halls. As a result, this time, a random disciple shocked the entire Dao Sect. I, an old man, am also a little happy."

Yuansheng Temple has always had few disciples, and they have been passed down in the same line for hundreds of years, so they have never participated in the performance of the Four Halls. As the elder of Yuansheng Temple, Dao Fan naturally has some regrets.

Shen Yu didn't care about this, just responded lightly, and then slowly mobilized the spiritual power of her dantian to recover from her injury.

This time the injury was worse than the one he suffered on the top of Fenbao Cliff. The method of forcibly absorbing spiritual energy into the body was too harmful to the body. If Xun Ju had made a move at that time, the consequences would have been disastrous.

It is a pity that Fang Hen survived in the end.

Shen Yu opened her eyes, and said with some annoyance: "My realm is still too low."

Dao Fan shook his head and said, "Taoist practice is about step-by-step. With the talent you showed in today's battle with Lan Yingxing, even Fang Hen will not be your opponent in a few years."

Fang Hen is the senior brother of the Qing Law Hall, who has entered the Immortal Ascension Boundary after practicing for more than 20 years. If such a person were in other places in Linghuang, he might not be as good as him in the heads of many sects.

There was no trace of hesitation in Dao Fan's tone, because today he finally saw Shen Yu's cultivation talent clearly.

Lan Yingxing unleashed the Three Mountain Jue, a secret method inherited from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, which is the top Taoism technique of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, and its power is extremely powerful.

However, Shen Yu is just a sword.

The battle that day happened too quickly, and many people paid attention to what happened later, but subconsciously ignored it.

Shen Yu actually saw through the flaws of Sanshanjue at a glance, but at such an age, he has such a clear heart of Taoism, which can only be described as evildoer.

Dao Fan said happily, "Take your time."

Shen Yu was a little struggling, so she simply sat cross-legged and said calmly, "I don't care about Lan Yingxing, nor Fang Hen."

Daofan was puzzled.

Shen Yu said seriously: "What I care about is Xun Ju. He blocked my sword at the last moment and suppressed me with his powerful cultivation base. If my realm was higher at that time, I would definitely be able to kill him together. "


Dao Fan choked suddenly, staring dumbfounded at the pale young man in front of him.

The Master of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty is a great practitioner who has ascended to the realm of ascension and may even step into the rumored fairyland. He has mastered the entire rules and laws of the Taoist sect. He wanted to kill his disciples face to face, and even wanted to kill him after being blocked.

Dao Fan had a complex expression, and sighed, "You boy, you have a big heart, and the senior brother who was in charge of the sect thought the same way as you did back then."

"The heart of the Tao is clear and fearless. Perhaps this is the true meaning of a person who cultivates the Tao."

Shen Yu looked at Dao Fan and said, "Really, maybe you have too many constraints in your mind, so you have been staying where you are."

Dao Fan looked at him, thinking that this kid really regarded himself as the master.

Shen Yu's face was as calm as water, as if it was a matter of course for him to say these things.


Su Mo walked down from the mountain far away, interrupted the peace of the two, and said, "Young brother should need this thing."

Then, he threw over a pill.

Shen Yu took it, and after swallowing it, the mild medicinal power began to dissipate slowly, and the severe pain in the chest was relieved a little at this moment.

Su Mo didn't ask about the performance of the Four Palaces, but asked: "Junior Brother, should we adjust our breathing here for a while or go up the mountain?"

Shen Yu shook her head, got up and walked towards the stone cave where she lived in the distance, and said as she walked, "Brother, you are busy with your work, I will adjust the breath here and refine the medicinal power."

Su Mo looked strange, and turned to look at Daofan.

Dao Fan shook his head, sighed and turned to leave.

Shen Yu sat cross-legged again, but suddenly remembered something, and asked, "Can someone come here?"

Su Mo said outside the cave, "Is that little girl named Yang Liu?"

Shen Yu nodded and said: "Yes, the first seat on Zuowang Peak is not big enough."

Today, the young man not only destroyed Zhang Zhi's natal spirit treasure, but also caused his state to become unstable. How could it be easy for Yang Liu to stay in Zaowang Peak.

Su Mo said with a smile: "Let her come here first, and talk about it when the master comes back."

"it is good."

Shen Yu was fine, but when she saw Su Mo standing outside the cave, she said, "Brother, are you still busy?"

Su Mo shook his head repeatedly and said, "It's okay, I'll go up the mountain first."

Then he turned around and walked up the mountain, but halfway up the mountain, he glanced back at the narrow cave and sighed secretly.

Junior brother is such a smart person, why does he always like to live in a dog hole.


Su Mo climbed the mountain slowly all the way, and when he reached the arch bridge, a spirit carp jumped up and passed by his side, spitting out bubbles incessantly, extremely happy.

When he came to the woods filled with white mist, the thick mist receded as he walked forward, and then gathered together as he left.

Those emerald green leaves were blowing with the breeze, all pointing forward, as if to guide him in the direction to go.

Su Mo walked all the way through the moss-covered stone steps, and then came to the highest point of Feilai Peak. After overlooking the mountains and rivers, he sat down on the ground and began to read.

The mountain wind blows, the man's sleeves flutter, and the jade tree faces the wind, indescribably warm and freehand.

In these years, Su Mo has traveled to many places, and every place is like climbing this mountain. There are no waves, there are Qiaos in the river, and there is nothing wrong with it. There will even be many heaven and earth spirit beasts coming to protect the road at any time.

It's just that after he entered Taoism, he didn't go down the mountain for a long time, and every day he spent leisurely reading, planting flowers and plants.

Shen Yu once said that he is a man of fate, and that the entire Feilai Peak came because of him, whether it was the spirit carp or the blue luan bird on the mountain, he was raised since he was a child.

In the entire Yuansheng Temple, apart from those wandering elders, there were only Dao Fan, Su Mo, and Shen Yu.

Daofan has another cave, and he seldom goes to Feilai Peak on weekdays.

After Shen Yu went up the mountain, he discovered that the spiritual veins of the entire Feilai Peak were tied to Su Mo's body, and a rich spiritual energy was washing his body every day.

Senior brother, does he really have no cultivation at all?

How can a person who is determined by the fate of heaven and earth be a mortal?


		