

On the second day, a woman came, an uncle of Duzhen Hall, named Yan Qingshu, after a brief introduction of herself, she led everyone to the back of Qingcuiping.

Every Taoist disciple knows that the master of Duzhen Hall is a woman with profound cultivation, and most of Duzhen Hall are female monks.

Ten years ago, the female Sword Immortal who shocked the entire Taoist sect, who learned swords instead of Taoism, was said to be the direct disciple of the palace master.

Originally, the disciples were a little disappointed when they saw that it was not Daoxuan Daoxuan, but after feeling the continuously superimposed spiritual treasure aura, many people also guessed the destination of this trip, and became excited again.

Shen Yu walked behind the crowd, with a hint of expectation in his indifferent expression.

Several hours later, everyone finally arrived at the foot of the towering mountain full of spirits, surrounded by a sea of ​​clouds, and the top could not be seen at a glance.

This mountain is named after Fenbaoya, but the world seems to have forgotten to give this mountain a name.

The breeze sometimes blows away the sea of ​​white clouds, and countless spirit treasures can be vaguely seen floating in the air.

shining.

Everyone's breathing became more rapid, and their heartbeats accelerated even more.

It's not because of the exhaustion from traveling all the way, but because the countless spirit treasures spread down from that mountain are surging and surging, like the essence, constantly impacting down.

"One month later, you will be able to ascend this peak, and Daozong will remove all restrictions on this peak at that time."

Yan Qingshu's tone was cold, and he said: "You have just stepped into the Dao Realm, your Dao Xin is the clearest, and you have the best chance to be recognized by the Lingbao, but there is only one chance."

Yan Qingshu glanced at the crowd, and continued: "Therefore, you must get used to the coercion of these spirit treasures at the foot of the mountain as soon as possible, so that you can withstand it, and you will have the opportunity to climb to the top to find a suitable spirit treasure after a month."

Many disciples couldn't help looking up at the peak. The pressure of the Lingbao at the foot of the mountain was already so terrifying, so what about the top of the peak?

Yan Qingshu saw their thoughts at a glance, and said: "In addition to the powerful restriction, this mountain also has dangers caused by the collision of countless spirit treasures. Those who are unstable or weak may not even be able to reach the mountainside." If you can't reach it, you will be killed by the energy of these spirit treasures."

As soon as this remark came out, everyone just lost some thoughts of climbing to the top now, and began to try to adapt to the coercion of the Lingbao here.

However, several disciples with extraordinary talents still looked calm.

Jiang Shaoqiu has lost his previous arrogance since the two-peak competition, and his temper has become much calmer.

Ye Zhiqiu still had that arrogant look.

Shang Yingluo was the most evasive, jumping up and down without stopping, not caring about the coercion of the Lingbao around her.

Yan Qingshu looked around at the expressions of everyone, and said with a meaningful smile: "Of course, if you have some confidence in yourself, you can make some progress here."

Everyone was very intelligent, and they understood the meaning of this female uncle in a moment.

One step ahead, and there are many other benefits.

But, this first step, who will come?

The sound of footsteps sounded, Shen Yu looked indifferent, and walked slowly up the mountain.

Everyone's eyes focused on this handsome young man again. Since Daoxuan Daoxuan's conversation with the young man yesterday, everyone has changed a lot about Shen Yu.

Even Ye Zhiqiu, who always had a high opinion of himself, lost the pride and disdain in front of that handsome young man.

When Shen Yu passed by Yan Qingshu, she said calmly, "I'll try."

The latter nodded slightly and said, "The danger in this..."

"I know it myself."

Shen Yu interrupted her and stepped forward.

Immediately after, Shang Yingluo was the second to follow, and then Ye Zhiqiu, Liang Shi, Jiang Shaoqiu...

The disciples who were hesitant at first were also encouraged by a few people, their eyes became much firmer, and they all walked forward.

Yan Qingshu looked at the blue shadow in the front, Gu Jing Wubo's face showed a smile.

"interesting."


At the foot of the mountain, many disciples with lower cultivation bases only persisted for a few steps and then began to meditate cross-legged. The increasingly heavy Lingbao pressure almost made them unable to straighten their backs.

Others with a higher cultivation base walked slowly step by step along a moss-covered stone step.

Soon, some people couldn't hold on and sat down cross-legged.

After fifty steps, Jiang Shaoqiu also stopped.

After a hundred steps, there were only three people left. Ye Zhiqiu leaned on his knees and panted heavily, but still gritted his teeth and followed the calm figure at the front.

One hundred and fifty steps later, Ye Zhiqiu's face was pale, and the thought of giving up was lacking in his heart, but Shen Yu in front of him inadvertently looked back at him.

This made Ye Zhiqiu's expression suddenly change, and he stood up and continued walking.

Finally, at 200 paces, Ye Zhiqiu fell to the ground and could no longer move forward.

At this time, there were only two people left.

Shang Yingluo followed behind the young man. She was very talented, and she was still able to persevere at this time. When she saw Shen Yu turning her head, she asked curiously, "You value Ye Zhiqiu very much?"

"This generation of disciples, apart from you, he is the most talented person."

Shen Yu walked with his hands behind his back, and said, "This is a proud person, his temperament is very similar to mine before, so giving him a goal may stimulate his potential."

Shang Yingluo nodded and said, "You are really a good person."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "I hope they can go faster."

The little girl asked again: "Then why didn't you tell him directly?"

Shen Yu looked at the top of the mountain surrounded by clouds and mist, and said lightly: "It's too troublesome."


I don't know how far it is from the foot of the mountain, and the little girl couldn't support it anymore.

Shen Yu rubbed her head, told her to wait here, and then walked to the top of the mountain alone.

Compared with Wenxindao on the mountain behind Yanfa Hall, the Lingbao Qi here is more violent and sharp, and there are huge cracking sounds not far away from time to time.

After half an hour, Shen Yu finally stopped, looked up at the top of the mountain, and remained silent.

Although this body is the legendary innate Taoist body, Shen Yu's realm is still too low, even if he can ignore the coercion of those strong spirit treasures.

But there are countless powerful restrictions ahead that he can't overcome, and there are some hidden and deadly spiritual treasure auras.

After all, he is only in the Taoist realm.

Along the way, his mind wandered, and he didn't feel the breath of Tianxuan, the fairy weapon that had accompanied him for thousands of years. Shen Yu secretly sighed, maybe only a month later, when the formation restriction was closed, he would have a chance.

When the young man was feeling emotional, a light whistling sound suddenly resounded through the mountain.

Amidst the clouds and mist all over the sky, a crystal long sword rushed out, the sword was like autumn water.

The next one, the sword body surrounds Shen Yu, and the powerful airflow blows away the boy's tightly bundled black hair.

Shen Yu looked indifferent and didn't care.

"return."

An ethereal voice came from the forest, Yu Jian seemed to be able to understand human speech, and went to the forest in an instant.

In the middle of the forest, a figure in red appeared.

It was a woman with long hair reaching her waist, and her eyes contained thousands of stars. Although she was not very old next year, she had an aura that would overwhelm the country and the city.

The woman in red held the long sword and said, "Sorry."

Shen Yu didn't speak, but just looked at the blade of the long sword.

An amazing sword.

On the blade of the sword, a little girl with long fingers kept jumping and rolling on it, like a mountain elf.

"It is rumored that the swords of the sword cultivators have the opportunity to give birth to sword spirits. It has been a long time since I have seen such a spiritually born sword spirit."

Shen Yu looked at the woman again, and said lightly: "There is also an innate Taoist body, which is very good."


		