

Another year, spring.

When Shen Yu and Yu Wenwen returned to the land of the human race from under the Jiutian Waterfall, they discovered that the spring is warm and the flowers are blooming, and winter has long passed.

The weather in the Southern Manland has been gloomy and desolate from the beginning to the end. Suddenly feeling the spring outside, the minds of the two couldn't help but brighten up.

Yu Wenwen's beautiful face was a bit dim, and the white clothes were rarely stained with some dust, but her eyes became brighter and her temperament became more ethereal.

Shen Yu said: "Do you need to go to Nanhe City, you should take a rest first."

Yu Wenwen shook her head and said, "As Gu Yu is approaching, I think the big competition will start soon, so let's go back to Daozong as soon as possible."

Shen Yu nodded slightly, but did not speak.

In the Demon Realm, Yu Wenwen once mentioned the Dao Sect's upcoming Dao Sect Grand Competition during the Grain Rain season.

Somewhat unexpectedly, this big competition is actually related to Zhongzhou Academy, another sacred place in Linghuang.

Every time the academy opens the Lingyun list, the several great holy places of Linghuang will select one of the strongest young disciples to go to Zhongzhou, and rush to the most powerful dynasty in Linghuang, the Tang Dynasty, on the third floor of the famous academy In the building, he was baptized by a saint.

After being baptized on the third floor of the academy, the young disciples will usher in a radical change, completely widening the gap with other practitioners.

Such a great opportunity is naturally valued by the proud sons of the various holy places. If they can make further progress, they will definitely become one of the most powerful practitioners in the Linghuang Continent in the future.

However, when the academy bestowed such a great opportunity, there was another requirement.

The disciples who have successfully been baptized by the saints of the academy must go to the northern border and leave their oath of the avenue on the impenetrable city wall, promising to protect that seal in the future, and if they violate it, the avenue will be cut off.

This is a deal made by the Academy with the Nine Holy Lands in order to protect countless human beings.

This duty of guardianship has been passed down for thousands of years.

Shen Yu said: "It's a great opportunity, you have to work hard to get it."

Yu Wenwen was stunned for a moment, and said, "Aren't you going to participate?"

Shen Yu said calmly: "Is it necessary for a disciple of Jindan Realm to participate?"

Yu Wenwen came back to her senses and realized his cultivation level just now.

After Shen Yu entered Taoism, she did too many shocking things, so she subconsciously regarded Shen Yu as a disciple of the same realm as her, but in fact Shen Yu is only in the Jindan realm now.

Thinking of this, Yu Wenwen became more and more aware of Shen Yu's horror, and said seriously: "If you had started practicing more than ten years earlier, it is very likely that you will be the person who represents Daozong to the academy this time."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

The two flew extremely fast and did not stop. In the early morning of the second day, they returned to the gate of Daozong Mountain.

Several disciples guarding the mountain looked shocked when they saw the two people who suddenly fell to the ground.

Yu Wenwen rushed back to Duzhen Hall in a hurry, besides reporting to the sect about the monster clan, she presumably wanted to clean up.

Before leaving, she hesitated to speak, and finally said: "The matter in Nanhe City is a bit troublesome."

Shen Yu knew what she was talking about.

When she was in Yaoyu, Yu Wenwen never mentioned the matter of the Shen family's old house, but he knew that this matter would eventually be known by Daozong. If things were really as Li Chan said, she didn't know that Shen Yu would meet to what consequences.

Shen Yu didn't care, just waved her hand lightly.

Daozong's mountain road up the mountain is very quiet, and when some disciples pass by, they will receive a strange look.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and walked leisurely towards the Yuan Temple.

He came to a waterside pavilion and stopped suddenly. This is the place where he first came to Dao Sect to test his Dao Xin physique.

Shen Yu looked forward.

Chen Jianzhi stopped in front of the water pavilion with several disciples from the Qinglu Palace.

Their eyes were full of vigilance, and they raised their spirit treasures and fairy swords with both hands.


Chen Jianzhi said: "Ten years ago, regarding the matter of the Shen family in Nanhe City, Zhongzhou Academy and the Dali Dynasty sent people here a few days ago. Today they are all in the Law Enforcement Pavilion. I hope you can cooperate with the investigation."

Shen Yu looked calm and nodded slightly.

I had already thought that the matter would not be concealed before, but I didn't expect that the academy far away in Zhongzhou would come so soon after only a few months.

A gloomy young man stood beside Chen Jianzhi and scolded, "The matter has been exposed, why are you still acting so calm?"

Shen Yuwang didn't even glance at him.

Snapped.

The young man casually threw out a pair of silver magic weapons, but they were like the iron chains that bind prisoners in a mortal prison. He said with a contemptuous expression, "Put it on yourself, don't bring yourself shame."

Chen Jianzhi frowned, feeling a little displeased.

This magical weapon is a very unnecessary thing in the Law Enforcement Pavilion. Generally, those disciples who violate the sect rules are imprisoned in the dantian spiritual power, but this kind of artifact is those who have done all kinds of evil things. Disciples will only use it, and it is more to humiliate people.

Even so, Chen Jianzhi still did not speak.

Because that young man was called Fang Wen, and he was the younger brother of Fang Hen, the elder brother of the Qing Lvdian. He usually relied on his own elder brother and was arrogant and rude.

Shen Yu didn't even look at the magic weapon that looked like an iron chain, and said lightly: "Let's go."

Chen Jianzhi nodded. Just as he was about to speak, he was interrupted by a sharp shout.

"Didn't you hear what I said?"

Fang Wen, who was ignored from the beginning to the end, said, his face became more gloomy, and his tone became more hostile.

And Shen Yu just passed him by, with an expressionless expression, without even looking at him, as if he was just a stone on the side of the road.

Subconsciously, Fang Wen wanted to raise his right hand and swing the iron chain, but was suddenly pulled back by Chen Jianzhi beside him.

"Hmph, bastard."

Fang Wen felt Chen Jianzhi's warning eyes and could only shake his hands angrily, but still couldn't help but cursed: "You are really a bitch, how can you, who kills your father and mother, have the face to live in this world."

The vicious cursing sound came into everyone's ears clearly.

Some people more or less knew about the matter of the Shen family in Nanhe City, but it was reported by the disciples of Qingdi City who had enmity with Daozong, so everyone didn't take it seriously.

But as disciples of the Dao Sect, they said it openly, and many people secretly took a deep breath, with nervous expressions.

Chen Jianzhi frowned.

He has personally seen Shen Yu's ruthless methods when performing in the Fourth Palace, this kid really doesn't know the depth.

Shen Yu stopped in her tracks.

He turned around, looking at Fang Wen with those dark eyes.

Then, suddenly, he smiled.

Everyone in the field was shocked for no reason, and Fang Wen couldn't help but took two steps back. At that moment, he actually felt a strange palpitation.

Then Shen Yu took a step forward.

The next moment, Fang Wen spat out a mouthful of blood, as if he had been hit hard, his body bent, and he flew a distance of more than ten feet in an instant, and then smashed hard to the ground.

The fluctuation of spiritual power came from behind everyone, Chen Jianzhi was full of anger, and turned his head to look behind, although he showed a look of astonishment.

Yu Wenwen stood in the distance, slowly put down her right hand, her expression indifferent.

Only then did the disciples of the Palace of the Qing Law react, and then they all glared at Yu Wenwen.

Chen Jianzhi said in a deep voice: "Senior Sister Yu, why did the opponent's younger brother hit him so hard?"

"Such a mindless thing should be shot."

Yu Wenwen glanced at the crowd, then turned up the volume slightly. Said: "Do you also believe what the people of Qingdi City say?"

The truth of the matter is still unknown.

Except for Chen Jianzhi, all the disciples lowered their heads unconsciously.

First, Yu Wenwen's power among the young disciples has become more and more popular among the young disciples over the years, and second, Fang Wen's insults before the matter was clear, really made the Law Enforcement Pavilion lose face.

Chen Jianzhi didn't refute, and there was silence in the field.

Shen Yu broke the silence and said, "Why are you back?"

Yu Wenwen walked towards Shen Yu and said, "On the way, I heard some disciples say this, so I came here."

Shen Yu found that the woman's clothes hadn't been changed yet, and even the corners of the clothes were stained with some new stains. It seemed that she rushed here before she had time to return to Duzhen Hall.

Shen Yu then patted the dust on her shoulder, and said, "Since we're going back, we should change our clothes first."

Yu Wenwen naturally accepted the other party's intimacy, shook her head and said, "I'm a little worried."

Chen Jianzhi was listening to the two talking, and seeing their intimate scene, he clenched his fists in his sleeves, and finally couldn't help but said: "Junior Sister Yu, do you know what he did?"

Yu Wenwen said calmly: "I know, but what does it have to do with you?"

Chen Jianzhi wanted to say something, but Shen Yu interrupted him.

"lead the way."


Palace of Qing Law, Law Enforcement Pavilion.

After Shen Yu walked into the hall, she felt several appraising eyes.

Daochen sat in the middle as the law enforcement elder of Qinglu Palace, Zhou Yi of Yanfa Palace, and Xu Qingmei of Duzhen Palace even came here.

No disciples were present, not even Yu Wenwen was allowed inside.

The expressions of several people were extremely dignified, and the atmosphere in the hall was also very depressing.

On the guest seat on the left side of the hall, sat a man with the appearance of a literati, with a gentle smile like jade.

The other is a man with a rough face exuding a military aura, with a firm expression.

The former is from Zhongzhou Academy, named Lu Wenyu.

The latter came from the Dali Dynasty and was named Hu Bufeng.

They came to Daozong this time, naturally because of the massacre that caused a sensation in the Dali Dynasty.

Shen Yu stood in the lobby with a calm expression.

After a silence, Dao Chen spoke first: "I'm glad you didn't choose to escape."

Shen Yu didn't know what he wanted to express, and he didn't do anything wrong in this matter from the beginning to the end.

Why do you have the idea of ​​fleeing?


Outside the Law Enforcement Court.

As a deacon of the Law Enforcement Court, Chen Jianzhi is not qualified to participate in this interrogation, but his mind is not in the hall right now.

"I don't understand why you care so much about him."

Chen Jianzhi said seriously: "I don't think I must be inferior to him."

Yu Wenwen looked ahead and said without thinking: "No, you are not his opponent at all."

Chen Jianzhi's face became more and more ugly.

He had been to Feilai Peak in Yuansheng Temple, where Shen Yufeng said similar words calmly.

But at that time, it sounded far less frustrating than hearing this sentence today, because it was said from the mouth of a woman I had admired for many years.

Chen Jianzhi's handsome face gradually lost its color. He couldn't conceal the disappointment in his heart, and said, "Why? Just because he defeated Senior Brother Fang and me when performing in the fourth hall? But if I continue..."

Yu Wenwen interrupted him directly, and said: "If you and I are in the same realm, what will be the outcome after we compete with each other?"

Chen Jianzhi was stunned, then thought about it for a while, and finally said: "Out of ten rounds, you can win seven rounds."

Yu Wenwen glanced at the hall, was silent for a while, and then said: "Do you know, I have competed with him in a hundred rounds in the past few months, and I have shot with all my strength, but I have never won a single victory."

Yu Wenwen paused, and said seriously: "I haven't even touched the hem of his clothes."

Chen Jianzhi's eyes widened, and he said, "Impossible!...he just..."

Subconsciously, Chen Jian wanted to refute, but after seeing Yu Wenwen's eyes, he closed his mouth again, completely losing confidence in his heart.

Yu Wenwen didn't need to lie to him, or she never bothered to lie.

What Chen Jianzhi admired and liked was her character, so she knew more about the weight of Yu Wenwen's words.

After a long time, he lost his mind and said: "But, so what, since the people from the academy and Dali have come, it means that the matter must be true. How can he escape punishment under the current situation."

"You are very talented, but your heart is too small, not free and easy, and not straightforward enough, so I don't like it."

Yu Wenwen shook her head and said, "He looks like a man, but you look like a woman."


		