

If it is said that gold, silver and copper coins are used for transactions in the mortal world, then all kinds of jade in the spiritual wasteland can be regarded as the currency used for transactions between practitioners, and many jades with different characteristics gradually evolve into different kinds of jade. usefulness.

For example, jade is used to test human qualifications.

Daozong found a rare green jade in the southwest mountains, which can test the talent of Taoism.

Moreover, other holy places of the Taoist sect also have similar immortal jades to test people's cultivation potential.

The piece of crystal jade that is placed in front of Shen Yu's eyes is considered to be the most common kind of spirit shortage.

Determining ball.

When a person's specific strength limit is reached, the jade will sense it and emit light.

Shen Yu looked at Yushi.

Everyone in the venue looked at Shen Yu quietly.

The three people from the Qingxu sect looked down indifferently.

If you can't even pass the simplest level, don't mention it in their eyes.

Footsteps sounded at this moment.

Shen Yu didn't speak, just walked over directly, and then gently put his hand on the middle part of the jade.

A faint brilliance came from the spacious and somewhat dark room, which lighted up slightly, and then remained constant to a certain extent.

Shen Yu withdrew her hand, ignored everyone's shocked gazes, and continued to look at the array.

The people around were a little silent.

The steward of Sifang Pavilion quietly glanced at the woman in the yellow shirt, and said, "Pass."

Shen Yu looked indifferent.

He is now in the Cave Realm. Although the top young generation in the cultivation world seems a little behind, but in this kind of mortal test, he can already be regarded as a genius, or even a monster.

You must know that the young disciples he met in Daozong may be the great practitioners who will be at the peak of the entire spiritual realm in the future, so it seems that the realm is very inconspicuous, even a little behind.

But in fact, Dongzhenjing is already very remarkable at his age in Linghuang, and he can almost be called a fairy.

The beautiful eyes of the parents and daughters of Nangong, who had always looked lazy, pointed to the giant array and said with a smile: "Do you want to play with this son?"

Shen Yu was silent for a while, and said honestly: "No."

"I can't learn it."

A slightly playful voice came.

This time it was not Nangong Rou who spoke, but the white-haired old woman at the front of the Qingxu Sect, with wrinkles like dead tree roots densely covering her face, and her smile was eerie.

The old woman said in an extremely uncomfortable voice: "Although these two disciples of my Qingxu Sect are not as proficient in formations as Miss Nangong, they barely understand a thing or two. Why don't we play together?"

Nangong Rou showed a gloating altar, her eyes flicked between the two.

All the fights and frictions in the world are basically caused by trivial matters at the beginning. As one of the four major families in Qianliu City, Nangong Rou, who was regarded as a jewel in the palm since she was a child, has seen it a lot, but she is very interested in the current affairs.

The old servant of the Yang family shook his head slightly at Shen Yu.

Yang Pan'er also pulled Shen Yu's sleeve, made a face at the old woman, and said angrily, "Who is playing with you!"

Influenced by the family all the year round, Yang Pan'er naturally knew that the other party had no good intentions.

The corner of the gloomy old woman's mouth twitched, and she said in a strange way: "In the future, Miss Yang will marry the young head of my family, then we will all be a family. According to the seniority, you still want me to be an aunt. If you speak too harshly, you will suffer."

Yang Pan'er jumped up on the spot like a cat whose tail was stepped on, but was interrupted by a wave before he could say anything.

Shen Yu said lightly: "How do you want to play?"

"Playing chess between formations is like marching and fighting in the mortal world. Naturally, the outcome is important. If anyone loses, then..."

There was a hint of teasing in the old woman's eyes, and she said, "Climb out."

Shen Yu smiled and said, "Climb out?"

A tall young man behind the old woman sneered and said, "Yes, crawl out from the ground like a bastard."

Nangongrou didn't say a word about it, but played with her fingers silently.

Shen Yu turned her head and said, "Can you play?"

Yang Pan'er blinked her eyes and said, "Yes, but not too bad."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "That's enough."


The array is a rectangular platform about twenty feet long and ten feet wide.

It gathers mountains and rivers, river valleys, and cities and lakes.

The surrounding area was enveloped by illusory aura, emitting a faint blue light.

The two need to fight against each other, use dolls as soldiers, arrange troops on this formation board, and start fighting. If one side successfully occupies the largest city in front of the other side, it will be considered a victory.

Qingxu sent out the tall man who just spoke.

Following the words of the old steward of Sifang Pavilion, the two began to form an formation.

Yang Pan'er seemed a little nervous, and used the most conservative method. He just placed guards on several nodes of the array, and made up his mind to defend to the end.

It's a pity that her understanding of this kind of game is still too shallow. With the opponent's powerful offensive coming from all directions, there are many loopholes in less than a while, and the situation instantly falls into a disadvantage.

The opponent was not in a hurry, and slowly assembled all the troops on the array, cutting flesh with blunt knives, wantonly humiliating.

Shen Yu quietly watched the situation on the board.

This kind of game is similar to playing chess, the difference is that the number of chess pieces controlled is different, and it pays more attention to deduction and calculation.

Although Yang Pan'er knows the basic rules and methods, rigid cognition and seeing the application of the battle are two different things.

As one important pass after another was breached and the city was occupied, Yang Pan'er's frown became deeper and deeper, and she even looked slightly aggrieved and pitiful.

"Okay."

Shen Yu said.

Everyone in the room was stunned for a moment.

The disciple of the Qingxu sect who thought he had the chance to win said with a smile: "Are you going to admit defeat?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "I'll do it."


Shen Yu stood where Yang Pan'er was before.

However, few people thought that the outcome of this game would be tilted towards him. Even Nangong Rou, who had the most profound knowledge of matchmaking in the field, already believed that the outcome was decided, and it was absolutely impossible to win the game.

The tide is over.

The disciple of the Qingxu Sect also thought so, so he smiled and said: "You just watched it for less than a quarter of an hour, do you think you are the geniuses of the Tianji Pavilion?"

Shen Yu didn't say anything, just looked at the array silently.

He has always disliked nonsense, and there are people who are qualified to be called geniuses in front of him, but they will never be those people in the other party's mouth.

next moment.

Shen Yu's right hand was gently placed on the edge of the array.

The blue mist above the formation disk began to flow rapidly, and the situation changed, as if the horn of counterattack was blowing.


Time passed by every minute and every second.

finally.

Shen Yu's hand withdrew from the array, and then the blue mist in front of him slowly returned to calm.

The eyes of the young disciple of the Qingxu Sect were completely filled with an incomprehensible expression, his face was lost, and then he collapsed on the chair beside him.

game over.

Shen Yu won, and of course he won.

No one spoke, including the Nangong patriarch's daughter who looked lazy at first and now looked serious.

Shen Yu turned her head, and then looked back at the array, feeling that some places were still not good enough, so she frowned.


		