

Above the tip of the sword.

A radius of dozens of miles has been covered with gloomy black clouds that seem to destroy the world. Countless people looked up and felt that the spiritual power in their bodies was about to move, as if they were also facing catastrophe.

Immediately afterwards, a bright and breathtaking light was born from the very center of the black cloud vortex, and the purple divine thunder descended from the sky.

Seeing this, everyone restrained their aura one after another, and escaped from the scope of the divine thunder.

Only the simple and honest man came forward, and his right fist slammed into Zixiao Tianlei.

There was no sound.

The sky thunder annihilated three feet in front of Li Yi.

And three inches in front of Shen Yu's chest is Li Yi's right fist.

Li Yi withdrew his fist, and calmly said: "Taoist lightning method is really unparalleled in the world."

Shen Yu withdrew his sword at the same time, and said: "The realm of a martial artist is all in himself. You can resist a thunder from me, but I can't take a punch from you. The outcome is unpredictable."

Shen Yu looked indifferent, he never thought that he would lose, but he also did not think that he would win so easily.

A martial artist in the world, relying on his strong body to fight against others.

And Li Yi had to suppress the Qi and blood in his body in order to suppress the realm, which meant cutting off his own arm.

Li Yi patted the dust on his body, and said with a smile: "Anyway, this fight was very enjoyable."

Shen Yu asked: "Stop fighting?"

"Your realm is not enough, and you are a little uncomfortable playing."

Li Yi shook his head and said: "When you really reach the upper three realms, we can fight again."

Shen Yu thought about it and said, "Yes."


A much-anticipated battle seemed to be over, and it even looked anticlimactic.

But many people in the room felt that this might be the best ending.

The two of them will surely become top practitioners in the world in the future, and it would be a pity if they had to divide life and death now.

Yaochi He Pianpian said: "It seems that there will be another strong enemy in the future."

Wan Jianyi frowned slightly as he looked at Shen Yu's side face.

Because he found that the other party was a little like him, the pride in his eyes was revealed without any movement.

Looking at each other with disgust, Wan Jianyi suddenly hated this person.

"Three years later, the trip to the academy will be a battle of life and death."

Wan Jianyi said to the bunt guy.

"I hope you can truly enter the Immortal Ascension Realm within three years."

Wan Jianyi turned to Shen Yu again and said.

Immediately afterwards, the whole person stood up from the ground, and a long line was drawn across the sky in the blink of an eye.

Kunlun Ten Thousand Swords, coming and going are extremely chic.

Shen Yu raised her head and looked at the figure flying in the sea of ​​clouds in the sky, feeling a little puzzled.

Because he clearly felt a trace of hostility in the other party's words.

And this hostility... still seemed familiar to him.

Shen Yu thought for a while, and then thought of a possibility. His face suddenly became strange.


After the war.

One of the few good places left by Guiyun Xianzong has become a ruin again.

Many disciples of the Immortal Sect began to build on their own, and unexpectedly, Li Yi also took the initiative to do these things.

Li Yiyi was surprisingly proficient in repairing the ruins, and he was more capable than most people in doing it.

And Shen Yu obviously didn't have this kind of awareness, and he casually stood by the lake and asked, "Isn't the third floor of the Academy opened in a year?"

Li Yi lifted a huge stone from the river with one hand, threw it into the open space beside the lake, and explained: "The academy has delayed the deadline, and now it is three years later, and the news will soon spread throughout the entire spirit desert."

Shen Yu asked puzzled, "Why?"

Li Yi shook his head and said, "I don't know, it seems that something happened in the academy."

Shen Yu looked at the lake and nodded.

This news is very good news for Daozong.

Among the young disciples of this generation, the cultivation age is actually much younger than other young practitioners in Linghuang. Three years is enough time for many Taoists to truly enter the forefront of the realm of the younger generation in the world.

As soon as Li jumped up from the river, the water on his trousers evaporated instantly.

Shen Yu asked another question, "Do you know where you rank in the Lingyun list?"

This question is an extremely secretive matter to many people.

Except for the old master who has never seen his tail in the academy, almost no one knows the truth.

Unexpectedly, Li Yi said calmly: "It's either the second or the third."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly and asked, "Why not number one?"

Li Yi's temperament is very suitable for Shen Yu, so he knows that since the other party is willing to tell, he doesn't bother to lie.

Li Yi pondered for a while, and said: "Because I overheard my master chatting with others inadvertently back then, the number one in the current Lingyun list is an existence beyond previous understanding, and it is out of the rules of heaven and earth, so naturally it cannot be me. "

The voice was so low that only Shen Yu could hear it.

When Shen Yu heard this, her expression turned solemn for the first time in the true sense.

He understands the meaning of the phrase beyond the rules of heaven and earth better than young disciples like Li Yi.

For Shen Yu, who has seen the highest scenery in the world, the whole world is composed of countless invisible rules. Whether it is Taoism, martial arts, or the true meaning of the three religions, they are all multiplied and changed from the rules of heaven and earth.

What is a genius?

It is to be able to feel the changes in the rules of the world more clearly than ordinary people, so as to further grasp the mighty power of the world.

And detaching from the rules means not being bound by the rules of heaven and earth.

This is an incomparable and very terrifying power.

Shen Yu raised her head slightly, thinking, is there really going to be a monster in this life?

But who would he be?

Li Yi suddenly looked at the distant sky, narrowed his eyes, and said, "I'm leaving."

Shen Yu also realized what was going on and nodded.

The next moment, Li Yi's body sank, and then this body leaped high, suddenly jumped into the sky, and then appeared on the ground tens of feet away, and a deep hole appeared on the hard ground.

After a few jumps, after four or five breaths, he completely disappeared.

Shen Yu looked at the sky.

Yaochi He Pianpian slowly walked to him from behind, and said: "There is a hidden aura flying over, it should be from the land of Qianchuan."

Shen Yu squinted her eyes, felt the sudden fluctuation of spiritual power in the distance, frowned suddenly, and said, "Something is wrong."


Return to the distant world of Yunxianzong.

Li Yi, who was no longer suppressing his own cultivation, descended like a tiger, running recklessly, and the distance of a thousand feet could be seen in the blink of an eye.

In the middle of the sky, Li Yi suddenly punched out a void.

There was a crackling sound like a window pane cracking.

A black shadow seemed to fall from the void, and was smashed straight to the deserted mountain ground.

Li Yi fell.

In a collapsed mountainside in front of him, an old man in black robe slowly stood up from the big pit with gloomy eyes.

He laughed hoarsely: "As expected of Li Yi of Qingdi City, what a great ability."

Li had no expression on his face, but he dodged and kicked the opponent's head.

boom!

The latter had no room to resist, and was kicked dozens of feet away again.

Li Yi clenched his fists and strode forward without any nonsense from beginning to end.

The black-robed old man wiped away the blood from the corner of his mouth casually, and the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, revealing a scheming smile.

Li Yi stopped suddenly, his eyes moved slightly.

Subtle spiritual power fluctuations appeared.

Two more streaks of black mist came out of the void.

The three of them sandwiched Li Yi in the middle, at the same time, a voice sounded: "Arise!"

Countless traces of spiritual energy appeared on the ground, mysterious and inexplicable, and suddenly radiated light.

I saw black mist on the edge of the barren mountains, completely covering this small mountain, like a prison.

The mountains became ethereal, looming between the sky and the earth.

Immediately afterwards, countless spiritual energy poured into the back of the three black-robed old men, and the aura instantly rose to a terrifying level.

The gloomy old man from before seemed to have made up his mind, he laughed and said: "Boy, this time you can't escape with your wings."

Another flat voice came to mind, "Don't talk nonsense, it will change later."

Immediately afterwards, the person on the right smiled and said: "Under the yin lock array in my Qianchuan land, the three of you and I are comparable to the three great practitioners of the upper three realms. What can a martial artist like him do?"

Li Yi looked as usual.

The gloomy old man in black robe said with a smile: "This is the first time in my land of Qianchuan to attack and kill the top five geniuses in the Lingyun list. I was originally planning to deal with Kunlun Wanjianyi, but it would be even better if I replaced you by accident."

"Do it!"

The next moment, the three of them shouted loudly at the same time, and their hands quickly formed seals.

Immediately afterwards, three terrifying auras shot up into the sky, and the originally quiet spiritual power in the world became boiling and violent.

At the very top of the entire black prison, a giant hand of a hundred feet descended from the sky above the clouds, surrounded by thunder and lightning, and an aura of destruction suddenly emerged.

Countless people in the distance felt the terrifying movement, and they all looked in this direction.

"Ni Mie Palm." The three shouted together.

The giant hand that seemed to cover the sky and the earth fell towards Li Yi, and all the spiritual energy in Fangyuan Qianzhang was swept away.

Black clouds surged.

He was decisive and ruthless, without leaving half a point behind.

Under the vision of heaven and earth, Li Yi just put his arms around his chest and raised his head slightly.

There was a bang.

After the earth shook and the mountains shook, the giant palm suddenly stopped only a foot away from the ground, and could no longer descend an inch.

The three people in the land of Qianchuan showed unbelievable and shocking expressions at the same time.

Because the tough man who didn't say a word from the beginning to the end stretched out a hand.

And that hand lifted up the giant palm formed by the gathering of countless spiritual powers.

"My master said that when you come out to travel the world, if you meet a field mouse in the land of Qianchuan, you must kill it."

"I remember that three people in my Qingdi City were killed by you. I will always remember this account."

"It just so happens that I haven't played enough games today, so I'll play with you."

Between heaven and earth, every time he uttered a word, the man's aura rose by a point.

In the end, the middle-aged man's turbulent spiritual energy poured into the sky like a waterfall.

The so-called Yin lock array began to crumble.

It wasn't until this moment that this unremarkable man let out a sigh of relief, as if he had been completely released from some kind of restriction.

"Native chicken and tile dog, let alone three people, even if there are thirty people, what can I do?"

Finally, the man who no longer deliberately suppressed his own realm suddenly stepped on the ground with his right foot.

Within a hundred miles, the earth trembled and the mountains shook, and the formation formed by the black mist instantly shattered.

Immediately afterwards, Li took a big step forward, grabbed the neck of the old man in front of him, and disappeared in an instant.

In the depths of the distant mountains, there were bursts of explosions that sounded like thunder.

From south to north, there is an endless stream.

Suddenly, from the most distant mountain peak in the north, countless rubble exploded, and a figure like a dragon reappeared.

Li Yi fell to the ground again, and with a casual throw of his right hand, a lifeless corpse fell to the ground.

"Bastard, are you blind? You and I can't solve this person."

"Walk!"

The remaining two made a decisive decision and rushed towards the sky.

Li Yi twitched the corner of his mouth and smiled lightly.

"Did you run away?"

Li Yi's legs were covered with blue veins, and then he jumped up, the ground was completely sunken and smashed, and he jumped directly into the sky.

Like a strange beast in heaven and earth, it shocks the world.


Above the sky of Dongzu Prefecture, from south to north, winds and clouds surged, and spiritual energy scattered.

After half an hour.

Two black figures hit the ground fiercely from the sky of countless chapters of heaven and earth one after another, life and death are unknown.

A tiny black shadow visible to the naked eye quietly emerged from the corpse.

It's a pity that before leaving the distance, a berserk fist descended from the sky.

The three of them were instantly out of their wits.


		