

Patriarch Hall Square.

The disciples watching the battle all looked dull, while some elders at the front looked dignified.

Ming saw that blood was all over his body at this time, and his white clothes were even torn apart, and there were some small wounds on the exposed places.

He kept panting, looking a little embarrassed.

Zhang Jian was still standing at the original position, with a playful expression on his face, holding a long emerald green whip in his hand.

This competition was a bit surprising, it was not as evenly matched as imagined, and there was a big gap between them.

Because Zhang Jian's realm is actually higher than Mingjian, and the Lingbao in his hand is even more unpredictable.

Mingjian, who is now at the peak of the early stage of the Immortal Ascension Boundary, has almost no power to fight back.

Every time Zhang Jian swung the long whip in his hand, the tip of the whip would ruthlessly draw a wound on Ming Jian's body. Although it was not deep or severe, this kind of torture made people feel a little bit tormented.

The disciples at Yanfa Hall were a little angry.

They could all see that Zhang Jian was humiliating Mingjian, because he could have ended the battle long ago with his ability, but still attacking with such a soft knife to cut flesh is humiliation.

Zhang Zhi, the head of Zuowang Peak, looked at this scene with a gloomy face showing a trace of disdain. This disciple really did not disappoint him, and he did not hide more than 20 years in vain. This battle alone made him famous.

After winning Mingjian, and waiting for the two to fight, everything went so smoothly.

"His state turned out to be in the middle stage of the Immortal Ascension Boundary."

Zhou Yi said: "I didn't expect there to be disciples of this level among the seven peaks, but obviously they couldn't beat them."

Fan Weimin stood aside indifferently, and said indifferently, "I will make him feel this kind of humiliation."

There are many whip shadows.

Seeing that his legs had been injured by Lingbao, and the blood had flowed all over the ground, he was on the verge of falling and couldn't even stand still.

"You can't beat me."

Zhang Jian looked proud and said with a smile: "You should admit defeat."

Seeing that he ignored it, he just wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, straightened his body, and his eyes were still so tenacious.

A few days before the competition, he personally found his elder brother Fan Weimin and begged to replace him in this competition.

It's not for the quota to go to the academy, but just to defeat the disciples of Zuowangfeng in this grand competition.

No one knows why, only Mingjian knows it in his heart.

All of this was done for a conversation in the small courtyard of Cuizhufeng that day.

If there was no conversation that day, maybe he would not be able to set foot in the Immortal Ascension Boundary in his life.

No matter how inhumane Shen Yu is said by others, or what heinous things he has done, they cannot erase the help he once gave him.

He couldn't save Shen Yu, so he had to express his gratitude in another way.

The natal spirit treasure 'Duanchen' who had been with him for more than 20 years gradually emitted a faint white light and slowly spun in front of him.

After being silent for a long time, the whisk made of ten thousand-year-old cicada silk finally showed the true colors of Lingbao.

Seeing that his vision was starting to become blurred, he still drew his hands in circles, wrote a seal in Lingkong, and murmured: "Go."

Then, the light shines everywhere.

Duanchen turned into thousands of white rays of light, soaring into the sky, and then disappeared.

"Hmph, it's still too weak."

Zhang Jian said disdainfully.

Ding!

A favorable object suddenly appeared in front of Zhang Jian, and he suddenly withdrew his long whip. The next moment, the white dust thread was blocked by him like a needle.

"That's it..."

Before Zhang Jian could finish his mocking words, his face suddenly changed.

Because he found that the power of the whisk was getting stronger and stronger, like a mountain pressing down on the top, it was very slow, but its momentum was unstoppable.

Zhang Jian retreated uncontrollably, the long whip-shaped spiritual treasure in his hand was almost pressed into an arc, his elbows were already bent to the limit, and the dust thread was only three inches away from his chest.

Ming saw that his face was getting paler, but his body was still upright, and his trembling right hand was pinching Fajue tightly.

"get out."

Zhang Jian suddenly yelled angrily, his face was ferocious, and the spiritual power all over his body burst out suddenly, pouring into his hands like a tide.

Then, he finally stopped his retreating figure,

But the whisk still didn't give up.

Thus, one person and one Fuchen began to confront each other with difficulty.

Countless people stared at the field, holding their breath and looking nervous.

I don't know how long it took, only a sigh was heard.

Ming Jian, who was on the verge of falling, finally passed out, and then the whisk lost its strength and fell to the ground powerlessly.

ended.


Dao Xin Daoist said: "In the first match, Zhang Jian won on Sitting Forgotten Peak."

Except for some cheers from the disciples of Zuowang Peak, there was no other sound in the field, and many people even felt a little pity.

Zhang Jian's face no longer had the previous arrogance, and when he thought of the battle just now, he felt like he was alive after a catastrophe.

A few disciples from Yan Fa Hall hurried out and carried Ming Jian off the high platform.

Master Daoxuan showed no expression on his face, and with a wave of his hand, a blue pill fell into Zhang Jian's hand, and the latter took it hastily.

Huiyuan Pill, a very rare high-grade elixir of Taoism, can quickly restore the spiritual power of a practitioner.

Master Daoxuan naturally had a reason for sending out this pill.

Although Daozong designated four disciples with outstanding talents and the strongest combat power to participate in this competition, if there are disciples in the audience who challenge one of the four to win, they will naturally get that person's place.

Practitioners have never been able to get everything safely and securely.

Every Taoist disciple has the opportunity to participate in the challenge, a very fair selection.

Daoxuan Daoxuan glanced at the crowd, then said calmly: "Can someone step forward to challenge?"

Fan Weimin knocked the ashes from the pipe in his hand, and said, "Okay, I'll beat him up for Junior Brother Mingjian."

He took a step forward, then stopped suddenly, his face full of astonishment.

At some point in the field, another figure appeared.

Ye Zhiqiu stood on the high platform and said loudly: "Ye Zhiqiu, a disciple of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, please enlighten me."

He stood among the crowd of disciples of the Qing Law Hall from the beginning to the end, and no one noticed when he appeared there.

Countless people looked at the field in astonishment.

Although Ye Zhiqiu has shown his edge over the years, he is still just getting started, so how can he be Zhang Jian's opponent.

The most surprising thing is, isn't Qingludian and Zuowangfeng a good friend?

Chen Jianzhi came to Ye Zhiqiu's side in an instant, and said in a deep voice, "Nonsense, you are now a disciple of the Qing Law Palace, don't do anything wrong."

Ye Zhiqiu shook his head, and said frankly: "I just follow my heart."

"Do you think I don't know? Do you think that Shen Yu came out for the three of you and destroyed Zhang Zhi's natal treasure, so you think you owe him a favor?"

Chen Jianzhi said coldly: "However, don't forget your identity, and you are not Zhang Jian's opponent at all. You are doing this to humiliate yourself. If you don't draw a line with Shen Yu, then you How do you deal with yourself in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty?"

Chen Jianzhi emphasized his tone and continued: "The road to the great road, can't it compare to that little kindness?"

Ye Zhiqiu was like a blow to the head, his face was complicated, and his eyes were full of confusion.

"Nonsense, don't come down yet."

Master Daochen scolded.

Ye Zhiqiu felt a majestic gaze, and subconsciously looked back, it turned out to be his master Xun Ju.

"You are still a little short, come down."

Xun Ju's expression was calm and his tone was very gentle, but Ye Zhiqiu felt an infinite pressure.

Ye Zhiqiu clenched his fists and wanted to say something, but found that he couldn't speak, so he had to lower his head slightly and stand stubbornly in the field.

Everyone was extremely surprised that the master of the Qinglu Palace would speak out in person, and what was even more surprising was that Ye Zhiqiu didn't obey his teacher's orders.

There was a sudden silence in the field, everyone was waiting for something to happen.

Reverend Daoxuan just watched this scene quietly, without urging him.

"Go down."

Suddenly, an indifferent voice sounded beside Ye Zhiqiu.

Ye Zhiqiu subconsciously said: "No..."

Before he finished speaking, he suddenly turned his head to look, then opened his mouth wide, his face full of disbelief.

Those with the same expression as him were the countless elders and disciples in the audience.

"You are still a little worse now."

The man patted him on the shoulder and said lightly, "I'll do it."


		