

Taoism has a long heritage, with four halls and seven peaks.

Green Bamboo Peak is located in the southwest corner of the Inner Gate, which is the closest to the Mountain Gate.

The peak is full of green bamboos, hence the name. There are many courtyards lined up on the open side of the mountain, which is far and quiet.

New disciples will practice here before they break through the Qi Refining Realm and get their soul treasures.

"There are still a few days left for this introductory test. After the end, we will start learning together here."

Ming saw that the real person casually threw an introductory manual of Taoism to the two of them, and then introduced some cumbersome rules of Taoism.

"Come to me if you don't understand anything, I will always be at the Green Bamboo Peak."

Before leaving, Mingjian said kindly to Shang Yingluo, her attitude was very heartwarming and pleasant, but she didn't even glance at Shen Yu who was beside her.

After the little girl thanked him sweetly, when she saw him walking away, she turned around and said, "He doesn't seem to like you very much."

Shen Yu looked at the courtyard in front of him, and said lightly: "I have never been very likable."

Shang Yingluo hummed, and said sincerely, "I don't hate you."

Shen Yu glanced at her and said, "Don't worry, I will keep a secret for you."

The little girl's face turned red immediately, and she looked left and right, with a look of "it's not like this" all over her face.

The courtyard is extremely quaint and simple, as is the layout of the room on the side of the mountain, a wooden bed, a wooden table, but the celadon tea set on the table is full of fresh air, not ordinary.

After Shen Yu cleaned up briefly, he made a pot of tea, and then sat on a chair in a daze silently.

After Shen Yu woke up, she really came to look for the spirit treasure, and then went to look for some people.

It's just that it's been too long, the Lingbao may still be there, and people don't know if it's still there.

Two pointed braids appeared outside the house, and then the little girl walked in with her hands behind her back.

Shen Yu picked up the teacup and said, "Most of the demon clansmen are short-tempered and arrogant, and they regard the human race as ants. With your status, you are really a different kind."

"I'm just here to ask you a question."

The little girl rolled her eyes, staring at him like a curious baby and said, "Did you help me when I was taking the aptitude test just now? My intuition is very accurate, is it you, don't lie."

Daozong's tea was slightly bitter, Shen Yu took a sip and said, "Although you are a demon, your aptitude for cultivating Taoism is indeed very good, but Wen Xinjing is a human spirit treasure, so you are naturally against you."

Neither denied nor affirmed, but Shang Yingluo knew the answer right away.

After twisting her body, the little girl sat on the chair without any image, her elbows resting on the table, her chin resting on her hands, and she kept looking at him with her big eyes.

"You are really strange. You are even more incomprehensible than me. Shen Yu, who are you?"

Shen Yu frowned and fell silent. For others, this question was very simple, but for herself, she didn't know what to say for a while.

Finally, he took a deep breath and said seriously, "It's just a failed person."

As if thinking of something that made him painful again, Shen Yu's indifferent expression changed, and his voice became cold: "I need to confirm some things, and then kill a few more people."

Shang Yingluo gnawed at the spiritual fruit on the table and said, "Well, it sounds very interesting. Don't forget to let me know when you're sure about it."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "Okay."


"There are thousands of ways to practice in the world, and my way is the most authentic. This is recognized by many sects in the mountains and seas."

"In ancient times, there was a Taoist senior who used the innate treasure to suppress the luck of our human race and practice enlightenment, so that the human race could gain a foothold in the mountains and seas."

"Recently speaking, the Taixuan Daoist 3,000 years ago overwhelmed all practitioners with only one Taoism, no matter if it was a sword cultivator, a Buddhist cultivator, a disciple of Confucianism, or a demon clan who was rampant in spirit shortage. .”

"It broke the sky with one finger, and became the only ascension monk in three thousand years."

Mingjian was talking about the Taoist past in the open space in front of the courtyard, and a group of young men and women sat cross-legged in front of him.

After four or five days, the new disciples of Daozong this year came to Cuizhu Peak one after another.

From time to time, exclamations and admiration came from the crowd, and Shang Yingluo, an "inhuman", also looked intoxicated, as if she was the glory of her ancestors.

Shen Yu was at the back of the crowd, looking at the immature and vigorous faces of these young men and women, feeling inexplicably touched.

It's nice to be young.

"The road to practice is bumpy, and the ninth level of Qi Refining is the first threshold of practice. Only after crossing this threshold, can one be qualified to overcome the ups and downs on the road of practice and set foot on the summit of longevity."

"In the coming time, you will all be cultivating at Cuizhufeng. When you break through the ninth level of Qi training and reach the Dao realm, you will have the qualification to leave here and go to Fenbaoya."

"If you get the recognition and inheritance of a certain spiritual treasure on Fenbao Cliff, you may be favored by the real people in the four temples and seven peaks, and you will be accepted as true disciples to learn the real way."

As soon as the words fell, the young men and women on the field were very excited, and they wished to go to practice now.

Ming Jian stood with his hands behind his back, looked at the young people in front of him, felt their surprise and longing, and couldn't help but secretly sighed.

The Fenbao Cliff of Taoism, the Sword Tomb of the Immortal Sword City, the three-story academy, and the Lingshan Temple to the west are the most difficult places to set foot in the world.

What's more, the spiritual treasures that are eligible to be stored in Fenbaoya are all innate things, and each 'eye is higher than the top'. Except for the heaven-level Taoist bodies and some talented earth-level Taoist bodies, ordinary disciples are not even qualified to set foot. No.

The chance of getting the inheritance of Lingbao is too slim, even he himself didn't get such a chance when he entered Fenbaoya for the first time.

Knowing that these things have not been said, the road ahead is bleak, and everyone needs a light to guide them so that they will not lose themselves in the long and lonely years.

"Each person takes one Qi Condensation Pill. After taking it, follow the method of breathing and breathing described in the introductory manual to refine the power of the medicine. It can take three days at most or one day at the shortest time, and you can enter the Qi refining state for the first time."

"Practice has no time. In the next three years, I hope you can take good care of it and practice hard."

Ming saw that after distributing the Qi Condensation Pill, he left slowly.

The boys and girls in front of the hospital quickly ran back to their houses as if they had found a treasure.

Shen Yu lightly squeezed this elixir that exudes a refreshing medicinal fragrance, and sighed secretly in her heart, Taoism is indeed one of the holy lands of spiritual desolation, and this rudimentary elixir for freshmen to cleanse the marrow and refine Qi is all from Taoism The hands of a high-level monk.

Putting away the elixir casually, Shen Yu returned to her yard. Just as she opened the door, Shang Yingluo sneaked in from the side, then sat on a chair, picked up a spiritual fruit and ate it.

Shen Yu glanced at the empty fruit plate and said, "Sometimes I wonder if you have anything to do with Taotie."

"I have nothing to do with those idiots."

The little girl couldn't stop eating, and her two shofar braids flickered.

Shen Yu sat on the bed and said, "I'm going to practice."

Shang Yingluo cast him a glance and said, "I'll just eat the spiritual fruit, don't worry, I won't disturb you."

Shen Yu thought for a while: "Well, it's up to you."

The first step on the road of cultivation is the most important thing for a monk, and everyone attaches great importance to it.

Which normal person would allow others to stay two feet away from him at such a moment.

It's just that Shang Yingluo doesn't care, and what's even more strange is that Shen Yu doesn't care at all, as if this is an extremely boring trivial matter.

Shen Yu put the elixir into his mouth, and suddenly remembered that doing so seemed to have caused a lot of commotion a long time ago. After thinking about it, he flicked his right hand, and a clear light scattered around the wooden house.

"What a hassle."

Shen Yu shook her head helplessly and closed her eyes slightly.


Seeing that he didn't go far, he stood on the branch of a giant tree with his hands behind his back, looking at the courtyards.

Ordinary people start to practice, from the first breath to the first level of the Qi refining stage, this stage is called Sensing Qi, the monk will establish a connection with the heaven and the earth, and form a spiritual sea in the body to accommodate the heaven and earth aura.

The amount of spiritual energy that can be accommodated is an important basis for judging the cultivation potential of these people.

Mingjian is the guide of this group of beginner disciples, it is necessary to understand the cultivation potential of these disciples, and then report to the big figures of Daozong.

Soon, a ray of light rose above the courtyard in the distance and rushed straight to the sky.

Immediately afterwards, countless thin lines followed, and each ray of light represented a wooden house and a disciple.

In less than a while, countless auras filled the courtyards on the mountainside, and the fairy aura was ethereal.

"The disciples of this generation are really good. They can be regarded as the strongest generation in recent years except for that female sword fairy."

Ming Jian looked at the scene in front of him, nodded with satisfaction, and said, "I can also..."

boom.

A beam of light as thick as a mountain rose into the sky for no reason, interrupting his words.

That beam of light shot straight into the sky, turbulent and fearless, like a magic weapon piercing the dark sky.

On the mountain peak, the aura surrounding the mountainside was directly dispersed by the beam of light, dissipating in an instant.

Mingjian stared at the vision in front of him in astonishment.

at the same time.

In the depths of the Taoist sect, there are countless powerful pressures gathered on the top of Cuizhu Peak from all around, staring nonstop.

Mingjian felt a few familiar breaths in the coercion above the peak, instantly recognized the identity of the person coming, and his face was even more horrified.

The beam of light is still bright, without any weakening.

Seeing silently reciting the Jue of Meditation, just now suppressed the turmoil in his heart, and looked at the source of the beam of light, his pupils widened in an instant.

That is.....

Shen Yu's house?


		