

Looking at the mountain surrounded by clouds and mist, perhaps due to the continuous rain these days, the temperature in the mountain is a little damp and cold, and the atmosphere between the two carriages is also a little more dignified.

Wang Shanju had also stopped in his tracks, Shen Yu opened his eyes slightly, and carefully looked at the mountain in front of him.

Most of Zhongzhou is an endless plain, and the further to the east, there are more and more mountains. At this time, the mountains near Dongzuzhou are even more majestic and majestic, thick and steep.

In the middle, there is a huge crack about thirty or forty feet wide. Looking from a distance, it seems to be split in half by a sharp sword, thus forming a canyon that can pass through people.

The maid Caiwei walked out of the carriage, then frowned and looked into the distance, seemingly hesitant.

"It's not long since the beginning of spring, so the monster in Yixiantian must have not yet and is still sleeping."

A trace of worry flashed in Kou Wang's eyes, and he said: "The monster is extremely ferocious, if we can pass here as soon as possible, we should not encounter anything."

Compared with the other four prefectures, Zhongzhou has the largest area and the most living creatures. Therefore, there are some ghosts and ghosts rampant in many places, and countless gossips and gossips have been derived.

This line of sky is a well-known sneaky place.

It is rumored that there are countless ghosts and goblins living in this mountain, and there is even a big monster that has been entrenched for many years in a deeper place.

No one in the mortal world knows the heels of this big monster, only know that this monster is naturally lethargic, snoring like thunder when sleeping, and also very fond of gold, jade and jewelry, fortunately, he doesn't like cannibalism very much.

Generally, merchants who pass by here, if they are lucky enough to hand in all their gold, silver and jewelry, they can pass through safely. If they are unlucky, they may be beaten and thrown out of the canyon. So far, there have been no rumors of this monster killing people. .

Therefore, Kou Wang chose to cross this line of sky. If he deliberately bypassed this mountain, the delay would be too long.

"It doesn't matter, the great king in the mountain has a gentle temper, but some little monsters are a bit awkward, but they are not harmful, they just like to play tricks on passers-by."

Jiang Jianghu said carelessly: "I have walked this road several times, if I am careful, nothing will happen, just go at ease."

Perhaps because of his calm voice, even Kou Zhun relaxed a little.

Compared with practitioners, martial artists who refine their bodies in the world have the energy of primordial yang above their physical bodies, which Taoists call Xiantian monarch fire.

Ordinary people may not feel the same thing, but ordinary spirits and ghosts are most afraid of such illusory but real things.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and after listening to everyone's conversation, he was ready to drive forward.

"Wait."

Thinking of the light and indifferent voice, the maid Caiwei said: "Please guard Jiang to lead the way in the carriage in front, and let Shen Yu come to the carriage in the back."

As soon as this remark came out, Jiang Jianghu's eyes flashed with a strange look, but the city mansion cultivated by walking in the rivers and lakes all the year round did not let him reveal his inner emotions, so he nodded with a smile.

Shen Yu shook her head slightly and said, "No need."

"Someone asked your opinion."

Caiwei frowned and said: "You are an ordinary person, what can you do in front? If you accidentally lose your life, I... Miss's money will not be wasted."

Shen Yu's face was calm, but she didn't expect this girl to have a knife mouth and a tofu heart, cold on the outside and hot on the inside.

The two exchanged positions, and Jiang Jianghu took the lead in driving the carriage towards Yixiantian.

Afterwards, everyone walked slowly through the narrow passage, and the surrounding fog suddenly became much larger, swallowing up the two carriages in an instant.

As the white fog became thicker, everyone could only see the scenery within a radius of two or three feet, besides the sound of the wheels colliding with the ground, and the sound of everyone's gradually thickening breathing.

There was silence.

"It's not right."

Even the well-informed Kou Wang sensed the strangeness around him, and said with a serious expression: "We seem to be being targeted by something, and the evil spirit here is too strong."

Jiang Jianghu's face was pale, and a few drops of cold sweat even flowed from his forehead.

Although the innate monarch fire in Wu Fu's body was born able to restrain some sneaks, the premise was that the Wu Fu's strength was stronger than the sneaks. If it fell into a river like a torch, the fire would naturally be extinguished by the stream in the end.

The maid Caiwei came out to watch from time to time, but at the end she was lightly reprimanded by Kou Wang, so she hid in the carriage and never came out again.

Shen Yu looked as usual, but raised her head slightly, quietly looking at a certain point in the distance, as if she found something.

Ghost cry came.

A stream of black air slowly floated from the distant sky accompanied by countless screams and groans.

Afterwards, the black rock fell in front of the carriage, twisted and rolled gradually, and finally turned into a human form.

It was a woman with a bumpy figure, dressed in red clothes, her face was as pale as paper, but her lips were as red as blood.

Following her arrival, countless clusters of will-o'-the-wisps appeared around the carriage, causing gusts of wind, even weird and frightening.

The female ghost in red stared directly at the crowd with empty eyes, and said faintly, "Where are you going?"

Kou Zhun stepped forward and said respectfully: "The young lady in my family has been favored by the immortal teacher of Xuantian Xianzong in Dongzu Prefecture. Now that she has reached her age, she is going to Xuantian Xianzong to pay her respects. She is passing through your land. Please help me. "

When Jiang Jianghu heard this, his pupils narrowed slightly, and his face showed surprise.

The Xuantian Immortal Sect is naturally far from the Nine Great Sacred Lands, but it is considered one of the best famous sects in Dongzu Prefecture, and it is also somewhat famous in the entire Linghuang Continent.

Unexpectedly, the little girl in front of her who was pretending to be a maid had such a talent that she could be favored by the Xuantian Immortal Sect.

Kou Wang deliberately said these words in the hope that he could use the power of Xuantian Xianzong to frighten this ghost, but unfortunately, the female ghost didn't care, she was as plain as ever from the beginning to the end, and the mocking smile on the corner of her mouth became more and more intense up.

She let out a casual oh.

Looking at the playful expression on the female ghost's face, Kou Wang's old face like dead wood gradually cooled down.

"How can we let us go."

The old man said: "But I want money..."

The female ghost in red interrupted his words with a wave of her sleeve, and then a cold voice seemed to ring in everyone's ears.

"The two girls in the carriage have very good skins. If they are peeled off, they will have two excellent skins."

Kou Wang snorted coldly and said, "Aren't you afraid of breaking the king's rules by doing this?"

"rule?"

The female ghost looked up to the sky and laughed loudly, before she said calmly: "The lord has not woken up yet, so what the little girl says now is the rule."

"court death."

A cold light shot out from the old man's sleeve, and hit the female ghost in an instant.

The old man shot out angrily, and the flying knife-shaped magic weapon that contained all his spiritual power rushed like thunder.

The flying knife is tempered with a kind of extremely precious Chiyang refined iron in Zhongzhou, and it is as strong as it is yang.

The next moment, the sound of a hard object tearing apart the flesh was heard, and the head of the female ghost in red was separated from the body in an instant, and blood gushed out from the broken neck, and then the pale head fell to the ground and rolled several times. lock up.

Before Kou Wangsong could take a breath, there were countless cold and ghostly auras coming from all directions.

It turned out that the will-o'-the-wisps surrounding the carriage began to spin at a high speed, staggering up and down like a ghostly ghost dragon roaring.

The head that rolled to the ground also began to levitate at this time, and the dusty face was indescribably ferocious and evil.

The woman's sinister laughter sounded, "That's right, a few more knives, and you will come back with me when your spiritual power is exhausted. I'm looking for a way to dig out your internal organs and make them into ghost servants."

Boom!

A fist hit the floating head, and then, like a watermelon bursting, countless disgusting pus and blood stained Jiang Jianghu's body.

"Not bad, some strength."

The female ghost's voice appeared on the headless body again, full of ridicule.

On the carriage, the maid Caiwei who secretly opened the curtain and saw this scene was terrified, and just about to exclaim subconsciously, her mouth was covered by a pair of warm hands.

Feeling a warm touch, Caiwei's eyes widened immediately, her face flushed, she leaned back slightly, and glared at the young man who was so flirtatious with her.

It's just that Shen Yu completely ignored her gaze, glanced at the wetness in his hand, frowned slightly, seemed to have some disgust, and even wiped her trousers.

The stunned Caiwei's mind went blank at this moment.

"Brother Jiang, protect the lady in the carriage."

Kou Wang turned his head and shouted, then galloped towards the female ghost, and in a blink of an eye one person and one ghost were fighting together.

It was originally an extremely critical moment, but Shen Yu suddenly jumped out of the carriage and walked slowly towards the depths of the mist on the left.

Seeing this, the maid Caiwei hurriedly asked, "Where are you going?"

Shen Yu waved his hand and said casually: "Hide, I will come back when you finish fighting."


Shen Yu walked in the mist, like walking on flat ground, and the direction he was walking was the place he had looked at from afar.

Shen Yu felt the aura of the big monster deep in the mountain, which was a little familiar, and there was also the faint aura of Lingbao constantly emitting, so he wanted to take a look.

Going down the mountain this time is to travel around the world, so he is very casual.

Soon, the sounds of fighting and ghost cries in the distance gradually disappeared until they could not be heard at all.

Then there was a dead silence all around.

A gentle woman appeared in front of the mist, and he walked towards Shen Yu with a sweet smile, full of affection.

Shen Yu looked at her quietly.

"Young master, my servant..."

She slapped Rou Yi gently on the forehead, then pulled it down suddenly, and said solemnly: "Does it look good?"

A bloody face suddenly appeared in front of Shen Yu's eyes!

If it was an ordinary person, he would have fainted from the horror of the scene.

It's a pity that Shen Yu is not.

Therefore, the only response to the woman was the sound of footsteps gradually going away.

The woman stood there dumbfounded, with no expression on her fleshy face without facial features, but it must have been complicated.

Shen Yu still walked forward.

Many spirits and ghosts in this mountain have no intention of harming others, but are mischievous by nature and like to frighten ordinary people.

After walking through the fog, falling rocks, mountain torrents, snakes and insects... and then passing through many inoculated illusions, Shen Yu finally stopped.

Although the eyes are still covered with dense fog, Shen Yu knows that place is not far away.

It seems that under the orders of some people, the number of resentful spirits around suddenly increased, and all of them died in front of Shen Yu.

There are so many strange creatures, it seems that all the spirits and ghosts in this majestic mountain have gathered here.

The originally cold air was now even more icy, and some frost could be vaguely seen.

Faced with so many terrifying ghosts, even the practitioners of the Immortal Ascension Boundary could only run away, but Shen Yu seemed to turn a blind eye and took a light step forward.

Then he said calmly, "Get out."


		