

Shen Yu didn't like trouble very much, so he suddenly thought that driving for others was much easier than being a guard, but the people around him didn't think so, and they laughed loudly.

Everyone's smiles were full of good intentions. In their view, this was just a young man who had no skills and wanted to make some money.

Hearing this, the old man's expression was also full of helplessness, but seeing the serious eyes of the other party, he patiently explained: "This journey is very long and not safe, if you don't have enough strength, your life may be in danger. "

The old man's voice was clear and clear, and he was speaking more to the surrounding people. Sure enough, as soon as he finished speaking, several men who looked eager to try took a few steps back secretly.

Shen Yu glanced around, plus the old man and the rough ore man, and there were two women in the carriage compartment that exuded a faint fragrance.

What surprised him was that one of the women was also a practitioner, but her realm was not too high, she had just reached the eighth level of Qi Refining Realm.

The lower the realm, the less trouble you can cause.

Shen Yu was very satisfied, and said lightly: "I don't care."

"Nonsense."

The old man frowned, a little angry that he didn't know it, and wanted to dissuade him, but was suddenly interrupted.

"Can."

The curtain was lifted, and a tall woman appeared.

Dressed in a green shirt, she has a graceful figure, and the most attractive thing is her long, slender and tight legs.

It's just that the only thing that makes people regret is that the appearance is a bit mediocre, and it must be slightly incongruous with her outstanding body.

"Miss said that it's all the way, you can't wrong Kou Lao to drive every day, just let this person come."

The woman seemed to be from a wealthy family, and her tone had an indifference that no one could refuse. She looked at Shen Yu and said, "Let's talk in advance. If we encounter troubles that cannot be solved, no one will care about you. When the time comes, you Just ask for blessings."

"it is good."

The old man was still hesitating, but he didn't expect that the young man walked directly to the empty carriage.

Seeing this scene, the old man didn't come back to his senses. After a while, his expression changed, and he exclaimed, "Slow down."

Then the maid seemed to have thought of something, and subconsciously reached out to stop it.

The man sitting in the lead of the other carriage showed a hint of sarcasm, with his hands folded on his chest, as if waiting for this good show.

The mounts under him and on the two ends of his body are not ordinary mortal horses, but a kind of spiritual beast from the bitter cold of the Western Regions, called Wang Shanju.

This horse has astonishing endurance and infinite strength, and its temperament is even more aloof and withdrawn. It is a spirit beast raised by some cultivation sects to carry some trees and boulders.

If a mortal without cultivation practice approached without authorization, he would be kicked to death by this kind of spirit beast.

However, he is just a temporary guard who just joined for Juli Dan, and he doesn't have the kindness to save a stunned young man who doesn't know the severity.

There was a playful smile on the corner of the rough man's mouth, and he was about to watch a good blood-splattered show, but the next moment his eyes widened.

I saw that the Wangshan horse, which was tall and much larger than ordinary horses, saw Shen Yu walking in front of him, and it didn't violently hurt people as everyone imagined. It lowered its head very meekly and touched Shen Yu. Then he bent his front hooves, and humped him onto the frame respectfully.

Looking at this unexpected scene, the common people onlookers only felt that the horse was gentle and spiritual, but it was hard for those who knew the horse's true temperament to believe it.

The old man has raised Wang Shan foals for decades, knowing that they are violent and withdrawn by nature, even he has never been so docile and respectful to himself.

The rough man stared at the handsome figure in front of him as if seeing a fairy.

"lets go."

Shen Yu leaned casually outside the carriage, prepared for the silence of the crowd, and said, "It looks like it's going to rain."

The old man and the maid looked at each other, saw the doubt and horror in each other's eyes, and exchanged a look after a while, as if they had reached some tacit understanding.

Two exquisite carriages set off from the market one after the other, passed through the city gate, and gradually disappeared into the wilderness.

On the city wall, a man in black wearing a bamboo hat finally raised his head, fixedly staring at the handsome figure in the distance, his eyes were full of resentment and viciousness.


All the way through the mountains and ridges, although Wang Shanju is a spirit beast, the rugged and steep mountain road will always make people feel tired. The three practitioners can bear it, but the two women in the carriage are a bit too much, so The trip didn't go very fast.

After these few days of contact, although Shen Yu seldom spoke, she also knew something about the team.

The old man with white beard and hair was called Kou Wang, and in Shen Yu's eyes, he was rotten and old, and his cultivation aptitude was even worse, but he was a well-known fairy hermit among the common people.

And that rough miner is called Jiang Jianghu, who was also a martial artist temporarily recruited in Liyang City, and he has just stepped into the fifth floor of the First Sense Realm.

The purpose of their trip this time was to escort a well-known eldest daughter of the Dali Dynasty to study in a certain place in Dongzu Prefecture, but they did not specify where.

Along the way, Shen Yu occasionally saw her face. According to the worldly eyes, she was beautiful, but she was cold-tempered, rarely talked to people, and hid in the carriage when she had nothing to do, but that delicate maid would still call her from time to time. Get out of the car to wait and see, it seems that the name is Caiwei.

At noon on this day, the early summer sun was a little hot.

The two carriages moved slowly towards the east one after the other, and several ruts continued to extend on the winding road.

It was almost half a month, and Kou Wang and Jiang Jianghu were sitting at the two ends of the rear carriage, guarding the lady's carriage tightly, while Shen Yu was leading the way on the front carriage.

This kind of behavior seems to be asking him to explore the way.

If encountering an intruding interception, Shen Yu must be the first to suffer, and the two behind will definitely not think of saving him.

Shen Yu didn't care about this, and was very satisfied with the arrangement of this journey. He often leaned outside the carriage and dozed off, never thinking about his identity as a driver.

Even on such a bumpy and rugged road, the boy's figure unexpectedly moved up and down with the carriage regularly, swaying from side to side, with an indescribable naturalness.

I don't know how long it took, a cry sounded, and the two Wangshan horses stopped.

Shen Yu slowly opened his eyes, and found that the sky was already covered with sunset glow, layered on top of each other like fish scales, and the surrounding area was a rare valley among the mountains in the east. It's time to rest.

The man Jiang Jianghu jumped out of the carriage, and then quickly took out two tents from the package and set them up.

Shen Yu got up and stretched, and then jumped out of the carriage, but she didn't help with setting up the camp at all, but lay down on the grass beside the creek, and continued to sleep with her eyes closed.

Seeing this scene, the maid Caiwei who opened the curtain in the distance frowned slightly with her slender eyebrows, and then looked at the old man next to her.

Kou Wang shook his head, and said helplessly: "I still can't see the reality of this person. There is no spiritual power fluctuation in him. He is either a mortal or..."

The old man didn't continue talking, but the servant girl already knew what he wanted to say.

Either a mortal, or a strong man whose cultivation level is much higher than that of the old man.

Thinking of this, the servant girl Caiwei showed a look of fantasy on her face.

Because this matter was absurd in the first place, if it was really a great practitioner, and a young disciple with extraordinary talent, how could he lower his body and become a driver for them.

"I must have thought too much."

The old man smiled and said casually: "There are countless strange people and strange things in the world, maybe he was just born to be able to get close to that spirit beast."

The maid shook her head and said, "That's not what I care about."


Shen Yu felt a figure covering Yu Xia in the setting sun.

So when he opened his eyes, he saw the face that usually showed arrogance and indifference.

"I don't think you should be so lazy."

The maid Caiwei looked arrogant and said condescendingly, "Taking people's money is not for sleeping."

Shen Yu closed her eyes again, and said lightly, "I'm just a coachman."

"The coachman can sleep every day?"

Caiwei's tone was a little sarcasm, but also a little annoyed.

These days, she naturally observed Shen Yu secretly for a long time, so she knew how lazy he was.

Shen Yu said: "I have no problem leading the road, and the handlebars are also very stable. Naturally, I can be regarded as very competent."

Caiwei wanted to refute, but suddenly found that what the other party said was not wrong, she was at a loss for words, and finally had to turn around and leave angrily.

Before leaving, she still threw a bag at him. Shen Yu opened it and found some scattered silver taels. Only then did she know that the little girl was here to give a reward.

Shen Yu looked at the little girl who was gradually going away. She had a slender and exquisite figure, which really didn't match her ordinary face.

If that girl could put away the cold and arrogant expression between her brows, and refine the plain and rough mask on her face, she might be able to deceive more people.

Thinking of this, he suddenly felt a little distressed for the "Miss" who hid in the carriage all day long. He made so many appearances, but it turned out to be useless.

This little trick of Li Daitao's stiffness is estimated to have been seen through by Jiang Jianghu, a rough ore warrior these days, let alone other people.

In the past, Shen Yu stood too high. Even in her last life, she was at the pinnacle of the WTO, so she always saw the high scenery, and never cared about the turbulence in the low place of the world.

In this life, when he was about to descend the mountain, Su Mo specially confessed some words before he left. Only by experiencing in the mortal world and washing away thousands of prosperity can he transcend the world.

From this point of view, although it is not as latitude and longitude as the sky, it has a different flavor.

With her palm up, Shen Yu gently tossed the bag of silver.

Of course, the responsibilities of the coachman and the guard are different, at least Shen Yu thinks so.

The most straightforward thing is that the driver does not have to be responsible for their safety, which saves a lot of trouble for Shen Yu.

But when he picked up the bag of silver, things seemed to be a little different.


Although the Dali Dynasty is now in its prime, the world is still not peaceful, and there are many mountains in the east, so there are naturally countless bandits.

On the way from Liyang City, he passed many mountains and met many inconspicuous bandits.

It's just that these mobs are not worth mentioning to Jiang Jianghu and Kou Wang. After the few desperate ones were beaten to pieces by the martial artist, the rest of them scattered like wild animals and ran for their lives.

So the journey was smooth.

After traveling for more than a month, everyone approached the border of Dongzu Prefecture.

In front of them, there was a towering and majestic mountain lying in front of them.


		