

Jing Qing stood beside Shen Yu quietly, her cold figure was somewhat indescribably elegant.

She was a little puzzled and said, "Then what are you doing?"

"Her character is still not suitable for cultivation. The distinction between good and evil in the world does not work among practitioners."

Shen Yu said: "Many people died on this Canglan River. The ferryman Zhao Da did nothing to protect his son. He just used this reason to kill many innocent people in the past. This is a mistake."

"In the middle, he did evil for the good in his heart. Whether it is good or evil, in my opinion, it has nothing to do with good and evil, only right and wrong. This is the case with the rules and principles of the world."

Shen Yu glanced at the corpse lying on the ground, and said: "That's why I have only lived in his house for a few days, and I deliberately let her get acquainted with this family, so that she can understand this truth better when I do it, but I didn't In the end, things didn’t turn out the way I thought they would.”

Jing Qing said, "You can have a good talk with her."

Shen Yu shook her head and said: "This kind of reasoning is only useful if you understand it yourself."

The cold Qi Ling said with a smile: "But it seems that she misunderstood you."

Shen Yu didn't speak, because he didn't care about such things at all.

Jing Qing smiled slightly, since she became Shen Yu's natal weapon spirit, she became more and more interested in this master.

In the dantian, he communicated with Shen Yu, and he could feel the ups and downs of his usual emotions.

But what surprised her was that Shen Yu's state of mind was calm from the beginning to the end, no matter whether it was a life-and-death fight, or a breakthrough in practice, there was no wave in the slightest.

Although she doesn't know the cultivation methods of the human race, she also understands the importance of xinxing for cultivation. It is indeed a remarkable thing to be able to do this.

"You should still have something to do." Jing Qing said suddenly.

"Yes."

Shen Yu said lightly: "The monster race has a special physique. I remember wanting to kill them completely. The heart is not the fatal part, but its demon core."

As soon as the words fell, the corpse of the monster on the ground in the distance suddenly exploded.

It's a pity that in an instant, he was nailed to the ground by a sword again without any suspense.

Bloody wooden sword.

Shen Yu clenched her right hand in the air, and the monster in the distance who couldn't pretend to be dead let out a tragic howl. It seemed that the pain was a hundred times stronger than Lu Caiwei's previous sword piercing through the heart.

As a golden bead spit out from its mouth, and then flew to Shen Yu's palm, the robbed corpse finally lost all life this time.


In the afternoon of that day, the two flew directly back to Yunya City.

Lu Caiwei didn't say a word to Shen Yu along the way, her expression was indifferent.

As soon as she returned to the City Lord's Mansion, Lu Caiwei returned to her room, and the door was closed tightly.

Li Fugui was having a great time at first, but suddenly, as if he hadn't seen him for many years, he rushed over with snot and tears, as if he wanted to hug Shen Yu.

Shen Yu glanced at him indifferently, Li Fugui let out a miserable cry, and then flew out heavily.

Li Fugui got up a few times, and served tea and water again, with flattering words.

This scene caused all the servants in the City Lord's Mansion who had seen Li Fugui's attack to look at each other in blank dismay.

Bailixi came striding out from the door with a radiant look.

He had already heard about the small village by the Canglan River from the guards before, and he also knew the whole story.

Shen Yu said: "How?"

Bailixi smiled and said: "I have already sent someone to ask, the place where Guiyun Xianzong accepts disciples is located in Cangmang Town, not far from here, and the time will be half a month later."

Shen Yu nodded.

Bailixi bowed and saluted, and said: "Since you are a Daoist practitioner, I don't follow the common rules, so I dare to say thank you to you."

Shen Yu said lightly: "I want a quota here for you."

Bailixi nodded and said: "That's natural. If the fairy master has friends who want to enter Guiyun Xianzong from here, since the young master has been seriously injured, I will try my best to fight for the quota of the Jiang family. , don’t let the immortal master down.”

Shen Yu glanced at him.

Baili Xi looked expectant.

Shen Yu pondered for a while, and said after a while, "Yes."

Bailixi has been the city lord for decades, and he has long been good at observing words and expressions. Knowing that Shen Yu doesn't like to talk too much, he left in a hurry after getting a satisfactory answer.

Li Fugui found a gap, and ran over with a cup of tea, and said flatteringly: "Sir, are you thirsty? Come, come, I heard them say that this is the best Yunwu tea in Yunya City, sir, slow down." Drink it, it's a little hot."

Shen Yu took a sip casually and said, "You are a snake demon, not a dog demon."

Li Fugui smiled, scratched his head, and said sincerely: "Sir, what are you talking about? I just think you must be exhausted after working for so long. Next time, let me do this job of catching monsters." , I am young and not afraid of being tired."

Shen Yu said lightly: "The demon pill can be given to you."

Li Fugui suddenly hesitated and said, "Yaodan? I don't understand."

Shen Yu said: "Forget it."

"do not!"

Li Fugui immediately hugged Shen Yu's thigh, and said with a resentful expression: "Sir, I feel that this... this thing is of great use to me."

He could smell the breath of the demon pill in Shen Yu's arms from a long distance. Any spiritual thing condensed with aura is a rare thing for the monster clan, especially the monster clan that can transform.

More importantly, he felt a familiar atmosphere from this demon pill. Just by getting close to the demon pill, he felt that his realm and demon power were slowly improving. If he ate it, he might be able to break through the realm.

With a wave of Shen Yu's sleeve, a round golden demon pill appeared in Li Fugui's hands.

Li Fugui stared blankly at the egg-sized demon pill in his hand, feeling a little too happy, and a little too sudden. After a while, he cried and said, "Sir, you are so kind to me."

Shen Yu said calmly, "Go away."

"OK."

The next moment, Li Fugui swallowed the demon pill in one gulp, and ran out happily.

There is no trace of gratitude from before.

Looking at this scene, Shen Yu felt a little funny and helpless.

In the next few days, Shen Yu stayed in a courtyard of the City Lord's Mansion, waiting for news from Bailixi.

Lu Caiwei walked out of the room occasionally and turned a blind eye when she saw Shen Yu as if she didn't see it.

Passing by again, Lu Caiwei walked behind Shen Yu, pretending to say: "It's a big yard, there's not even a living person, it's really deserted."

Shen Yu didn't expect that this little girl's temperament was still very long, and just as she was about to speak, she heard the sound of the door closing heavily behind her.

In late summer and autumn, the ground is covered with yellowing leaves.

The huge courtyard actually had a hint of withering.

Shen Yu looked at the ginkgo tree in the courtyard, which was estimated to have grown for hundreds of years, and many memories flashed in his eyes. He was silent for a long time, and finally said: "It's really cool and autumn!"

Immediately afterwards, a woman's disdainful voice came from the window.

"It's so sour!"


Three days later, Bailixi came to the courtyard again, with complex expressions of indignation, helplessness, and anger.

Shen Yu didn't say anything, just patted him on the shoulder, and then walked out of the courtyard slowly alone.


		