

Qing Law Hall, Zhang Ming Pavilion.

On the stone steps outside the hall stood twelve Lanshan guards with indifferent expressions.

Even though there was a palace lantern shining every ten steps, the entire Zhangming Pavilion was still dark and cold.

After Xun Ju walked in, he looked around, waved his sleeves without any emotion, and came to the hall.

Master Daochen followed closely three feet behind Xun Ju, no more and no less, his thin body completely concealing the tall figure in front of him.

Daochen looked at the dying Fang Hen, with a flash of resentment in his eyes, and said bitterly: "That kid is so ignorant of the severity of his shots, he didn't pay attention to our Qinglu Palace at all."

Xun Ju stood with his hands behind his back and didn't speak.

Daochen was still full of resentment, and continued: "It is true that he is the disciple in charge, but he can't act recklessly like this. Fang Hen is also a genius that we have cultivated with all our heart in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty. If he falls because of this, the future of the Palace of the Qing Dynasty will be ruined." Isn't it just missing a strong man in the upper three realms? This is too much."

The four halls of Taoism can be passed on for thousands of years because they have a complete inheritance system. The three generations of disciples, old, middle and young, are all outstanding, which can ensure that there are top experts in each era.

And Shen Yu's behavior in the fourth hall almost cut off the inheritance representing the younger generation of Qinglu Hall, which made Daochen Daoist how to swallow this breath.

"Two Immortal Ascension Boundaries, and one Cave Realm Boundary."

A silent Xun Ju suddenly sighed with emotion, and then said in a self-deprecating tone: "The two future upper three realm powerhouses you mentioned couldn't even hold a single move in front of that kid, so he just What state, entering the Dao state, tell me, what will be his future state."

Daofan Daoist said: "Relying on the power of the Lingbao, that kid used some tricks, how can this be said..."

"You're getting more and more confused with age."

Xun Ju interrupted him with a wave of his hand, and said in a deep voice: "All these years, you only have eyes on the mountain of the Qinglu Temple. The journey of the road is the end point. Who cares how you got there."

Dao Fan opened his mouth, then lowered his head with a pale face, not daring to speak.

"Let's leave it at that, there's no need to talk so much, it's not good to disturb the head."

Thinking of this, Xun Ju continued: "Although the head of the sect has been in seclusion these years, some people even rumored that his temper has improved a lot, but in fact it is not the case. Shen Yu is someone he values ​​very much. It is nothing to offend him. Good result."

"Yes."

The two were silent for a while, and the temperature in the hall seemed to be gradually getting colder.

Xun Ju sat on the black stone chair in the hall, suddenly frowned and asked: "Junior brother, how did Yang Kaitai who sat on the Wangfeng Peak die, have you found the murderer?"

Dao Fan hesitated for a moment, and said: "We haven't found out who killed it, but it is very likely that he came from Qianchuan, and he must have joined the Dao Sect with his identity hidden."

"Hmph, it's Qian Chuan again."

Xun Ju snorted coldly, a trace of helplessness and disgust appeared on his solemn face.

Daozong sits in the southwest of Linghuang. As one of the nine holy places, the most important thing is to prevent the demon clan from the Nanman demon domain from going north.

And the land of Qianchuan is an extremely mysterious organization that has been assassinating the young disciples of the Nine Great Sacred Lands and Linghuang sects for countless years. They are fierce and decisive, and they often hit with one blow. Daozong has also been assassinated by them over the years Many talented disciples.

It's just that for a hundred years, Xun Ju has never known where this place is in Linghuang, or where they are located in other places, but he has found some clues that they may come from the territory of Nanman Yaoyu.

"These rats deserve only to live underground forever."

Xun Ju said sharply: "If the headmaster had followed my advice, and the four halls had come out together, and then summoned the powerhouses from other holy places, the Nanman Demon Territory would have been wiped out long ago. How could there be so many troubles today."

Xun Ju, who was majestic and calm on weekdays, exuded an extremely dangerous aura inexplicably, and the aura of the whole hall seemed to be ignited and violent.

The temperature in the main hall dropped sharply, and the strong wind blew the blue cloth rattling. Daochen lowered his head and dared not speak, and his back was covered with cold sweat.

Xun Ju, as one of the masters of the four halls of the Taoist sect, is well-known as a strong man in Linghuang, and he has all kinds of hatred with the Nanman Yaoyu.

The reason is that year.

No one dared to speak out about this matter openly, because it was the eternal pain in the heart of the fourth palace master.

Even if it is the leader.


The Yuan Temple and Feilai Peak really became interesting.

Another exquisite courtyard was built besides the bamboo forest. In addition to the yellow dog, there was another snow-white raccoon in the spirit grass garden.

Apart from being unnatural at first, Yang Liu soon became graceful and cheerful again.

Perhaps Su Mo was born to be a person who makes people look warm and likable at a glance.

Every time Yang Liu sees him, even when he is doing some simple things, such as watering the flowers, chatting, or making tea, it makes her feel inexplicably warm.

As for Shen Yu, she sleeps on a bamboo chair every day, or goes to the top of the peak to look at the sea of ​​clouds, which is the case in spring and autumn.

It's just that sometimes Yang Liu finds that he is not in a daze, but looking at the sea of ​​clouds or the sky very seriously and intently.

This made her a little difficult to understand, so she had to classify Senior Brother Shen Yu as a strange person in her heart.

Since the last time I came to Feilai Peak, Shang Yingluo has come here almost every few days. Now when I open my eyes every day, I can see the little girl wandering around with wide eyes, and I can hear She shouted joyfully.

Yu Wenwen, like Shang Yingluo, often went to Feilai Peak, and the two began to get acquainted with each other gradually.

I knew very early on that this woman with a cold face and an alluring face doesn't like to practice Taoism and likes to practice swords, but after getting acquainted with her, I realized that this woman's talent in swordsmanship is really outstanding.

In the afternoon, the two talked about something about sword repair.

"Ever since the sword fairy founded the Sword Cultivator Thousands of years ago, almost all sword cultivators practice the art of controlling the sword. The reason is that the art of controlling the sword is amazingly lethal, and has huge advantages in speed and distance. Therefore, no one has practiced the ancient art of holding a sword anymore."

"Keeping the sword in the heart, holding the sword in action, there is no one way is the strongest, only the most suitable."

"There's always a difference between high and low."

"No, it's mainly about people."

"Like, you?"

"Does this need to be asked? If I use the skill of controlling the sword, I am strong at controlling the sword, and if I use the technique of holding the sword, I am strong at holding the sword."

Yu Wenwen was dumbfounded, but what Shen Yu said always seemed to be so reasonable, making it impossible to refute, and every time he talked about the sword, he was so sure that any question would have his answer.

Yu Wenwen was silent for a while, and said with some regret: "It is said that when the sword fairy founded the Sword Fairy City, he cut off the Tianhe River with a sword, triggered a vision of heaven and earth, and comprehended a sword formula that can open the gate of heaven with a sword. It's a pity, Sword Immortal City has only inherited the upper half."

Shen Yu was silent for a long time, and said, "Do you want to learn?"

Yu Wenwen looked at the little girl who was playing with Qingluanniao in the distance, smiled and said: "There is no one in the world who wants to learn swordsmanship."

Shen Yu looked at her side face, there were a few strands of blue hair on her beautiful face, under the slender eyelashes there was a pair of watery eyes, when she smiled, the eyebrows and eyes were curved, so beautiful.

Shen Yuan watched quietly.

Yu Wenwen asked, "What are you looking at?"

"Look at you."

Shen Yu said seriously: "You look good."

Yu Wenwen looked calm, and said: "Many people have the same meaning as you, but they have never been as direct as you."

Shen Yu said: "Because they think too much, or because they are afraid that you will not have a good impression of them, it can also be said that they are lustful but not courageous."

Yu Wenwen blinked her eyes and asked, "So, are you both lustful and courageous?"

Yang Liu, who was passing by with a wooden bucket, was stunned when he heard the conversation between the two. The relationship between the two must have developed too fast.


It's autumn again, and the weather is getting cooler.

Su Mo seldom stepped out of the house. He didn't have a cultivation base, so he couldn't rely on spiritual power to resist the cold like Shen Yu and the others.

Yu Wenwen brought an ancient scroll from Duzhendian this day.

Shen Yu took it without hesitation, and then flipped through it.

Yu Wenwen didn't say anything while watching this scene, because she knew that this guy was extremely arrogant, so she wouldn't steal a lesson.

After Shen Yu flipped through it, he casually threw it back to her.

"It sucks."

Yu Wenwen took it subconsciously and said, "What?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "This way of controlling the sword is simply outrageously bad. I don't know why Duzhendian still keeps it in its collection."

Daozong comes from Taoism, so naturally there are not many people who are willing to practice swords, and this book on the art of controlling the sword is indeed the most powerful one in Duzhendian and even Daozong.

Yu Wenwen bit her lip tightly, waiting for this guy's next post.

Sure enough, Shen Yu casually took out a scroll from behind, the ink was not dry yet.

"Look at it when you're free."

"When the female Sword Immortal cut Tianhe with her sword, what remained was the complete book, but later half was captured by a foreign race, and the other half remained in Sword Immortal City."

"But what the world doesn't know is that there is another person who knows this sword technique."

The breeze blows, and the bamboo forest is silent.

Yu Wenwen was so shocked by this news that she asked blankly, "Who is that person?"

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said: "A person like you, who likes to practice swords but doesn't like to practice Taoism."


Yu Wenwen's mind was calm, and she regained her composure in a short time, then looked at Shen Yu with a complicated expression.

Shen Yu didn't care about her gaze, and continued: "Cultivating swords is the same as cultivating Taoism. The most important thing is to understand. With your talent, you can understand the profound meaning of this sword art without the guidance of your teacher."

"Why do you know these things?"

Yu Wenwen asked puzzledly.

How could a cultivator who entered the Dao Realm know these secrets involving the nine holy places, and such a sword manual that shocked the whole world was written so easily.

You must know that the more advanced the cultivation technique, the higher the realm and comprehension are needed to understand it, otherwise it will only be like a book without words.

Shen Yu didn't answer.

Three thousand years have passed, but this sword technique was created by him when he was bored in the Great Snow Mountain in the north, and then he gave it to the woman who was fighting against a foreign race.

If Yu Wenwen hadn't talked about that person a few days ago, she probably wouldn't be able to remember that sword technique. I often forget these things after I write them down.

Yu Wenwen looked at Shen Yu and said seriously: "I won't tell what happened today."

Shen Yu said calmly: "It doesn't matter, I just want to see a female sword fairy who can break the Tianhe with a sword again."


		