

The battles in the world of cultivating immortals, especially the battle between big practitioners and low-level practitioners, are so simple and rough most of the time.

A person who seems insurmountable in the eyes may be crushed to death by someone's finger in the next moment. This is also the charm of practice.

The mountains stand still and climb endlessly.

Shen Yu watched this scene silently, and then shifted her gaze to the man who was walking sideways in the field.

The most important reason why I came here to watch it was not to see the results, but to see the middle-aged man's spear cultivation.

Unexpectedly, Shen Yu didn't see the tyranny of the massacre of 100,000 people and monks in the rumors of the world from his spear.

The gun style is mighty and powerful, and the light is unparalleled.

From Shen Yu's point of view, it is also necessary to praise the magical effect of the innate Taoism, any one of the three thousand ways can be comprehended at will, and at this time, the gun one has been used on this middle-aged man. realm.

"Pity."

Shen Yu said suddenly.

Aoyama was ignorant and asked, "What?"

Shen Yu didn't answer, just looked at the sky and frowned slightly.

During his time in the village, he had deduced certain things clearly.

For example, the female Sword Immortal from Broken Blade Mountain would send someone to hunt him down, and she might even come in person.

Only she didn't come.

Then where did she go?

Shen Yu suddenly wished that the flying sword could fly faster.


A flying sword galloped above the clouds for thousands of miles.

The small mountain village is across a continent from the Taoist sect, such a long distance, not to mention the flying sword to pass the book, even the ghosts of the imaginary realm can hardly come out of the body at such a speed.

All this is due to Shen Yu's majestic morality and unparalleled control.

Of course, the most important thing is that the sword has a high spirituality.

The wooden sword is Jingqing.

Brought out from Motianya by Shen Yu, it was once left by a strong man after ascension.

The wooden sword crossed the East China Sea, setting off waves of air, then flew over the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and arrived in front of that glorious gate.

The wooden sword slammed into the ground fiercely, sending out bursts of sword sounds.

Almost instantly.

A thin Taoist appeared in front of the door, put the wooden sword back into his sleeve, and then disappeared in place.

Yuan Temple, Feilai Peak.

A snow-white raccoon that is half as tall as a man is playing with an old dog in the open space in front of the bamboo forest.

A gentle girl in a long green dress was watering the spiritual grass.

The sun is just right and the breeze is gentle.

A scholar with a gentle face sits on a stone chair on the top of the mountain, holding a scroll in one hand, with a breeze on his Buddha face, floating away from the dust.

This scholar, who is actually not outstanding in appearance, has been sitting here for many years, and he got tired of it for a while, and then he went out to travel far away in Taoism, to see the mountains and rivers, to see all over the world, to watch the world's sorrows and joys with cold eyes, and to make some Things, when I came back, I never thought about going out of the mountain again.

Because the world is too boring.

This is his idea.

So when I returned to Daozong, I didn't have any other interests. I watered the flowers and read books every day, and I felt that my life was very fulfilling.

Some people in the world tend to conflate the words indifference and ruthlessness, but they are not.

A ruthless person is not necessarily indifferent, and an indifferent person is not necessarily ruthless.

There was a slight sound of breaking through the air.

Tao Fan, the elder of the Yuan Temple, appeared on the top of the mountain.

There were small waves in the air, and the brief discussion between the two resounded, but no one could hear it.

Su Mo picked up the sword, and a divine thought was transmitted to his heart.

"how?"

After a moment of silence, Dao Fan habitually narrowed his eyes and asked.

"Little brother has a cold temperament, if it wasn't for the emergency, he wouldn't be like this."

The gentle man in a white gown thought for a while and said, "What's more, it has something to do with Yangliu, so the Yang family in Dongzu Prefecture should also go there."

Dao Fan's face was calm, his voice was a little cold, and he said lightly: "Brothered Edge Mountain has become more and more rampant in recent days."

The belief conveyed in that wooden sword is very concise and to the point, it only explains the current situation of the Yang family.

But how cunning Daozong is, as long as he thinks about it, he will naturally be able to clearly understand what happened dozens of days ago in Qianliu City in Dongzu Prefecture.

"Junior Brother has caused a lot of big things these days when he was away."

Su Mo looked at the sky, smiled slightly, and said, "I heard that the female swordsman made three swords. I don't know how my little brother is doing now."

Daofan Daoist said directly: "I will go."

Su Mo shook his head.

Master Daofan was taken aback for a moment, puzzled and asked, "Why?"

As the Great Elder of Yuansheng Temple and the peak powerhouse in the Tribulation Realm of the Upper Three Realms, Daozong has never had a majesty and aura comparable to him, but he has inexplicable confidence and respect for Su Mo on weekdays.

Some members of the Taoist sect even secretly laughed and said that Daofan Daofan was a gatekeeper of the Yuan Temple, and he was blind to the realm of cultivation, and the latter was not annoyed at all when he heard it.

It's just that maybe the unsmiling face on weekdays is too rigid, covering up too many things, so no one knows what emotions are contained in it.

"Zhang Zhi has been missing for a year strangely, and he hasn't returned yet, so he should be dead."

Su Mo was silent for a while, and said, "I'm not worried about the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, so I need to trouble you to keep an eye on the meeting."

There is obviously no connection between the two sentences, but Dao Fan's complexion gradually became dignified.

The whole Taoist sect knew that Zhang Zhi had a grudge against Shen Yu.

And when Shen Yu left, Zhang Zhi retreated at Sitting Forgotten Peak. Although it was extremely secretive, there would still be some clues if you search carefully afterwards.

Shen Yu is still alive, but Zhang Zhi is dead.

What's interesting is that Xun Ju, the master of the Palace of Law of the Qing Dynasty, as a powerful practitioner with unfathomable strength, did not make any waves.

The quieter it is, the more terrifying it is.

God knows what will happen.

Master Daofan whispered: "Then..."

Su Mo got up and patted the dust on his clothes, and said with a smile, "In that case, let me go."

Reverend Dao Fan slightly bent down, and said: "That female Dao Xian is withdrawn, her realm is acceptable, and she is a domineering woman."

"When traveling far away, the master gave me two things, which seem to be useful now."

Su Mo returned to the room and said softly: "And the master said that it is only right and proper for a senior to take care of his junior."


		