

The Canglan River is located thousands of miles away from Yunya City. It flows around a mountain called Tianduan Mountains. The river is extremely open.

In the quiet and distant Jiangwan, there is a mountain village, Cangmang Village.

A few years ago, this was the only way for the villagers to go east. If they wanted to cross the river, they had to pass through the ferry in the village. The population became thinner.

Now that the mountain roads across the Tianduan Mountains have been repaired, this place has become more and more deserted. On weekdays, only the villagers of the village and those who depend on the Canglan River ferry for fishing occasionally come here. .

Along the way, Shen Yu explained the reason to Lu Caiwei, and the girl was startled when she heard that she stayed far away from the river, fearing that she would be caught by the big monster in the river if she was not careful.

The two soon arrived at a deserted village in Linjiang.

Shen Yu stood at the ferry in front of the village, not far away was the river flowing slowly, it was noon, but every household in the village closed their doors, which looked extraordinarily eerie and weird.

Shen Yu looked around, there were a few scattered boatmen on the wooden bridge extending into the river in the distance, after all they survived by fishing, even if the big monsters in the river were causing trouble, they still dare not leave easily to support their family, but they are gone As diligent as before, I only go out one day in three days.

Lu Caiwei said nervously, "Is that monster in the heart of the river?"

Shen Yu said: "A cultivator once tried it with the treasure of hunting monsters, but neither Jiangxin nor Jiangdi could find it."

Lu Caiwei asked in a low voice: "Then what shall we do?"

"I found it!"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Then you kill it!"

Lu Caiwei took a deep breath, and her expression became serious.

After a long while, she said uncertainly, "Can't you just kill it?"

"Can!"

Shen Yu said calmly: "Then give me back the sword."

Lu Caiwei became angry when she heard the words, and snorted.

Suddenly, two out-of-the-ordinary people came to the deserted village, and the few remaining villagers all looked at them with scrutiny and curiosity.

Although the other party claimed that they were practitioners sent by the Baili City Lord of Yunya City to subdue demons, they were afraid after all, and no one dared to come forward to chat with them.

Lu Caiwei struggled a lot but couldn't figure it out. In the end, Shen Yu casually threw out an ingot of silver, which attracted countless villagers' greetings.

The two finally stayed in a villager's house selected by Shen Yu. After tidying up the house, Lu Caiwei was still a little unhappy.

Shen Yu sat on the bench and said lightly: "Money, power, women, these things are the most important things for ordinary people in the world, and the only thing they can accept calmly at this time is money."

Lu Caiwei sneered: "Do you think everyone is as selfish as you?"

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Lu Caiwei felt that the words seemed a bit serious, and she felt sorry, hesitated for a while and said, "What are we going to do next?"

Shen Yu did not answer this question, but suddenly asked another question, "When you were approaching Dongzuzhou, you said that my Tao is not the Tao in your heart, so what is the Tao in your heart?"

Lu Caiwei was stunned, and didn't know what to say for a while, and finally managed to say a few words, "Good and evil are rewarded."

"On the road of practice, there are only benefits, only longevity, and there is no distinction between good and evil."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "And you really think that good and evil in the world can be clearly distinguished?"

Lu Caiwei felt that what he said was wrong, but she didn't know how to refute it, so she could only say angrily: "Anyway, I can't say no to you, but you are wrong, you are wrong!"

Shen Yu said with a smile: "If there are villains in front of you, would you dare to draw your sword?"

Lu Caiwei said categorically, "Of course, I practice swords to punish evil and promote good."

Shen Yu nodded and stood up.

Lu Caiwei asked suspiciously, "Why?"

Shen Yu said: "Look for monsters."

In the next few days, Lu Caiwei followed Shen Yu around the village. Over time, the monster was not found, but he became acquainted with the people in the village.

It was a shrewd woman who took them in, and the man was a ferryman at the ferry, named Zhao Da.

He looks simple, honest and strong, and is very enthusiastic about the two of them. From time to time, he brings a few fish salvaged from the river to stew fish soup, which is very luxurious in this not-so-rich village.

Even Lu Caiwei had a little affection for the man who didn't talk much.

Zhao Da also has a child who is seven or eight years old. Shen Yu and Lu Caiwei have seen each other before. He is an innocent child.

Although the family of three would quarrel over some trivial matters on weekdays, it was indeed a happy one.

Shen Yu spent the whole day leisurely, wandering around the village. So he took a stroll on the Canglan River, and chatted with Zhao Da at the ferry for a while, and the day passed.

Lu Caiwei sometimes thinks that she wants to rest here for a few days purely because she is too tired.

However, she was not affected by him, and practiced desperately in the courtyard every day with the white jade sword.

I thought that if I really found that monster, I must use the most powerful and beautiful sword in my life, and I must impress that guy, and it would be best to stare out my eyes.

squeak.

The wooden door of the courtyard was suddenly pushed open, and Shen Yu walked in.

"Go out for a walk?" Shen Yu said for the first time in the past few days.

Lu Caiwei was a little surprised, and said teasingly: "Hey, do you know it's boring to be alone?"

Shen Yu didn't speak, turned her head and walked out of the far door,

Lu Caiwei snorted, but also ran out.

As the two walked in the village, people from the head and tail of the village gathered together, with smiles and flattery in their words, and kept asking if they had found the trace of the monster.

Occasionally, there are a few tired and lazy men squatting under the banyan tree, looking like they are watching a good show.

In the past, there were not many practitioners, but there were also many, which one did not leave in despair.

Practitioners, too.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to those contemptuous gazes and came all the way to the simple ferry at the entrance of the village.

The ferryman Zhao Dazheng was eating a steamed bun with coarse grains, while the woman was mending some tattered clothes, and the child was digging something on the beach with a small shovel.

This scene is indescribably sweet.

When Zhao Da saw the two people coming, he grinned and said, "So it's Mr. Shen, why are you interested in coming to my place today?"

Shen Yu walked to the edge of the ferry, looked at the deep river and remained silent.

I don't know how many innocent lives have been swallowed by this big river.

He said calmly, "Let's take a look and have a chat."

Lu Caiwei walked up to the child and rubbed his head.

"OK."

Zhao laughed and said, "I'm familiar with all the things in a radius of a hundred miles. Feel free to ask, but even if the monster thing is a bit difficult for me."

Shen Yu squatted aside casually, reached out to scoop up a handful of clear river water, then watched it slip from her fingertips, and said, "I probably figured this out."

Lu Caiwei turned her head and widened her eyes.

Zhao Da was also surprised, and said: "Really? Those immortal masters in the past have never said that."

"Yeah, it's actually not that difficult."

Shen Yu said lightly: "They just looked in the wrong direction. That person is not a monster in the first place, but just a person."

Lu Caiwei interrupted: "Human?"

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and said: "Yes, a person who accidentally ate the demon pill, then couldn't control the demon energy in his body, and finally lost his mind."

Lu Caiwei said in surprise, "Demon Pill? Who is it?"

"The water-attribute demon pill naturally comes from the river, so of course it is the person closest to the water."

Shen Yu turned to look at Zhao Da beside him, and asked, "What do you think?"

The honest and honest man didn't change his face, and said sincerely: "Mr. Shen, although I, Zhao Da, am not a smart person, I understand what you mean, but you really misunderstood me."

Shen Yu said: "Oh?"

Zhao Da patted his chest, and said seriously: "I am a native, I have never eaten any so-called demon pills, I have never even heard of them, and some people doubted me before, but I behaved properly, so I was safe and sound. Now that I've lived, think about it, if I really have a problem, why couldn't those previous practitioners see it?"

Words without the slightest hesitation, and very sincere.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and said: "People should not be judged by their appearance. With your character, it is a good choice to practice if you think about it."

A silent woman couldn't stand anymore, stepped forward and said mockingly: "Master Immortal, you have to give evidence when you speak. Could it be that the big demon in the river has not been found, and you are not good at business, so you want to take our house?" Zhao Dalai to take the blame? If this kind of thing gets out, it will really make Baili City Lord lose face."

Zhao Da's face was a little ugly, and he said coldly: "If you suspect that I have eaten that demon pill, you can come and test it."

Lu Caiwei just stared at the man's figure, but didn't notice anything unusual, so she couldn't help frowning.

Shen Yu stood up and said lightly: "Who said you ate that demon pill?"

The light and calm words made the faces of the two couples suddenly change drastically, and it was like thunder on the ground in Lu Caiwei's ears.

She suddenly lowered her head to look at the child who had been standing behind her parents, with her head down, unable to see her expression.

"The father caught the demon pill in the river, thought it was a treasure, but was eaten by his son."

Shen Yu stood with her hands behind her back, her clothes fluttering lightly, and she said slowly: "Then my son turned into a man-eating monster, but in order to protect him, my parents could only help conceal it, and sometimes even help the tyrant to abuse him. It's really helpless."

Shen Yu slapped his heart with every word, and then said: "But do you know, your son died long ago, and there is only a reborn monster left in this skin bag."

Shen Yu was looking down at the child who couldn't see his face clearly, and said with a smile: "If you didn't see that they are useful to you, you would have eaten them a long time ago."

Zhao Da was no longer as calm as before, trembling all over and said: "You are talking nonsense... what are you talking about..."

The woman hugged the child behind her tightly. He didn't speak, just burst into tears.

Shen Yu turned her head and glanced at the woman who was still standing there, and said, "It's your turn."

Lu Caiwei struggled and hesitated.

Puchi!

The woman's crying came to an abrupt end.

A hand is passed across the woman's chest.

"very noisy!"

The indifferent child slowly pulled out his bloody hand, and threw the woman casually, and the latter fell directly into the river.

He lightly added the blood on his hands, and his usually clear and bright eyes were full of cruelty at this moment.

"Since you are looking for death, then I will fulfill you."


		