

Seeing this scene, Shen Yu sighed deeply.

When he was at Cuizhu Peak, he once said that sap or bricks are the most simple and unpretentious self-defense weapons, but Shang Yingluo actually listened to it and found a bamboo stick. very skilled.

Shang Yingluo put the black stick in her arms casually, and said proudly: "Shen Yu, I know everything about you, I'm here to save you."

The voice is clear and sweet, like birds singing in the mountains.

After not seeing each other for more than half a year, Shen Yu found that Shang Yingluo's body had grown a bit taller, her round face had lost a lot of weight, and completely turned into an oval face, wearing a green long dress, like Xiaojiabiyu.

He was a little lost. It turned out that the little girl had grown up unknowingly. Maybe in a few years, she would become another woman who is all over the world.

The same was true for the little fairy who followed him back then.

There was a hint of warmth in Shen Yu's eyes, and she shook her head and said, "The guard formation here is too powerful, you can't save me."

Shang Yingluo was puzzled, she stretched her hand forward, and encountered an invisible barrier that was invisible to the naked eye without any accidents. She circulated her whole body's spiritual power, and finally her whole body was almost lying on the barrier, and she murmured, I have been busy for a long time, but still stay in place.

Shen Yu just looked at this scene with a smile.

Shang Yingluo was finally tired, she took a few steps back out of breath, then sat down on the ground, said with a sad face, "What's the matter?"

Seeing her like this, Shen Yu's depressed mood improved a little bit, and said with a smile: "There is no rush, there will always be a way."

Shang Yingluo thought for a while, and then said seriously: "What you said makes sense."

In the following time, Shang Yingluo sat outside the cave, talking about some small and small things, such as the spirit fox and the earth dog in the Yuan Temple. He ran around up and down the mountain all day, and then he and Yang Liu became good friends. When the two of them were free, they would read and write after the elder brother. What was even more surprising was that the spirit carp in the deep pool actually lost a lot of weight .

The little girl babbled a lot, but she didn't talk about the case of the Shen family's old house from the beginning to the end.

Because in her mind, this matter has nothing to do with her.

Shen Yu silently listened to what she said, looked at the sky, and motioned for the little girl to go back.

"I'll go first, I'll see you tomorrow."

Shang Yingluo was very free and easy, she got up and patted the dust off her buttocks, and went down the cliff again.

After a while, there was a slight whining sound from the ground.

"Ouch, that bastard knocked me out."

Ding Yi pressed the back of his head with his right hand, struggled to get up, and looked at Shen Yu in a daze.

Shen Yu glanced down the mountain and said, "I didn't see it."

"Didn't you see it?"

Ding Yi looked around suspiciously, but there was no sign of anyone coming, and he said puzzledly, "What the hell, is there still someone coming to this place where the birds don't shit?"


The place where Shen Yu is is always lively.

Ding Yi never thought that there would be people coming and going in this extremely deserted Siguoya.

Yanfa Palace clearly saw that Jiang Shaoqiu, Duzhen Palace Yu Wenwen, and even Ye Zhiqiu, a genius disciple who was highly valued by Qinglu Palace, had all been here.

What interested Ding Yi the most was Yu Wenwen's little uncle who looked very young. He came and left on time every day, and he didn't find it annoying from early morning to dark.

It's just that every time he saw her smiling at him, Ding Yizong felt a slight chill on his back, and he didn't know why.

One day, after seeing the little uncle bouncing and disappearing at the foot of the mountain, Ding Yi heaved a sigh of relief for no reason, then turned around and looked at the guy sitting cross-legged on the ground, with a complicated expression, full of emotions, It's a pity, and a little admiration.

Many people came and said a lot these days, all of them were not optimistic about Shen Yu's current situation without exception, and some people even pessimistically thought that his future was bleak.

But this guy in front of him always looks calm and calm. In this small cave, he chats when he should be chatting, and cultivates when he should be cultivating. He doesn't seem to care about his own affairs.

How did he manage to stay calm? What has he experienced in his life?

Ding Yi asked himself if he couldn't be as calm as him, and it was the first time he felt admiration for a person.

Even though the distance between the two was only a few feet away, he did not have the slightest disdain or noble tone when chatting, but Ding Yi always felt that he was far away from each other, even though he was close at hand, he seemed to be thousands of miles away.

"what's your plan?"

Ding Yi said seriously: "If the sect follows the sect's rules, you will be expelled from the Dao sect this time, or your cultivation base will be abolished, and you will become a mortal. You will not be able to cultivate in this life."

Shen Yu was silent for a long time, then shook her head and said, "I don't know either."

"You really..."

Ding Yi rolled his eyes when he heard the words, and suddenly remembered something, and said contemptuously: "Speaking of which, even people from the other three temples came to see you, why didn't you people from Yuansheng Temple come? Could it be that they are still afraid because of you?" And lost face?"

These days, even Ye Zhiqiu from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty is not afraid of rumors from the same sect, and has come to Siguoya to visit in a grand manner, but the Yuan Temple has not been here since Shen Yu returned to the mountain, and some disciples have even rumored that the sect head has After a gesture, he decided to give up this inhuman disciple.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, thought for a while, and said, "It must be a little complicated."


Yuan Temple, Feilai Peak.

No matter how the clouds rise and fall outside, this place is always so peaceful, as if it has been like this for thousands of years.

Yang Liu watered a few Hanging Sword Grass in the Spirit Grass Garden, but her face was sad and her mind was not on it at all.

"If you keep watering it, these spiritual grasses will be destroyed."

Su Mo's gentle voice appeared beside him.

Only then did Yang Liu regain his senses, hastily took back the wooden ladle in his hand, and smiled apologetically.

Su Mo said, "What are you thinking?"

Yang Liu hesitated to speak, and finally whispered: "Senior brother, why don't you let you go to Qinglu Palace to visit Senior Brother Shen Yu?"

These days, Yang Liu knew a little about some things that happened outside, so he naturally knew what happened to Shen Yu, and felt extremely uncomfortable.

"The time has not come."

Su Mo said lightly.

Yang Liu shook his head, and said aggrievedly: "Outside...they are all saying that we are going to abandon Senior Brother Shen Yu, will this make Senior Brother Shen Yu sad?"

Su Mo patted her on the shoulder lightly, and said with a smile, "You underestimated your senior brother Shen Yu."

Su Mo explained: "He is in the chessboard now, and he can't help himself, but those of us who watch chess must always see clearly the intentions of those chess players. If we rush into it, it will be too passive. .”

Yang Liu seems to understand but does not understand.

Su Mo suddenly asked: "Do you believe the rumors of these people outside?"

Yang Liu said firmly, "I don't believe it."

Su Mo asked again: "What if the younger brother really did that?"

Yang Liu said seriously: "Then he must have a reason."

"That's enough." Su Mo nodded and smiled, then stepped out of the Spiritual Grass Garden.

Looking at the figure of senior brother going away, Yang Liu always felt that something was missing in his heart, and subconsciously looked back.

Outside the bamboo forest, there was no one there.

Originally, there should have been a thin Taoist cultivating cross-legged.


Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, thinking of the cliff.

Shen Yu sat cross-legged outside the cave, practicing against the cold mountain wind.

Ding Yi started rambling again.

"I haven't seen that little girl for several days. It's really strange."

Ding Yi smiled and said: "I said, are they really planning to abandon you? You are really miserable, and I am the only one who will accompany you, haha."

Shen Yu opened her eyes and looked quietly at the foot of the mountain.

There was a slight turbulence in the air, and then a breeze blew past.

A tall man came over, he looked at Shen Yu and smiled slightly.

As soon as Ding saw this person, he immediately stood up straight with a serious face.

Zhang Zhi, the head of Zuowang Peak, waved his hand casually.

Ding Yi ran out quickly, then hid behind a rock, looking at the two of them cautiously.

"The scenery here is nice."

Zhang Zhi stood with his hands behind his back, looked at the surrounding environment, and then his eyes fell on Shen Yu who was trapped in the prison, and said, "Is it strange that your friends didn't come all at once?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Have you found a new natal treasure yet?"

Zhang Zhi's expression darkened instantly when he heard the words, and after a while he sneered, slowly stretched out a finger, and said, "Ten years ago, when you killed the twenty-six members of the Shen family, you probably didn't expect that all of this would be done by a little wandering beggar. See, that's why you left the country."

"but...."

Zhang Zhi slowly stretched out his second finger, and said in a deep voice: "In Sunset Town on the southwest border of Dali, there is a Taoist temple called Yunyang Temple. You appeared there in the second year after the Shen family incident happened. , turned into a poor little beggar, beat the master of Yunyang Temple to death on the New Year's Eve of that year, and locked up several Taoists in the temple and burned them to death. The fire burned for three days and three nights, and Yunyang Temple It has since been reduced to ruins.”

Ding Yi opened his mouth wide behind the rock in the distance, with a shocked expression on his face.

"Yunyang Temple is a Taoist temple canonized by the Dali Dynasty, and the master of the temple, Zhishan Taoist, is a highly respected senior in the southwest, famous all over the world."

Zhang Zhi waved his sleeves and scolded angrily: "Shen Yu, you actually did such a crazy thing, do you really want to court death?"

The sound was like thunder from the nine heavens, the thin aura of Siguoya scattered suddenly, and countless clouds and mist violently churned, which was shocking.

Shen Yu didn't even lift her eyelids in the field, and said lightly: "Oh."

"Nothing to say, is there?"

Zhang Zhi didn't see the panicked look of the other party, and he was a little regretful, and then continued: "Even silence can't change the fact, you naively think that this is a matter of killing a few mortals? What you killed was canonized by the Dali Dynasty Your sect is a cultivator with a very high reputation, and now no one in the Dao sect dares to speak for you in public, and no one is allowed to approach the entire mountain where Siguo Cliff is located."

"As for you, after half a month, when the quota to go to Zhongzhou Academy is confirmed, you will be abolished by me in front of the Patriarch Hall, and then sent to the capital of Dali to be convicted by the secular government."

Feeling relieved, Zhang Zhi leaned over and said with a smile, "How? Are you satisfied with this treatment?"

Shen Yu still looked calm and breezy, and said, "Oh."

"Hmph, it's really interesting that you are still so tough even now."

Zhang Zhi's eyes were cold, and his smile became a little playful, "Speaking of which, I still have to thank you for one thing. This time, your place in the Zongmen Grand Competition has been replaced by me. Made a contribution."

Shen Yu didn't care, and quietly looked at the sea of ​​clouds.

"Enjoy your last days."

Zhang Zhi flicked his sleeves, laughed and left, turned around suddenly halfway, and asked in one direction, "Did you hear that?"

Ding Yi desperately shook his head and said, "No..."

boom!

Afterwards, his body hit the rock wall heavily, and he spit out a streak of bright red blood.

"Don't tell the truth next time."

Zhang Zhi walked down Siguo Cliff, and said lightly, "Next time I see you getting so close to this guy, I'll break your leg."

The footsteps gradually faded away, and Siguoya was silent.

Ding Yi fell beside the rock, his feet were covered with blood, his fists were clenched tightly, and he stared at the figure going away.

Shen Yu watched this scene silently without speaking.


		