

Time passed.

Soon there was a second disciple from Green Bamboo Peak who reached the Dao Realm.

When Jiang Shaoqiu left, he deliberately came to Shen Yu's yard.

Shen Yu had no impression of him, and said indifferently, "What's the matter?"

Jiang Shaoqiu was a little embarrassed, and hesitated for a long time before saying: "Thank you for the matter of Yanfa Temple, but I think you have the ability to become the most powerful people in Taoism, so... you still have to work harder in practice, even if you are talented. Too lazy."

After finishing speaking, Jiang Shaoqiu turned and left, leaving only Shen Yuli in the courtyard, a little inexplicably.

Next, one after another, some disciples stepped into the Dao realm.

It's just strange that when these boundary-breaking disciples left Cuizhufeng, they would all come to Shen Yu's courtyard to say hello, and their tone was very respectful.

This made Shen Yu a little confused.

Until that day, Yang Liu explained after practicing: "At the beginning you taught me some skills in practicing the Art of Imperial Objects...I accidentally told Jiang Shaoqiu and the others, and then everyone knew..."

Only then did Shen Yu understand.

In these days, Yang Liu's realm has improved rapidly, and now he has reached the edge of the ninth level of Qi training, and he is also familiar with Shen Yu. Sometimes he would gossip with him, but most of the time, he did not get a response, but it was The man fell asleep.

Not far away, a figure in green clothes stood on the top of the cliff, seemed a little lonely, and after the sun rose, he walked slowly down the mountain.

"I saw the real person, I don't know what happened, I stood there all night last night."

Yang Liu said: "The Daoist seems to have become haggard all of a sudden."

"The way is lost and I can't solve it." Shen Yu glanced at the back of the figure and shook her head slightly.

"Senior Brother Shen Yu..."

Yang Liu tightened his grip on the bamboo Xiao in his hand, summoned up his courage and asked, "What do you think of my practice?"

Shen Yu pondered for a while, then said: "Too slow, too low."

The girl who was full of expectation felt a little disappointed when she heard the words, and bit her lips tightly, as if she had a lot of grievances.

"but...."

With a smile on the corner of Shen Yu's mouth, he said: "Cultivation is a long-term thing. I think you are already stronger than many people."

The girl's eyes lit up, she lowered her head shyly, her smile couldn't be concealed, and she spread away.

Shen Yuhan rubbed the little girl's head and said, "I heard that there is a female sword fairy in the north. If our Southwest Taoist sect can produce a female real fairy, it would be very good to think about it."

"it is good."

Yang Liu nodded vigorously, then seemed to think of something again, and asked curiously: "You were in Yanfa Temple, and you knocked two people unconscious with a sap?"

"Do not."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows and said, "Three people."

It was the first time Yang Liu felt pride in the young man, he was a little surprised and a little speechless.

Because Shen Yu, who usually doesn't care about anything, is actually proud of this matter.

Speaking of which, this young man has more things to be proud of.

Shen Yu saw her thoughts, and said: "Using Lingbao, immortal weapon to kill someone, or what realm I have reached in practice, it is a matter of course for me."

"But hitting the sap is different."

Yang Liu couldn't understand the young man's explanation, but felt that this man suddenly had a tinge of human anger, would be proud, and would care about some things.

Such Shen Yu is more interesting.

for a moment.

The sound of cicadas around the peak became much quieter, and the sea of ​​clouds surrounding the peak seemed to have stopped.

Shen Yu, who was standing on the edge of the cliff with her hands behind her back, slowly opened her eyes. Her blue shirt was moving without wind, and her eyes shone with a strange luster.

Yang Liu has also seen many similar changes in the world at Cuizhu Peak, and his eyes widened. He looked at the young man and said excitedly, "Senior Brother Shen Yu..."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "Entered the Tao."

There was a hint of emotion in his tone, the time he came here was a bit sad for him.

But in Yang Liu's view, Shen Yu's words seemed to be justified, so casual.

There are more than 100 disciples in Cuizhu Peak, each of them practiced hard day and night, and some even used the time for eating and sleeping to practice.

Looking at the young man in front of him, with such an understatement, Yang Liu thought that his senior brother was really a strange and terrifying person.

Shen Yu turned around and rubbed the little girl's head.

Yang Liu seemed to realize something, and asked, "Are you leaving?"

"Um."

Shen Yu said: "Daoist practice requires gradual progress, don't rush, don't slack off."

Yang Liu nodded, and enviously said: "It would be great if I could sleep in a daze and take a walk every day like you, so that I could reach the enlightenment."


Quaint courtyard.

Ming Jian looked at the young man in front of him and said, "You came later than I thought."

During the small competition between the two peaks in the Yanfa Palace, Shen Yu knew that Shen Yu had already reached the ninth level of Qi training, but he still waited for a long time unexpectedly.

Shen Yu said: "Cultivation is enlightenment, there is no difference between sooner and later."

Mingjian was stunned for a moment, then revealed a self-deprecating look, nodded and said: "That's the truth, but the day when I understand it, maybe I will never wait."

A sigh.

Seeing the little ones ascending the realm one by one and leaving the Green Bamboo Peak, his state of mind also changed a little.

His cultivation base has been stagnant in the real cave for too long, he has tried a lot in the mountains, and he has tried a lot in the past few years, but his cultivation base has still not increased by half, and there are faint signs of regression.

This made him a little confused.

Ming Jian withdrew his thoughts and said, "I will report the list, and I can leave tomorrow."

Shen Yu nodded, turned and left.

Yesterday, I saw the predicament that Mingjian encountered, and I saw some of it as early as when I was in Yanfa Temple.

The way is lost.

On the road of practice, there will be crossroads, forks, puzzles and doubts. Sword repairers like to cut them with a sword, and rangers like to understand between life and death.

As for Taoism, there is only epiphany.

Shen Yu didn't pay attention to it, this kind of thing can only be solved by himself, not to mention that it has nothing to do with him.

Walking out of the courtyard gate, I suddenly saw a fruit tree full of spiritual fruits.

This kind of spiritual fruit contains a small amount of spiritual energy, which can improve the meridians and help absorb spiritual energy for practitioners who are new to Qi refining.

The young man remembered what Yang Liu said, Mingjian Daoist would send some spirit fruits to the disciples of Cuizhu Peak every few days, he himself had eaten them occasionally, and thought the taste was not bad.

As for Shang Yingluo, she ate the spiritual fruit as a snack.

"Where is the Tao?" Shen Yu suddenly turned around and asked.

Mingjian was a little puzzled.

Shen Yu looked at him and said, "Have you been looking for it for so many years, have you ever thought that the truth is in your heart?"

Mingjian did not speak.

Shen Yu continued: "I have always felt that there is no need for sects like Daozong to exist."

Seeing and hearing the words, he was a little angry. It was too absurd to be able to say such words. When he was about to scold him, he was interrupted by the boy.

"In the world, there are sword cultivators, Confucianist cultivators, Buddhist cultivators, chivalrous warriors, and Qi refiners like us. The Tao they pursue is the ultimate principle of heaven and earth, which is transcendent."

"It's for freedom."

"The Dao sect, with its distinct generational hierarchy and strict inheritance, may have countless methods of Taoist practice, but it also gives people layers of shackles, and the rules of Taoism, how can they be transcendent from the world."

"For so many years, you haven't been able to step into the Immortal Ascension Realm. If you think about it, you have a shackle in your heart. What is an Immortal Ascension? There is no dust in your heart, and your mind is unbound."

Shen Yu looked at him, and said seriously: "Your Taoist heart... has already been stained with dust."

Ming saw that his face was pale and his forehead was covered with beads of sweat.

Because he found that everything is like this, and there is no way to refute it.

There was no sound in the courtyard.

Mingjian looked closely at the young man in front of him, and asked earnestly, "What should I do?"

"Of course it is to cut off those shackles."

"There is fog in the heart lake, just blow it away."

"The heart of the Tao is dusty, so I cut it off with the spiritual treasure in my palm."

The boy had already walked out of the courtyard gate, and a firm voice could be vaguely heard from a distance: "I will cut the dust with my heart sword."

Ming Jian stood in the courtyard, motionless, the only thing that changed was his eyes, which gradually became more and more clear from confusion.

After an unknown amount of time, he closed his eyes and said in a deep voice, "Duanchen!"

In the room, a whisk that had been silent for a long time began to tremble slightly.


Shen Yu stopped walking among the mountains and forests, looking at the sky, as if expecting something.

Half an hour later, there was a burst of white aura rising into the sky from that courtyard, followed by the sound of cracking.

It was like a shattered ice cube, crisp and bright, resounding through the entire Cuizhu Peak.

All the disciples in the mountain looked over there in surprise.

Shen Yu smiled slightly.

This was the first time he smiled after coming to Daozong.

For three thousand years, there are very few people who can keep him in his heart, and he doesn't even care about clear vision.

However, on the road to the great road, there is one more person walking along.

Also excellent.


		