

It was rainy and hazy.

The atmosphere in the arena was a little quiet.

Shen Yu didn't speak any more.

The man in black looked at the purple wooden sword with a nervous expression.

Fortunately, the wooden sword that could change the situation between the two of them did not move at all, and it was still leaning quietly on the stone platform.

The man in black couldn't help but let out a piercing laugh.

Shen Yu sighed and stood up with all her strength.

He was going to use the power of his original life to kill that person, which was his last resort now.

boom!

Huge spiritual power rushed towards him, hitting Shen Yu again.

It turned out that the man in black had already broken the pressure of the Guanyin Bamboo. Now he got up slowly, and drew a mysterious rune with his right hand, and the black chess piece was suspended in front of him again.

He didn't hold back any more, and only wanted one blow to divide life and death.


Shen Yu's face was calm, although his body was covered with blood, but those black eyes were still so indifferent, even facing the fierce black chess piece that flew towards him, he was still calm and calm.

According to the boy's original calculation, it would take at least one o'clock in the evening for the opponent to break through the suppression of the Guanyin Bamboo. It's just that three thousand years have passed, and the realm is really lower, so there is a slight deviation.

This little mistake put him in a life and death situation.

"After all, it was too reluctant."

Shen Yu took a deep breath, then gently let go of her right fist, turning it into a palm.

He didn't give up, and wanted to catch the chess piece Lingbao with one hand.

The man in black looked at the boy's movements and chuckled, "Naive!"

Afterwards, the aura around the chess piece became even stronger.


Shen Yu didn't care about the man's ridicule at all. Many years ago, she experienced too many such moments, and she didn't even look at the wooden sword at this time.

"I have encountered many spirit treasures and even fairy artifacts, but in terms of arrogance, none of them can compare to you."

Shen Yu turned her head to look at the 'proud' wooden sword. The purple sword body looked a little weird under the moonlight.

The young man rolled his eyes for no reason, and sighed: "My conditions are not bad, why am I not good enough for you? That female sword fairy back then was not as hard to find as you."

boom!

The next moment, the boy clenched his right hand tightly, and instantly pinched the galloping black chess piece in his palm.

The powerful aura spread out, and the young man's long hair flew up and his sleeves fluttered, as if a fairy had come to the world.

The Lingbao, which looked like a chess piece, made a dull trembling sound, like a trapped beast.

Then, there was blood dripping, which was the blood from the tiger's mouth of Shen Yu's right hand, falling drop by drop.

Shen Yu caught the spirit treasure, the life spirit treasure of the peak powerhouse in the Cave Realm.


A moment later, a black shadow flashed past.

The man was one foot away from the boy in an instant.

The Cave Realm powerhouse has become extremely ruthless at this moment, without any hint of arrogance.

Even after seeing such a fantasy-like method of the boy, not only did he not feel a trace of shock, but even subconsciously thought of killing the boy as soon as possible.

With a palm strike, it was like thunder.

This is the concentration of his life's mana, without any Taoism, but such an ordinary palm is a sure-kill technique, and the opponent has absolutely no possibility of resisting it.

"ended."

The man looked at the young man indifferently, and the previous dissatisfaction finally turned into an angry sentence, but...

It was as if he had forgotten something.


A red light flashed away.

Both Shen Yu and the man in black saw this sharp light.

On the top of Fenbao Cliff, the sound of a sharp weapon piercing into flesh and blood broke the surrounding tranquility.

The man's right palm finally stopped three inches away from the boy.

The chess piece Lingbao in Shen Yu's hand no longer rolled and struggled, as if it had lost its vitality.

The young man looked at the scene in front of him and smiled.

At this moment, the quiet red wooden sword penetrated the chest of the man in black, pierced his heart directly, and then flew out backwards.

Blood stained the sky like red fireworks.

The man in black couldn't speak anymore, he stretched out his right hand and feebly moved forward, finally knelt down on his knees, and slowly fell on the dust.

Until his death, his eyes were full of disbelief.


The crescent moon is hidden above the dark clouds, and the night is getting darker.

The young man stood proudly on the top of the cliff. In front of him was only a corpse and a...wooden sword.

The wooden sword trembled slightly, using the rain to wash off the blood on the sword, and then quietly suspended in front of the young man.

Shen Yu sat cross-legged, while mobilizing the spiritual energy in her dantian to repair her injury, while looking at the suspended wooden sword.

Killing with a sword.

Shen Yu felt more and more that this sword was really suitable for him.

Shen Yu said, "We've been chatting for so long, let's see each other?"

The young man was very enthusiastic about this sword, and completely lost the indifference towards people.

As soon as the words fell, the blade of the sword exuded a lavender sword light, and then, an ethereal figure appeared in the air, and his face could not be seen clearly.

"My name is Jing Qing."

Qi Ling's voice was ethereal and lonely, and it was still a woman.

Shen Yu nodded slightly and said, "My name is Shen Yu."

"Shen Yu, can you really take me to see the outside world?"

The woman said seriously: "I mean, the real outside, the outside of the entire continent."

Shen Yu was silent for a long time before saying: "I have seen that outside before, but when I was going to step in there, I was interrupted. This time, I will definitely be able to step in there and leave you there and my footprints."

The woman looked at him quietly, and after a long silence said, "Who is Tianxuan?"

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said: "The spirit of a fairy weapon is much stronger than yours. I came here to find it, but there is no one here."

The female Qi Ling nodded, but did not speak.

Shen Yu felt that it was not good to praise other weapon spirits in front of her, and said: "Although it is stronger than you, it is not as good-looking as you."

The female Qi Ling let out a sigh and said, "There is one more question, what should I do if I encounter someone who cannot be defeated?"

Shen Yu smiled and said, "Run."

The female Qi Ling nodded and said: "I like this answer very much. If you can't beat it, you should run, because I am very afraid of pain."

Shen Yu looked strange, wondering if this woman Qi Ling was a little timid.

The female Qi Ling ignored his expression and said, "But in my eyes, there is never anyone I can't beat."

Shen Yu was speechless.

The female Qi Ling continued: "I know you are strong, the dead man looks stronger than you, but you seem stronger than him."

Shen Yu said: "Then why didn't you act earlier."

The female Qi Ling thought for a while and said, "I've been checking to see if the conditions you mentioned are acceptable."

Shen Yu sighed, but fortunately, she was considered a decent person in her eyes.


The female Qi Ling continued: "Is that female sword fairy hard to find?"

Shen Yu was a little embarrassed and said, "A little bit."

The female Qi Ling nodded slightly, and said seriously: "You have to work harder."

Shen Yu opened her mouth, not knowing how to answer her, and secretly sighed in her heart that it has been so long, and it is so laborious to communicate with Qi Ling.

The purple sword light gradually dimmed and solidified.

An elegant figure fell from the sword body.

Shen Yu finally saw the true face of this female sword spirit.

She is beautiful, with a cold beauty, and the most unforgettable thing is her pair of clear eyes, which seem to be able to see through everything.

"let's start."

The female Qi Ling looked at him, her tone became much more serious.

Shen Yu guessed what she was going to do, shook her head and said, "I don't care about this, it doesn't have to be like this."

Qi Ling Jingqing shook his head stubbornly, and lightly tapped the center of Shen Yu's eyebrows with his right hand.

"You said that the outside world is wonderful, but this place is so desolate, so I promise to go with you to see the outside world."

"But you already have the natal weapon Ling Tianxuan, so I can only follow you for thirty years."

As her figure gradually faded, it finally turned into a lavender streak that rushed into the boy's brow.


Shen Yu closed her eyes, her mind immersed in the spiritual sea of ​​Dantian.

On the boundless lake and sea where spiritual energy rises, a small purple sword is extremely dazzling.

That is Jing Qingjian.

The young man was a little surprised, this place is the heart lake of people, and if a practitioner wants to step into this place with his mind, he needs the Immortal Ascension Boundary to do so.

Or integrate into the innate spirit treasure, and break the barrier of Happy Lake with the spirit of the weapon.

Daozong called this kind of Lingbao inheritance, using the Linghu to nourish the natal Lingbao and inherit its innate true meaning.

Shen Yu stretched out his right hand, and the small purple sword shot up into the sky, and then emitted a dazzling sword light.

"Shen Yu, remember what you said."

"Trust me, you won't regret your choice today."

Shen Yu gripped the wooden sword tightly, and the sky and the earth suddenly shone brightly.


		