

From the moment he left Daozong, Shen Yu felt a faint murderous intent implicating him.

It wasn't until he came out of Liyang City that he finally confirmed who that person was.

Zhang Zhi, the first seat on Zuowang Peak.

The reason is quite simple. Shen Yu humiliated Zhang Zhi several times in front of the public, and abolished the disciples he had cultivated for many years. Presumably, this person has exceeded the limit of his patience.

Another reason is that those people still don't give up on who will be the head of the Dao Sect in the future.

Shen Yu got up slowly, and stood in the canyon with his hands on his chest. Even though the sword energy flying around in his body became more and more violent, he still didn't show it at all.

Yu Wenwen, Fang Hen, Chen Jianzhi and other young disciples in the big competition before were also in the Immortal Ascension Boundary, but if they really fought, everyone would not be like Zhang Zhi, who had killed countless monsters and alien races, one step away from the mountain of corpses and the sea of ​​blood. The opponent of a practitioner who has grown up one step at a time.

Shen Yu was not worried, but felt a little troublesome.

If he was killed directly, there would be countless follow-up changes in the matter. Of course, the grievance between the two of them would end there. After all, he still remembered that he had promised Ding Yi.

If you don't kill them, there will still be countless troubles.

Shen Yu is a person who hates trouble very much.

As early as in the square of Patriarch Hall, Shen Yu wanted to take the opportunity to kill Zhang Zhi.

It was only because there were three great powers from the Ascension Realm and even the Immortal Realm present, so it was difficult to have such an opportunity, so he decided to give up.

The boy in black stared at the man and said, "He is very powerful."

Shen Yu said: "Tangle him, and then I will solve him."

The boy looked at Shen Yu suspiciously, at the unremarkable golden core state, he asked cautiously: "Sir, does the human race have any marks of life and death?"

"No."

Shen Yu said lightly, and then pinched Daojue with his right hand, "However, to kill him, I only need one sword."


Zhang Zhi walked leisurely on the mountain road.

He was not in a hurry to do it. After all, Shen Yu was the most outstanding young disciple of Dao Sect. This kind of thing must be done without trace, otherwise the sect would definitely find him.

So along the way, he chose the line of sky between Zhongzhou and Dongzuzhou.

In order to prevent the other party from discovering him, in Liyang City, he deliberately attached a wisp of his original aura to a martial artist who only had a first-sensitivity state, shortening the distance to follow.

"You have insulted me many times. If you really think that you are the proud son of heaven, no one dares to touch you. You are just a bastard who killed his father and mother."

There was a sneer at the corner of Zhang Zhi's mouth, and he frowned suddenly, noticing something strange around him.

A dense mist and evil spirit gradually enveloped the surrounding area, which had never happened before.

With his realm, if he released some original aura at will, those goblins and ghosts with low realms would not dare to appear at all.

Zhang Zhi snorted coldly, and said, "Presumptuous."

The thick spiritual power spread from his body, bringing up countless broken branches and broken leaves, and swept the entire mountain forest in an instant, and there were many subtle wailing sounds.

But only a few breaths later, a powerful demon force came back.

"How old are you?"

The voice in the mist had a hint of annoyance.

Zhang Zhi looked coldly at the little guy gradually appearing in his line of sight, and said coldly: "It turned out to be a young black snake. It didn't even grow up and dared to act presumptuously in front of me. If you don't want to ruin your Dao heart for hundreds of years As soon as it happens, get out."

"Oh, you have such a big tone, who are you?"

The boy in black pretended to be scared, rolled his eyes and said, "I was scared to death."

"court death."

Zhang Zhi raised his right hand lightly, and the ancient sword behind him automatically appeared in his hand.

A sword split out.

The sword energy split the ground like a crescent moon, bringing countless broken stones and rushing towards the person in front.

"Well done."

The boy yelled, his legs stopped back and forth, and his right fist slammed straight at the sharp sword energy.

boom!

There were several continuous cracking sounds in the air, and a large pit appeared on the ground below where the fist wind and sword energy hit.

Sword energy and fist wind overflowed everywhere, and the entire mountain path was filled with violent air currents.

The boy was knocked back a few steps by the huge force, grinned his teeth, shook his numb hands, and cursed: "Hide aside and watch the show, come out and kill him."

Accompanied by his scolding, a few pairs of bone hands popped out from the ground under Zhang Zhi's feet, grabbed his ankle suddenly and dragged him to the ground.

Immediately afterwards, there were countless miserable ghost screams and wails sounded from all directions, like the abyss of the underworld, terrifying and frightening.

"Hmph, a bunch of ghosts and monsters."

Zhang Zhi raised his right hand high, the blade of the sword turned upside down, and suddenly fell downward.

Only a loud bang was heard.

As the tip of the sword pierced the ground, the astonishing sword energy rushed in all directions like waves.

All the spirits and ghosts that touched this invisible sword energy in a radius of tens of miles turned into flying backs and disappeared into the world.

"Go to hell with me."

The boy in black appeared above Zhang Zhi at some point, raised a rock as hard as a hill with one hand, and smashed it down violently.

Zhang Zhi didn't even look at it, and waved his left sleeve casually into the air.

boom!

The boulder was shattered into countless fine stones, which were scattered on the ground like rain.

The boy descended from the sky, clenched his fist with his right hand, and punched Zhang Zhi hard.

Even though the Black Snake had never turned into a flood dragon, it was still a monster. This blow, which contained all its strength, was naturally extraordinary. The air around it began to distort with the wind of the fist, making an ear-piercing sound.

Zhang Zhi's face finally changed slightly, and he flicked the blade with his fingers, and the ancient sword burst out with a sharp sword light, rushing straight from the ground to the sky.

Another full collision of sword energy and fist wind.

The earth shakes and the mountains shake!

There was a deafening sound like thunder between the two.

The blade of the ancient sword was slightly bent, and the boy's right fist was also faintly oozing with blood.

The figure flashed.

Zhang Zhi came to Gu Jian's side, with a hint of sneer at the corner of his mouth, flexed his free left hand, and flicked it lightly on the immature forehead of the boy in black.

The latter flew upside down in an instant, and then slammed fiercely on the mountain wall beside it, covering it with countless smoke, dust and falling rocks.

The boy wailed in pain and walked out from the gravel. The guy in front of him was really too strong.

Zhang Zhi's expression was indifferent, this lifeless snake demon really wanted to die, and when he was about to deal with it first, another terrifying aura burst out from a distance that even made his heart palpitate.

He turned his head suddenly, and saw a handsome man standing on a hill a hundred zhang away from him, and the man was pointing to a sword with his right hand, and the green jade sword exuded a breath of death, and locked him directly.

"Shen Yu!"

Zhang Zhi's eyes and pupils tightened, not only surprised that the other party would appear here, but also the jade sword that was gathering momentum in front of Shen Yu, which made him irresistible.

Zhang Zhi was naturally aware of Shen Yu's endless tricks, so without any hesitation, he frantically formed seals with his hands, urged the ancient sword, and prepared to kill the man with one sword.

boom!

On the rock in front of him, a huge black snake appeared out of thin air, head held high, and it went straight to Zhang Zhi.

Facing such ferocious giant beasts, Zhang Zhi's eyes flashed fiercely, and he made a Dao Jue with his right hand, forcibly changing the trajectory of the ancient sword and pointing at the snake head instead.

The ancient sword hit Xuan Snake's head fiercely like an arrow leaving the string.

It's just that this back and forth took a lot of time, and the power of the jade sword in the distance became stronger and stronger.

Zhang Zhi couldn't rest in anger, and cursed: "You bastard, you dare to collude with the snake monster. It seems that you have a very deep relationship with the monster clan secretly. I will clean up the door for Daozong today!"


Shen Yu's eyes were indifferent, and he recited the law in a low voice, pointing forward with his right hand, and the original breath finally gathered on the three-foot jade sword in front of him.

This is a killing sword, much more murderous than the Jing Qing sword, even if it has not been fully refined, the infinite killing intent is still unstoppable.

When he was on the Motian Cliff in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, Dao Fan recognized that he was using the sword control technique of the Sword Immortal City.

It's just that Shen Yu's realm was low at that time, and he could only use some simple sword control spells.

Seriously speaking, the art of controlling the sword created by that sword fairy is the world's top killing art.

Even Shen Yu, a practitioner who advocates the way of holding a sword, is attracted by this kind of powerful swordsmanship that is almost miraculous.

Three thousand years ago, there were countless ancient monsters who died in the Sword Immortal City with the technique of controlling the sword, as well as true demons of different races!

It's just that thousands of years have passed, and only half of this art of controlling the sword has been passed down in Sword Immortal City, and the other half has been taken away by foreign races.

Shen Yu's figure swayed slightly, and with his current state, he could only barely use a sword with all his spiritual power.

He looked at Zhang Zhi, as if he was looking at a dead person.


In the distance came the sound of violent boulders cracking.

Zhang Zhi was a little distraught, the original plan was to kill Shen Yu boy directly, but now he was entangled by a snake demon.

The short distance of a hundred feet seems to be separated by thousands of miles.

Once again, he sent the snake monster flying, Zhang Zhi said indifferently, "I really don't think so."

There was a burst of black air on the ground, and the black-clothed boy admitted again. At this time, his whole body was covered with blood, and the bone wounds were visible deep all over his body. He half leaned against the mountain wall and spat out a mouthful of blood.

"Go to your mother, don't even try to get past me."

The boy wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and he naturally sensed the domineering and unparalleled arrow in the distance, and cursed fiercely: "I will send you to reincarnation later, and then I will take all the treasures on you!"

Zhang Zhi was a little helpless.

Although the snake demon in front of him is of ordinary realm, but the god of heaven has rough skin and thick flesh, and his body is almost as thick as a spiritual treasure. It is impossible to fight it in a short time, but Shen Yu's strange sword in the distance really makes him palpitate .

call out!

Gu Jian shot at Xiaotong in an instant, Zhang Zhi stepped forward, and rushed towards Shen Yu who was in the distance.

It's a pity that the next moment, a fist containing great power hit his head straight from behind. Zhang Zhi had to turn around to resist, and was hit back to the ground heavily.

The boy in black also fell to the ground rudely. There was a big hole on his left shoulder at some point, and golden blood gushed out differently.

After being blocked several times, Zhang Zhi stepped on his head fiercely, and said with a sneer, "What does he have to do with you? It's worth your hard work for him?"

The boy was stunned when he heard the words, as if he was stumped by this question.

"idiot!"

Zhang Zhi snorted coldly, looked at Shen Yu, pinched Fajue with both hands, and the ancient sword beside him trembled again.

But the next moment, a heart-piercing pain passed through his legs, causing him to let go of his hands instantly.

"what!!!"

Zhang Zhi screamed.

It turned out that the boy in black had bitten his left leg so hard that the bone was deep.

"Little bastard, you are courting death."

Zhang Zhi's eyes were red, he raised his right foot suddenly, and then stepped on it hard.

The boy's entire head was sunk deeply into the ground.

boom! !

There were several trampling sounds.

At the hottest moment, the entire upper body of the boy in black was crushed into the pit.

"I... I'm rich... I went down the mountain and entered the rivers and lakes,... there's no way I'd run away."

Subtle murmurs came intermittently from the ground, "He is the husband I just worshiped. If it's the first time for everyone to run... run away, I... I can't do it!!"

"Love and righteousness, this old man will fulfill you today!"

Zhang Zhi laughed back in anger, the ancient sword flew back into his hand, raised it high, and stabbed the snake demon's head straight.

far away.

Shen Yu's expression was calm from the beginning to the end, until then, his right hand finally moved slightly.


		