

The woman's body fell like a fallen leaf. After drifting with the current for a certain distance, she slowly sank to the bottom of the river.

The man named Zhao Da saw this scene with a dull face, unwilling to believe it.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, just looked at Lu Caiwei and said, "Because of your hesitation, another person died."

The boy laughed strangely, and rushed towards Shen Yu, and suddenly opened his mouth wide, the corners of which even split to the back of his head. Countless scales appeared all over his body, and his extremely sharp teeth were instantly exposed.

Shen Yu looked calm, without the slightest reaction.

Lu Caiwei suddenly shouted: "Go to hell."

A jasper sword shot out from in front of her body, pierced the surrounding air, turned into a white light and went straight to the demon boy's gate of life.

The demon boy's pupils constricted, he didn't expect this seemingly unattractive woman to have such an ultimate move, stretched out her hands, and a cyan light curtain of demonic power appeared in front of her.

The jade sword collided with the light curtain, making an ear-piercing friction sound.

Lu Caiwei roared: "Break!"

Afterwards, the cyan light curtain cracked countless cracks in an instant, only the sound of shattering was heard, and then collapsed in an instant.

The jade sword remained undiminished, and stabbed straight at the demon boy's chest, and there was a sound of gold and iron colliding. The latter was not pierced by the jade sword, but instead flew upside down and fell into the river with its strength.

Lu Caiwei withdrew her right hand, a little surprised, as if she didn't expect the power of her sword to be so powerful.

Shen Yu looked at the water.

It exploded with a bang.

The figure of the demon boy jumped back to the shore.

Its chest was drenched with blood, its face was covered with thick scales, it bared its teeth, and it blew out a lot of sticky saliva, which was very frightening.

Shen Yu said, "What are you waiting for?"

When Lu Caiwei heard the words, she subconsciously used the jade sword, pinched the sword formula with her right hand, and the jade sword stabbed out again.

"Do not!"

Zhao Da, who had been dazed for a long time, let out a sound of panic, and saw him striding up to the monster whose human form could no longer be seen, with his hands spread out, as if he was going to block the sword with his body.

Lu Caiwei turned the sword formula in a panic, and the jade sword stopped three feet in front of the man.

Lu Caiwei yelled angrily: "What are you doing, he has turned into a monster."

Zhao Da was full of anger, and said resentfully: "You are all bad people, if it weren't for you, why would my wife die and my child become like this, it's all because of you..."

Zhao Da turned around, suddenly showed a kind smile, and murmured: "Zhener, hurry up, eat them all, as long as you eat them, everything will be fine."

Shen Yu said: "The evil spirit has entered the body, and I have lost my mind."

Lu Caiwei looked complicated.

She suddenly yelled, "Get out of here."

I saw the monster with a fish face and a human body suddenly opened its mouth wide from behind. In the next moment, Zhao Da's body from the waist up was bitten off by the monster and swallowed into his belly. Blood splashed everywhere, leaving only two legs on the ground. , The horror is inexplicable.

Lu Caiwei had never seen this scene before, she suddenly covered her mouth, and retched the next moment.

The demon boy raised his head to the sky and roared angrily, taking this opportunity to rush towards him suddenly.

Shen Yu didn't even raise her eyes, as if she really planned to stand by and watch.

Seeing his indifferent demeanor, Lu Caiwei bit her lip tightly, developed a sword art with her right hand, and pointed forward.

The jade sword flew out again, turning into a light curtain to block the figure of the monster.

thump!

The wooden bridge on the ferry blew up big holes one after another, and the river suddenly rose.

Lu Caiwei flicked out the sword without any rules at all, but relying on the jade sword itself, she fought against the monster forcefully, regardless of the outcome.

Shen Yu watched this scene from the side, thinking that the level of this monster is not high, if Li Fugui estimated that it would be wiped out with just one punch, the reason why he is notorious is because he is too cunning.

Who would have thought that after a child ate the demon pill, his biological parents would be willing to help hide it.

Lu Caiwei looked serious and kept waving her sword fingers. At this time, she had gradually gained the upper hand.

In the end, with a shout, the jade sword was inserted into the monster's shoulder, and then firmly nailed the monster to the wooden stake.

Lu Caiwei was about to end its life with a sword, only to see that the monster's appearance changed, turning into that innocent child again.

"Help me, sister!"

The child burst into tears, looked uneasy, and was indescribably pitiful.

Lu Caiwei's hands stopped slightly, and she looked at Shen Yu.

Shen Yu just stood on the bank with his hands behind his back, looking at the Taotao river, not knowing what he was thinking.

"Sister, I'm still young, I don't want to die, save me, save me..."

The child was still crying and begging.

Lu Caiwei walked over, and the jade sword on the opponent's shoulder flew out of its body.

The woman who had just experienced the first life-and-death battle in her life said softly: "Don't be afraid, I will soon..."

boom!

A foot away from him, the previously cute and pitiful child suddenly burst out with endless hostility in his eyes, and rushed towards him like a tiger descending a mountain. ,

It's just that its figure suddenly froze in mid-air, and its face was full of puzzlement.

A jade sword pierced directly through its chest, this time without the slightest hesitation, the sword pierced through its heart.

Lu Caiwei slowly released the sword formula on her right hand.

The monster crashed to the ground.

Seeing this scene, Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly, as if a little surprised.

"Don't look at me like that."

Lu Caiwei said lightly: "You said long ago that this child is dead, and I'm not stupid."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "Not bad."

This can be said to be the first time Shen Yu expressed affirmation to her, and it was also the first time she succeeded in eliminating demons, but Lu Caiwei did not have the slightest joy and said, "Why?"

Shen Yu looked at her.

"You did it on purpose. You already knew that this child had eaten the demon pill, otherwise you wouldn't deliberately live in their house, but why couldn't you just tell me that you have to waste so long time, otherwise you can save two deaths." personal."

Suddenly her eyes turned red, and she said, "Is human life so worthless in your eyes?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Yes."

There was no hesitation in the words, and the tone was very casual.

"You, you... you're an asshole."

Lu Caiwei clenched her fists suddenly, with tears in her eyes, she turned and left.

Shen Yu didn't stop her, but turned her head and continued to look at the Canglan River in front of her.

A red shadow flashed between the brows, and Qi Ling Jingqing, who hadn't seen him for a long time, came out.

"What on earth are you doing this for?" Jing Qing's illusory figure stood side by side with Shen Yu.

Shen Yu shook her head and said: "Originally the three of them were going to die, and she did it herself, but I didn't expect this little demon to solve the problem for her."

Jing Qing was taken aback for a moment, and then said: "What is the purpose of this? Let her clearly recognize the truth of the world, and no longer have any unrealistic fantasies about cultivation?"

Shen Yu smiled and said: "She has a lot of kindness towards this world, she is very naive and stupid, which is something that many people don't have."

Jing Qing asked, "So, it's not good?"

"Do not."

Shen Yu looked into the distance and said with emotion: "This is simply the best thing."


		