

As far as Shen Yu could see, the entire sky of Qianliu City seemed to have been split open alive.

In the distance, two unrivaled, shapeless saber airs are hitting towards the round platform in the sky one after another.

Even though it was far away, there seemed to be a whistling wind blowing in my ears, and thunder exploded.

If it is said that the previous knife was done by Li Moran at will, then the current two knife can be regarded as the opponent's intention to kill.

Shen Yu looked serious.

The Dongzhen Realm can be called a god in the common people, with a sword for thousands of miles, and the Dao will return to the truth, but it is still too far behind to meet the real gods of the upper three realms.

Any cultivator in the world who can step into the upper three realms can be regarded as the great power to establish a sect in the realm of practice.

Not to mention this Dao Immortal who entered Taoism with a sword and became one of the masters of the Dao.

Rumble!

At the end of the sword energy, countless dead branches and dead trees rose with the wind, and then instantly turned into annihilated dust.

A few sober men exclaimed in desperate voices.

Because of the sword fairy's second knife, a huge tornado knife wind formed by the knife gas was formed outside Qianliu City thousands of miles away.

The tornado hovered, rushing towards the face with a destructive aura, the ground trembled like a cow turning over, and the whole city seemed vulnerable under the tornado.

this moment.

The great supernatural powers of the great practitioners in the world's three realms, which are capable of destroying cities and seas, are fully displayed in front of everyone at this moment.


During the first collision before, Shen Yu suffered some internal injuries, and his breath and spiritual power kept rolling.

But his expression was calm.

From the time he was born in this life to what happened in the Shen family's old house, he had repeatedly told himself in his heart that if he didn't have the strength and cultivation he used to have, if he still maintained the mentality that he used to have his eyes above the top, if he was not careful, he would really be killed. will die.

But he did it anyway.

Life-and-death tempering under strong oppression is the fastest way to improve one's realm.

And just like before, he has tried many times similar to the method of seeking death in an unreasonable way for practitioners in the real world to resist the upper three realms.

But the more important point is that the distance between the two is too far, tens of thousands of miles away.

At this distance, even for that sword fairy, the three swords with such sword intent should be the limit, and when these three swords reach here, there will inevitably be unavoidable weakening and influence.

Shen Yu whispered softly: "Go!"

Jing Qingjian disappeared in his hand.

In the next breath, the wooden sword turned into a meteor and hit in front of the tornado.

boom!

A violent air wave came, and there was a sharp piercing sound in the air, which was extremely unpleasant.

The wooden sword collided with the tornado, and countless brilliant sparks and lightning flashes were produced between the two.

After a while, the wooden sword began to bend and tremble, as if unable to bear it, the tornado continued to move towards the platform.

Shen Yu took a light step forward, and her figure appeared high above the sky.

He gripped the wooden sword, twisting his wrist slightly.

The horizontal sword is in front.

Blocking is also the most common and simplest move in the world.

But then, there was only a bang, and the rampant Daofeng Tornado seemed to hit a high wall, unable to move forward for half a minute.


Seeing this scene, all the sober people were shocked and speechless.

That kid actually blocked a blow from the legendary sword fairy.

More importantly, he seems to be exceptionally comfortable.

what happened?


Shen Yu held the sword horizontally with his right hand, and held his left hand behind his back. He took the second knife lightly, but still frowned.

All Taoism, swordsmanship, and supernatural powers in the world are divided into three classes.

High-level words mean, middle-level words have power, and low-level words form.

If the opponent is purely suppressed by the state, and pours all the saber intent into the aura, just like the first knife, he will be very difficult to resist.

But I don't know why the opponent chose this method, converting all the spiritual power saber gestures into this seemingly powerful but incomparably illusory low-level.

It's too stupid, too stupid, and unreasonable to ignore the basics.

What's more, what Shen Yu is best at is to find the weak points of all things in the world, and then break them with one blow.

This is something Shen Yu was born with.

Shen Yu Hengjian was in front of him, and then he stretched out his left hand, his fingertips were shining with stars, and then lightly tapped somewhere in the wind of the tornado.

"break!"

The young man spoke in a calm voice.

Immediately afterwards, pleasant notes sounded, as if the perennial smog had finally dissipated, and it seemed to be the lightness of the summer breeze.

There was a bang of the tornado filled with saber intent.

It collapsed in an instant.


There is a breath of calm in the sky.

In that breath, Shen Yu's calm black pupils flashed a trace of surprise, then became enlightened, and finally returned to indifference.

He quietly looked in front of him.

According to common sense, after the second knife is over, the next step should be to concentrate on resisting the third knife of the sword fairy.

The ending is indeed like this, but the process is a bit unexpected.

Because after the tornado aura dissipated, Shen Yu saw the center of the vortex.

There should have been nothing there, but at this moment there was a small knife that didn't emit any momentum, the size of a palm, and it emitted a faint white light.

It turned out that the third knife of the woman's real fairy was contained in the tornado storm.

Quietly, but extremely terrifying.

The second cut is to cover up, and the third cut is to kill.

No one thought that the true fairy woman would use such a very insidious and even undervalued method on a junior.

It's just that no one will blame anything at this time.

Shen Yu made that action again.

The horizontal sword is on the chest.

Not because there is no other way to resist, but because there is no time to react.

Even if he is Shen Yu.

next breath.

The sky and the earth were radiant, and wisps of saber intent majesticly emerged from the silver knife, filling the entire sky and earth.

Knife began to charge forward.

He bumped into the wooden sword that Shen Yu was blocking in front of him, and then pressed against Shen Yu's chest through the wooden sword.

Like a shooting star passing by.

Shen Yu's body began to fly backwards, smashing into the sea of ​​clouds in the sky, smashing high-rise buildings, and smashing the roads in the city.

Wherever Shen Yu stepped back, all the houses and buildings on the ground under his feet were exploded and shattered, and there was a gap of tens of feet in the center of the central avenue in the city.

The sword intent became more turbulent, filling the world, as if it was immortal.

Shen Yu's figure didn't show the slightest sign of stopping. She was blown out of Qianliu City by a single knife, and disappeared into the sky in an instant.


		