

Shang Yingluo's eyes lit up when she heard these words, although she didn't quite understand, she still felt very powerful.

The little girl didn't think this guy was annoying, and even had a sense of intimacy.

"what's your name."

"Shen Yu."

"Then what are you doing now?"

"Find a spirit treasure."

"Looking for Lingbao?"

Shang Yingluo followed his line of sight, but couldn't see anything clearly because of the clouds and mountains.

The little girl thought for a while, as if she remembered something, she pointed to the sea of ​​clouds in the distance and said, "I heard that there is a Fenbao Cliff in Taoism, and there are many magic treasures in it."

Shen Yu didn't speak any more, her mind had already wandered out.

In the deepest part of Yunshan Mountain, a thousand-zhang mountain peak blows a wisp of breeze.

Countless spiritual treasures scattered around the mountain peak felt the faint breath and shook together.

On the Fenbao Cliff, the magical treasure that had been silent for hundreds of years spewed out countless fresh qi. They were constantly entangled and fused, and finally formed a thick and long river of aura.

Such a shocking and magnificent picture, but no one can see it.

With a soft sigh, the countless magic weapons stopped trembling, the long river of spiritual energy slowly dissipated, and the mountain peak began to return to calm.

Everything seems to have never happened.


The little girl saw Shen Yu slowly opened her eyes, looking tired.

"Have you found the Lingbao?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "Not yet, let's go in when I have a chance in the future."

"Oh."

The little girl was simple-minded and didn't realize the hidden meaning behind this sentence, so she said, "I'll help you find it in the future, can you not tell my secret?"

Shen Yu looked at her and said, "Why did you come to Daozong?"

Shang Yingluo looked around and said in a low voice, "I'm here to learn Taoism. I have a Taoism book at home, but no one can understand it."

"Learn the Tao and read books?"

A flash of memory flashed in Shen Yu's eyes. Many years ago, there was also a little girl holding a thick Taoist book and said similar things.

Looking at the little girl's hopeful eyes, touched the soft place in my heart, then rubbed her head, and said, "Okay."

When the man withdrew his hand, the little girl jumped up, pouted and muttered: "If you touch someone's head, you won't grow taller."

Shen Yu ignored the innocence of these little girls, looked at the mountainside square, the figures gradually dispersed, and it was almost time, so she got up and went back the same way.

Shang Yingluo followed behind, bouncing around, and asked, "Shen Yu, where are you going?"

"Go to the test."

Shang Yingluo's eyes widened, and she said, "I thought you were the most powerful person in Taoism."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "It's my first time here."

Shang Yingluo was a little worried, and asked, "Shen Yu, can you survive?"

She found that this man didn't have any mana fluctuations, he was an ordinary boy who couldn't be more ordinary.

Shen Yu didn't speak.


"Why are you here now?"

Ming Jian was a little unhappy looking at this young man who had just come here now.

The boys and girls around the water pavilion had already dispersed, and he had been waiting here.

Shen Yu replied: "It's a bit boring, so I went to look elsewhere."

A little bored?

Mingjian heard this sentence, and seeing the young man's casual appearance, his face suddenly became a little ugly.

Which one of the disciples who wanted to join Daozong didn't wait respectfully in the square, for fear of missing this opportunity.

When I came here for the first time, I was full of expectations and apprehensions, and I had no intention of looking at other places at all.

And this guy in front of him actually said annoying words like a little boring, which is really annoying.

Mingjian was about to reprimand him, but when he saw the little girl behind him, his face softened a little, and he asked, "Is he your friend?"

Shang Yingluo nodded quickly.

Mingjian let out a cry, suppressed his unhappiness, and said lightly to the young man, "Go to Ask Xinjing, and test your Dao body."

Asking the state of mind is the simple bronze mirror on the stone platform.

He wanted to see how talented this careless young man was.

If the four Taoist bodies of Heaven, Earth, Xuanhuang, and Yellow cannot even reach the Xuan level Taoist body, I don't know if this young man named Shen Yu can still be so calm.

Shen Yu didn't know what Mingjian was thinking, and didn't care about his thoughts at all, just walked up to the stone platform.

Shang Yingluo looked curious.

Standing beside Wen Xinjing on the stone platform, the handsome young man gently stretched out his right hand in the air, but suddenly stopped, frowning slightly, as if hesitating, and his eyes flashed some worry.

Mingjian looked at this scene with some disdain, it seemed that this person was another playboy with no real skills and eyes above his head.

A person who cultivates the Tao, without the indomitable heart, how can he break through countless catastrophes.

But soon, Shen Yu turned his back to the two of them, and slowly placed his right hand on the copper realm.

A tiny chirping sound came from the bronze mirror, and then a blue light pierced into the sky.

A blue light appeared for the second time.

The little girl looked excited and clenched her two pink fists.

Mingjian looked solemn, and looked at the young man in blue in disbelief.

The blue light is the talent of the earth-level Taoist body.

But this kind of dao body is nothing. These days, several disciples with this physique have appeared one after another, and even one of the heavenly dao bodies has appeared.

What is unbelievable is that chirping sound, which is a characteristic of Dao Xin's transparency, which can make the spiritual treasure of Wen Xinjing emit the sound of Dao.

Even Shang Yingluo, who is a celestial Taoist body, did not arouse it to resonate.

Shen Yu sank down, seemed to be satisfied with the result, turned and left the stone platform.

"You're lying."

Shang Yingluo followed all the way, with her hands behind her back, with a look of "I see through everything".

Shen Yu smiled without explaining.

The method of using spiritual treasures to test people's cultivation aptitude only started in that era. Back then, a sect missed a real genius because of this reason.

Lingbao is a dead thing with many flaws.

Among the mountains and seas, there are too many strong people, and their cultivation qualifications are not high.

The biggest loophole is that the Spiritual Treasure like Wen Mood can't bear his spiritual thoughts.

If he poured all his mind into it, I am afraid that this spirit treasure will be shattered and turned into nothingness.

Because above the fourth level of Tiandi Xuanhuang, there is another realm.

Congenital body.


		