

Tens of feet away, the skirt of the woman in the green shirt floated slightly, and the fine dirt and leaves on the ground began to tremble.

Shen Yu looked calm, and asked indifferently: "Why did you take the shot until now?"

"I have carefully checked Junior Brother Yang's wound, so I know you are very strong."

The woman in the green shirt continued: "Additionally, the astonishingly powerful fairy sword when you shot it, it is very similar to the sword cultivator in the northern holy land of Sword Fairy City."

Shen Yu said: "You are very smart."

"If I want to kill you, no one here will know, but let other people, such as my master know, maybe they will let you go because of your background."

The woman said indifferently: "That's why I chose to shoot here."

Shen Yu smiled and said: "Not bad, the scenery here is picturesque."

next breath.

The woman in the green shirt took a step, and the distance of tens of feet came in an instant.

Because the speed was too fast, there was actually the sound of air crackling, and a long green line suddenly appeared between the two of them.

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly, but she didn't expect that the woman in front of her was not a practitioner, but a real and powerful martial artist.

There was only a bang.

The woman in the green shirt flexed her fingers into claws, and pressed heavily on Shen Yu's right arm in front of her body. The ground of the mountain road where the latter was standing was instantly shattered and sunken into a big pit.

Shen Yu looked calm, and murmured: "Sword up!"

The sword of jasper flew out from the sleeve.

After he entered Guiyun Immortal Sect, he recalled the blood-drinking sword.

The woman in the green shirt had no expression on her face, and pushed forward with her left palm, which contained all the spiritual power in her body, and a more violent wave of air broke out between the two of them, abruptly blocking the jade sword's attack.

The woman's movements did not stop, and after blocking the blow, she instantly turned her palm into a fist, and slammed heavily towards Shen Yu's head.

Shen Yu's footsteps moved, she dodged lightly, and lightly pointed her finger at the center of her eyebrows.

Quietly, but straight to the heart.

For some reason, the woman in the green shirt felt a sense of fear that she had never felt before. She tapped her toes and retreated tens of feet rapidly.

Shen Yu looked indifferent and waved his big sleeve.

The jade slip persevered and flew towards the counterattack, like an arrow leaving the string, it covered a distance of tens of feet in the blink of an eye.

Yun Qing's lips whispered softly, and her hands changed continuously.

The aura between heaven and earth condensed a thick light curtain in front of her.

"break!"

Shen Yu's face did not change, and he turned his right hand to make a decision.

The sword energy of the jade slips soared, coming to the world like a comet.


Flutter.

The light curtain condensed with spiritual power instantly shattered.

Yu Jian continued to move forward.

overwhelming.

At the critical moment of life and death, a misty white light suddenly appeared in Yun Qing's eyes.

Instantly illuminated the entire mountain peak.

But under this kind of bright light, the majestic sword energy that originally surrounded Feijian's body suddenly disappeared between the sky and the earth, and there was no longer any threat.

Yun Qing was filled with an ethereal and powerful aura, and he gently pointed forward with both hands.

A crystal clear drop of water appeared on her fingertip.

That is the purest spiritual power in the world.

The drops of water emitted a strange light, and then gradually grew larger, forming a ball that emitted the white mist after a while.

Shen Yu looked a little serious.

The green hair of the woman in the green shirt fluttered, her eyes shone brightly, and she shouted, "Go!"

A white beam of light shot out from her fingertips.

If someone looked from a distance, they would see that the gloomy Luoxian Peak was instantly illuminated by white light.

Boom!

There seemed to be a huge gap between heaven and earth.

Fortunately, the location of Luoxian Peak is extremely remote, and no one saw this shocking scene.

In the middle of the field, the woman quietly looked in front of her eyes.

The shattered ground, the towering ancient trees broken down the middle, smoke and dust everywhere, and the entire mountain was in a mess.

But she suddenly frowned slightly.

Because a wooden sword with blood-colored light appeared in the air, and then that delicate figure walked out of the dust unharmed.

"So you are from Daozong."

Yun Qing looked a little complicated, and said: "The Taoist is actually a swordsman, and you are Shen Yu."

Shen Yu still didn't intend to do anything, and said: "It seems that you know me."

The eyes of the woman in the green shirt returned to normal, her spirit power dissipated, and she said calmly: "The performance of the Four Palaces, the old house of the Shen family, the battle at Motianya, the green shirt, and the wooden sword, these have already been spread all over the world."

Shen Yu glanced at her and said, "Still beating?"

The woman said directly: "I want to make a deal with you."

Shen Yu said: "I remember that you seemed to come to kill me."

"I can't beat it."

Yun Qing said lightly: "I won't waste time on useless things, besides, this matter is very simple for you."

Shen Yu asked, "Why should I promise you?"

"You talk so much nonsense to me, you just want to give that woman on the top of the mountain more time."

Yun Qing looked at the peak and said: "I probably already know the purpose of your coming here. If you promise me, I can let that girl stay at the peak for a few more days to accompany her master, and I will also tell you a thank you. The secret of interest."

Shen Yu pondered for a while and said, "What if I don't agree?"

Yun Qing said: "In less than a while, all the experts from the Yunxian Sect will come here."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

If he announces Daozong's name in public, I believe it will be fine.

Just do it, some drop in price.

"It seems you know me well."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Let's talk about it."


Moon Star Rare.

The waning moon hangs high on the branches.

On the flat ground between the waists of the peaks, beside a somewhat crude solitary grave, stood a young girl.

She looked dejected, and there were two tear stains on her cheeks.

Shen Yu came to her side.

Lu Caiwei wiped her face casually and said, "Are you leaving?"

Shen Yu looked at the tombstone with Qu Zheng's name on it, but didn't speak.

All creatures in the world, no matter how powerful they are in front of them, will eventually turn into a pile of dust after death. Whether they are three religions, nine streams, immortals, or emperors, it is fair.

Shen Yu said: "Would you be willing to sacrifice so many things just to come here to have a look, is it worth it?"

Lu Caiwei hummed without hesitation.

Shen Yu said: "It's hard to come here, so let's stay a few more days."

Lu Caiwei turned her head, uncertain: "Is it possible?"

Shen Yu nodded, looked at the tombstone and said, "Tell me about him."

The woman tonight is not as savage as before.

Next, Lu Caiwei sat beside the mound, talking about many things in the past in detail.

Most of them are trivial matters, but her eyes are surprisingly commanding.

Shen Yu just stood aside and listened silently, without saying a word from the beginning to the end.

After a long time, Lu Caiwei suddenly stopped talking.

Shen Yu looked at her.

"Did something happen?" Lu Caiwei asked sharply.

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "No."

Lu Caiwei looked at Shen Yu's face suspiciously, but found nothing unusual, and sighed helplessly.

Shen Yu said casually: "What if he didn't die in seclusion?"

Lu Caiwei's face paled instantly.

It is not a normal military solution and fall, naturally there is a possibility.

Shen Yu suddenly smiled and said, "Silly girl, I lied to you."

Lu Caiwei gave him a kick and scolded, "I'm sick."

Shen Yu looked indifferently, looked at the sky and said, "I have something to go out tomorrow, so you stay here."

Lu Caiwei asked curiously, "Where are you going?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Being a thug for others."


		