

On the fifteenth day of the ship's voyage to the Unrestrained Sea, the weather ushered in a significant change.

The sea began to churn continuously.

In the sky, black clouds like ink were densely covered in clusters, the aura dissipated, and the cold and frightening cold wind penetrated people's heart and spleen.

They are about to approach the location of the ghosts. Although the ship itself has the function of resisting evil spirits and isolating resentment, most people still choose to stay in the residence on the ship to rest their minds.

Even if he wasn't bewitched by the ghost, it would be extremely troublesome to let that hostile energy enter the spiritual sea in his body.

There was no noise in the boat from the previous few days, so Shen Yu came out and stood at the bow, quietly watching the turbulent sea.

The sound of the waves kept coming, and the entire sea surface seemed to be stained with a layer of ink, exuding a chilling atmosphere.

There weren't many people on the bow, but there were a few more.

And these people, without exception, are people who have great confidence in their own cultivation.

There were four people standing tens of feet away to Shen Yu's left.

A middle-aged couple with a child.

Shen Yu could vaguely recognize from their clothes that they were disciples of Zhongzhou Laojunguan.

Laojun Guan can be regarded as an upper-middle practice sect in Zhongzhou. Because of its excellent relationship with Taoism, it is quite prestigious in the practice circle.

But it was not them who caught Shen Yu's attention, but the two children behind them.

The girl is carved with jade, wearing a green dress, pure and pure.

Looking at the sea water with big star-like eyes, there was a hint of resistance.

The little boy has a handsome face and is a little younger in grade, hiding behind his younger sister.

Different from his elder sister, the little boy looked at the sea water with a natural closeness in his eyes.

Shen Yu glanced at it, a little surprised.

It turned out to be a rare water and fire spirit body.

This kind of aptitude is extremely rare. Although it is not comparable to the famous first-class Dao body sword embryo in the world, if you practice Kunlun's five elements, you will definitely get twice the result with half the effort.

It's a pity that judging from the situation, the parents of the two people seem to have not known the talent of their children, and the two have not even practiced.

As for how to know the origin of the other party, it is still thanks to Su Mo's nagging. Every time the latter meets someone in the boat these days, he will come to chat with him.

Most of the people sent by the Nine Holy Lands were not on this boat. The only interesting thing was that Su Mo told him that he had met people from Liuboshan's generation.

It's on the ninth floor of this ship.

Shen Yu didn't have any thoughts, but keenly noticed the playful smile on the corner of Su Mo's mouth when he said these words.

A flash of lightning flashed across the sky.

Suddenly, there was no sign.

An empty and strange singing sounded from a distance, and the roiling sea calmed down abnormally.

The fog ahead began to lift.

A desolate atmosphere rushed over.

Shen Yu raised her eyes and looked into the distance.

Su Mo also happened to walk out of the cabin at this time and came to Shen Yu's side.

As far as the two of them could see, a black shadow appeared above the distant sea level.

Looking from a distance, the black shadow was extremely tall, its legs and feet were submerged in the sea water, but its head had already protruded into the clouds.

The strange thing is that under the mist, the black shadow is actually not very towering, and even a little thin, vaguely looking like a woman's figure.

The sea ship began to emit a faint golden light.

"Fellow daoists, if you have nothing to do, please return to your residence as soon as possible."

A thick old man's voice sounded from the top of the ninth floor.

Shen Yu and Su Mo ignored it.

At the same time, some people came out on purpose, most of them were old men with a strong aura.

Seeing this scene, the couple, who were planning to go back to the cabin, stopped. They seemed to have gained confidence. In addition, the two children were crying to see the ghost, so they stopped by chance.

next moment.

There is silence between heaven and earth.

A rippling ripple silently permeated the entire ship.

Most of the breath was resisted, but a small part still penetrated in.

Immediately afterwards, a faint singing sounded in everyone's ears.

Everyone on the bow closed their eyes at the same time.

weird.

silence.

The singing in the air became louder and louder, and the black shadow on the horizon became more and more hazy.

At some point, a sea-blue mirror surface appeared in front of the ship, which was round in shape, and the center of the mirror contained the same misty fog as the surrounding area.

At the beginning, some people's faces gradually became distorted, some people frowned, and some people hummed slightly.

Whether you close your eyes or not, or look or not, the mirror is there.

"This is the ghost's telepathy."

With his hands behind his back, Su Mo didn't seem to be affected at all, and said lightly: "The difficulty of cultivation lies in the heart, and the demons just exist in the heart, which is like a mirror reflecting the heart, and the dark and violent side of oneself is reflected in the mirror. If you magnify it thousands of times, you will go crazy if you are not careful, so people in the practice pay attention to being too ruthless, and this is the reason."

Shen Yu nodded in agreement.

The fog on the mirror surface dissipated, and various things began to slowly evolve.

For those who are illuminated by the mirror, what is in their hearts will appear in the mirror.

Shen Yu silently looked at the mirror, which may be a person, an object, or a tree.

The troubles in the world are like black hairs on the head, they are constantly cut, and the reason is still chaotic.

Immediately afterwards, the light from the mirror shone on the couple and the children.

The contents inside are very strange.

The demon of the boys and girls is the middle-aged man beside them.

The man was haggard, holding the wine jar in his left hand. In an ethereal and solemn palace, his right index finger was stretched out, his lips were trembling, and he was swearing at the family, even punching and kicking.

He has no temperament at all, just like the people in the market.

In the heart of the middle-aged woman, there is a man in robes facing the wind in a jade tree, whose face is very different from the person sleeping beside him.

And that middle-aged man's heart is a piece of clothing, and Shen Yu can vaguely guess that it is a Taoist robe that Laojun Guanzhu can only wear.

The family seems to be happy, but in fact they seem to be in harmony with each other, and they are distracted.

The light from the mirror finally converged on Su Mo's body slowly.

Shen Yu raised her eyes, as if she had finally become interested.

The air stagnates suddenly.

The fog on the mirror surface began to circle, then dispersed, and repeated again and again, as if something incomprehensible had been encountered.

Not long after, the mirror surface began to glow faintly, and everything disappeared.

Finally saw the true face.


Shen Yu clicked his tongue twice, looking a little abrupt on the quiet giant ship.

In fact, anyone who sees this picture will be shocked.

Because the ghost's mind and eyes are through the mirror.

full of light.

Holy, clean, and....empty.

Nothing to think about, nothing to hold on to, this is the necessary standard for the Taoist to ascend to immortality.

To a certain extent, Taishang Wangqing also has this meaning, and even Shen Yu can't be as clean and pure as Su Mo is now.

There is a big difference between having a lot and having a little bit, but there is a world of difference between having and having nothing.

Dao produces one, life two, the starting point is to reproduce this so-called 'one', which is the real gap between existence and non-existence.

So it's a pretty remarkable thing.

Su Mo didn't seem to care about this matter at all, and said with a smile: "In the past, there have often been geniuses who came here to experience disasters, and some even wanted to get rid of this innocent soul born from heaven and earth. I don't think this time it will Will there be someone?"

Shen Yu said calmly: 'There will always be a few fools. '

As soon as the words fell, a blazing rainbow light surged towards the black shadow on the sea level from the ninth floor of the ship, illuminating the world like a divine soldier born from the world.

next moment.

The surface of the water in the distance rumbled, and a large amount of sea water transpired into mist. Wherever the light went, it slowly moved tens of feet outward from the middle.


		