

A ray of sky.

Kou Wang's figure was fighting with the female ghost.

Facing this kind of evil ghost, the old man who had just entered the Dao realm could hardly even touch her body.

Kou Wang's flying knife-shaped magic weapon has nine handles, and nine white lights are spinning around the headless female ghost. Look at it, but it doesn't fall behind.

Jiang Jianghu's whole body was tense, holding a long knife to deal with the will-o'-the-wisps behind, trying his best to protect the carriage.

It's just that as time passed, the female ghost who had practiced for a hundred years gradually gained the upper hand, and the screams of the miserable ghost kept echoing around. She was not in a hurry, but slowly consumed the old man's spiritual power.

As long as they don't leave the sky, relying on the fog, there is only one dead end.

A quarter of an hour later, the female ghost found the right timing. When Kou Wang's spiritual power was transformed, she moved instantly, and then stepped on the old man's chest fiercely with her right foot.

The female ghost did not continue to chase, but just stood there quietly, the blood on her neck was still gushing out like spring water, it was eerie.

Caiwei, who was secretly watching the battle in the cracks of the carriage, frowned, and the "Miss" behind her, who was the maidservant, shrank tightly in the corner in fright, her face was pale, and she said in a trembling voice, "Miss?"

"To shut up!"

Caiwei scolded softly, but her palms were also covered with sweat, obviously her heart was not as calm as she showed.

Jiang Jianghu was standing next to the carriage, his eyes flickered when he saw this scene.

He secretly made up his mind that if the old guy couldn't resist, he would just leave the two of them behind and flee quickly. If he was lucky, he might be able to get out alive.

Compared with his own life, a Juli pill is more important. He who has been walking mountains and rivers all year round naturally knows how to choose.

The ghostly aura on the female ghost became more and more intense.

Kou Wang couldn't suppress the injuries in his body and fell to his knees. Naturally, he knew that he was in a desperate situation, and a stern look flashed in his eyes, as if he had made up his mind, and his spiritual power suddenly surged.

Just at this moment, there was a roar like thunder from a distance, and the surging monster energy rushed to the middle of this narrow mountain road in an instant.

"roll."

The voice was thick and thick, like thunder.

The ghostly headless female ghost's figure froze immediately, and then turned around without a moment's hesitation and drifted towards the depths of the mountain forest, followed by the ghostly fire floating in the sky.

Flee in a hurry.

Kou Wang felt the evil spirit, and his heart was even more shocked. He jumped into the carriage in horror, and shouted anxiously: "Go!"

Jiang Jianghu followed closely behind, driving the second carriage forward frantically.


After shouting from a remote mountain, the boy in black asked in confusion when he saw two carriages leaving in a hurry, "Sir, aren't we going with them?"

Shen Yu said: "From Zhongzhou to Dongzu Prefecture, there is a small town that must pass through. Let's find them there."

Shen Yu just didn't want to be too sudden.

If not only a mortal is unscathed in this line of sky, but also a child of unknown origin is added, it will definitely make Kou Wang and others suspicious and alert.

And along the way, he also wanted to sacrifice that jade sword, the jade sword spirit treasure that contained the aura of a great practitioner in the fairyland was extremely precious.

However, these are not the main reasons.

"Wealthy."

Shen Yu spoke suddenly.

The little boy looked at Shen Yu nervously, and asked in a low voice: "Sir, what's the matter? I can go to it if I have something to do...but the baby in the ring is at most seven or three points."

Shen Yu looked at him.

Ai Ai, who was a child, said aggrievedly: "Then... half of each person is fine, there can't be more."

Shen Yu asked: "Have you ever killed someone?"

The little boy was stunned when he heard this, and then shook his head.

In the past thousand years, most of the unlucky people who passed by in the mountains were scared to death by the ghosts and spirits in the sky, and it has never killed anyone.

Shen Yu nodded and said, "A little trouble is coming, you want to help me kill together now."

The little boy asked curiously, "Who did you kill?"

Shen Yu looked into the darkness in the distance, and said lightly: "A person who likes to make trouble."

"Excellent?"

"A great cultivator in the late stage or even the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary."

"Ahem..."

The little boy looked at Shen Yu and said seriously: "Sir, I think it's better to talk about it, it doesn't have to be killing and killing."

"Well, yes."

Shen Yu said lightly: "It's a pity that those treasures on him, I remember there is still a ring."

"Sir, kill him."

A mighty shout rang out.

The boy in black stood with his chest straight, and said with a serious face, "If you dare to trouble your husband, you will trouble me with my wealth. There is no need to discuss this matter."

The momentum changed suddenly, and the little boy suddenly asked in a low voice: "Can you give me the treasure on that man?"

Shen Yu glanced at him and said, "I think your rich name is a bit rustic, why don't you change it?"

The little boy chuckled and said, "What?"

Shen Yu thought for a while and said, "Shen Zhaocai? Or Li Fugui is also fine."

silence.

The boy in black hesitated for a long time and said, "Sir, you don't read much."


In the depths of the sky where there are few people, as the boy yelled, countless spirits and ghosts gathered in front of him.

The little boy is like an emperor, standing on a raised rock, overlooking many ghosts and ghosts, with a majestic aura.

"Listen, we are about to have a powerful enemy coming."

"So, I summoned all of you to gather the power of all... ghosts, kill him, and steal his treasure...cough."

"After this incident is over, I will follow the husband I just met to travel around the world, so this time is the last time I will fight side by side with you."

As soon as the words fell, there was a sound of sobbing and crying in the field.

Standing on a green pine branch, Shen Yu was a little surprised at the little guy's popularity...the ghost relationship is really good.

"Your Majesty...he is about to leave at last, God is so pitiful."

"Finally, there is no oppression in Yixiantian, and the long-lost freedom is back."

"Yes, we must be desperate, and then let it go."

"Together, let's do our best to kill the guy who came here."

Shen Yu was dumbfounded when she heard the words, and made a hasty assertion.

He slowly restrained his expression, held the jade sword he had just obtained in his hand, and then lightly touched the sword with the tip of his right finger.

A drop of blood quietly melted into the blade.

in an instant.

The jade sword began to lose a faint blood-colored light, trembling uncontrollably, a vast sword energy capable of piercing everything in the world emerged in an instant, as if it would pierce the sky in the next moment.

With a calm expression, Shen Yu let the sword energy soar into the sky, grasped the hilt of the sword with his right hand, and drew several talismans in the air.

"Definitely!" Shen Yu drank softly.

Then the jade sword stopped trembling, and the blade slowly rotated, floating three feet in front of Shen Yu.

The boy in black stopped his speech, and came to Shen Yu in one step.

It felt the terrifying sword energy, subconsciously took a few steps back, and swallowed.

"Although the master's realm is a little lower, I didn't expect to be able to resist such a terrifying sword energy. He really is not an ordinary person."

Just as he was about to say these words, he saw an even more shocking scene the next moment.

Shen Yu suddenly opened his mouth and took a breath, and swallowed the jade sword and countless raging sword energy directly into his stomach.

The little boy's mouth became a circle, and he didn't close it for a long time.

Shen Yu's face was bloodless, resisting the severe pain from the sword energy tearing through the inner mansion, and exhaled lightly.

This method of forcibly merging spirit treasures was passed down from ancient times, and then relying on one's own energy and hard work, it finally reached the level of Qi Suinianqi.

If you add the Jingqing sword, you can use the ancient sword-holding and sword-control techniques, and you will have a better chance of winning the next death battle.

After half an hour, Shen Yu opened his eyes, and saw the little guy who was hesitating in the distance, hesitating to speak.

"Is there a problem?" Shen Yu said.

The boy hesitated for a while, then asked in a low voice, "Sir, what was the first syllable you pronounced out of your mouth?"

He had just seen Shen Yu's strange sword swallowing skill, and then remembered the first time he saw Shen Yu, he uttered an extremely strange syllable, and then it was like a needle piercing his head, making him have a splitting headache , in pain.

But what made him feel strange was that this method was not some kind of magic in the world, but more like a taboo deep in his blood was touched.

Shen Yu squinted her eyes, as if she was thinking about something, and said after a while, "Three thousand years ago, the spiritual power in this world was extremely strong, almost the peak since the birth of Linghuang, so countless strong people were born, there were countless demons and ghosts, and even more It is to stir up trouble and endanger the world."

The boy pricked up his ears and listened attentively.

Shen Yu paused, enduring the violent aura in his body, and said slowly: "There was a man who entered the East China Sea with a sword and killed 966 dragons abruptly, almost breaking the inheritance of dragons in the world. It was even a battle with the ancestor of the Jiaolong clan, which led to the appearance of true dragons from all over the world, and set the stage for a life-and-death battle."

The black-clothed boy's eyes widened, as if he had never seen such a fierce person in the world, he hurriedly asked, "What about later?"

Shen Yu looked at the sea of ​​clouds in the sky, with a low voice, and murmured: "The real dragon has been defeated, and the Yaozu has made a rule with him. If the True Seal of the Great Dao carved by the saints of the three religions violates the rules, the human race who knows this seal can let them be annihilated in the world."

The saints of the three religions represent the way of heaven, and no one dares to violate the rules of the way of heaven.

The black-clothed boy trembled all over, and exclaimed: "So what you read is..."

Shen Yu's face turned pale for some time, she nodded and said, "It's just the beginning syllable of the imprint."

The boy was born in Tut Tut, sighed, and said with emotion: "That person is really too fierce, he suppressed the entire lineage of the Dragon Clan by himself, let alone reciting the sound of the imprint, this kind of evildoer is very likely to look at me, I will died."

While speaking, he inadvertently glanced at Shen Yu again, looked at his upright figure like a towering mountain, and slowly froze, an impossible idea appeared in his mind.

Afterwards, the boy in black slapped himself, rolled his eyes, and kept shaking his head.

next moment.

His eyes stared into the distance.

The place where the first line of sky enters.

A middle-aged man wearing a hat and hiding in a black cloak appeared.


		