

When the afterglow of the setting sun completely disappeared into the sky, Shen Yu opened her eyes again.

Because two young children appeared beside him, a boy and a girl.

The boy was carrying a big package on his back, staring straight at him with big black and white eyes, while the little girl behind the boy was a little shy and younger, holding the hem of her clothes and not daring to look up.

Yun Qing calmly stood behind them.

"Are you Shen Yu?" The boy asked in a childish voice.

Shen Yu turned to look at the woman in the green shirt behind them.

Yun Qing watched coldly, and said lightly: "Some children around Xianzong said they wanted to find you."

Shen Yu let out a cry.

"Are you really the very powerful Shen Yu in the legend?"

The little boy began to babble non-stop: "These days, the village is saying that you are a fairy in the sky, and that you are as easy as drinking water. Immortal! He also said that the reason why the Xianzong was destroyed was because he provoked you, so you smashed this place with one palm."

Yun Qing rolled her eyes.

The little girl who had been lowering her head suddenly became brighter, and added: "Auntie also said that you are very beautiful, just like a person in a painting, and she also said that you will..."

"Go, go, girls, what do you know?"

The little boy interrupted her with a wave of his hand, and said old-fashionedly: "This woman just doesn't know much."

Hearing this, the little girl put her hands on her hips and said angrily, "Du Shenyan, I will never play with you again after you do this again."

The little boy's face froze, and he turned around quickly to say something nice. After finally waiting for the little girl to stop being angry, he knelt down on the ground with a plop.

Du Shenyan said loudly: "Disciple Du Shenyan yearns to practice Taoism, and I implore the gods to accept me as a disciple."

Shen Yu looked at the scene without speaking.

Yun Qing turned a blind eye to it, she had seen too many things like this, and it was too annoying.

When will there be fewer ordinary people kneeling outside the mountain gate of Guiyun Xianzong every year? But Xianzong never made an exception because of one person.

People who practice the Tao mainly pay attention to a chance, without that chance, everything is in vain.

The scene was a little quiet.

Du Shenyan still maintained that posture of throwing himself to the ground, not daring to make a sound.

But that little girl had red eyes, as if she was about to cry the next moment.

The little boy still lowered his head, and said earnestly: "I only hope that the gods can teach me how to practice, and the disciple is willing to be an ox and a horse, and repay the great kindness of the fairy master."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "I don't accept disciples."

"But... But if Du Shenyan can't practice, I will be given to someone else by my father."

With tears in her eyes, the little girl pinched the corners of her clothes with both hands, and said sadly: "My father said that he will make a baby marriage for me, and then Du Shenyan will not be able to marry me."

The little boy turned his head and said angrily: "What are you afraid of? At worst, we elope and come back when we have a child. I don't believe he can beat me to death."

Yun Qing shook her head, seemingly speechless about this scene.

Shen Yu suddenly said, "It's not impossible to be my apprentice."

The poorly dressed boy turned his head and said in surprise, "Really?"

Shen Yu nodded, and continued: "But I can't come back for a hundred years."

"century?"

Du Shenyan was stunned for a moment, then his face turned pale, and he asked, "Aren't everyone dead in a hundred years?"

Shen Yu said: "Of course, since you have chosen to embark on the road of cultivation, then you must give up the love in the world, your parents and relatives, and the little girl behind you."

The little girl burst into tears when she heard this, pulled Du Shenyan's sleeve, and said, "Don't go, if you go, I will never talk to you again!"

Du Shenyan looked dull and hesitant.

Shen Yu said calmly: "After three days, you will tell me your choice."

Teenagers and girls leave.

Yun Qing said calmly: "This kid has mediocre aptitude and is not suitable for cultivation."

Shen Yu asked lightly: "Your name is Yun Qing?"

The woman in the green shirt turned her head.

Shen Yu said: "You are very suitable for cultivation."

Yun Qing twitched the corner of her mouth and said, "You're kidding me?"

Shen Yu shook her head.

Although there were only a few brief contacts, Shen Yu did speak highly of her.

Among the women Shen Yu met in this life, Yun Qing may be the most suitable for cultivation.

He is decisive, good at calculating, and has outstanding talent.

Such people, especially women, can generally go a long way on the road of practice.

"You should take care of yourself more."

Yun Qing sneered and asked, "Li Yi will come here soon, what are you going to do?"

Many people have asked him this question, Shen Yu was a little impatient and said, "I don't know."


Qingdi Chengli was born, and threatened to find Shen Yu to settle the score.

One is the chief disciple of Emperor Qing, and the other is also a direct disciple of the head of the Taoist sect, full of gimmicks.

Li Yi didn't cover up this matter at all, so it was widely spread, and in the end, most people in the state were waiting to see the duel between the two holy places.

And this incident naturally attracted the attention of the two holy places in Dongzu Prefecture.

Somewhere in Dongzu Prefecture, on the majestic mountains covered by a sea of ​​clouds, above the palace, a ray of light fell vertically at a terrifying speed, without any hesitation.

The man fell into the sea of ​​clouds, then traveled forward in the clouds, and finally seemed to reach the place, and then fell suddenly.

boom!

The rainbow light stopped suddenly when it was tens of feet away from the ground, and the surrounding aura trembled.

It turned out to be a young Taoist priest with star eyebrows and sharp eyes standing in the sky, wearing a Taoist uniform, with an air of dust.

Immediately afterwards, another person came floating in the distance. Unlike the young Taoist priest who was like a gust of wind, the woman was surrounded by colorful colors and moved slowly like a spring breeze.

The woman's expression is serene, and the cinnabar between her brows is the finishing touch, like a fairy.

It turned out to be He Pianpian, the saint of Yaochi.

The two landed on the top of a mountain at the same time.

Looking at the vast ruins in the distance, the young Taoist said calmly, "I didn't expect you to come too."

The voice is as indifferent as water, without the slightest emotion.

The saint said: "This kind of thing is naturally to be seen."

The Taoist asked: "Would you like to look at Li Yi of Qingdi City, or that Taoist Shen Yu?"

He Pianpian suddenly remembered the meeting at the beginning, shook her head and said: "I met Shen Yu once, but I missed it, so I want to see it again, and you, Wan Jianyi."

The Taoist priest who placed high hopes in the Kunlun Holy Land said lightly: "I am looking for the strongest person, so it is naturally Li Yi of the Qingdi City. After all, the time of Taoist Shen Yu's practice is still young, and his realm is too low."

Sudden.

The two looked into the distance at the same time.

The plain black cloud moved forward slowly.

Wan Jianyi's face gradually became serious, and a fighting spirit appeared in his eyes, and the surrounding air began to stagnate.

Yaochi He Pianpian calmly said: "Did you fight him once?"

"At that time, I was still young, and I just touched the threshold of cultivation."

Wan Jianyi said frankly: "But I still lost, and I was beaten badly."

He Pianpian was a little surprised, not surprised that the opponent lost, but surprised by Wan Jianyi's calm attitude. It seems that he, who has always looked above his head, has let go of that knot.

The black figure in the distance continued to move forward step by step. When passing by them not far away, he scratched his head and took a look before continuing to move forward.

He Pianpian, who is also a sacred place of Taoism, said lightly: "Can you beat it?"

The young Taoist shook his head and said, "If I'm confident that I can beat it, I've already made a move just now."


Winter is here.

Shen Yu was a little hungry, and then came to Guiyun Xianzong's kitchen, made a bowl of noodles under the shocked eyes of countless servants, and walked to the lakeside, but before she had time to eat, she turned her head and looked at the one who suddenly appeared figure.

It was an extremely ordinary person, wearing coarse clothes of ordinary people, with dark skin, and walking barefoot.

He has a simple and honest face, and his body is not as tall as Li Chan's, and he does not have any aggressive manner, but looks like a bunt guy who often does work.

usually.

But with his arrival, a golden monkey disappeared out of thin air above the head of the Buddha statue of Guiyun Xianzong, and then appeared beside the lake.

Dozens of disciples of Daozong Law Enforcement Pavilion also appeared here at the same time.

Jiang Zhouyao appeared in the distance holding a half-open ancient book, and Yun Qing stood beside him.

The Supreme Elder Mu Changqing who has been hidden from the world for many years in the Guiyun Immortal Sect also appeared here.

Countless monks gathered here in an instant, and the atmosphere in the field became dignified.

The bunt man turned a blind eye to the turmoil around him, and just asked: 'Are you Shen Yu? '

Shen Yu ate a mouthful of noodles, nodded and said, "It's me."


		