

Killing intent filled the air, and an inconspicuous wooden sword shot out from Shen Yu's body, flying towards Yang Yiqing's eyebrows like an off-string arrow.

At this moment, Guiyun Xianzong recognized that the genius man who ranked among the top three in cultivation talent was heartbroken and did not respond at all. He could only watch helplessly as the tip of the wooden sword gradually approached.

For decades, he had never felt that death was so close to him while he was on the road of cultivation smoothly.

moment.

Several rays of light suddenly lit up on his body, and various rare magic treasures and talismans began to defend themselves.

There are jade pendants, paper figurines, and puppets, all of which come out at once.

However, when those layers of spiritual power shields met the unstoppable wooden sword, there was only a sound of bubble bursting, and they exploded in an instant without the slightest stagnation.

It was like waking up from a dream.

For the first time, this Xiantian Lingbao Jingqing sword obtained from Fenbaoya of the Taoist sect showed its full strength.

At the same time, hundreds of miles away from Cangmang Town, an old man with a dignified face suddenly turned his head and looked into the distance, with a fierce expression, and shouted: "Who is it? How dare you hurt my disciple."

Between Yang Yiqing's eyebrows, a ray of light burst out suddenly, and the yellow light collided directly with the tip of the speeding wooden sword.

Fei Jian's castration finally stopped, but he didn't retreat.

The wave of spiritual power erupted by the two instantly stunned everyone within a radius of tens of feet.

Lu Caiwei has now stepped into the Taoist realm of the second realm of practice, but she is still in a state of distress, and falls heavily beside the stone wall, barely maintaining her sobriety.

"Qing'er, attack!" A sharp voice suddenly sounded in Yang Yiqing's heart.

The young man who lost his mind was like a slap in the face, and finally came back to his senses, shame, anger, shock, all kinds of emotions emerged in those gloomy eyes.

But before he got angry, another jasper sword came rushing towards him.

In Yang Yiqing's eyes, this scene was no less than the previous sword strike.

Cultivators in the world usually can only nurture one natal spirit treasure, and the sword cultivators in Sword Immortal City can only have one sword in their life, and the sword is with everyone.

This person is actually able to use the art of controlling the sword. Could it be that he came from Sword Immortal City, one of the Nine Great Holy Lands?

What is even more desperate is that the man in the green shirt actually wields two fairy swords at the same time. This not only requires the practitioner to have a majestic spiritual power, but also requires an extremely tenacious control of the spiritual sense, which is even more puzzling.

How did he manage to conceive and raise two natal treasures.

Below the immortals in the fairyland, the practitioners who can conceive and raise the spiritual treasures of life, the worst are those who have the cultivation aptitude of heaven-level Taoism.

And the person who has two pieces, is it the legendary innate Taoist body?

In Yunya City back then, the head of the Jiang family completely gave up the idea of ​​doing it only after seeing Shen Yu's astonishing move of entrusting thousands of spirit treasures at will at a young age.

Yang Yiqing had regained his composure at this time, and was no longer intimidated by the sharp sword energy. His eyes were gloomy, his hands stretched out, and he drew several strokes in the air, and said coldly: "Be sure."

Ripples appeared in the air in front of him as his fingers swiped lightly.

The two flying swords were frozen in the air as if they had fallen into a quagmire.

Shen Yu stepped forward.

Yang Yiqing kept flicking his right hand, and the aura around him gradually condensed into transparent arrows. Then he pointed forward suddenly and shouted, "Go to hell!"

The arrow is sharp.

Shen Yu took a step forward and collided with the arrows with condensed spiritual power, and gradually traces of blood floated out of the air.

"court death!"

Yang Yiqing sneered, but before his smile disappeared, his pupils shrank suddenly.

Because the man in the blue shirt in front of him disappeared in place, and appeared next to him quietly the next moment.

Even though there were many wounds all over his body, the man's body was still as indifferent as ever.

Shen Yu's flat but powerful punch directly hit Yang Yiqing's chest and abdomen with great force, or he bent down to cover his abdomen in an instant.

In the next breath, a palm was lightly pressed on Yang Yiqing's head.

With her left hand behind her back, Shen Yu gently pressed his head with her right hand, and said lightly, "How?"

It was obviously a simple sentence, but Yang Yiqing felt a majestic killing intent to the extreme, his whole body trembled, his face turned pale, his legs softened uncontrollably, and he knelt down in front of Shen Yu.

These noble disciples from the sect, practitioners who have not experienced the baptism of war, no matter how high the realm is, there is a lot of difference between life and death.

Everything happens in an instant.

Shen Yu slowly exerted force with his right hand.

Yang Yiqing didn't have the lazy expression before, and his face was full of fear, and he said in a trembling voice: "No...don't...please spare me."

Zheng Xuan, the elder of Guiyun Immortal Sect, finally came to his senses, and said sharply, "Be merciful!"

Yang Yiqing's wrist suddenly lit up, and at the same time, a furious Shen Yu rang out from thousands of miles away, "If you dare to kill my disciple of the Immortal Sect, you will go to heaven and earth, and I will kill your soul and leave you without an afterlife."

When Shen Yu heard this, her expression was indifferent, and she gently pressed down with her open right hand.

There is a secret method in Taoism, and the immortal touches the top, pointing to the way of longevity.

Suddenly there was thunder.

At the beginning, Yang Yiqing was bleeding from seven orifices, and his meridians were cut off.


Lu Caiwei stared blankly at this scene, full of thoughts.

Yang Yiqing's body slumped to the ground, he had already become a blood man, but he was still breathing weakly.

Shen Yu withdrew her right hand, as if she was still waiting for something.

There was a brief silence.

A majestic voice came from the bracelet, "The disciple of Xianzong obeys the order, catch him, and wait for me to execute him personally."

No anger, no sadness, very calm.

But it is also because of the calm side that everyone can feel the monstrous killing intent contained in the words.

"Take this person down!"

As the elder with the highest status in this mission of accepting apprentices, Zheng Xuan yelled angrily, and went straight to Shen Yu.

Immediately afterwards, more than a dozen disciples of Guiyun Xianzong who were not low in realm also rushed over.

Shen Yu's right hand moved slightly, and the bloody wooden sword kept circling in front of him.

In such a disparate situation, he has no intention of retreating at all, and it seems that he wants to fight again.

It's a pity that just as he got up, the next moment, someone grabbed the sleeve of his left hand, and then pulled it back forcefully.

Lu Caiwei stared as she ran, and said, "You idiot, don't run away, just stand here and wait to die."

Shen Yu, who had no choice but to run along, had a strange expression on his face, sighed after a while, and slashed back with a sword, the sword energy scattered, blocking the figures of the disciples of Guiyun Xianzong.

Then pressed Lu Caiwei's shoulder, and the two of them instantly turned into a rainbow light and fled into the distance.


Half an hour later, an old man with a gloomy face appeared outside Cangwu Town in an instant, looking at the mess on the ground, he was furious.

Zheng Xuan hurried over from a distance, and said respectfully: "I have already sent people to chase after him. As for Yang Yiqing, he is barely alive, but..."

The majestic man said calmly, "Say."

"The meridian is cut off, the cultivation base is completely lost, and the dantian has also been shattered."

Zheng Xuan carefully looked at the other person's face, sighed, and said, "He is already... useless."

A fierce aura suddenly emanated from the old man, and his head was covered with silver threads without wind.

He said in a deep voice: "Send me a handbook to order Xianzong to issue a hunt and kill order. All disciples in the entire Dongzu Prefecture must try their best to arrest this person and catch them alive. If he resists desperately, he will be killed without mercy!"

Zheng Xuan was a little surprised. He vaguely remembered that the last Zongmen hunting order was a hundred years ago, and the person he was hunting that time was an evil spirit that sneaked in from a foreign land in the north.

Zheng Xuan said cautiously: "The person who did it is very young, very talented, and the imperial emissary is a fairy sword and a spirit treasure."

Young, extremely talented, and the imperial envoy of the Immortal Sword, most likely came from the Immortal Sword City.

"Now that the third floor of the academy is about to open, how can the younger generation of Sword Immortal City come out at such a time?"

The old man said with a sneer: "If it is really from Sword Immortal City, one of the Nine Great Holy Lands, you still need to come to us to participate in the assessment."

Zheng Xuan thought for a while and said, "That's right."


		