

Shen Yu saw the man's peaceful eyes at a glance.

The eyes are bright and clear.

It looks very comfortable, this is Shen Yu's first impression of him, in the long years, Shen Yu only remembers the old master in the academy who has this kind of temperament.

The man smiled and waved his hand lightly.

Shen Yu remembered some words that Dao Fan had said, and after confirming her position, she looked at the surrounding environment again.

Then he nodded in satisfaction.

Along the flower path, Shen Yu walked over. When passing by the Wangtan water, a swimming koi sank into the water in a hurry.


"My name is Su Mo."

The voice was very crisp and steady. As soon as Shen Yu came to the man, he heard him say his name.

Shen Yu looked at the other party and said: "I didn't expect it to be true. It seems that the rumors of the disciples at the foot of the mountain have never been false."

Without any cultivation.

No one would have imagined that the head of the second generation of Taoist disciples, the master of the Yuansheng Temple, and the only disciple who entered the house of the head of the Taoist sect, did not have any cultivation.

Just an ordinary scholar.

It was rumored that after the head of the sect brought him back to the Dao Sect in the past, he had never read any practice books, let alone tried the practice of feeling qi. Instead, he was obsessed with reading books all day long with books in his hands.

If it is in the academy of Tang Dynasty in Zhongzhou, it must be extremely popular, but in the Taoist sect, and as the senior brother of the Taoist sect, it is a bit too deviant to not practice Taoism but like to study.

It's just strange that the leader didn't care about it, and even some elders from other temples came to warn him several times, but he turned them back.

Therefore, the first of the second generation of disciples, Dao Zong Daozong, has been up the mountain for so long, but still has no cultivation.

Su Mo smiled at Shen Yu and said, "Cultivation is a very troublesome thing. I am afraid of trouble, and the master doesn't have any arrangements, so I just do what I like on weekdays."

Shen Yu said lightly: "It's good to be able to do what you like to do in life."

Su Mo glanced at the rising sun, and sincerely praised: "Uncle Daofan said that it was your first time going up the mountain today, but I didn't expect you to go up the mountain in only half an hour. It's really amazing."

Shen Yu said: "The spirit carp in the deep pool, the maze in the forest, and the simple Taoist temple are a little simpler."

Su Mo looked at the young man and said, "There is one more test, but you have already passed it."

Shen Yu was a little surprised, thought for a while and said, "You?"

Su Mo nodded and said: "Master said that I have always been very accurate in judging people, and people who I don't even like will definitely be thrown down the mountain."

Shen Yu sighed and said: "This peak really surpasses the good fortune of the world. Not only does it have spiritual objects, but there are also people who are lucky in the world."

Su Mo pointed to the sky, and said with a smile: "Master is still in retreat now, little brother, you will live here in the future, I have heard some things about you occasionally, I think this place should be very suitable for you."

Shen Yu didn't say anything, she just cared about what Su Mo just said...

"Little brother."

Very interesting title.


Shen Yu stayed on Feilai Peak where Yuansheng Temple was located.

It's quiet and peaceful here,

Shen Yu found a courtyard as his residence. During the day, he would feed the spirit carp by the pool, and at night, he would lie on the grass on the top of the mountain and look up at the starry sky.

Although the room in the courtyard is not big, it has a bed, a table, and some bottles and cans, which is much better than the cave at the bottom of the mountain.

Su Mo usually reads with a book in his hand, and when he is not reading, he loosens the soil and waters some flowers and plants in the bamboo forest. The two of them don't talk much every day, but they are very relaxed.

Of course, when Shen Yu was bored, he would also water some flowers and plants in front of the courtyard. Several times when Su Mo saw him, he hesitated to speak.

This night, the sky is full of stars.

Shen Yu lay on the grass, silently watching the streamer piercing the sky.

Su Mo walked to his side and said, "Little brother, do you have a lot on your mind?"

Shen Yu said: "The main reason I came here is to ask the master some questions."

Su Mo asked curiously, "Why did you ask the master?"

Shen Yu said: "The higher a person stands, the farther he can see, and the head of the sect stands very tall."

Su Mo smiled and said, "It seems that the question you want to ask is very big."

"Yes, very large."

Shen Yu sighed and said: "I have been here for a long time, and the world has changed too much. This feeling of ignorance makes me very bad, but besides some big problems, there are also some small ones. question."

Su Mo said confidently: "I have traveled to some places, met some people and some things, and know a little about the mountains and beyond. Maybe I can answer some of your little questions."

Shen Yu put her hands behind her head, closed her eyes and said, "On the top of Fenbaoya Mountain, someone shot me to death."

Su Mo's expression was calm, and after looking at him slightly sideways, he began to think.

Shen Yu continued: "That day, he said that there were too many Zong geniuses, which affected their future, so I don't understand this little question."

Su Mo said: "Yang Kaitai, the elder who passed on the skills of Zuowang Peak, disappeared a few days ago. Zhang Shouzuo said that he went out for a trip."

Shen Yu nodded, and said calmly: "I killed him, then left the cliff, and naturally disappeared."


Shen Yu didn't hide it at all, and told the murder directly.

However, Su Mo remained calm from the beginning to the end, as if he didn't care.

"The most powerful practitioner in this continent is Master." Su Mo said suddenly.

Shen Yu looked at it, not understanding what he meant.

Su Mo continued: "Master has lived for a long time. He ascended to the peak of the Ascension Realm, and if he goes one step further, he will step into the Immortal Realm, or...return to the dust."

The mountain wind blew, bringing a bit of chill.

Shen Yu raised her head, her eyes were a little shocked, all the small details gradually became a line, and many puzzled things finally became clear.

The head of the sect whose cultivation has reached the peak of the world will eventually leave one day, and this day is very close.

This made those people have already started to lay out, and deliberately did some incomprehensible things.

Thinking of this, Shen Yu asked: "Do these people care so much about the position of the Taoist sect's head?"

Su Mo shook his head and said seriously, "I don't know either."

Shen Yu looked at the darkness in the distance indifferently, and said with a smile: "You have no cultivation base, and there have been no new disciples in the sect head, so these people thought of using this method to break the power of the Yuan Temple. Inheritance, because they are afraid that a few years or decades later, a talented person will grow up in Yuan Temple and become an obstacle for them to reach that position."

The young man sighed, and said: "The demons, conspiracies, and tricks that don't make it to the table are really boring."

Su Mo said with a smile: "However, to those people's disappointment, you are still here, Junior Brother."

Shen Yu glanced at him, how can a man of fate in heaven and earth really have no cultivation base, just based on the intelligence shown in front of his eyes, he guessed the context of the whole thing with just a few hidden clues.

Such a person, those people actually ignored it.

Su Mo stood with his hands behind his back, and suddenly asked: "Little brother, if this kind of problem is a small problem, then what is the big problem in your eyes?"


		