

Counting it, Shen Yu lived for a long time, three thousand years ago.

When it comes to Taoism and swordsmanship, Shen Yu is confident that he will not lose to anyone in the world.

If it's a fight, Shen Yu doesn't have the slightest fear, because he has never lost.

It's just that Shen Yu suddenly discovered at this moment that he still has many things that he is not good at.

At the beginning, he laughed at Yu Wenwen as a sword idiot, but why not his former self.

Yang Pan'er didn't understand these, or didn't think of them, but silently stared at Shen Yu with wide eyes.

In her eyes, Shen Yu is omnipotent, so this ignorant and innocent look is very lethal.

Just when Shen Yu didn't know how to answer, suddenly, there was a burst of exclamation from the round platform in the distance.

A huge picture scroll exuding the brilliance of colored glaze unfolded slowly, like a dream and an illusion.

There are vendors haggling over prices, pedestrians looking hurried, children crying after getting lost, and aristocratic princes ostentatiously passing through the market.

The picture scroll on the high platform seemed to come alive in an instant, and the figures followed one after another, lifelike.

Thousands of miles away, there are occasional flocks of birds flying by, and then floating down on the lake to roost.

The crowd of onlookers stared wide-eyed, looking at the man on the high platform and the magical writing brush in his hand with fascination.

"Dongfang Duan, the eldest son of Dongfang, one of the four major families in the city, is best at calligraphy and painting, and he used calligraphy and painting to enter Taoism."

Zhao Ji explained.

Yang Pan'er also stood on tiptoe unconsciously, looking at the vivid picture scroll.

With this kind of painting skills, even a successful practitioner will subconsciously appreciate the artistic conception in it.

It just seemed like there was one more person by accident.

Yang Pan'er saw Shen Yu's expression, he didn't wrinkle slightly, he seemed to be thinking about something.

Yang Pan'er was puzzled and said, "Is this painting not good?"

Shen Yu was thoughtful, and replied after a while: "Reluctantly."

Yang Pan'er asked curiously, "Is your painting better than this?"

Shen Yu shook her head and explained: "I don't know how to draw, but I have seen it before, and I have seen it a lot, so I understand a little bit."

"Then can you draw?"

"Won't."

Yang Pan'er pursed her mouth, with a preaching look on her face, shook her head and sighed: "You have high eyes but low hands, Shen Yu, this can't work."

Shen Yu smiled, then walked over there.

Yang Pan'er blinked, chased after her and asked, "What are you doing?"

Shen Yu said: "Just choose this one."

"Didn't you just say that you can't draw?"

"You can learn."

"Like learning array a few days ago?"

"Yes."


Dongfang Duan of the Dongfang family in Qianliu City is a handsome young man with red lips, white teeth, star eyebrows and sharp eyes, which makes people like him at first sight, but the unconcealed pride in his brow still keeps many people away.

Many people who participated in the Dao of Painting competition stayed quietly aside, and most of them did not show any frustration on their faces.

Dongfang Duan's ability to win the first place is naturally expected.

Their goal is to get the top three, because the top three will have the rare magic weapons and elixirs provided by the four major families for this spring test. is much more useful.

Dongfang Duan's brushwork had not yet been put away on the scroll, but there was applause from all around.

Immediately afterwards, an exquisite poem was also engraved on the scroll.

Calligraphy and painting competitions have always been contested by a hundred schools of thought, and whoever can beat the crowd will naturally have special calligraphers and painters as judges.

When Dongfang Duan was painting, everyone waited quietly, in addition to admiring, it also represented a kind of respect, but later, everyone obviously stopped doing so.

For a moment, every stroke is like a fresh life, every frown and smile, everyone's expression is clearly visible.

In less than a while, there was only the sound of Dongfang Duan's writing on the entire round platform, and during this period, two casual cultivators who were proficient in painting skills stood out from here.

One is a ragged scholar with a well-proportioned appearance and a righteous look.

One is a boudoir, with red gauze on her face, and her slender hands have also made a stunning work.

And these two are also well-known calligraphers and painters in Qianliu City and even the entire Forest Mountain Country.

The three men who were in charge of commenting on the painting skills in front of them talked slightly, showing a satisfied look on their faces, and the man who had passed his fate even stroked his beard and nodded.

Seeing this scene, everyone felt that the victory had been decided.

It is already a great thing to make the calligraphy and painting who is the oldest among the three feel good.

Because this unattractive man is called Dongfang Daozi, he is the master of Dongfang Duan, and he is also a proud student of the Chinese Painting Academy of Zhongzhou Academy in the past.

"As I expected, the overall situation is settled."

"Although I knew the result would be like this, I am still a little bit unwilling."

"Let's go and see the demeanor of the other three disciples."

There was a lot of discussion.

Shen Yu came to the round platform of this painting competition step by step amidst these gossips, scanned around, and found a piece of clear paper on the remote stone table on the left.

He sat cross-legged on the yellow futon in front of the stone table, and there was a curl of tea smoke rising beside him.

The smoke is as hazy as fog, seemingly unreal, but in fact it is a special restriction, making this space in an independent place, and will not disturb other types of competitions on the sky round platform.

It seems that because the painting competition has come to an end, many people have noticed this man of unknown origin.

Then everyone saw his posture of holding a pen, which was completely a layman's posture, without the slightest aesthetic skills to speak of.

The others shook their heads slightly, it was normal, as it should be, no one paid any attention to him anymore.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to these gazes, held a pen in her right hand, closed her eyes slightly, as if recalling something.

He told Yang Pan'er that he had seen many people paint, but actually only once, but that time was already the strongest painting skill in the world.

Yes, not the most beautiful, nor the most true, but the strongest.

Shen Yu's pen moved, and then he swiped in the air.

The pure white jade paper was suspended out of thin air.

Immediately afterwards, the roar of a real dragon sounded from the sky and the earth, like thunder on the ground.

"Roar!"

Then a golden yellow dragon poked out its huge dragon head from the black clouds in the sky. It was hideous and terrifying.

Countless people on the round platform subconsciously trembled and looked up at the golden dragon.

The giant dragon circled and danced. After the first dragon chant, the sky began to rain. With the second dragon chant, there was a strong wind and heavy wind and rain.

Countless people didn't care about using the technique of avoiding the rain, and looked at the real dragon in the sky with pale faces, terrified.

Using painting to enter Taoism is not as vivid as Dongfang Duan, nor is it as gentle as a boudoir, nor is it as determined as a scholar.

With only Wushuang's domineering intentions, everyone in the field could hardly help wanting to bow down to the real dragon in the sky.

The ragged scholar's hands trembled, facing the golden dragon, his face turned pale.

Dongfang Duan bit his lips tightly, sweating like rain, and pressed his legs tightly to prevent himself from kneeling down.

As for the rest of them, they had already fallen to their knees limply.

Dongfang Daozi, who sat in the center of the round platform with the highest painting skills, was shocked and could not understand.

As far as he is concerned, this person's painting skills are very rough, without any skill or connotation, but with a meaning that is difficult for ordinary people to fathom.

But this kind of meaning, he once had a chance to see it on the third floor of the academy.

Sixu's nine-fold real dragon appears, washing away the emptiness of all the mortal horses of all ages.

The real dragon appears, and all horses are empty.

This is the meaning expressed by this person, which has nothing to do with the painting skills or the objects painted.

A shortcut.


		