

The extinction that Shen Yu mentioned was the most terrifying situation in the world.

The man in the Confucian shirt was also slightly taken aback when he heard these two words.

In the era of shining stars three thousand years ago, there was a peerless sword fairy who could break the sky with his sword, a real immortal who inherited the unique knowledge of the Holy Land, and a brave warrior who was overbearing. These ancient powers stood in the world. What kind of existence would the opponent be?

The eyes of the two looked at the little monkey behind them almost at the same time.

The eyes of this divine beast are slightly closed, as if a person in the Buddhist sect has settled down, full of peace.

Facing the eyes of the two, it shook its head.

A divine thought sounded in Shen Yu's mind out of thin air, as if an idea appeared instantly.

The little monkey roughly means that it has been sealed in the cocoon since its birth, and it only woke up three hundred years ago, so it has no memory of what happened three thousand years ago.

Shen Yu's expression was calm, and he thought of this result from the first moment he saw the monkey.

It's just that Shen Yu was not very disappointed, because he finally confirmed one thing.

That is, an extraordinary event must have occurred three thousand years ago, and his rebirth after death was also related to this event.

In fact, Shen Yu paid more attention to the matter of rebirth, because he should have completely disappeared from the world when his soul was scattered.

And those three immortal artifacts that appeared out of thin air to prevent him from becoming enlightened, who were their owners?

What is even more puzzling is who is able to re-condense his incomparable soul back then. This incredible method is completely unheard of.

He rubbed the little monkey's head, and said, "Is Mr. Yuan the ancestor of your clan?"

The little monkey full of Buddha nature nodded.

Shen Yu looked at it.

After a while, the little monkey who had been calm all the time suddenly raised his head, as if he heard something terrible.

Jiang Zhouyao didn't know whether he didn't pay attention to it or deliberately didn't care about it, but just looked into the distance silently.

That is the Xianwu Square of Guiyun Immortal Sect, where today's grand competition was held, and at this moment, the sky was covered with wind and snow, which almost blocked the sight.

And in that attic, Yun Qing had already gone there after learning the news that Ximen Temple had been lost.

Shen Yu said lightly: "I feel a familiar breath in you."

The man in the Confucian shirt held his left hand behind his back, pointed his right hand to somewhere in the distance, and said with a smile: "When I was concentrating on studying in Guiyun Xianzong, I met a man who traveled from afar. I chatted with him for a few days. Some doubts suddenly became clear, and only then did the subsequent breakthroughs happen."

Shen Yu was a little surprised.

"I thought he was from Zhongzhou Academy."

Jiang Zhouyao said: "But I later found out that he is the eldest disciple of the head of the Taoist sect, that is, Su Mo."

Shen Yu nodded, and said lightly: "It turns out to be senior brother."

The middle-aged man took a step back suddenly, bowed solemnly, and said, "I have something to ask."

Shen Yu didn't speak, he had already guessed what was going on.

Yun Qing said some things yesterday, and he could naturally deduce something from them.

In the world of practice, sometimes it is just like mortals, with emotions and desires, love and hate entanglements, just as unbearable vulgarity.

"Because of the unintentional actions of the suzerain three hundred years ago, Guiyun Xianzong made this innate spirit monkey willing to practice here and absorb the luck of heaven and earth. This is how the sect is prosperous today, and it is also because of my relationship with my predecessor. The suzerain's friendship and certain reasons have kept it here."

Jiang Zhouyao looked at the sky and said, "But I don't know when, the current Guiyun Xianzong...has changed after all."

Shen Yu said calmly: "It's okay, you can speak bluntly."

Jiang Zhouyao said frankly: "Although Yun Qing knows how to use you to solve Ximen Temple, she still takes it for granted after all."

"Since you want to fight with the head teacher, but also want to continue to gain a foothold in Guiyun Xianzong, it is not enough to kill a Ximen Temple."

"That's why I would like to ask you, as the head disciple of the Dao Sect, to protect her in Gui Yun Xian Sect."

"I am willing to teach you all the cultivation of my whole body, and it can be regarded as a repayment for Su Mo's guidance to me back then."

Shen Yu looked at him and said, "The key to everything is the head teacher of Guiyun Xianzong."

The way people in practice solve problems is very direct and simple, which is different from the mundane world.

It is the level of the realm, the strength of the combat power.

Shen Yu knew this very well, so she shook her head and said, "That man has already stepped into the upper three realms, so I can't kill him."

The man in Confucian shirt looked at the chilling wind and snow all over the sky, and smiled.

"Leave it to me."


The grand ceremony of returning to Yunxianzong lasted from early morning to evening.

Shen Yu and Jiang Zhouyao stood on top of the huge Buddha statue, watching the aura surge in the distance and the clouds rolling and relaxing.

For a long time, both of them only had the lake green figure in the distance in their eyes.

Night came at last.

The woman who just won the big competition in the sect came here.

Looking at the limp corpse that had long since lost its breath, she paused for a while without showing any emotion.

"I have obtained the qualification to go to the academy."

Yun Qing immediately came to the side of the two and said, "Zhong Shenluo is very angry."

Zhong Shenluo is now the head teacher of the Yunxian Sect, and Yun Qing actually called him by his first name. It is obvious that the two sides have almost completely broken off.

Shen Yu didn't speak, but just teased the monkey casually.

Seeing this scene, Yun Qing couldn't help feeling dazed and shocked.

"You've done a good job."

The man in the Confucian shirt patted her on the shoulder, and said gently: "I found out about your eyes a few days ago, and wrote some notes and put them on the desk. It may be helpful to your practice. You should go and see them first. Look, leave it to me here."

Yun Qing raised her head suddenly, her eyes were full of unconcealable joy.

The man smiled and said softly, "Go."

Yun Qing nodded slightly, glanced at Shen Yu, and then left directly.

Shen Yu watched the figure in the green shirt disappear, and said, "The eye of delusion."

Jiang Zhouyao said with a complicated expression, "It should be."

There are many legends in this continent, which have been passed down from ancient times to the present.

It is rumored that in the extreme south, there is a bottomless abyss, which is the other side of the world in the legend, and all creatures return their souls to this place after death.

And there, there is a Senluo Palace in charge of countless ghosts, with ten floors in total, and on the ninth floor, there is a Lord of Reincarnation, who rules the reincarnation of all ghosts and ghosts in the world.

But on a certain day, someone broke into that Senluo Hell and seriously injured the Lord of Hell, and the other Palace Lords in charge of ghosts also died or were injured.

The lord of reincarnation finally swung out with endless power of reincarnation, and just now forced that person back, and he himself fell into an endless deep sleep.

Before losing consciousness, he took out his own pair of eyes and threw them into the void, saying that whoever gets these delusion-breaking eyes can become the next master of reincarnation.

Of course, for Shen Yu, these are all legends, and he never believed them.

Night gradually fell.

The man in the Confucian shirt stood up, with a gentle breeze on his face, his sleeves fluttering.

Shen Yu was a little surprised and said, "Are you serious?"

The battle among the great monks of the three realms in the world is different from the contest among ordinary disciples, because the monks who have stepped into those three realms have almost surpassed some rules of this world.

Be real fairy fights.

And there is no distinction between high and low in this realm. If two three-realm great monks want to divide life and death, unless they are crushed by a very large realm, it will probably be a bleak situation where both sides will suffer, and there is no room for it.

Shen Yu said: "You care about her very much."

Jiang Zhouyao looked at the horizon with a calm expression.

He shook his head suddenly, and murmured: "But she is not her."


No one knew that Jiang Zhouyao fell into an illusion when he shattered his inner demons in that act of breaking the realm that was later spread to half the world.

very real.

He went to a place, which was a mottled city wall with traces of cutting with knives and axes. At this time, corpses were everywhere and smoke was everywhere.

And he saw a figure in a green shirt standing on the city wall.

The battle of destroying the country has been fought for many years, and he has fought and killed countless cities, and the woman in the green shirt, who is so beautiful and elegant, seems to have stood on that majestic city wall for many years.

She seems to be waiting, waiting for the return of this certain person, day after day, year after year, ten years have passed, and she still hasn't waited.

It wasn't until later that the man who had achieved Tao through literature knew that the illusion was the Confucian Huangliang Yimeng.

The man said softly: "According to what we said earlier, after three years, she will entrust you to you."

Shen Yu sighed and nodded slightly.

The middle-aged man suddenly laughed loudly and said: "Su Mo once said that a scholar who is useless is a scholar."

"However, I feel that I can't be so cowardly all my life, so I secretly learned some from my Confucian classics."

"Hopefully it won't be a joke this time."

Shen Yu said, "I'm looking forward to it."

next moment.

I saw this introverted scholar who had studied hard behind closed doors in Guiyun Xianzong for decades stepped forward.


		