

The climate in the sea is always fickle. One moment it was calm and the sea was calm, and the next moment it was covered with dark clouds and stormy waves.

Fortunately, the boat that Shen Yu and the three of them were on was a huge sea-going ship that was specially designed to travel by sea.

The dark clouds dissipated, and the sun passed through the sea of ​​clouds and shone on the sparkling sea, giving people a refreshing feeling.

There was frequent trade between Dongzuzhou and Central Continent, so the big ship was full of traveling merchants, and occasionally a few scholars wearing scholar's costumes could be seen.

In order to find the lost treasure these days, Yunxianzong even blocked the entire ferry crossing in the ancient town of Pingyao, which attracted complaints from many people around.

It was the first time in his life that the boy in black traveled far away, facing the endless sea, he was not very happy.

Because Lu Caiwei has been acting like a rich lady since she got on the boat, she sometimes wanders from the bow to the stern, looks at the sea in her spare time, and looks at Shen Yu when she is hungry, without speaking.

It's a pity that Shen Yu has never been a person who does things, so these days the boy has completely become this woman's follower, and he has done all the work of serving tea and water.

As for the old man Kou Wang, who heard that he was seriously injured and was recuperating at the Tianhe Inn, she arranged for the maid to serve the old man, and returned the same way when he recovered from his injury.

Today is another fine day.

Shen Yu walked out of the cabin and stood at the stern, the sea breeze was blowing slowly, her sleeves were ethereal, and her temperament became more and more dusty.

It seems that as he promised, Shen Yu said nothing about Lu Caiwei's behavior these days, and tolerated her petty temper very much.

Once again, the boy in black came out with a look of lovelessness after serving the pampered young lady, with a pitiful look on his face, "I am such a powerful person, but I am serving a woman as a servant".

He came to Shen Yu's side and complained: "Sir, why do you have to let that woman follow us? I, Li Fugui, can be regarded as the boss of Yixiantian after all. If the goblins in the mountains know about this, how can we lead the team?"

Shen Yu said: "I don't seem to have asked you to do this."

Li Fugui looked aggrieved, and squatted on the deck, hugging his head and mourning.

That's a woman.

When I look at myself, I feel trembling in my heart, dare to be disobedient!

In Li Fugui's heart, women have always been terrifying creatures. Judging by his shrewd mind, a woman with no realm can deal with several powerful practitioners, and the woman who has already practiced Qi and is about to reach the ninth floor is even more so. horrible.

Will he really die just by looking at him?

Coupled with Shen Yu's tolerance and tolerance of her behavior these days, the boy is even more firm in this idea.

Many people came out of the cabin one after another to blow the sea breeze, chatting about some interesting things from all over the world, and from time to time there were some words that only men can understand.

The boy in black has always been impatient, so he quickly joined the crowd without interjecting, just listening like this.

The hatch at the hanging corner opened, and Lu Caiwei walked out, looked at the crowd at the bow, frowned slightly, then looked at the handsome man at the stern, hesitated, and walked over.

The two were not far apart, standing side by side.

Lu Caiwei said: "What state are you in now?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said: "Your practice is taught by others, I will not teach you."

Lu Caiwei's originally calm face was suddenly filled with anger, and said: "You are still not a man, why are you so stingy, even if you are doing business, you still pay attention to friendship, why are you so small-minded."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Your aptitude is average, if I teach you how to practice, and then do some things to die, then what's the point of teaching you."

Lu Caiwei's expression became gloomy when she heard the words, and she looked at the calm sea, her eyes turned red again.

I do feel homesick.

But she still wants to go back to Yunxianzong, even if those people want to harm her, she still wants to go.

Because according to the woman named Senior Sister Yun, Elder Quzheng died there.

Lu Caiwei was very grateful to the old man with a kind face, so what she wanted to do was to pay respects to the old man's grave, that's all.

When I was a child, every Chinese New Year, the old man would send some gadgets, and in his spare time, he would come to teach her how to practice. Every time we met, the old man would smile and shout: "Oh, little Caiwei has grown up again."

She knew that she would not be able to go there by herself alone. Whether it was Jiang Jianghu, those from Guiyun Xianzong, or the truth taught to her by Shen Yu himself, she made a woman who had never suffered much since she was a child understand the cruelty. fact.

But Lu Caiwei only felt that she was a timid person, so she knew that if she went home this time, she might never have the courage to go to Guiyun Xianzong again.

She didn't know why she was willing to pay such a price in order to pay homage to an old man who had not yet become a teacher, and made a deal with Shen Yu indiscriminately.

Maybe it's just a clear conscience.

In fact, she also knew in her heart that these things were not Shen Yu's fault.

Even if Shen Yu made such an unreasonable deal with her, each took what he needed, and she said it on her own initiative, so she recognized it in her heart.

There is no one person in the world who is nice to another person for no reason.

She didn't understand this truth, but she felt resentful towards Shen Yu in her heart.

There is no reason.

And she is also a person who holds grudges. Jiang Jianghu was sent by the group who came with Senior Sister Yun. She thought that if she was able to practice in the future, she would definitely take revenge if she became stronger.

Of course, these things are too far away.

Lu Caiwei suddenly said seriously: "Even if I die, I will go."

Shen Yu said flatly, "Oh."

Seeing his calm appearance, Lu Caiwei got angry for some reason, and cursed: "Bastard, beast, not a man."

Shen Yu glanced at her, and said lightly: "Whether I am a man or not, of course someone knows."

Lu Caiwei sneered and said, "Save your appearance, there are still women looking at you?"

Shen Yu seemed to be in a good mood, and then said: "Unfortunately, there was one of them a few days ago, crying and shouting to dedicate himself to me."

"Son of a bitch!"

Lu Caiwei was immediately touched by Ni Lin, rushed to Shen Yu, and shouted: "I will kill you!"

Shen Yu flicked his fingers, and the latter flew upside down with little force, but still hit the deck.

Fortunately, here is the stern, and no one saw this scene.

Frustrated in every possible way, Lu Caiwei fell to the ground, unable to bear the grievance in her heart any longer, she lowered her head and began to cry softly,

"You all bully me, you all bully me."

Shen Yu looked towards the sky and said, "This is not your house, no one..."

"Shut up, don't say some big truths hypocritically."

Lu Caiwei interrupted him, suddenly raised her head and said angrily: "When I become a powerful practitioner in the future, you will be the first to hit me. I will beat you to your knees begging for mercy."

A smile appeared on the corner of Shen Yu's mouth, she approached her, and then raised her hand.

The originally ambitious girl suddenly shrank her neck and closed her eyes tightly.

next moment.

Warm fingers gently touched her forehead.

She was a little puzzled, then opened her eyes slightly, and saw Shen Yu's back walking into the distance.

"Cultivate hard, and when you step into the Dao realm, maybe I will teach you a few Dao methods."

Lu Caiwei said in surprise, "Really?"

Shen Yu didn't speak, and walked silently to the deck on the other side, squinting at the coastline far away.

Li Fugui ran over excitedly and shouted: "Sir, I understand."

Shen Yu looked over.

Li Fugui suddenly realized, and said: "I didn't expect that Mr. is still a man of temperament."

Shen Yu was a little puzzled.

"I've heard people say that I can do what some women can do."

The boy pinched out an orchid finger, imitating the appearance of the Goulan woman he had just learned from the group of merchants, and said shyly: "My slave, you can also transform into a woman."

As soon as the words fell, only a gust of wind was heard.

The boy was thrown into the sea immediately.

Shen Yu was expressionless, and said a word lightly from his mouth.


		