

The blood spread from the wall, and then dripped to the ground. Jiang Jianghu, who was originally insolent, still had an unbelievable and horrified expression on his face, his eyes were wide open, and he seemed to have not reacted until he died.

Lu Caiwei, the only sober person in the field, just stared blankly at this scene, her mind went blank.

A martial artist on the fifth level of the First Sense Realm is a figure not to be underestimated among ordinary people and even practitioners, but why did he die so easily?

She turned her head and looked at the light-hearted man in the green shirt. She had known her for a while, but it was as strange as meeting her for the first time.

Holding the package in her hand, Shen Yu casually walked out the door without any intention of explaining.

Lu Caiwei quickly shouted: "Wait a minute."

Shen Yu looked at her.

Lu Caiwei said with a complicated expression, "Why did you lie to us?"

Shen Yu said: "What did I lie to you?"

Lu Caiwei was stunned, and suddenly felt that this was actually the case.

From the beginning to the end, Shen Yu never said anything about himself, let alone cheating.

She remembered the previous incident, and asked again: "Before we were in Yixiantian, you were the one who saved us?"

Shen Yu didn't answer.

Lu Caiwei pursed her lips and said softly, "Thank you."

"No, everything happens for a reason."

Shen Yu said lightly: "If you don't pay me, I won't make a move. It's just a transaction. This kind of thing may be cruel to you, but it seems to me that it is a very common thing. I am not I saved you because of pity."

He wasn't lying.

In the long years, Shen Yu has seen too many tragic and helpless things in the era of shocking chaos in the world and demons dancing wildly.

Because of this, he felt that the things in front of him were normal.

People will experience life and death, joys and sorrows, separation and reunion, just like the moon has its waxing and waning.

That's why there are countless people in the world who want to practice, want to prove Taoism and live forever, so as to escape from reincarnation.

Hearing this, Lu Caiwei's eyes dimmed for some reason.

"I don't know what happened, but you are not suitable for cultivation. If you don't want to die, you should go home."

Shen Yu made an extra point for the first time, ignored the other party again, and then left the courtyard.

Walking out of the inn, feeling the people coming and going on the street, Shen Yu suddenly frowned.

He sensed a slight change.

In the past, he would never have said so much nonsense.

And after rebirth, his personality seemed to be undergoing subtle changes, so he didn't even notice it.

Shen Yu shook her head slightly to dispel this weird thought, and then walked towards the gate of the city.

As for the maid or the woman whose real identity is Miss, what she will think, what choices she will make, and what kind of future she will have, these have nothing to do with him.

There are rangers in the world who like to see each other on the road and look around with their swords drawn, but these things are very strange to Shen Yu.

What's more, he still has a lot to do.

Walking on the street, there was a sudden commotion, followed by a furious voice that resounded throughout the ancient town of Pingyao.

"He Fangxiao is young, dare to steal the treasures of the fairy family that I have returned to Yunxianzong. If I find out your identity, I will definitely make your life worse than death."

Following the sound of this old voice, a strong breath permeated the entire town.

Shen Yu was a little surprised, and then his face was slightly weird.

I saw a small figure walking against the current in the crowd passing through the stream, and in an instant came to Shen Yu's body, with a smug look on his face.

The boy in black opened his mouth, but before he could speak, Shen Yu covered his mouth.

After a breath, the two of them swayed slightly, and they came to a remote corner in an instant.

In the distance, the unpredictable old man who returned to Yunxianzong was still roaring in the sky.

The boy in black said cheerfully, "Sir, did you hear that?"

"I heard, people who belong to Yunxianzong."

Shen Yu had a headache and said, "What did you do?"

"certainly."

The boy patted his chest and said triumphantly: "In the whole town, there is the strongest aura in there, obviously there are treasures absorbing aura by themselves! I sneaked in, knocked out a few people casually, and then..."

Shen Yu ignored his bragging, turned his head and looked at the sky indifferently, feeling the breath silently.

The upper three realms of the world.

Buddhist Bodhisattva.

Daoist Immortal.

Confucian sages.

Each of the three realms has its advantages and disadvantages, but there is no distinction between high and low.

Like Hui Ke from Lingyin Temple, one of the top three realms of Buddhism, he is a powerful Bodhisattva, and he has achieved the Bodhisattva status at such an age, which is already shocking in the entire spiritual world.

Judging from the fluctuation of spiritual power in the sky, Shen Yu could see that the old man should be a great practitioner who has stepped half a foot into the upper three realms.

His combat power should be stronger than Zhang Zhi, who is at the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary.

Shen Yu thought for a while, the things must not be returned, and being scolded by others, even Shen Yu, a great monk who was about to step into the upper three realms, didn't want to give him face.

But if the matter is revealed, Li Fugui will definitely not be able to beat him, and he will be in trouble.

Because he is fighting Taoist cultivators, especially low-level monks, relying on his innate Taoist body and remaining memory, he can make up for the two major realms by himself.

The reason is that he is too familiar with Taoist practice, even deep in his bones, and because of this, he was able to cross the border several times to defeat Fang Hen and other high-level disciples.

But this kind of advantage is gone for practitioners who are not fighting against Taoism, and it is even more impossible to casually cross borders to kill people.

Even if he is Shen Yu.

Seeing Shen Yu's pensive look, the boy in black suddenly didn't dare to speak. After a while, he said with a guilty conscience: "Sir, did I cause trouble? How about I return it secretly?"

Shen Yu shook her head, patted him on the shoulder, and said lightly: "No, you don't have to worry about it, you can take whatever belongs to Yunxianzong."

"Huh?" The boy was a little puzzled.

Shen Yu ignored him, and said to himself: "Since I took it, there is no reason to return it, but what should I do if I can't beat it?"

Li Fugui said without hesitation: "Hide."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "It makes sense."

After he finished speaking, he calmly walked into a deserted small shop behind him.

The boy stood speechless for a moment.


the following few days.

Someone died at the Tianhe Inn, but surprisingly, there were no waves, like a stone falling into the sea.

On the contrary, the theft of treasures belonging to the Immortal Sect of Guiyun became more and more serious. The ancient town of Pingyao was surrounded by officers and soldiers of the Dali Dynasty, and a terrifying coercion hovered in the sky, as if they were looking for something.

In that small inn, Shen Yu finally knew what Li Fugui had stolen.

It turned out to be a bronze mirror with a simple style.

Shen Yu saw that this ancient book was familiar, because there was a similar thing three thousand years ago, but it was the treasure of Kunlun.

The boy in black pondered over and over again, and asked curiously, "Sir, what kind of treasure is this?"

Shen Yu said: "According to the demon mirror, you can make all the monsters in the world unable to transform into form, you can identify the heels and feet of monsters, and control the lives of all monsters."

The boy in black opened his mouth wide, his eyes sparkled with gold, but before he had time to rejoice, he was doused with cold water again.

"Of course, the item returned to Yunxianzong is just a copy."

Shen Yu looked at it seriously, and said lightly: "Barely enough to see, so-so."

From Shen Yu's perspective, he wouldn't care even if the real Yao Yaojian was placed in front of him, let alone a copy.

The boy in black sighed again.

Shen Yu said again: "However, the material of this thing itself is still good, and it is also useful when fighting."

The boy was too lazy to express his disappointment, so he sighed and said, "Sir, can you finish in one breath."

Shen Yu smiled, opened the window, looked at the qi ripples in the sky, and said, "It's time to leave."

The boy's eyes lit up when he heard the words. These days, waiting for nothing every day is really hard.

The inspections by officers and soldiers on the street are not so frequent, and Guiyun Xianzong's defenses are becoming more and more relaxed. Obviously, everyone thinks that the thief dares to stay here.

From Pingyao Ancient Town to the east, you need to take a boat and pass through an open sea before you can travel all the way east to Dongzuzhou.

The two came to the ancient town ferry,

At this time, countless boats, big and small, were facing each other one after another. I thought there was a river about a hundred feet wide in the distance, and here was a river from the ancient town to the open sea.

Shen Yu suddenly stopped in her tracks.

A figure with a pretty face appeared in front of him.

It was the woman whose practice path had been cut off a few days ago, who stood there quietly at this time, with some dust on the corners of her clothes, as if she had waited for a long time.

She looked a little tired, but her eyes were surprisingly bright. She said, "I want to make a deal with you. You send me to Yunxianzong. You decide how much you want to pay."

Shen Yu said lightly: "I don't need money, and this kind of thing is meaningless."

With a calm expression, Lu Caiwei took out something and said, "I'll give you this too."

"You are very smart."

Shen Yu looked at the silver bracelet in her hand and said, "But if you go there, you will die. I don't like doing such meaningless things."

The woman with an ordinary face but an unusually mature and attractive body walked towards Shen Yu step by step, resting on a foot, she said calmly: "Luo Baobracelet, plus five hundred taels of gold, and...my body."

Shen Yu looked at her indifferently.

Lu Caiwei didn't show the slightest change in emotion, and continued: "I'm still a virgin, and I only have this condition once. Although I can't take off the mask now, I am confident that my appearance is better than any woman in the world."

The tone is very confident. From Shen Yu's point of view, women in the world treat their appearance just like monks treat their own realm, confident and a little arrogant.

But Shen Yu didn't care about this sentence.

He just looked at Lu Caiwei's eyes, and found that those eyes were full of calm, like stagnant water, with a hidden tenacity and sadness.

"You said that I am not suitable to step into the world of practice, so I am learning how to do it now. You give me what I want, and I will give me everything."

Lu Caiwei showed a look of disdain, and said: "Aren't you men like this? We each take what we need, why are you still hesitating."

The boy in black was about to curse when he heard this, but Shen Yu waved his hand to stop him.

Shen Yu nodded: "Yes."

"What?" Li Fugui was taken aback, and looked at Shen Yu with a strange expression.

The disdain on Lu Caiwei's face became stronger, and she sneered and said, "I hope you can respect me a little bit on the way, and when I finish what I want to do, I will naturally fulfill my promise."

She took a deep breath. Fu Fu said, "Don't take away the little good feeling you have left in my heart."

Shen Yu looked at the big ship that was about to arrive at the port, ignored her sarcasm, and said, "It seems that you already understand some rules and principles in the practice world, but you seem to sneer at them."

Lu Caiwei said coldly: "This is your reasoning, selfishness, interests first, I have no way to change and resist, but I don't believe that everyone in the world is like this, I will practice, but the way I choose in the future is definitely not like this."

"Can."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "I hope you can prove it to me in the future."


		