

Shen Yu stood by the lake and watched for a long time.

He didn't stop looking from a distance until the earth-shaking movement in the sky ended in his ears.

Li Yi who shot with all his strength was very strong, it can be said that he was unreasonable.

Practitioners in the upper three realms mobilize the spiritual power of the heavens and the earth, and martial artists who have reached this realm are themselves the most powerful forces in the world.

Countless young monks who were qualified to witness this battle and even the elders showed incomprehensible shocked expressions.

Only Shen Yu looked calm.

That level of combat may never be possible for ordinary people.

But for him, although it was far away, it was not too far away.

Five years at most.

The saint from Yao Chi looked at him with a smile and said, "If you fought him with all your strength just now, would you be confident?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "It doesn't make sense."

In the battle just now, Li Yi naturally lowered his cultivation and seemed to be restrained, but his physique, which was comparable to the upper three realms, still had a great advantage.

If the two people practice at the same age, Shen Yu is confident that she will win.

He practiced cultivation at the age of ten, stepped into the Immortal Ascension Realm at the age of sixteen, and entered the Tribulation Realm at the age of eighteen, which is what the world calls the upper three realms of true immortality.

When it comes to breaking speed and age, he is also confident that he is among the top three in the past three thousand years.

The spiritual power dissipated, and the sun shone down from the clouds again, painting a layer of color on the quiet and peaceful lake.

The bright and charming noble woman still did not leave.

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly and asked, "What's the matter?"

He Pianpian looked into the distance, and said with a gentle smile: "Yao Chi will have a peach festival in three months, and most of the people from the Nine Holy Lands will come here. I wonder if you have time?"

"Yaochi?"

Shen Yu was silent for a while, and for the first time there were some waves in his eyes, like memories, like emotions, with complicated emotions.

"I'll be there."

After a long time, Shen Yu nodded in agreement.

"Okay, then I will meet you in a grand manner."

He Pianpian smiled at Shen Yu with a charming smile.

The disciples of Guiyun Xianzong who were watching nearby were in a daze when they saw this scene.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to this smile, and did not respond at all, very indifferent.

This scene seems to make people feel that he is too cold and arrogant, but it is not.

Because Shen Yu knows more secrets than ordinary people.

For example, the people of Yaochi are best at illusion and charm in secret, especially women. This seemingly gentle-tempered and out-of-this-world fairy is definitely not as simple as she appears on the surface.

Shen Yu doesn't care about the opponent's tricks, but she won't take the initiative to touch this bad luck out of boredom.

I did it once when I was young and frivolous, but it was enough.


a day later.

Yaochi He Pianpian finally left.

Shen Yu went to the attic, did not know what he had said to Jiang Zhouyao, and walked out after half an hour.

Then he came to the top of the Buddha statue.

The spirit monkey appeared in front of Shen Yu in an instant.

Feeling the gust of wind in front of her, Shen Yu sat cross-legged and said, "I'm leaving, when you finish repaying your return to Yunxianzong, come to me, and I'll take you to Western Lingshan. "

The little monkey clasped his hands together and bent slightly to express his gratitude.

Shen Yu also nodded slightly.

The little monkey's ancestors used to be in Lingshan in Xihezhou, and it also wanted to follow the path of the ancestors to practice, but it's just a place where the sea has changed. I don't know if it still has such deep hatred for itself.

Fortunately, Shen Yu agreed to this matter when they first met.

This is also one of the reasons why this spirit monkey has been protecting Shen Yu.

After Shen Yu finished speaking, she closed her eyes.

Suddenly, countless auras in the sky were frantically directed at Shen Yu, flowing into the sea like ten thousand.

This kind of cultivation method can be described as extremely domineering, and it immediately attracted the attention of many people.

It's just that when their shock was slowly replaced by numbness, everyone gradually became normal before the vision of heaven and earth ended.

Dozens of Taoist disciples in the distance felt the familiar atmosphere in the sky, and they couldn't help talking.

"Brother Shen Yu, isn't he afraid of the aura exploding?"

"What do you know, senior brother Shen Yu is a person who can be equal to Li Yi in the same situation, and still worry about such a small problem?"

"Senior brother Shen Yu usually doesn't speak much, and every fight is shocking, but I didn't expect that he would be so domineering when he cultivated."

"People don't talk harshly much."

"Little brother is a bit unfamiliar, you are..."

"The next one is Senior Brother Shen Yu's number one younger brother, Ding Yi of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty."


Shen Yu practiced on top of the Buddha statue for three days.

Three days later, as he slowly opened his eyes, the world around him finally returned to calm.

Shen Yu jumped off the top of the Buddha, and then walked out of Guiyun Xianzong under the admiring eyes of everyone.

He paused for a while at a fork in the road outside the Zongmen, as if he remembered something, raised his head and looked around, then decided on a direction, and walked forward.

Passing through a not-so-steep path, walking across a stone bridge with a long history, and walking all the way, after half an hour, I came to a village.

An extremely conspicuous wooden sign is hung on the trunk of an ancient ginkgo tree, engraved with the three characters of Caomiao Village.

Shen Yu stood under the tree and looked up slightly, but did not make the slightest movement.

But within a short while, there were countless footsteps in the village.

Several old people fishing by the river, men busy with farm work, and children playing outside the ruined temple in the village all gathered here.

Shen Yu looked at their fearful and admiring eyes, and realized something.

He stepped into the Realm of the Cave, and the Realm of the Cave is known as the Realm of Immortals. Ordinary people are naturally afraid of this momentum.

The next moment, Shen Yu closed her eyes slightly.

calm.

But in the eyes of countless villagers, they only felt that the fairy who was lingering with fairy spirit seemed to be a different person.

Although it is still dusty, it is not so illusory and far away from the world.

Shen Yu walked forward.

The crowd instantly dispersed from the middle, revealing a spacious passage.

An old man with a cane came out and finally had the courage to ask: "I don't know why the immortal is here?"

Shen Yu's eyes slowly swept across the villagers, and then fixed on a boy who opened his mouth wide and looked a little surprised.

Shen Yu said: "Have you considered it?"

The boy shook his head subconsciously, then nodded quickly, and then shook his head again for some reason.

It seems silly.


It was already afternoon, and the golden sunlight penetrated through the clouds and sprinkled on the brown farmland, like a dream.

Under the ginkgo tree full of golden leaves.

Shen Yu sat on a stone bench, and Du Shenyan stood beside him a little restlessly.

When he went to Guiyunxianzong a few days ago, due to the large number of practitioners, he didn't pay much attention to the temperament on Shen Yu's body.

But when the other party came today, just standing in front of everyone was extremely dazzling, making people feel ashamed.

Du Shenyan looked at the tattered pair of straw sandals on his feet, feeling unable to lift his head for some reason.

Countless villagers stood far away, stretching their necks and looking at this side.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to these gazes, with a calm expression, just waiting for the other party's answer.

He has no plans to take in apprentices, but there are too many things going on recently, so he wants to go around.

And he once promised to give this little guy a choice, as long as it is something he promised, no matter how small or big, it is something to do.

"I...I don't want to go."

After an unknown amount of time, Du Shenyan said with a guilty conscience.

Shen Yu looked as usual, hummed lightly, and asked casually: "The little girl behind you a few days ago?"

Du Shenyan's eyes darkened suddenly, and he curled his lips and said, "In Xiahang Village next door, there is a wealthy little boy who was accepted as a disciple by the gods of the nearby sect. She has been celebrating with wine these days, so she also went there to play." ,... what a good show."

The words were very resentful, Shen Yu just smiled after listening.

"Actually, I don't want to practice. I am reluctant to leave here. At that time, it was just to show off in front of her."

The boy hesitated for a while and said, "I'm not afraid that her family will look down on me, but what I'm afraid of is...she will look down on me in the future too."

Children from poor families headed home early.

Even ordinary people don't like to deal with such trivial matters, but for some reason, Shen Yu took the initiative to talk to her: "Why do you think so?"

Du Shenyan sighed, and said, "Because I recently discovered that she doesn't like to play with me anymore, especially after the guy from Hang Village appeared, she often quarreled with me."

The straw-shoe boy scratched his head, and said sullenly, "I'm really afraid that she will despise me as a poor boy who doesn't know anything."

Shen Yu said: "Since this is the case, shouldn't you beg to be my apprentice?"

Du Shenyan was silent for a while, then whispered: "But if that's the case, I will never see her again, I would rather she despise me, and I also hope to see her live a good life with my own eyes, a hundred years! For a long, long time, I will definitely die of grief."

Shen Yu looked up, the setting sun was like blood in the distance, and a few cattle and sheep were coming back from the mountains, leisurely and peaceful, and a piece of leisure.

He narrowed his eyes slightly, and for some reason he felt a little uneasy in his heart.

Shen Yu didn't like the emotion in Du Shen's words. In his eyes, everything should be simple and straightforward.

"Du Shenyan." Shen Yu shouted.

"what?"

The boy whose name was called inexplicably was a little apprehensive, probably because he wants to settle accounts with Qiu Hou and deal with me.

"I have seen a lot of things and heard a lot of truths, so I know that the trivial things in the world, the more humble they become, the more complicated they become. This is the case in the past."

Shen Yu put on a reasonable posture for the first time, and said: "When I was young, when I was chatting with a woman, I said that ordinary women in the world were too vulgar to be seen, and then she told me a truth."

Du Shenyan stretched his neck, a little uncertain: "She didn't kill you?"

Shen Yu gave him a strange look.

The young man straightened his expression immediately, and said solemnly: "Say what you say."

Shen Yu narrowed her eyes, as if she was recalling, and said softly: "Then she told me two truths, one is human affairs, such as drinking water, you know how warm and cold you are, and the other is that you should not forget your original intention when you encounter problems, and you will have a beginning and an end. .”

Du Shenyan asked in confusion, "What do you mean?"

Shen Yu said slowly: "The first reason is to tell you that sometimes, an ordinary girl from an ordinary family is a little fussy, a little comparison, and a little ruthless. It may not be pleasing, but there is nothing wrong with it. Maybe a lot Years later, ten years, twenty years, when she lived the life she wanted, she would feel that she was ridiculous and stupid at the beginning, but that was also a normal thing, many women who had never seen the world at the beginning were like this, but That's just a little embarrassment in the face of a strange world, nothing more."

Shen Yu paused, and then said with emotion: "As for the second reason, it is to tell you, don't think that others have changed because of a little inevitable trivial matter, it is not good, you must remember your original intention, and you should work harder , because childhood sweetheart, what a wonderful thing. '

Du Shenyan seems to understand but not understand.

Shen Yu stood up and said, "Now go to Guiyun Xianzong and say I'm gone."

"So fast."

"go."

Du Shenyan nodded, raised his legs and ran away.

Shen Yu held a few ginkgo leaves in her hand, and walked casually on the mountain road.

In fact, many people appeared in front of this dilapidated small mountain village at some point.

Returning to Yunxianzong disciples, Daozong disciples, Yuan Cheng, Ding Yi, Jiang Zhouyao, Yun Qing, Guiyunxianzong Taishang Elder...

Yun Qing looked at the figure who was rushing back to Yunxianzong, and calmly said: "That kid?"

Jiang Zhou said with a smile: "Just accept it. Shen Yu found a disciple for us at Guiyun Xianzong. I don't think his vision is too bad."

With his back to the crowd, Shen Yu walked a hundred feet, and waved his right hand casually in the air to signal his farewell.

next moment.

The sword light suddenly appeared.

Shen Yu turned into a ray of light and disappeared into the setting sun instantly.


		