

As the sea of ​​flames spread, the spear soared into the sky, piercing the sky.

The hot air from the scorching sun on the tip of the spear made everyone's faces flushed, and they were all extremely surprised. The power of this innate spirit treasure is so astonishing.

"Using his own true intentions to activate the natal spirit treasure, and judging from his condition, it seems that he has already shown signs of becoming one with the spirit of the weapon. Fang Hen is indeed extremely talented."

Real Daofan saw this scene, frowned slightly, and said solemnly: "That kid has met his opponent."

The Immortal Journey Boundary of Taoism means that after one's own yin body has been condensed, one becomes the Yang God. If one goes further, one can reach the combined state of Yin and Yang. In this state, not only the power of perception of heaven and earth is greatly increased, but also the Yang God and the spirit of the weapon are blended, and the body It is even more able to get a substantial blessing from the spirit of the weapon, so as to surpass its own realm power.

This method is very similar to a method of sanctification passed down from ancient times, which entrusts one's own obsession to the Lingbao, and becomes a transcendence of heaven and earth without restraint.

It's just that this method is extremely harsh, and an innate spirit treasure that can give birth to a weapon spirit is rare.

Throughout the thousands of years of Taoism, countless talented disciples have tried to achieve Taoism in this way, but there are only a handful of disciples who succeeded in the end.

Although Fang Hen didn't seem to have achieved the unity with the Lingbao body at this time, he seemed to have embarked on this road to enlightenment, which is a very remarkable thing.

Fang Hen stood with a gun in his hand, but didn't make a move.

In his opinion, Shen Yu did not escape the previous blow, even if he was not dead at this time, he was almost a useless person.

Just when he was about to sneer a few times proudly, Fang Hen noticed strange eyes from around him.

All of them stared at one person with wide eyes.

Fang Hen looked up.

boom!

An extremely cold sword energy erupted from the afterimage of besieging Shen Yu, and swept the entire high platform in an instant.

As the sword energy dissipated, two figures appeared in front of everyone.

Shen Yu stood at the forefront, her blue gown was slightly damaged, but her expression was calm and her body was still upright.

On the right side of him, a cold woman appeared at some point, her slender body was floating with the wind, and those illusory eyes seemed to be able to see everything.

"This is the spiritual body of the Xiantian Lingbao!" Countless people exclaimed.

"Didn't you say you can run away if you can't fight?"

Jing Qing glanced around, frowned and said, "It seems that you are at a disadvantage."

Shen Yu said with a smile: "I can fight, but I just encountered a little trouble, so I ask you to help."

Jing Qing asked doubtfully, "Can you beat him?"

"certainly."

Shen Yu nodded, then clenched the wooden sword in his hand.

After a moment of silence, Jing Qing said, "Okay."

As soon as the words fell, a misty red aura emerged out of thin air, and then entangled the two of them. The misty aura was like a rope connecting the head and tail of the two of them.

Then, a vortex of spiritual power appeared above the heads of the two of them, and the vortex turned faster and faster.

Countless spiritual power poured into Shen Yu's body crazily, while the phantom on the other side became weaker and weaker, as if it was blown away by the wind.

Everyone looked at this scene, a little puzzled.

Fang Hen's pupils constricted, his face full of disbelief.

"Item spirit filling?"

The leader of Qifeng recognized the situation and let out an exclamation.

The phantom of Jing Qing in the sky had completely dissipated, and Shen Yu's breath began to rise suddenly.

In the late stage of the Golden Core Realm, the Realm of the Cave, and then at the peak of the Realm of the Dao Cave...

In the end, for some reason, the realm came to an abrupt end at this stage.

"Only half an hour."

Jing Qing's voice came to mind in Shen Yu's heart lake, like a drop of water falling into the lake surface, causing ripples.

"it is good."

Shen Yu took a deep breath of relief, and an indescribable sense of power filled her whole body.

It's like a river that has been thirsty for a long time has met the rain. Although the entire river cannot be filled with water, it is always exciting.

"It's just another trick."

Fang Hen squinted his eyes and said lightly: "Even if you rely on the secret method to forcibly raise the realm to the real cave realm? It's still vulnerable."

"yes?"

Shen Yu said calmly: "The reason why I only reached this level is because I think it is enough."

Shen Yu pointed the wooden sword in his right hand towards the sky, and then the sword body lost a burst of bloody light, which was strange and eerie.

"For monks in the world, there is no distinction between Dharma cultivation and sword cultivation. You say that my Taoist spells are mediocre."

Shen Yu stepped forward, and said calmly: "Then let you see, what is a Taoist spell."

boom!

Shen Yu silently recited the Dao Jue.

The originally calm sky began to become cloudy, and then large black clouds began to revolve around Jing Qingjian.

Fang Hen's heart palpitated for no reason, and then he used his determination to force the red spear to slam into the black clouds in the sky.

After the domineering red cyclone collided with the black clouds in the sky, it immediately turned into nothingness.

There were bursts of thunder in the black clouds.

Shen Yu still pointed his sword at the sky, his body remained motionless.

With the sound of the great avenue, the rotation of the black cloud gradually slowed down.

Looking at this scene in the arena, everyone seemed to think of something, and their faces showed horror.

Zixiao Shenlei.

This is the most powerful magic spell for slaying demons and demons in the Taoist sect. The power of the divine thunder is almost comparable to that of the cultivator.

Seeing this scene, Daofan Daoist admired and said: "My Taoist sect has tens of thousands of spells, and the Nine Heavens Zixiao Shenlei technique is the first. Now, except for the head of my Taoist sect, there is no one who can control this sect. It's a spell, I didn't expect Shen Yu to be able to use it with the cultivation base of the real cave, it is really the body of the innate Taoism."

Su Mo didn't speak, but narrowed his eyes slightly, as if recalling the days when he revised the "Tai Xuan Dao Canon" with his younger brother.

boom!

Purple thunder fell from the sky.

Fang Hen wanted to stretch out his hand to resist, but it was of no avail. In an instant, the earth-shattering divine thunder had hit his body, and then he spit out a mouthful of blood and fell slowly on the high platform.

Shen Yu didn't continue to use Taoism, and stood quietly on the spot, holding the wooden sword casually.

Fang Hen's eyes were full of hatred, he covered his chest, and stared at Shen Yu.

"Still too weak."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "The talent is far behind Yu Wenwen."

Following Shen Yu's words, Fang Hen's face became more and more gloomy.

Immediately afterwards, Fang He stood up suddenly, and Wei'an's figure soared into the sky, suspended in midair like a god descending from the earth.

In the center of the square of the Patriarch Hall, Fang Hen stopped in the air a hundred feet close to the ground.

He crossed his arms around his chest, loosened the Dao Jue in his mouth, and then made a mysterious handprint, the aura of the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary spread from his body, and then permeated the entire high platform.

The sea of ​​clouds in the sky seemed to stop flowing and turning at this moment.

"I underestimated you before."

Fang Hen's eyes were red, his face showed a ferocious look, and he roared angrily: "Today, I will send you to reincarnation."

"Use your body as a seal, cover the ground."

As Fang Hen's resentful words were spoken, the whole world was shaken, and then a huge handprint appeared in the sky, and the terrifying breath seemed to be the end of the day.

In the end, the whole platform flew sand and rocks, and the huge palm was burning with hot flames, and it suppressed towards the delicate figure in the center.

"town."

Ferris roared.

The sky collapsed, and the Qingzhuoshi high platform was already in flames.

The disciples off the field were almost blinded by the violent wind, but they still used their spiritual power to resist, and they didn't want to miss this wonderful scene. Some disciples with deep cultivation felt the handprints coming from the ground, thinking that this way Compared with Shen Yu's Zixiao Shenlei before, the method is not much better.

The three hall masters looked at this scene with serious expressions, and the spiritual power in their bodies also quietly circulated.

Under such a powerful Taoism, even the great practitioners of the upper three realms must be extremely careful, otherwise the two genius disciples in the field competition are very likely to fall due to a little carelessness.

Lou Lianzhao snorted coldly, and said, "He didn't hesitate to use up his vital energy to forcibly use this kind of Taoism. You are not afraid that his energy will be exhausted and he will become a useless person from now on."

Xun Ju's face was expressionless, he ignored Fu Fu's ridicule, and just looked indifferently into the field.

Reverend Daoxuan was on the high platform and said: "If you admit defeat, that's okay."

He also thought that Shen Yu couldn't take over the Taoism that he would not hesitate to use the essence of his life to stimulate. This has nothing to do with talent, but just the gap between realm and spiritual power.

It's just that Shen Yu turned a deaf ear to these words, as if he didn't hear them.

Under everyone's gaze, he slowly raised the wooden sword in his hand, and then pointed the sword at the sky.

Facing the annihilation method performed by an Immortal Ascension Boundary expert at all costs, he did not back down, and there was a trace of nostalgia in his eyes.

Shen Yu thought in her heart that it had been many years.

It has been a long, long time since no one has been able to give himself such a passionate feeling.

"This is the most interesting way to fight."

Shen Yu murmured.

In the next moment, countless blood-colored sword lights shot up into the sky, and the sword energy was as thick as a mountain peak.

Shen Yu smiled slightly.

There is indomitable spirit in the smile.

Countless people's eyes were amazed by this peerless sword.

Yu Wenwen looked at that smile, and some puzzles and questions in the past were finally resolved.

Shen Yu asked the sky with his sword.

His figure and sword energy merged into one, and his whole body was like a sword, stabbing towards the huge handprint in the sky.

"I break the sky with one sword."

Shen Yu's unrestrained laughter spread mightily, and finally spread throughout the square of the Patriarch Hall.


		