

Shen Yu looked at it carefully for a while, then put a night pearl beside her into her sleeve, and then continued to float towards a black rock in front of her.

Down the line of sight, there are small fragments emitting white light in the gaps in the sea water between the black rocks.

It was the bone-crushed remains of some giant beast.

Seeing this scene, Shen Yu was silent for a while, and swam forward without stopping.

When he was at the bow of the boat earlier, he saw the scene of the strange beast in the sea attacking the two children, but he didn't take action.

In addition to being caught off guard at the beginning, more importantly, he needed this reason to go to the sea to take a look.

And that split second was enough for him to do other things.

For example, put a wisp of your own original breath on the body of a child.

The further forward, the greater the poisonous gas and pressure of the seawater, and even Shen Yu felt a little bit of effort.

Fortunately, the strange beast finally started to move up slowly, left the water surface, and stopped somewhere.

Shen Yu closed her eyes, waiting for this moment.

“Mizuton.”

Shen Yu made a simple seal with both hands, and murmured slightly.

The next moment, Shen Yu, who was moving slowly like a fish, was like a rainbow light in the water, galloping at a terrifying speed without the slightest resistance.

After a while.

A big wave exploded on the surface of the water, and Shen Yu landed on a rock on the surface of the sea.

Looking around, there is a steep rock like a small island in front of it, and on the rock stands a monster similar to a black turtle. Its whole body is like ink, with a hideous expression. There is a tail like a tentacle behind the turtle shell, which is extremely sharp. Like a scorpion.

The two children fell at the feet of the monster, both unconscious.

"Dragon turtle?"

Shen Yu glanced at it, not surprised.

Sensing the danger, the strange beast let out a low growl, and stared at the uninvited guest in front of it.

The dragon tortoise has the only surviving ancient dragon blood, so it has a tail similar to that of a snake, but judging from the size of the dragon tortoise in front of it, it is far from reaching adulthood.

What's more, the adult dragon tortoise is far from being a strong opponent to Shen Yu.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye and quietly looked at the surrounding environment.

This is an isolated island made up of black rocks, and the breeze blows with a faint fishy smell of sea water.

There is a dilapidated wooden house built on the rock, and it seems that no one has lived there.

Standing on the shore, Long Gui roared angrily when he saw the other party's contemptuous expression, and the tail behind him was ready to move.

Shen Yu withdrew his gaze.

He still has some questions that he hasn't clarified, but obviously the monster in front of him can't answer his questions.

So Shen Yu didn't waste any time.

The sword light surged, and the sea breeze on the sea surface rushed.

Shen Yu, with a sharp sword aura, stepped out and came to Long Gui, holding the wooden sword Jing Qing in his hand.

Su Mo had already given him the fairy sword back.

Feeling the threat of death, the terrified Dragon Turtle raised its head to the sky and roared, retracting its head into the turtle shell, the black turtle shell on its back glowed dimly, and the giant tail behind it swept out like a long whip, grazing straight towards Shen Jade.

The tail of the dragon tortoise is a sharp weapon for killing, and the shell is a treasure of defense. Although the level is not high, it is a rare beast with both offense and defense.

If it is an ordinary person, it will be difficult to kill them without two levels of realm.

It's a pity that it met Shen Yu.

To deal with these strange beasts handed down from ancient times, the man in front of it may be one of the most experienced practitioners in the world.

The breeze picked up again, and Shen Yu's footsteps moved, easily avoiding the sweeping range of Dragon Palace's tail.

next breath.

It instantly appeared above the dragon turtle.

He didn't choose to attack the tail first, but aimed at the hardest turtle shell on the opponent's body.

next moment.

Shen Yu gently pointed the tip of the sword at the center of the turtle shell, and then the palm of her right hand touched the hilt.

The raging sword energy overflowed.

"Aw!"

The dragon tortoise wailed in pain, its strong limbs seemed to be unable to support its body anymore, and it knelt down heavily.

A crack appeared above the seemingly indestructible turtle shell, and then slowly spread out like a spider web.

Shen Yu pressed down gently with the palm of his hand.

There was only a sound like an explosion, and most of the tortoise's shell completely shattered and fell to the ground.

Shen Yu didn't look back, and stretched out her left hand backwards, just in time to grab the giant tail that stabbed silently behind her.

The two breaths shook violently, and Shen Yu's left hand did not move at all.

next breath.

Shen Yu grabbed the hilt of the sword with her right hand and waved it back slightly.

The sword energy crossed the tail, and blood gushed out.

Cut off the tail with one sword.


Black blood stains eroded the ground, and the smell of blood was mixed with the fishy smell of the sea breeze.

The two children fell asleep beside them, but they still didn't wake up.

The whole set of smooth and flowing movements just now, no matter if anyone sees them, they will feel extremely chic and freehand.

But Shen Yu didn't show any expression.

He stood on top of the dying beast, silent.

Is the dragon tortoise the legendary ghost?

of course not.

So why did Dragon Turtle capture the two children?


A dark aura rushed over the low-hanging black clouds, and a majestic coercion hovered above.

A black shadow that seemed to stand tall and upright emerged from the distant mist.

It was like... a giant stood between the sky and the earth, and the old bronze-like arms could still be vaguely seen.

The weeping singing began to appear again, echoing in Shen Yu's ears.

Shen Yu put her hands behind her back and watched quietly.

The black shadow was getting closer and closer, so the figure in front of Shen Yu's eyes was getting bigger and bigger.

"The trick of scaring people really can't calm me down."

"I have a question for you."

The air stagnates slightly.

Shen Yu looked as usual, with a trace of curiosity in his eyes, and said: "What method did you use to avoid Yaochi and swallow the ghost? And it seems that you have been successful for a long time, and you have been staying under Yaochi's nose. for many years."

The violent atmosphere around stopped, and there was an instant silence.

Shen Yu ignored the changes in the surroundings and continued: "Your disguise is indeed very good, because no one in the world has seen the real face of the ghost, but since you have swallowed it, you should know that the essence of the ghost is actually an ordinary and simple sea beast , because of fear, it only shows the image of a giant to the world, and its actual combat power is not strong."

The giant figure still didn't speak, and the breath above the clouds flowed slowly.

"It doesn't matter if you don't say anything."

Shen Yu paused, and said: "What I care more about now is that since you are not a ghost, then your purpose of arresting these two children is to... lure me out?"

A cold voice came from above the giant figure's head: "What else?"

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said casually: "You should come from the land of Qianchuan, and only the land of Qianchuan has a way to devour ghosts and beasts."

There was another silence.

If someone could see that person's expression, they would find that there was an unconcealable surprise and astonishment on the other person's face.

Suddenly.

The phantom as high as the sky in the distance disappeared, the fog cleared, and a hunchbacked old man holding a blue wooden crutch appeared in the world.

With a gloomy and cold voice, he said with a subterranean smile: "Shen Yu, Taoist sect, really deserves his reputation."


		