

indoor.

Everyone still didn't react.

The old woman from the Qingxu sect stared at the game that had ended, still feeling unbelievable.

She doesn't understand array deduction, but she can clearly see the situation in the field.

That boy with an inexplicable background didn't use any weird or unpredictable tricks, nor did he shock the world, it was just a simple trick.

But in every battlefield, every battle, no matter how big the difference in strength between the two sides is, in the end he can always win with a weak force, and then add up to a large number, bringing together the weak advantages of the various battlefields to form the final battle. victory.

Compared with the old woman's superficial gaze, Nangong Rou, who is better at formation techniques, had a deeper understanding of it, so she was even more shocked.

Just now, Shen Yu used the remaining troops to fight on the nine fronts. Every place was at a disadvantage, but in the end, he always won unexpectedly and miserably.

In other words, he has never lost in the nine battles he fought.

And this method of fighting, means, is almost crushing without any suspense.

This means that Shen Yu's control over the subtleties has reached an astonishing level, and it also means that the disciple of the Qingxu Sect is not at the same level as him.

There was a brief silence.

As several lines of sight converged on the three members of the Qingxu faction, the atmosphere became weird again.

Shen Yu said: "You can climb now."

The old woman narrowed her eyes slightly, flickering, and finally said slowly: "Leave a line in life, so we can meet each other in the future."

Shen Yu looked indifferent and did not speak.

"Do you know what your name is?"

Yang Pan'er sneered, and said playfully, "It's embarrassing to be a rascal by licking your face!"

The old woman had no expression on her face, and said lightly: "I said before, you must be careful when you speak."

Yang Pan'er raised her delicate chin and said, "Damn! Shameless ugly bastard."

"Ha ha..."

The old woman sneered, slightly holding her sleeves.

In an instant, a cold light flew towards the girl's abdomen.

Although it is impossible to kill this little girl, it is still okay to suffer a little bit of flesh and blood.

She has already made up her mind that in the future, after the young master gets tired of playing with this mortal girl, she will come and teach her what the rules are.

The cold mang roared.

The dull man behind Nangong Rou opened his eyes slightly, unmoved.

Shen Yu leaned forward slightly, then stopped suddenly.

Because the old servant of the Yang family stood in front of Yang Pan'er.

Then the cold light shot from the old woman's sleeve stopped abruptly, revealing her true face.

It turned out to be a silver needle with a stunning light, and the tip of the needle emitted blue light.

"Humph!"

As the old servant's eyes gradually turned cold, an extremely gloomy aura surged out, instantly permeating the spacious room, making countless people feel as if they had fallen into a cellar of ice.

next moment.

The old woman who jumped down from the killer suddenly spit out a mouthful of blood without any warning, and hit the wall behind her directly.

Immediately afterwards, the other two young disciples of the Qingxu School did exactly the same thing and flew out at the same time.

The scene was eerily quiet.

Nangongrou looked at the inconspicuous old servant with a look of surprise. In recent years, she already knew about the inside story of the Yang family, but this ordinary old servant should be so tyrannical. It surprised her a little.

Different from the shock of the Nangong family and the disciples of the Qingxu sect, Shen Yu felt the unusually cold aura, frowned slightly, and then glanced at the old servant lightly.

The expressionless old servant took a step forward and stretched out his hands, but before he could do anything, he was stopped by the dull man from the Nangong family in the field.

Nangong Rou said with a smile: "If there is any grievance that can be resolved outside, it cannot be done in my Nangong family."

Yang Pan'er also knew that the matter was serious, so she tugged on the old servant's sleeve and said in a low voice, "Uncle Zhao...forget it."

The old servant narrowed his eyes slightly, then said with a smile, "That's fine."


The three of them walked out of Sifang Pavilion again, and returned to Yang's house in a carriage.

Yang Pan'er didn't know why she was suddenly depressed again.

The old servant who showed his power in Sifang Pavilion just now bought a few lifelike sugar figurines on the bustling street, and immediately made the little girl smile.

Sitting in the carriage, Shen Yu looked at the sugar figurine in his hand, hesitated for a while, and took a sip.

On the way, the car curtain was suddenly raised.

It turned out that Uncle Zhao suddenly remembered something and said he had to deal with something, so on the way home there were two people again.

All the way silent.

Shen Yu spoke first.

He looked at the little girl next to him eating the sugar figurine mouthful after mouthful, and said in puzzlement, "Since you're not happy, why pretend?"

Yang Pan'er looked confused.

Shen Yu said lightly: "Shen Shen is something that cannot be pretended."

The girl lowered her head slightly, unable to see her expression.

She gently rotated the sugar figurine in her hand with two fingers, and said in an indifferent tone: "I, since I was a child, every time I was unhappy, Dad and Uncle Zhao would buy me delicious sugar figurines and candied haws. , I was really happy when I was young, but people will grow up, and I have already passed the age of sugar lovers."

Yang Paner stared at the sugar man closely, and then said: "But Dad and Uncle Zhao both want to see me happy. They are already very tired. I can't be unhappy all the time. It's ignorant to do this. Sometimes, seeing Father and those guys from the Qingxu sect were arguing about my marriage, so I just thought about getting married and forgetting about it, anyway, I always want to get married."

Shen Yu said: "Aren't you practicing sword? Whoever wants to stop you, just slash through with a sword."

Yang Pan'er wrinkled her nose, and snorted, "I know my swordsmanship is not very good, but let me tell you, my sister is very good. She is now practicing in Taoism, and she will become a great master in the future." Practitioners will come back, so I am not afraid of those people from the Qingxu sect."

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then said, "Tell me about the Qingxu Sect."

Yang Pan'er tilted her head and said, "Why?"

Shen Yu looked at the passing scenery outside the window, and said lightly: "I am also very good, let's see if I can help you solve it."


"Yan Nantian, the head of the Qingxu Sect, is a practitioner of the fifth realm of Taoism. The big-tailed wolf who wants to marry me is named Yan Yunyu, and he is Yan Nantian's son."

"Um."

"However, the Qingxu faction has a very powerful backer, Duanren Mountain in Dongzu Prefecture, Guiyun Xianzong knows it, Duanren Mountain is only a little worse than Guiyun Xianzong's big sect."

"anything else."

"I've heard some rumors that the reason why Duanren Mountain protects Qingxu sect so much is because Yan Yunyu was taken in by a real fairy woman in Duanren Mountain and accepted as her own disciple, but in reality he is that woman The face of the real fairy is really disgusting!"

"Gone?"

"Nope."

"Oh."

The carriage finally stopped.

Before getting off the carriage, Yang Pan'er turned her head suddenly, and asked puzzledly, "Why do you know I'm pretending to be happy?"

Shen Yu looked at the candy figurine in his hand, frowned and said, "Because I can't understand this kind of unpalatable food, someone will eat it so happily."

Yang Pan'er was silent for a while, and then said helplessly: "Do you know where you ate, the heat is too hot, it's already mushy."

The air was suddenly quiet.

The girl shook her head helplessly and left.

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then opened his mouth and ate another part, chewed carefully, and said to himself: "It's still hard to eat."


		