

Spring goes and autumn comes, another year.

The disciples who practiced in the mountains have heard about some major events that happened in Linghuang.

The formation of the Great Wall in the North appeared to be loose, and alien races that had not appeared for hundreds of years actually appeared on the periphery of the Great Wall, and even small-scale alien races began to attack the Great Wall. Aliens killed.

Afterwards, Song Nu of Qingdi City broke out after 70 years of seclusion, climbed to the ninth floor that night, punched out, the water of the Milky Way instantly hung upside down, the clouds and clouds of the nine heavens all fell, and the vision of heaven and earth can be seen for thousands of miles.

What caught the attention of countless young monks the most was that the Zhongzhou Academy once again opened the third floor. Some sages in the academy passed out a list, which ranked all the young monks in the world. Practitioners in the world call it Lingyun list, it is no surprise that the top 20 on this list are almost all from the nine holy places.

Yu Wenwen, a swordsman from the Taoist sect, holds the ninth place on the Lingyun Ranking.

But the top three on this list were deliberately concealed by the academy with awe-inspiring aura, so they never showed their names.

With the appearance of the Lingyun List, the peace that had been silent for hundreds of years in the Linghuang Continent was broken. Fights and fights became more and more commonplace. Even sects such as the Dark Tower, which were hidden underground, surfaced and began to assassinate Lingyun. Genius on the list.

Following the fall of several young monks, the rangers of Chang'an City in the Tang Dynasty also traveled around the world to suppress chaos.

As for Daozong, which is located in the southwest, many things have happened.

After three years of practice, Ye Zhiqiu, who had not long entered the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, unexpectedly condensed liquid into a pill, and stepped into the golden alchemy realm.

There is another one, Jiang Shaoqiu who joined the Yanfa Temple. Since he got the natal Lingbao 'Qiankun Ruler' from the founder of Chunyang, his cultivation has improved by leaps and bounds. Even several senior brothers who have been in the field for a long time cannot resist his attack.

Of course, the most speechless one is the little uncle in Duzhen Hall, she doesn't practice, she runs around all day long, giving old-fashioned advice to everyone, and every time she gets a lot of disciples. The respectful voice of my junior uncle.

Compared with these famous young disciples, Shen Yu, who was previously the most famous in Fenbaoya, did not hear any news, and seemed to disappear after becoming the master's personal heir.


Yuan Temple, Feilai Peak.

Shen Yu was holding a few pieces of paper in his hands, and there were many more on the table beside him. These were some letter papers that were sent over from the same door of Cuizhufeng.

Shang Yingluo was the most, and the fastest one. The little girl wrote letters with all kinds of strange things. Sometimes the first sentence was about eating, and the next sentence was about what fun things happened yesterday. Her thinking was really wild.

It took Shen Yu a long time to figure out her life these days.

Jiang Shaoqiu's letter is another style, the handwriting is very neat, and he talked about some insights during practice, and invited him to the Yanfa Temple to exchange ideas.

And Ye Zhiqiu also unexpectedly wrote a letter, the content is still so proud, every sentence is not far from the golden core, and at the end he said that he will have a competition with him some time.

Shen Yujiang didn't feel much about it, put down the letter in his hand, and opened the last one.

It was passed on by a man named Yang Liu.

Shen Yu thought for a while, she seemed to have heard it somewhere, and it took a long time before she remembered that it was the little girl she had pointed out at the top of Cuizhu Peak.

The letter is very long, and the handwriting is very beautiful. It is also a woman. Compared with Shang Yingluo's letter, it is really different.

After Shen Yu read all the letters, she got up and breathed a sigh of relief.

In a year's time, the boy's stature has grown a little taller, and he has also gained a little more calmness. He is still dressed in a green shirt, but from a distance, his aura has become more and more dusty.

The young man calmed down, closed his eyes and moved around, and began to absorb the spiritual power in his body.

The injury finally healed. These days, Shen Yu finally started to practice.

The next level is the golden core level. A monk needs to condense the spiritual fluid in his body into a pill, but this step is water droplets piercing the stone. It needs to continuously absorb the spiritual energy and then refine it into a liquid. It takes a few years for ordinary people.

But Shen Yu, it may take longer.


The spiritual sea in Shen Yu's dantian is really too wide, almost several times that of ordinary people.

Over the past year, Shen Yu often thought of the fight at the top of Fenbao Cliff. If that person hadn't said so much and hadn't shown up, maybe the result would have been different.

The realm of monks, every realm, has a huge gap.

Even he couldn't make up the gap.

And being able to kill Yang Kaitai that day, apart from that person being a little arrogant, the most important thing is that he never thought that he would be able to control the sword in the Sword Immortal City.

Moreover, he was seriously injured when he was not expecting it, but this kind of thing was too accidental, and he would not have such good luck next time.

Shen Yu decided to practice seriously.

The breeze blew, and the boy's clothes swayed with the wind.

Su Mo came to the courtyard at some point, and was sitting on a chair reading a book by himself.

Someone came up the mountain.

It was a man in a blue shirt, with a slender figure, holding a ruler with a cold expression.

Shen Yu stopped practicing.

Su Mo said: "Lan Yingxing from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty ranks seventh among their group of senior brothers, so many people call him Seventh Senior Brother."

Shen Yu said: "Is it true that all the people in Qinglu Palace look like this, and we owe them money?"

Su Mo shook his head and said with a smile: "No, that's the case with the master of the Qinglu Palace."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Lan Yingxing came outside the bamboo forest, bowed to Su Mo, and said, "Meet Senior Brother Su."

Su Mo said gently, "What's the matter?"

"This time the Zongmen's performance will be presided over by the Palace of the Qing Dynasty."

Lan Yingxing said, "I'm here to inform Senior Brother Su."

Daozong gathers younger disciples to compete in Taoism every few decades, and the time interval is not constant, sometimes ten years apart, sometimes decades.

The young disciples of Daozong who traveled abroad and practiced in seclusion all the year round returned to the mountain gate to participate after receiving the notice.

It's just that the Yuan Temple has not participated in it for so many years, the reason is that Su Mo can't practice, let alone anyone who talks about Taoism and fights.

Therefore, in these years, the other three halls will not specifically notify Yuan Shengdian, so as not to hurt the head's face.

Only this time, there is another disciple who can practice in Yuansheng Temple.

Lan Yingxing looked at Shen Yu indifferently, and the ruler in his hand vibrated slightly.

"This time, I wonder if Junior Brother Shen is willing to participate?"

Shen Yu felt the hostility in his eyes, and when she thought about Chen Jianzhi that day, she suddenly understood where this person's hostility came from.

Seeing that he was silent, Lan Yingxing said, "Senior Brother Chen's bet with you is fair, and we naturally have no objection, it's just..."

Lan Yingxing glanced at Su Mo, and continued: "When we arrived, Brother Fang once told me that Chen Jianzhi is the deacon of the Law Enforcement Pavilion, and also the third senior brother of our Qing Law Palace. It is too much for you to insult him. gone."

Shen Yu remained silent.

Su Mo suddenly asked, "Fang Hen is out?"

Lan Yingxing's cold face showed a hint of pride, and said respectfully, "Yes, three days ago."

Fang Hen is the senior brother of the Qing Law Palace. A year ago, he was ranked fifteenth in the Lingyun Ranking issued by the academy. Now that he has retreated for a long time, his strength has increased a lot.

Shen Yu said: "And then."

Lan Yingxing said indifferently: "Junior Brother Shen will go to Qinglu Hall to apologize."


		