

There was turmoil between the heaven and the earth, and the eyes of countless people fell on the sword of Wentian.

boom!

Like two huge mountains colliding together, there was a deafening roar in the air.

Some avenue rules in the square of the Patriarch Hall actually appeared to be collapsing, like a broken mirror, and countless shocking ripples with a destructive aura rushed from the tip of the sword towards the sky.

At this moment, the blue stone high platform in the center of the square could no longer support it and instantly shattered. Cracks spread wildly like spider webs. Countless young disciples were staggered by the attacking wind and fell to the ground one after another.

The power of two Taoism techniques, almost comparable to those of the upper three realms, appeared in front of everyone shockingly at this moment.

Yu Wenwen stood on the side of the high platform, letting the strong wind blow her blue hair, her figure was as stable as a rock, and she just stared at the sky with a solemn expression.

After the aftermath of the shock dissipated and the smoke dissipated, countless people looked at the field and found that Shen Yu was holding a sword and competing with the huge handprint.

"Crack."

A moment later, as a subtle cracking sound suddenly resounded between the sky and the earth, it seemed that some changes had finally taken place.

Someone with a high level of cultivation discovered that the handprint with annihilating breath quietly cracked a gap, and then more and more gaps appeared, like a broken mirror.

Immediately afterwards, as the majestic aura dissipated, the giant palm seemed to be unable to support it anymore and was about to scatter.

"You are really too weak."

Shen Yu's sleeves fluttered and her expression was calm, but that delicate figure was indescribably domineering at this time.

boom!

As the sword light around Shen Yu grew again, his aura kept rising.

The huge palm print couldn't hold it anymore, it began to shatter continuously, and then dissipated, leaving only a trace of natal essence floating between the heaven and the earth.

Faint light spots, like stars falling into the mortal world in the dark night.

The eyes of everyone present were full of shock at this moment, including the elders of the Seven Peaks and Four Halls.

During the Fenbaoya competition, in most people's minds, Shen Yu relied on some tricks and tricks to win the final victory.

But this time, in front of countless people, under the huge gap in realm, he defeated Fang Hen with a crushing force.

An undisputed victory.

At this time, the light of the wooden sword has dimmed a lot, and there is only a trace of it, but the remaining sword energy can still make Shen Yu do many things.

For example, murder.

Shen Yu took a step forward, her momentum rose again, and everyone's expressions changed again.

Fang Hen seemed to be immersed in failure, or completely lost his strength, but waited numbly for the wooden sword to pierce his chest, but he didn't know how to dodge.

"Okay."

As a gentle voice sounded from the high platform, it seemed that the flow of time slowed down a lot, and an old figure appeared between the two.

Reverend Daoxuan stretched out two fingers, and lightly clamped the tip of Shen Yu's sword, the wooden sword stopped instantly, and the majestic momentum gradually dissipated.

"Same disciples of the Taoist sect, why bother to see life and death?"

Master Daoxuan looked at Shen Yu, and said lightly: "You won."

Shen Yu looked at the other party's cloudy and wise eyes, turned around and fell to the ground without saying a word.

Reverend Daoxuan then waved his sleeves, and Fang Hen, who was seriously injured and lost his arrogance, returned to the high platform with him.

"Shen Yu from Yuansheng Temple, win."

The announcement of victory came.

"Is this true? Shen Yu won the senior brother of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty..."

The surroundings of the high platform were still immersed in shock, and the eyes of countless Taoist disciples were full of disbelief.

He was ranked fifteenth in the Lingyun list of the academy, and the entire Linghuang Continent could be called the proud son of the heavens, but he was defeated by a disciple of the Golden Core Realm like this?

Looking at the figure in the green shirt standing proudly in the field, the eyes of countless people began to become complicated.

Only in the third stage of practice, the Golden Core Realm, can the body and body be united, and at the same time be able to use the Taoist technique that ranks first in the Taoist sect.

If he can possess such strength at the Golden Core Realm, how shocking it will be if he reaches the Immortal Ascension Realm, or even stepped into the Upper Three Realm.

Genius is always in the spotlight.

Some disciples who originally hated Shen Yu because of the rumors in Nanhe City suddenly felt that this handsome man was pleasing to the eye, and he became much taller.

Shen Yu closed her eyes and turned a blind eye to these stunning gazes. She absorbed the spiritual power of her dantian and circulated it around the sky. Countless streams of pure spiritual power wandered through her limbs and bones. Start to repair the injured body.

The scene gradually quieted down.

Everyone's eyes were on Shen Yu, even the master of the third hall, a great practitioner of the upper three realms.

At this time, Shen Yu has become a man of influence in the entire Taoist sect.

"I originally thought that the Taoist sect had amazing and talented disciples such as Fang Hen, Yu Wenwen, and Chen Jianzhi, but I didn't expect to meet a more monstrous person today."

Lu Wenyu, who was standing chicly in the distance in a blue shirt, sighed and said, "Master Huike really does not deceive me. Shen Yu is really strong."

"If the realm is the same, Fang Hen will even lose faster."

Huike clasped his hands together, looked at the vertical and horizontal sword energy that was about to dissipate in the field, and said: "In the Lingyun list, among the people I have met, Shen Yu's talent can be said to be the number one."

Lu Wenyu asked in surprise, "Even Master, you can't do it?"

Hui Ke shook his head, and said earnestly: "I was not good at fighting, and this kid should be ranked among the top three in the Lingyun list in the future."

"Really."

Lu Wenyu smiled, and said lightly: "It seems that this time, Daozong has already decided who will go to the academy."

Hui Ke looked towards the high platform, shook his head and said, "Not necessarily."

The countless disciples on the high platform did not move at all, so naturally not all of them lost their minds.

Reverend Daoxuan waited for a while, then asked: "Continue?"

This small voice once again ignited the expectations in everyone's eyes, and the eyes of countless people kept passing by Shen Yu and Yu Wenwen.

Daozong has been passed down to the present, and in the past three thousand years, no one has ever completed a string of three outfits in front of the Patriarch's Hall. Is this miracle going to happen again today?

Shen Yu slowly opened her eyes, glanced at the stalwart statue, then turned and left.

"It's over."


Without the slightest nostalgia, the understatement caused an uproar.

Many people felt sorry, and then seemed to think of something, and subconsciously looked at Yu Wenwen.

In recent years, there have been some rumors about Daozong. Shen Yu and Yu Wenwen seem to have a relationship that surpasses that of the same sect. They even returned to Daozong at the same time a few days ago.

Have they already...

Yu Wenwen stood quietly beside the master.

He looked at Shen Yuyuan's back, ignoring everyone's eyes, with a calm expression.

She was not surprised by Shen Yu's choice, she knew from the beginning that there would be such a result.

After a while, Yu Wenwen's eyes became more complicated.

When she was in the Nanman Demon Realm, Shen Yu once said that she should become stronger as soon as possible.

Improve the state as soon as possible, comprehend more true meaning of the sword as soon as possible, and become the most powerful female sword fairy in the world. At that time, let her fight with herself again.

She didn't know Shen Yu's mood at that time, but when she saw his smile today when he was fighting against Fang Hen, Yu Wenwen instantly understood.

Shen Yu really wanted an evenly matched opponent.

Not only her, but Ye Zhiqiu, Jiang Shaoqiu, people who have nothing to do with him, Shen Yu hopes that these talented people can grow up as soon as possible.

Even willing to personally point out some of their practice.

The reason for doing this is just to create an opponent who can fight against himself.

He is so proud.

Yu Wenwen once asked when she could fight him, but Shen Yu's answer was only when I thought you could fight me.

So Yu Wenwen knew that today was not that day.

Even so, Yu Wenwen's eyes were still somewhat incomprehensible.

Countless practitioners in the world think that their cultivation talent is not high enough, and hate that their Taoism and gong are definitely not strong enough, but you just don't think so, even the saint baptism of Zhongzhou Academy is discarded at will, and you don't care.

Really a strange person.

When I saw this guy for the first time, I thought he was very interesting. When I was in Fenbaoya, I thought this guy was my strong enemy. After a few days when I flew here from Yuansheng Temple, I thought he was a swordsman genius.

For the first time in her life, Yu Wenwen admitted that a colleague was accused of being stronger than herself.

But she never had any strange emotions from the beginning to the end, no jealousy, no resentment, it seemed that everything was taken for granted.

Yu Wenwen looked at the man who left, something inexplicable flashed in Rushui's eyes, as if there was something more in her heart.


Shen Yu walked through the crowd, walked up to the three of Su Mo, and said, "I'm a little tired."

Su Mo nodded and said, "Go back and rest, the blue luan is at the foot of the mountain."

"You are really unexpected."

Daofan shook his head, and said helplessly, "School baptism, do you know what an opportunity you missed?"

Yang Liu raised her powder fist and said proudly: "I think senior brother Shen Yu doesn't need the suction of the academy, he is also the most powerful practitioner."

Shen Yu didn't speak, but turned his eyes to somewhere.

Zhang Zhi, the first seat on Zuowang Peak, was no longer there.

He was a little regretful, originally he had promised Ding Yi that he would beat that guy up, thinking that this promise would have to wait a long time.

Because he is about to leave Daozong.

Suddenly, two figures stood in front of him.

It turned out to be Lu Wenyu, and monk Huike stood beside him.

"This time, things are a little imprecise, please forgive me."

Lu Wenyu still had that gentle and jade-like appearance, and said, "I will personally find out about Taoist Zhishan of Yunyang Temple."

The first sentence he said was to Shen Yu, and the second sentence was to look at Su Mo.

Su Mo nodded slightly.

"In the future, you have to pay attention to one person."

Monk Hui Ke looked at Shen Yu and said, "Li Chan is Li Yi's younger brother in the Qingdi City, Li Yi will definitely come to you in person for the revenge of the broken arm that day."

Shen Yu asked lightly: "Where is he ranked?"

Monk Huike said, "He didn't appear on the Lingyun list."

Shen Yu let out a cry.

No one would think that Song Nu's direct disciple in Qingdi City didn't even make it to the top ten, so there is only one possibility.

He's in the top three, maybe even higher.

After the two finished talking, they lost interest in continuing to watch, so they said goodbye and left.

Immortal Daofan then said seriously: "Let's go back first."

The blue phoenix uttered a distant cry over Daozong, then flapped its colorful wings and gradually disappeared into the distance.

Shen Yu looked at the smaller and smaller stalwart statue in mid-air, not knowing what he was thinking.


		