

If people from Guiyun Xianzong came here, they would have to end this journey early.

It's good for Shen Yu to think about it, but he doesn't need to explain the matter of wealth, as for the matter of customs clearance documents, he can just talk about it.

He put down the teacup in his hand, ready to check it out.

The boy in black was constantly throwing the soybeans in his hand into the air, and then he opened his mouth wide to put them into his mouth one by one. Seeing this, he hurriedly asked, "Sir?"

"You go and find an inn to stay, don't cause trouble, I will find you."

Shen Yu got up and gave some instructions, then walked towards the town.

Going all the way, following the flow of people coming and going to the center of the town, there is a three-story inn, with the words Tianhe Inn written on the gilded shop sign.

Shen Yu walked towards the gate of the inn, and a group of people just came out of it.

The masculine temperament is ethereal, the female is noble and elegant, and all of them are full of fairy spirits, looking like a fairy.

The waiter of the inn stood at the door, each lowered his head, and said respectfully: "Respectfully send off to all the immortal masters."

Seeing this, the endless stream of pedestrians scattered in different directions, giving way to the middle road to show their respect.

Shen Yu didn't give way, and walked with his hands behind his back indifferently, with a calm expression.

A few eyes looked over, with a hint of surprise.

The guy in front of him looks handsome, but there is no fluctuation of spiritual power in his whole body, so he must be a mortal.

And all the way from Dongzu Prefecture, few mortals dared to look at them, and they were so calm and peaceful.

Because practitioners, when spiritual energy enters the body, a trace of coercion will naturally be revealed inadvertently. When most mortals see a practitioner, it is like seeing a human emperor, and they will gradually become filthy.

A haughty young man in the crowd of the Xian family glanced at Shen Yu, his eyes filled with condescending pity and disdain.

After the two approached, he deliberately let go of a little coercion on his body, then turned his head and said with a sneer: "Don't pretend, you're just an ant."

Shen Yu stagnated slightly, and then walked forward, as if she didn't hear it.

The woman in purple with a cold face in the middle also glanced casually, just happened to see this scene, thinking that she was another ordinary person who wanted to show off, so she didn't look at him again, as if she was afraid of dirtying her eyes.

Passed by each other calmly.

She suddenly sighed: "This skin is a pity."

Young and arrogant, he joked: "Senior Sister Yun may have taken a fancy to this kid, then I don't want to."

The woman in purple looked at him indifferently.

The man felt a little guilty, coughed dryly twice, changed the subject and said: "That little girl really doesn't know how to flatter you, we came here specially from Xianzong, her master died before she was a teacher, so she can't Give us half of face."

Senior Sister Yun said: "Master used to say that, like a person who drinks water, he knows whether he is warm or not."

The man went on to say: "But the master also said that practitioners just want to fight for that breath."

Senior Sister Yun was silent for a while, then nodded and said, "You're right."

Sometimes, one decision can change the trajectory of a person's life.

She agreed with her junior brother's point of view, so in that little girl's yard, she couldn't understand the choice she made.

For practitioners, such illusory things as love, love, and grace in the world have no meaning for Dao.

If that little girl was able to step into the avenue of cultivation after many years, and when she looked back, she found that her closest relatives around her had turned into bones one by one, while his face remained unchanged, independent from the world, what would he think?

Of course, all this can only be an illusion.

Senior Sister Yun murmured, "Ants."

The haughty man beside him showed a smile, who could say otherwise.


In a secluded courtyard of Tianhe Inn.

Lu Caiwei, who had recovered her identity, sat silently in the middle of the Tang, her eyes were red, and her somewhat yellow face was full of mixed feelings, and her expression was very complicated.

After escaping from the Yixiantian haunted by ghosts, he heard the news that Guiyun Immortal Sect Immortal Master was coming soon after he arrived in Pingyao Ancient Town.

Elder Quzheng, who returned to Yunxianzong, was dismissed.

Elder Quzheng was the benefactor who appeared at home ten years ago and wanted to accept her as an apprentice.

Just when he was hesitating, the woman in purple said that she could still join the Guiyun Immortal Sect, and that she could gain a better status than Quzheng's sect.

The condition for doing so is that Qu Zheng's master status cannot be recognized in the future.

This is almost a great gift for countless people to receive, so there is no need to think about it.

But she refused, and she refused without the slightest hesitation, which shocked everyone.

While he was upset, there was a slight knock on the door outside.

Lu Caiwei looked up, and there was a handsome man standing outside the door, it turned out to be Shen Yu.

She was a little sudden, things were dangerous at that time, and they realized that Shen Yu was not in the car after they escaped from Yixiantian, and even she couldn't live without Shen Yu.

"It seems that the people who belong to Yunxianzong have already met you."

Shen Yu said: "Do you still need me to drive?"

Lu Caiwei wiped away the tears on her face, shook her head and said, "It should be unnecessary now, thank you."

Shen Yu nodded, then turned and left.

He came here only to get a reply, and the affection for that bag of silver had already been used up in the first line of the sky.

"and many more."

Lu Caiwei suddenly made a sound.

Shen Yu stopped, turned around, and then saw the woman approaching the back room, and came out with another small package in her hand.

"Here is one hundred taels, including the last fifty taels, one hundred and fifty taels together. This is the agreed remuneration from the beginning."

Lu Caiwei said lightly: "I originally planned to find out where your family members are when I go back, but it's even better now, you're not dead."

Shen Yu looked at the small package without speaking.

Snapped!

The courtyard door was pushed open again.

"Hey, you're not a kid yet."

It turned out to be Jiang Jianghu, the rough man. He glanced at the two of them, then walked into the courtyard casually, with a frivolous expression on his face.

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Lu Caiwei frowned slightly and asked, "What's the matter?"

"Yes, I have nothing to do with this errand, so can we count the reward?"

Jiang Jianghu threw away the silver tael in her hand, and said with a dry smile, "Even this idiot got paid, isn't my Juli Dan also..."

Lu Caiwei interrupted his words, and said calmly: "At that time, it was agreed that the Juli Pill would go to the Xianzong Mountain Gate of Dongzu Prefecture. Now that Zhongzhou has not even been released here, how can it be counted?"

"I said, I don't want to go on this journey."

The rough ore man said playfully: "Who knows what monsters and ghosts we will encounter next time, it is not worth dying for a pill."

Lu Caiwei's face completely sank, before she was interrupted by an old voice.

"Hmph, you are courting death."

Kou Wang walked out of another room with a dignified expression.

Jiang Jianghu glanced at him, and said disdainfully: "Old man, you think I don't know, Yixiantian was seriously injured when you fought with that ghost, how much energy do you have now to think that I can't see it?"

The scene suddenly became tense.

The old man had no expression on his face, and his sleeves rose without wind, and then a flying knife-shaped magic weapon shot straight out, aiming at the face.

Jiang Jianghu didn't panic, as if he had been prepared, he pulled out a silver bracelet from his waist with his right hand, and grinned, "Luo!"

The silver bracelet shone brightly, and an invisible suction enveloped the entire courtyard, directly sucking the throwing knife to the ground.

Shen Yu finally took a look at this time.

"Falling Bracelet!"

Kou Wang exclaimed, his already pale face became even more ugly, "How can you, a mere martial artist with a first-time experience, have such a magic weapon?"

"Of course this is a blessing to your lady."

Jiang Jianghu Huan Dongzhe's bracelet, Kou Wang spit out a mouthful of blood suddenly, and fell to the ground slumped.

He seemed to be very satisfied with the result, carefully pocketed the bracelet, and said with disdain: "I really don't know what you think, you can't offend the gods of Gui Yunxian sect even if you offend them, no, retribution is coming."

Lu Caiwei bit her lips tightly and asked, "They asked you to deal with me?"

"God knows!"

Jiang Jianghu walked forward step by step, without even looking at the young coachman next to him, he laughed and said, "Give me all the treasures and money you have on you, and I will spare that old guy's life, otherwise... "

Lu Caiwei bit her lip tightly, raised her palm and slapped her.

It's a pity that Jiang Jianghu grabbed the wrist with one hand in an instant, and he sniffed the woman's body fragrance lewdly, and said intoxicated, "It smells so good!"

Lu Caiwei's eyes turned red in an instant, and she was trembling with anger, but there was nothing she could do about this kind of rascal who had been hanging out in the rivers and lakes all year round.

Seeing her like this, Jiang Jianghu felt extremely happy in his heart.

He never hides his jealousy.

Why did he barely step into the fifth level of the First Sense Realm after so many years of life and death? Why can a stupid and silly woman be valued by the great sect of the immortal sect, so as to ascend to the sky in one step and walk on the road to longevity.

What made him even more upset was that this stupid woman rejected this great opportunity!

To be able to live forever, not to mention changing a master, even killing the master.

But fortunately, at least he, Jiang Jianghu, also got a great opportunity here from the immortal master of Guiyun Xianzong.

"Don't struggle, even if someone sees it outside, no one will come to help you. Do you think those ordinary people have the guts to interfere with Xianzong's affairs?"

Jiang Jiang's tiger head slowly approached her ear, and whispered: "Hand over the treasure on your body obediently, and then take off the mask on your face, if it looks good...hehe, I can still save your life You are my concubine."

Lu Caiwei was so angry that her whole chest shook slightly, and she said angrily, "Dream!"

"Um?"

With one stride, Jiang Jianghu came directly to the door, reached out and grabbed Kou Wang's whole body in the air.

"No!" Lu Caiwei exclaimed.

"Answer or not?"

Jiang Jianghu said sharply.

Lu Caiwei looked hesitant.

Jiang Jianghu was still smiling, but the strength in his hand was getting stronger and stronger, and the old man's face gradually turned red.

"Shall I count?"

"three!"

"two!"

"No! I promise, I promise you."

Lu Caiwei was almost limp on the ground, her face was full of tears, she choked up and said, "Don't hurt Grandpa Kou, I...I..."

"Know the time."

Jiang Jianghu casually threw Kou Wang on the ground, who had already passed out.

He said with satisfaction: "Go in and take off the mask first, then wash your body, as for you..."

He glanced at Shen Yu who was standing in the courtyard, and said contemptuously: "Get out of here, I've disturbed the uncle's interest, I will tear you apart."

Shen Yu looked calm, but picked up the package that the woman had dropped on the ground long ago, and said to herself: "This little money...is about the same."

Jiang Jianghu said impatiently, "What are you talking about?"

Shen Yu turned her back to him, and said lightly: "I said...the money is just enough to buy a person's life."

A feeling of palpitations on the verge of death rose in Jiang Jianghu's heart instantly, and his whole body trembled uncontrollably.

He just wanted to escape here quickly, away from the young man in front of him.

It's just not possible anymore.

A jade sword passed through his chest without any warning, and then led his body to smash through many obstacles, and finally nailed to the wall of the house.

The snow-white wall was instantly splashed with ink like a scroll, turning it bright red.


		