

In the afternoon, the two left the Wanghe Inn.

Yu Wenwen has already notified the people in Daozong Qinglu Palace. As for the purpose of Yang Kaitai, Liu Yiyi and the people from Qianchuan Land sneaking into Daozong, these things have nothing to do with them.

Changhong flew up from outside Nanhe City, and disappeared above the sea of ​​clouds in the blink of an eye.

Countless clouds rolled, and the two flew towards the border river a hundred miles outside the city, where auras could be faintly seen in irregular ripples.

Above the sea of ​​clouds, Yu Wenwen looked at Shen Yu's posture of guarding the sword.

Ordinary disciples can fly objects after stepping into the Dao realm, but most of them spread their hands out and try to keep their balance.

But Shen Yu was different. He stepped lightly on the blade of the sword with his toes, and put his hands behind his back casually. He just calmly looked forward, his figure was extremely stable, and he was indescribably relaxed and freehand.

Without the slightest pretentious posture, he was natural and calm, as if he had been flying with his sword for thousands of years.

Shen Yu suddenly said, "How is your swordsmanship?"

Yu Wenwen withdrew her thoughts, shook her head and said, "It's a bit profound, I only understand part of it."

Shen Yu asked again: "Did you see clearly the sword I made against Huike in the Shen family's mansion yesterday?"

"The skill of holding a sword is too different from the skill of controlling a sword, and although your sword has nothing to do with realm, but the sword intent is too strong. I didn't expect that the skill of holding a sword can make such a domineering sword move."

Shen Yu didn't care about her praise, and said: "Holding a sword and controlling a sword are not important to a sword cultivator. It is the sword intent in it that cultivates a sword. There are overlord swords and kingly swords in the world. There are countless sword intents such as Ren Jian, these sword intents that match the true meaning of the Dao are what you need to comprehend, you are the innate Dao body, I hope you can realize the true meaning of the Dao of the sword."

The peers Yu Wenwen met have always been in awe and envy of her, and few people like Shen Yu have the same tone of seniors teaching juniors to practice.

It made her a little unnatural.

But the other party's tone was very calm, and there was no trace of resistance in his heart, as if this was an extremely natural thing.

Yu Wenwen couldn't help shaking her head, trying to get rid of the thoughts in her mind.

To the south of Nanhe City is the border between the human race and the demon realm. After flying for about half an hour, the two saw a long white line.

The two paused in the air and looked up.

The white line is continuous, as if dividing the world into two.

This white line is the long river that crosses the border between the human race and the demon realm, the Linyuan River. This river originates from Bowang Mountain, thousands of miles away from the human race, and ends at the legendary Nanman demon realm.


Standing on the wooden sword, Shen Yu asked, "Why did the founding patriarch establish Taoism in the southwest?"

Yu Wenwen was a little puzzled, and she was silent for a long time before she said: "I think it should be guarded here, to prevent the monsters from the Nanman Demon Realm from going north, so as not to cause harm to the world."

Shen Yu looked at the mountains and rivers from a distance, and the strong wind blew away his long hair at the temples. He said lightly, "Is there another possibility?"

Yu Wenwen asked, "What?"

Shen Yu said slowly: "Perhaps, he just wants to be closer to home."


The air was suddenly quiet.

Yu Wenwen looked at him in disbelief.

The Jiange stood in the southwest for three thousand years. Every time the Nanman Monster Territory tried to go north, the first ones who blocked Nanhe City must be the Taoist disciples. Countless Taoist disciples died on the bank of this river, and it was also because of the blood of these disciples Only then created the lofty status of Daozong in Linghuang Continent.

But if the reason is as Shen Yu said, wouldn't Daozong become the biggest joke in the mainland?

Shen Yu didn't continue talking, but looked down.

On the edge of a waterfall in the Linyuan River, there was a group of people, and one of them was an acquaintance.

Monk Huike was in the center of the crowd, surrounded by dozens of young men and women who were all tall and straight, and their temperament was dusty. At this time, they all looked solemnly at the abyss of the waterfall.

Li Chan from Qingdi City was not among the crowd, presumably his injuries hadn't recovered yet.

Yu Wenwen said: "It turns out that not only the monk Huike from Lingyin Temple, but also several other holy places have sent people here."

Shen Yu looked into the distance lightly, without speaking.

Yu Wenwen glanced at him, and continued: "However, these people are just ordinary disciples, and they cannot be compared with the status of Monk Huike."

Shen Yu looked back from the abyss of the waterfall and said, "Here we come."

Roar!

This waterfall is bottomless, and the huge flowing water seems to be hanging upside down for nine days. There is a roar of a beast in the endless darkness.

A majestic demonic energy, like a boulder falling on the water, caused countless ripples, and spread out from the end of the abyss.

Afterwards, a strong wind blew up and rolled up countless broken rocks and branches around them, and the clothes of the two people in the air were rustled.

The next moment, the roars of countless monsters came again, much less imposing than before, as if worshiping a certain strong man.

As the monster energy continued to emanate from the abyss, the huge monster energy finally condensed into a beam of light as thick as a mountain peak, and shot straight into the sky.

The originally bright sky turned into night in an instant, and in the boundless twilight, a palpitating sense of dullness weighed on the hearts of everyone on the border.

Yu Wenwen looked dignified, and said: "Such majestic monster energy has actually attracted thousands of monsters to make a pilgrimage. What is going on inside?"

The news Shimen received was only that the monster aura in the border area of ​​Nanhe City was frequent, and the spiritual energy was also a little unstable, so she was sent here to investigate, but at this time, things are a bit complicated.

After saying this, Yu Wenwen didn't expect to get an answer, but she didn't expect Shen Yu to surprise her again.

"It's going through a catastrophe."

Shen Yu looked into the abyss and said casually: "A monkey can't stay in one place, and then wants to change places, so he chooses to break through."

Shen Yu thought for a while, and continued: "It looks like he should be able to step into the Ascension Realm. This little monkey is not bad, tsk tsk, the legendary body of the demon king."

The demon king...and it's a monkey...the demon king of Ascension Realm.

Shen Yu's tone was understated, without a hint of surprise, as if he was just telling an ordinary matter.

"What you said is true?"

Yu Wenwen took a deep breath, and said seriously: "A monster monkey who has stepped into the Ascension Realm, wouldn't it be able to fight against two human races at the same time?"

Shen Yu said: "Yes,"

Roar!

An even more earth-shattering terrifying roar came from the abyss.

A burly black figure with a height of a thousand feet appeared under the waterfall, and roared upwards, causing splashes all over the sky.

The black clouds in the sky gradually condensed, and a thunder struck straight from the nine heavens, hitting the ancient beast, and the light instantly illuminated the entire abyss.

Even though they were thousands of miles away, Yu Wenwen still felt the destructive aura of annihilation. She murmured, "You call this a little monkey?"

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said seriously: "You can also call it a giant ape."

"She is indeed a little monkey, but she has lived for a thousand years, and the little monkey has grown up a lot."

A hearty and free-spirited chuckle came from beside his ears, as if it sounded suddenly, without any warning.

Shen Yu's hands behind her back were clenched suddenly, and a dignified look appeared on her face that had never been seen before.

A middle-aged man appeared next to Shen Yu at some point, standing in the air, looking at the thunder that kept crashing down, with a slight smile on his lips.

His appearance is very ordinary, but it is extremely memorable, his expression is peaceful and somewhat majestic, without showing any momentum, although he just stands quietly in the air, it seems that he is the only one in the whole world.

With the appearance of the middle-aged man, everything around him seemed to stop suddenly, even the sound of thunder falling from the nine heavens disappeared.

It is as if the king is in the world, and everything is silent.

Shen Yu turned her head and looked aside, while Yu Wenwen looked forward quietly at this time, as if she had entered a mysterious state, not even half aware of the surrounding situation.

"A little supernatural power."

The middle-aged man with peerless demeanor smiled.

Shen Yu's tightly clenched hands slowly loosened, and after a long silence, he said, "Nanman Demon Territory, Demon Emperor?"

The middle-aged man nodded and said, "Shangyang."

One of the few great cultivators in the Linghuang Continent, the ruler of the Nanman Demon Realm, the Demon Emperor Shangyang.

Shen Yu's expression was calm, and naturally he was the only one to meet such a man with such advanced cultivation and such an extraordinary temperament at the border of the Nanman Demon Territory.

The boy said lightly: "Hello."

The middle-aged man looked at the vision of heaven and earth in the distance, and said calmly: "The ancient giant ape came from the Southern Man. It has been cultivated for nearly a thousand years. Now its demon power is perfect and its physical body has reached its limit. It is only natural that it will break through this time."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

How could such a great cultivator, one of the best in the world, chat with him for no reason.

"I don't have any malicious intentions, I just want to meet you, and by the way, I'll catch up with you old immortals from the human race."

The demon emperor Shang Yang said: "It is said that the father should pay back the debt. In exchange, my daughter owes you a favor, so I will naturally pay it back as the father."

Shen Yuwen was taken aback for a moment, then came to his senses, and said, "I never thought that the Emperor of the Demon Realm would actually send his daughter to the Taoist sect to practice. It really is hard for ordinary people to overcome."

The man still smiled, and said: "You are not bad, you know my daughter's identity, but you are still willing to make friends with her."

"On the journey of the great road, there is no distinction between races. I only see joy and dislike in my eyes."

Shen Yu said calmly: "You don't need to speak out to test, I have no intentions for that little girl."

"I know, otherwise you would have died a long time ago."

The demon emperor Shangyang smiled more and more, and said: "So, if you encounter any troubles in the future, you can come to the demon domain to find me at any time."

Shen Yu heard the meaning and said, "I am a disciple of Taoism."

"I know you very well. There are people from my demon domain in Nanhe City, so I naturally know what happened back then, including the Shen family and Yunyang Temple."

Shang Yang shook his head and continued, "I know you don't care about these things."

Shen Yu was silent, and it took a long time before he said: "I will go if I have a chance."

Shang Yang sighed softly and said, "I hope you can take care of Yingluo, she is still young."

"I see."

Shen Yu smiled slightly and said, "Poor parents in the world."

When the middle-aged man heard the words, his eyes gradually filled with smiles, and finally he couldn't help laughing out loud.

"Thousands of years have passed, and when I ascend the throne, no one in the whole world dares to speak to me with such a tone and demeanor."

Shang Yang flicked his sleeves lightly, and said: "A sage in the academy once said that the fate of a person is determined by the sky, and whoever decides ups and downs has long been determined. Although I hate those nerds, I still want to believe the words of the sage."

Shen Yu looked indifferent, did not answer this sentence, but suddenly asked: "Demon Emperor Zhujiu, where is it now?"

The world was silent, and the surrounding air instantly became cold.

The middle-aged man's expression was already extremely cold, as if he wanted to kill the weak boy in front of him at any moment.

Shen Yu didn't care, and looked at him quietly with her hands behind her back.

Shang Yang said indifferently: "In the Demon Realm, anyone who mentions this name will be executed by me. Did you know that you will die too?"

There seemed to be thousands of stars in Shen Yu's eyes, and an aura of annihilation lingered around him, and the rules of the avenue around him began to gradually collapse.

Shen Yu looked at the Demon Emperor, and said lightly, "Zhu Jiu, where is it?"

There was silence.

After a long time, the demon emperor Shangyang said quietly: "My daughter has only one friend, I don't know who you are, and I don't know why you asked about that person."

The world began to gradually restore calm, and the collapsed avenue rules were gradually restored.

"Zhu Jiu has been missing for three thousand years, and no one knows where it is."

Shen Yu nodded slightly, but said nothing.

The vision of heaven and earth in the distance slowly disappeared, and the silhouette of Qianzhang who could only be seen in outline gradually became smaller and finally turned into a human form.

The evil spirit that ravaged the world gradually dissipated, and the ancient giant ape lost half of its aura, as if merging with the world.

The middle-aged man's stern expression gradually relaxed, revealing a hint of relief.

The impact of the spirit beasts in the Ascension Realm on the Nanman Demon Realm is far beyond people's imagination.

Shang Yang glanced at the young man not far away, and suddenly asked: "Shen Yu, if one day, the whole world wants to kill you, what will you do?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Just kill it."

The man raised his eyebrows: "The whole world?"

Shen Yu smiled lightly and said, "What's the matter?"

"it is good."

Shang Yang laughed, took out a green jade pendant from his bosom and threw it over, saying: "If you encounter trouble, you can go to Yaoyu to break it, and I will help you once."

Shen Yu did not refuse.

The demon emperor Shangyang stepped forward and disappeared in place.

in an instant.

The world returned to normal.

Yu Wenwen woke up as if awakened from a dream, suddenly raised her head, and looked at Shen Yu with watery eyes.

Shen Yu also looked at her.


		