

The sword energy is like a rainbow, and the sword intent of this sword is far stronger than that of ordinary Jindan practitioners.

Monk Huike's complexion changed slightly, and then his hands turned into the true seal of Buddhism, and he uttered the truth without flinching.

The sword aura all over the sky collided with the true seal of Buddhism, and a brilliant light suddenly appeared, and countless residual snow and fallen leaves scattered out along with the sword aura.

boom!

Monk Huike retreated a distance of one zhang, and he didn't stop until he took a few breaths.

The sword energy is still there.

Flying away from around his palms, and then blasting the remnants of the courtyard into countless rubble, the long dragon with sword aura twisted its body frantically, and there was a faint sound of dragon chant.

Huike remained motionless, exuding a faint golden Buddha light all over his body.

From the beginning to the end, his arm did not move at all.

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent, and the sword intent in his whole body increased greatly, becoming more and more majestic.

As the aura of the dragon with sword energy became more and more powerful, the Buddha's light on Monk Huike's body also suddenly increased. In the end, the entire dark courtyard was like daytime.

The two had reached a stalemate at this time.

Suddenly, a voice containing resentment sounded.

"go to hell."

Li Chan came behind Shen Yu at some point, he jumped up high, and smashed the latter's head fiercely with his huge fist.

Hui Ke said in shock: "Benefactor Li, stop."

Li Chan turned a deaf ear to it, and kept her punches intact.

in an instant.

Shen Yu was expressionless, and stretched out a fist with his left hand to block Hui Ke's Buddhist seal, and stabbed back with the wooden sword in his right hand at the same time, instantly fixing Li Chan in midair.

Immediately afterwards, without any hesitation, Shen Yu turned the sword in his right hand slightly, and the long dragon with sword aura changed direction, and turning around was a sword.

If it hits, Li Chan must have died in the first place.

Monk Huike frowned slightly, and then pushed the true seal forward with his right hand.

Li Chan's body was hit by this seal, and her body was forcibly shifted by half.

next moment.

The bloody sword energy passed through Li Chan's left arm, accompanied by a scream, blood spilled, and an arm fell straight from the air.

Li Chan landed heavily on the ground, her face was pale, and she kept screaming.

Shen Yu took another step, and her figure instantly appeared in front of Li Chan, with the tip of her sword pointing directly at the latter's brow without the slightest hesitation.

boom!

The wooden sword stopped three inches between his eyebrows.

It turned out that when the tip of the sword was about to pierce Li Chan's eyebrows, Huike clamped the sword with both hands.

Seeing this, Shen Yu put away the wooden sword and flitted back.

Huike didn't do anything, but turned to look at Li Chan who kept howling, with a look of compassion on his face, and then gently waved his sleeve to stop the bleeding on his right arm.

After Hui Ke finished all this, there was a hint of anger on his peaceful face, and he said, "Benefactor Shen, you have such a serious intention to kill, it seems that you were the same when you killed the members of the Shen family?"

Shen Yu looked calm and said nothing.

"Shen Benefactor, now your spiritual power has been exhausted."

Hui Ke looked at his handsome face and said, "But I can't escape."

As soon as the words fell, Huike's coarse cloth Zen robe moved without wind, and thousands of golden lights shot out from the pupils of his eyes, and a majestic and vast aura permeated the entire Shen family's mansion.

At this time, Huike was like a vajra with glaring eyes, muttering Buddha's words in his mouth, and ten thousand Buddhas loomed behind him.

Just like the Buddha.

Shen Yu looked at this scene and said, "But you have already stepped into the upper three realms."

Shen Yu's tone was a little emotional, and there was another hint of understanding,

The reason for making the move today is to see how high the top practitioners of the younger generation are today.

Although I had speculated, I was still surprised after the actual fight. The talent of this young monk from Lingyin Temple is too amazing, so he is only fourth in the Lingyun list.

What kind of realm will the three people above him be.

Shen Yu calmly withdrew the wooden sword.

Now there is indeed no spiritual power in his dantian, and he cannot control this innate spirit treasure at all.

Hui Ke looked at him and said, "Stop fighting?"

"Do not."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "Substitute someone to fight."


At the highest point of the Shen family hall, a white figure stood against the wind, like a fairy from the dust.

She stood there for a long time.

Among the three people in the courtyard, except for Shen Yu, no one noticed her.

Huike was stunned when he heard Shen Yu's words, then his expression changed and he looked up.

The eyesight of a cultivator in the upper three realms is extremely far away, so he quickly saw that alluring face, her skin was more than snow, and under the moonlight, the woman was like a fairy coming to the world.

That pair of beautiful eyes looked at him without any disturbance.

Hui Ke clasped his hands together and said, "It turns out to be the remaining benefactor of the Taoist sect."

White clothes holding a sword, eyes like water, and a beautiful face, these have become the specific labels of Taoist Yu Wenwen.

Possessing excellent cultivation talent, as well as her own dusty temperament, she had vaguely become the leader of the younger generation of Daozong in Daozong.

And after Fang Hen lost to Shen Yu in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, almost no one would doubt her strength anymore.

Huike had never met Yu Wenwen before, but in the southwest, naturally there was only one woman with these characteristics.

Yu Wenwen looked into the distance indifferently, and said: "The frontier army in Nanhe City has been alarmed, and the people nearby are also a little flustered. Little monk, do you want to fight here, or change places?"

Huike smiled bitterly and said, "Is it okay not to fight?"

Yu Wenwen said lightly: "You hit my junior brother, so of course you will."

Hui Ke said: "But, Benefactor Shen, he...he cut off an arm of Benefactor Li Chan of Qingdi City."

"It deserves it."

Yu Wenwen interrupted him, and said indifferently: "The shameless sneak attack villain, if it were me, he would already be a dead man."

Shen Yu glanced at Yu Wenwen, a little surprised.

Huike was ranked fourth in the Lingyun list, while Yu Wenwen was ranked ninth. After all, it was still a bit worse, but I didn't expect her temperament to be so strong.

Moreover, there are some shortcomings.

Shen Yu felt that something different appeared in her heart, something very good.

Huike was silent for a while, and then said after a while: "You know, Lord Shen and that Shen..."

"The matter of Daozong's disciples is handled by my Daozong."

Yu Wenwen was a little impatient, she frowned and said, "Do you want to fight or not?"

Hui Ke looked complicated, and finally sighed, and said: "Don't fight, Master Yu, you must have come here because of the Nanman Yaoyu, and now the Yaoyu is about to move..."

"let's go."

Upon hearing this, Yu Wenwen said something in Shen Yu's direction, and then Yu Jian flew into the distance.

Shen Yu turned around and was about to leave.

"Shen Benefactor, please do it yourself."

Hui Ke looked at him and said seriously: "You have outstanding talent. Not only is your aptitude for cultivating Taoism extraordinary, but your talent for swordsmanship is also amazing. I just hope that you can turn your back on it and don't step on the wrong path."

Shen Yu stopped, remained silent for a long time, and said indifferently: "My actions are worthy of the heaven and the earth, what's wrong?"

The sword light rose and chased after the figure in white.


Nanhe City, an inn.

Two figures fell from the edge of the courtyard without making a sound.

Shen Yu sat on a stone bench in the courtyard, casually poured a cup of tea, and sipped it slowly.

Today's two fights with Li Chan and monk Huike not only exhausted his spiritual power, but also damaged some meridians in his body.

Yu Wenwen looked at him silently from the side without saying a word.

Shen Yu knew what she was thinking at this time, because she was already there when Li Chan appeared in the Shen family's mansion, Qingdi City, and Yu Wenwen naturally heard what she said afterwards.

It's just that Shen Yu didn't want to answer what the woman knew, because this matter was too clichéd.

"Thank you, I didn't expect you to come here."

Shen Yu took the initiative to speak and broke the silence between the two.

Yu Wenwen shook her head slightly, and said, "Brother Su Mo came to see me a few days ago, and he was a little worried about you."

Shen Yu smiled and said, "So that's the case."

silence.

After a long time, Yu Wenwen asked again: "Shen Yuanzhi is your father?"

Shen Yu's eyes were a little confused, it seemed that this question was very troublesome.

"Yes."

Shen Yu finally said.

Yu Wenwen, yes, no more questions.

Shen Yu was a little surprised, and said, "Why don't you keep asking?"

Yu Wenwen looked at him quietly and said, "I have nothing to ask."

Shen Yu looked back at this beautiful woman and said, "I thought you would keep asking."

Shen family's massacre?

Did he kill him as Li Chan said?

These questions should be of great interest to outsiders.

"You don't need to ask, your heart is clear and your mind is peaceful."

Yu Wenwen said lightly: "This incident has not affected your state of mind at all, so there are some answers."

Shen Yu asked, "What answer?"

"For example, you didn't do this thing, or if you did it, it's just a trivial matter to you."

Yu Wenwen said seriously: "If it's the second type, maybe you are one of the unintentional people that the master mentioned, and this kind of person will naturally be cleaned up, but not me."

Shen Yu asked curiously, "Why not you."

Yu Wenwen glanced at him and said seriously, "Because I owe you a lot."


Shen Yu smiled, very sunny and brilliant.

Yu Wenwen had never seen Shen Yu showing such a smile before, and looked at him puzzled.

Shen Yu restrained her smile and said, "Qingdi City, and the people from Lingyin Temple came here because there was another change in the Nanman Demon Territory?"

Yu Wenwen said: "Yes, the sect has received news from Nanhe City that there are some strange things on the border of the Nanman Demon Realm. There are monsters roaring from time to time, and huge spiritual energy vortexes appear. Some people speculate that it is the birth of a strange treasure, and some speculate that it is a monster. They are gathering and preparing to attack Dali."

Shen Yu nodded. When he came to Nanhe City, he felt the abnormal movement of spiritual energy. He didn't expect that not only Daozong was alarmed this time, but even people from Qingdi City and Lingyin Temple came to investigate.

"So you didn't come here to save me?"

Yu Wenwen froze for a moment, then said helplessly, "What are you thinking about?"


		