

Afterwards, a bright golden light radiated from the center of Shen Yu's eyebrows, accompanied by the understatement of rolling words resounding through the mountains and forests.

It's like thunder from the sky.

Afterwards, an invisible ripple quietly rippled away from Shen Yu's body.

Countless howls of ghosts and wolves resounded in the originally dead and silent mountains, as if they had encountered the most terrifying thing in the world, only the shrill screams remained.

Those originally illusory and weak ghosts disappeared in an instant.

Some powerful ghosts with a hundred years of Taoism have solidified part of their bodies, but they are still shocked at this moment, and their souls are almost scattered. Some ghosts that have not been annihilated by luck fled towards the distance like crazy.

The mist gradually dissipated with Shen Yu as the center, and the whole mountain returned to its former brightness.

The young man stood in the field with his hands behind his back, his clothes fluttering, like a fairy coming to the world.

In this scene, there was an indescribably domineering atmosphere.

If it is said that warriors in the world have natural restraint against those ghosts and spirits, but as a practitioner of Taoism, one of the three religions, the true meaning of the Dao is naturally more overbearing.

What's more important is that the true meaning of Dao in Shen Yu is different from that of ordinary people.

Three thousand years ago.

He once went to Qiongbi and fell to Huangquan to watch the cycle of life and death.

He once faced Dongwang Island with his sword to the east, and commented on the true immortals in the world.

He once traveled westward to Abbot Mountain alone to discuss the meaning of Bodhi Zen.

In that great era when immortals, demons and ten thousand Buddhas lived together, in the world, there were only a few strong ghosts who had achieved fairyland and died in his hands.

Three thousand years ago, he believed himself to be the best in the world, and it is still the same today.

It has nothing to do with realm, nothing to do with cultivation, it's just the meaning of being the strongest among them.

Shen Yu looked calm and continued to move forward.

In front of it is an extremely wide cave, and powerful demonic energy is constantly erupting from the belly of the cave.

Walking to the entrance of the cave, I finally saw the scene in the dark cave.

Shen Yu looked up, and there were countless gold and silver treasures scattered on the ground in the cave, yellow and orange gold, shiny silver taels, luminous jewels, jade, emeralds, pearls... layer upon layer of treasures filled the whole place. cave.

Hearing the sound, a huge head the size of a hill jumped out from the glittering golden treasure. The whole body of this black head was covered with hard scales, and it was as black as ink.

The huge black snake, which is estimated to have practiced for nearly a thousand years, kept spitting out letters, and its inverted triangular pupils stared at Shen Yu, full of vigilance and sternness.

Shen Yu looked down, and there was a pair of small claws growing on the twisting body. Although it was not eye-catching, the shape could still be seen.

Shen Yu said: "Interesting, I didn't expect a mysterious snake that is about to turn into a flood here, and it is also a snake that regards money as its life."

"hiss..."

Seeing Shen Yu's fearless look, Xuan Snake twisted her body continuously, and let out a piercing roar from her mouth.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye and walked towards the pile of gold, silver and jewels.

This action seemed to have completely touched the black Ni Lin, and he suddenly raised his head, thinking about violently bumping into the uninvited guest in front of him.

The evil spirit in the cave was instantly brought up, and countless winds swept up the seven or eight zhang-sized head.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and did not make any defenses, but said a syllable lightly in his mouth.

This syllable is very strange, as if it does not exist in the world's words, but it is somewhat similar to the Buddhist Zen sound.

A strange scene appeared.

I saw the black snake's head suddenly turned around, and then hit the cave wall on one side heavily, making a mournful sound.

The next moment, Xuan Snake still didn't give up, and became ruthless again. His whole body was entangled, and then he rushed towards Shen Yu crazily.

Shen Yu's lips moved slightly again.

So the previous scene reappeared.

This time, the black snake was severely injured, and it slammed into the hard rock of the cave wall, and then the stones flew, and the whole mountain began to shake slightly.

Xuan Snake had completely fallen into madness at this time, and the emerald green eyeballs began to turn red like a monster, and then let out a roar that shook the sky and the earth.

Shen Yu walked into the pile of treasure mountains, squatted down, ignored the terrifying monster behind, and just uttered a syllable casually.

boom!

boom!

After going through more than a dozen back and forth, the originally stable cave was now crumbling by the impact of the giant snake's body, and countless stones fell to the ground.

In the end, the black snake finally lost its previous arrogance, and stood cautiously on one side, its eyes full of fear and a trace of...curiosity that couldn't be concealed.

As if encountering something incomprehensible, his eyes are human.

Shen Yu kept groping in front of the pile of gold, jade and silver, picked up a shiny golden item, and then threw it back casually like throwing away rags. As the treasures in front of him gradually decreased, a greenish cold light came from It is clearly revealed among the jeweled belongings.

Shen Yu finally stopped looking, and after a wave, a three-inch green jade sword appeared in his hand.

Shen Yu stretched out his fingers slightly and flicked the blade of the jade sword, a crisp sword sound sounded, and a satisfied look gradually appeared in his eyes.

There are obviously countless ghost auras and monster auras overlapping and merging in the mountains, but in Shen Yu's spiritual perception, the spirit treasure aura of this jade sword is as dazzling and bright as lights in the dark night.

The result was not as he expected. The jade sword is really an innate spiritual treasure. Judging from the aura left on Shen Yu's sword, the owner of the sword hundreds of years ago may have been a strong man who stepped into a fairyland .

Of course, Shen Yu didn't care about these.

But the material of this sword is very precious, if it is used to kill... it will be very fast.

For him, the Jingqing sword he obtained at Fenbaoya was a bit too powerful, and it was too high-profile when fighting with others.

This is not in line with Shen Yu's character.

He stood up slowly, put the short sword in his sleeve and prepared to refine it slowly, then turned his head, his face suddenly became strange.

I saw that all the things he had left behind were carefully rolled into the body by the black snake, forming a big treasure mountain not far away.

And it looked at Shen Yu eagerly with humanized begging and grievances in its eyes, as if saying don't throw it away, don't throw it away, there are not many left.

It is rare for Shen Yu to have such spirituality. He thought about it, and then said seriously: "Do you want to go out with me?"

Xuan Snake was stunned when he heard this. The people who had seen its real body before were either frightened and ran away, or were knocked out. Ask yourself.

It reluctantly glanced at the belongings behind Shen Yu, as if thinking of something, its huge head swayed wildly, and there was a hint of disdain in its eyes.

I just quit, fooled me out, and then stole my hard-earned treasure. Just dream, I'm smart, I won't be fooled by you.

Shen Yu didn't know what it was thinking, but read the meaning from its eyes, so she said a word.

After hearing these words, Xuan Snake's huge body swayed suddenly, as if struck by lightning, and then hit the cave wall, rolling up countless gravel.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and said: "You have been staying here, even if you practice for another thousand years, there will be no opportunity to transform into a dragon."

Hearing this, Xuan Snake's ink-like eyes showed some hesitation.

Generally speaking, all the snakes in the world go to the river to transform into dragons, and then enter the sea to become dragons. This is the inheritance left in the blood of this kind of monsters.

Then, a faint black mist appeared on the body of the mysterious snake, and then the snake's body began to change, and finally the black mist dissipated, and a boy in black from the military academy came out.

The pupils are like black ink, the bridge of the nose is strong, and the skin is as white and delicate as a baby's. He is clearly a boy.

Shen Yu wasn't surprised by this, it was just the monster clan's transformation, and judging by the age of the monster clan, this mysterious snake was about the size of a human child, and it was only in its infancy.

The boy in black said in a childish voice: "Does it mean that if I go out with you, I will be able to walk away from Jianghuajiao?"

Shen Yu shook her head, "That's not necessarily true."

The little boy then asked, "What good is there?"

Shen Yu glanced at the things the other party cared about, and said seriously: "Maybe we can see more treasures."

The boy's eyes lit up when he heard the words, and he asked tentatively, "What if I don't agree?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "There is a blue luan in my mountain, and it likes snake gall the most."

The black-clothed boy shrank his neck, trembling with fear, this man was really unlikable, even the blue luan bird followed him, looking at the treasures he had collected so hard, he still couldn't make up his mind.

"Just take it with you."

Shen Yu flicked his sleeves, and all the gold, jade, and treasures gathered by the black snake for nearly a thousand years disappeared.

The little boy let out a miserable cry like cutting flesh, and rushed towards Shen Yu like crazy, looking east and west, and kept yelling: "Where are my babies, where did you hide them, you are too much!" Yes, you are a thief, I want...I want to..."

Shen Yu casually threw a quaint ring into his mouth, walked forward, and said, "Follow me."

The boy in black subconsciously took the ring, still muttering: "Don't lie to the child, what's the use of this broken ring, it's not as good as my baby..."

He suddenly stopped talking, staring at the ring, his eyes shone with amazement.

After a while, he hopped and followed behind Shen Yu, and asked curiously: "What is this broken ring? How can it hold so many things?"

Shen Yu said, "Have you ever gone out?"

The little demon sighed, "I've been here since I was born, and I want to go out and have a look, but every time I walk to the edge of the mountain, there seems to be a natural fear in my heart."

Shen Yu nodded and said: "It seems that the dragon blood in your body is very pure."

"What did you say?" the boy asked puzzled.

"nothing."

There was a brief silence.

"Sir, do you still have this ring?"

The little boy looked at Shen Yu and said cautiously: "If there are any, I can give some more. I used to have a lot of treasures that lost their aura before they had time to save them. I just need a few more of these things."

The thought of having several more rings like this, each full of gold, jade and treasure, made his mouth burst with joy.

"No."

Shen Yu said: "There will be in the future."

The boy's dim eyes lit up instantly, and he patted his chest and said proudly: "Sir, don't worry, since we go out, I will definitely protect you, and we will eat and drink hot food after safekeeping. After all, we travel the world and talk about it." Love and hatred, life and death together."

In the words, he completely forgot his previous embarrassment.

Shen Yu glanced at him and asked, "Who did you learn all this from?"

The little boy said solemnly: "A few people who went into the mountain told me about it. I was secretly listening on the sidelines at the time, but they were too timid, and they ran away in a swarm when they saw me."

Speaking of this, the little boy seemed to think of something again, and said mysteriously: "Sir, there is one thing I don't understand. When those people were chatting, they said that the women outside the mountain are very fierce, and they also said that as long as you get on the bed, you will be a woman." Several cultivators are no match for an ordinary woman, are they really that powerful?"

Shen Yu looked into his clear pupils, then nodded, and said seriously: "In a way, they are right."

"Tsk tsk tsk, it's too scary. Look at the female ghosts in the mountains who look so weak that they dare not even approach me within three feet."

Xiaotong said with a serious face: "Sir, it seems that we have to stay away from women outside in the future, otherwise I'm afraid I won't be able to protect you."

Shen Yu thought for a while, then nodded slowly.

Two figures, one big and one small, slowly descended the mountain.

"You will call it Zhaocai from now on."

"Sir, it seems that dogs call that name, and besides, I have a name."

"what is it call."

"Li Fugui"

"Oh."


		