

Soon, the news that Shen Yu left Daozong quickly spread.

The case on Shen Yu has not yet been formally concluded. It stands to reason that even if he is not imprisoned in Siguoya, he cannot be allowed to leave at will.

It's just very surprising that Daozong didn't have too many voices about this matter.

The elders of the other three halls were silent when they heard the news, and even Daochen Daochen of the Qinglu Hall did not say anything for the first time.

The reason is that.

Shen Yu is the second innate Dao body in the past hundred years of Dao Zongshu.

What's more important is the incomparable Taoism talent he showed in the Golden Core Realm.

The Zixiao Shenlei technique, which can only be performed by monks in the upper three realms, and his skillful method of integrating the spirit and body, alone can be regarded as shocking.

The miraculous scene of winning across the border shocked them too much, and many people thought of a person because of it.

That person is the current head of Dao Sect, the most powerful practitioner in the legendary Linghuang Continent, Dao Ming Daoist.

What does it mean that a genius disciple who seems to be comparable to the headmaster when he was young is born?

Duzhen Hall, in a gorgeous courtyard.

Shang Yingluo was sitting on the stone bench, holding a piece of letter paper in both hands, her eyes were full of tears, and there were two tear marks on her delicate face.

"Idiot Shen Yu, I won't like you anymore."

The little girl was crying while scolding, very pitiful.

Suddenly, he stopped crying, his big watery eyes rolled away, as if he had thought of something, then he got up secretly and looked around, but just as he opened the courtyard door, he saw Yu Wenwen in red.

"stop."

Yu Wenwen said lightly.

Shang Yingluo stopped in her tracks, and said aggrievedly, "Why, do you want me to dislike you?"

Yu Wenwen smiled and said, "Before Shen Yu leaves, let me tell you something."

Shang Yingluo asked suspiciously, "What's the matter?"

Yu Wenwen whispered a few words in her ear.

"What you said is true?"

The little girl asked incredulously.

Yu Wenwen nodded.

Shang Yingluo wiped away her tears and said with a smile, "Okay!"


Palace of Qing Law.

Ye Zhiqiu just woke up from the trance, and then looked at the letterhead and a book on the table, and subconsciously picked up the book to read.

After seeing the words on the cover, a look of surprise appeared on his face.


Shen Yu is heading north.

Daozong is located in the mountains in the southwest, and the secular country where it is located is the Dali Dynasty. Along a straight official road all the way to the north, it is about a thousand miles away to the capital of the dynasty, Liyang City.

To the north is Datang, the largest country on the mainland.

The distance of thousands of miles is not far away. If Yujian flies, he can arrive in half a day, but Shen Yu chose to walk this time.

Although he hates walking, Su Mo sometimes makes sense.

Slow down, you can see more scenery, and meet more people watching the scenery.

So Shen Yu didn't go all the way fast, and it took several days to reach Liyang City.

After entering the city gate, he came to the second floor of a seemingly deserted inn, ordered a few small dishes, and then ordered a jug of wine.

Practitioners in the Golden Core Realm have already been able to fast and do not need food to satisfy their hunger, but since they are traveling in the world, they naturally have to live this kind of mortal life.

According to Su Mo, some of the food and drinks in Liyang City are quite good.

While waiting for the food, Shen Yu leaned on the second floor and looked at the street, and couldn't help but wander.

There are five continents and four seas in total.

Zhongzhou, Xilingzhou, Dongzuzhou, Nanyanzhou, Beixuanzhou.

And Daozong is located above Zhongzhou.

Daofan Daofan told him to remember to go to Yunya City in Dongzuzhou before leaving. It seems that some of his old friends encountered some troubles in writing letters.

In addition, Yang Liu's hometown is also in Dongzu Prefecture, so I specially asked myself to visit her hometown.

After all, it is a journey to the spiritual wasteland, and there is always a purpose, so Shen Yu took note of these two things very carefully.

It's just that he soon found that he seemed to have encountered a small problem.

He has no clearance documents.

There are several big countries in the land of the two states. If you want to cross these places to reach Dongzu state, you need a customs clearance document issued by the government, and he just doesn't have one.

Because many years ago, the Dali Dynasty had treated him as a dead person.

Shen Yu frowned, wondering if he should go back.

At this moment, there were suddenly noises from young men and women on the street downstairs.

"Someone hired temporary guards at the market in the west of the city, and from there they went east all the way to Xunxian Port in Dongzu Prefecture."

"It is required to be above the third level of warriors in the first sense state, and the remuneration will be more generous if the warriors are above the Zhiyang state."

"If you make a contribution during the journey, you can get a Juli Pill after the mission is over."

Several Yazi shouted all the way on the bustling street, and then one after another, people walked towards the market in the west of the city.

Shen Yu looked at this scene and thought about it.

Guard?

Seems like a pretty good choice.


In a grocery store in the market, several well-dressed men kept coming in and out of the store, carrying some goods.

In front of the shop were several luxurious carriages, and an old man with white beard and hair stood in front of the carriages.

And the surroundings were already filled with countless spectators.

There were already many people lying in front of him, most of them were mortal men with ragged clothes who wanted to earn a living. A few of them had kung fu, but they couldn't stop him even with a single punch.

Looking at the group of howling men, the old man couldn't help shaking his head and sighing.

The exquisite carriage on the left and right suddenly raised the curtain, and a cold voice came from inside.

"Old Kou, it's fine if there is no one else. With you and Brother Jiang, who is on the fifth floor of the First Sense Realm, I think this line of work is enough."

A burly man with a rough face in front of the carriage heard this, patted his chest, and said with a smile: "Miss is right."

The old man known as Kou Lao looked helpless, and his brows were deeply frowned. As a person who has walked the rivers and lakes for decades, he knows that people's hearts are complicated and the road is not smooth.

Therefore, the more guards there are, the safer it is.

It's just that it's not easy to tell his own lady about these reasons. When he was hesitating, a calm voice rang in his ear.

"I heard that guards are being hired here?"

The old man turned his head, and saw a man in green shirt with an indifferent face standing in front of him.

Shen Yu glanced at him, sighing in her heart that the practitioners in the secular world are still so weak after so many years, and a practitioner who has just stepped into the Dao realm is actually called a strong person here.

However, this is also normal. There are hundreds of millions of souls in Linghuang, and there are very few people who are qualified to step on the road of the great road, let alone those geniuses who still walk a long way on the road of the great road.

In the secular world, if one's practice reaches the Golden Core Realm, he will be respected as a god by ordinary people, not to mention the practitioners of the Immortal Wandering Realm, even in a secular country like the Dali Dynasty, they are all regarded as the national teacher of a country.

Only the Taoist sect, a top practice holy place in the world, would have such talented young seedlings go there.

"Dare to ask what realm your honor is in?"

The old man did not underestimate him because of his age.

Shen Yu didn't speak, but looked at the two exquisite carriages, and asked earnestly, "I'll drive for Miss, can I?"


		