

The aura on Siguo Cliff is thin, damp and cold.

Ding Yi was beaten until his internal organs were almost displaced, and it took him a long time to forcefully stand up.

Shen Yu took a look.

Ding Yi was pale, his face was gloomy, and his eyes were full of hatred.

Seeing Shen Yu's gaze, he spat a mouthful of blood foam on the ground, and said, "Grandmother, you think I'm going to cry, you underestimate people, this hurts, back then I was... hiss... .”

As if the wound was affected, Ding Yi bared his teeth and grinned.

Shen Yu said: "Aren't you afraid of being beaten when you talk to me?"

"I'm afraid."

Ding Yi let out a roar, then suddenly shrank his neck and looked around, then said in a low voice: "I can't beat that bastard right now, just watch, I'm sure I'll beat him when I'm awesome."

Shen Yu smiled and did not refute.

"Shen Yu, I'm just curious, just ask."

Ding Yi put away that hippie smile, and his eyes became serious, as if there was a trace of expectation.

"Did you really do what happened to Yunyang Temple?"

Shen Yu looked at him calmly, remembering that he said earlier that he came from a remote mountain village in the southwest, which seemed to belong to Luoyang Town,

Then he nodded seriously.

"Oh."

Ding Yi looked complicated, but in the end he didn't say anything.

Shen Yu didn't care, got up slowly, and then looked at the Qinglu Palace shrouded in clouds and mist indifferently, thinking that they had still found out the matter.

Then he breathed a sigh of relief, as if he had made up his mind.

A moment later, the top of the cliff was full of wind and clouds, and countless seas of clouds scattered in all directions.

Si Guoya's thin spiritual power began to slowly gather towards the top of Shen Yu's head, and finally formed a small vortex. The milky white spiritual energy enveloped Shen Yu's figure, with green shirt and long hair, like a dripping fairy.

Ding opened his eyes wide, looking at this scene in shock.


Within the Taoist sect, the treatment of Shen Yu was exactly as Zhang Zhi said, and no one dared to speak out to plead for Shen Yu.

Duzhen Hall and Yan Fa Hall were silent at the same time, Yuan Sheng Hall never made a statement, and Qing Lv Hall was naturally the leader in this turmoil.

And this time, the situation intensified, and it could no longer be calmed down with a few mild punishments.

The realm of the most benevolent Taoist priest in Yunyang Temple is not high. The old Taoist priest has done good deeds all his life. He is good at alchemy and the art of Qihuang. They almost regarded him as a living god, and the Taoist title of Zhishan was conferred by the Dali Dynasty himself.

As for the two inhumane crimes committed by Shen Yu, the disciples of the Four Palaces and Seven Peaks were already resentful, and they were ashamed to be in the same sect as him. Some even said that he was a spy of the Taoist sect from the Nanman Demon Territory.

The Taoist sect was already in a state of excitement at this time, overnight, Shen Yu became a scum of the sect, and everyone wanted to expel him from the sect.

It's just that even so, Daozong still didn't announce his disposal these days, because there was a more important matter about to take place at this time.

Zongmen Dabi.

This time the competition is related to whether they can go to Zhongzhou Academy and participate in the world-famous baptism of saints.

Only the first place in the big competition is eligible to represent Daozong.

In this way, the location of this competition was held in the square in front of the Patriarch Hall.

As we all know, the Patriarch Square will only be used when Daozong holds a grand ceremony or the succession of the head.

Significance.

Therefore, this time the Zongmen Grand Competition is not only to test the cultivation of the disciples, but also to distinguish who is the number one among the younger generation of Daozong.

Then the winner will take this honor to Zhongzhou and accept the once-in-a-century baptism on the third floor of the academy.

This time the competition rules are extremely simple, not all disciples of the Four Palaces and Seven Peaks can sign up to participate, but Daoxuan Daoxuan of Yanfa Palace personally selects four candidates.

Only four people.

Fang Hen in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, Yu Wenwen in the Palace of Crossing the Truth, and the Palace of Yanfa are surprisingly not Fan Weimin, but Mingjian, and the Palace of Yuansheng was originally Shen Yu, but now it is replaced by a disciple whose name has never been heard from Zuowangfeng. His name is Zhang Jian.

Some disciples with higher cultivation bases were not convinced by this. It was understandable that Shen Yu was not qualified to participate, but why an unknown guy could easily become one of the four.

So that night, several disciples from the four halls and seven peaks came to Zuowang Peak and made provocative words, but within half an hour they were all severely injured by Zhang Jian and thrown out of the peak.

Since then, everyone has realized that Zhang Jian is indeed qualified and capable to replace Shen Yu.


mayday.

Overlooking the Patriarch Square, this square that can accommodate tens of thousands of people has countless black lines gathering from all directions to the center.

Half an hour later, countless disciples gathered at the top square platform.

The crowd was divided into ten phalanxes. Except for Yuansheng Hall, the other three halls and seven peaks belonged to each other.

Daoxuan, the master of the Yanfa Hall, presided over the sect competition, Xun Ju of the Qinglu Hall, and Lou Lianzhao, the rare master of the Duzhen Hall, also appeared in person, and the masters of the three halls appeared at the same time. It added a bit of grandeur and tension.

The most eye-catching thing in the crowd was Duzhendian, with countless temperamental, young and beautiful female disciples standing together, smiling sweetly, every frown and smile was the most beautiful scenery in the world, and some disciples with uncertain temperaments almost forgot about it.

On the high platform, there are two outsiders.

Lu Wenyu stood on the right side above the high platform, and on the other side of him stood a young monk, it was Huike, and the two were talking in a low voice.

Someone saw the two from a distance, and was surprised that people from the academy and the Lingyin Temple in the Western Regions had come to watch.

Reverend Daoxuan stood at the highest point of the square and scanned the thousands of Daozong disciples in the world. When the mountain wind blew, the Daoxuan Daoist robe fluttered in a fairy-like manner.

The four disciples participating in this competition walked to the center of the high platform one by one, and stood in the square.

After half a year of self-cultivation, Fang Hen can't see any injuries at all. Now he is standing in the east position with a stalwart figure.

Yu Wenwen changed into a red dress, holding a three-foot long sword, and stood quietly in the south, her face was calm, and the breeze blew her hair full of black hair, like a fairy in the world.

Seeing that his expression was indifferent, and he was standing in the north, everyone still didn't know why the Yanfa Palace asked him to participate in this competition.

And the one that caught the most attention was the last person who replaced Shen Yu in Yuansheng Palace.

Zhang Jian, the great disciple of Zuowang Peak.

I saw that he was wearing the characteristic white gown of Zuo Wangfeng, with a slender figure, a handsome face, and an indescribable elegance.

Reverend Daoxuan looked around, with a solemn face, and said loudly: "Three thousand years ago, the patriarch of my Taoist sect met the Li Taoist sect in the southwest, taught the Taoism of longevity, and opened up the path of longevity for my Taoist sect."

"Two thousand years ago, the Nanman Monster Territory went northward to conspire against me in the middle land. My Daoist Senior Shoujing Daoist brought five fellow disciples and fought against the Monster Race for nine days and nine nights on the bank of the Linyuan River outside Nanhe City. , slashed countless big monsters, drenched in blood, and finally exhausted his spiritual power, died of exhaustion, and no one escaped."

"One thousand and five hundred years ago, the seal of the northern border was loosened, foreign races invaded, and the ancient demon was about to be born. It was Lin Lingsu, the former head of my Taoist sect, who used his body as a seal and gave up his life's cultivation to suppress the ancient demon in the north. Under the Demon Mountain, with the life of one person, I waited for other practitioners from the Eight Great Holy Lands to come."

"Twelve hundred years ago..."

Reverend Daoxuan spoke very slowly, but his voice was steady and deep. Every word represented this period of tragic history. Daozong disciples felt the vicissitudes and heaviness in it.

Even the monk Huike and Lu Wenyu of the academy both had solemn faces, admiring the solemnity of the Taoist seniors.

Daozong, one of the nine holy places, stands proudly in the southwestern part of the Linghuang Continent relying on the indelible deeds that Daoxuan Zhen said.

Inherited for thousands of years without interruption.

Reverend Daoxuan looked down, and said: "As the best disciples of my Dao Sect, no matter who wins this competition and goes to Zhongzhou Academy, you must not do anything that damages the foundation and reputation of my Dao Sect."

"Otherwise, I will kill it."

"clear."

The four disciples said in unison.

Reverend Daoxuan nodded, and said in a trembling voice: "Start."


		