

At the foot of Fenbaoya Mountain.

Many elders from the Fourth Palace and Seven Peaks who usually practiced hard in seclusion or wandered outside gathered together in twos and threes.

This time when Fenbaoya is opened, new disciples who have completed Lingbao inheritance may be appreciated by these people and become their disciples.

It's just that if you have the opportunity to get the Lingbao inheritance, you will definitely step into the Immortal Ascension Realm decades later, and some talented disciples may even become great monks in the upper three realms.

In this way, the elders of the Fourth Palace and Seven Peaks are naturally unwilling to give up this kind of thing that increases their respective backgrounds.

Yan Qingshu stood under a huge Qilian fairy tree, with a calm expression, and beside him was Chen Jianzhi from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, who was also silent.

Time passed quickly. At this time, many beginner disciples had already walked down the mountain, each with their heads down, their hands empty. After seeing many elders, they lowered their heads even more.

Those great practitioners from the Fourth Palace and the Seventh Peak did not speak, and their eyes were calm. It is too difficult to obtain the Lingbao inheritance in the Fenbao Cliff, and it is normal if they cannot get it.

In the hundreds of years of the Taoist sect, those who got the inheritance of the Lingbao for the first time when they stepped into Fenbao Cliff, their names may not be able to write a Dao note.

At this time, a young disciple came down the mountain in a hurry, holding a rusty lantern fish in his hand, and was quickly summoned by an elder in the Seven Peaks.

The elder with white beard and hair smiled openly, dragged the little guy and left through the air.

Afterwards, almost all the disciples who participated in the Baoya Cliff came down the mountain one after another. Some of them carried various spiritual treasures in their hands, while many more had nothing in their hands.

Some deacons in blue clothes of Qifeng began to represent their respective fairy peaks and also participated in the selection.

On the other hand, the elders of the fourth hall were still calm and calm, just looking at the top of the mountain quietly.

The elders of the fourth hall have always been extremely cautious in recruiting disciples, and they will value more other things besides talent.


Jiang Shaoqiu held a long blue ruler tightly in his hand, and walked up the mountain with a face full of excitement.

Elder Xu Qingmei from Duzhen Hall saw the three-foot-long ruler emitting a faint light from a distance, and said in surprise: "This is, this is... the Qiankun Ruler. I didn't expect this spiritual treasure to be born."

Elder Daochen of the Qing Law Hall nodded slightly, and said: "The uncle of Master Chunyang relied on this spirit treasure to conquer the spirit. I didn't expect this kid's aptitude to be only above average, but he was recognized by it."

The thin Taoist in Yuansheng Temple just closed his eyes and meditated, and didn't care about it.

On the other side, Zhou Yi from Yanfa Hall stood up, but he planned to take that disciple into Yanfa Hall.

The other three elders smiled and did not argue.

Several people knew that Master Chunyang's uncle was born in Yanfa Palace, so this kid inherited the spirit treasure of Master Chunyang's uncle, so he is naturally a member of Yanfa Palace.

Jiang Shaoqiu saluted Zhou Yi respectfully, and then stood behind the old man under the envious eyes of everyone.

Among the four palaces, there was finally the first new disciple entering the room.


A sound of thunder came from the forest.

Afterwards, I saw the clouds rolling, lightning flashing and thundering, and in an instant, there was a silver light rushing from the clouds.

After the silver light, there was a handsome young man with him.

It was Ye Zhiqiu.

Ye Zhiqiu tightly held a pair of five-foot-long maces in his right hand. The body of the maces was like water, and there was a faint sound of wind and thunder.

"Innate Spirit Treasure."

"One of the few innate spiritual treasures in Fenbaoya, the thunder mace."

"This person's talent is outstanding, and the opportunity is so deep, he is indeed the proud son of heaven."

The elders of the Fourth Hall and Seven Peaks all looked at the handsome young man with admiration in their eyes.

Daochen Daochen was the first to speak and said, "Very good, are you willing to enter my Qinglu Palace?"

Ye Zhiqiu was undecided at this time, and he didn't think about it. He just bowed to the elders, and then silently came behind Daochen Daochen.

Seeing this, the other three sighed lightly.

Pity.

This is a genius disciple who is expected to step into the upper three realms, and may even reach the ethereal realm.

However, even for such an excellent disciple, the three of them did not fight for it. Earlier, the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty had taken a fancy to Ye Zhiqiu, and even before he had entered the Taoist realm, he had already sent someone to guide him in his practice.

At this time, it is indeed not easy to compete with the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, and to be hostile to others for no reason.

Xu Qingmei smiled lightly, looked away from the young man, turned to look at the thin Taoist with his eyes closed, and said, "Elder Daofan, here today, do you have a promising disciple? "

As soon as this remark came out, the scene suddenly became a little quiet.

Elder Daofan is the elder of Yuansheng Temple, and besides the head of the sect, he is the most powerful elder in Yuansheng Temple.

Yuan Sheng Temple has not accepted a disciple for a long time. For decades, it has only accepted one major disciple who deviates from the orthodox tradition.

Speaking of which, the head of the Taoist sect has been practicing in seclusion for decades and has never shown up. There are still some faint rumors that the head has been dismissed.

During the previous trips to Fenbaoya, Elder Daofan never showed up at all. This time, why did he come here suddenly?

Is it he himself who wants to accept apprentices, or... the head who has been in seclusion for decades wants to accept apprentices?

If it is the latter, it will definitely shock the entire Taoist sect, and even other sects in the mountains and seas will be shocked.

Master Daofan remained expressionless, and said calmly: "This time, the master asked me to come."

"The master asked me to come."

Hearing such blunt words, Xu Qingmei, who originally wanted to chat a few words, suddenly changed her face.

Master Daochen stroked his beard subconsciously and pondered, among the disciples of this generation, could it be that someone's talent has already alarmed the master? If true, that would be too shocking.

Zhou Yi looked at the sea of ​​clouds in the distance, as if thinking of something.

The head of the sect who has been in retreat for decades, has he crossed the legendary barrier of heaven and earth when he comes out this time?


A crisp laughter broke the silence in the arena.

The little girl with two shofar braids jumped up and down in front of everyone.

She didn't have a spirit treasure in her hand, but above the little girl's slender waist, a simple jade pendant was emitting a pale yellow light.

The light continuously penetrated into the little girl's body, enveloping her whole body.

Everyone was attracted by this scene.

There are spirit treasures that can cleanse the body, but spirit treasures that can evolve the true meaning of the Dao at all times and cleanse the distracting thoughts of the mind are rare in the world.

Some people have already recognized the origin of this treasure, and more people have doubts on their faces.

Xu Qingmei and Yan Qingshu who came from Duzhen Palace changed their expressions at the same time and rushed out.


As soon as the little girl came down the mountain, she was instantly surrounded by two slender figures. She was startled, looked at the two nervously, and said, "You...what are you...doing?"

Yan Qingshu smiled sweetly.

Xu Qingmei looked at the simple jade pendant, her eyes were full of memories, then she pointed to the jade pendant and said softly: "Don't be afraid, I just want to ask."

"How did you get this jade pendant?"

Shang Yingluo blinked her eyes and said, "I was walking on the mountain, and then a light flew towards me, and then, it came into my hands."

"The chosen one is you." Xu Qingmei murmured.

Yan Qingshu stepped forward and asked, "Are you willing to enter my Duzhen Palace?"

Unexpectedly, the little girl did not speak.

Shang Yingluo's talent is the most outstanding among this generation of beginner disciples, and even decades ago, she is still outstanding.

Not only the Duzhen Hall, but also the other three halls all want to include her in it.

The little girl thought for a while, got a little tangled up, then turned around and said, "Shen Yu, tell me, do you want to go?"


The light on the little girl's body was so dazzling that everyone almost ignored the handsome young man behind her.

Shen Yu's face was a little pale. As early as when he was going down the mountain, he saw the long ruler and the thunder mace with the faint sound of wind and thunder, and finally saw the jade pendant that gave off a dark yellow aura.

He had seen this jade pendant on the top of the mountain before, but he was a little surprised that he didn't expect it to have such a heaven-defying function.

Yan Qingshu's eyes were complicated, and he said: "This pure heart jade pendant comes from my Duzhen Hall, it is my master's relic, and it has been silent for hundreds of years."

There were exclamations of surprise all around, no one thought that this spirit treasure was actually the possession of the previous master of Duzhen Hall.

Shen Yu asked: "Are you and the master of Duzhen Hall of this generation sisters?"

Yan Qingshu nodded and said, "Yes."

Shen Yu rubbed the little girl's head, and said seriously: "Then why hesitate, if you go there, your seniority will be higher than others."


Yan Qingshu and Xu Qingmei were a little puzzled, they looked at the young man suspiciously, Shang Yingluo couldn't stop blinking, even more ignorant.

Shen Yu said: "Since you have obtained the inheritance of the Qingxin Jade Pendant, can it be said that your master's inheritance, logically, they should be your little sisters."

Then he looked around at the many new disciples, and said seriously, "I'm also your uncle."

According to Shen Yu's logic, it seems to be like this, but it is too ridiculous for a little girl to be a generation higher than everyone else.

Will the master of the fourth hall of the Taoist sect, the true immortal woman whose cultivation has almost reached the pinnacle of this world, agree?

Yan Qingshu was silent for a moment, then said seriously: "I need to go back and ask the Palace Master about this matter."

"Can."

The clouds flowed, and a voice came from the depths of the clouds.

There was another loud noise in the arena, everyone looked at each other, and even the big monk was startled.

What's even more incredible is that she actually agreed.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and when the jade pendant appeared, he felt the aura of that woman's real fairy.

And Shang Yingluo's background is a bit special, if she can become the junior junior sister of that palace master, it will surely save a lot of trouble.

The little girl came back to her senses, tugged at the corner of Shen Yu's clothes, and asked, "What about you? Are you coming too?"

Shen Yu was interrupted just as she was about to speak.

"Does he have the qualifications?"


		