

As Shen Yu stopped writing, the real dragon gradually disappeared.

Zhao Ji looked at Shen Yu's painting in shock, and suddenly remembered the sword he had unleashed in the Yang family's mansion.

The same domineering unparalleled.

There are so few people in the world, no matter how high or low they are, or how big or small they are, when they practice what they are born to belong to, they are the most romantic characters.

Qing Zhi returned to the stone table.

The tea smoke that was originally curling up has disappeared without knowing when.

Everyone on the round platform recovered from the shock and daze.

Dongfang Duan looked unwilling, but helpless.

From the moment he wrote the pen, he knew that he had lost everything.

But this kind of unskilled, unreasonable, peculiar way of crushing made him a little unacceptable.

There was a short silence.

"First, Shen Yu."

Dongfang Daozi, who was the judge, glanced at the manual and said calmly.

According to the normal process, generally speaking, it is necessary to evaluate the top three.

However, he only pronounced the first place. Generally speaking, he would definitely attract objections, but this time he did not.

Because even laymen can see that this kind of painting skills that are close to Taoism are no longer at the same level as others.

Shen Yu stepped down from the round stage, frowned suddenly, and asked, "How many more times does this kind of competition need?"

Yang Pan'er recovered from the shock and said, "Choose the first place in all competitions and enter the final decisive battle."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows: "Group battle?"

Yang Pan'er nodded and said, "Yes."

Shen Yu glanced around, wondering: "Why is there no type of direct fight?"

In the world of practice, no matter what kind of posture or method one takes to enter the Tao, the most basic and most important thing is combat power.

The law of the jungle preys on the strong, and embarking on the road of cultivation will inevitably be bloody.

So I can understand that the most common battles are used to determine the outcome in the end, but some people don't understand that since there is always a fight, why do so many tricks and what is the point?

Yang Yuanhao remained silent all this time, and only now did he open his mouth to explain: "It's mainly for the quota and profit. The top five can control the distribution of the immortal jade spirit veins outside the city. As for why there was no competition in the beginning..."

Yang Yuanhao smiled wryly, and said: "The Qingxu sect has been the number one in the spring examination for decades, and the resources of its disciples are the highest in the entire Linshan country, so... there is no need."

There is no need, because anyway, the final winners are all Qingxu factions.

Shen Yu let out an oh, and then walked around wandering around.

The Dao painting competition ended soon, but the rest of the competition was still in full swing.

There are romantic men who roam the world on the chessboard.

There is an old man in his seventies who does not have the slightest state but sits quietly on a high platform and meditates.

There were three scholars sitting together, giving advice.

Nangong Rou, daughter of Nangong's patriarch, was strategizing on the array, with a lazy expression.

Shen Yu didn't stop anywhere, and just glanced over everything.

Yang Pan'er followed behind, worried: "Shen Yu, will you be able to beat them later?"

"Since you want to help you withdraw the engagement, that's a natural thing."

Shen Yu said.

Yang Pan'er whispered: "Then what if we can't win?"

Shen Yu thought about it seriously, and said: 'Then run. '

Yang Pan'er scratched her little head and nodded heavily.


The spring test lasted from noon to the second day.

Most of the people present were practitioners, and they were not at all tired. What's more, there were many houses and buildings around the round platform for rest, and there were many beautiful maids, which was very comfortable.

Yang Yuanhao lived a normal life, was tired all the year round, and had already rested.

In the middle of the night, there were still countless noises in the distance.

Shen Yu has been standing on the edge of the round platform and looked up into the distance.

But Yang Pan'er's eyelids were fighting, but she still stubbornly sat on the small bench beside her, leaning against Shen Yu and fell asleep.

Zhao Ji brought a luxurious shawl and gently covered the little girl.

Shen Yu glanced at her.

Zhao Ji looked as usual, and asked, "You have been looking at the sky for so long, what are you looking at?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "People are always easily attracted by the scenery in the distance, but forget what is in front of them."

Zhao Ji listened quietly.

Shen Yu pointed to the starry sky, "The sky is full of stars and the sea, and the endless sky of spiritual energy. Under such a vision of heaven and earth, human beings are so small and fragile, and they seem so magnificent, but everyone here can't even look up. I don’t even have any ideas, but I care about some lesser-known magical medicines, so I don’t understand.”

Zhao Ji sneered and said: "You come from the Taoist sect, and you are born to be admired by thousands of people, so you can have such an overbearing and unparalleled Taoism, but everyone here is working hard for the cultivation resources. Their vision is different, and what they see is different. How can it be the same?"

Shen Yu didn't explain some mistakes in the other party's words, but was silent for a while, nodded and said: "That makes sense."

Zhao Ji then looked at the starry sky and sighed, "Even if you can win this competition, it won't change much for the Yang family, it's just lingering."

In the name of Daozong Shen Yu, she had heard that Fang Hen had been defeated by Ling Yunbang before, so Zhao Ji was not worried about winning or losing this competition.

But she was concerned with other issues.

Shen Yu said lightly: "I came here to end Yang Pan'er's engagement, and the spring test has no meaning to me."

The old servant asked back: "The Qingxu faction is intertwined in Qianliu City, how can you solve it?"

Shen Yu said calmly: "Just kill a few more people."


Zhao Ji stared at Shen Yu's eyes, as if trying to see something.

A giant like Daozong is naturally like a scourge to small sects like the Qingxu Sect.

But the power of a person and the power of a sect are completely different concepts.

Behind the Qingxu Sect is Broken Blade Mountain, which is as big as the Guiyun Immortal Sect before the chaos, and there is also a top practitioner in the world there.

She cared, or was afraid that Shen Yu would act recklessly and leave in the end, leaving a bigger trouble for the Yang family.

Shen Yu said calmly: "The solution I'm talking about is naturally a complete solution. As for you, no matter what the reason is, the Yaozu can't harm the world at will. I let you go last time, but there will be no next time."

The fox demon narrowed his eyes, exuding a faint demonic aura around him.

It is really rare for a cultivator of the realm to speak to her like this.

Shen Yu didn't turn her head back, and asked lightly, "You're looking for death?"

Looking at his figure, the old servant suddenly remembered that sword for some reason, hesitating for a while, but the aura around him was still calm.

The two were silent.

On this round platform so high in the sky, some people are happy, some are melancholy, some are dreaming, some are upset, and some are looking at the stars and the sea.

This scene is like fireworks in the world.

As the red sun shines from a distance, thousands of rays of light shine out from the boundless darkness, just like the hope in the hearts of the people.

It was silent for a long time.

finally.

Its daybreak.


		