

The blood on the crone's forehead stained the snow-covered ground bright red, and then gradually faded.

Shen Yu's attack was too decisive and too weird, it was beyond ordinary people's comprehension, and the few big men on the side stood still.

Over the years, they have killed too many people, and they are already used to seeing dead people.

Because this in itself is a trick they devised, using people's sympathy, and then killing people to steal money. The most important thing in this trick is the dead old woman.

She is a martial artist at the ninth level of the first feeling, and countless heroes and martial arts have died in her hands.

It's just that such a murderous martial artist was beaten to death with a single punch.

Seeing this scene, everyone's faces were pale, and they were already scared out of their wits.

Because the person who can kill the first-sense realm warrior must be the legendary practitioner.

The next moment, someone ran to the back of the alley first, and then the other three people also reacted and fled in all directions.

Shen Yu popped four streams of clear air casually, and saw screams coming from the air.

Afterwards, the sound of people falling to the ground was heard one after another in the dark alley, and in an instant, everyone was dead.

poof.

The only seven-foot man who didn't run away knelt down softly. He moved back desperately, trying to get away from the man in front of him, but his legs were helpless, and only some light yellow water droplets fell from his crotch.

He didn't die because he was scared and stupid and didn't escape.

I saw the man tremblingly saying: "Forgive...forgive my life...the guard captain of Nanhe City is my uncle...I..."

The sound stopped abruptly.

Shen Yu found that there was another person, so he waved his hand casually, and the man lost his breath.

There was no sound in the whole alley.

Shen Yu turned around and looked into the distance. A little girl with disheveled hair was squatting in the corner of the wall.

Shen Yu walked over.

The little girl looked up at Shen Yu, neither yelling nor running away, and stared at him indifferently with a small face full of cracks.

She knew that this man might kill herself too.

Shen Yu knelt down and said, "Are you hungry?"

The little girl nodded slightly.

Shen Yu grasped with her right hand, grabbed the money bag from the old woman, and handed it to the little girl.

"You won't be hungry anymore."


Shen Yu continued to walk towards the depths of the alley, and finally stopped in front of a dilapidated mansion.

The size of this house is huge, presumably there was a rich family living here before.

There is a slanted door plaque at the door of the house, and the handwriting on it can be vaguely discerned among the countless spider webs.

Shen Mansion.

The head of the Shen family in Nanhe City, Shen Yuanzhi, is a well-known country gentleman.

Every time there is a disaster, they will open warehouses to provide food to the people around them, and it is common to build bridges and pave roads. The Shen family is a scholar, and the owner is approachable. This is in Nanhe City, even some ordinary local ruffians dare not provoke such a person. family.

It was just more than ten years ago, for some reason, the entire Shen family was killed overnight, more than 20 people, including those Jianghu warriors who were invited to protect the courtyard, all died.

This kind of massacre even alarmed Liyang, the capital of Dali Kingdom.

There are rumors that some monsters from the Nanman Demon Realm did it, and some say that it was done by some practitioners who came and went without a trace, and there are different opinions.

It's just that many years have passed, and this case is still an unsolved case.

Shen Yu stood quietly in front of the gate steps, a wave appeared in her calm eyes for the first time.

The most important thing for him to go down the mountain this time is to come back and have a look. After all, he grew up here since he was a child, and Nanhe City is not too far from Daozong.

Shen Yu stepped forward, gently peeled off the almost rotten seal, and then slowly pushed open the door that had been covered in dust for several years.

The harsh sound of pushing the door broke the silence of the night, and Shen Yu walked in.

The courtyard is full of weeds, some of which are even taller than people, and occasionally a few skinny mice can be seen passing through the eaves.

Shen Yu casually walked through many places, gardens, rockeries, pools, bedrooms, and then came to the lobby.

There is a plaque hanging in the middle of the lobby, which says Mingde Weixin.

Shen Yu waved his sleeves to clear a step and sat down casually.

"I've been away for a few years, and all these years I've been wondering whether I should be grateful or hate you."

Shen Yu said to the empty courtyard: "You really did something wrong about that."

boom!

The crooked plaque suddenly exploded, shattering into many neat pieces of wood and falling to the ground.

Shen Yu gathered together casually, and then a tiny flame rose, and finally, a fire was ignited on the dark courtyard.

Shen Yu's eyes swayed in the firelight, with tranquility and sadness.

A crisp sword sound sounded, and then a cold woman appeared beside Shen Yu.

Jing Qing looked around and said, "Where is this?"

Shen Yu said: "Nanhe City, the residence of the Shen family."

"It's lifeless, and there's endless hostility, and there's a powerful monster aura on the other side of the river. This place is not good."

Jing Qing frowned slightly, and said, "It's far worse than Daozong Mountain Gate."

Shen Yu said: "Of course, but we will only stay here for a day or two before leaving."

"Do you have something on your mind?"

Jing Qing and Shen Yu were connected by their natal lives, so they naturally felt the young man's deep emotions.

Shen Yu said lightly: "Some trifles, there is something wrong with the state of mind, just temper it a bit."

Jing Qing sighed softly, "Sometimes you are even more boring than those old men in the third realm."

Shen Yu thought for a while, and then said: "That's right, but interesting people are coming soon."

Late night.

There were footsteps outside the lobby, and a figure appeared from the darkness.

He was a young man, wearing a short ramie jacket that the ancestors would have worn in ancient times. His skin was wheat-yellow.

He glanced casually at the lobby, then smiled lightly and said, "Hi, I'm here to kill you."


Shen Yu didn't look at him, but put her hands lightly in front of the fire plate, her expression indifferent.

After the little girl was let go in the alley at the beginning, Shen Yu knew that things would become more interesting.

Many years ago, he also released a little boy here.

At that time, the little boy was stopped by some people, and after some coercion and temptation, he revealed his appearance and whereabouts.

And today, that little girl is still like this.

Shen Yu didn't want to kill these two people, even if they would bring him endless troubles.

Human life is very precious.


Nanhe City border army formation, three hours ago.

Several corpses side by side were placed neatly in a tent, they were the big men who died in the dark alley.

Captain Hu Bufeng stood in front of a younger male corpse with a gloomy expression.

This person is the uncle of the young male corpse, the captain of Nanhe Township. There are dozens of military prefectures in the Dali Dynasty, and there are hundreds of border towns like Nanhe Town.

So even though he was a captain, he was the lowest-ranking officer, with only a hundred or so defenders under his command.

A person like him may not be noticeable in a big inland city.

But in Nanhe City, it is the existence of keeping promises.

A soldier looked at Hu Bufeng cautiously, and said, "General, do you want me to lead the troops to kill that man now? Anyway, that little girl has already said everything. Although that boy is a practitioner, he is still in the street. Killing someone is a violation of my laws."

"Let me think about it, don't rush to do it."

Hu Bufeng was fascinated and fell silent, and after a while he said quietly: "Do you still remember that Shen Yuan knew about the case of exterminating the family in Shen's residence?"

"Remember, this is a big event."

The confidant soldier was a little puzzled, why did the general bring this up?

Hu Bufeng said: "Can you see the injuries on these people? If I'm not mistaken, this person is from the Taoist sect."

The soldier exclaimed in a low voice, and said, "It's Daozong!"

Hu Bufeng nodded and said: "The little son of the Shen family back then was said to be extremely intelligent from birth. Some daozang..."

The soldier understood the meaning of the words, but he still felt that his general was a little too suspicious. What was the connection between what happened back then and today.

"General, you are worrying too much. There are too many child prodigies in the world, and what about the young master of the Shen family? They are just ordinary people. Besides, didn't the entire Shen family die that day?"

"No, there is one more person alive."

Hu Bufeng's eyes were blurred, and he murmured: "There are twenty-seven members of the Shen family, but only twenty-six of the bodies were found later."

The confidant soldier widened his eyes, and asked suspiciously: "Twenty-six, didn't the government report say twenty-seven?"

"Because things were too weird at the time, people in the capital city and Fucheng had an unbelievable speculation. Because it was too shocking, they didn't make it public."

Hu Bufeng looked at the wound on the young man's body, and said solemnly: "This matter may be true."

The soldier asked, "What speculation?"

Hu Bufeng looked at the confidant soldier in front of him with a complicated expression, and finally said: "Back then, there was a great monk with super strength in Nanhe City, and there were no other practitioners here at all that night."

"Among the twenty-seven corpses of the Shen family, only the young master is missing."

"And most importantly, the wounds on nine of them are exactly the same as the wounds in today."

"Today...that murderer went to...the Shen residence."

Hearing the words, the confidant soldier's eyes constricted, and he broke out in cold sweat, and shouted: "General, you mean, the cultivator today is the young master of the Shen family, and...and he And I personally killed...killed..."


		