

"A fairy weapon that is more powerful than you."

The young man's indifferent words echoed on the top of the mountain.

The gust of wind blew up, and the aura of Lingbao around became even more chaotic.

Afterwards, the clouds and mist gradually receded, and those simple spirit treasures were suspended in midair.

At the highest point, there is a sword, a jade ruyi, a jade pendant, and three spiritual treasures shining brilliantly. Then there is a middle-aged man leaning on the sword, a thin Taoist holding a ruyi, and a young woman wearing a jade pendant.

The three looked at Shen Yu with unfriendly eyes.

The innate things are all over the world, and they are arrogant, how can they endure such humiliation from others.

The coercion of the Lingbao in the peak suddenly increased several times, almost condensed into substance, and all poured into the calm young man.

Shen Yu didn't release her original aura, and said calmly, "Sorry, I'm not targeting the three of you."

Shen Yu explained: "I mean, all of your spirit treasures can't compare to that fairy weapon."


The young man explained seriously.

Shen Yu has been very unlikable since he came to Daozong, but what surprised him was that even Lingbao didn't like him.

In the sky, countless spiritual treasures exuded terrifying coercion, condensed into a white light group, and slowly pressed towards the young man.

If it was an ordinary disciple who entered the Dao realm, he would have already been annihilated by this moment.

It's a pity that Shen Yu is not an ordinary disciple. He shook his head slightly and sighed: "Although Tianxuan is stingy, his heart is much wider than yours."

boom!

Countless Spirit Treasure Qi condensed into a tornado, raging wantonly, and then rammed straight towards the boy.

Unfortunately, when the tornado was halfway through, it suddenly dissipated and finally turned into a white mist.

A golden light descended from the sky, instantly destroying the tornado aura.

"Measurable days"

The three transformed spirits looked up at the sky, with horror on their faces.

They had been in Fenbaoya for countless years, and it was the first time they saw the fairy artifact "Liangtian" actively protect a person.

"It seems that you are not here, otherwise, you would have come out when I said bad things about you."

Shen Yu was in a daze, the familiar breath did not appear, and after a while, he walked along the mountain road to the depths of the sea of ​​clouds.

Feeling the will of "Liangtian", the spirit of the surrounding Lingbao has long dissipated, and there is silence on the top of the mountain.

Shen Yu sighed softly, since it wasn't there, she should find one first.

A golden light shone on him.

Shen Yu felt its thoughts, and when she gave it to that kid, it was also so nostalgic.

"Take good care of what he left behind."

The celestial artifact 'Liang Tian' let out a soft cry.

The young man turned around and looked at the sea of ​​clouds all over the sky, and said, "Who is willing to go with me?"

Shen Yu's words didn't get any response, and the sea of ​​clouds kept ups and downs, as if mocking him.

The middle-aged man leaning on the sword even sneered, while the other Taoist and the woman were full of amusement.

Juque, three treasures, pure heart.

Daozong's famous three innate spiritual treasures were all treasures of three powerful men in the fairyland hundreds of years ago.

The spiritual treasure tool spirit chooses the master to live in, and the conditions are naturally extremely harsh.

Looking at this scene, Shen Yu wondered why they were so proud.


The wind rises and the clouds surge.

The young man looked at the mountains and rivers, and countless black and yellow auras emanated from him, and then he descended like a sage from heaven, golden lotuses gushed from the ground, and rain fell from the sky.

This is the second time that Shen Yu has voluntarily released her original Taoism. The first time was when she first came to Taoism, which attracted a huge river of aura.

There was a brief silence.

All the spiritual treasures in the entire Fenbaoya began to tremble after feeling the true meaning of the Dao.

On the cliff, the sand and gravel tumbling slightly, and then fell to the bottom of the cliff.

Countless spirit treasures began to circle Shen Yu, forming a silver halo.

The immortal weapon 'Liang Tian' released his will again, this time, it was not oppression, but submission.

Shen Yu closed his eyes and looked around slightly, as if looking for something in the breath of countless spiritual treasures. After a while, he opened his eyes and walked towards the front.

The three Artifact Spirits got up one after another, their previous arrogance had long since disappeared, and they all looked forward to the young man walking towards this direction.

They have never been the choice of accidental teenagers. Among Fenbaoya, the most powerful spiritual treasures are them.

Which one will he choose?

Is it the ancient sword and giant que, or the three treasures, or the jade pendant with a pure heart.


Shen Yu strode forward, and then... passed them.

Go further.

On Fenbao Cliff, the three spiritual treasures who had been waiting alone for hundreds of years looked at each other with shocked expressions.

Are there more powerful spirit treasures, or fairy artifacts, than them?


On the top of the cliff, there are several stone platforms with different heights, and the farthest place is where Shen Yu is going.

That stone platform actually has a hint of greenness, a small piece of moss, which is particularly conspicuous in the entire desolate Fenbao Cliff.

Shen Yu stopped, looking at the wooden sword leaning on the stone platform.

The only Lingbao that didn't shine brightly.

The body of the sword is three feet three, it is crimson purple, the hilt is black, and a red sword tassel hangs from the top, which seems very inconspicuous.

Shen Yu knew that this sword was more powerful than all the spiritual treasures in Baoya.

His spiritual sense sensed that the weapon spirit contained in the sword body was extremely powerful, and he was very proud.

Even after Shen Yu released the vast true meaning of Dao, she was unwilling to show up.

Shen Yu felt that this sword seemed to be against her temper.

A proud man, a proud sword.


If you don't even care about the true meaning of the Dao, how can you get the inheritance of the wooden sword?

Shen Yu frowned, he hadn't encountered anything to think about for a long time, which made him a little bit at a loss.

Possessing the innate Taoism and the true meaning of the Dao, the person who has dreamed of inheriting countless ancient spiritual treasures and fairy artifacts on Fenbao Cliff, has nothing to do with this wooden sword.

An hour passed.

The setting sun is setting.

Then the sky was full of stars.

Shen Yu sat cross-legged beside the stone platform, chatting with Mu Jian non-stop, talking about things three thousand years ago, and talking about some proud things in competition with others, but no matter how good he said, Mu Jian remained silent. Leaning back, there was no response.

There was no trace of frustration on Shen Yu's face, and his expression remained firm.

He remembered that many years ago, when he was a young monk who had just stepped into the Qi Refining Realm, it was the same situation when he met Tian Xuan at that time.

He said to himself, Tianxuan didn't respond, but after decades, no one would have thought that this person and his sword would reach the pinnacle of this world.

Therefore, the boy is not in a hurry.

In the twilight, it didn't know when it started to rain spasmodically, Fenbaoya was desolate, and Shen Yu simply let the rain wet his green shirt.

After talking for another half an hour, the rain became heavier and heavier, and a bolt of lightning suddenly appeared in the sky, breaking the darkness.

The sudden bright light illuminated Shen Yu beside the stone platform, and there was a...a black shadow ten feet away behind him.

Imposing.

"You still showed up."

Shen Yu turned around slowly, looked at the black shadow not far away, felt the murderous intent emanating from the other party, and said: "When I first went to Yanfa Temple, I felt this murderous intent, I guess If you are right, you should be a member of Qifeng, why did you kill me?"

The man in black said indifferently: "Young and talented, so you must die."

"Yes, it is sufficient."

With a slight movement of Shen Yu, the thick true spirit disperses from the body, and all the rainwater on the body is shaken away in an instant.

"From the beginning, I followed behind you to observe."

The man in black looked at Shen Yu's expression and behavior at this time, with a flash of appreciation in his eyes, and said: "The same innate Taoism, Yu Wenwen is not as good as you."

Shen Yu let out a cry.

"Because some people don't like you, and there are certain things that don't make someone like you grow."

The man in black seemed to want to talk to the young man in front of him. There was no way for a disciple who entered the Dao realm to escape from his own hands.

"Since you started, you haven't practiced seriously, not even for a day, but the strange thing is that your cultivation speed is actually faster than others."

"Besides me, many old men in Daozong are watching you, but they are not as careful as I am."

"It was the first time you showed your cultivation in the competition between the two peaks. Up to now, from the foot of the mountain to here, you have shown too many things that I find unbelievable."

"It made me have to show up early."

"Because, you are too fast..."


		