

The beam of aura light lasted for a while and then dissipated.

Because Shen Yu found that the temporary barrier he had previously set up did not have much effect, so he withdrew his mind and stopped practicing.

He stood up and looked out the window, feeling the strong breath remaining above the sky, and sighed secretly.

There was still a lot of noise.

The door of the room was pushed open abruptly, and Ming Jian, who was serious and steady before, rushed in in a panic, looking at the two with some doubts.

Shang Yingluo was currently stuffing the last fruit into her mouth.

And Shen Yu leaned against the head of the bed with a calm expression on his face.

Ming Jian looked at the young man and asked uncertainly, "You?"

Shen Yu pointed to the little girl and said, "She."

Shang Yingluo puffed her cheeks, blinked her big watery eyes, and looked confused, "Me?"

So, the second day.

The entire Taoist sect has rumored that a heavenly Dao body appeared in the outer sect, and when he was moved, he aroused the vision of heaven and earth, and even alarmed the legendary junior sister who was noticed by countless elders in the inner sect.


Green Bamboo Peak has now gathered many peers, and the boring and tasteless practice has become less difficult.

Talent and xinxing are the most important foundations of a cultivator, and the level of this aspect has caused many disciples to have a gap in their cultivation.

In the bamboo grove on the mountainside, disciples in twos and threes gathered together to exchange their cultivation experience, which made the quiet Green Bamboo Peak a lot of laughter.

In this way, with the passage of time, more and more people broke through to the second or even third level of Qi Refining, and officially stepped into the road of cultivation.

However, there is one person who is out of tune with them.

Mingjian noticed that handsome young man very early on. After all the disciples in the courtyard successfully broke through the second and third levels of Qi training, his realm seemed to have not improved at all from the beginning.

Although he didn't like it, he still chatted with Shen Yu a few times and asked him if there was something wrong with his cultivation method, but unfortunately, this kid didn't care at all, and he just said a few perfunctory words every time.

After arriving at the back, it was even more speechless.

Every morning, when everyone got up early to meditate and practice Qi, he fell asleep in the house.

But at noon, when many disciples exchanged ideas and competed with each other, he hid in the shade and teased a few transparent rabbits.

In the evening, I found a few wooden barrels and ran to the top of the mountain to water some orchids.

His performance is not like a new disciple at all, not to mention hard work, he is too lazy to do daily practice, instead, he seems to come here to visit the mountains and rivers.

Of course, his realm has always been at the first level of Qi training.

Seeing this scene every day, I felt a little helpless. Although I was a little angry, I didn't say anything more.

After all, cultivation is the kid's own business. Three years later, no, maybe as long as this kind of lazy person is humiliated by others in the upcoming entry competition, he will naturally be expelled from the mountain gate.


"This location is also very good to watch the sunset."

After leisurely watering the orchids, Shen Yu sat on a rock wall at the top of the peak and looked at the sunset.

Shang Yingluo also imitated his appearance, sitting cross-legged, nodding her head in approval.

In the entire Green Bamboo Peak, Shen Yu was the most lazy person, and Shang Yingluo was the second.

It's just that she is a legendary junior junior sister of Taoist sect, and she has broken through to the sixth level of Qi training in a short period of time. Among all the new disciples, her cultivation base is the highest.

Nature has become an existence that everyone looks up to, even if they sleep deeply every day, they all take it for granted.

I don't know why, Shang Yingluo likes to get along with this handsome young man very much.

"Shen Yu, you owe me a very, very big favor."

The little girl turned her eyes to Shen Yu and said, "I cheated Master Mingjian for you, and you have to make it up to me."

"You have become the female disciple with the most amazing talent in Taoism." Shen Yu pretended to be exaggerated.

Shang Yingluo stared wide-eyed, a little anxious: "I can't be too showy, what if I'm found out?"

For a while, the little girl came to talk to him every few days, and the relationship between the two of them gradually became familiar, so Shen Yu talked a little more.

Shen Yu pondered for a while, and said: "You only have this kind of awareness now, and you should have left Daozong earlier."

The little girl refused to accept: "Hmph, my second uncle said that my transformation technique is difficult for even the three-level power to see."

Lu Chen glanced at her, and said lightly: "Your second uncle must have forgotten to mention, there are two places except for the monks of the three realms, one is the sword cultivator of Sword Immortal City, they are most sensitive to changes in the aura of heaven and earth, and there is one The place is here."

"The Daoist Daoists have a pure Dao heart and are able to get rid of all illusions."

Shang Yingluo blinked her eyes, she was a little scared after hearing this, and asked in a low voice, "Then what should I do?"

Shen Yu casually shot a stream of fresh air on the little girl's body.

The little girl's body turned cold for a while, and she asked puzzledly, "What did you do to me?"

Shen Yu said: "Except for the head of the Taoist sect, no one else should be able to see your identity."

"real?"

The little girl's eyes widened, her face full of incredulity, and after a long time, she said: "You are so powerful, why don't you see you practice?"

Shen Yu looked at the setting sun in the distance, and said casually: "I have been practicing, but you, if you don't work hard, you will not be able to catch up with me."

"it is good...."

Shang Yingluo didn't think this sentence was weird at all, she actually thought about it seriously for a while, nodded and said, "I will try to reduce the time to sleep as much as possible in the future."

The little girl was the only one who knew about those strange things about Shen Yu, and she had inexplicable trust in him, so she didn't sneer at Shen Yu's words like the others.

The two looked at the setting sun and neither spoke again.

late at night.

The boy opened his eyes and sighed softly.

Shen Yu didn't lie, he was actually practicing all the time.

Qi refining environment, condensing the aura of heaven and earth.

For him, it is basically something that comes at hand, because it has already been done once three thousand years ago.

Walking is practice, sleeping is practice, teasing those rabbits is also practice, since they are all practice, why stick to the formalities?

As for why it is still at the level of Qi refining, Shen Yu only discovered this problem not long ago.

Because the spiritual energy needed by the spiritual sea in his body was unexpectedly huge.

Ordinary disciples, their spiritual sea is a small stream at the beginning, and as the realm grows, the stream also begins to change into a river.

And Shen Yu's spiritual sea is directly like the sea, and all the spiritual power from the first to ninth layers of Qi Refining can barely be filled.

In his last life, his aptitude was actually not as good as his current body, and even worse. He never expected that after his rebirth, God would give him such a big surprise.

Shen Yu is very helpless now.

Daoist practice pays attention to step-by-step, and accumulates over time, so besides watering these flowers and plants every day, and collecting some spiritual herbs for those transparent rabbits... what else can he do?


got windy.

Then there was a low thunderclap in the sky, and the clouds were overcast, and it seemed that it was going to rain.

Shen Yu withdrew her thoughts and stood up, while Shang Yingluo next to her was still sitting cross-legged.

Shen Yu carefully looked at Shang Yingluo's white side face, it seemed a little familiar, and after a while, she finally confirmed one thing.

It's just that Shen Yu's face became a little weird.

A faint snoring came from the little girl's nose, and she fell asleep.

Tiny raindrops began to fall, and Shen Yu felt the coolness, sighed, picked up the little girl on her back, and started to descend the mountain.

The rain hits the bamboo forest.

Shen Yu murmured softly, but no one could hear her.

"In the past, there was a little demon who was smarter and more sensible than you, but her life was not as good as yours, because at that time she met me with a bad temper."

"But you are very lucky, because you met me now."

"I don't know which idiot misinterpreted my meaning at the beginning, saying, 'If you are not of my race, your heart must be different'. If it is now, I will send him to reincarnation with a thunderbolt."


		