

The Linghuang Continent advocates cultivation, and there are three thousand ways, each with its own merits.

Today, the most magnificent sects in the world are undoubtedly the three religions of Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism.

In terms of the largest number of people and the lowest threshold, that is the world's martial arts headed by Qingdi City and Datang Academy.

When it comes to the most desirable and extremely lethal, there is no doubt that it is the sword cultivator of the Sword Immortal City in the North of Zhongzhou.

But in Dongzu Prefecture, apart from the prosperity of Taoism, there is also a kind of practitioner who is the most dreaded.

Guiyun Xianzong is stronger than Broken Blade Mountain.

But there is a saying in the practice world that it is better to provoke the Taoist gods who return to Yunxianzong than to provoke the sword cultivators of Duanren Mountain, which naturally explains some problems.

Sword repairers use swords to enter Taoism, giving people the impression that they are domineering and powerful, and more importantly...they don't want to die.

Every powerful sword cultivator will disregard his own life and death when facing the enemy, and use the most powerful and fierce sword technique.

They don't know how to keep their hands, and they only have one purpose, which is to end the opponent's life.

Of course, no one wants to have a feud with these knife lunatics.

That woman in Broken Blade Mountain is a lunatic among lunatics.

In the practice world, even great practitioners from the Nine Great Sacred Grounds may not pay much attention to Broken Blade Mountain, but they still respect this true fairy woman who wields a knife.

There are many rumors about her, but one of them is the most convincing.

She went to the Southern Demon Realm, then went to the Northern Demon Realm, and came back alive.

This can already explain a lot of problems.

As for ordinary practitioners, they respect her even more like a god, and the word sword fairy comes from this.


Thousands of miles away from Dongzu Prefecture, there are mountains covered by smog, with clear springs flowing in the mountains, and countless purple bamboos.

Although it was already a hot summer, this vast bamboo forest was extremely cold, and the cold wind was like a knife, whistling.

At this moment, countless disciples were meditating inside. Occasionally, a breeze would blow up the surrounding clouds, revealing the broken blades, knives, guns, swords and halberds that were inserted upside down all over the mountains and plains, all in all kinds of splendor.

There is a simple courtyard on the edge of the cliff a hundred meters above the bamboo forest. It is peaceful all the year round. Occasionally, some disciples glance over, and there is an unconcealable admiration in their eyes.

It's just that following a shocking blow of the sword earlier, the sword's energy crossed the sea of ​​clouds, and countless disciples looked up with shock and bewilderment on their faces.

Elder Li Moran hadn't come out of the mountain for many years, why did he suddenly use his saber today, and where did the saber go?


Beside the bamboo forest.

A girl with delicate eyebrows and eyes stretched out her right hand to her forehead, looking on tiptoe, very playful.

The only incongruous thing was that behind him was a huge sword that was as tall as two of hers.

The sword disappeared from the air, and the girl turned her head to look at the courtyard again.

Sitting cross-legged under a giant bamboo in the courtyard was a tall figure whose back could only be vaguely distinguished as a woman.

The girl looked out slightly, and asked nervously, "Master?"

After so many years, except for a few well-known practitioners in the practice world, her master who has already entered the Tao has never made a single sword.

More importantly, she can clearly feel that the current master is not in a good mood, or even in a bad mood.

The girl can be sure that even if she lost the last fight, her master has never been so unhappy.

"Yunyu is dead."

A voice without the slightest emotion came from the courtyard.

The girl was startled and asked, "Who has such courage?"

The wooden door of the courtyard was slowly pushed open, and a tall woman finally came out.

The appearance of this woman sword fairy admired by the world is very ordinary, even a little ugly.

But what is surprising is that her temperament is very special, like a mountain and flowing water, so majestic that people can ignore her face, even her gender, and feel reverence and fear in her heart.

"I don't know, the realm is not high, and the method is a bit weird."

The tall woman looked at her and said expressionlessly.

"Master, sorry!"

The girl lowered her head slightly, but she didn't have much feeling in her heart, she didn't like that person in the first place.

It's just that after suppressing the shock in her heart, the innocent girl immediately felt a little pity in her heart.

Have pity on that bastard.

Different from the gossip circulating in the world, the girl knew that the master lent the Yunxia mirror to Yan Yunyu from another elder, of course it was not because Yan Yunyu was raised by her, because this kind of statement is simply a slip of the tongue. Big joke.

What is the truth?

It can only be because Yan Yunyu is her master, the biological son of what the world calls the Lady Sword Fairy.

This truth is very clichéd, but it is also very real. Even when she first learned about it, she was shocked and did not react.

"Yan Nantian is indeed a waste, I actually fell in love with him back then."

"The dual cultivation of humanity and sword seems to have some background."

"Forget it, let's cut off the worldly relationship and die together, what do you think?"

Li Moran asked.

Her questioning was casual, calm, even relentless.

Logically speaking, practitioners pay attention to being too forgetful, and the higher the state of mind, the less concerned about the world, especially for a great practitioner like Li Moran, which is nothing.

But the girl lowered her head, but did not dare to speak.

Because the master has never been a talkative person, maybe in the past few years, he has not talked as much as today.

The girl felt even more compassionate, and wanted to kill the master's own son. Isn't this courting death?


quite a while.

The female Sword Immortal looked at the sky and said, "He's not dead yet."

The girl was stunned for a moment, and before she could recover, her eyes widened, and a sleeve flicked across the corner of her eyes.

The girl looked up in confusion, and then saw her master wave her sleeves twice.

He's not dead yet.

So two sleeves are two knives.

"what!"

This time, the girl couldn't hide anymore and opened her mouth, exclaiming.

When the fairy from the upper three realms of the Yaochi Holy Land came, his master made three sabers.

However, with three swords, the winner is already decided.


thousands of miles away.

Air waves blow Buddha high into the sky.

There was only one wreck left on the high platform in the sky of Qianliu City, and countless trembling people hid in the corners and cried.

On the top of the round platform, Shen Yu inserted the wooden sword Jingqing upside down into the green brick.

Stand proudly.

The only difference is that Shen Yu's right hand resting on the hilt of the sword is trembling slightly at this moment, and a mouthful of blood overflows from the corner of his mouth at some point.

Previously in the sky, everyone's impression was only that the arc-shaped saber aura that came from thousands of miles collided with a majestic red light that came out of thin air.

After the aura exploded, countless people fell on their backs and were stunned to the ground.

Just didn't have time to react.

Two more thunderbolts fell, and the entire sky above Qianliu City was mostly covered in twilight.

Black clouds are overwhelming, and wind and thunder are approaching.

Shen Yu watched this scene silently, and raised the sword back into his hand.

He said lightly: "Come again."


		