

The atmosphere was suddenly quiet.

The people in Yunwu Peak were as if they had seen a ghost, their expressions were dull, and the disciples in Cuizhu Peak were even more confused.

"When will such a brazen guy appear in Daozong?"

With a frosty face, Li Hanyue spoke out what everyone was thinking.

"I remember that Daozong did not stipulate that weapons cannot be used in the entry competition."

Seeing that he was relatively calm after all, he didn't feel that things were too much, so he smiled and said: "Shen Yu's personality has always been like this, after I go back, I will definitely reprimand him, and I also ask my junior brother not to be as knowledgeable as him."

"Brother, this statement is wrong, this Shen..."

Li Hanyue suddenly remembered something, and asked, "Wait a minute, Shen Yu? That Shen Yu who has been practicing Qi training for more than a year?"

Seeing that he was in an extremely cheerful mood, it was the first time that he felt that the boy's name was not so depressing, so he nodded and said, "It's him."

Standing on the ring, Shen Yu watched Liang Shi being carried down by Yunwu Peak's disciples, and urged, "Hurry up, I'm in a hurry."

This attitude caused many disciples to curse again, this person is too shameless, can he still be so arrogant by beating the sap stick?

Soon, a little fat man was pushed onto the ring by Yunwu Peak disciples.

"Liu Yisheng."

The little fat man looked timidly at the black bamboo stick in the hand of that handsome young man, and swallowed his saliva vigorously.

"Seven layers of Qi training."

Shen Yu glanced at it casually, and was not too surprised.

The disciple named Liang Shi should be the top person on Yunwu Peak. If he randomly finds a stronger one, then among this generation of beginner disciples, I am afraid that it is really a bit too scary.

Shen Yu looked at the little fat man, and casually walked towards him with a bamboo stick.

Seeing this, Liu Yisheng sank down and took precautions carefully.

The fellow members of Yunwufeng in the audience said that this guy was very shameless, and he was lucky enough to knock Liang Shi unconscious by relying on despicable means. In a normal duel, he would never be his opponent.

But I always felt that something was wrong, because Senior Brother Liang Shi, who had already practiced the ninth level of Qi and was one step away from entering the Taoist realm, was so easily knocked unconscious by a bamboo stick, it was a bit too weird.

Liu Yisheng made up his mind that he would not give that guy a chance to play tricks.

Shen Yu walked slowly in front of Liu Yisheng and stopped, stretched out her finger again, and said, "Well, there is someone behind you."

"Again."

"Too shameless."

"Too cheap."

There was another burst of cursing from the audience.

"Do you think I'm stupid?"

Liu Yiyi stared at the bamboo stick firmly, and said solemnly, "I won't be fooled."

"Yes, you are very clever."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "But you forgot."

"Besides this sap, there is one more important thing, and that is not to get too close to me."

The shadow of the stick flashed.

Shen Yu picked up the bamboo stick and knocked it on the opponent's head.

His movements are light and natural, as simple as knocking some roadside weeds.

Under the arena, many disciples who were watching didn't feel anything strange about this blow, it was just plain.

However, in Liu Yisheng's eyes.

All of this is so weird.

Since that guy raised his hand and then knocked it down, he who had already cultivated seven layers of qi had no time to react at all, and the three-foot-long black bamboo stick fell on his head naturally.

boom.

Without any resistance, Liu Yisheng rolled his eyes, staggered a few steps backwards, and then fainted on the ring.

Shen Yu said lightly: "Next."

This time, there were no more noisy or cursing voices around.

Different from the sluggishness of those introductory disciples, Li Hanyue's face gradually became serious, and she said with some uncertainty: "The one just now was..."

Seeing that he was no longer as calm and calm as before, he nodded and said, "It's like an introductory martial art of Taoism."

The two looked at each other.

Obviously, I am a little uncertain: "The Taoist Introductory Manual records a simple martial art for body training."

Li Hanyue was a little disbelieving, and said, "You think he will read it?"

"When I'm bored, I should look through it..."

Speaking of this, Ming Jian gave a wry smile, shook his head and said, "Why would he go to see it?"

"Interesting, but whether he is hiding his clumsiness or showing off, he will know soon anyway. We can't control these things."

After Li Hanyue finished speaking, her eyes shifted slightly, and she looked at the majestic palace in the distance.

The elders and deacons who came from the Fourth Hall and the Seven Peaks to inspect the talents of these beginner disciples have not yet appeared.

why?

Naturally, it was because everyone was staying there at this time.


Shen Yu held the black bamboo stick upside down, and just looked down quietly like this, quite invincible.

But in the arena, the Yunwu Peak disciples looked a little fearful, the two senior brothers with the highest cultivation had already been beaten down by that man one after another, and no one wanted to be teased by others.

"Boring." A cold voice came from the crowd.

Everyone looked at it, and a handsome young man like gentle jade passed through the crowd, ignoring everyone, and stepped onto the ring step by step.

He is very proud, always with a handsome face held high, holding a folding fan in his right hand.

"My name is Ye Zhiqiu."

Shen Yu let out an oh, which was the answer.

The young Pianpian went on to say, "I'm very special."

Shen Yu said: "Oh."

Seeing him like this, Ye Zhiqiu was slightly annoyed, turned his right hand, and said in a deep voice, "Go."

The carved folding fan stood up from his hand and kept spinning.

"good."

Shen Yu nodded slightly, casually lifted the bamboo stick in his hand, and threw it towards the sky.

I saw the black stick shadow hitting the front straight like a black line.

The corner of Ye Zhiqiu's mouth showed a hint of playfulness, he turned his head slightly, and dodged the bamboo stick lightly.

"It's so boring."

Ye Zhiqiu pointed forward with his right hand, and said abruptly, "Sick."

The folding fan hanging in the air suddenly speeded up and rushed straight in front of Shen Yu like an arrow.

Perhaps the course of the previous two battles made Ye Zhiqiu a little cautious, even though he saw that Shen Yu no longer had a bamboo stick in his hand, he still maintained his vigilance.

No one knows if this person will take out another sap...


The folding fan struck and soon arrived in front of Shen Yu.

From the beginning to the end, Shen Yu didn't take a step back, but said indifferently: "Look behind you."

"Again..."

Ye Zhiqiu finally couldn't hold back the anger in his heart, and shouted loudly: "Break."

Boom.

In the arena, there was another muffled sound.

This is the third time.

The folding fan was one foot in front of Shen Yu's body, but it couldn't advance any more, and then fell to the ground weakly.

Puzzled, confused, and pained, Ye Zhiqiu's face was full of these complicated emotions.

Behind him, a black bamboo stick was hanging in the air, as if quietly looking at this handsome young man, Ye Zhiqiu even felt that it was laughing at himself.

"Why is this happening?"

Ye Zhiqiu finally couldn't hold on anymore and passed out.

Shen Yu pointed lightly, and the bamboo stick flew back into his hand.

After casually looking around, he said calmly, "There should be no next one."


In the side hall on the right side of Yanfa Hall, some people were overlooking the competition between the two peaks.

There are Taoists with immortal demeanor, ladies in palaces, and stern middle-aged monks. These people are the elders or deacons of the Four Palaces and Seven Peaks.

"My Taoist sect has the skill of controlling objects, but most of them control some spiritual objects. This kid uses an ordinary stick, which is a bit interesting."

The person who spoke was Xu Qingmei, the deacon of Duzhen Hall.

On the other side, Daochen Daochen, the elder of the Qing Law Hall, said in a deep voice: "You can use Qi to control things with just refining Qi. It's too frivolous to have such a talent but like to play with your classmates."

Xu Qingmei glanced at her, her beautiful eyes moved slightly, and said with a sneer: "This is a bit too much, everyone knows that you Qinglu Palace has long been interested in that kid Ye Zhiqiu, but there is no need to favor him so much."

Daochen said indifferently: "Could it be that Deacon Xu has taken a fancy to this kid? Didn't your Duzhen Palace always accept only female disciples? Did it change this year?"

Xu Qingmei was a little angry, snorted coldly, and said, "Does it mean that men and women are still separated in practice?"

"okay."

As the elder of Yanfa Temple, Zhou Yi, who is regarded as the landlord of this place, came out to smooth things over and said: "The talents of this generation of disciples are still good. I wonder if the next trip to Fenbaoya can be brought forward."

Zhou Yixian has a strong character. Although his beard and hair are white, his skin is as delicate as a baby's. Such a strange appearance shows his powerful cultivation.

The elders of the rest of the Qifeng didn't speak, they just kept looking at the disciples of the two peaks in the square.

The opening of Fenbaoya and other major events can only be decided by the Fourth Palace.

Dao Chen nodded slightly and said, "Yes."

Xu Qingmei said: "Yes."

After the three of them finished speaking, they all looked at another place.

A thin Taoist is meditating with his eyes closed.

The three of them can make suggestions, but the final decision still needs the nod of this temple.

Because, that hall is where the head is.

The Taoist opened his eyes and said, "Good."


Shen Yu stepped off the ring, paying no attention to the strange eyes around her.

Suddenly, he raised his head abruptly, looked at the black hall in the distance, and narrowed his eyes slightly.

In the moment before, there was a murderous intent rushing towards him, but it disappeared in a moment.

This killing intent was very subtle, but Shen Yu was born with a clear heart and was very sensitive to such changes in the world, so even if it was only a moment, he still sensed it.

He knew that there were some so-called big shots from the Fourth Palace and Seven Peaks, but why would these people have murderous intentions towards him?

It was because a few talented disciples were beaten by him, and that would be too cheap.

Or is there another reason?

Shen Yu looked up at the somewhat gloomy sky, and said, "It's really boring."


		