

Hu Bufeng kicked him hard, and shouted angrily: "Shut up, what are you yelling so loudly for?"

The confidant staggered and managed to stabilize his figure, but he was still excited and said in a trembling voice: "If this is true, how old was he nine years ago, is it possible?"

Hu Bufeng snorted coldly and said: "Practitioners cut off love and desire, and pursue the ruthless way of heaven. Parents and mothers are nothing, as long as they block their so-called way, they will still die. Moreover, that kid has been smart since he was a child, and he likes Taoism. It must be a monster."

The confidant said: "After all, this matter is hearsay and there is no evidence. The general is a bit arbitrary."

Hu Bufeng's face was gloomy and he didn't speak.

The great cultivator guarding Nanhe City back then was from Zhongzhou Academy. The reason for some speculation is that someone saw it with his own eyes that day, and the person who witnessed it has long since disappeared.

The matter involved the holy land of practitioners, and he, a small captain of the border town, didn't have the courage to speculate.

On the contrary, the confidant soldier was active and said in a low voice: "General, if this is true, but...but that person seems to be from the Taoist sect now."

Hu Bufeng frowned when he heard the words, and finally said: "Daozong... we can't afford to provoke someone, of course someone can. The Qingdi City disciple who came here to investigate the situation in the Yaoyu a few days ago just provoked him." People who started Taoism..."

The confidant nodded, then turned and left.

Hu Bufeng turned around and looked at the young corpse lying on the ground, and said with hatred: "Although you are a worthless thing, but after all, you come from my Hu family in Mobei. I will seek justice for you in this matter."


Li Chan looked at the respectful ant under the steps, with a trace of disgust on the corner of her mouth.

If it wasn't for the fact that this person was the school lieutenant of the border city of the Dali Dynasty, he would have been beaten to a pulp with one punch, and a mere military general who had just experienced the world would dare to kill someone secretly with a knife.

After Hu Bufeng told the story, he said cautiously: "Master, according to the future general's speculation, there are eight or nine percent of this is true, but that person is a Taoist disciple..."

Because there was a change in the Nanman Demon Realm on the other side of the river, the capital unexpectedly invited people from Qingdi City to investigate. Usually, these are matters under the jurisdiction of Daozong.

Facing this powerful young man named Li Chan, Hu Bufeng dared not show any disrespect.

Li Chan waved her hand and said, "Daozong, it's finally interesting..."

As the nine holy lands of Linghuang, Qingdi City and Daozong have been feuding since three thousand years ago, and the disciples of the two holy lands almost always live and die when they meet.

And a hundred years ago, the head of the Taoist sect and the city lord of the Qingdi City even made an agreement on the Dao, and now there are still more than ten years before this battle.

No one knows why Daozong and Qingdi City are in the same situation. According to the oldest Kunlun Holy Land, the first city lord of Qingdi City died three thousand years ago at the hands of the founder of Daozong.

Li Chan has a distinguished status in Qingdi City, so she naturally knows that these rumors are not true, because in the Qingdi City's City Lord's Mansion, there is a stone tablet with a few lines of words engraved on it.

"Fly up the road."

This is the ancestral motto passed down by the Qingdi City, following the Taoist sect and ascending. In the past three thousand years, several city lords have won the covenant with the Daozong and ascended.

Of course, more people died on the Dao Covenant.

The corner of Li Chan's mouth reveals a hint of amusement.

"A Taoist disciple, I have killed too many."


Late at night, in the Shen family compound.

The man in sackcloth didn't do anything, he just looked around curiously, and his gaze passed over the man by the fire from time to time.

Hu Bufeng told a lot of secrets about this place, the man asked curiously: "I heard that you killed everyone in the Shen family, is that right?"

Shen Yu didn't speak.

"Qingdi City, Li Chan."

The man didn't care about Shen Yu's reaction, raised his tone a bit, and said with a smile: "Those mortals, kill them as soon as they are killed, who cares, what I care about is that you are actually from the Taoist sect."

After Shen Yu let out an oh, she remained indifferent.

"Shen Yu, who entered the Taoist realm, defeated Lan Yingxing one after another in the performances of the four palaces of the Taoist sect three months ago. Chen Jianzhi and Fang Hen, who was the fifteenth on the Lingyun list, were newly recruited by the head of the Taoist sect. Entering the disciple."

Li Chan said lightly: "I'm right."

Shen Yu said: "Oh."

Li Chan put away her smile, and said solemnly: "Everyone knows that I look down on Daozong people very much. The ant in Nanhe City wanted to kill people with a knife, but I didn't care because it was a good reason. Let me kill you, do you think so?"

The light in the house faltered, and the flame on the brazier was nearly extinguished.

Shen Yu stood up and said lightly: "So, the relationship between Qingdi City and Daozong is not good?"

Li Chan sneered, and said: "Thanks to you coming from Dao Sect, your master and our city lord made an agreement on Dao a hundred years ago. It's about Dao. Will our two sects still have a good relationship?"

Shen Yu looked at him and said: "The covenant of the Great Dao is not the same as the question I asked. If it was the senior brother from Qingdi City, maybe his answer would be different from yours. It seems that you are not the one who admired Lingwei. direct disciple."

Li Chan's face was extremely gloomy.

Because what he said was right, even though he was the pure blood of the ancient ancestors of Qingdi City, and his talent was outstanding, but in the eyes of the city lord, he was always only his brother who was simple and honest since he was a child, and was short in stature.

He is not jealous of his elder brother, but he always feels aggrieved in his heart.

Now, this person actually spoke out about his pain points openly, and ignored him so much.

Li Chan was very angry.

Boom!

Li Chan's knees bent slightly, and the person rushed out like an arrow off the string in an instant, and then swung a hard fist straight out.

The wind of the fist brought up the surrounding dust, and also blew the young man's green shirt.

Shen Yu didn't move, but just stood there quietly, and then concentrated all her strength to punch.

boom!

The two fists collided, and an invisible ripple spread out from the two fists, blowing countless pieces of broken furniture.

In an instant, Shen Yu flew upside down and hit the wall on the west side of the lobby, and then countless bricks fell, raising dust all over the sky.

Li Chan didn't stop, and shot to the gap again. This time, he threw out both fists, and the air was instantly filled with the shadow of his fist. It shook violently.

Li Chan was very fierce, like a berserk ancient beast.

Suddenly, he stopped his fist and sneered, "It's pretty good for running."

Shen Yu held the red wooden sword and came behind him at some point.

There was a faint bloody red light on the sword body.

"When did Daozong start to learn those bullshit sword cultivators in Sword Immortal City? Don't you all claim to have all the laws of the world?"

Li Chan said with some disdain, and then she didn't stop with her right fist, and punched Shen Yu again.

Shen Yu strikes a sword.

The tip of the sword was facing the fist, and the blade of unknown wood suddenly bent into a huge arc. Shen Yu frowned slightly and took another step back.

Li Chan was unstoppable, he threw out both left and right fists in unison, extremely domineering.

The entire lobby is filled with shadows of fists and swords flying alternately.

A sword shadow split the red sandalwood pillar, and a fist shadow blasted through the solid wall.

The furniture covered with dust and cobwebs was already in a mess.

After the two collided fiercely several times, Li Chan stopped with her fists closed.

"That's right, a Daoist can fight for so long, Daozong is not bad."

Li Chan smiled evilly and said, "However, it's only been so long."

Afterwards, countless spiritual powers frantically poured into the lobby from all directions, and then all of them gathered on his right fist, surrounded by a looming golden air current.

"Break the sky!"

Li Chan shouted loudly, her right fist radiated so brightly that it was like a shooting star.

The speed of this punch was definitely faster than Fei Jian's.

There was no way for Shen Yu to avoid it, with a horizontal sword in front of him.

Li Chan's punch hit the wooden sword, and then hit Shen Yu's chest. The latter flew upside down, broke a fence, and fell heavily on the snow.

Li Chan walked out of the lobby and said regretfully: "It's a pity, I have entered the fourth realm of warriors, the Kaifu realm, which is what you practitioners call the real cave realm, how can you resist me?"

the snow hasn't stopped,

But the figure in the snow moved slightly.

The air seemed to have become much quieter, even the sound of snow falling could be faintly heard, and the snow that filled the sky seemed to have stopped falling.

"It's not a pity."

Shen Yu got up slowly, seemingly unharmed, patted the dust on his body casually, and said lightly: "The Taoist realm is not enough, let's go to the Jindan realm."

Looking at this scene, Li Chan said with a sneer, "Oh, it's actually broken."


		