

dawn.

The grand ceremony of Returning to Yunxianzong just kicked off.

Numerous disciples and elders of the sect gathered in a huge square, so the rest of the place looked very deserted, only a few scattered disciples were patrolling.

Shen Yu strolled in the courtyard, walking casually on the spacious avenue of Guiyun Xianzong.

The hunting order issued by Guiyun Xianzong in Dongzu Prefecture seems to have become a big joke at this moment.

It was the winter solstice, and the fine snowflakes were falling.

A woman in a green shirt waited quietly on the path, her eyes were clear, she didn't show any emotion, she seemed to be born with a sense of arrogance.

The two finally walked side by side.

Before they reached an agreement last night, Shen Yu made a request.

It is to let the other party take him to the location of the mountain guardian beast of Guiyun Xianzong, which is another purpose of Shen Yu's coming here.

The Xianzong disciple who was in charge of inspection saw a man of unknown origin, although he was vigilant, but when he found the woman in green shirt next to him, he immediately put away his scrutiny.

Yun Qing looked ahead and said: "My mountain guardian beast who belongs to Yunxianzong said that he is quiet by nature. Although I don't know what you are going to do, it is likely that you will not get what you want."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "It's okay."

Guiyun Xianzong's sect is vast, and during the period, it has gone through countless formations and restrictions. Fortunately, Yunqing was leading the way ahead, so many unnecessary incidents were avoided.

When they finally arrived at an attic that had been around for a long time, a very casual look swept across Shen Yu's body and stopped for a while.

Shen Yu looked up and saw a middle-aged man in a blue gown with gray temples and a peaceful face.

Yun Qing, with one eye above the top and an indifferent expression, bowed respectfully to that person for the first time.

The middle-aged man stood on a balcony above the attic, with a smile in his eyes, and nodded slightly.

Yun Qing said, "I'll wait for you here."

Shen Yu glanced at the man in the attic.

The latter said with a smile: "Sure enough, there is no human breath."

Shen Yu thought for a while, nodded slightly, and then continued to walk forward.

The road in the distance gradually became narrower, with steep cliffs on both sides, like a winding path leading to a secluded place. Shen Yu walked for a long time, and when he turned a corner, his vision suddenly opened up.

There is a flat land ahead, and on the flat land that can't be seen at a glance, there is a stone Buddha sitting cross-legged standing there.

The stone Buddha has a pitiful face, his legs are standing on the ground, but his head is already above the sky, as if there is only one person in the world, standing upright.

Shen Yu's expression was calm, and his eyes slowly moved up, and his eyes were placed between the clasped hands of the stone Buddha.

Sitting there was a little furry thing, neither tall nor burly, and even the whole body looked like a black spot in the stone Buddha's hand from a distance.

It's a monkey.

There is also a string of Buddhist beads hanging around its neck. It imitates the posture of the stone Buddha and sits cross-legged, with hands folded and a solemn face.

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows slightly, it was already very interesting that such a great sect of Taoism had a mountain guardian beast who believed in Buddhism. But that's not what he cares about.

What's more, the vitality in this monkey's body is exuberant, like rivers and seas, without any thirst, without any signs of aging at all, it doesn't look like a creature from three thousand years ago.

Just as Shen Yu was looking at it, the figure of the little monkey disappeared above the pair of big hands.

next moment.

Shen Yu lowered his head slightly, and the mountain-protecting animal belonging to Yunxianzong had already appeared on his body.

There was a hint of doubt in its pupils, but also a hint of curiosity.


Yun Qing waited until Shen Yu's figure disappeared behind, then walked into the spacious attic next to her.

The room is filled with a smell of books, which is different from the spiritual power in the sect. There are rows of neat bookshelves in the attic. The ancient books are old but spotless.

The woman didn't look sideways, and went up to the top of the attic with ease. The middle-aged man was still standing with his hands behind his back, looking at the mountains and rivers in the distance. A puff of tea smoke rose from the table beside him, and the scattered chess pieces were arranged in an orderly manner. into the chessboard.

Yun Qing said softly, "Uncle Jiang."

The man turned his head, the breeze came slowly, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, with a unique taste that could make mature women in the world intoxicated.

He smiled and said, "He is the one you chose? I seem to have seen it before."

Yun Qing was extremely respectful, nodded and said: "The person on the killing order is him, and his name is Shen Yu."

The man slightly raised his eyelids, a little surprised, and asked, "Is that Shen Yu from Daozong?"

The woman in the green shirt said, "Yes."

"It seems that Guiyun Xianzong is finally going to suffer some hardships this time."

The man in the Confucian shirt sighed, and suddenly moved slightly, and an invisible ripple enveloped the entire attic.

From the inside of the building, the outside can be seen at a glance.

From the outside of the building, there is no life inside.

In less than a few breaths, an illusory faint black shadow flashed past their eyes, and it was already hundreds of meters away in the blink of an eye.

Seeing this scene, the middle-aged man was silent for a while, and said, "This time, are you serious?"

Yun Qing said calmly: "From the beginning of my practice, the only goal is not to be manipulated by anyone in this life. If this time even the direct disciple of the head of the Taoist sect can't help..."

For the first time, the woman's eyes showed a trace of confusion, and after a while, the smoke disappeared, and she said firmly: "Then the fish will die."

The middle-aged man asked softly: "It's a little too fast."

"Uncle, do you know why I am still standing here today?"

Yun Qing looked into the distance, and said with a sneer, "This time is different from the previous coercion and temptation. The master had a complete showdown with me a few days ago, asking me to be his dual-repair furnace, otherwise I will not be able to go to the academy this time."

The corner of the green shirt woman's mouth was slightly raised, and she couldn't express her contempt and ridicule, "I'm not surprised by this, because I saw clearly what kind of person he was very early on, so I pretended to promise him that I would fulfill it this time." Promise, and then went to the head teacher, uncle, do you know the result?"

The woman clenched her fists tightly and said coldly: "It turns out they are all the same thing. Ximenguan coveted my body, and that old man was even more vicious. He even wanted to take away my luck, asked me if I was a virgin, and even asked me if I was a virgin. For this reason, I have to be adopted as an adopted daughter, hehe, how do these pious people have the face to be the leader of a big sect, all I know now is that if I don't resist, I will never have another chance."

Yun Qing has been regarded by everyone since she was a child as a cultivation genius who is expected to live forever, and as a disciple of the world's first-class sect who belongs to the Yunxian Sect. It seems to most people that it must be smooth sailing, but along the way, who would know? The years of intrigue, and the dirty twists and turns mixed in with it.

The teacher I respected the most when I was a child, and the real head teacher in my heart, has always coveted my body, how sad it is.

With pity in his eyes, the man with gray temples said slowly, "You have had a lot of ups and downs in your fate in the past twenty years, but as long as you get through it, you will naturally have noble people to help you, and you will be freed."

Yun Qing sighed, lowered her eyes, and smiled bitterly.

If other people said such things, Yun Qing might beat him seriously when he was in a good mood, but if he was in a bad mood, he would definitely destroy his dantian on the spot and make him a useless person.

It's just that the person in front of her is different, or in other words, she, Yun Qing, is only willing to trust this person and has sincere admiration for the entire Guiyun Immortal Sect.

The middle-aged man asked suddenly: "You want Shen Yu to deal with Ximenguan? What if you lose?"

Yun Qing nodded and said: "This is an agreement with Shen Yu. If he dies, no one will know the whole story, because it was the Ximen Temple that he himself sent the letter to. He loved Yang Yiqing the most in his life, so he must I will come here to avenge my disciple."

The middle-aged man did not speak.

Yun Qing suddenly felt a little restless, and said, "Uncle Shi, am I... a bit cold-blooded."

"No, actually you've done enough."

The man with a special identity in Guiyun Xianzong smiled and continued: "I am a bit pedantic as a scholar, so I have some changes in my mood. You don't have to worry about it. The ancients said it well. Things in the world are like people drinking water. You know whether you are warm or not. , outsiders may only be able to see the surface, but they will never be able to empathize, so you are much better than me."

Yun Qing hurriedly bent down to salute, and said seriously: "Don't dare."

Yun Qing said these two words very convincingly.

Practitioners of Confucianism, especially the disciples of the academy, never judge anything by the level of the realm, but use the heart as a mirror and the heart as a witness, so the division of realms about practice is far less than that of Taoism and sword cultivation. And as complicated as a warrior.

Above the upper three realms is the sage realm of Confucianism. This realm has almost only completed the achievements of the three pillars of Confucianism, and it is only one step away from becoming a saint.

But a long time ago in Guiyun Xianzong, there was an unknown scholar who studied hard for decades and accumulated a lot of money. He actually broke through several realms in nine days, stepped into the realm of sages, and became one of the most powerful practitioners in the world. .

At that time, the whole mountain was covered with dark clouds, thunder and lightning, and only a scholar in Confucian shirt read aloud Confucian classics on the top of the peak.

Word by word, unhurried, unspeakable freehand style.

And this person has a very poetic name, Jiang Zhouyao.

That is, the man in front of her.


Somewhere away from the attic.

Shen Yu turned his head and looked back, a majestic old man appeared behind him out of thin air.

Ximen Guanhan said in a cold voice, "You are the one who abolished my apprentice?"


		