

Shen Yu really came here.

Above the stands, everyone in Sidian and Qifeng looked at the young man.

The eyes of many people who saw Shen Yu for the first time were full of curiosity, while the eyes of many more people were full of expectation.

It has been more than a year, what state is that handsome young man who came to Yuansheng Temple from Cuizhufeng now, will it be unexpected again.

Because Shang Yingluo and Ye Zhiqiu are the most talented disciples in this generation, with heavenly Taoism, extremely high comprehension, and far surpassing others in realm improvement. Compared with them, Shen Yu is still a bit inferior.

But many people didn't think so. They carefully thought about Shen Yu's experiences over the years, and found that, unconsciously, this young man was already stronger than those two.

In Yan Fa Temple, in the small competition between two peak disciples, Shen Yu easily defeated Ye Zhiqiu, who was at the peak of the ninth level of Qi Refining.

At Fenbaoya, he got an inheritance of a congenital spiritual treasure the first time he climbed to the summit. In the thousands of years of Taoism, there are only a handful of people like this.

Most importantly, he is the second disciple that the head has accepted over the years.

Clinging to this identity makes people dare not take it lightly.

Yu Wenwen looked at the handsome young man on the stone platform, and said, "I haven't seen you for a few years, but something has changed."

Xu Qingmei said with a smile: "The taller you are, the better-looking you are."

In the center of the stone platform.

Fu Yi looked at the young man with a calm expression in front of him, panicking for no reason, then he collected himself and asked, "Are you Shen Yu?"

Shen Yu didn't answer, but just patted the blue luan bird, and after it flew into the sky, it looked around.

This look of disdain immediately annoyed Fu Yi, his face changed slightly, and he said coldly: "Please enlighten me."

As the voice fell, the fairy sword behind Fu Yi appeared between the two of them in an instant. The sword was slender and covered with a layer of faint blue light, and majestic spiritual power gushed out from the hilt.

Although Fu Yi is trying his best to control the fairy sword, it feels as if the fairy sword is guiding him.

Someone recognized the origin of this fairy sword and spirit treasure at a glance, and cursed shamelessly in his mouth.

On the stand of Yanfa Palace, Mingjian snorted coldly: "Shameless."

Xu Qingmei also shook her head, and said helplessly: "The older generation shamelessly intervenes in the fight between the younger generation, it's really not afraid of shame."

Yu Wenwen asked, "Why?"

Xu Qingmei said: "Zizai Sword, Zhang Zhi's natal treasure."

Yu Wenwen nodded and remained silent.

This is a natal fairy sword that has accompanied Zhang Zhi for countless years. It has killed countless monsters and alien races, and it is far beyond the ordinary innate spirit treasure.

In this four hall performance, he handed over the Lingbao to his disciples for an obvious purpose.

And some people sighed inwardly. Those people had calculated from the beginning that Shen Yu would definitely come to participate in the performance of the Four Halls. For the sake of face, they made preparations in advance.

The mind is too complicated.

On the side of the Qing Law Hall, Chen Jianzhi walked slowly to Lan Yingxing, and said displeasedly: "I said, this is my own business, why do you have to intervene?"

Lan Yingxing helplessly pointed to the stalwart figure in the front.

Chen Jianzhi's expression was complicated, and finally he didn't speak any more.


Fu Yi was very proud, the strong power on the sword made him feel invincible.

Fu Yi was very excited when he thought that he would have the opportunity to defeat the door-to-door disciple in the Four Halls of Performing Arts in the next moment.

Even if this power does not belong to him, as long as he can win, no one will care.

Fu Yi yelled, held the sword in both hands, and swung it suddenly, a violent storm of spiritual energy rose from the ground.

The fierce sword energy even cut several deep grooves on the hard slate-covered stone platform.

Shen Yu got up casually, and dodged when countless sandstones were about to hit her.

As soon as he landed, Fu Yi had already come in front of him. Using his sword as a knife, he slashed at Shen Yu fiercely.

Shen Yu dodged sideways again.

The young disciples above the stands stared at the two of them intently, each of them was shocked by the fact that the fairy sword in Fu Yi's hand was too sharp.

These moves are even more domineering, with every blow flying sand and rocks. No one would have imagined that a disciple of Zuowang Peak would rely on such a magic weapon, making Shen Yu, who was under the head of Yuansheng Temple, helpless to fight back. .

But those who can understand are not among the young disciples.

Four halls. The elders of Qifeng's superb cultivation all looked dignified, looking at Shen Yu's elegant figure and praising Shen Yu repeatedly.

The boy seemed powerless to fight back, but in fact he didn't make a move.

Fu Yi used all his strength to unleash the power of the Zizai sword, but Shen Yu could dodge it by simply turning sideways or stepping calmly.

What is even more surprising is that Shen Yu has been standing in that position for a long time.

Boy, it's time to make a move.

The blue light on Zizai Jianjian became more and more intense, almost a blue color, accompanied by Fu Yi's heavy breathing.

"What's going on? How could it not hit you."

Fu Yi's eyes were bright red, and with a loud roar, he used all his strength to stab at Shen Yu.

This time, Shen Yu didn't dodge, but just stood there quietly.

Fu Yi was ecstatic in his heart, and the next moment, his face froze.

The celestial sword in his hand could no longer advance half a point.

Shen Yu put his left hand behind his back, stretched out two fingers with his right hand, and then easily clamped the Zizai sword.

"First, I am your senior brother."

With a light wave of Shen Yu's left palm, Fu Yi flew four or five feet away in an instant, and fell to the ground screaming in pain.

"Second, you are very weak, you are the weakest opponent I have ever met in my life, so you are not worthy to be my junior."

Another random palm.

Fu Yi was shot seven or eight feet away again, and hit the cliff of the stone platform fiercely, and then slowly fell to the ground.

On the stone platform, only Fu Yi's wailing was left.

Everyone watched this scene in silence.

Finally, Fu Yi collapsed on the ground like a dead dog.

Shen Yu turned around, raised the long sword at her fingertips, looked towards a certain stand, and asked, "Your sword?"

Zhang Zhi, the head of Zuowang Peak, had a gloomy face and remained silent.

He couldn't admit it. Even if everyone knew about this kind of thing, he couldn't admit it in front of everyone. Even the leader of Zuowang Peak couldn't afford to provoke the Taoist sect's rules.

"So it wasn't yours."

Shen Yu smiled and held the blade of the sword with one hand.

Afterwards, blood dripped from the azure blue sword tip.

Countless people looked at this scene with some doubts.

Zhang Zhi's face changed drastically, and he shouted, "No."

"Stop." A deep voice came from the highest stand.

Shen Yu ignored it.

boom!

The Zizai sword shattered suddenly, and countless auras escaped from the sword body.

Zhang Zhi spat out a stream of blood, then covered his chest and retreated.


No one spoke.

From the beginning to the end, everyone felt incomparably shocked, and a chill of fear emanated from the bottom of their hearts.

The handsome young man in the middle of the stone platform had a peaceful face, but he didn't expect to be so decisive and ruthless.

Shen Yu stood with his hands behind his back, his right hand was covered with blood due to the violent burst of the Zizai sword, and even bones could be seen in several places, but the young man still looked indifferent and didn't care.

He told Yang Liu back then that whoever hit her would hit her back.

The boy looked up at Lan Yingxing and said, "It's your turn."


		