

Spiritual energy came from all directions, spinning in the sky, and gradually became silent again, like a restrained divine flower, all submerged in Shen Yu's body.

The whole process is very short, as if it is only a moment.

Seeing this scene, there were countless exclamations and praises from the Taoist disciples around.

If the Fusion Realm is a watershed for Taoist monks to fight, then the Cave Realm, known as the Immortal Realm, is the realm that can greatly increase the lifespan.

And the difficulty of breaking a realm like this, which can be said to be against the sky, is not inferior to other realms.

When ordinary practitioners break through the realm, they must cooperate with some panacea, find a quiet cave to concentrate on cultivation, and then try to break through, otherwise, if they are not careful, they will not only fail to break through the realm, but also seriously hurt their own vitality.

No matter how talented he is, he will not be as casual as Senior Brother Shen.

But he seems to break through after a few words?

Many people showed sincere admiration when they thought of this.

Shen Yu's whole body seemed to be shrouded in a layer of brilliance, and her already handsome face looked even more dusty, with fluttering clothes, like a fairy.

After half an hour.

Shen Yu opened her eyes and let out a breath, feeling light all over her body.

His dantian spiritual sea is several times that of ordinary people, so it is not very difficult to transform the spiritual power in his dantian into majestic vitality.

"People in the world often say that those who have not reached the three realms are all ants."

Jiang Zhouyao said: "Even if you break the realm, your current realm is still too low."

"There is no difference between being unbeatable and having a big gap for many people."

Shen Yu said lightly: "But to me, there are two concepts."

Jiang Zhouyao understood what Shen Yu meant, then shook his head and smiled wryly, feeling deeply moved.

To say that the most proud person on the Lingyun list is Kunlun Wanjianyi.

But when he met Shen Yu, it seemed that he should really be the number one.


Guiyun Xianzong was turned into ruins, and the disciples who were of good status on weekdays were turned into ordinary servants. The crowd came and went, carrying some broken items, and from time to time, one could see a disciple using Taoism from afar. Come one after another precious rocks.

Shen Yu is very leisurely these days. He doesn't live with the Taoist disciples every day, but stays by the big lake of Guiyun Xianzong.

Then he started fishing again, sitting lazily aside with a tattered bamboo pole.

This lazy look was in stark contrast to the busy disciples nearby, but this time, no one dared to trouble him again.

In a dilapidated water pavilion far away from the lake.

"It's really hard to figure him out."

Yun Qing looked at the blue-clothed figure, frowned and said, "What makes him so unscrupulous."

Yuan Zai sat on a stone bench beside him and said, "Senior brother Shen Yu has always been like this in Taoism, but it has always been unexpected."

Yun Qing twitched the corner of her mouth and said, "Li Yi is not one of your Daoist sects who hate each other. I just hope that no matter what happens at that time, I will not be involved in returning to Yunxianzong."

Yuan Zai was expressionless, and said lightly: "My Taoist sect has always relied on myself, and I don't even bother to rely on outsiders. You don't have to worry about it."

The two confront each other.

Yuan bearing is naturally to protect Daozong's face.

As for Yun Qing, she already had a grudge against Shen Yu because of the dismissal of her younger brother Yang Yiqing. In addition, after Shen Yu's arrival, Jiang Zhouyao had been reduced to the current situation where time was running out, and this grudge became even deeper.

Although Shen Yu helped her a lot in a certain sense, she still felt displeased.

There are people in the world who hate seeing each other when they meet, and naturally there are also people who hate each other when they meet.

The former is a good fate, and the latter is probably a bad fate.

A slight cough came from behind.

Yun Qing quickly turned her head and said worriedly: "Master Jiang, it's cold outside, shall we go back?"

The middle-aged Confucian scholar with a gentle face shook his head and said with a smile, "I've been keeping it in the attic all my life, but now I want to go outside to have a look."

Jiang Zhouyao seemed to be enjoying the conversation, and continued, "Do you know the origin of the name Linghuang Wuzhou?"

Yuan bearing the first to shake his head: "Pursue the Tao wholeheartedly, but don't know about foreign affairs, sir, please clarify."

Yun Qing thought for a while and said, "The Dongzu Prefecture is the smallest of the five continents, shaped like a gourd. It is rumored that it is the origin of our Spirit Desolate Human Race. As for the other surrounding areas, I don't know."

"East Ancestral State, Central State, and Western He State represent three great cultivators in ancient times, Zhongzhou Taoist Ancestor, Eastern Confucian Sage, and Western Buddha. As for the other two states in the north and south, there are still demons occupying them."

Jiang Zhouyao stretched out three fingers and said with a smile: "These three people represent the foundation of Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism for thousands of years, and they are also the top avenues in the practice world today."

Yuan Zai frowned and said: "But now Dongzu Prefecture is revered by Taoism, and Zhongzhou also has my Taoist sect preaching, but it is still respected by the academy of the Tang Dynasty, but Confucianism is prevalent in the world."

Yun Qing looked indifferent, these things were still too far away for her.

His current thought is to take good care of the man beside him, and then to be baptized by the saint when the third floor of the academy opens.

Jiang Zhouyao pondered for a while, and said: "I don't know the details. The twists and turns of the three religions have long been thrown into the long river of history for thousands of years. The person who really wants to know the truth may only be from three thousand years ago. You can only ask it out of the population."

When Yuan Zai heard this, he fell silent.

In three thousand years, who can resist time except for the true immortal who ascended above the fairyland.

Yuan Zai didn't think about this question any more, raised his head, and said with a heartfelt admiration: "The patriarch of the Three Religions enlightens the common people and educates the people. What kind of cultivation and immeasurable good fortune are needed for this."

Yun Qing said: "So there are only three people now?"

"wrong."

Jiang Zhouyao's voice then remembered.

"There should be one more person."

"He still has the three religions."

Yuan Zai asked in surprise, "Who?"

Yun Qing also aroused interest and turned her head to look.

Jiang Zhouyao Shuozi tapped the table lightly, as if recalling, and said: "Three thousand years ago, many things disappeared in that era, but the only thing that can be known is the important year of the brilliant heroes."

"At that time, the three races of humans, monsters and demons were at the top of each other, and the human race was inferior in status due to innate reasons. At a certain period of time, the monster race even wanted to capture my human race's ancestral state, so a peerless war that shocked the spirit of the world was inevitable. , Countless souls fell in that battle, and the entire Spirit Desolation Continent was battered and riddled with holes."

"Later, the Yaozu knew that even if they won the war, the entire spirit barren would be destroyed, so they made a three-hundred-year agreement with us, and every hundred years, the most powerful of the two tribes would be selected Five cultivators are fighting at the pinnacle, a hundred years of reincarnation, two wins in three rounds."

"In the end, the human race struggled to survive until the third hundred years, and each side had a victory, and the battle in the last hundred years represented the outcome of the bet. However, the human race fell into despair in this battle, because the monster race came out A demon emperor with the most talent in history, that person came to Shengxiantai, the ancestral state of our human race, with an invincible attitude, and killed four peak powerhouses of our human race one after another."

Jiang Zhouyao spoke softly, but the information contained in the words made the two people present couldn't help but tighten their hearts.

"There is one last person." Yuan Zai couldn't help but said.

Jiang Zhou raised his head, looked into the distance, and said softly: "Later...the fifth strong man of the human race did not make a move."

Yun Qing was puzzled and asked: "Why? Is he afraid of death?"

"Of course not, how can my strong human race be so unbearable!"

Jiang Zhouyao said seriously: "Because it's over before he has time to make a move."

"Because a sword appeared in the sky."

"That sword appeared on the Shengxiantai in Zhongzhou."

"That sword, the sword energy crosses the five continents, reverses yin and yang."

The middle-aged Confucian scholar who had been looking weak suddenly laughed heartily and said, "That's right, because someone struck out from thousands of miles away, and that sword directly beat the young demon emperor, who is known as the first emperor of the ages, into ashes on the spot, his soul All destroyed! And that person... is a sword cultivator."

Yuan bearing clenched his fists suddenly, feeling his heart surge, as if he had returned to that distant era and witnessed the peerless grace of that sword.

Yun Qing also opened her mouth wide, dazzled.

"Then, that person went to the demon clan alone, and finally all the demon clan troops that invaded the ancestral state retreated back to the demon realm."

Jiang Zhouyao sighed and said: "No one knows who she is, only that she is often dressed in white and is a woman. It is said that the Sword Immortal City later was a great cultivator who abandoned Dao and practiced sword after seeing that sword. legacy."

"Later, that female Sword Immortal broke through the Immortal Realm and became the first Sword Immortal in the Spiritual Desolation."

Yuan Zai said in a deep voice: "I have heard the name of the sword fairy in white since I was a child. I only know that the line of sword cultivators prospered because of her. I didn't expect such an act of saving the world. She is really a role model for my generation."

Jiang Zhou said with a smile: "These things were said by an old man whose name I don't know. I don't know if it's true or not, but he also said that if you want to find a practitioner like that, you must first have a world-renowned practitioner." The state of mind of the enemy."

Yuan Zai sighed: "It's just easy to say, but who has such a heart?"

Yun Qing subconsciously glanced at the figure in the distance, sneered, and said with a slight sarcasm: "Isn't there one here?"


The breeze is blowing by the lake.

Shen Yu, who was lying on the grass, opened her eyes in a daze, and looked at the water pavilion in the distance.

Then he turned over, covered his head with the bamboo hat again, and continued to sleep.


		