

Motianya shook violently for a while, and then dust and smoke rose everywhere, and everyone couldn't see clearly what was going on in the field.

"What happened just now? Is that aura soaring to the sky the aura of a great cultivator at the Immortal Ascension Boundary?"

"I didn't see the flowers. Fang Hen and Chen Jianzhi went out to save people together, and then Shen Yu didn't flinch when facing the two strong men."

"Who won? Who lost?"

All the disciples widened their eyes, wanting to see clearly the situation in the center of the field, and some even expressed doubts in their hearts.

The elders of the fourth hall looked nervous and a little uneasy.

They saw that the Lord of the Qinglu Palace sitting on the cloud finally rushed in.

The Yanfa Palace Zhou also appeared in the sky in an instant, and then with a wave of his sleeves, after gusts of breeze, the smoke and dust in the venue scattered.

Finally, I was able to see the situation on the field.

Lan Yingxing was the first to appear in everyone's sight, and he was lying on the edge of the stone platform at this time. The strong spiritual energy collision caused him to be blown away immediately, and he was not fatally injured.

Chen Jianzhi clutched his chest and leaned against the wall of the stone platform, with blood overflowing from his mouth, his expression was sluggish, and he might pass out at any time.

But Fang Hen was much more miserable than the two of them. He was lying on the ground, covered in blood, and had already passed out. There was only a bloody broken blade floating beside him, tightly protecting his heart.

"Where's Shen Yu? Where did he go?"

There was still one person who hadn't seen it, and a disciple asked.

Countless people looked at the center of the field again.

As the last cloud of smoke dissipated, two figures slowly appeared in front of everyone.

Xun Ju stood proudly with his hands behind his back, his expression calm and devoid of any emotions.

Shen Yu was a little embarrassed, her face was pale, her arms were twisted, and blood was flowing from her elbows.

Even so, the boy's back was still so straight, and his expression was still so indifferent.

But the three most outstanding disciples of the Qing Law Hall were all lying on the ground.

Looking at this scene, the eyes of everyone became complicated, fear, surprise, anger, shock, admiration, envy...

A young disciple who had entered the Taoist realm defeated the three most outstanding disciples in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty and even the Daozong.

This kind of thing is really incredible.

What is even more incredible is the aura of Shen Yu's last sword.

That is the aura that only the peak of the Immortal Ascension Boundary can have.

Shen Yu simply condensed the aura in one place, and easily used the attack beyond his own realm.

Many people want this method, but no one dares to try it.

Because, after trying, it is possible to die.

But Shen Yu tried and succeeded again, what kind of person is this.


"Are you going to kill your fellow disciple?"

Real Daochen Daochen of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty was very angry. He came straight to the venue, pointed at Shen Yu and said, "You know this is a violation of the sect rules. Where are the disciples of the Law Enforcement Pavilion? Take this person down."

Shen Yu asked indifferently: "Who did I kill?"

Dao Chen snorted coldly, and said, "Your method is so vicious, if it wasn't for Fang Hen and Chen Jianzhi, you would have killed Lan Yingxing already."

Shen Yu said lightly: "The two of them broke into the competition venue without authorization, so what?"

Daofan said angrily: "They are eager to save people, that's why they do this."

Shen Yu was silent for a moment, and said, "That man, is he dead?"

"You...presumptuous..."

Dao Chen was so angry that he could hardly speak, his whole body trembling uncontrollably.

But Xun Ju didn't speak from the beginning to the end.

Although he rescued Fang Hen and Chen Jianzhi in time, the two disciples were still seriously injured, and a disciple who entered the Taoist realm dared to provoke continuously.

I haven't met such a person for many years.

Xun Ju frowned slightly, then looked at Shen Yu.

Shen Yu also felt his gaze, turned around and looked back indifferently.

The atmosphere in the venue became dignified again.

The disciples around the stands kept silent and did not dare to speak.

As the breeze blew, a thin figure appeared in front of Shen Yu.

Xun Ju said, "What do you think?"

Daofan Daoist said indifferently: "Everyone goes back to their respective homes."

Everyone was dumbfounded. Dao Fan's words meant that no one should be held accountable. Strictly speaking, he still favored Shen Yu.

Some disciples of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty were even more perturbed, but no one dared to speak out.

Because Daofan Daoist represents Yuan Shengdian and is the head of the sect.

"You value him very much."

Xun Ju was silent and would continue, "But he does have the potential for you to value."

Dao Fan said with a blank expression on his face, "Take them to heal their wounds."

"Useless things."

After Xun Ju said something lightly, he turned and left.

Afterwards, Fang Hen, who was in a coma, was carried away by a gust of wind.

Chen Jianzhi and Lan Yingxing were carried out of the arena by the disciples of the Palace of Law of the Qing Dynasty.

Shen Yu looked at the comatose figure drifting away, with a regretful expression.

"Let's go back."

Dao Fan's right hand rested on Shen Yu's shoulder, and the two of them turned into streamers, thinking about the distant mountains and flying away.

Several important figures of Daozong left one after another, making the lively Motianya suddenly quiet.

Everyone was a little dazed, Chen Jianzhi, Fang Hen two of the most outstanding disciples of the Qing Lv Palace were seriously injured one after another, so what would happen to the other two palaces?

The eyes of the young disciples turned to Yu Wenwen and Fan Weimin involuntarily, but the two of them didn't move, and they didn't have the slightest intention to end.

Seeing this, Master Dao Chen's face became extremely ugly, and finally he chose a few low-level disciples to compete on stage, and then hastily announced that the performance of the Four Temples was over.

From the beginning to the end, the two geniuses of Daozong, Yu Wenwen and Fan Weimin, did not appear.

This may be the most sloppy competition of the four halls in the history of Daozong, but it may also be the most shocking competition.

It's all because of that boy named Shen Yu.

With the realm of entering the Taoist realm, he defeated the three strongest second-generation disciples of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty.

His name may soon spread to other holy places, or even the entire Spiritual Desolation Continent.


The crowd dispersed, and an old man with immortal demeanor appeared out of thin air above the empty Motian Cliff.

He looked at the mottled marks on the ground and praised repeatedly.

Afterwards, a graceful and luxurious woman also appeared in the midair, with a lazy voice, she said, "Daoxuan, I haven't seen you for a few years, but you've become a bit more wretched."

Daoxuan, who is the master of the Yanfa Palace, didn't care, and said with a smile: "That's you, if you were a girl of the other family's age, you would already be the mother of several children."

"You want to fight?"

An astonishing aura suddenly erupted from the woman's body, and the aura of the entire Motianya almost froze.

Killing intent is soaring.

"No, my mouth is broken, my mouth is broken, don't worry too much."

Reverend Daoxuan smiled wryly and said: "It's okay if I'm wrong, quickly put away your coercion, and fight and kill all day long."

No one would have imagined that a person who looks like a fairy in the eyes of everyone would admit to being cowardly.

Besides the head of the sect, the one who can make him humble like this is probably the graceful woman in front of him.

The curtain move of the main hall of Duzhen Hall.

The magnificent woman snorted coldly and turned to look at the ground.

"Sure enough, it's the same line."

For a long time, she whispered.

"yes."

Daoxuan said: "Never give up and never give up, and have a firm mind. The junior brother back then had the same mind."

Lou Lianzhao was silent for a long while before saying, "Senior Brother Sect Master is ready this time."

"Indeed."

Daoxuan said: "It is said in the world that Junior Brother is the most powerful cultivator in Linghuang today, but no one has ever known that the city lord of Qingdi City has stayed at that threshold for a hundred years, just to wait for Junior Brother, To complete this battle for the Dao established a hundred years ago, regardless of the outcome, the junior sect master must always find a disciple to inherit from the lineage of Yuan Shengdian."

Lou Lianzhao murmured, "Brother...will he win?"

Daoxuan sighed, shook his head and said, "No one knows."

Lou Lian Zhao pulled out the hairpin on his head and stroked it casually, a clear aura enveloped the two of them, isolating the entire world.

She said seriously: "I didn't expect Shen Yu's speed to be so fast. It seems that I don't have to wait for a few years. Brother can write his name on the list of going to Zhongzhou Academy."

Daoxuan smiled without saying a word.

Lou Lian Zhao was a little stunned at first, and then he came to his senses and said: "It turns out that senior brother has already added it."

Reverend Daoxuan said: "For a person who can be valued by the sect master, the difference in realm is nothing."

Lou Lianzhao smiled and said, "That is."

"The remaining candidates will be chosen among the four of them."

"It's up to them."

"it is good."


		