

Nine days later, Qinglu Palace, Motianya.

This cliff is famous for its steepness. Eight rocks protruding from the cliff are strewn up and down. They are connected with each other by fine iron as thick as an arm.

The disciples of the Qinglu Palace are the place where the Daozong's heaviest battles are fought. Every day, many disciples will learn their fighting skills here, so the cliffs around the Motian Cliff are almost full of traces of Lingbao's impact.

In the early morning, the disciples from the Fourth Palace and the Seventh Peak came here one after another. As soon as they stepped on the top of the cliff, they felt the fierce aura left by hundreds of years of fighting, and their faces changed slightly.

This aura is different from the way of asking the heart of Fenbaoya and the mountain behind Yanfa Hall. Several irregular lines deeply engraved on the cliff are exuding the coercion of the avenue at this moment. It was left behind after the seniors fought.

Some low-level disciples could hardly resist this coercion. Fortunately, their respective teachers behind them rescued them, and they regained some strength.

This time, the performance of the Four Halls, whether it is the second-generation disciples who have practiced for many years, or the fourth-generation disciples who have just started, will participate. Therefore, a group of heavenly favored people who represent the first outstanding Taoist sect will compete in the same field.

As the disciples from the Fourth Hall and Seven Peaks took their seats in turn, a powerful and distant bell sounded from the top of the Motian Cliff.

In the stands above the clouds, a middle-aged man in a black robe appeared out of nowhere, with a majestic appearance and sharp eyes.

The crowd immediately caused an uproar.

Xun Ju, the master of the Palace of Laws of the Qing Dynasty.

He who has always lived in seclusion presides over this practice conference in person.

Xun Ju looked around, and everywhere he passed was silent.

Immediately afterwards, several rays of light descended from the sky.

Yu Wenwen stepped on the fairy sword and landed on the side of Duzhen Hall, her blue hair fluttering like a fairy in the world.

Fang Hen stood in front of all the disciples in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty with his head held high. His stalwart figure made people yearn for it infinitely.

The person at the head of Yanfa Hall is a middle-aged man who looks like an old farmer. He is dressed in sackcloth, and his name is Fan Weimin.

However, compared to the bustle of the three halls, Yuansheng Hall was extremely deserted, with only Daofan Daofan alone.

The recent events in Zuowang Peak have been widely circulated throughout the Taoist sect. Many well-informed people already know the whole story, and have even guessed that the person behind the scenes is a big shot in the Seven Peaks.

After Shen Yu went down the mountain, many people thought that this handsome young man would definitely appear here. After all, this person has obtained the inheritance of Lingbao and has practiced in Feilai Peak where the master is located for more than two years. His strength must be beyond whispers .

But he didn't come.

Many disciples were a little disappointed, regretting that the indifferent young man didn't think about doing anything.

It's just different from the disappointed expressions of the disciples. Above the stands, some elders with higher seniority have dignified expressions. Even the Master of the Qinglu Palace turned his gaze in the direction of Daofan.

Some sudden.

In these years, Dao Fan has never appeared in the four halls of Dao Zong.

They all understand Daofan's temperament, cold and calm, not a person who likes to join in the fun.

However, if he came here today, something worthy of his coming would naturally happen.


The performance of the Four Temples finally kicked off.

Mingjian, who had been in seclusion for two years, walked out of Yanfa Hall and stood on the stone platform in the middle.

Many young disciples just realized at this time that the guide on the Green Bamboo Peak who saw the real person came from the Yanfa Palace.

Afterwards, Li Hanyue leaped up from the stand where everyone in Yunwu Peak was, and said with a smile: "I haven't seen you for a long time, but I see that my senior brother is even more handsome than before."

Ming Jian didn't speak, just looked around, as if looking for someone.

Li Hanyue said lightly: "Brother, don't look at it, he won't come, those young disciples don't know, don't you know? It's only been less than two years, even if Shen Yu came here, Just being humiliated."

Mingjian recalled the scene in Yanfa Temple that day, and said firmly: "You are wrong, he will definitely come."

Li Hanyue folded the fan in her hand and said, "Brother, let's start."

Mingjian said, "Okay." '


The fan mentioned by Li Hanyue is a famous spiritual treasure, a famous mountain and river fan.

Every time it opens and closes, countless illusory mountains and rivers fly out from the fan, directly pressing down on the real Mingjian in front of it.

Following the mountains and rivers transformed, Li Hanyue tapped her toes, and her figure went with the wind, her right hand condensed into a sword.

A cyan brilliance burst out of the air.

The mountain and river fan combined with Li Hanyue's practice of pointing swords, and for a while the entire stone platform was almost completely covered by him.

This scene caused deafening cheers from countless disciples.

Seeing that his expression was indifferent, he just took a step forward.

boom!

Smoke and dust filled the air.

The sky-filled sword energy brought by the fingering sword technique, and the power of mountains and rivers transformed by the mountain and river fan exploded in an instant.

Mingjian took another step forward.

With this step, he was in front of Li Hanyue in an instant.

Li Hanyue turned her finger into a fist, and suddenly hit Mingming's door, the wind of her fist was overwhelming.

Mingjian sighed slightly, stretched out his right hand, and pointed lightly.

The next moment, a scene that surprised everyone happened.

Li Hanyue's right fist stopped in mid-air, unable to move forward any more, and Mingjian's right finger directly faced his eyebrows by an inch.

Li Hanyue was defeated.


"It turns out that he has already reached the Immortal Ascension Boundary."

As the adjudicator of the performance this time, Daochen Daochen of the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty could see the realm of clarity at a glance.

Xu Qingmei said: "This kid entered the Yanfa Palace very early, his practice has always been tepid, and his aptitude is also mediocre. I didn't expect him to be the first second-generation disciple to step into the Immortal Ascension Boundary. Wenwen, look Come on, you have one more opponent."

Yu Wenwen stood aside, her beautiful eyes were unmoved, and no one knew what was going on in her heart.

I didn't expect the first competition to be so fast. Many young disciples couldn't see the danger in the middle, which made everyone lose interest for a while.

On the contrary, the next few scenes were extremely tragic, Lingbao appeared frequently, all kinds of magical Taoism shined brilliantly, and everyone's blood surged and they were extremely excited.

After several competitions, another person stepped into the arena.

Seeing this person, the disciples on the stands began to whisper.

The man was handsome, and he was carrying a simple fairy sword and spirit treasure on his back, looking indescribably freehand and unrestrained.

Fu Yi, a second-generation disciple, is the direct disciple of Zuo Wang Feng Feng.

It was this person who destroyed Yang Liu's Liuyun Sword on Zuowang Peak, and then seriously injured her.

Many people turned their eyes to the stands of the fourth hall, but found that the three people who rushed to sit on the Wangfeng Peak that day and fought hard did not come here at all.

With a few random strikes, Fu Yi knocked down the young disciple of Shenxiu Peak in front of him, but to everyone's surprise, Fu Yi stayed on the stage after winning.

He looked in the direction of Yuan Temple, smiling inexplicably.

Seeing this scene, everyone thought of a possibility in their minds, that he wanted to challenge the young man from Yuan Temple.

"I heard that Junior Brother Shen of Yuansheng Temple has obtained the inheritance of the Innate Spirit Treasure from Fenbaoya, and his practice has advanced by leaps and bounds. I don't know if he is here today?"

Fu Yi lifted the fairy sword upside down and said, "If you come, I want to ask Brother Shen for advice, if you don't come...hehe, forget it."

Motianya was silent.

Fu Yi looked calm, just looking in the direction of Yuan Temple.

Whether Shen Yu has come or not can be seen at a glance, but Fu Yi asked, and the provocation in the words was particularly obvious.

This made many people wonder why he dared to do this.

Shen Yu is the disciple of the head of the sect, and he comes from the most mysterious and powerful Yuan Temple in Taoism. Where does a small disciple of Zuowang Peak get the confidence?

Some of the smarter disciples turned their eyes towards the Qinglu Palace, and hurriedly retracted after seeing that majestic figure, for fear of being sensed by the other party.

Daofan Daoist sat cross-legged, closed his eyes and meditated.

In the stands of Yanfa Hall.

Ming Jian frowned slightly, and took a step forward.

In the direction of Duzhen Hall, the fairy sword behind Yu Wenwen moved without wind, trembling slightly.

The little uncle said that she likes Shen Yu the most.

More importantly, she still owed that handsome young man a favor that day at the top of Fenbao Cliff.


just last.

Mingjian didn't take that step.

Yu Wenwen's sword also stopped shaking.

Because there was a crisp bird song in the sky.

As the sea of ​​clouds dissipated, a huge colorful fairy bird flew leisurely from a distance.

Everyone suddenly looked up, shocked in their hearts.

It turned out that the boy had always been there, at a height that no one could have imagined.

The delicate figure jumped off from Qingluanniao and landed on the stone platform.

The young man looked at Fu Yi and said calmly, "I heard that you are looking for me."


		