

Looking at the top of Chaochao Mountain.

The beast tide is still galloping away from Dongzu Prefecture.

As a result, a wave of spiritual power without any warning flashed away in front of everyone.

Silently.

The old man with immortal demeanor looked blank, and with a thud, his body fell to the ground with a bang.

There was still disbelief in his eyes until he was dying.

Many people gathered around looked over at this moment.

"Daomen Fairy Finger."

The graceful woman quickly stepped back two steps, her eyes were horrified, and she said in shock: "It's terrible to kill someone with one finger."

The handsome man narrowed his eyes slightly, just silently watching that handsome figure move down the mountain.

The charming woman asked, "What should I do?"

The man looked at her and said indifferently: "It's your fault, you're dead, so it's possible that you still want to avenge him?"

The corners of the charming woman's lips curled up slightly, and she said: "Those who are going to die are going to die, and my aunt is not someone like him, but the reward this time, the two of us..."

"Equal split."

"Can."

The two looked at each other and smiled, completely ignoring the life and death of this friend who used to get along day and night.


It was already late at night when I returned to Yang's mansion from Chaochao Mountain.

After Shen Yu and Yang Pan'er separated, she didn't rush to rest, but sat on the stone chair beside the pool in a daze.

It seems that because the beast tide has just ended, the sky is cloudless and full of stars.

It was as if the tulle between the heaven and the earth had been completely destroyed, and the aura was clear and extremely rich.

Shen Yu closed her eyes slightly.

Half an hour later, there were hurried footsteps coming from afar.

Two people appeared in the dark corner.

In front was the old servant, and behind him was a middle-aged man in luxurious clothes.

With a majestic face and the aura of a superior person, there is no doubt that this person's identity is clear at a glance.

The Patriarch of the Yang Family, Yang Yuanhao, is also the treasurer of the Four Seas Trading Company.

"I implore the immortal master to save my Yang family, and my Yang family will definitely thank you."

I saw that majestic middle-aged man came to the poolside and bowed to Shen Yu to salute, very serious.

Shen Yu's expression was calm, and she was not surprised at the man's abruptness.

When Yang Pan'er followed him out, naturally the guards of the Yang family followed behind him secretly.

And the incident on the top of the mountain, when they returned to the mansion, naturally spread to the ears of the Patriarch.

Shen Yu knew that the other party would come, but what he was curious about was what this person would say.

"Why?" Shen Yu asked.

As the founder and shopkeeper of the Four Seas Commercial Firm, his usually vigorous and resolute temperament was immediately reflected.

Without the slightest hesitation, Yang Yuanhao said, "Ten years ago, my Yang family had a marriage with the Qingxu Sect. It was about the marriage between Pan'er and the son of the head of the Qingxu Sect. He conspired to take away my Yang family's property, so I rejected it, but the other party secretly retaliated and used some low-level methods, which caused my Yang family's business to be bleak these years."

Shen Yu said nothing.

"In the past two years, I have been tolerant in every possible way, and even retreated to this mountain forest. As a result, the Qingxu faction became even more tyrannical and wanted to seize my immortal jade industry outside Qianliu City..."

Yang Yuanhao paused, bowed again and saluted, "So I implore the immortal master to help my Yang family participate in the spring test held in Qianliu City half a month later, so as to preserve my Yang family's reputation in the city."

Shen Yu didn't speak, but just tapped the chair handle with her right index finger, making a crisp clicking sound.

Yang Yuanhao maintained a bent posture with a tense expression.

He came here this time purely with the mentality of a blind cat bumping into a dead mouse.

The spring test is a martial arts competition held jointly by the four major families of Qianliu City and the Qingxu Sect. It is held once every three years, and it is also a way to indirectly demonstrate the strength of the several major families.

In the past, it always represented the Qingxu faction in the practice world, and then the four major families had their own advantages and disadvantages.

Originally, the Yang family took second place most of the time, but in recent years, due to the strong suppression of the Qingxu faction in the city, no practitioners dared to represent the Yang family in the battle. In the past, there were a few unnamed casual cultivators. He was severely injured, and after that, no matter how much the Yang family paid, no one came to this muddy water.

And the Yang family was mainly engaged in business, and the few casual cultivators in the family were of no use at all.

So now, as an opportunity to show off the family background and strength, the Yang family, which is well-known in the city and even in the entire Eastern Ancestral State, has actually made it look incomparably declining.

Shen Yu broke the silence and asked, "Do you need to take a boat from Qianliu City to Yaochi?"

Yang Yuanhao was stunned for a moment, and then replied: "That's right, because you have to go through the Wuwang sea area at the southern end of Dongzu Prefecture, and you need to take a special big boat."

Shen Yu thought for a while and said, "I want to board the boat."

Yang Yuanhao smiled wryly.

Yaochi is one of the nine holy places in the world, mysterious and noble, and the Wuwang sea area is also known as a dangerous place in the world, there are very few seagoing ships on this route.

Shen Yu didn't speak.

There was a brief silence.

Yang Yuanhao gritted his teeth and said, "Although the Yang family is considered a mysterious high-ranking family, it is still possible to get a place on a sea-going ship."

Shen Yu got the answer she wanted, waved her hand, and signaled to leave.


Yang Yuanhao and the old servant returned the same way and walked on the rain corridor of the house.

The moonlight shone on the ground, but strangely, it could only illuminate the shadow of one person.

The old man who had been a servant of the Yang family for decades said, "It's a bit strange."

"Is what he wants...too simple?"

Yang Yuanhao thought about it, and said: "This guy came here for no reason, and it seems that he has nothing to do with the guys from the Qingxu Sect. I thought he valued something from my Yang family and would open his mouth, but It seems I was wrong."

The old servant thought for a while, then said softly: "I heard from the spies that the man used Taoist spells, and the young miss seems to be practicing in the Taoist sect right now."

Yang Yuanhao's expression flickered, and he shook his head and said: "Don't think too much, I only have two precious daughters in my life, and it's my family's blessing that Liu'er is living a stable life in Dao Sect. The father can't give her anything, but he can't cause any trouble. "

The old servant sighed, and said with emotion: "The master is kind-hearted. If the news about the eldest lady's practice in the Dao Sect is spread, how can the Qingxu sect and the other three major families dare to be so unscrupulous."

"No problem."

The majestic man smiled frankly: "I, Yang Yuanhao, have come to this day. If I have to rely on my daughter's reputation to block me from anything, it would be really shameful."


Shen Yu just closed her eyes and meditated on the stone bench, and sat all night.

In the early morning, he casually took a handful of water from the pool and washed his face. Before he could stand up, he heard cheerful footsteps behind him.

Yang Pan'er squatted beside Shen Yu and asked curiously, "Are you really going to take the spring exam?"

Shen Yu nodded.

"I'll take you to the city to sign up."

After the girl finished speaking, she grabbed Shen Yu's sleeve again, stood up and pulled it outside the house.


		