

Looking at Chaoshan, the platform.

The atmosphere is weird.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, waved his sleeves casually, walked slowly from the crowd to the other side, and then calmly looked into the distance, as if nothing happened just now.

Countless eyes focused on him, but no one spoke.

At this time, Yang Pan'er followed behind Shen Yu secretly like a well-behaved little girl, and Shuiling's eyes stared straight at the sea of ​​clouds, as if wondering if that guy would fly up again after a while.

The weird atmosphere lasted for a while, and was finally broken by a cold snort.

The old man with an embarrassing face said in a deep voice: "Little brother has acted like this, isn't he more murderous?"

Shen Yu ignored it and just looked into the distance.

Seeing the scrutiny and fear in many people's eyes, Yang Pan'er seemed to gain strength, put her hands on her hips and said angrily: "Wangchao Mountain is not your family, why can't we let us come up to see it?"

The old man's eyes flickered, and then he said lightly: "When the beast tide is coming, we are naturally afraid that there will be accidents for mortals without cultivation base."

The girl blinked and said, "Is that so?"

The charming woman suddenly interrupted and said with a smile: "Gui Zhenzi, I didn't expect to be so thick-skinned when I was old. Who doesn't know that you are here to hit the big luck. Let's see if there are any spirit beast cubs in the beast tide." ? Could it be that your cultivation base has soared in recent years, and you have cultivated back the conscience that has been fed to the dog for a long time?"

The old man wearing a Taoist crown sneered: "Let's not talk about anyone, you poisonous woman has not enough concubines to play to death?"

After the old man finished speaking, he quietly looked at Shen Yu's back, his eyes dim.

From what he looked at just now, this young man is not some old guy pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger, and the spiritual power in his body is also mediocre, barely a practitioner of some realm.

The spiritual power in his hands quietly gathered, with a smile on his face, he said: "Beating a dog depends on the owner, do you want to give me an explanation?"

Shen Yu's face was calm, and she raised her right hand slightly, as if about to do something, but stopped suddenly.

I saw the handsome man who had been indifferent to the field all the time suddenly opened his mouth, and said indifferently: "Gu Zhenzi, let me warn you one last thing, we are here for business, so don't disturb my interest now, if it is boring, I don't mind sending it away." You go to reincarnation."

The voice was calm, but it contained a great killing intent.

The old man squinted his eyes with a hint of apprehension, but he really didn't speak.

Quiet was restored on the top of the mountain.

From noon to evening, until the first twilight fell between heaven and earth, the surroundings were always calm.

Just when Yang Pan'er regretted this decision with a full face, there was finally a slight vibration in the world.

Then, countless light spots appeared in the sky in the distance, and slowly gathered in the air to form a ray of light.

It turned out to be a long golden bridge across the sky.

Immediately afterwards, a black line slowly spread from the distance of the bridge to this side.

Half an hour later, the black line ran forward rapidly on the long bridge composed of golden light spots, and a strong and ancient atmosphere like a tide flooded the sky.

Everyone saw clearly what it was.

Beast tide!

A black tide composed of thousands of alien beasts, the sea and the sky line, galloped crazily on the nameless long bridge of golden light in the sky.

Countless majestic and terrifying auras scattered wildly, and there were even several auras that could be compared to the powerhouses in the fairyland.

All the spiritual energy between heaven and earth began to boil, and a thunderous sound resounded throughout the space.

overwhelming.

Looking at this scene, everyone subconsciously held their minds, and those with slightly lower cultivation even fainted directly.

For tens of thousands of years, no one has tried to stop the beast tide. The reason is that the mighty aura that merges like thousands of horses and horses, even the great cultivators of the fairyland can't resist that edge.

Many practitioners who can keep their minds looking at the golden bridge in the sky can't express their admiration.

These compliments belong to the Academy.

Because that majestic golden bridge was built by the sages of the academy.

After combining the sages of the nine holy places to deduce the route of the beast tide, the academy built a long bridge spanning five continents and four seas at the starting point.

Obviously, in the sky, the harm caused by the beast tide is much smaller than that on land.

And how majestic and majestic the Golden Bridge means how much effort the Academy has spent.

Shen Yu looked at the beast tide, her eyes were bright and serious, and she even became a little ugly.

He knows more secrets than most people in this world.

He also knew that the beast tide represented not only a disaster in the practice world, but also a sign of disaster before it came.

What's more important is that Shen Yu has experienced the disaster of destroying the world, so he knows that the real danger is not the beast tide, but what it symbolizes behind.

Shen Yu's hands behind his back were slowly clenched, and then slowly released.

He silently watched countless strange beasts galloping.

Seeing this scene, Yang Pan'er subconsciously felt that he actually wanted to do something, but in the end he didn't do anything.

"Let's go."

After seeing this scene with her own eyes, Shen Yu didn't miss it, and turned and went down the mountain.

The beast horde was not over yet, the girl who was staring at the sky with wide eyes felt reluctance, but looked around at the crowd, and followed obediently.

The old man looked at Shen Yu's back, and his murderous intent became stronger.

The charming woman changed her smile and said in a cold voice: "Just now we both reminded you that that person is not easy to mess with. It doesn't matter if you die, but don't delay our important event."

The old man turned his head.

The handsome man who looked like the leader of the crowd said indifferently: "Don't tell the truth, don't be reckless, wait until you go to the Yang family's mansion to complete the task, if you really can't swallow this breath, the three of us will do it together."

The immortal old man suddenly showed a ferocious smile, and said, "I've tampered with him a long time ago, and I can't run away. If that's the case, let's save that kid first."


When going down the mountain, the two walked much more briskly.

"After waiting for so long, why did you leave so early?"

"I've already seen what I want to see, so naturally I have to go."

The girl looked up at the top of the mountain from the winding wooden stack, the moonlight was covered by the mountain, and it was pitch black.

Yang Pan'er said with a smile: "I didn't expect you to be so powerful, that person flew out with a swoosh, don't you like reasoning very much?"

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "I never like to reason, and I never reason with idiots."

Shen Yu stopped in her tracks and suddenly looked over her shoulder.

Yang Pan'er was puzzled and said, "What's wrong?"

"nothing."

Shen Yu shook her head and said, "Someone is looking for death."

Shenyu patted himself on the shoulder lightly.

A small flying insect like a grain of rice whined and flew towards the top of the mountain in an instant.

Then, under Yang Pan'er's invisible line of sight, another finger stretched out.

"Be careful!"

In an instant, there was a roar like thunder from above the three tops.

The strange thing is that with the disappearance of the exclamation, the air suddenly returned to deathly silence.

In the night, a smiling finger mark appeared between the brows of that immortal old man.


		