

The head of the huge Buddha statue regained its calm.

The spiritual energy in the distance began to surge gently, and the only sound left in the world was the sound of falling snow.

Shen Yu thought that a magnificent battle was about to take place there, but it didn't seem to have much to do with him.

The little monkey looked at Shen Yu, then pointed to the distance.

It means do you need help.

Shen Yu shook her head, and said: "The guys I hate the most in my life are those scholars who have lost their teeth. It's too boring, but I have to admit that when they determine something, they are indeed very strong."

Shen Yu paused, and continued: "You, like your ancestor, are dedicated to Buddha, so you should do less."

The little monkey scratched his head and grinned, seeming a little happy.

One person and one monkey returned to the ground, and then walked towards Zong Nei.

At the end of the grand ceremony, Lu Lu, a disciple of Guiyun Xianzong, slowly returned to their respective caves and courtyards, and the flow of people passed by Shen Yu.

These are ordinary disciples of Guiyun Xianzong. They have never seen the appearance of the mountain guardian beast. At this time, they only think that one person and one monkey are quite eye-catching, so they can't help but look at Shen Yu a little more.

But after seeing it, they found some familiar meanings, many disciples frowned, and began to ask their own companions.

Knowing that the figure in the blue shirt in the distance had completely disappeared, a young disciple in the crowd finally said a name uncertainly, and after a brief shock, there was a sudden commotion.


Shen Yu came all the way to the top of Luoxian Peak.

There were some changes in the original simple solitary tomb at this time. I saw that the sweaty girl kept moving soil from a distance, and then carefully piled it on the tomb bag without suffering. Repeatedly, even His cheeks were covered with dust.

Shen Yu watched this scene quietly.

The emotions in the world can't be figured out, so he didn't feel much about this scene.

After an unknown amount of time, Lu Caiwei found Shen Yu and asked, "Is the matter over?"

Shen Yu nodded, didn't speak, just looked into the distance.

Soon, he suddenly asked, "Have you thought about where to go to practice?"

Lu Caiwei was silent for a while, and asked, "Even if I go to Kunlun or Yaochi, you will help me, right?"

Shen Yu thought about it seriously, and said, "Yes."

For some reason, Lu Caiwei suddenly looked a little embarrassed, and said, "Do you really want to get rid of me so much?"

Shen Yu looked at her and said lightly: "I still have things to do, so naturally I can't take you with me all the time."

Lu Caiwei was not talking.

It fell into silence again for a while, only the natural clouds were constantly rolling and surging.

Suddenly there was the sound of hurried footsteps at the foot of the mountain, and several rainbow lights flew towards the peak in the distance. It seemed that there were many people, and even Lu Caiwei noticed that something was wrong.

She asked nervously, "Have you been discovered?"

Shen Yu said: "Yes."

"Then what should we do?" Seeing that the other party didn't care, Lu Caiwei was a little puzzled.

Shen Yu didn't answer, just stood quietly.

Lu Caiwei looked down the peak subconsciously. In the dark distance, the flames of countless torches and pearls almost illuminated the entire mountain.

As the rainbow light and footsteps got closer, Lu Caiwei frowned, because no one came here after a long time, as if it stopped abruptly at a certain location.


Xu Yanmo, the law enforcement elder of Guiyun Xianzong, led many disciples to look at each other on the mountainside.

The target of the Zongmen's killing order issued not long ago came to their mountain gate in a grandiose manner, which is simply an insult to them.

It's just that the originally aggressive team seemed to have been slapped in the face and stopped advancing.

Because there was a short monkey blocking their way.

Previously, many disciples and elders who did not know the identity of this monkey wanted to forcibly climb to the top of the mountain, but he pulled them down at will, no matter on the ground or in the air.

Seeing the true face of the monkey, Xu Yanmo and several senior elders were stunned, unable to understand what was going on in front of them.

Unlike the young disciples, they naturally knew the true identity of this monkey, which was a mountain-protecting beast that had guarded the Xianzong for nearly three hundred years.

It's just puzzling why the tree, which has never left the Buddha statue for a hundred years, appeared here, and blocked their way for no reason.

When Xu Yanmo was at a loss, a young disciple quickly came to him and said a few words in his ear.

Xu Yanmo's face suddenly changed, and he shouted angrily, "What did you say?"

Then the young disciple looked flustered, and said in a trembling voice: "Elder Ximen... is dead."

As soon as this remark came out, the nearby disciples all looked over in shock, and the originally noisy crowd fell silent.

Second only to the head teacher, Ximen Guan, whose cultivation had almost stepped into the upper three realms, died?

Xu Yanmo was the first to calm down after Duan Zai's shock, his eyes were flickering, and his mind was a little shaky.

The first person that came to his mind was Yun Qing, the apprentice of Ximen Temple.

Even though the woman was clearly participating in the sect competition, Xu Yanmo knew that Ximen Guan's death must have something to do with her.

As the law enforcement elder of Guiyun Immortal Sect, Xu Yanmo naturally knows many things in the sect like the back of his hand.

The female student named Yun Qing was indeed born with an amazing personality, and her talent was unexpectedly outstanding, but there were some nasty things in it that people didn't want people to know.

For example, Xu Yanmo knew that not only her serious teacher had long coveted her, but even the head teacher seemed to have some inexplicable meanings towards that woman.

A few times, Xu Yanmo accidentally saw the teacher's eyes looking at the woman, not just the eyes towards the disciples, but the eyes of a naked man looking at a woman.

In this regard, he has always held an attitude of watching the show. In the whole Guiyun Immortal Sect, Yunqing is not pleasing. The disciples are jealous, the teacher is coveted, and she always has an attitude of looking above the top to let him He was very unhappy.

Xu Yanmo even thought about waiting until the head teacher got tired of playing, and when that woman who thought she was superior fell into the dust, as the law enforcement elder, would he be able to kiss Fangze as well.

Xu Yanmo narrowed his eyes and suddenly smiled.

In his opinion, this little girl is still too naive, a mere Ximenguan is dead, but as long as the head teacher is not for a day, even if she has great supernatural powers, where can she go?

Xu Yanmo looked at the sky and couldn't help sneering, thinking that if you, Yunqing, were capable, even the head teacher would be slaughtered together, so I, Xu Yanmo, would worship you.


And on the other side.

The little monkey who was blocking everyone on the mountainside knocked down a few disciples who were trying to fly over from the sky, and then turned to look into the distance.

Shen Yu opened her eyes, and said to the confused woman behind her: "You once said that you have never seen gods fight, so this time, watch it and learn from it."


A fortune-telling alchemist with a banner came from afar. He had a gray beard and was dressed in a blue cloth shirt. With a few easy steps, he crossed a distance of thousands of feet and arrived at the gate of Guiyun Xianzong in a few breaths.

He stopped in his tracks for a moment, then stomped his feet and cursed loudly: "Damn it, I managed to catch up with that kid, and ended up in such a bad situation, why should I fight! I'm full, hurry up!" Fucking reincarnation?"


Return to the front of the hall of the ancestor of Yunxianzong.

A huge vortex of hundreds of feet suddenly appeared in the sky, and the sea of ​​clouds hung down and surged, like Mount Tai pressing down on the top.

Under the vision of heaven and earth, a roar like thunder came from the sky.

"Jiang Zhouyao, it's because you have an old relationship with my predecessor and have an offense against my Immortal Sect, so I tolerate you in every possible way. I didn't expect you to want to commit a big rebellious act today and seek death!"

Immediately afterwards, a clear voice sounded, "I was ordered by the previous head teacher to clean up the scum of the sect for him, what's the only crime?"

As soon as the words fell, I saw a bright beam of light rising from the ground into the sky, and then with the beam as the center, the nearby buildings, ancient trees and spiritual grass were completely destroyed like paper scraps and fallen leaves.

Within a radius of thousands of feet of Guiyun Xianzong, it suddenly became a barren land.


		