

Qingyunzi was rescued from the lake, and he was unconscious and very embarrassed.

Dozens of people fell from the sky, and the man at the head ignored everyone's eyes, and came directly to Shen Yu, bent slightly, and saluted: "Wuhui Fengyuan Bearer, see senior brother."

Shen Yu has already become a man of influence not weaker than Yu Wenwen in the Taoist sect. It is only because of some reasons that the Taoist sect deliberately concealed Shen Yu's actions from the outside world, so that the place far away from Zhongzhou is not so familiar with the name Shen Yu .

"No return peak?"

Shen Yu remembered that he seemed to have practiced on a remote mountain on this peak back then, and spent some time there.

Thinking of this, Shen Yu became more and more pleasing to the disciple in front of him.

Shen Yu suddenly looked at the disciples behind him.

"Unfortunately, Guiyun Immortal Sect's order to kill was discovered by a disciple of the sect who traveled to Dongzu Prefecture, and then summoned Daozong."

Yuan Bearing explained: "After learning about this, the master of the Yanfa Palace said that you are the second brother of my Daozong, how can you be humiliated, so he ordered us to come here."

Yuan Bearing didn't say what he was doing, but everyone knew that with so many people coming, it was not just a simple look.

It's just that Shen Yu didn't care about this, but instead asked, "What happened on the road?"

With Shen Yu's realm vision, he can naturally see the problems of these Taoist disciples in front of him.

Breathing is unstable, and many people have suffered more or less internal injuries.

Moreover, the Dao heart was somewhat damaged. If they hadn't overwhelmed everyone with momentum from the beginning, this team would have been even more embarrassed.

Yuan bearing a look of hesitation on his face, he turned his head and shouted: "Get out."

I saw those disciples of Guiyun Xianzong who neither left nor came, scattered and fled in all directions.

After everyone dispersed completely, the two came to a waterside pavilion by the lake.

Yuan Carrier mulled over his words for a while, and said, "We could have arrived at the grand ceremony of returning to Yunxianzong a few days ago, but... we encountered some troubles on the way."

Shen Yu looked calm, and naturally there were only a few things or people that Daozong disciples would consider troublesome.

He asked, "Who?"

Yuan Zai replied, "Qingdi City."

Shen Yu raised her eyebrows.

Daozong and Qingdi City belonged to special existences among the holy lands. One firmly believed that all dharmas belonged to the sect, and the other believed in proving the Tao with strength. The writing allowed the heads of the two sects to make a covenant on the Dao for hundreds of years.

Now the two cases have long been in turmoil.

Yuan Carrier went on to say: "During the journey of Daozong to the east, the team was originally led by senior brother Chen Jianzhi from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, but just happened to meet a group of people from Qingdi City at the harbor of Dongzu Prefecture. He took the initiative to provoke us, and his words were unbearable, Senior Brother Chen has always been arrogant, so he made an appointment to fight in a few words."

Shen Yu looked as usual and said, "Then?"

Among the practitioners, especially the disciples of the two sects, they are not pleasing to the eye, so they naturally use the methods of the practice world to solve the problem.

The battle of victory and defeat, and the battle of life and death, have always been two commonly used methods.

Yuan Cheng suddenly showed an expression of indignation when he heard the words, clenched his fists with both hands, and said angrily: "Originally we decided to win and lose the battle, and ten people will fight in rounds. At the beginning, the Qingdi City group fell behind, but I didn't expect that Qingdi City would end up in the end." There came a man with strong cultivation, he shot and wounded many disciples of my Dao Sect without mentioning it, and even humiliated him in every possible way, Senior Brother Chen Jianzhi was overwhelmed, and was severely injured by a punch in the end."

Shen Yu noticed the details in the words, his face was a little surprised, and then he turned relieved, and said: "Chen Jianzhi's cultivation is top-notch among his peers, among the younger generation, who can beat him to serious injury with one punch?" .”

"His name is Li Yi."

Yuan Cheng said: "That is the big disciple of Qing Emperor Song Nu who entered the house."

Shen Yu looked thoughtful.

Li Yi of Qingdi City practiced in Qingdi City all year round and rarely left the city.

But everyone in the world knows that he is extremely powerful, and it can be said that he must have a place in the top three of the Lingyun list.

But the problem is that the third floor of the academy is about to be opened, and everyone on the Lingyun list is all in retreat, so why is he coming out?

Shen Yu seemed to think of something, and said, "It's all because of me."

Back then in Nanhe City, he lost one of Li Chan's arms, and this person's elder brother was Li Yi.

Yu Wenwen had mentioned this matter, and Hui Ke had also mentioned it to him.

Yuan Carrier remained silent, maybe that was the case.

He looked around, hesitated for a while, and said, "Li Yi once asked me to bring you a sentence."

Shen Yu suddenly smiled and said, "What?"

Yuan Zai frowned and said: "He said, if you don't return to Daozong as soon as possible, after he settles some things, he will come to you and let you... get ready."


On a ruin far away from the two of them, there was an old man in coarse cloth.

Very ordinary, called Mu Changqing.

But his status is not ordinary, he belongs to the elder of Yunxianzong.

After a while, the scholar in a Confucian shirt came out from the attic and stood beside him, followed by a pure green-shirted woman.

"The sect can decline, but these young disciples who I have placed high hopes on in the Yunxian sect never imagined how they could break through and stand up after losing their backbone."

The plain old man sighed helplessly.

The scene that happened by the lake just now was completely in his eyes, but the reason for him was that they were not as good as others, but because they didn't even have the courage to make a move when facing the Taoist disciples.

In practice, one can be humble when meeting a powerful enemy, but one must never lack courage.

The unbearable side of the disciples just now made the wrinkles on the old man's face more and more deep.

"Since Guiyun Xianzong chooses to rebuild, these disciples will eventually grow up slowly after experiencing some things."

Jiang Zhouyao put on a thick padded jacket and said, "It just takes time."

The old man went and said, "With your body and bones, how long can you live? Can you wait?"

Jiang Zhouyao smiled and said, "I can't wait, but someone can."

Supreme Elder Mu Changqing sighed: "Yun Qing is still young, can a woman really take on this great task?"

The woman in the green shirt at the back paid no attention, but lowered her eyes slightly.

The middle-aged scholar smiled as usual, and said, "You should trust me, and you can only trust me."

The old man twitched the corners of his mouth and snorted coldly.

In this great battle that could shake the foundation of Gui Yunxian Sect, the reason why he didn't show up was because he believed in the scholar in front of him.

I don't know it's because this man has the Immortal Headmaster Order of Guiyun Immortal Sect that hasn't been issued for a hundred years.

It is also because this man once promised to develop Guiyun Xianzong into the top sect in the world.

It was even more because I had played hundreds of games with him scatteredly, but never won a single game.

The middle-aged scholar comforted: "Don't worry."

"Jiang Zhouyao, I hope that as you said, I can see the day when Guiyun Xianzong rises again, so that I will not regret my choice, and I will not be ashamed of Guiyun Xianzong's predecessors."

A tired look appeared in the old man's eyes, then he shook his head slightly and turned to leave.

I don't know when, there are scattered snowflakes in the sky again.

Flying all over the sky.

The man stretched out his hand, watched the snowflakes fall on Shuoxin, and then slowly melted. Because of the loss of cultivation base, a bone-piercing chill spread throughout his body,

Jiang Zhouyao didn't seem to feel it at all, and said with a smile: "When I was just studying, there was a period of time when I thought that my writing was unparalleled in the world. Thinking like this at the first word, isn’t it very arrogant.”

Yun Qing desperately shook her head.

"It doesn't matter anymore, because I met Su Mo later, and I realized a truth."

I don't know if the snowflakes are getting bigger or bigger, or something else, the man's head is already white, but he seems not to notice it, and said: "Because even if there are thousands of lives in the book, they are just flowers in the mirror after all."

The scholar paused for a while, then murmured, "That's all."

Yun Qing raised her head slightly, her eyes were rosy, and said, "Uncle Jiang's essays and poems are unparalleled in the world."

Jiang Zhou shook it off with a smile, pointed to the direction where the old man left before, and said: "Elder Mu is dedicated to Taoism and attaches great importance to returning to Yunxianzong. As long as you can steadily improve your cultivation and realm in the future, he will naturally help you solve many problems. Trouble, he's trustworthy."

The scholar pondered for a while, and then said: "As for other minor characters who are not popular, you can deal with it yourself."

Yun Qing hesitated and said, "Then Elder Xu?"

"Xu Yanmo's temperament is unstable and he has no strength of character. If you stay in the future, you will definitely be used by others."

Jiang Zhouyao thought for a while, then suddenly smiled and said, "But you don't have to worry about it. When I die, it is naturally the day he dies."

When Yun Qing heard this, her eyes blurred instantly.


		