

On the mountain path dozens of miles away from Cangmang Town, Shen Yu brought Lu Caiwei to the ground.

The nearby forest is deep and leafy, and there is a faint sound of a stream.

"I didn't expect the sword cultivators' sword escape technique to be so fast."

Lu Caiwei was in high spirits, although she was still a little dizzy at this moment.

Because he personally felt the real sword escape technique in the air just now, there were a few people who wanted to chase after him at first, but after a few breaths, they were completely invisible.

A little timid, she suddenly felt that choosing to become a sword repairer was also very good, at least she ran away quickly and gracefully.

Shen Yu glanced at her and said, "The shame of a swordsman."

Lu Caiwei was immediately seen through her little thoughts, her face flushed, and she said angrily, "It's none of your business."

Shen Yu looked into the distance, feeling rather wan.

The old man who has already half-stepped into the upper three realms is still far away from Cangmang Town. Based on his original plan, he wanted to fight first, because he hadn't played for a long time, and he was a little strange. In the end, he was beaten by this stupid The girl was ruined.

"Is that bastard dead?" Lu Caiwei asked suddenly.

Shen Yu said: "It's almost like death."

Lu Caiwei clicked her tongue.

Although Shen Yu's slap relieved her anger, she still had a trace of regret in her heart, because she knew that such an ending made it almost impossible for her to return to Yunxianzong in the future.

Lu Caiwei was suddenly a little confused and asked, "Then what should we do now?"

Shen Yu randomly found a wooden stake and sat down, and said calmly: "Simple methods can't be used, so use more complicated ones."

Lu Caiwei was stunned, did not understand the meaning of the other party's words?

She asked blankly: "Are you going to return to Yunxianzong?"

Not long ago, the talented disciple of Xianzong was abolished in front of countless people, and now he is still being hunted down by the other party, but this person still wants to go to the mountain gate of Xianzong.

Is he looking for death?

"I'm not going, you go."

Shen Yu said: "Are you afraid?"

Lu Caiwei thought about it seriously, and said a little aggrieved, "I'm afraid."

Shen Yu looked at her for a long time, then sighed for a long time, and said: "I remember...you used to cry and beg me to take you there."

Lu Caiwei blinked her eyes, and then said pitifully, "I want to pay homage to the master. I don't want to die, or at least wait until I finish my work before I die."

Shen Yu let out a sigh and said, "Okay."

Lu Caiwei asked back: "Why do I feel that you seem to want to return to Yunxianzong more than I do?"

Shen Yu pondered for a while, and said: "Just now in the town, I heard that this sect is very grand, very old, and has things that I am interested in."


Guiyun Xianzong issued a killing order, and also gave rich rewards. Almost every disciple who traveled abroad received information jade charms about Shen Yu, which can be said to have spared no effort.

But as time passed, the two of them seemed to disappear out of thin air without a trace.

Late night.

On the edge of an unnamed mountain forest, a faint bonfire swayed in the wind.

Shen Yu casually added some firewood to the fire, and then began to meditate with his legs crossed. These days, he finally stopped doing nothing like he used to.

Lu Caiwei stood aside quietly, with a nervous expression on her face.

Because just less than a hundred feet away from them, there is a camp built by dozens of people from the Lin family.

That is the group of Elder Zheng Xuan of Guiyun Immortal Sect. All the disciples recruited in the town at the beginning are in the team.

The most important thing is that, for some reason, the elder of the immortal sect chose to walk slowly with the team.

Yes, the two of them did not hide or run away these days, but followed them secretly towards the mountain gate of Guiyun Xianzong.

Perhaps it was because of the darkness under the lights, or because of luck, no one had discovered them until now.

With the aura running for a few weeks, Shen Yu took out the booklet from his arms and read it again.

Because he recently discovered that it also introduced some things about Daozong, and some things interested him very much.

For example, in the Dao Sect, there is a place called Dao Prison, which is hidden by the Nine Layers of Restriction.

As the name suggests, there are many monsters locked inside.

The demon of the Southern Barbarian Demon Realm, and the demon of the exotic Northern Territory.

In addition, there are also some strong human races who have committed heinous crimes on the road of cultivation.

Su Mo never told him about these things, but this was not what he was most concerned about.

Instead, he remembered that there was a formation master in Taoist sect who was stopped by those restrictions when he was in Siguoya, so he really wanted to meet him.

Lu Caiwei's exclamation came from a distance.

Shen Yu turned her head and looked, and found the seven colorful long silks on the horizon that were extremely conspicuous in the dark night.

There are several people standing on the misty long silk, all of them are women, each of them can be said to be all-powerful in the mortal world, and the woman in the front is wearing a light green long dress. Elegant and noble.

Lu Caiwei watched silently, her eyes only stayed in front of the woman in front for a while, and most of her attention was on the colorful long silk that they were stepping on.

Shen Yu didn't know what to think of, showing a look of reminiscence.

Everyone in Guiyun Xianzong stopped their movements, bowed slightly, and saluted respectfully.

This scene surprised Lu Caiwei, she turned her head and looked at Shen Yu suspiciously.

Shen Yu was still sitting, and said: 'Those people, if you read correctly, they should be from the Holy Land of Yaochi, and the woman in front is the current saint He Pianpian. '

The holy girl of Yaochi, who was born only in hundreds of years, is at the same level as Huike, the Buddhist disciple of Lingyin Temple, Yu Wenwen, the Taoist sect, and Liyi of Qingdicheng, and can be said to be the pinnacle powerhouse of the younger generation in the world.

Lu Caiwei didn't know about this, and said in a daily belittling way: "Speaking of which, you are also from one of the holy places. You can look at other people's ostentation, and then look at yours."

Shen Yu didn't speak, just looked up quietly.

Lu Caiwei didn't get a response and followed his gaze. Suddenly she became angry and said angrily, "Whatever you look at, your eyeballs will pop out."

Shen Yu said lightly: "They are coming."

Lu Caiwei was stunned, and then looked back.

I saw the colorful long silk fluttering with the wind, and then it became more and more clear in their sight, and it arrived in front of the two of them after a while.

Lu Caiwei has always been a cowardly person next to Shen Yu, and when she meets a stranger, she runs behind Shen Yu.

The peerless woman's deep blue eyes looked at the two of them, and her voice was like a clear spring, making a lonely sound.

She said: "My name is He Pianpian, and I come from the Holy Land of Yaochi."

Facing the following gazes, Shen Yu said lightly, "What's the matter?"

The woman looked back slightly, and said softly: "Have you ever studied with a teacher?"

Lu Caiwei froze for a moment, and said, "Are you talking about me?"

The woman nodded, and continued: "If not, you may wish to enter my Yaochi Holy Land."

Lu Caiwei turned her head subconsciously, and found that Shen Yu's expression was normal, as if she hadn't heard this sentence at all.


		