

Ming Cao finally saw the man's face clearly, and then he was in a daze.

He seemed to have seen this face somewhere before.

He remembered.

It turned out to be Taoist Shen Yu.

The second apprentice accepted by Master Daoyan, who also caused a lot of trouble in Daozong, the land of Qianchuan naturally grasped this information clearly.

"What a Taoist sect, what a Shen Yu." A cold and bitter voice came from the black mist.

Zhong Shenluo naturally has greater use for the land of Qianchuan. The combat power after entering the upper three realms alone is an existence that cannot be ignored, otherwise he would not be able to take the risk of showing up here.

It's just that I forcibly resisted the blows of the three big monks, but in the end I was destroyed by this kid in front of me who was only at the Golden Core level.

What was even more unbelievable was that the other party's eyes actually made him feel a little afraid.

At this thought, Ming Cao had an unstoppable killing intent in his heart, suppressed the wound in his body, and slapped back.

A palm print made of black mist appeared on the lotus platform in mid-air and blasted towards the figure in the blue shirt.

For the great practitioners who have stepped into the upper three realms in the world, even a casual blow is not something that ordinary monks can compete with.

boom!

The top of Luoxian Peak seems to be cut off in the middle.

Countless fallen rocks and giant trees fell to the foot of the mountain, and the disciples of the Guiyun Immortal Sect who had gathered at the waist of the mountain scattered and fled in all directions.

The Buddha's light is flourishing.

As the dust dispersed, a spirit monkey stopped in front of Shen Yu and Lu Caiwei, just in time to block the blow.

The black mist in the distance snorted coldly, and disappeared in the distance in an instant without the slightest stagnation.

Shen Yu stood calmly on a steep rock with an unwavering expression.

Lu Caiwei looked at Shen Yu and found that the man at this moment seemed a little different from before.

"Good boy! Not bad not bad."

"A disciple of the Taoist sect, he really deserves his reputation."

The veteran Liu Shouyi brought Jiang Zhouyao here.

"What is the level of Ming Cao in the land of Qianchuan?"

Liu Shouyi squatted on the stone beside him, without the masterful posture he had when he fought against the world's top practitioner, scratched his ears and said lazily: "There are six meritorious officers in the land of Qianchuan, they are Heaven Cao and Earth Cao. , Ming Cao, God Cao, Human Cao, Ghost Cao, all I know is Qian Chuan’s respected cultivator, that guy before was Ming Cao.”

Jiang Zhouyao then said: "As for the other heroes, they are rarely born, especially the second Cao of Heaven and Earth, who are the most secretive."

Shen Yu nodded slightly.

A group of bustling footsteps came from the bottom of the peak.

"I also want to thank you for bringing them here, otherwise, if something happens to the young disciples of the Guiyun Immortal Sect, it will really hurt their vitality."

The middle-aged scholar coughed a few times, the corners of his mouth were stained with blood, and said, "Leave the next thing to me."

Shen Yu said: "Can you do it in your current situation?"

Jiang Zhouyao smiled and said, "Yes."


The scholar went down, and the mountain guardian beast followed him.

Afterwards, the voice under the peak gradually became smaller.

After this battle, it seemed that the aura within a thousand miles had dissipated, and the sky and the earth were brightly lit.

After Lu Caiwei's initial shock, a sense of fatigue hit her, and she gradually fell asleep while leaning against the stone wall beside her.

Shen Yu turned her head and looked, and the entire sect was almost turned into ruins. It is estimated that Guiyun Xianzong will not be able to breathe for a long time.

There were only three people left on the peak.

Shen Yu said, "Let's talk."

The old Taoist from the Holy Land of Kunlun turned serious and said, "The poor Taoist has two main things to do in his travels these years. One is to find a disciple who can inherit the mantle..."

Liu Shouyi suddenly glanced at the sleeping girl in the distance, grinned, and said, "This matter has been completed. The body of the Qingling is perfectly compatible with the way I seek. Hehe, it's really God's favor."

Shen Yu looked as usual and said, "The second thing?"

Liu Shouyi pondered for a while, then asked, "Do you know about the temple?"

Shen Yu shook her head.

"In ancient times, it was rumored that there were gods in the sky, who created the rules of heaven and earth, order, aura, three thousand ways, and the cycle of life and death, and constructed this complete world."

"Countless seniors have speculated that there is an invisible will that controls everything above the sky, but no one has ever seen it since the birth of Linghuang, even if we are powerful practitioners who have stepped into the upper three realms and have almost reached the end of their practice."

"However, thousands of years ago, with a majestic spiritual rain that spread across the continent, all this finally changed."

"Countless practitioners broke through with the rain, and one person appeared on Cang Qiong Mountain, which is said to be only one step away from the sky."

"That man built an illusory temple on the top of Cang Qiong Mountain, called the Temple, and...he claimed to be born in accordance with the will of heaven and earth."

In this case, the old Taoist with a surprisingly serious face looked at the sky and murmured: "No one knows whether it is true or not. Only a few people have climbed to the top of Cangqiong Mountain in the past thousand years, and the few people who have reached the sky have not said a word after descending the mountain. Not where the speech is."

Shen Yu said: "It seems to be true."

Liu Shou nodded and said, "Since then, the temple has been at the forefront of the practice world, surpassing the nine holy places and becoming the most mysterious existence."

Shen Yu didn't have much emotional ups and downs.

When he stepped into the mysterious and mysterious fairyland in the world, he felt the existence of this will.

Shen Yu suddenly asked: "What does all this have to do with you looking for me?"

The temple and the Dao of Heaven all happened long after he died.

Shen Yu didn't even know that these things happened.

"The way I practice is a very special way, so I can feel the illusory traces of the way in the world."

"With the help of the Kunlun Zhibao, I once went to the long river of time with my soul, and personally reviewed the spiritual rain that year, and then I found a problem."

"After the rain that was called the rain of the Spirit Lake fell, it is true that the practitioners in the world broke through the realm, but after that, no one's realm went further, and they fell completely soon."

"That is to say, the price of breaking the realm is to consume the vitality and potential of countless practitioners, not the so-called grace of the gods."

At this time, Liu Shouyi was no longer a tricked and deceived fortune teller, but a true immortal of the top Taoism on Kunlun Mountain.

He said word by word: "If it is as I guessed, the spirit is actually evil rain, how can that temple carry the will of heaven? Isn't the temple cheating everyone in the world?"

Shen Yu was silent for a long time, and said, "You still haven't answered my question."

Liu Shouyi said: "Back then, I happened to travel to Nanhe City, and it rained that day, but when the rain stopped, you were born in the Shen family."

Shen Yu raised his head slightly with a calm expression.

"That rain is not the same as the Lingze I saw back then, but it is a little similar."

The old Taoist said with a smile: "So I want to visit you, maybe I can find some clues, but I just passed by several times due to some accidents."

Shen Yu understood what the other party meant.

The old Taoist thought that he might have some connection with the Heavenly Court, or more precisely, he was worried that he would bring bad luck to the world like the rain.

Shen Yu said: "Have you ever thought about a question?"

Liu Shouyi was slightly taken aback.

Shen Yu said seriously: "The rain, or the aura of the temple, they followed the so-called will of heaven."


		