

Shen Yu finally lived in a small courtyard with a rockery and a pool in the mansion.

There are not many people in this grand mansion, and it looks a little lonely in the barren mountains.

At the beginning, the old servant was vigilant and confident about this foreign guest, and would come here to observe a few times from time to time.

But after a few days, it was discovered that this young man was not doing anything other than wandering around the pool every day. As time passed, he let go of most of his vigilance.

One day, early in the morning.

"Squeak"

The door was slowly opened, and Shen Yu leaned on the bench outside the house.

The aroma of tea is lingering on the table.

As the spring breeze came, it brushed Shen Yu's long hair on his forehead, revealing those indifferent black eyes.

When Yang Liu asked him to come and look at the house for help, he didn't say much, and he didn't even ask Shen Yu to reveal his identity as Daozong.

So Shen Yu didn't say anything superfluous during this trip, just take a look at it, and if there is any trouble, I will help you if you can.

A head with a double bun suddenly peeped out from the moon gate.

Shen Yu said: "After watching it for so many days, do you still want to watch it?"

A beautiful young girl jumped over from behind the moon gate, angrily said: "This lady is here to warn you, don't tell others what happened last time, or I will make you look good."

Shen Yu let out a cry.

The girl is lively by nature, she ran to the side after she finished speaking and began to walk around.

In the end, she calmed down for a while, squatting by the pool, bored in every possible way, and asked from a distance: "Hey, what have you been looking at these days? You just stared at the pool for hours."

The girl blinked her eyes and said playfully, "Could it be that there is something precious in my pool?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Look at the world."

The girl was stunned for a moment, puzzled and said, "Look at the world?"

Shen Yu said: 'You lived here since you were a child, how many carp are there in this pond? '

The girl thought about it seriously, then shook her head.

"There are three hundred and sixty-five articles in total."

Shen Yu said: "If you add an old turtle and two spirit frogs, it will be three hundred and sixty-seven creatures."


The girl had a strange expression and asked, "Are you looking at the world of fish? Are you usually so... bored?"

"A Buddha in Xizhou once said: A grain of sand makes a world, and a tree makes a bodhi."

Shen Yu closed her eyes and said calmly: "This is considered practice. If you can count the times by yourself, your swordsmanship will be very powerful."

Yang Pan'er was overjoyed when she heard the sword, and said, "I'm very powerful even if I don't count! My sister is practicing Taoism, but I don't like to practice Taoism. I like to learn swords. In the future, I will go to Sword Fairy City and become a powerful swordsman." Great Sword Immortal."

Shen Yu smiled and didn't speak.

"Would you like to go out with me now?"

For some reason, Yang Pan'er became pleasing to the person in front of him, and said happily, "I can take you to Wangchao Mountain next to me. The scenery there is really nice."

Shen Yu thought for a while, then shook her head and said, "Walking is too troublesome."

The girl grabbed Shen Yu's sleeve and ran away, shouting: "Let's ride a horse."


Looking at Chaoshan.

Located on the mountain range thirty miles away from Qianliu City, the terrain is steep.

A narrow wooden trestle passage climbs up, winding and rugged like a long snake.

At noon, the two riders arrived at the foot of the mountain.

Yang Pan'er seemed to seldom come out, so she had a lot of fun along the way and wasted a lot of time.

"Those practitioners said that there will be a once-in-a-century beast tide in the past few days, which is amazing."

The girl said happily: "It is rumored that this mountain is the best place to watch the tide, but I don't know the exact date."

Hearing this, Shen Yu raised her head, squinted her eyes and glanced around the sky, with a dignified expression.

There are disasters of locusts, water and fire in the common world, but the beast tide is a natural disaster in the practice world, and it will appear every hundred years.

Along a specific route, countless spirit beasts will launch a galloping charge, and the places they pass will be devastated, and no grass will grow.

For tens of thousands of years, the beast tide has become a unique symbol of Linghuang. It may be late, but it will never be absent.

However, although the beast horde is very harmful, the deduction by countless sages of the academy and the sages of several other holy places has roughly figured out the route before each beast horde appears.

So now, more and more young masters who have been eating food since childhood are looking at the beast tide as a spectacle in the world.

Shen Yu suddenly closed her eyes, as if she was feeling something.

After a while, he suddenly opened his eyes and said, "Let's go."

The two began to walk up the mountain along the wooden stack on the far right.

The strong wind on the top of the mountain is like the sea water rushing down.

Yang Pan'er started to walk very hard, but suddenly remembered something after a while, and ran behind Shen Yu in a hurry, feeling all the pressure disappeared all of a sudden.

She looked at the back of the guy in front of her, he was not very tall, but he seemed to be able to resist everything, and he was relaxed and freehand.

The girl couldn't help but praise herself for being so smart.

But soon, this idea was dismissed.

Because this mountain road is really...too long.

In the end, the girl almost lay her whole body on Shen Yu's shoulders, and said angrily: "I won't leave, I won't leave, can we go down the mountain?"

Shen Yu's footsteps were calm, and he said, "We've traveled a hundred miles and a half to ninety, since we've traveled so far, it's not too late."

The girl muffled: "What do you mean?"

Shen Yu walked with her hands behind her back, and said slowly: "Walking a hundred steps, you have already seen the scenery of ninety-nine steps, but sometimes, this last step may have a different scenery."

Yang Pan'er didn't think so, curled her lips and said, "As long as you have a lot of reason, you must be a scholar."

Shen Yu said, "It sounds like you hate scholars?"

The girl didn't have the slightest scheming, and said honestly: "That's right, because those sour scholars I know rely on their own study for a few more years, so they look down on people in various ways. In reality, apart from being able to write a few sour poems, even a chicken They can't be killed."

The girl made a grimace, and continued: "They often come to my house to ask my father to borrow money, saying that they want to go to the Tang Dynasty to take the exam to obtain fame, but they just go to the brothel to drink flower wine as soon as they leave the house. Pooh! They are just a bunch of idiots. "

Shen Yu smiled slightly, but did not speak.

Yang Pan'er blinked and asked, "Did I say something wrong?"

Shen Yu looked at the tumbling sea of ​​clouds from a distance, shook her head and said, "Maybe."

Shen Yu stopped suddenly.

The girl who was thinking about it bumped her head against the former's shoulder, stood on tiptoe and poked her head out to have a look.

It turned out that it had really come to a platform on the top of the mountain.

Several simple stone bench gazebos stand on it.

There are already many people standing around the stone barrier at the edge, there is an old man with a white beard, a handsome young man with a folding fan, and a beautiful woman who still has a charm.

Everyone held their breath and stared at somewhere in the sky.

There is a fairy air in the field.

The two had just stepped onto the platform when suddenly a sharp and mean voice sounded.

"Who told you to come up! Get out of here, you're disturbing the elegance of the immortals, you don't even have enough heads for nine of you."

A man who was nodding and bowing to the immortal old man immediately trot over and yelled at Shen Yu and the two of them.

With a sharp voice, the girl was startled, and immediately hid behind Shen Yu.

Although she is the second daughter of Fanchen's famous Yang family, she still seems a little afraid to feel the various auras emitted by countless practitioners on the platform.

Shen Yu glanced around, then walked in a certain direction.

The next moment, the sour-looking man stopped in front of Shen Yu in an instant, pointed his right hand at Shen Yu's nose and cursed: "Are you fucking deaf? Get out of here, this is where the immortal masters stay! Do you know who I am the head teacher of the Qingxu Sect in Qianliu City?"

Many people looked at it with the mentality of watching the excitement, and more people turned a blind eye.

The young man in Yushu Linfeng looked indifferent and didn't even look at it.

As for the immortal old man in front of him, his expression was calm, but he was a little proud in his heart.

Naturally, one cannot do anything in the mortal world by oneself, otherwise one's status will be lost, and at a time like this, having a smart dog is the best thing.

Knowing how to bite and be obedient, the little guy in front of him from the Qingxu sect in Qianliu City is very good.

Just the next moment.

The three of them changed their expressions almost at the same time and turned their heads.

There was only a heart-piercing scream, and then that mean-spirited guy instantly flew out from the top of the mountain in an arc, and fell into the sea of ​​clouds at the bottom of the valley in the blink of an eye.

Yang Pan'er opened her ruddy mouth wide.

Countless eyes instantly focused on the man who started without saying a word.


		