

It was getting brighter.

Many disciples who stayed at the foot of Fenbaoya Mountain have not recovered yet.

On this day, too many incredible things happened.

For example, the junior junior sister suddenly became a junior senior uncle, and then the senior brother from Qinglu Palace actually lost to the new disciple, and what was even more shocking was that.

Shen Yu looked like he was going to become the master's apprentice.

Some people even looked at Jiang Shaoqiu with strange eyes.

Shang Yingluo got the inheritance from the master of Duzhen Hall from the previous generation, and Jiang Shaoqiu inherited the natal Lingbao from the Chunyang Patriarch. Will it be another surprise for everyone?

At this time, some elders from the Fourth Hall and Seven Peaks took some selected disciples and left through the air one after another.

Before leaving, the little girl came to Jiang Shaoqiu to say goodbye to him, then patted Ye Zhiqiu on the shoulder, and said, "Little Nephew, don't be lazy in your practice."

Jiang Shaoqiu nodded with a smile, while Ye Zhiqiu rolled his eyes, speechless.

The little girl's behavior caused many elders to laugh, but she is also an interesting disciple.

Yan Qingshu did not leave, because there are still many disciples who have not received the inheritance of Lingbao and still need her to teach them how to practice.

On the way, Zhou Yi saw Jiang Shaoqiu remained silent, and said with a smile, "What? You also want to be the master's apprentice? Or, Daoxuan Daoxuan's junior?"

"Ah, how dare the disciple think like that."

Jiang Shaoqiu waved his hands again and again, his expression became even more bitter.

The disciple who was walking slowly at the foot of the mountain raised his head and looked up at the sky. Several brilliance pierced the sky, and asked curiously: "Master Yan, isn't the inner sect of the Taoist sect not allowed to fly in the air? The great formation guarding the mountain will always annihilate those who fly of."

"The mountain guard formation has the aura of myriad spiritual treasures, and it will indeed suppress people."

Yan Qingshu said: "Realist Daofan has already entered the Immortal Ascension Boundary, but this time it is his incarnation of the Yang God."

Hearing this, the hearts of many disciples were agitated.

The sea of ​​clouds in the sky once again covered Fenbao Cliff, surrounded by clouds and fog.


In the deepest part of Daozong, there is a mountain peak suspended.

The entire mountain is lined with mountains and ridges, with large clouds and mist surrounding it, and there are several waterfalls flying down, and at the top, there is a wide flat land.

Several unremarkable white-walled courtyards are scattered in endlessly, with birds singing and flowers fragrant in front of the courtyard, and small bridges and flowing water.

As the sun shines down, it is like a fairyland in the sky.

This is where the Dao Sect and even the strongest practitioners in this continent live. The Yuan Temple is actually just a few ordinary courtyards.

The streamer flashed by.

The Taoist and the boy came to the foot of the mountain.

Shen Yu looked at the floating mountain peak and said in admiration: "In the past, it was said that there was a peak outside the sky in this continent.

Daofan glanced at him in surprise, and said: "This peak is called Feilai Peak, and it was discovered by our ancestor in the far west when he was traveling, so he moved this peak here with great magic power. There is an innate spiritual treasure in the peak. , contains the power of elemental magnetism, so it can be suspended in the air."

Shen Yu nodded slightly, and asked: "So, there is no way to fly to the top of the peak."

Daofan said: "That's true, the power of this peak's primordial magnetism is too strong, anyone can only go up it on foot, and besides..."

Shen Yu glanced at him and said, "Say it straight."

Daofan said: "The head of the sect doesn't have a decree to refer to you as a disciple. He is still retreating in the cave."

Shen Yu was not surprised, and gave a faint oh.

When he first came here, Shen Yu didn't feel the great power of the monks in the Ascension Realm being rejected by the world. If it is said that he has stepped into the legendary fairyland, it is another matter.

"Before the retreat, the head of the sect left a decree on purpose, asking me to bring the strongest disciple of this generation here."

There was a hint of relief in Daofan's thin face, and he said: "From Yanfa Palace, I have been looking at you all the way, asking Xindao, there is also the top of Fenbao Cliff, and the Lingbao can be completed within twelve hours. Inheritance, for thousands of years of Taoism, you are the second."

Obtaining Lingbao is very different from obtaining the inheritance of Lingbao.

On the Fenbao Cliff, since most of the spirit treasures of Qi Ling are innate things, chance plays a large factor in making them recognize their masters.

Shen Yu was not curious about who the first person was, and asked, "What should I do?"

Daofan pointed to the winding bluestone mountain road, and said seriously: "Go up, you will be the disciple of the master."

In the mountains and seas, it is almost every monk's dream to become a Taoist disciple, and no one would hesitate.

Shen Yu pondered for a long time before asking: "Will it be boring on the mountain?"

Daofan smiled and said, "No, there is a person on the mountain, and there are a few spirit beasts, and the air is very fresh."

"Oh."

Shen Yu thought for a while, and finally said reluctantly: "Then go and have a look."


There were only seven days, and Dao Fan gave Shen Yu a deadline before leaving.

For this reason, he specially asked the young man not to rush up the mountain, but to adjust his mind and mana first. After all, the trip to Fenbaoya a day ago had exhausted him too much energy.

But what surprised him was that the boy really rested for six days.

Shen Yu found a small cave at the foot of the mountain, which can only accommodate one person, and there is nothing in it.

But it can also shelter from the wind and rain, so I simply sat cross-legged.

On the second day, Daofan passed by and saw Shen Yu sitting in the cave with a strange expression, he hesitated to speak, but he still didn't say anything.

On the third day, Dao Fan did not come.

On the fourth day, seeing that the boy hadn't gone up the mountain, he sighed and left.

On the fifth day, Daofan Daoist finally spoke,

"Why don't you go up the mountain?"

"The mana is not restored."

"There is no strong force to suppress this mountain road. The sect master only pays attention to the mind, whether it has mana or not is the same."

"That's it."

"That's it,"

"Then I'll wait a day."


On the sixth day, Shen Yu was still sitting cross-legged in the cave.

The seventh day, early morning.

The young man woke up, and then let out a deep breath of foul air, his pale face finally turned a tinge of blood.

In the past six days, he was not recovering mana, but repairing the internal injuries he had suffered earlier.

On the top of Fenbao Cliff that day, the fight with the cultivator of the Cave Realm almost displaced his internal organs, and what was even more frightening was that the natal spirit treasure of the man in black left a breath of spiritual treasure in his body.

It was cutting his internal organs all the time.

If it were an ordinary person, he would have passed out in pain.

But Shen Yu didn't.

Not only did he suppress the aura of the Lingbao, but he also completed the inheritance of Linghu warming with Lingbao Jingqing, and then went down the mountain, fought with Chen Jianzhi, and bid farewell to Shang Yingluo, without showing a trace of pain.

How many people in the world have this kind of heart and patience.

Therefore, the so-called test of this mountain road is too easy for the young man.


Shen Yu left the cave, and when she left, she was a little dissatisfied with this place.

This cave is not only small, but also has a peculiar smell. These days when I closed my eyes to recuperate, I could vaguely hear a dog barking, no matter day or night, Shen Yu didn't understand what the dog was barking.

However, Shen Yu ignored these things after all. Practitioners don't have to worry too much about things. They just think that this place is sheltered from wind and rain for a few days, and it can be expanded in the future. It is also good for keeping cool.

"This place is really not a place where people live."

Shen Yu said something softly, then turned and left,

After a while, a yellow earth dog got out from the grass. It looked at the back that was getting further and further away resentfully, and then lay down in the stone cave.


Shen Yu walked all the way without encountering any restrictions. This three-foot-wide bluestone mountain road was filled with mist everywhere, and the mountain wind blew in, and there was a faint fragrance of orchids.

Listening to the sound of gurgling water, the boy had already come to an arched bridge.

Under the bridge, there is actually an unfathomable pool of water, which is dark green.

The originally calm deep pool was surging with waves, and then, a long black dragon jumped up, and the huge dragon body brought up countless water splashes, which finally dripped onto the arch bridge.

Shen Yu looked at the slender sharp claws on the belly of the black dragon, and the long beards floating from the corners of his mouth, raised his eyebrows and said, "Jiao?"

The real dragons in the world have long since disappeared, but some giant snakes can transform into Jiaolongs after a thousand years of practice, and Jiaolongs are even more powerful, almost comparable to those in the fairyland.

What surprised Shen Yu was that there was actually one in a deep pool in Yuansheng Temple.

Roar!

The dragon let out a roar that shook the sky, and the huge air current blew the young man's green shirt rattling, and even rolled up countless fallen leaves.

Jiaolong's huge head slowly moved to the front of the arch bridge, and his dark eyes stared at the young man indifferently.


There was silence.

Jiaolong stared at the boy, and the boy looked at Jiaolong.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and said, "Come here!"

Jiaolong didn't come over, but just stared at him fiercely.

Shen Yu said: "If you don't come, then I will go."

After that, he set foot on the arch bridge.


		