

In the storm.

The man's voice was very bright, and he expressed indescribable appreciation, because the talent of the young man in front of him was too amazing.

Shen Yu asked lightly: "Who are you?"

The man shook his head slightly and said, "Needless to say."

"It's the first time in this life to kill someone, you should know his name."

Shen Yu looked at the man and said with a smile: "Do you think killing people is a very simple matter?"

The young man's tone was indifferent, and the man in black was inexplicably palpitated. Then he thought about it, it was a little too ridiculous.

The murderer actually fears the murdered.

It's ridiculous.

The man slowly stretched out his right hand, his eyes became indifferent again.

boom!

On the top of the cliff, several thick bolts of lightning descended from the sky, blasting the surrounding rocks apart.

A dim red light appeared in front of the man, dark and dangerous.

The man said in a deep voice, "Have you seen my realm?"

Shen Yu nodded and said: "The Realm of the Cave, the peak."

"good."

The man in black gave a thumbs up, and then a strong aura erupted from his body, the dim red light burst into dazzling light, and the man pointed forward with his right hand.

The red light was like a shooting star, heading straight towards the young man, splitting into three parts halfway, turning into three beams of light.

When the surrounding raindrops approached the light cluster, they had already turned into a faint white mist.

There is a huge disparity in strength and realm between the Dao Realm and the Cave Realm.

The man didn't have the slightest reservation, he used all his magic power and used his famous Taoism when he came up.

The young man was somewhat unexpected, facing such a fierce move from the man, he never retreated at all, instead he faced up to the difficulty and rushed straight towards the three streamers.

The next moment, the man's eyes widened, and he looked at Shen Yu in front of him in disbelief.

Just now, the young man casually turned around and stepped forward, and the three fire-type Taoisms that disappeared like meteors fell through. At the same time, he bent his knees and came to three feet in front of the man in an instant.

The boy clenched his fist and punched the man in the face.

If there were other people present, they would definitely be amazed at the boy's keen observation of the battle and his decisive decision-making.

The difference in realm is too big, it is meaningless to turn around and run away, and Taoist monks, their only weakness is their physical weakness.

Therefore, fighting in close quarters is vital.

Boom.

The man in black turned his right hand into a palm, and received the punch abruptly. Then, he grabbed the opponent's arm and swung it vigorously. Shen Yu's figure suddenly slammed into the distant stone wall like a kite with a broken string. above.

Shen Yu covered her chest and stood up with difficulty, a trace of blood overflowed from the corner of her mouth, but her expression didn't change at all, she still stood indifferently.

The man in black tightly held his slightly trembling right hand hidden behind his back, and the corner of his mouth showed a hint of shock. What the boy showed just now was far beyond his imagination.

"You are too surprising, so, today, you must die."

As soon as the words fell, a black chess piece appeared out of thin air in front of the man. The chess piece was like jade, emitting a white brilliance. With a light whistle, the chess piece disappeared instantly and came to Shen Yu.

The natal spirit treasure is usually raised in the monk's dantian, but this time, the man in black is unwilling to keep it.

Shen Yu looked at the black chess piece in front of him, the natal spirit treasure of the peak powerhouse in the Cave Realm, and in a split second, all his changes had been blocked.

There is no escape, no hiding.

The boy's talent is astonishing, after all, his realm is too low.

There is no way to make up for the gap between the Taoist realm and the real cave realm, between the lower three realms and the middle three realms with skills.

puff!

The black pawn penetrated his abdomen, revealing a small blood hole.

Then, the right hand, left shoulder, and knee burst out with blood mist.

Shen Yu's vision was a little blurred, and a very faint blood mist in front of her eyes covered her vision.

In the end, the black chess piece spun extremely fast and slammed into the center of the eyebrows. However, an accident happened again. The young man who was already at the end of his life actually turned his head slightly at the last moment, avoiding the fatal blow. The black chess piece wiped his cheek. Deep bloodstains.

Then, the boy fell heavily to the ground.

Looking at this scene, the man in black finally relaxed his previous dignified expression. With his right hand pointing, the black chess piece flew back in front of him.

"If there is a chance, I really hope that you can join me."

Shen Yu was leaning against the stone platform powerlessly at this time, even though he was deeply injured, there was a faint smile on his face, looking at the other party's complacent look, it seemed to be full of endless ridicule.

The man in black felt the meaning, his face darkened, and he said indifferently: "In this world, there are too many people with outstanding talents, but those who survive are the stronger people."

The man deliberately came to the boy and looked down at him.

"If you beg for mercy, maybe I can make you die faster."

The man bent slightly and said with a smile: "You can also choose a way to die."

"Did you know? People who talk too much tend to die faster."

The man in black was stunned for a moment, then his pupils constricted.

Abnormal protrusion.

A ray of blue light shot out from Shen Yu's sleeve, piercing the man's heart in an instant.

The man in black subconsciously swung out his palm and knocked the young man into the air. However, it was already too late.

The puffing sound of sharp objects piercing through the chest resounded heavily.

The figure of the man in black stumbled, and then he fell to the edge of the stone platform not far away. The man tried to reach out and grab the stone platform, but the feeling of suffocation made him helpless.

"This is? This is Guanyin Bamboo..."

The man stared sadly at the blue light on his chest, and as the dust dispersed, he finally saw clearly that the thing that pierced him was actually a piece of ordinary Guanyin bamboo.

"The art of controlling the sword?! It is definitely the art of controlling the sword in the Sword Immortal City!"

The man in black stared wide-eyed, struggled and shouted unceasingly: "You actually know the art of controlling the sword in Sword Immortal City."

Shen Yu leaned against the edge of the stone platform and did not speak.

The opponent's last palm hurt his internal organs again. At this time, he needed to use all his strength to keep himself from falling down.

The young man slowly stretched out his right hand, and then traced a mysterious trajectory. The cyan Guanyin bamboo erupted with violent light, instantly suppressing the continuously gushing spiritual power of the man in black.

If he allowed that person to unite with his natal spirit treasure again, perhaps he would surely die.

"It's useless, you're still going to die."

The man in black regained his composure and said, "After a while, my natal spirit treasure will recover, unless you kill me now, but do you have any other spirit treasures?"

Shen Yu was silent, and then his eyes moved to the purple wooden sword leaning on the stone platform not far away.

It's quiet, and it's been that way since the beginning.

The man's gaze also looked at this place, and he shouted angrily: "How is it possible!"


The rain gradually weakened, and on the stone platform where the wooden sword was located, a small puddle of water trickled along the gaps in the stone platform to the ground.

As time went by, Shen Yu's body became weaker and weaker, and the cyan light suppressed on the man's chest became increasingly dim, while the aura of the man in black became thicker and thicker, like a dark cloud cover.

Shen Yu looked at the purple wooden sword, and said lightly: "Back then, Tianxuan's temper was almost exactly the same as yours. I was almost beaten to death, and it didn't want to talk to me."

"It's just that I don't quite understand. This place is desolate, dusty, and there are no people. Why do you like to stay here?"

The boy said: "The outside world is very exciting, do you want to go out and have a look together?"


		