

The Yan Fa Temple is far away from the Green Bamboo Peak. When they came, Ming Jian led them all the way to the imperial sky. The distance of a hundred miles only took less than half an hour.

Shen Yu wanted to go back alone, so he could only walk.

When was the last time you walked that far? Three thousand years ago or two thousand years ago?

Shen Yu withdrew her thoughts, turned around and walked slowly towards the square in Yanfa Hall.

When they came to the square, they saw a figure flying out of the arena.

Jiang Shaoqiu folded his hands on his chest, stood proudly on the ring, and cast provocative glances at everyone in Yunwu Peak.

In this entry competition, he was the first to play and defeated five disciples in a row. At this time, he was full of energy, especially the cheers and admiring gazes of some female cultivators, which made him a little elated.

Shen Yu looked up at the sky, the sun was hanging high in the middle, and the scene of the ring did not end so quickly, so she sat down under a tall ginkgo tree on the right side of the square.

On the side of the ring, Li Hanyue's expression remained unchanged. Even though five disciples had already lost on Yunwu Peak's side, she still smiled leisurely and said, "I see senior brother, your ability to guide disciples to practice is really good. I admire you."

Mingjian replied indifferently: "I didn't teach anything."

Li Hanyue nodded slightly, and said with a smile: "Brother, you are being modest, it seems that we should be more serious."

As soon as the words fell, a handsome young man jumped into the ring from the crowd.

Jiang Shaoqiu was still very proud, and asked, "Who are you?"

The handsome young man didn't speak, but just looked at him quietly, with a playful look on the corner of his mouth.

Jiang Shaoqiu was a little displeased: "Can you talk?"

"Punch."

"What did you say?"

"I said, you only deserve one punch from me."

boom!

The handsome young man bent his knees, and suddenly moved forward, forming a fist with five fingers of his right hand. In an instant, he was in front of Jiang Shaoqiu. Everyone could almost see an afterimage, and the sound of air splitting could be heard vaguely in their ears.

Jiang Shaoqiu's pupils tightened, mobilizing the spiritual power of his whole body, trying to protect his chest.

But it was too late.

boom!

The huge force knocked his whole body into the air, and another afterimage flashed across the air, this time the handsome boy appeared on the other side.

But in the end, the figure stopped again, as if remembering something, and retracted half of the punch.

Jiang Shaoqiu slammed into the railing of the ring firmly, and the huge impact made him groan and then passed out.

The handsome boy withdrew his right fist, glanced at it with disdain, and said, "Next."

Everyone looked at each other, but no one spoke.

The Cuizhufeng disciples were a little confused. Jiang Shaoqiu, who was unstoppable before, was knocked out with a single punch, which is really unbelievable.

There was silence.

But for a moment, after seeing the disdainful and mocking expression of that handsome young man, everyone became angry again.

This group of teenagers never thought that their realm was lower than Jiang Shaoqiu's.

Then, another boy stepped onto the ring.

With one breath, this person flew down the ring without any suspense, and fainted in front of everyone.

The third, the fourth, the fifth...

"idiot."

"stupid."

"Next."

The handsome young man's voice became louder and his arrogance became more and more intense, he never looked down on the disciples of Cuizhu Peak, and wantonly humiliated them.

Shen Yu saw this scene from a distance, it was a bit funny, and sighed for the first time: "Why!"

When the ninth person was knocked out of the ring with a single punch, the disciples of Cuizhu Peak realized the gap between them. No one dared to go on stage anymore, and the previous anger also turned into silence.

"Who else……"

The handsome young man glanced around at the crowd, saw the dejected looks of the Cuizhu Peak disciples, and sneered, "A bunch of trash."

Standing under the arena, Ming Jian raised his eyebrows slightly, his lips moved slightly, and was about to say something, but was interrupted.

With a smile on his face, Li Hanyue said: "Liang Shi has always been arrogant, so he speaks more straightforwardly. I will definitely teach him a good lesson when I go back. I also ask my senior brother not to be as knowledgeable as him."

Mingjian snorted coldly and had no choice but to give up.

at this time.

Shen Yu, who had been sitting upright under the shade of a tree, suddenly got up and walked towards the ring.

Soon, the disciples of the two peaks discovered him, and everyone was a little shocked.

Ming Jian saw the laziest disciple of the Taoist sect walking straight towards him, and seeing that kid's serious face, an absurd thought came to his mind.

he wants……

Shen Yu walked up to Mingjian, and said seriously: "Send anyone up there, we should go back."


Someone couldn't help but burst out laughing, and then the Yunwu Peak disciple who had been looking at this side also laughed.

Li Hanyue trembled even more, turned around to cover her face, and suppressed a smile.

Seeing that he wished he could slap the kid to death, he still took a deep breath, his face was ashen, and he didn't say a word.

The emerald bamboo peak disciples all blushed, how could this person be in the same team as him, everyone's face has been lost in this entry competition.

However, the person concerned still looked calm and calm. After speaking, he turned and left, as if waiting for them not far away.

Shen Yu thought about it, this kind of thing is nothing at all, if you can't beat someone, go back and practice hard, and it will be the next time you fight back.

Why do you have to take turns going up one by one to let people slap your face? It's not a waste of time.

This little humiliation is nothing on the long road of cultivation. After all, these children are too young to bear any setbacks.

"Who is that, bitches, you are short of the last one in Cuizhu Peak, so it's up to you, what are you running for?"

A frivolous voice came from above the ring, and clearly entered Shen Yu's ears.

He didn't turn around, but he could feel that the other party was talking about himself, and Rufeng raised his eyebrows.

"Girls?"

I haven't heard the swearing and slang in the market for many years. There seems to be a trace of emotion slowly brewing in Shen Yu's chest, a little stuffy and hot.

This kind of emotion has not appeared on my body for many years, so I thought about it seriously.

It turned out to be anger.

The meaning in the eyes of Jiang Shaoqiu and those people is obviously much heavier than what those two words express, but he doesn't care.

It's just these two words, which seem to have poked the pain in Shen Yu's heart all at once.

He suddenly felt.

This kid really deserves a beating.


Liang Shi, who had a handsome face and spoke without mercy, didn't look at that guy after he finished speaking. He just stood on the ring and looked around, his heart filled with the satisfaction of victory.

"It turns out that practice is actually a joyful thing!"

But soon, Liang Shi found that the atmosphere was a bit different, because the faces of the group of frustrated guys almost changed.

Those faces were shocked, stunned, and puzzled...

Liang Shi felt something was wrong, turned around suddenly, and found that the young man in green shirt who was provoked by him was already standing on the ring.

Shen Yu said lightly: "Start."

"Yes, a little courage."

Liang Shi didn't think that the laughing stock of Cuizhufeng could threaten him, and it wasn't the legendary junior sister named Shang Yingluo.

After solving this person, the record of 1v10, I think my name will surely spread to the ears of those elders, and even the masters of the fourth hall.

Thinking of this, Liang Shi didn't wait any longer, bent his knees slightly, and rushed towards the young man in green shirt in front of him.

This time, there was a harsh friction sound between the soles of his feet and the ground.

Shen Yu stood there quietly, not paying any attention to the shadow of the wind-like fist.

He just glanced behind Liang Shi, and said, "Reverend Daoxuan?"

Liang Shi's fist stopped about five feet away from the young man, his handsome face was full of doubt and surprise.

As we all know, the master of Yanfa Palace is Daoxuan Daoxuan, but why does such a huge figure appear in the arena?

Liang Shi looked back curiously.

No one was there.

Just when he felt something was wrong instantly, there was an indescribable pain in the back of his head, as if he had been hit by something.

“Pain……”

The severe pain made him kneel on one knee involuntarily, his eyes darkened, and he almost passed out, and he managed to stay awake after exerting all his strength.

In a trance, I seemed to see a black bamboo stick, about three feet long.

"This is……"

Shen Yu stood in front of him and said seriously: "A few days ago, I picked up a stick when I was bored. When people in the country fight, they call this stick a sap."

Then another stick.

This time, Liang Shi couldn't speak anymore, rolled his eyes and passed out directly.

In the quiet square, only the chirping of fairy birds in the distant woods can be heard.

Everyone around the arena was stunned when they saw this scene.

No one knew when Shen Yu took out a sap stick from his bosom, and no one knew why he was able to remain so calm after doing such a brazen thing.

Shameless?

All the disciples felt such puzzlement in their hearts.

Shen Yu stood on the ring, her expression unchanged.

"Next."


		