

The man was dressed in a green shirt, and his handsome figure was rarely conspicuous on the high platform, because many people had already seen it once on Motianya.

It's just that they are still a little confused.

Why was Shen Yu able to get out of the Siguo Cliff that was restrained by the formation?

And he came here straight away.

Shang Yingluo, who was originally following Lou Lianzhao, rubbed her eyes vigorously, and jumped up happily after confirming again.

On the side of the high platform, Lu Wenyu was a little puzzled and asked, "How did he get out?"

Monk Huike thought for a while and said, "He is very powerful."

Lu Wenyu asked curiously: "Why, even Master Huike thinks this person is very powerful?"

Huike recalled the sword that was struck at the Shen family's old house in Nanhe City that night, and said seriously: "If his realm is the Taoist Immortal Ascension Boundary, I can't beat him."

Hearing this, Lu Wenyu's calm expression finally changed.

Master Huike of Lingyin Temple wanted to treat people sincerely and never told lies, so Lu Wenyu had no doubts about his evaluation.

Although Buddhist disciples are not good at fighting, if the fourth-ranked person in the academy's Lingyun list claims to be in the same realm, he is not an opponent, so how enchanting is this person's talent?

"Pity..."

Lu Wenyu felt a little regretful, shook his head and said: "If he walks the right path, my human race will definitely have another Fairyland True Immortal."

Hui Ke looked at the handsome figure on the field, neither refuted nor echoed.


Under the shocked and hostile eyes of countless people, Shen Yu said calmly, "Go back."

Ye Zhiqiu subconsciously took a few steps back.

Chen Jianzhi just came to his senses at this time, and shouted angrily: "How did you come out? What are you doing here."

He didn't do anything. There are three hall masters on the square of the Patriarch Hall, and there are countless elders and disciples from other Qifeng. He is not worried that Shen Yu will do something out of the ordinary.

"I'm here to compete."

Shen Yu glanced at him and said lightly.

"You are a body to be punished, what qualifications do you have to come here to participate in the competition?"

Daoist Daochen stood up, with a gloomy expression, and shouted into the distance: "Where is the disciple of the Law Enforcement Pavilion? You haven't taken him down yet."

Especially for the elders of the Qinglu Palace who are in charge of the sect's rules, Daozong has such an inhumane disciple, and dares to make trouble on such an important occasion as the sect competition. This is an insult to him.

With an order, several disciples from the Law Enforcing Pavilion of the Qing Law Hall rushed out at the same time.

"stop."

There was a voice in the distance, it was very calm, but it made all the disciples stop.

Because that person came from Yuansheng Hall, the most prestigious one among the four halls.

Daofan Daoist came slowly from a distance, and there were two people beside him.

Everyone looked at the few people who came from afar, all of them were moved.

A few days ago, no matter how lively and outrageous the Taoist rumors were, they never made a sound about it.

So what does it mean to be here now?

Su Mo is still like a gentle and jade-like scholar. As the eldest disciple of the sect master and the senior brother of the Taoist sect, he rarely appears in front of everyone, so he naturally attracts the attention of countless people.

Yang Liu was a little shy, she lowered her head slightly and followed behind the two of them.

Master Daochen frowned slightly, and said, "Senior Brother Daofan is here to protect that evil disciple."

Dao Fan looked cold, and said lightly: "No, Shen Yu suddenly appeared here, naturally he wanted to say something, and then he wanted to clarify some things."

Then he turned his head to look at Shen Yu and said, "Isn't it?"

Shen Yu didn't speak, but glanced around, saw Yu Wenwen, saw Su Mo, then Yang Liu, Shang Yingluo... and Ming Jian who was unconscious on the ground covered in blood, and several disciples were healing him .

Shen Yu said: "I am a disciple of Yuan Sheng Temple, why can't I participate?"

Sound and calm, with a hint of doubt.

Some disciples who didn't know the matter might think that Shen Yu was innocent.

But now the entire Taoist sect has already made a fuss over the incident in Nanhe City, so his words quickly made everyone start to despise him.

Daochen laughed back angrily, pointed at Shen Yu angrily and said: "Back then you killed your parents and killed twenty-six people from your family. After that, you went to Yunyang Temple in the southwest and beat to death the most benevolent Taoist priest who had done good deeds all his life. , and then burned the Taoist temple, implicating seven Taoist boys, such a person who has lost his humanity, is he qualified to ask why?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Did you see it with your own eyes?"

"It's hopeless, and you still want to get rid of the crime."

Master Dao Fan said in a deep voice, "How dare you swear the oath of Dao in front of everyone, don't you feel ashamed of yourself?"

Shen Yu heard this and turned around

"I killed Shen Yuanzhi, I also killed the supreme goodness of Yunyang Temple, and I also set Yunyang Temple on fire."

He looked at everyone in the four halls and seven peaks around the high platform, raised his volume, and said, "So what?"

As soon as this remark came out, it immediately caused an uproar.

Countless people looked at Shen Yu like a lunatic.


"They deserve death."

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and continued: "Back then, some people said that I was the reincarnation of Dixian, but Shen Yuan knew that he was old but was very afraid of death. He believed a certain Taoist's advice and wanted to eat my flesh and blood to prolong his life. So, they arrested me, cut my flesh and blood, and even let everyone in the Shen family share it, and you say, should they die or not."

Shen Yu's words were full of puzzlement and sadness.

No one could understand that a child who was only seven years old, in that deep house compound, usually amiable, kind and gentle relatives would eat people like a demon. They tied the child in the center of the main hall, and then began to cut his flesh and blood.

That good man from Nanhe City, Shen Yuanzhi, was about to die. In his eyes, his own life was actually more important than his own son. He even asked everyone in the Shen family to participate.

Everyone fell into madness, covered in blood, and some even chewed loudly.

That scene was like hell on earth.

People's joys and sorrows are always different, no one can see them, only Shen Yu is watching them silently.

"At the time, I was dying, but I didn't die in the end."

Shen Yu said calmly: "And they didn't want to die, but they all died."

The square of the Patriarch Hall was quiet, and everyone was extremely shocked by this pumpkin.

"You're talking nonsense."

Dao Fan was the first to break the silence, and said in a deep voice, "Even if they ate your flesh and blood, why did they die?"

Shen Yu looked at him without saying a word, just looked at him like an idiot.

"He is an innate Taoist body."

A cold voice sounded from one side, it turned out to be Lou Curtain Move, the master of Duzhen Hall.

Countless disciples who had been to Zongmen Zangshu Pavilion and looked at some Daozang finally thought of a possibility when they heard this sentence.

The true meaning of Dao is contained in the body of a person with innate Taoism. Although it is very weak, it is more poisonous than poison to ordinary people.

"That day, there were a few people with better physiques. After Dao Yi ravaged their internal organs, they didn't die, but their lives were worse than death. Shen Yuanzhi was among them."

Shen Yu looked at the crowd and asked, "They knelt on the ground and begged me to kill them. If it was you, would you kill them or not?"

The boy's tone was very flat, without any trace of hysteria, as if he was describing something that happened to someone else.

But it is this indifference that makes people more convincing.

This time, the disciples who didn't know the four halls and seven peaks were silent, and even the faces of the three hall masters showed a trace of turmoil.

What would happen if he was in the situation that Shen Yu was in that day?

Someone recalled the talent that Shen Yu had shown over the years, and the original guess was finally confirmed today.

Congenital body.

It turned out to be the same innate Taoist body as Yu Wenwen.

"What is the matter of Yunyang Temple?"

Academy Lu Wenyu walked over from a distance and asked calmly.

Shen Yu said: "The person who tells Shen Yuan that my flesh and blood can prolong life is the most good, so I killed him."

When the crowd heard this, there was another burst of noise.

Daoist Zhishan is a good man who is well-known in the Dali Dynasty, so he would do such a cruel thing?

Master Daofan shook his head and said, "This matter is just your one-sided story, which is not credible."

Lu Wenyu stopped in front of Shen Yu, and said seriously: "I will investigate this matter."

"I'm not here to reason with you."

Shen Yu said calmly: "I'm here to participate in the competition."

Daofan Daoist snorted coldly and said, "You are a body to be punished at this time, how can you participate?"

Shen Yu ignored him, and turned to look at the thin figure of Gaotai Zhishou,

Reverend Daoxuan was silent for a long time, and finally said: "Your seat has been replaced by Zhang Jian from Zuowang Peak."

There was no veto, and many people were surprised when they heard what the real person said.

Shen Yu nodded, then looked at Zhang Jian and said lightly: "Then just take it back."


		