

There have been a lot of weird news in Nanhe City recently.

First, there was a loud noise from the old Shen residence, which had been covered in dust for a long time, filled with smoke and dust, surrounded by black mist, and then a Buddha's light appeared, almost lighting up the entire Nanhe City.

The simple people in the city began to panic, and many people gathered around an alchemist who traveled from afar, asking if the twenty-seven souls who died in the Shen family were causing trouble.

There are also some people who seek peace talismans to keep their families safe.

Moreover, there are rumors that all the souls of the dead who appeared that day have been suppressed by the eminent monk who appeared later.

"Hmph, what these people said is correct, they are grudges, and the troublemakers are resentful ghosts who escaped from the underworld."

Hu Bufeng, the school guard of Nanhe Township, heard some rumors in the city from his confidant in the camp at this time, his eyes were full of disgust and anxiety.

Last night, I specially invited the strong man from Qingdi City, and even invited the eminent monk from the Lingyin Temple in the Western Regions. As a result, the arrogant guy in Qingdi City broke an arm, and the eminent monk returned without success. .

Qingdi City has always had a good relationship with the Dali Dynasty, and the disciples they carefully cultivated ended up in such an end in the territory they guarded. If the news reaches the capital, then my years of hard work in Nanhe City will become a thing of the past.

Hu Bufeng sometimes secretly regrets that if he was born in the school of the Tang Dynasty in Zhongzhou, the situation would be different.

Shaking his head to disperse his thoughts, Hu Bufeng began to think seriously about his next plan.

Master Hui Ke from Lingyin Temple heard that the man was named Shen Yu, he was really unscrupulous, that man was not even willing to keep his name incognito, he really didn't pay attention to the laws and rules of the Dali Dynasty.

Hu Bufeng once visited the Shen family's old house many years ago, and he was extremely displeased when he saw the young master of the Lu family. How could a child who was only six or seven years old have such indifferent eyes.

Your confidant You Da asked in a low voice: "General, what should we do now?"

"Killed my close relatives with my own hands, and killed a few mortals viciously. I don't believe he dared to openly challenge my Dali Dynasty."

Hu Bufeng squinted his eyes and murmured: "If this matter gets out, don't mention Zhongzhou Academy, even if it is a Daoist sect, is it possible that you dare to risk the world's displeasure to protect him?"


The border of Nanhe City.

Shen Yu didn't feel disappointed when he didn't get Zhu Jiu's whereabouts from that demon emperor.

After all, the three monks who caused him to fall back then were too mysterious, and those three fairy artifacts had never appeared in the Spirit Desolation Continent. If the demon emperor Zhujiu was around, he would have known about it after living with it for a long time. Clues from several monks.

It's a pity that after Shang Yang and Zhu Jiu had a life-and-death struggle, Zhu Jiu disappeared.

Shen Yu sighed lightly, if he hadn't mobilized the power of Dao left by him in his previous life, Shang Yang would definitely not leave easily, after all he is one of the strongest in this world.

The realm is still too low.

Yu Wenwen looked puzzled and asked, "What happened just now?"

Shen Yu said: "No."

Yu Wenwen frowned, still feeling a little weird in her heart.

Shen Yu didn't speak, and looked quietly at the abyss of the waterfall in the distance. As the vision of heaven and earth gradually dissipated, the torrent pouring down made a sky-shattering sound, and countless water vapor rose. Under the reflection of the sun, the abyss Gorgeous like a dream.

Yu Wenwen looked over there and said, "That monkey... succeeded in breaking through?"

Shen Yu nodded and said, "Yes."

Yu Wenwen's face was serious. A new Ascension Realm Demon King was born in the Demon Realm. This is an existence that cannot be ignored in the Linghuang Continent. Emperor Zhizong must be notified of this matter as soon as possible.

Shen Yu was thinking about other things at this moment.

The demon emperor Shang Yang knew his relationship with Shang Yingluo so well, he thought there must be an eyeliner sent by the demon domain in the Taoist sect, but who would that person be?

Yu Wenwen said: "I need to go back and report this matter to the teacher."

"Not urgent."

Shen Yu pondered for a while, and said, "Do you want to understand the meaning of the Dao?"

Yu Wenwen was stunned, and looked at Shen Yu puzzled.

Shen Yu pointed to the abyss under the waterfall, and said: "It's the best place to hone the Taoism, and there is also the Daoyi left by a demon king just after he crossed the catastrophe. Dare to come close."

Shen Yu said lightly: "It's a good place."

Yu Wenwen frowned tightly.

If ordinary people hear Shen Yu's words, they will definitely feel that there is something wrong with their brains, but Yu Wenwen is different. She has an almost paranoid pursuit of spiritual practice.

"By the Linyuan River, there is a Xuanyuan array left by the head to protect it, just to prevent people from crossing the border."

Yu Wenwen said seriously: "We can't go there at all."

Shen Yu looked at the irregular lines on the side of the river, he naturally knew about it, and said: 'If I say I can go there, I can go there, do you dare to go. '

Yu Wenwen raised her eyebrows and said, "Of course."

Shen Yu went first, followed by Yu Wenwen.

The next moment, two figures pierced the sky, thinking of rushing towards the abyss of the waterfall.

Close to that colorful space, on the north side of the river, there is a barrier that is visible to the naked eye and spans the entire long river. There are countless white lines flowing in the barrier, exuding a palpitating power.

The closer the two were to the abyss, the more violently that force boiled up.

Shen Yu took Yu Wenwen to the top of the huge waterfall of Linyuan River, without the slightest hesitation, crashed into the barrier.


There was a rapid bell ringing from the border town of Dali in the distance. It seemed that something important had happened. Countless soldiers in armor stood on the top of the city and watched from afar.

Huike raised his head suddenly at the Linyuan River, his expression changed drastically, and he stepped out and came to the huge waterfall, with golden light all over his body, and jumped into it without hesitation.

The next moment, he was instantly ejected by an invisible force, and fell heavily on the ground, drawing a deep mark on the ground with his body.

Monk Huike got up and spat out a mouthful of blood, but his face was full of confusion.

In Nanhe City, the alchemist who traveled here held the "life and death can be measured" gesture and looked at this scene with great interest, and shook his head: "Nowadays, no one knows the heights of the sky and the depths of the earth."

The alchemist sighed, stretched out his right hand unhurriedly, just about to make some action, but suddenly his eyes widened, and he looked like he saw a ghost.

"What's the matter, did the old man miss it? That kid is actually a fairyland true fairy?"


The two entered under the steamy waterfall.

in an instant.

Countless terrifying auras that destroy everything in the world flooded towards the two of them.

The momentum is mighty, almost comparable to the thunder from the sky when the monkey crossed the catastrophe before.

Yu Wenwen never imagined that Shen Yu would break into this place so easily. At this moment, her whole body was tense, and it was the first time that she felt that she was so close to death, and she couldn't resist it.

Her complexion turned pale, and her body subconsciously wanted to draw a sword to resist, but looking at the calm figure in the blue shirt in front of her, she suddenly felt more at ease, bit her lips tightly and did not speak.

Shen Yu felt the slight trembling of the woman beside her, and said, "Don't be afraid."

Then he closed his eyes, quickly made a dharma seal with his right hand, took a step forward, and disappeared in place with Yu Wenwen in an instant.

It seems like time flies.

Yu Wenwen was in a trance, and found herself standing on a huge river of spiritual energy, moving forward at top speed.

Shen Yu stood at the forefront, the green shirt on her body fluttering with the wind, while the majestic aura flowed past the two of them, completely ignoring them.

Yu Wenwen's eyes widened, looking at the scene in front of her in disbelief.

The two of them were walking forward in the dark abyss. After an unknown period of time, they only heard the sound of a crack!

Afterwards, the river of spiritual energy shattered, the mist that pervaded their bodies disappeared, and an unspeakable heat swept over their bodies.

A desolate scene was printed in the eyes of the two of them.

Surrounded by endless plains, countless withered giant trees lie on the ground, and there are some huge charred black pits in the distance, which are hundreds of feet deep, which is very spectacular.

Yu Wenwen looked up, but saw that the Linyuan River falling from the sky fell into a huge lake, and then meandered south along a long black river.

Only now did she realize that she had come to the Nanman Demon Realm, and she felt a dreamlike unreality in her heart.

The Dao Sect and the Nanman Monster Territory have been fighting each other for thousands of years, and now their two disciples of the Dao Sect broke in so easily.

And the previous barrier was a formation that Daozong had spent thousands of years arranging.

After landing on the ground, Shen Yu looked around and said, "This is where the monkey survived the tribulation."

Yu Wenwen collected herself, and asked with a complicated expression: "How many secrets do you have?"

"Not much, my Dao heart is relatively transparent and pure, and it is always easy to detect the true meaning of the Dao remaining between heaven and earth."

Shen Yu didn't want to continue talking about this topic, so he said: "We will go back to Jianzong during the Grain Rain next year, so hurry up and practice."

Yu Wenwen said, "Why did you help me?"

Shen Yu smiled and said, "Because you look good."

Yu Wenwen didn't speak, but looked at Shen Yu seriously.

At the end of the young man, he said helplessly: "Don't think too much, if you feel that you deserve it, please do me a favor after returning to Daozong."


In the depths of the Nanman Demon Territory, Emperor Mountain.

The middle-aged man walked casually along the mountain path, followed by a burly man two feet tall.

The man's face was ugly, his arms were extremely long, and his body was covered with golden hair. Every time he took a step, countless monster auras would radiate from his body, and finally floated slowly into the sky like a substance.

His ears twitched suddenly, and he looked north.

The middle-aged man smiled and said, "How do you feel? Little monkey."

The burly man, whose real name is Yuanyi, grinned after hearing this, scratched his head and said, "The sense of oppression that heaven and earth give me is getting smaller and smaller."

The monster is inherently strong physically, but its cultivation is not as intelligent as that of the human race. What's more, this monster is one of the few ancient monsters in the world, and the suppression given to it by heaven and earth is extremely strong.

This time, after going through several catastrophes, he finally broke through. Not only did his lifespan extend a lot, but his strength reached a terrifying level. It was a great help to the demon domain that had been suppressed by the human race.

It's just that even though his strength has increased dramatically at this time, what still shocks him is that even though he has broken through to the ascension state and achieved the body of the demon king, there is still a sense of distance that is unattainable when facing the middle-aged man in front of him.

It seems that on the road of cultivation, the opponent is already hundreds of millions of miles ahead of him.

What's even more frightening is that the higher the realm, the more obvious this sense of gap will be.

The middle-aged man said suddenly: "Order down, no monsters or beasts are allowed to enter within a thousand-mile radius of the Jiutian Waterfall on the Linyuan River."

There was a flash of astonishment in Yuan Yuan's eyes, but he still nodded habitually.

The man strolled in the courtyard and said lightly: "Don't understand?"

Ape nodded and asked, "Why do you value that kid?"

The demon emperor Shang Yang said casually: "This girl Yingluo has met a big man who reaches the sky, let's try to see if I can make him have a good impression of my demon clan."

Ape One didn't believe it, and continued to ask: "That's all?"

Shang Yang didn't continue to answer the former's puzzle, but squinted his eyes and looked up at the sky, saying: "The prophecy said by the old master, the prophecy in the book from heaven thousands of years ago, seems to be coming true. The Great Sacred Land has suppressed my Demon Realm for thousands of years, and finally it can give us a little respite."

The middle-aged man finally looked to the north and murmured, "Shen Yu, don't let me down."


		