

With the end of this journey, Li Fugui and Lu Caiwei left one after another.

Shen Yu originally thought that he was finally alone again, but dozens of disciples from the Law Enforcing Pavilion from Daozong stationed outside Guiyun Xianzong.

Guiyun Xianzong has been turned into ruins, and the purpose of their coming has disappeared, but they still did not choose to leave, and naturally it was not to scare those embarrassing Xianzong disciples.

There is only one reason.

Qing Emperor Cheng Liyi is coming here.

And he was targeting Shen Yu, but Shen Yu now represents the Taoist sect, and as a disciple of the Taoist sect, he would naturally not stand idly by when encountering such a thing.

Just how strong is Li Yi? This is what Yuan Carrier and many Taoist disciples are concerned about.

"Li Yi has practiced with this generation of Qingdi in Qingdi City since he was a child, and his strength is truly unfathomable."

Yuan Carrier said earnestly: "Everyone knows that Li Yi is among the top three on the Lingyun list, and martial arts practitioners who believe in proving the Tao with force are more powerful than the practitioners of the three religions, so no matter where he ranks in the top three, basically They can all be regarded as the pinnacle powerhouses of the younger generation in today's spiritual shortage."

What Yuan Zai said was very sincere, for Li Yi, who had just let Dao Zong's face be disgraced, it was not an excuse to exalt him so much.

It was only because Senior Brother Shen in front of him didn't seem to care about this matter at all, and it was still calm all day long, so he couldn't help but speak out.

In the past few days, eating, sleeping, walking, and being in a daze are Shen Yu's daily routine.

At this time, Shen Yu was standing on the edge of a small hillside, sitting cross-legged, traveling thousands of miles.

Did not get any reply, Yuan Zai was silent for a while at the back, and said: "The disciples of the Law Enforcing Pavilion are seriously injured. Why don't Senior Brother Shen follow us back to the Dao Sect and wait for the opening of the third floor of the academy in a year's time?"

This kind of statement is obviously a bit implicit, and the implicit meaning is to let Shen Yu temporarily avoid the edge and return to Daozong first.

As long as he returned to the sect, not to mention Li Yi, even Qing Emperor Song Nulai would be in vain.

Shen Yu opened her eyes upon hearing this, then shook her head slightly.

"Why?"

Yuan bears a little puzzled, although Shen Yu once defeated Fang Hen who was ranked 15th in the Lingyun list, but Fang Hen and Li Yi are not at the same level.

Shen Yu didn't answer, but just asked: "The Emperor Wu's city is far away in the west, why did you come here all of a sudden?"

Yuan Carrier said: "There is a phenomenon of heaven and earth in the north of Dongzu Prefecture. It is rumored that the residence of a certain great practitioner in ancient times was opened, and monks from all over the world went to that place."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Is it true?"

The Linghuang Continent has a vast territory. Among the strange mountains and dangerous seas, there are countless residences of great practitioners. There are so many news about the birth of such rare treasures, half-truths and half-false. Only some top sects can know the first time True or false, Daozong is naturally included in this list.

Yuan Bearing thought for a while, and said: "I didn't get any news when I came out, but the trip to Qingdi City is huge, so I guess it's true."

"Um."

Shen Yu nodded slightly.

Yuan Bearing waited for a while, but still couldn't help asking: "What's the plan, Senior Brother Shen?"

"I still have a lot of things to do, so I can't go back."

Shen Yu thought for a while and said, "Since he's coming here, I'll wait for him."

Yuan Zai was dumbfounded, and said, "Senior brother Shen Yu... are you sure?"

Shen Yu shook her head.

There are nine realms of warriors, and Li Yi must have stepped above the sixth realm, which is much stronger than Ximen Guan who has half a foot in the Shangdujie realm, so he can't beat it now.

Yuan bearing a little collapsed, helplessly said: "Then what does Senior Brother Shen mean?"

"I just want to meet the peak powerhouses of today's younger generation."

Shen Yu sighed, and said seriously: "And Li Fugui said that he should pay attention to face when he walks in the rivers and lakes. It just so happens that I am also a person who wants to save face. He promised to come to me. If I run away like this, wouldn't it be very embarrassing?"


After hearing Shen Yu's reasons, Yuan Zai couldn't recover for a long time, and finally left silently, not bothering him for some reason.

Shen Yu finally felt quieter and was very satisfied.

There are many things to do when I come out this time, one of which is to meet some of the strongest members of the younger generation in Linghuang.

If he is stronger than he used to be, then defeat them.

As for whether it is Li Yi or whether there is any hatred, it doesn't matter to him.

In the next few days, the weather was calm, but some news came from outside one after another.

A brilliant ray of light pierced the sky somewhere in the north of Dongzu Prefecture, and then the aura of heaven and earth surged violently, and auspiciousness descended, and the radiant brilliance shocked half of the sky.

It turned out that the rumors about the birth of the great ancient cultivator's cave were true, and judging from the fluctuations in the aura of heaven and earth, there must be some powerful treasure appearing.

"There are several powerful restrictions in the Immortal Mansion, and all the practitioners gathered here are trying to break the restrictions."

"It's just too complicated. In the end, everyone shot together and forcibly broke that powerful restriction."

"Li Yi of Qingdi City brought the same door and rushed in together."

"There are traps every step of the way in the Yifu, and there are countless formation organs. There is even a strange beast that has been sleeping for thousands of years. It wakes up, and countless practitioners who went to hunt for treasure suffered heavy casualties."

One after another, the news kept spreading from afar to Jiang Zhouyao's attic, and then to Shen Yu's ears.

Shen Yu didn't care about these things, but just practiced silently.

one day.

Jiang Zhouyao came from afar, and the surrounding Taoist disciples stood up to show respect.

Just hearing about that shocking fight between gods and immortals already made one feel admiration, and the people of Dao Sect respected the strong one the most.

Jiang Zhouyao opened his mouth and said, "Li Yi came out of that abdicated mansion yesterday, but no one knows what he got."

Shen Yu looked at the mountains in the distance.

Jiang Zhou smiled and said, "It should be on the way."

Shen Yu said: "It's too slow, I've been waiting for a long time."

His tone was calm, so that others could hear him, thinking that he was waiting for a close friend.

Jiang Zhouyao was not surprised by Shen Yu's reaction, no matter what, Guiyun Xianzong has the mountain guardian beast, even if he fights it, it won't cause any trouble.

"You really don't care?" Jiang Zhouyao said with a smile.

Naturally, he can see more than Yuan Chengjie, and he can also perceive Shen Yu's subtle changes. There may be some things about face, but he can't believe it all.

And based on his understanding of Shen Yu, the latter's repeated insistence on doing something has been able to prove a certain problem.

Shen Yu was just silent.

Of course he cared a little bit.

Li Yi gave him a sentence, and the meaning of disdain and contempt contained in that sentence was so strong.

If it's just that, then forget it.

But the most important thing is that he is really not the opponent's opponent now, so this feeling makes him very bad, even a little angry.

Three thousand years ago, he had a similar feeling several times, but his opponents were all immortals who had reached the sky, and he had never had a single person of the same generation.

Shen Yu said: "Since we're here, we will naturally have a fight."

Jiang Zhouyao asked: "The difference in realm is too big, how to fight?"

Shen Yu thought for a while and said, "That will break the boundary."

During these days, Shen Yu's realm that had been stable for a long time also began to loosen.

Yuan carries a man in a daze, but actually he is just mobilizing his spiritual power to regulate the restlessness in his body.

The voice just fell.

The heavy snow accumulated within ten miles around Shen Yu began to tremble slightly, and strands of pure spiritual power continued to emanate from Shen Yu's body.

All the Taoist disciples around looked over with surprised and shocked expressions.

Shen Yu looked into the distance, and at the edge of the lake was a sword-hanging grass that was still standing proudly in the cold winter.

Yang Liu once said that Shen Yu's breakthrough is as simple as eating and drinking.

That may be the case.

The next moment, Shen Yu said, "Broken."

The hanging sword grass instantly turned into smoke and dust.

Then Shen Yu stepped into the Realm of the Cave.


		