

Yu Wenwen was a little annoyed, this guy was really speechless, she was about to say something, but she saw another scene that surprised her.

The handsome young man walked up to the raccoon that had already lost its vitality, and stretched his right hand forward.

The cub who just opened his eyes looked confused, then pushed against the body of the fox with difficulty, and let out a childish cry.

Without getting any response, the little guy turned his head slowly and called out to the boy softly.

Shen Yu pointed to Linghu and said, "This is your mother, unfortunately she is dead, but you have to remember it."

After speaking, the boy pointed to himself again, "I'm not your father, you have to remember that."

The young fox blinked his dark blue eyes with a confused look on his face.

Yu Wenwen looked at the scene in front of her curiously.

Shen Yu stood up and explained: "One thing to say, I don't like being a father."

Yu Wenwen said, "You are an interesting person."

Shen Yu smiled and said, "It's a good thing you didn't say I'm a good person."

Afterwards, Shen Yu found a stream not far from the forest and sat aside to wash the blood off her body.

Yu Wenwen bathed the young fox on the other side. The little guy was obedient, but his head was always facing Shen Yu's direction. The two pointed ears have been erected high all the time, for fear that the other party will disappear.

Half an hour later, Shen Yu walked out of the creek, and the little fox cub followed closely beside Shen Yu's feet, biting the bottom of her trousers from time to time to remind Shen Yu not to forget it, but the little guy was too small, After walking a few steps, he fell hard, then got up again and continued to follow.

Yu Wenwen looked at this scene and said with a smile: "It seems that it likes you very much."

Shen Yu didn't know who she remembered, and murmured, "There's another one."


There are already many people gathered at the foot of the mountain.

A long time has passed, Ye Zhiqiu and Shang Yingluo have already come down from the mountain, but Shen Yu is still missing.

Could it be that Shen Yu has reached the top? The coercion at the foot of the mountain has already made everyone unable to resist, let alone the top of the mountain.

Yan Qingshu's brows were tightened, she was faintly worried, wondering if she should go up and look for it.

Shang Yingluo had a big heart, she sat cross-legged at the back of the crowd, she couldn't stop touching her stomach, but she was a little hungry.

She didn't think that Shen Yu would be in danger because he couldn't bear the pressure of Lingbao on the top of the mountain.

This experience of Fenbaoya's coercion also attracted the attention of several senior brothers in Qinglu Hall. In the distance, there were three or five people standing under a tall green pine tree. They looked stern and wore azure blue disciple clothing.

One of them, wearing a crescent crown on his head, long sleeves and good at dancing, with a hint of arrogance on his handsome face, was born to be the focus of the crowd.

Everyone talked in a low voice, it turned out that this person was actually a direct disciple of the Master of the Qing Law Hall, the famous Tianjiao Chen Jianzhi.

He has a distinguished status, the Master of the Qing Law Palace is in charge of the punishment of Dao Zong, and Chen Jianzhi is his disciple, who is only in his twenties and replaces his master to supervise the young disciples in the sect.

It's really a dragon and a phoenix among people.

I just don't know why such characters appear here.

Someone suddenly let out an exclamation, and everyone followed his gaze.

It turned out that it was Shen Yu who appeared on the stone steps at the foot of the mountain, but it was not the handsome young man who made them exclaim, but another beautiful woman in red.

The alluring woman was holding a white raccoon in her hand.

The breeze blows, the woman's blue hair floats, and the red dress sways with the wind, like a fairy coming to the world.

All the disciples seemed to be insane.

The eyes of the girls were full of envy and longing, while the men looked at Shen Yu with jealousy, admiration, and more envy.

Yan Qingshu also came from Duzhen Palace, and she knew the temperament of her junior sister Yu very well, so she couldn't hide her surprise when she saw this scene.

The face of the handsome man in the distance became more and more gloomy, as cold as frost.


Yu Wenwen looked at the crowd not far away, and said, "You are very popular."

Shen Yu said: "Their focus is not on me."

Yu Wenwen smiled and did not speak. Over the years, she has long been used to such scenes, so she casually handed over the raccoon in her hand.

Shen Yu took it and walked side by side with her.

This scene caused another exclamation.

"Did you see that Senior Sister Yu actually gave that kid a spirit raccoon?"

"What does this represent, a token of love? How can this be..."

"Why not, Taoism has never prevented disciples from forming Taoist companions, even among the seven peaks, there are quite a few."

Yu Wenwen's state is advanced, so she naturally heard what everyone said, even though she was indifferent, she was also a little ashamed at this time.

"I'm leaving first, if you need anything, you can come to Duzhen Hall to find me." When the two reached the foot of the mountain, the woman turned and left after leaving a word.

Shen Yu looked at the tall figure going away, then stroked Linghu's hair, and said, "You should follow her."

"Woo."

The raccoon yelled, a little confused.

"Shen Yu, where is the little guy from, so cute."

Shang Yingluo ran over, took the raccoon from Shen Yu's arms, and rubbed vigorously on its soft fur.

For some reason, the originally quiet spirit raccoon suddenly trembled all over his body, huddled together, and shivered.

Shen Yu didn't care, just looked around, and finally felt the strange atmosphere around her.

"What are they looking at themselves doing?"

"What does Uncle Yan's eyes mean? Appreciation and encouragement?"

"And the guy at the farthest distance, who looks like a tree facing the wind, why is he so stern? Do I owe him money?"


Late at night, people are not quiet.

Everyone casually lit a few piles of bonfires at the foot of the mountain, and meditated together in twos and threes. There was still a month before the opening of Fenbaoya, and no one wanted to return to Qingcuiping.

Shen Yu was sitting at a place far away, flipping a three-feathered golden pheasant casually. This kind of spirit beast with a hint of aura is everywhere. Shen Yu's craftsmanship is good, and soon the air is filled with tempting fragrance.

Although everyone has entered the Taoist realm, and some have been bigu for a long time, they are still attracted by the fragrance.

This young man was much more serious when roasting chicken than when he was practicing.

Shang Yingluo was chasing the little raccoon, and she had already named the little one, Shaobing.

The little girl stubbornly believed that the names of delicious things were nice, and the little raccoon no longer had any fear after a short contact with her, and followed her happily to play.

In the distance, several senior brothers from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty did not leave.

Chen Jianzhi had been observing for an entire afternoon, until he saw Shen Yu leisurely roasting the chicken, his face sank like water, and finally he clenched his fists and walked over.


The fire flickered.

Shen Yu looked up, and the most eye-catching thing was the Taoist crown with silver light on the opponent's head, and then the handsome and gloomy face.

Shen Yu felt his hostility, which he often encountered many years ago.

Shen Yu is still hesitating whether to say hello to this person.

The handsome man said, "Are you Shen Yu?"

Shen Yu sighed secretly, followed by these few sentences.

The handsome man said coldly, "Stay away from her."

The man looked at the young man proudly, and continued: "My name is Chen Jianzhi, Chen Jianzhi, the Enforcement Pavilion of the Palace of Laws of the Qing Dynasty."

Shen Yu sighed and looked at the sky full of stars, thinking that such a clichéd plot would still be boring even after three thousand years.


		