

This attack was too late to prevent, and the sea was like a sea of ​​flames, attracting everyone's attention.

A young man appeared on the nine-story building, standing against the wind.

The man looks feminine, but the purple gown is extremely attractive, and there is a fan hanging from his waist, which looks chic.

Shen Yu raised her head slightly, but instead of looking over there, she looked at the disappearing 'mirror' in front of the boat.

Just when the light from the mirror was about to shine on him, the feminine man's attack affected the mirror, so the ghost's telepathy was forced to stop.

Shen Yu felt a little regretful for some reason, when he saw himself in the mirror when he was crossing Yaochi, he didn't know what would happen now.

Most will remain the same.

But I have almost forgotten what I used to be, if I saw it again, how would I feel then?

"Xi Jiu of Liubo Mountain, the proud disciple that Liubo Mountain focuses on cultivating, is also ranked eighth in the Lingyun list."

Su Mo paused for a while, and explained: "The fan hanging around his waist is not a vulgar thing, it is a magic weapon of Liubo Mountain, which can control the wind and thunder and the five elements."

Shen Yu withdrew her thoughts and said oh.

Xi Jiu's complexion was soft, but his temperament was extremely domineering and fierce. Once he succeeded in a blow, his offensive did not diminish at all. He held the jade fan at his waist and swung it forward heavily. Absolutely left in agitation.

The surface of the sea exploded again, and then there was the wailing and crying of ghosts again.

As the telepathy disappeared, countless people opened the windows to watch this scene in shock, and then talked about it.

"Xi Jiu of Liubo Mountain is so cultivated, has he successfully stepped into the upper three realms?"

"Three years after the academy topped the cloud list, it is estimated that the cards will be reshuffled again."

"It's terrible, it's terrible. Compared with the genius who was also deviant at Liubo Mountain, Xi Jiu seems to be more reluctant."

Shen Yu listened to these people's arguments, but didn't pay attention to them, she just moved her eyes down.

The originally dead and calm sea water began to boil quietly.

Su Mo raised his right hand to his forehead and looked into the distance. The distance was a little far away, so he could only squint his eyes and said, "Looking at this situation, he wants to kill the ghost."

Shen Yu didn't comment, but just left an inexplicable sentence, "You really are a fool."

The howling of the ghost continued, and it seemed that there was no resistance at all.

The sea became more and more turbulent, and the ship began to slowly tilt left and right, which was very dangerous.

Xi Jiu kept waving his fan, with a haughty expression on his face, as if nothing happened.

Shen Yu began to frown.

Some old people also realized that something was wrong.

Shen Yu glanced at the bow of the ship.

Just then,

Abnormal protrusion.

"boom!"

The surface of the sea exploded, and a giant black claw like a tentacle stretched out into the bow of the ship, knocking the two middle-aged men and women flying tens of feet away, then rolled up the two children and quickly fell into the sea.

The sound of devil crying in the distance disappeared instantly, and the sea became calm.

It all came too fast.

When everyone turned their heads with astonished faces, the attack was over.

Everyone was frightened and shocked.

Originally, there were a few people present who were capable of saving, but they were too concerned about the changes of the ghosts in the distance, so they ignored the immediate crisis.

After a while, the two middle-aged couples panicked and cried for help from the cabin.

Several benevolent old men in the cabin frowned, showing hesitation.

If they were in the cabin or on land, they might still be able to save him, but in the waters of this innocent sea, facing the ubiquitous ghosts, it is really equivalent to courting death.

It's really not worthwhile to sacrifice your own foundation of the Great Dao without knowing each other before and without cause and effect.

What's more, the biological parents of the two children on the boat, both of whom can be regarded as cultivators of acceptable realm, are only concerned with blaming each other at this moment, but they have never thought or acted to go into the water, let alone the others.

On the edge of a pavilion on the ninth floor of the ship, the deacon from Yaochi who came to be in charge of the ship's internal affairs bent slightly, and gestured to an old man with an unknown background.

The old man casually drank the cup of spiritual tea, and said lightly: "I warned you in advance, it's not worth it to ask for death."

The charming female deacon whispered: "This is a bit weird."

Over the years, you ghost has never taken the initiative to attack a practitioner except for the supernatural power of the mind mirror.

Why?

The old man looked thoughtful, and said: "This is indeed a problem. I will look into it when the time comes, so I can't ruin my old man's business."

Yao Chi has always only accepted women, but a deacon sent by Yao Chi respects a man so much, it is really very strange.

In fact, this old man is the owner of this ship, and the only descendant of Mohism left in the world.

The ship across Wuwanghai is equipped with a giant formation to resist the ghosts, such uncanny accomplishments, even Yao Chi respects it very much.

bow.

Shen Yu looked at the gradually calming sea, showing no surprise.

The specter was transformed from heaven and earth, so it shouldn't be so weak, but if it really showed its weakness on purpose, it could only mean...it was preparing something.

Shen Yu thought of this, so he was also the only one who saw this scene in its entirety.

As for why the ghosts took the initiative to attack people, there are also reasons.

The ghost is close to water, and the boy happens to be a water-type spirit body, which is a great complement to the ghost.

It's just that although the reason makes sense, Shen Yu's eyes are still a little puzzled.

Shen Yu said: "I'll go down and have a look, senior brother doesn't need to wait for me, I will go to Yaochi by myself."

Su Mo frowned slightly.

In his opinion, Shen Yu has never been a person who is willing to meddle in other people's affairs.

Shen Yu explained: "Something is wrong, I'm bored to see it."

Su Mo didn't ask any further questions, but nodded and said, "Junior Brother, hurry up and come back."

Shen Yu stomped her feet lightly, and her body was faintly protected by light blue spiritual power, followed by a splash of water on the sea surface, and then completely disappeared.

No one saw the whole process except Su Mo.


The sea is cold, even chilly, and more importantly, poisonous.

After Shen Yu fell into the sea, she was protected by blue light all over her body without any influence. She sneaked in the water and then swam deeper.

The water was dim, but Shen Yu's eyes were bright, as if he could see the bottom of the sea.

As time went by, Shen Yu's figure became faster and faster.

He calculated the time and the poisonous gas contained in the seawater, the two children should not last long.

After sneaking for an unknown amount of time, a faint light began to emerge from the bottom of the sea like an abyss and black hole.

Shen Yu got closer, and found that those granular light spots turned out to be countless night pearls, floating in their fixed positions, illuminating the world.

Shen Yu's face became serious.

From the traces left here, and the faint breath in the sea, it is not difficult to find that there are people here, and they have lived for a while.

A man who lives in the deep sea?


		