

Lu Caiwei was a little dazed by the sudden joy, her eyes were confused.

Not long ago, she even lost her quota to enter the Guiyun Immortal Sect, but now she is valued by the ancient holy land that can only be heard in rumors, and she really can't recover.

Lu Caiwei stared blankly at Shen Yu.

Shen Yu didn't speak.

The scene was a little quiet.

The saint who was praised by the world as the most talented saint in the millennium of Yaochi did not urge her.

She just stood there, as if she could attract everyone's attention.

Because she has a power.

The surrounding spiritual power directly revealed between her brows, covering the sky and covering the earth in all directions, as if forming a small world of its own.

Seeing this scene, Shen Yu thought it was true.

There are many most powerful physiques in the world, such as the innate body of Taoism, the holy fetus of warriors, the innate sword body of sword cultivators, and the most respected body of heavenly spirits in the world.

He heard from Su Mo that when the saintesses of Yaochi were born with a vision, the spiritual power of heaven and earth formed a waterfall, pouring into the body like a curtain of sky, shocking the world.

As a result, when I saw it today, it was really the legendary body of the heavenly spirit.

Not only that, I heard that Kunlun Wanjianyi and Yaochi He Pianpian are both future Taoists of the lineage of ancient qi trainers, and there are even vague rumors that the two will become Taoist couples in the future, so the physique that can rival the body of the heavenly spirit is natural Also obvious.

Kunlun Wanjianyi is very likely to be the body of the legendary fairy.

Thinking of this, Shen Yu suddenly became energetic for some reason, and there was a trace of fighting spirit in his eyes for an unprecedented time.

In the last life, all people with these two physiques were strong in the practice world, without any exception.

And in this world, various arrogance and evildoers are born one after another, and it is bound to be another world of vast battles, and the stars are bound to shine.

The battle for the Great Dao in the Nine Holy Lands, the path of cultivation will become more and more cruel, and it will also become more and more magnificent. For him, it is something worth looking forward to.

Shen Yu finally said: "That place is good, go there if you want."

Yaochi Holy Land only accepts women, but the women who can enter it are all talented people, so it is naturally the best choice for her to enter there.

Lu Caiwei saw Shen Yuhun's appearance of not keeping the house, she was a little angry for some reason, and said, "I won't go."

Everyone behind He Pianpian showed a look of surprise.

"Why?"

After He Pianpian finished speaking, she suddenly glanced at Shen Yu, it's okay, but that's all.

She has a natural sensitivity to the aura of heaven and earth, so she can feel the level of the opponent's realm, neither high nor low, and she has reached the golden core state of Taoism at such an age, which is also average.

Lu Caiwei shook her head and said, "I have my own things to do."

He Pianpian pondered for a while, then calmly said: "Maybe you don't know your talent yet, can you take a step to speak."

After she finished speaking, she glanced at Shen Yu.

Shen Yu felt a little funny, Lu Caiwei, a silly girl, didn't know the gravity of this opportunity, but he knew it well.

But he didn't expect the dignified Yaochi saintess to explain so patiently and carefully. The Yaochi saintess he knew 3,000 years ago was not like this.

Shen Yu stood up and walked towards the distance.

After half an hour.

Lu Caiwei bounced to Shen Yu's side.

Shen Yu looked at the seven long silks in the distance, and said, "I don't know if you are stupid or smart."

Lu Caiwei looked calm, without any regret, and said, "Hey, I will be stronger and more beautiful than her in the future."

Shen Yu was a little puzzled.

Lu Caiwei did not continue this topic at all, and asked, "Do you practice the way of holding a sword or the way of controlling a sword?"

Shen Yu thought for a while, and said seriously: "These are no different to me now."

Lu Caiwei's eyes widened, her face full of disbelief.

Shen Yu smiled and said, "Then it's Yujian."

"Okay! Then I've decided."

Lu Caiwei said confidently: "In the future, I will learn how to control the sword and become the most powerful sword fairy in the world, and then I will beat you until you run away."

Shen Yu looked at the sky and said, "It seems that what she said gave you a lot of confidence?"

Lu Caiwei raised her head high, and said proudly: "This lady is supposed to be very talented, so you just wait to die in the future."

The corner of Shen Yu's mouth raised slightly, oh, the cloud was calm and the wind was light.

Maybe this silly girl will never know how great a chance she has. Just the Sword Control Technique that Shen Yu didn't name is already the most precious thing in the world, not to mention that Shen Yu even polished it for her personally. Dantian and meridians in the body.

The reason why He Pianpian in Yaochi is like this is naturally because she values ​​Lu Caiwei's current aptitude at a glance, like a rough jade that has not been carved, but has her own brilliance among all living beings.


Along the way, apart from stopping at some historic sites, the two of them would fight for righteousness, slay demons and eliminate demons. If it weren't for the route closely following the long queue of convoys, Lu Caiwei really thought that she had become a wandering rivers and lakes The chivalrous woman.

On the edge of a turbulent river, Lu Caiwei, who was finally able to wield the Jade Sword as she wished, almost instantly killed a carp spirit in the water.

On a remote and uninhabited mountain, I encountered dozens of murderous road bandits. In the end, Lu Caiwei, who killed someone for the first time in her life, squatted on the side of the road, vomiting so much that she couldn't stand still.

The most thrilling time was when I met two casual cultivators who cooperated tacitly, a warrior and a practitioner. The two violently killed the practitioner. Lu Caiwei, who was in a hurry, finally killed the practitioner with all her strength. As for the other martial artist , was pierced through the heart by Shen Yu's sword.

Most of the time, it's not that other people make trouble for them, but that Shen Yu can make trouble for others, so along the way, they fight all the way. Over time, Lu Caiwei's beautiful eyes also have a faint look of sharpness.

That little girl who didn't know anything before finally seemed to have matured a bit.

As she got closer to her original goal, Lu Caiwei became more and more silent.

Return to the mountain gate of Yunxianzong.

arrive.

As the convoy slowly entered the mountain gate, which was tens of feet high, it also symbolized the end of this journey.

Shen Yu overlooked from a mountain peak, row upon row of palaces, peaks one after another, misty clouds, this top practice school in Dongzu Prefecture is like a fairy palace, with countless fairy spirits.

The reason why Shen Yu was really interested in this place at the beginning was because he heard a news in Cangmang Town.

Guiyun Xianzong has a mountain-protecting beast that has survived for thousands of years. It can speak human words, swallow clouds and fog, cast spells and transform into forms, and cultivate with the aura of heaven and earth. It can be said to have extraordinary supernatural powers.

Everything related to three thousand years ago is very interesting to him now.

Lu Caiwei just looked at the huge sect with the four characters Guiyun Xianzong silently, with a dazed expression.

This nearly one-year journey is really too bizarre.

More importantly, her tutor is said to be buried behind this mountain gate.

Lu Caiwei asked: "How to get in?"

Shen Yu thought for a while and said, "I heard that Guiyun Xianzong will have a grand meeting in a few days."

Lu Caiwei smiled and said, "Then we'll get in."

Shen Yu nodded and said, "Yes."


		