

The middle-aged sloppy man taught Qingshan a set of marksmanship, which in the eyes of the young man seemed to be able to be described in a simple sentence.

Old and powerful.

The man who has always been idle on weekdays holds the spear, just like the god of war, the spear is like a dragon, superb, seeing Qingshan dumbfounded, there is only one thought in his mind.

"It turns out that's how guns are played."

Looking at the long spear waving in front of him, Qing Shan was a little worried, and said, "I'm afraid I won't be able to learn it."

The middle-aged man lazily said: "It doesn't matter, just remember the moves, don't ask for spear intent, just look a little bit."

Aoyama nodded half understanding.

the second day.

It was still daylight, and just as Shen Yu opened the door, Qingshan was already quietly waiting outside the courtyard.

There was a sound of breaking through the air.

The villagers who came and went and got up early saw two or three things and then left, without seeing any names.

Shen Yu sat on a small bench by the fence with a calm expression.

Qingshan was a little nervous, and he was a bit unfamiliar with his skills. He was a little awkward playing with a long spear. He lost the chicness of yesterday, and he could stop there to recall the moves if he forgot the moves halfway.

Shen Yu was not impatient at all, and watched silently.

"Give me the spear."

Shen Yu suddenly interrupted the other party.

Qing Shan was slightly taken aback, and handed over the spear.

Shen Yu held the spear, and then slowly began to cast it in the yard.

The gun was not fast, and the tip of the gun drew tracks in the air.

In Qingshan's eyes, this young immortal is different from the domineering uncle of the wine shop, but he is a few of them.

It seems like a long stream of fine water, and the sun shines in winter.

Shen Yu threw the spear over and said, "Practice every morning and evening for three years."

Qing Shan subconsciously nodded.

"go back."

Shen Yu continued: "Then show him."

He is naturally a middle-aged man in the restaurant.

Shen Yu had previously told the man his understanding of the way of the gun through Qingshan's mouth, and the latter immediately expressed his attitude.

That is to teach Qingshan to practice guns, and then speak with practical actions.

So Shen Yu also responded at this moment.

Qing Shan scratched his head, and repeated again: "It's a bit difficult, I'm afraid I won't be able to learn it."

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then said: "It doesn't matter, remember the moves, don't ask for spear intent, just look a little bit."

Qing Shan left the room with a strange expression, thinking that these two gods are really incomprehensible, and they even said exactly the same words.


In the days that followed, Qingshan was like a messenger between the two, running back and forth, extremely busy.

In her spare time, Shen Yu taught Qingshan how to practice spears, and most of the time she closed her eyes and rested her mind. Of course, the most important thing was to heal her injuries.

The mountain village is remote and desolate, and news from the outside world cannot come in.

So Shen Yu has been a little irritable recently.

At the beginning, on the high platform of Qianliu City, he was beaten thousands of miles away by the woman Zhenxian with three swords, but he still had some things to do.

The Yang family's father and daughter are still in the city, and Yan Nantian is not dead yet.

God knows what will happen next.

Shen Yu looked at the sky and frowned, thinking that he should have killed Yan Nantian with that knife in the first place, so that there would be no trouble.

"God, what are you thinking?"

The familiar childish voice sounded again.

Shen Yu turned her head and said, "It's so fast this time."

Qingshan smiled and said: "No, uncle said he wanted to see you, and invited the gods to go to the wine shop for a drink."

Shen Yu was silent.

Qingshan was stunned for a moment, and asked unsurely, "Isn't it convenient for the gods?"

Shen Yu looked at the spear in the opponent's hand again, and said, "Let's go."


The restaurant is very small, with only one lobby.

The surrounding wine jars were covered with dust, and there were a few scattered jars on the ground, exuding an unpleasant smell.

Shen Yu stepped over the low threshold, and then saw the middle-aged man.

His face was full of stubble, he was dressed in coarse linen, his eyes were squinted, and he was sleeping soundly.

Qingshan stood between the two of them, was about to wake him up, but suddenly rolled his eyes and fell asleep.

With a calm expression, Shen Yu picked up Qingshan and placed it on the wooden table beside him.

"I heard that Daozong gave birth to Yu Wenwen, who is rare in a hundred years, but she is a woman."

The middle-aged man opened his eyes and said: "I didn't expect that the disciples taught by Daozong these years are so terrifying. It seems that the smelly bull-nosed man has some skills these years."

Shen Yu didn't ask the other party how he knew he was from the Dao Sect, but said lightly: "I didn't expect that there are two innate Dao bodies in a small village deep in the mountains."

The middle-aged man played with taste: "With you, isn't it three?"

Shen Yu looked at the sleepy young man and said, "Since you know, why do you do this?"

Shen Yu's words were difficult to understand, but only middle-aged men could understand them.

He once gave Qingshan a spear.

The long spear only possesses a vast spear intent, but also has the endless ghost and hostility once contaminated.

Naturally, it doesn't affect him who is a master of spear skills, but it is extremely inappropriate for Qingshan, even if he is an innate Taoist body.

So as time goes by, the mind will undergo irreversible changes subtly.

Later, Shen Yu took the initiative to teach him marksmanship.

The man's biography, the myriad changes of the spear technique.

Shen Yu's preaching is the heart of righteousness and the elimination of evil.

The former lies in the technique, while the latter lies in the heart.

The middle-aged man was noncommittal, and said coldly: "If you can't even overcome this thing, what do you do with a gun, and you die."

Shen Yu didn't refute, but just silently looked at this and that spear.

The middle-aged man smiled and said, "Did you like it?"

Shen Yu said: "The hostility and resentment above the spear are not strong, but they are very dense, so dense that they cannot be removed."

"Um?"

"You should have killed a lot of people."

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then said lightly: "One hundred thousand people."


Shen Yu's meaning was very cryptic, but the middle-aged man could understand every sentence.

Back then, 100,000 people died in the ghost city of Fengdu, and they were killed by a powerful practitioner. The killing intent and blood stained the entire city red.

The world knows it.

The middle-aged man's expression remained unchanged, he picked up the wine jar and took a sip, and said, "It is rumored that that person is a Taoist cultivator, and I play with guns, how could it be me."

"You have a relationship with Daozong, and many people know that people from Daozong are not necessarily Daoist cultivators."

Shen Yu replied: "And since I am also an innate Taoist body, I can naturally see more things."

The middle-aged man raised his eyebrows and said, "Who told you that I have something to do with Daozong?"

"breath."

Shen Yu said lightly: "As far as I know, only people from the Taoist sect have that shameless aura."

The middle-aged man was taken aback for a moment, and then he couldn't help laughing heartily. The laughter spread throughout the village, and it was strange that no one seemed to hear it.

Shen Yu said: "It seems that you really come from Taoism."

"So what if it is, so what if it's not, I have nothing to do with it now."

The middle-aged man pursed his lips and said, "Tell me, what do you need from me? Did you get beaten outside? The saber energy in your body looks a little creepy to me. It's hard that you haven't screamed yet."

Shen Yu cut to the chase and said, "Someone should come to me in a few days, and I need you to stop me."

The man rubbed his chin, playing with taste: "What if I don't agree?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Then I will go to the academy and report you."

The man's eyes widened, and he said, "At least we came from the same place. The Daoist sect wants to exterminate relatives righteously now? Do you want to talk about the morality of the same sect?"

Shen Yu said calmly, "It's none of my business."


		