

Countless people were shocked by his words.

Although everyone knows that Zuowangfeng Zhang Shouzuo has a grudge against Shen Yu for destroying treasures, but in front of the Lord of the Three Palaces, Qifeng Shouzuo and all his disciples, Shen Yu dared to humiliate Yifeng Shouzuo so openly, everyone was shocked for his courage.

Yu Wenwen probably knew that what he said was the truth.

Zhang Zhi's face changed rapidly, from blue to red, trembling with anger, an endless killing intent flowed from his body, if there were not too many people watching here, he would have killed the person in front of him with a single sword This defiant guy.

Daochen Daochen of Qinglu Palace couldn't help scolding: "Shen Yu, you are too presumptuous, how dare you insult the leader of Yifeng."

Shen Yu glanced at him, and said lightly: "Some things, you have done too much, and you are too stupid."

This remark caused an uproar among the crowd, and some even showed puzzled expressions.

"Shen Yu."

Master Daoxuan's deep voice disturbed everyone's thoughts.

He asked calmly: "Is there anyone else coming up to challenge?"

Many thoughtful disciples subconsciously looked at Zhang Jian, who was covered in blood. Thinking of what happened on the Motian Cliff that day, they stopped in their tracks and dared not go forward.

Fan Weimin of Yan Fa Temple did not hesitate.

Zhou Yi on the side smiled and said: "With your current state, do you still need this quota? And judging by his appearance, it is not easy to cultivate both Dao and sword."

Fan Weimin paused when he heard this, and then said, "That's right, then I won't go."

Zhou Yi smiled slightly, unfathomable.

Shang Yingluo laughed so hard that she couldn't keep her eyes open off the stage, she couldn't help talking to the nephews next to her.

Lou Lian called her and said, "You didn't win the fight, why are you happy?"

Shang Yingluo said proudly: "If Shen Yu wins, I win. We are together."

Lou Lian rubbed her head dotingly, but said nothing.

Ever since the little girl joined the former Master of Duzhen Hall, the cold-natured Lou Lianzhao has doted on this little junior sister extremely, even surpassing her proud disciple Yu Wenwen.

Even the white spirit raccoon caused troubles everywhere in Duzhen Hall, Lou Lian Zhao ignored it, which is very puzzling.

Reverend Daoxuan waited for a while, then said: "The second round will be..."

"I will continue to fight."

Shen Yu's indifferent voice sounded again on the high platform.

This time, everyone frowned slightly and looked at the handsome man in puzzlement.

He had already won against Zhang Jian before, and according to the rules of the competition, if no one came to challenge him, then he just had to wait quietly for the winner between Yu Wenwen and Fang Hen.

But why did he continue to challenge.

Everyone followed Shen Yu's gaze, and all showed awe-inspiring expressions.

The one he wanted to challenge turned out to be Fang Hen.

"Is he crazy? Fang Hen is ranked fifteenth in the Academy's Lingyun Ranking, and his strength is more than a notch higher than Zhang Jian's."

"Last time at Motianya, he used some tricks to sneak up on Fang Hen. If it was a fair fight, the gap in realm between the two would be too great."

"That's not certain, Shen Yu's body is always full of miracles."

Disciples outside the arena discussed among themselves, and some even remembered what happened at Motianya that day.

Some people also guessed Shen Yu's thoughts.

Previously, under the instruction of Fang Hen, Zuowangfeng used a mediocre woman to force Shen Yu to participate in the martial arts performance in the Fourth Hall, and wanted to restore face for Chen Jianzhi in the Qing Law Hall, but instead of regaining face, he lost more. big face.

And in the past month, they have deliberately used the case of the Shen family in Nanhe City to detain Shen Yu to Siguo Cliff, wanting to abolish his cultivation and expel him from the sect. For this reason, they did not hesitate to create some rumors to slander Shen Yu.

So, today, Shen Yu is going to take revenge.

It's just that, can he beat the elder brother of the Palace of Qing Law?

Master Daoxuan said indifferently: "You can wait until the second round is over."

Shen Yu stood calmly without speaking.

I saw a stalwart figure piercing the calm.

"It doesn't matter, as he wishes."

Fang Hen stepped up to the center of the high platform, looked at Shen Yu and said indifferently: "I thought you only had some small tricks that didn't make it to the table, but today, it seems that you still have some skills."

The last time he was seriously injured by Shen Yu at Motianya, he still thought in his heart that this guy just won by sneak attack with some small tricks, and he never put him in the same position as himself.

Because in his opinion, the distance between the Golden Core Realm and the Immortal Ascension Realm is vastly different.

It's just that this reckless guy actually provoked him openly, so it was logical to get back the face he lost earlier.

As for Zhang Jian, a waste who relies on innate spiritual treasures is not worth mentioning at all.

Shen Yu felt his disdain, and said lightly: "My realm is still a little lower, otherwise I would not be looking for you, but another person."

Shen Yu's meaning was very straightforward and arrogant.

When performing martial arts in the Fourth Hall, it was obvious that Lan Yingxing had been making some provocations and tricks to force him to go down the mountain to compete, but it turned out that Shen Yu wanted to kill Fang Hen who was hiding behind.

But this time, the root cause of the incident came from Zhang Zhi from Zuowang Peak, Dao Chen from Qinglu Palace, and possibly even the high-ranking Palace Master Xun Ju.

But as he himself said, his realm was still too low, so he had to find Fang Hen who had the same realm and a lower realm.

Fang Hen understood what he meant, and said with a sneer, "I hope you won't talk too much."

Shen Yu didn't speak, a pure spiritual power emanated from his body, and then the vast white mist wrapped his entire right hand and the blood-colored wooden sword together.

Seeing this, Fang Hen said with disdain: "You are a Taoist disciple, but you like to use the sword to cultivate moves. Is it so good to let go of the basics?"

boom!

The surging and majestic aura emerged from Fang Hen's hands, burning like a red flame.

A strong cyclone of spiritual power blows his long hair into the air, and a looming fire pattern between his brows is extremely strange, like a god of war.

Shen Yu didn't care about this, just stepped forward lightly, and then appeared directly in front of Fang Hen, ignoring the hot and violent red spiritual power,

a sword.

An unremarkable sword.

Just like Shen Yu, with a casual and simple sword strike, it seems that for him, all matters in the world can be solved with just one sword strike.

Seeing this, Fang Hen took a step forward without showing any weakness, and a red spear appeared in his hand out of thin air.

one shot.

The tip of the spear collided with the tip of the sword suddenly, and the violent airflow instantly rolled up the gravel all over the ground, and slammed into the stone pillar of the high platform.

Fiery flames burst out from the tip of the gun, instantly engulfing the three-foot wooden sword surrounded by white mist, and then countless gun shadows appeared behind Fang Hen.

Shen Yu didn't know whether this marksmanship was inherited from the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty, but it didn't matter to him.

In an instant, countless sword shadows rushed out of the encirclement of the flames, the speed was staggering.

Shen Yu backed away slowly, with the wooden sword in his hand freehand, still using the same move, drawing circles in the air non-stop, perfectly defusing those attacks.

It's just that it's different from the previous battle with Zhang Jian, Shen Yu's expression is a little more serious now.

Fang Hen's strength is indeed much stronger than that of Zhang Jian, whether it is the spiritual treasure in his hand, the realm, or the inherited skills.

This has nothing to do with personal talent, but the natural background gap between the Fourth Temple and the Seven Peaks.

Shen Yu seemed to be at a disadvantage again.

The spear intent was criss-crossing, every time Fang Hen fired his spear, there was unparalleled domineering intent, Wei An's figure was like a god of war, suppressing Shen Yu under the shadow of the spear.

The only thing that surprised everyone was that Shen Yu's expression was always so indifferent, as if all these difficulties were insignificant.

With a sharp shout, Fang Hen's spear shot out instantly.

Although he already had the upper hand at this time, Fang Hen didn't want to fight for too long, so he planned to use his realm to decide the winner.

Immortal Wandering Boundary, the yin god has already turned into the yang god, even in the daytime, it can travel thousands of miles away, and it can evolve into an incarnation outside the body.

There was a cruel smile on the corner of Fang Hen's mouth, and he instantly turned into three figures and rushed forward.

Without hesitation, Shen Yu held the wooden sword in front of her.

The next moment, there was only a bang.

The wooden sword collided with the fast-firing spear and exploded violently.

The figure of San Dao Wei'an was divided into three again, surrounding Shen Yu in a sea of ​​flames.


		