

With the sound of this voice, the five-color light around the boy's body became dim, and finally disappeared without a trace.

An old man in purple robes with a pale face and white beard and hair stood outside the door with an easygoing smile.

"Patriarch?"

The Luo family father and son exclaimed at the same time.

The old man walked in, and fifty two people directly bent down and clasped their fists and said, "How offensive, please little brother Haihan, no matter what kind of request, I, the Jiang family, will do my best."

Shen Yu took a look and said, "Quota."

The old man in purple robe turned his head to look at Jiang Chuping.

The latter showed hesitation on his face, and whispered: "Patriarch...but..."

Snapped!

There was a whistling sound.

The old man slapped the elder Jiang's son directly on the face, and the latter's figure flew out instantly, slamming heavily on the wall beside him, and passed out on the spot.

The purple-robed old man's expression remained unchanged, and he said to the stunned child beside him, "Lan'er, according to my instructions, fetch the token of Guiyun Xianzong."

Jiang Lan nodded repeatedly and trotted over.

The old man's smiling face remained unchanged, and he slightly bent over and said, "What do you think, little brother?"

"You know how to advance and retreat."

Shen Yu said.

The old man smiled wryly and shook his head again and again: "I just hope that my little brother doesn't hold grudges against my Jiang family."

As people get older, they lose the impulse they had when they were young. They see more of the world, and their minds become more transparent.

Bailixi's attitude, the black-clothed boy who couldn't see the realm clearly, the immortal treasure falling bracelet, and the handsome man in front of him's terrifying understanding of Lingbao's aura.

All kinds of factors are connected together, no matter which aspect it is speculated from, it is definitely not someone he can provoke.

The Jiang family is a big family in Yunya City, and they can be majestic and domineering in this city.

But if you go out of the city, a mere cultivator of the Immortal Ascension Boundary is not bad, but it is really nothing.

He naturally knew these things well, and what he was most afraid of on weekdays was that some members of the Jiang family were extremely proud. I am used to being arrogant, and I can't bear the slightest loss. In the end, it led to the demise of the entire family.

He carefully looked at the man in the distance who couldn't see the truth.

On the way to practice, there is nothing to be seen from his appearance. Maybe a young guy is an old monster who has practiced for hundreds of years.

Shen Yu looked into the distance, and said lightly: "You said what that kid said just now?"

The old man said with a smile: "On weekdays, I always tell them some interesting stories about my youth, which is a bit ridiculous."

Shen Yu shook her head and said: "I originally wanted to reason with you this time, but what you said is very appetizing to me, so forget it."

The old man Qinghuang suddenly felt relieved.

After a while, there were countless hurried footsteps in the distance, and then disappeared outside the door at the same time. In the end, only the young man walked in holding a jade talisman.

Shen Yu passed by the young man, took the jade talisman away, and said, "You are fine."

The boy looked confused.

The miracle doctor then glanced at Jiang Chuping, who was unconscious on the ground, and said calmly, "Let him get up, don't pretend to be dead."

The head of the Jiang family suddenly showed an embarrassed smile.

His palm just now seemed to be amazingly powerful, but in fact it didn't have much strength at all.

There were only three people left in the yard.

Jiang Chuping stood up from the ground in embarrassment, with an unexpectedly calm expression.

The head of the Jiang family said single-handedly: "You almost destroyed the whole family."

Jiang Chuping didn't speak, or didn't dare to speak out. For a moment, he even thought that he would be deposed as the heir.

"But you have a good son."

The old man looked at the young man who was still ignorant at this time, and said happily, "Are you willing to practice with me?"

The teenager Jiang Lan scratched his head, not paying attention to the ecstasy that his father secretly conveyed to him, and said honestly: "I am stupid and have poor qualifications, so I am afraid that I will not learn well."

"Ha ha ha ha..."

The old man laughed heartily, "It's good to be stupid, but what's wrong with poor qualifications? People say that stupid people are blessed with stupidity. Was your father dishonest and thought he was very smart and talented? After decades of practice, he was still the same Kungfu as a three-legged cat." , it's useless!"

At this time, Jiang Chuping could only stand aside and nod helplessly, with a forced smile.

He still had some doubts in his heart, and couldn't help asking: "Patriarch, is that kid really that strong?"

The old man said lightly: "Innate Taoism."

Jiang Chuping's eyes were on Sochi, and he kept silent again.

In the end, the old and the young walked towards the distance, ignoring the seemingly majestic heir of the family.

The old man smiled and said, "Lan'er, tell me what you said in the courtyard again."

Jiang Lan said seriously: "Cultivators of my generation can be low-level and weak in technique, but when fighting against others, they have a fighting spirit in their hearts. They can only advance and never retreat, and never admit defeat."

The old man smiled even wider, "Who said that?"

The young man said honestly: "Patriarch, you said so."

The old ancestor laughed loudly when he heard the words, "Haha, right, that's what I said, yes, this will be the ancestral training of my Jiang family from now on."


Shen Yu returned to the city lord's mansion, and before he reached the gate, he saw a few maids rushing over in panic, saying that there was something wrong in the boy's room in black.

Shen Yu walked all the way to the remote courtyard, and the spiritual power in the world became more and more irritable.

Lu Caiwei stood outside the yard, her eyebrows slightly frowned.

She saw Shen Yu and snorted heavily.

Shen Yu stopped outside the yard for a while, her expression was not too disturbed, she had expected this before.

Li Fugui ate the demon pill, and his stagnant state finally improved, but Shen Yu didn't know whether he could successfully break the shackles in that bloodline in one go.

The only certainty is that this time the breakthrough came without a sound, and the time will be unexpectedly long.

Lu Caiwei waited for a while, and found that Shen Yu hadn't moved at all, and said worriedly: "Hey, what should we do now?"

"He's doing what he's supposed to do."

Shen Yu said: "Then we should do what we should do now."

Lu Caiwei was stunned for a while, looking at Shen Yu's profile, as if trying to see what he was implying.

Shen Yu said lightly: "If there are too many messy things in your mind, how can you practice?"

Lu Caiwei's face turned as red as an apple in an instant, and she scolded: "Stinky rascal, shameless, unreasonable!"

Shen Yu shook her head helplessly, only women and villains are difficult to raise.

The next day, Shen Yu wanted Bailixi to explain some things, and then randomly drew some lines around the surroundings. All the spiritual energy that had overflowed before was bound in the yard.

It was getting brighter.

There is a carriage going out of town.

Lu Caiwei asked enthusiastically, "Where are we going?"

Shen Yu, who was once again the coachman, waved his whip casually and said, "Cangmang Town, Guiyun Xianzong's assessment site this time."

Lu Caiwei was silent for a while, then said, "Do you want to go with me?"

"The mountain gate of Guiyun Xianzong is still thousands of miles away from here."

Shen Yu said: "It's still far away."

Lu Caiwei asked: "What if after arriving at the mountain gate?"

Shen Yu said lightly: "Maybe I will go, the place I am going to should not be far from there."

Lu Caiwei didn't know what to think, so she let out a soft oh.

The carriage was running fast on the official road outside Yunya City, the autumn wind was bleak, and the chill was getting stronger.

However, Lu Caiwei didn't seem to want to stay quietly in the carriage, she revealed a round head from the curtain of the carriage, and asked, "Are you really from one of the holy lands, the Dao Sect?"

Shen Yu closed her eyes and nodded slightly.

Lu Caiwei said disdainfully: "I guess you must be the worst among them, otherwise how could you go down the mountain for nothing? I heard that the third floor of Zhongzhou Academy will be opened in the capital of the Tang Dynasty in a year and a half. The holy places are so powerful. The disciples are all cultivating behind closed doors, how could they travel around like you?"

Shen Yu said: "My realm is indeed the lowest among them."

Shen Yu paused, and then said: "However, in the same realm, I am invincible."


		