

Li Yi stood where he was, watching Shen Yu's aura soar.

As one of the holy lands, Yaochi, He Pianpian can naturally learn more things. Looking at this scene, she also admired: "There are very few people in the world who can achieve the unity of body and body. His talent is really strong."

Wan Jian was expressionless, and asked back: "You are very interested in this guy."

He Pianpian smiled lightly, and asked back: "Then you don't seem to like this guy very much."

"fine."

Wan Jianyi said lightly: "I just hope you can quickly find a Taoist partner, otherwise the uncles on Kunlun Mountain are always urging me to go to Yaochi to propose marriage."

He Pianpian smiled and said: "This kind of thing is naturally a man's responsibility. If you find a woman you like, can you solve this troublesome thing?"

Unlike the match made in heaven as rumored by outsiders, Wan Jianyi and He Pianpian actually have no so-called love between men and women.

Wan Jianyi seemed to think of something, and said softly: "I seem to have really found it."

He Pianpian was a little surprised, and then teased: "It's such a blessing to be able to make a woman who is one of Kunlun's ten thousand swords."

The young Taoist frowned slightly for some reason, turned to look at Shen Yu, and snorted inexplicably.

Mountain bag not far away.

Yun Qing looked at this scene from a distance, and there were traces of white mist in her pupils.

In the notes written by Jiang Zhouyao, Yun Qing understood the origin of the eyes, and more importantly, she now grasped a little bit of the superficial uses of these pupils.

For example, seeing through the essence of most of the magic moves in the world, and turning them into their own.

Jiang Zhouyao coughed lightly: "These two will definitely be the strongest two you will meet when you go to the academy in the future, especially Li Yi, who fits well with what you have learned, so study hard."

The mist in Yun Qing's eyes was even worse, and she nodded.


The aura around the lake stabilized.

Li Yi grinned, looking extremely happy.

This ordinary-looking man lived in a small town in the northwest border since he was a child, and he didn't have any great opportunities or spiritual treasures.

When he was young, there were only two daily routines in his memory.

For a while, I was looking for some carrying jobs in the town with my brother, and the other was practicing boxing.

It wasn't until that cold night many years ago that his life changed.

Because he met an old man with his sleeves folded, who looked like an old man from the Northwest.

"what's your name?"

"Li Yi."

"Like boxing?"

"right."

"Do you want to become the strongest boxer in the world?"

"think!"

Then that night, he was accepted as a disciple by this old man who didn't know his name.

After a long journey, he didn't know the identity of the old man and how much prestige he had in the world until he entered the world-famous majestic city wall.

It seems that overnight he became a famous god in the world, attracting the attention of all people.

But life hasn't changed much.

Two everyday things become one.

He still remembers the two words his master said when he taught him how to practice boxing.

"My generation of warriors has never borrowed strength from heaven and earth like the people of the Three Religions, relying only on fists."

"In a fight, if you can't beat one punch, then you can punch ten or a hundred punches. If you can't beat someone, you can punch ten thousand."

Therefore, in Li Yi's life, he spent ten years punching under the high mountain waterfall, another ten years punching under the bottom of the sea, and another ten years traveling around the world. Day after day, year after year, I don't know when, the number of times Li Yi punched Fewer and fewer, suddenly turning around, only to realize that it is already difficult for him to be a punching enemy among his peers.

An invisible aura emanated from Li Yi's body, and the gravel on the ground began to tremble slightly.

"Since we are in the same realm, I will not hold back."

Li Yi clenched his fists with both hands, and said in a deep voice, "I have never lost a battle with the same border."

With a calm expression, Shen Yu stepped out directly.

He told Lu Caiwei at the beginning.

He is invincible.

That being the case, it is true that he has never lost in three thousand years.

The figures of the two disappeared in place at the same time.

The two rays of light in the sky flashed away, collided with each other, and then separated at the touch.

boom...!

Only the sound of collisions could be heard continuously.

People with weak strength can only see the powerful light and aura fluctuations in the air.

As the two rays of light rose rapidly toward the sky, various Taoist moves emerged one after another, and dozens of disciples of the Taoist sect were all in high spirits.

"Look, Senior Brother Shen Yu is using the most powerful Taoist confinement technique in the Palace of the Law of the Qing Dynasty."

"Not only that, but there is also the method of flying away from Zuowang Peak. This speed is really too fast."

"Calling the wind and calling the rain is indeed the most powerful Taoism, with a huge momentum."

One after another, the secret methods of Daozong came out frequently in Shen Yu's hands, and the praises of the disciples kept ringing out from the crowd, while a few people showed shocking expressions.

Li Yi of the Qingdi City is the top three existence in the current Lingyun list, even if his realm is lowered, he is still a leader among his peers.

And Shen Yu not only did not fall into a disadvantage in the field, but vaguely took the initiative.

This is not the same, or quite different, from what some people initially expected.

Boom!

Two rays of light smashed straight from the sky into the bottom of the lake.

The surface of the water began to surge wildly like a storm in a river, and then two huge 'water dragons' rushed straight out of the water.

The water dragons circled violently and collided.

next moment.

One of the water dragons shattered, and a figure in a green shirt flew upside down from the water first.

Shen Yu smashed into the huge willow tree by the lake.

Li Yiru followed closely behind, jumped high, then clenched his fist with his right hand, and smashed straight down on the willow tree.

boom!

The willow tree that could only be embraced by a few people shattered, and the ground began to shake. Countless disciples subconsciously stretched out their hands to maintain their balance.

A short silence.

Just when everyone thought the battle was over, there was another loud noise.

Among the dusty branches, this time it was Li Yi who flew upside down, and his body wiped a deep mark on the ground.

The light suddenly appeared, and the sword intent flourished.

The two began to fight again in a square inch.

Numerous green bricks and black stone railings exploded, and fierce sword energy and fist intent confronted each other.

Shen Yu was thrown into the water, and the waves splashed.

Li Chan slammed into the boulder, and the stone chips flew around.

The two sides are evenly matched.

Countless disciples were shocked and speechless when they saw this scene.

Although they didn't use too many shocking moves, the strength of the moves and techniques in the fight between the two has far exceeded the limit of the two people's current realm.

This is the contest between the strongest of the younger generation today?

If the two entered the upper three realms at the same time, how magnificent would it be to fight with all their strength again?

Countless people are looking forward to it.

Li Yi hit Shen Yu's chest with his right fist, and Shen Yu slashed in front of Li Yi with his sword.

The two fell backwards at the same time.

"happy!"

Li Yi rubbed his chest and said with a smile: "Although the people I met these years are of high level, they don't know how to fight. You are an exception."

Li Yi paused, and then said in a deep voice, "You are really strong to push me to this point."

As soon as the words fell, a mighty aura strong enough to oppress people to death erupted violently from Li Yi's body.

Li Yi slightly bent his knees, the muscles in his right arm soared.

A strand of spiritual power wrapped around the entire arm.

In an instant, Li Yi's entire right arm was shrouded in golden light.

The momentum of the fist filled the whole world, and there was the faint sound of tigers roaring and dragons chanting.

Wan Jian narrowed his eyes and said, "It's time to decide the winner."

Countless people subconsciously held their breath and stared at the field.

The wind raged.

Standing on the snow by the lake, Shen Yu seemed to melt into the sky and the earth.

Whether it was the end of the cuffs of the green shirt or the black hair that was freely restrained, there was no slight change in the strong wind, just like his sharp and restrained Dao Xin at this time.

Faced with such a powerful offensive, Shen Yu just silently changed the wooden sword to his left hand.

He was the same when he was in Motianya.

Yes, because swords are not what he is best at.

In the battle of birth in previous years, the right hand pointed to the sky, which attracted the purple sky thunder, and broke the rivers and rivers for thousands of miles.

Fighting against demons in the northern border, painting the ground as a prison, turned thousands of demons into ashes.

In addition to the roar of the tiger, there was another sound of swords resounding across the lake.

Jing Qing's sword and cicadas chirped.

Li Yi's eyes were determined, and he said calmly: "I have a punch that can separate life and death."

Shen Yu took a step forward and murmured, "Come on."

Accompanied by dark clouds all over the sky, countless lightning bolts struck fiercely, and the entire sky seemed to be at the end of the world.

A thick purple divine thunder kept gathering and changing, and the power of destroying the world descended on everyone's heads.


		