

Green Bamboo Peak, not yet.

As soon as Shen Yu came back, she saw Shang Yingluo waiting outside the door.

"I heard you beat them with a stick? What kind of stick?"

As soon as she saw Shen Yu appear, the little girl stepped forward and grabbed his clothes, curiously asked about the competition between the two peaks.

Shen Yu poured a cup of tea and said lazily: "That's it, there are many bamboo forests outside."

The little girl continued to ask: "They say this stick is called Sap, why are you hiding a stick in your bosom?"

Shen Yu said with a serious face: "Protect yourself."

Shang Yingluo didn't believe it, and asked suspiciously, "Are you sure it's for body protection?"

Shen Yu said earnestly: "Of course, when you are fighting, if you take a sap, it is not a protection."

Shen Yu wasn't talking nonsense. Back then, when he first stepped into practice, an old Taoist priest beat him with such a dull stick to make him doubt his life.

"Practitioners in this world like to use gorgeous fairy swords and magic weapons that are full of brilliance. If they talk about fighting, they should be simple and unpretentious, like people in the market, knocking on sticks and making bricks."

The old Taoist priest left a deep impression on Shen Yu. Three thousand years later, he still remembers it.

So, on the way back from the mountain behind the Yan Fa Temple, he picked up a bamboo stick.

Shang Yingluo stared at this handsome young man closely, not understanding that this person is obviously very talented, but he always hides it from others.

Is there any secret that cannot be told?

Shen Yu saw the little girl's thoughts at a glance, and said, "I'm just afraid of trouble."

In Daozong, one of the legendary nine holy places, people with outstanding talents will attract too much attention, and such people will also encounter endless troubles.

It just so happens that Shen Yu is a person who is afraid of trouble, and there are some things that don't need to be known.

Shang Yingluo suddenly rushed into Shen Yu's arms, and then began to pull his clothes.

Shen Yu asked: "What are you doing?"

Shang Yingluo looked serious, and said, "I'm also afraid of trouble, so give me your sap."

Shen Yu sighed lightly, and said: "It takes a surprise to hit a sap stick. Now that everyone knows it, it will naturally be lost."

Hearing this, the little girl jumped off him with a look of disappointment.

Shen Yu looked at her and said, "I have entered the Dao realm."

At that time, Shang Yingluo had already stepped into the Dao realm before the small competition between the two peaks. The reason why she told Ming Jian that she wanted to retreat was because she was a little afraid that the elders of the fourth hall and seven peaks would find out their identities.

In the past year, Shen Yu was also a little surprised by the little girl's talent.

Shang Yingluo blinked her eyes, but said nothing, meaning what about you?

Shen Yu rubbed her little head and said, "I'm coming too."

Shang Yingluo jumped for joy, and ran to the depths of the bamboo forest outside the house, and the little girl's happy voice came from a distance: "I'll go find my little sap first."


The second year of Green Bamboo Peak.

Shang Yingluo became the first disciple to enter the Taoist realm, and was then taken away from the Green Bamboo Peak.

The little girl deliberately concealed it for a year, but it was finally discovered.

At the time of parting, the little girl was crying like pear blossoms with rain, turning her head three times at a step, pitiful, Shen Yu didn't understand, the two had only been separated for a few months, so why bother.

Even if I never want to see you again, what does it matter?

In Shen Yu's heart, people's joys and sorrows, emotions such as joy, anger, sorrow and joy are unnecessary things, but seeing the little girl's tearful eyes, suddenly felt... still a bit interesting.

This time, Shen Yu took a serious note of the little girl's appearance.


Soon, Ye Zhiqiu, Liang Shi, Jiang Shaoqiu and other talented disciples all reached the peak of the ninth level of Qi training one after another, ready to break through to the Taoist realm at any time.

And Shen Yu still looked lazy.

Get up late every day, feed a few rabbits with spiritual grass, and then go to water the flowers in the evening.

The only thing that was a little different was that everyone looked at him now, without the previous contempt and disdain, but with a little more awe and... other things.

Shen Yu became a figure second only to Shang Yingluo in Cuizhu Peak.

this day.

Shen Yu sat on the stone platform on the top of the cliff, closed her eyes and felt the breeze on the top of the mountain, thinking that she was a little unaccustomed to the lack of the little girl's chirping voice.

As the breeze blows, the fresh fragrance of orchid flowers hits the nostrils, the young man's sleeves dance lightly, and his temperament is dusty.

Not far away, there were some chaotic footsteps.

Daoist practice, advocating nature, most of the disciples like to stay among the high mountains.

Since the realm of these disciples has gradually improved, it is clear that in addition to teaching everyone the basic cultivation skills, they also specially teach some Taoism, such as the art of imperialism.

The purpose is to divide the trip to Baoya.

For this reason, disciples can be seen everywhere in Cuizhu Peak, either carrying lanterns, ringing bells, or holding some spiritual artifacts, and they are always practicing the method of imperial object.

Under the afterglow of the setting sun, the sound of scattered footsteps and the sound of imperial objects breaking through the air gradually dissipated, and only a green bamboo shrub kept waving.

Dancing in the middle of the mountain is a girl with a graceful face, named Yang Liu, who practiced very hard on weekdays, but her cultivation qualifications are average, and she is still at the fifth level of Qi training.

The sound of bamboo Xiao piercing through the air continued until late at night, and gradually faded away.

In a daze, Shen Yu felt a bit of coolness. After a while, big raindrops fell down, and she couldn't help sighing.

This spring rain is unpredictable.

Shen Yu thought that she should not go to the top of the mountain to sleep in the future. Not only is it noisy, but she will always get wet in the rain.

The boy got up, and found an umbrella leaning against him, it was green, and it looked a bit delicate, like it was carried by a woman.

Shen Yu thought for a while, opened her umbrella, and walked down the mountain slowly.

On the second day, Shen Yu came to the top of the mountain, put the umbrella next to the rock, and began to lean back to sleep.

Today, it won't rain.

The delicate and graceful girl ran over, her face was a little rosy, and she hesitated to speak.

Shen Yu didn't open her eyes, but nodded slightly.

The girl took back the umbrella and began to practice the art of imperial objects again.

It seems that she is indeed very hardworking. She practiced until late at night yesterday, and came early again today, but in Shen Yu's view, some skills of this art of imperial object have not changed at all, and she is just doing some useless work in vain .

Sometimes, the girl's soft cry can be vaguely heard.

In this way, after half a month, on this night, Shen Yu spoke for the first time in front of the girl.

"Carefully feel the changes in the aura."

Yang Liu stared at Shen Yu blankly, then came to her senses and nodded repeatedly.

"Immerse your mind in the subtleties of the aura of heaven and earth"

"Heavy air and light things."

"A little anxious."

"Ignore that bamboo shroud."

"Wrong, try again."

The young man said this calmly, without the slightest ups and downs, but the young girl blushed when she heard it, thinking that her art of imperialism was so unbearable in the eyes of the other party, but she still held back her tears and didn't let herself cry out.

However, Yang Liu persisted subconsciously.

For some reason, she had some feeling in her heart that if she chose to give up or complain at this time, that person would really not say another word.

Three days.

From the initial chaos, Yang Liu's skill of controlling objects has become more comfortable, tossing and jumping, and the bamboo Xiao has become very comfortable under her control.

Even so, Shen Yu was still a little dissatisfied with the progress of the girl's practice, the girl was still too clumsy.

But after Yang Liu felt the subtle changes in herself, she was overjoyed, and looked at Shen Yu with more reverence.

Mingjian Zhenren once pointed her out, and although she talked about the methods and methods a lot, she always felt that she was inferior to Shen Yu.

Teenagers always seem to be able to find problems in subtle places, and then use the most direct method to correct them.

Could it be that Shen Yu's understanding of Taoism is higher than that of Mingjian Daoist?

Thinking of this, Yang Liu shook his head lightly, laughing at himself.

"is it possible?"


		