

Nangong Rou's smile didn't hide the slightest bit, even a little mocking and alienating.

Many people around, including the Gu family and the Dongfang family, looked at Yan Nantian with dissatisfaction.

The latter's words are completely different from the conditions they agreed on earlier.

The atmosphere was tense.

But what was interesting was that Yan Nantian's expression changed from the hidden anger at the beginning to indifference after suffering such teasing and contempt. Instead, there was a sense of ridicule and disdain in his eyes.

"and many more."

Yan Nantian folded his sleeves with both hands, and suddenly waved to the field.

Immediately afterwards.

At the edge of the round platform that was hundreds of meters high in the air, almost a hundred disciples wearing the costumes of the Qingxu sect appeared at the same time, holding spirit swords, and surrounded the whole round platform.

His face was cold and menacing.

Countless people turned their gazes towards the Qingxu sect, with panic and confusion on their faces.

The reason why the Qingxu Sect has a pivotal position in the entire Qianliu City is not only because of the support of Duanren Mountain, but more importantly, the background brought by these hundreds of practitioners.

Yang Yuanhao took a heavy step forward, and said in a deep voice: "Sect Leader Yan suddenly put on such a battle, why? Can you finally resist and make a move?"

"Patriarch Yang, where did you start, but before this competition, I must first seek justice for my Qingxu faction."

Yan Nantian slightly lowered his eyes, and said indifferently: "A few days ago, I, Qingxu, sent three people to the Sifang Pavilion of Nangong Family, but they disappeared strangely afterwards. Until today, I finally confirmed the news of their disappearance."

After finishing speaking, Yan Nantian looked at Yang Yuanhao with a smile, and the meaning contained in it was self-evident.

The latter felt this kind of gaze, and sneered: "Good and evil are rewarded. If you do too many bad things on weekdays, you will naturally receive retribution. If Head Yan forcibly blames this incident on my Yang family, the means will be rough. Have some."

"Since I dare to say that, there is naturally evidence."

Yan Nantian shouted: "Yunyu."

Yan Yunyu bent slightly when she heard the words, and waved her right sleeve, a palm-sized mirror flew out of the sleeve, a blue light flashed, and then the mirror instantly magnified hundreds of feet.

"This mirror is the Yunxia Mirror given to me by Elder Li Moran of Duanren Mountain. It is responsible for guarding Qianliu City on weekdays. In addition to monitoring evil ghosts, more importantly, it can replay scenes that have passed away in a short period of time. "

As soon as the words fell, there were ripples on the mirror, and I saw a black figure in the picture returning from outside the city, killing two young disciples of the Qingxu Sect almost instantly with fierce means, winning the short fight with the old woman, and then killing the three A corpse is destroyed with spiritual flames until its soul is scattered.

The picture on the mirror disappeared, and the crowd became silent.

Not only because of the cruel methods of that person, but more importantly, this figure seemed familiar.

Countless people's eyes began to shift to the old servant next to Yang Yuanhao who was slightly squatting.

Yang Pan'er and Yang Yuanhao were also full of disbelief.

The culprit, Zhao Ji, lowered her head slightly, turning a blind eye to everyone's gaze.

Shen Yu first looked in the mirror, then suddenly glanced at Zhao Ji again.

Shen Yu's eyes are very strange, but the meaning is very clear.

He wanted to say that killing people didn't know how to simply pretend to be a simple disguise, and the Yaozu really had no brains.

Feeling this gaze, Zhao Ji felt a little warm and angry.

I thought to myself that I didn't know that the other party would have such a mess, is it my fault?


"Get it for me!"

Following Yan Nantian's yell, all the disciples of the Qingxu Sect around rushed towards this direction.

"Only by you?"

There was a roar, with strong puzzlement.

Anxiously turned into a rainbow light and swept towards the crowd, with a rumbling explosion, many disciples were thrown off their feet.

"presumptuous!"

Yan Nantian's whole body was full of spiritual energy, as if he had descended from the sky, and his palms were full of light.

Zhao Ji turned around and stretched out the same palm.

The two completely different auras collided with each other, Yan Nantian fell heavily, the surrounding aura shook, Zhao Ji flew upside down at the same time, and fell to the ground.

Seeing this scene, Shen Yu looked indifferent.

Yan Nantian is already in the middle stage of Immortal Ascension Boundary at this time, but he just wants to set foot on the upper three realms, if there is no extra opportunity, he will only stop here for the rest of his life.

On the ground, Zhao Ji's eyes were cold, she wiped away the blood from the corner of her mouth, her spiritual energy was tumbling, and she was about to fall to the sky.

But at the next moment, he suddenly stopped his figure.

Because Yan Yunyu came to the side of Yang Yuanhao's father and daughter at some point, with her hands on Yang Pan'er's shoulders and a sinister smile on her face.

Zhao Ji coldly said: "Are you courting death?"

Yan Nantian stood in front of his son, and said slowly: "No hurry, I just think the Yang family needs to give me an explanation for this matter."

Yang Yuanhao's expression was complicated.

Yang Pan'er broke free from the opponent's right palm, and said angrily, "Tell me what you are!"

Snapped!

Yan Yunyu showed a ferocious smile, and slapped Yang Pan'er hard on the face, with such force that the latter fell to the ground immediately.

Yang Yuanhao moved forward immediately, and was kicked to the ground by another disciple sent by Qingxu.

"It's okay for a girl's family to be uneducated. When you marry into my Yan family in the future, I will teach you well."

Yan Yunyu laughed playfully.

Shen Yu stood on the high platform, looked down at the crowd, and did not speak.

He once told Zhao Ji that this incident would inevitably involve the Yang family, but the other party didn't believe it.

Zhao Ji said coldly: "This matter has nothing to do with them."

Compared to Yan Yunyu's immaturity, Yan Nantian is obviously an old fox.

He smiled slowly: "I naturally believe that Patriarch Yang will not be such a vicious person, but this matter needs to be investigated carefully. If you continue to resist, I don't have that much patience."

Yan Nantian thought about every word and every sentence, but he still had some regrets in his heart.

One or two disciples and elders are not worth mentioning to the Qingxu sect.

Originally, this little trick was intended to be used after kicking the Yang family out of Qianliu City, but it was a pity that because of this boy of unknown origin, he had no choice but to release it in advance.

Zhao Ji clenched her hands tightly, a faint scarlet light flashed in her eyes, but she forcibly covered them up after a while.

Seeing this scene, Shen Yu thought that the little fox wasn't too stupid.

If others know that the old servant of the Yang family is a monster, then the Yang family will no longer have a foothold in Qianliu City.

Yan Nantian said, "Yunyu."

Yan Yunyu pinched the strange seal with both hands, and said in a deep voice: "Suppress!"

The gold that had been floating in the air shone brightly, instantly taking care of Zhao Ji's whole body who did not resist.

what!

With a shrill scream, Zhao Ji's whole body instantly lay on the ground, her five fingers hooked, as if being pressed down by a mountain.

After a while, Zhao Ji, who was stunned by the bright mirror light, was crying bitterly, with blood spilling all over her body, and she knelt down on the ground and wailed, powerless.

Yan Yunyu saw this scene with a sneer on her face, and silently manipulated her spiritual power to wantonly trample on it.

When the people around saw this scene, their scalps felt numb.

First, Zhao Ji made a short shot, which made everyone aware of his terrifying cultivation.

But even a cultivator with such a strong cultivation base couldn't bear to cry bitterly, how cruel is it?

Yang Pan'er's eyes were immediately covered with tears, and she wiped it casually with her small hand, then suddenly raised her head, looking at the handsome figure on the high platform with tears in her eyes.

Yang Yuanhao also seemed to have found a life-saving straw, and shouted with uncertainty: "Master Shen?"

Countless people on the round platform began to look up with hopeful eyes.

Shen Yu didn't seem to see everyone's eyes, but shook her head slightly at Yang Pan'er.

Seeing this scene, everyone was a little silent.

Yang Pan'er lowered her head slightly and sniffled, feeling very sad.

For some reason, Nangong Rou also looked a little disappointed.

Shen Yu's expression was as usual, but she just looked into the distance indifferently, as if she was waiting for something.

In his opinion, those three disciples of the Qingxu sect deserved to die.

Although he doesn't have the patience to take the initiative to help the Qingxu sect, he will not specifically cover it up.

"The suicide of my Qingxu Sect disciple without permission, and the destruction of the body and traces, is an unforgivable crime. It will definitely be handed over to my Lin Shangguo Academy for serious punishment. As for whether there are other accomplices, my Qingxu Sect will slowly find out."

After Yan Nantian finished speaking, he suddenly glanced at Shen Yu, and said deliberately with a smile, "I wonder if this little brother has any objections?"

Shen Yu asked lightly: "Are you finished?"

Yan Nantian was taken aback.

"Now that you're done talking, let your son come on stage."

Shen Yu raised her foot slightly, and said impatiently: "I remember that I should have been waiting here for a long time."


		