

There are currently three interesting talks about "when" in the practice world.

One is to talk about when the nine-storied pagoda in Lingyin Temple will fall down.

The second is to talk about when the grievances of the 100,000 innocent souls in Fengdu Ghost City will completely disappear.

The third is to talk about when the great apprentice accepted by the head of the Taoist sect who is the most famous Taoist in the world will be willing to practice.

Su Mo has always kept a low profile, even within the Taoist sect, but Li Moran, as a world-renowned true immortal of the upper three realms, even if his previous words were a little disdainful, this story is naturally familiar to him.

A mortal person who can only read can't attract her attention, but the sect represented behind him can, so she stood up to show respect.

Su Mo nodded slightly in return.

Facing a world-class practitioner who was very moody, Su Mo's face was still very calm, without any disturbance.

According to common rules, no matter in terms of cultivation or age, he is a natural junior, and this kind of behavior seems a bit inappropriate.

It is not.

Because he has a more important identity, that is, the biggest elder brother of Daozong's generation.

Ever since Daoist Master Daoyan took over as the head of Daozong, revising the Daozong's inscriptions and proclaiming himself a generation, the seniority of Daozong's elder brother is high enough to scare people to death.

Even Li Moran had to accept the name "girl" from the other party.

"I heard that you started the Taoist sect alone, you have set foot in the Nine Holy Lands, all over the world, and even set foot in the Demon Realm and Demon Realm."

Li Moran took the initiative to speak and asked, "Did you take it seriously?"

Su Mo thought for a while, and replied: "The expected distance has probably been gone."

The tall woman was silent for a while, and asked with a joke in a joking tone: "You dare to travel to so many places with a mortal body, are you a saint of the Three Religions to cover up the secret of reincarnation, and now you have to seal your cultivation base, or deliberately cover up your strength? Do you want to wait until the academy's Lingyun list is announced, and then become a blockbuster? Or, have both?"

She has been to these two places before, so she is very aware of the dangers contained therein.

Not to mention the countless arrays of murderous intentions of those great practitioners in the world, but the overwhelming barbaric atmosphere in the desert of heaven and earth is a natural barrier.

Under the upper three realms, no one can stop it.

The gentle man who looked a little dusty smiled slightly, noncommittal, as if he didn't even need to answer.

Many people have guessed this way, and many people have asked this question on the way of travel.

He answered, but no one believed it, so he wasted no more time.

Why don't you want to practice, naturally you don't want to.

Why not, for some reason.

This reason is actually very clichéd, and even saying it would be a bit naive, so naive that a calm person like Su Mo would not be able to say it.

The young man in a white shirt like snow raised his head, just ignored the female sword fairy, and looked at the fox demon imprisoned in the middle of the sky.

Su Mo said, "This is not good."

Li Moran followed his gaze, twitched the corners of his mouth, and said with a slight mockery: "It's just the remnants of the monster clan. When will the people of Daozong show mercy to the monster clan?"

"I heard a few words by accident when I came here earlier, and felt that it was really hurtful."

The young man asked calmly, "Your cultivation base and xinxing have clearly reached the peak, why should you be so hard on them? If it is to vent your anger..."

"Yan Yunyu is my son."

Li Moran interrupted him, with an indifferent expression, and said, "Is this reason enough?"


The voice did not fall.

Everyone in the arena showed astonished expressions, and then they thought of the scene where the female sword fairy cut the distraught Yan Nantian in half with a single knife when she first entered the city gate, and they couldn't help feeling terrified in their hearts.

"madman!"

Everyone said silently in their hearts.

Su Mo was slightly taken aback, and seemed a little surprised.

On the spiritual wasteland, the reproduction of one of the world's swords seems to be slightly behind compared to other avenues.

The female sword fairy Li Moran can almost represent the acme of today's sword.

More importantly, although she has lived for hundreds of years, she is still considered young in the practice world, and she will definitely have greater achievements in the future.

The result was that such an excellent woman had a son quietly, and more importantly, she was directly slaughtered.

The patriarchs of the four major families in the city were heartbroken, and the glimmer of hope they had just had completely disappeared.

Yang Pan'er also had a pitiful look on her face, thinking that it was all over.

How much do you hate an old woman who dares to kill her husband? Will it be more ruthless than those green bamboo leaves in the fields when I was a child?

Su Mo thought for a while and said, "Even so, if you want revenge, you should find my little brother."

The corners of Li Moran's mouth turned up slightly, and he said, "The Taoist sect will let you?"

Su Mo's expression remained the same, and he said softly, "Whether you give in or not, haven't you already done so?"

The tall woman narrowed her eyes slightly, playing with taste: "I don't understand this."

Su Mo shook his head and laughed, "This is a bit boring."


At noon, the scorching sun is in the sky.

Li Moran's expression suddenly became uncertain, and he asked, "What are you here for this time?"

The young man looked calm, and said slowly: "The Taoist sect has a thousand disciples, but looking at the spiritual shortage, there are actually not many. Most of them are children who have not yet grown up, so this will protect their shortcomings even more."

The female sword fairy was silent.

Su Mo went on to say: "And there are even fewer of us in Yuansheng Temple. After the master retreats, I only have one junior brother and one junior sister, so when something happens, someone must help to talk. This is the Taoist rule as always. .”

The atmosphere is a little dignified.

The wind and rain were coming, and the surrounding air became slightly restless.

There was no emotion in the tall woman's eyes, but her hands began to be behind her back, and her tall and straight figure became taller invisibly.

"So?" she asked.

"A few days ago when you were on Broken Blade Mountain, you stabbed my junior brother three times."

With a calm face, Su Mo said, "I'll just return your sword."


Su Mo patted the dust on his shoulders, then untied the strip-shaped cloth bag he was carrying behind his back, and held it in his hand.

Li Moran understood the meaning of this sentence, so he remained silent.

After a while, she said decisively: "The grievance between me and Shen Yu ends here. He killed Yan Yunyu, and I repaid him three swords. Life and death will be settled, how about it?"

From Li Moran's point of view, she has put her posture at the lowest level, even giving her enough face.

It's just that the other party's reaction was beyond her expectation.

"certainly."

Su Mo shook his head without hesitation, "No."

Seeing this scene, the female Daoxian's eyes completely cooled down, and the black and white colors in her pupils became more and more distinct.

What she was afraid of was Daozong, the four masters of Daozong who set foot in the fairyland, but it was never this guy in front of her.

"Junior brother killed Yan Yunyu, you returned him three swords, life and death, I don't care."

"But later you knew he was a member of the Dao Sect, and you still sent people to hunt him down, treating my Dao Sect as nothing, which is unreasonable."

"Finally, Yang Liu, the daughter of Yang's family, is my junior junior sister, so I can't ignore the affairs of the Yang family."

Su Mo finished speaking calmly.

In the cloudless sky, the scorching sun turned out to be in the sky, but a cloud fell over the mansion.

The tall woman twitched the corners of her mouth, as if she had finally lost her patience, and there was some disdain in her eyes, and even more mocking.

No matter what background and backing the other party has, a mortal is not even an ant in her eyes, so what can he do?

The corners of Li Moran's mouth turned up slightly, and he said indifferently: "Let me see your skills."

Su Mo slowly released the cloth bag between his right hands.

Then a sword appeared inside.

The sword body is extremely long, the whole body is like ink, with a faint red light.

Everyone in the arena looked at this ordinary long sword, but no one could see its origin.

Li Moran frowned slightly.

"You were curious about how I traveled to the Southern Barbarian Demon Territory and the Northern Demon Territory, and I will tell you now."

Su Mo placed the fingers of his right hand in the center of the sword, and spat out his lips lightly.

Pro!

Soldiers!

fight!

By!

all!

Array!

List!

exist!

forward!



		