

From the very beginning of his practice, Shen Yu discovered that his dantian spirit sea is very large. If he wants to break through the golden core realm, he will need several times more spiritual energy than ordinary people.

In the past two years, he has spent more time in cultivation, but there is still no sign of breaking through.

It wasn't until that day when I saw the winter snow on Feilai Peak that my mood changed slightly, but I didn't choose to break through at that time.

Because although the spirit liquid had already filled the entire dantian spirit lake that day, the state of mind was still a little short of consummation. If a practitioner is a little short of consummation every time he breaks through the realm, he will have a huge flaw when he reaches the next realm. , maybe this life will miss the Dao.

So for three months, Shen Yu has been perfecting his state of mind, that is, just now, he made his state of mind perfect, and then directly broke through.

Shen Yu said lightly: "You said before that my Taoist sect learned the art of sword repair and sword control in the Sword Immortal City. Speaking of it, you not only don't have a deep understanding of the way of warriors, but you also don't know much about practitioners."

Li Chan refused to accept it and asked, "Why?"

He didn't care about Shen Yu's breakthrough, even if he broke through to the Jindan realm, a big gap in the realm is a gap that cannot be crossed.

"My Taoist sect has ten thousand kinds of Taoism. In ancient times, there were seniors who used Taoism to hold swords and wiped out all the demons in the world. You know, the so-called sword-holding skills of sword cultivators came from my Taoism."

Li Chan sneered, and said with disdain: "Whether you are a master of swords, or a master of swords, to me, it's all a matter of one punch."

Shen Yu said calmly: "The reason why I said this is to let you know... there are people outside of you."

Although Li Chan was disdainful, she still had some doubts in her heart. Taoism has a long history, and some secret moves that have never been seen in the world are indeed powerful. It's just that the young man in front of him has just entered the Golden Core Realm, and the dantian spiritual fluid has just condensed into a pill. Entering the Dao Realm is much more refined, and it may not necessarily make those powerful secret methods.

"You won't know until you have a fight."

Li Chan laughed and said playfully, "Do your best."

Shen Yu said lightly: "Yes."

As soon as the words fell, Shen Yu's figure disappeared before his eyes.

Li Chan's pupils constricted, and a strong sense of crisis came from the bottom of his heart. This was his sixth sense brought about by wandering on the edge of life and death all year round.

So, he frantically swung to the side.

bump.

The inkstone table in front of him shattered into stones in an instant.

Shen Yu appeared in his original position, pointing at Li Chan with a sword in his right hand.

"Such a fast sword."

Li Chan broke out in cold sweat, trying his best to mobilize the spiritual power around him, and a colorful belt of spiritual power circulated around him, but he didn't dare to be careless at this time.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and stepped forward, and then the figure turned into a phantom again, the bloody brilliance on the sword changed from pale to thick, and the whole wooden sword was like a bloody dragon.

Jianmang flashed.

Li Chan resisted fiercely with both fists, but was still slammed into the air, and her muscular figure slammed into the far wall.

"Qingdi City's unique knowledge breaks the sky. Although you have learned some, it's just superficial, it's just a show."

Shen Yu's figure appeared in front of the opponent again, and it was another sword.

Li Chan's expression was ferocious, and it was the first time in decades that he was so humiliated.

Accompanied by a roar, his fists began to emit a strange red light, but it was Li Chan who poured all the strength of his body into it, and Qingdi City's world-shattering boxing technique pierced the sky without reservation.

boom!

The right fist collided with the tip of the sword again.

After a brief confrontation, Li Chan's fist was bounced away, and the blade of the sword pierced his chest in an instant, and his tall body was also knocked flying.

Then it was the same picture again.

Every time Shen Yu took out his sword, there was a burst of blood.

Every sword hit the highest point of Li Chan's punches, and then easily knocked him into the air when the connection between his two strengths was unstable.

It's a very ordinary attack with a sword, but it's just the continuous force of the sword, which made Li Chan feel powerless to fight, and how many walls were knocked into the air.

Half an hour later, Li Chan was hit by the wooden sword again, then suddenly spit out a mouthful of blood, and knelt down on one knee.

"How is it possible... Impossible..."

Li Chan's eyes were full of puzzlement and pain, and she muttered to herself, "You are obviously lower than mine, why...why are you like this?"

"I said that your vision and understanding of martial arts are too poor."

Shen Yu looked calm and said, "Although your talent is fair, your understanding of Tao is like a person who has just entered the Tao, but these are not important, you are indeed too weak."

Shen Yu lifted the wooden sword.

"No way!"

Someone in the distance stopped loudly.

Shen Yu ignored it and stabbed down with a sword.

Ding!

Shen Yu's wooden sword was bastardized by some hard object and deviated from its original trajectory.

In an instant, a figure appeared in front of Li Chan, bringing a breeze.

A monk, very young, with bright eyes, wearing a coarse Zen robe and straw sandals.

Shen Yu turned her head to look at the ground, and a black stone was tightly embedded in the ground.

It turned out that the hard object that hit his wooden sword just now was just an ordinary stone, and the distance at that time was tens of feet away.

For a monk with such advanced cultivation, Shen Yu already knew where this person came from.

Western Regions, Lingyin Temple.

The monk asked: "Why did the benefactor want to kill this person?"

The voice was calm and peaceful, without the slightest hint of blame.

With vicious eyes, Li Chan said, "Master Huike, he is Shen Yu, the new disciple Shen Yu who has been recruited by the head of the Taoist sect these years, and he killed all twenty-six members of the Shen family in Nanhe City. Capture him quickly."

Hui Ke frowned and looked at Shen Yu in surprise.

Shen Yu's expression was indifferent, and he suddenly asked: "But Zen Huizi?"

The monk folded his palms together and said, "It's the Zen sect, my little monk Huike."

Shen Yu said: "It turns out that it is the Buddha of this generation."

Since the announcement of Ling Yunbang on the third floor of the academy, the younger generation of all the holy places in the world have also been exposed to the eyes of people in the practice world.

For example, the martial idiot Li Yi from Qingdi City, He Pianpian from Yaochi Wonderland, and Kunlun Wanjianyi are some of the most famous young cultivation seeds in Linghuang Continent.

Among them, Huike, one of the nine holy places, the contemporary walker of Lingyin Temple in the Western Regions, is even more so.

In Ling Yunbang, he ranked fourth.

The young monk was silent for a while, then said: "What Li Chan said just now, is it true?"

Shen Yu said: "So what if it is, so what if it's not?"

"If not, of course nothing will happen."

Monk Huike's face became serious, and he said, "But if you really did such an inhumane thing, as a contemporary Buddhist disciple of Lingyin Temple, your cultivation base will be abolished and you will be handed over to the Taoist sect for disposal."

His tone was firm, with a faint hint of Buddhist Vajra.

Shen Yu looked at those firm and clear eyes indifferently, as if thinking of something, a hint of appreciation flashed in his eyes.

After a while, Shen Yu put away all his emotions and said, "You want to stop me?"

The young monk shook his head and said, "Naturally."

Shen Yu said: "Then there is only one fight."

Monk Huike stared at Shen Yu without saying a word, and after a long time said seriously: "You can't beat me."

The tone was very calm, without other emotions, it seemed to be saying a simple truth.

Ranked fourth on the Lingyun list, his realm has far surpassed his peers, so he naturally has this kind of arrogance.

Shen Yu didn't refute him, but said lightly: "The others are too weak, only you are good, so I want to use you to practice my hands."

This remark is a bit insulting, the young man seems to regard him as a training partner, if other people would have been furious, but the monk Huike still looked calm and said: "I will take your sword."

Shen Yu was not surprised. Lingyin Temple's walk in the world has always been this kind of character. He didn't expect that after three thousand years, it still hasn't changed.

Shen Yu breathed a sigh of relief and raised his sword slightly.

The sword energy above the wooden sword emitted a faint light, and then another long blood-colored dragon circled from the sword body to the right wrist of the young man, like a living thing.

In an instant, the wind picked up.

The snowflakes accumulated in the courtyard began to blow with the wind.

And the snow falling from the sky dances in the air, like a frightened bird.

The sword intent is like a dragon.

Li Chan stared at this scene with her eyes wide open, her expression was no longer as arrogant as before, and she carefully hid behind Huike.

Huike looked dignified, clasped his hands together, and the coarse Zen robe moved with the wind.

He said that he received Shen Yu's sword, which was naturally true.

"Hold the sword, cut the mortal world!"

Shen Yu closed her eyes and murmured: "The name of the sword..."

The blood-colored long dragon on the sword body suddenly burst into blood, covering the boy's entire right hand in an instant, and then Shen Yu opened his eyes and said, "The sword name is Pianhong!"

Countless snowflakes turned into a huge white long sword in the form of a tornado, piercing straight ahead.

The sword energy is vertical and horizontal.


		