

The sky deep in the mountain was clear and bright, so if someone looked up, they would find the black shadows above the clouds particularly eye-catching.

There are more than a dozen people standing in the sky above the sky, each with a knife.

Chilling, cold.

The leader is a cruel man with a sharp face, and the arrogance of a sturdy warrior is particularly domineering.

If someone in the practice sees clearly the realm and cultivation of this group of people, they will be shocked beyond measure.

A Void Shattering Realm martial artist comparable to the upper three realms, two sword cultivators at the pinnacle of the Skyshattering Realm in the fifth realm of martial arts, and a dozen young disciples who have experienced life and death.

Looking at the sects in the world, they can be said to be a force that should not be underestimated.

Looking at the dilapidated barren mountain village not far away, a hint of impatience flashed in the eyes of the capable man.

A few days ago, I heard that a famous cultivator resisted Li Moran's three swords and survived. For some reason, the female sword fairy who had been reclusive all the year round was furious, and seemed to have gone to Qianliu City in person.

But this time, in order to repay Li Moran's kindness from decades ago, he accepted the other party's request, and went out of the mountain to chase and kill the young monk who had shown his might in Qianliu City.

In his opinion, this is actually a very boring thing.

Even if the opponent was lucky enough to block Li Moran's three swords and survive, it was probably at the end of his battle, and he was mentioned to have brought so much powerful combat power.

But the only problem was that along the way, there was no trace of the young practitioner, which made him very annoyed.

There is no Taoism's unique mind and magic power, and there is no special search magic weapon. If the other party is determined to hide all his breath somewhere, what can he do? Is it possible to really search for decades?

More importantly, because of some unspeakable thoughts, both he and the female sword fairy knew that this action must not be delayed for too long.

These days, I searched hard to no avail, and when I was bored, I destroyed many mortal villages and low-level sects as a pastime, and finally found this place by relying on some clues.

A confidant behind him stepped forward and whispered, "There is a remote village ahead, do you want to check it out?"

The stalwart man narrowed his eyes and said lightly: "Come on, let's go and have a look, if there is one, kill it."

The confidant bent slightly and said, "If not?"

The man sneered and said: "Then kill them all, there is no need for these ants like people to exist."


After the middle-aged man walked out of the small town, his figure became ethereal. It was obviously just a few steps that were taken lightly, but in the blink of an eye, he was tens of feet away, and disappeared into the distance almost instantly.

There is a circular basin hundreds of feet away in front of the small mountain village. In the center there is a steep boulder like a pine tree. The man instantly appears on top of the boulder, with his arms crossed and his head held high.

He looked at the black shadow that was getting closer and closer in the sky, and made a pose that he thought was very stylish.

After a while, the middle-aged man froze for a moment, and said, "Hey, hey... Hey!"

The black shadow continued to move forward, turning a blind eye.

The middle-aged man stared, jumped up and cursed: "Your mother, look down!"

The black shadow flickered away.

The man who showed off his figure to the blind man became furious, stomped his feet, and shouted, "Get back to me!"

Boom!

With a sudden shock, the only remaining sea of ​​clouds in the sky exploded.

The sharp man with the knife suddenly turned his head.

Dozens of figures appeared not far from the middle-aged man almost instantly.

The leading man glanced at him and said, "Looking for death?"

Facing the unfriendly gazes of so many practitioners, the middle-aged man who is now just the owner of the restaurant raised his broken gun, smiled and nodded, "Yes."

Someone in the crowd suddenly grabbed the handle of the knife.

There is no wiggle room.

The light of the knife burst out, and he rushed forward, as if he was going to split this inexplicable guy in half in the next moment.

The middle-aged man scratched his ears and clicked twice.

Only a slight penetrating sound was heard.

The young disciple who threw out the saber at the first word of disagreement suddenly stopped in the middle of the road, his hands were still holding the saber, his face was dull, and then he fell straight to the ground.

Suddenly there was a small blood hole in his heart, silently.

Everyone's eyes were fixed, and they retreated one after another.

The stalwart man grasped the handle of the knife in an instant, with a serious expression on his face, and said coldly: "A member of the Taoist sect?"

The middle-aged man rolled his eyes and cursed: "You are the Taoist, and your whole family is from the Taoist."

Everyone in Broken Blade Mountain was taken aback, as if they couldn't react.

When was it so shameless to be a Daoist?

"Shen Yu, I'll save it, get out!"

The middle-aged man seemed to have a sudden change of mood, and he said, "Otherwise I'll send you back to life with one shot."

The stalwart man narrowed his eyes slightly, and said, "What Shen Yu, we just want to find the casual cultivator who offended Elder Li Moran of Duanren Mountain dozens of days ago."

"Oh, when did Broken Blade Mountain become blind and deaf? Daozong Shenyu's name has long been spread all over the holy land in the world. Others did not hide their name when they came out. Are you so ignorant?"

The middle-aged man with the broken gun sneered, and said disdainfully: "Just playing some tricks to cover your ears and steal the bell, thinking that you can kill him casually by pretending not to know his identity? What kind of bastard woman sword fairy, her brain was kicked by a donkey. "

Then the middle-aged man lowered his head, rubbed his chin and sighed: "Besides, even if I really want to come, I have to find a few good enough to see. I might just find a chance to sneak away. Whoever's apprentice will keep it by himself. He Damn, it turned out that there are so many small fish and shrimps, hey, what a fucking bad luck."

The stalwart man clearly heard the other party's words, his eyes narrowed, and his thumb slowly rubbed the handle of the knife in his hand.

The man raised his head, grinned and said, "This is the second time you have shown your killing intent, and you still have one last chance."

The capable man's eyes flickered, and he asked tentatively, "Aren't you from the Taoist sect?"

The middle-aged man sighed, shook his head and said, "You really want to die."

In the blink of an eye.

Countless sand and dust rolled up above the ground, surrounding the middle-aged man.

"kill!"

The stalwart man gave a loud shout, and all the disciples behind him showed astonishing execution ability, almost at the same time they drew their swords and rushed towards the middle-aged man, as if the previous man's intimidation was useless.

The latter was careless and flicked his right hand.

A jet-black streamer galloped out.

The middle-aged man kept moving, so countless spear shadows suddenly appeared in his hand.

In a square inch, there are thousands of gun shadows.

Such as violent wind and rain, ten thousand thunders.

Hundreds of feet away, the wind and sea are calm, but within a hundred feet, there is no life.

All the young disciples of Broken Blade Mountain didn't seem to react, they were hit by continuous gunshots and died on the spot.

After three breaths.

There was no one alive in the arena.

above the sky.

The stalwart man who barely escaped from the range of the terrifying gun shadow had a gloomy expression, and the eyes of the two sword-breaker warriors beside him could not hide the horror and fear in their eyes.

The middle-aged man raised his head, pretending to be surprised, and said, "Hey, don't run away yet."

The stalwart man firmly held the handle of the knife in his hand, concealed his trembling left hand, gritted his teeth and said coldly: "If you have the ability to kill me, I, the Broken Blade Mountain Knife Cultivator, has never been afraid of death, and will never..."

"Go to hell then."

The middle-aged man lazily interrupted the opponent, retracted the broken gun with his right hand, and turned the handle of the gun slightly.

Gun Qi rippled out slightly.

Thunder exploded between heaven and earth.

Above the clouds, a bright spear light in the shape of a beam of light appeared in the sky.

next breath.

The three people who were trapped by the shadow of the black spear instantly became like glass, and then crackled like porcelain, turning into fragments and faintly disappearing between the heaven and the earth.

The body dies and the road disappears.

Desperate.

Different from the dazedness of the other two, the stalwart man heard that terrifying gunsmith whispering in his ears, "When I was practicing guns, it was the most normal thing not to be afraid of death, but how did you get here?" Has it become such an honorable thing in your mouth?"

"I'm not a woman. Is it possible that I still have a crush on you and want to be your daughter-in-law?"

"If you want to die, then go die!"


On a small hill away from this world, there were two people standing.

Young Qingshan's lips were trembling, and he looked at the scene in front of him with a pale face, and stammered: "Uncle...uncle...he is too good! He is really a fairy."

Standing beside him, Shen Yu looked at the magnificent scenery above the clouds, and said, "It's such a great spear to enter the world."


		