

"You know me?"

The woman was extremely shocked. It is normal to be able to recognize the newborn sword spirit, but the matter of the innate Taoist body is a top secret matter of Duzhen Hall, and no one knows about it except the master and the head.

How did he know?

Shen Yu nodded slightly and said, "I've heard of you."

The disciples of the last two generations of Daozong have some disciples with outstanding talents, like Fang Henzhi and Chen Jianzhi from the Qinglu Palace, and Yu Jianer from the Duzhen Palace are beyond the reach of others.

But among them, the most legendary person is the little senior sister Yu Wenwen who abandoned the Tao and practiced the sword and worshiped under the master of Duzhen Palace.

The female sword fairy came to Daozong on the first day, and she showed her talent in cultivating Taoism. The real Daofan, the head of the sect, personally commented: "The talent is the best in the Taoist sect."

However, the most unexpected thing is that this little senior sister actually gave up cultivating Taoism and became obsessed with practicing swords, only wanting to compete with the one from the Northern Sword Fairy City.

When Shen Yu saw the jade sword, she thought of this person, and now she looked at her face, and naturally recognized her.

It's just that seeing it with his own eyes now, it turns out that this woman's talent is higher than he imagined.

What surprised him even more was that she was also an innate Taoist body.

Yu Wenwen parted her red lips lightly, and was about to say something when the long sword began to tremble uncontrollably again, and the sword spirit was even more agitated, as if it would rush out of the sword at any moment.

Seeing this, there was a wry smile on the woman's alluring face.

The spirit of the treasure tool is transformed by the aura of heaven and earth. She disdains to inherit the spirit of the treasure tool that has recognized the master, so she refines a natal fairy sword by herself.

It was after many years of tempering on Fenbao Cliff that the sword spirit was born.

It's just that what she didn't expect was that this newborn sword spirit was so naughty and didn't obey her orders at all.

Shen Yu said: "For mortals, after a child is born, if they encounter disobedient ones, what do you think they will do?"

Yu Wenwen raised her head and asked, "How?"

Shen Yu glanced at the naughty sword spirit, and said lightly: "Find a wooden stick, just beat it up."


The scene suddenly became quiet.

Yu Wenwen looked surprised, and the sword spirit's eyes widened, looking at Shen Yu like a fool.

"Indeed."

Shen Yu took out a three-foot bamboo stick from her bosom, and said, "How about I try?"

When Yu Wenwen heard this, she looked down at Sword Spirit, who kept shaking her head, with tears in her eyes, and even hugged her arm with a pitiful expression on her face.

Yu Wenwen nodded the sword spirit's eyebrows, and said tentatively, "Go back to the sword body?"

Jian Ling hesitated for a while, then slightly raised his head to peek at Shen Yu, just in time to meet the latter's indifferent eyes.

The little girl trembled uncontrollably, turning into a ray of spiritual light and dissipating in the sword body.

At the same time, the long sword finally stopped trembling.

Yu Wenwen saw a problem that she couldn't solve with countless efforts, and she actually solved it in such an understatement. She stayed for a while, and then she came back to her senses and said, "Thank you."

"Need not."

Shen Yu sighed softly, the woman was still too gentle, three thousand years ago, she treated the fairy Tianxuan's spirit much more roughly.

When the boy's thoughts drifted away, he suddenly heard the sound of trees breaking and beasts roaring from the forest on the left.

Then, dust and smoke rose.

Yu Wenwen raised her eyebrows lightly, turned around and walked over.

Shen Yu didn't seem to care, she sank and prepared to go down the mountain.

Then there was another mournful cry, and Shen Yu heard something strange from it, so she stopped in her tracks.


In the forest, a fox and a giant snake are confronting each other.

At this time, the spirit raccoon was overflowing with aura, and its shiny fur stood upright, covered with blood, and there was a huge wound on its hind leg.

The blue eyes were full of anxiety and anger.

On the other side, the giant snake kept circling around the fox, and the snake in its mouth let out a cruel hiss in disbelief.

Standing beside the woman in red, Shen Yu said: "This mountain is the most important place in Taoism, and there are such fierce beasts. It seems that this giant snake has been practicing for a hundred years, and it receives spiritual treasures every day." After refining the spirit, there is already a slight phenomenon of turning into a dragon, if it swallows this spirit raccoon, after thirty years, it will become a dragon."

Yu Wenwen held the long sword in her hand and said: "The spirit raccoon is kind, and it is a beast in the mountains. This giant snake is cold and cruel. At this time, you should help the spirit raccoon."

Shen Yu looked at the two monsters, and said lightly: "Monsters are good and evil, but I don't like them or hate them in my heart."

Yu Wenwen glanced at him and said, "A cold-blooded person."

Shen Yu said: "For all things in the world, the fittest survive. The giant snake devours the raccoon to survive, and the raccoon resists to survive. This is the law of heaven. Why should I intervene?"

When the two were arguing, the giant snake found an opening and immediately entangled the raccoon, and then tightened its body. It seemed that the raccoon was about to suffocate to death soon.

The raccoon strenuously looked in the direction of the two, his eyes filled with endless hope.

"Perhaps you are right."

Unexpectedly, Yu Wenwen didn't refute, but... a sword casually.

The surrounding trees instantly turned into broken branches and leaves, and at the same time, the ferocious giant snake was cut off by the sword energy, and then stinky blood spewed out from seven inches of the snake's body, and its head and tail were broken in two.

"Very fierce."

Shen Yu looked at the woman in red and couldn't help clicking her tongue.

Yu Wenwen withdrew her sword and said calmly: "But I hate ugly things the most."

Hearing this, Shen Yu subconsciously touched her face, speechless.


Shen Yu walked up to the spirit fox that was lying on the ground, looked it over, and shook her head slightly.

Yu Wenwen said, "It looks hopeless."

The spirit fox was covered in blood, and some black blood flowed out from several wounds, presumably it was poisoned after being bitten by the giant snake.

Shen Yu said: "Spirited raccoons are naturally fast and don't like to fight. They rarely engage in life-and-death fights with other ferocious beasts, unless there are compelling reasons."

Yu Wenwen's eyes fell on the slightly puffed abdomen of the raccoon for a moment, and then with a light wave, a line of blood appeared on the raccoon's abdomen.

The raccoon wailed, and tried its best to look into the belly, wanting to take one last look.

Shen Yu squatted down and dug into the belly of the raccoon for a long time, almost covered with blood, and finally finally brought out a cub the size of a palm with both hands.

The cub's eyes are closed, and its body is covered with soft white hair.

Shen Yu breathed a sigh of relief and wiped the sweat from his forehead.

Yu Wenwen didn't take it, and said: "The first scent this young fox smelled was yours, and it will get close to you from now on. It seems that you will be very busy in the future."

Shen Yu said, "You don't want it?"

Yu Wenwen's eyes flickered with hesitation, but she finally shook her head and said, "My master won't let me."

Shen Yu said lightly: "He is a good boy."


		