

In the blink of an eye, a year has passed.

The disciples with the least talent in Cuizhu Peak have all reached the fifth level of Qi training, and Shang Yingluo has reached the ninth level of Qi training astonishingly, only one step away from being able to enter the Taoist realm, and go to Fenbaoya to obtain it. The natal magic weapon, and then become the real Taoist true biography.

It is said that it only took one year for the female sword fairy of Daozong to refine Qi to enter Taoism.

No one worried that she would fail, just like no one believed that Shen Yu could step into Fenbaoya.

Within a year, most people knew that there was an introductory disciple named Shen Yu in Cuizhu Peak, who was still at the first level of Qi training until now.

Just when everyone was working hard to step into Fenbao Cliff and obtain the magic weapon of life, an exciting news came.

The entry test is about to begin.

In this generation, Daozong recruited a total of more than one hundred people, some of them practiced in Cuizhu Peak, and the rest practiced in Yunwu Peak. Their guide was Li Hanyue, another disciple of the third generation.

The entry-level competition is a practice that Taoism has continued from hundreds of years ago. After the new disciples have practiced for a year, the two peaks of Cuizhu Peak and Yunwu Peak each select a few high-level entry-level disciples to compete.

Every time there is a competition, some elders of the Golden Core Realm from the Fourth Palace and the Seventh Peak will come to watch the battle, to check on these people's temperament, talent and some disciples who were originally optimistic.

Daozong, in front of Yanfa Palace.

Mingjian Daoist was dressed in Tsing Yi, walking in front with his hands behind his back, followed by a group of young disciples with extraordinary temperament.

"What qualifications does he have to participate? At the first level of Qi refining, he will be beaten up by those people from Yunwu Peak in the competition later. Not only will he lose his face, but we will also be ridiculed. "A sarcastic voice sounded from the crowd.

The young man who made the sound was called Jiang Shaoqiu, one of the few disciples in Cuizhu Peak who possessed the earth-level Taoist body. In the past year, his cultivation speed was second only to Shang Yingluo, and he often regarded himself as the elder brother of Cui Zhufeng.

As soon as he made a sound, everyone turned their eyes to the handsome young man at the back of the crowd.

What Jiang Shaoqiu said was right. Among the disciples who came this time, the lowest level of cultivation was at the fifth level of Qi Refining, and Shen Yu, who was only at the first level of Qi Refining, wouldn't it be humiliating and ridiculed to come here?

Mingjian also heard these words, and his face remained unchanged.

The lazy and withdrawn Shen Yu asked to come, which surprised him a bit, but he did not refuse.

Maybe this kind of competition can arouse the fighting spirit of this young man. After all, it would be a pity if such a genius with a clear mind and an earth-level Tao body should be wasted like this.

Shen Yu always walked far behind alone, completely ignoring everyone's eyes, looking at the surrounding clouds, mountains and seas of mist, feeling contented.

Yanfa Hall, one of the four halls of Daozong.

The majestic palace stands on the top of the mountain, only the corners of some buildings appear faintly in the clouds and mist.

In front of the hall is a wide square, which can't be seen at a glance.

As soon as everyone arrived at the square, they saw a person walking towards them with a greeting and a smile on his face.

"Senior Brother Mingjian, long time no see." That man was the same as Mingjian, also wearing a green robe, the difference was that he was holding a green jade flute in his hand.

Mingjian still looked indifferent, and said casually: "Junior Brother Hanyue, long time no see."

Both of them are third-generation disciples, and they are both the guides of this group of beginner disciples, so naturally there will be some competition.

Li Hanyue said with a smile: "Today's competition, you and I will have ten people from each peak, whichever side loses, this competition will end, how about it?"

Ming Jian looked at the high platform that had already been prepared, and said, "Yes."

The two guides competed with each other, and the disciples below also disliked each other, and everyone was eager to try, even if they were brothers from the same sect.

Young people, after all, are young and energetic.

Finally, a disciple of Green Bamboo Peak stepped onto the high platform first.

Jiang Shaoqiu pretended to be old-fashioned, bowed to everyone, and said loudly: "Jiang Shaoqiu, the disciple of Cuizhu Peak, which one of you will come first."

"The eighth level of Qi refining, this person is indeed qualified to be the first to take the stage, such a talent, really good."

Seeing this scene, Li Hanyue smiled slightly and asked, "Why didn't you see that talented legendary junior sister?"

Once Shang Yingluo enters Taoism, she will definitely be accepted as a true disciple by the masters of the fourth hall. In this case, her seniority will naturally be the same as his. It is not wrong to call her a junior junior sister at this time.

Seeing that he didn't want to say more, he said lightly: "She is entering Taoism in retreat."

"Tsk tsk, as expected of a legendary junior junior sister, this kind of talent is really enviable."

Li Hanyue sighed with emotion, and then continued: "I heard that there is another student named Shen Yu, who is an earth-level Taoist body. He has practiced for a year, but he is still at the level of Qi refining. Senior brother, how did you teach him? It's really difficult, haha."

Seeing and hearing the words, his complexion was a little ugly, and he didn't speak.

In this year's time, Shen Yu has long become an alternative to Taoist disciples, and has become a joke in their mouths.

Possessing a prefecture-level Taoist body, being lazy, not practicing, and traveling in mountains and rivers, in some people's eyes, it is obvious that there are certain problems with this guide.

Ming Jian suppressed his anger and turned his head to look at the back, and swept it, feeling a little helpless.

That kid is gone again.


Shen Yu left the crowd very early and walked to a remote mountain road alone. He was used to walking alone, and no one noticed him.

There are four halls in Daozong, Duzhen, Yanfa, Yuansheng, and Qinglu.

And there is a road to Linyuan in the back mountain of Yanfa Hall, named Wenxindao, which is one of the three wonders of Taoism.

This is why Shen Yu came here today.

The forest is deep and leafy, and the winding path leads to seclusion.

After Shen Yu walked through the woods, a huge stone platform suddenly appeared in front of him. The strange stone platform protruded from the cliff, and there was a wooden house not far away.

In the front, the stone bridge, which can only accommodate one person, connects the steep pinnacles floating in the sea of ​​clouds.

Surrounded by spiritual energy, the cold wind is cold.

Shen Yu came here for the first time and didn't know about this wonderful scene, but his Dao heart was clear, and he felt the breath in the back mountain when he first arrived at Yanfa Temple.

Wherever the aura is strong, he can feel it from a long distance away.

Without hesitation, Shen Yu walked forward slowly, suddenly raised his sword eyebrows, and turned his head to look.

The wooden house has two floors. An old man with white beard and hair is lying on the bamboo chair in the corridor on the second floor.

Shen Yu was a little surprised, because the person who could be spotted easily at first, but he barely realized it until he got close.

Some, unfathomable.

The old man closed his eyes tightly, and moved his right hand lightly, as if he was humming a ditty, he didn't even bother to pay attention to that handsome young man.

Shen Yu withdrew her gaze and continued to walk towards the stone bridge.

The aura on the stone bridge is not peaceful, the strong wind keeps blowing, making people unable to open their eyes, and under the bridge is the abyss, if you fall, you will be smashed to pieces.

When ordinary people see this situation, they will definitely not take risks easily, but Shen Yu just stepped on the stone bridge casually without the slightest hesitation.

The young man walked against the wind, with his long sleeves flying, and the cold wind did not hinder him.

The irregular aura hidden in the sea of ​​white clouds hit the blue gown from time to time, making the crisp sound of gold and iron clashing.

Above the wooden house, the old man slightly opened his cloudy eyes, a little moved.

After a while, Shen Yu walked down the stone bridge easily and came to the steep stone peak floating in the sea of ​​clouds.

Shen Yu stood facing the peak, in the clouds and mists in front of her eyes, countless illusory auras formed irregular lines, constantly flowing in the sky, turning over, sometimes colliding with each other, and sometimes scattered.

These lines are full of spirituality, intertwined into a dreamy fairyland.

But what Shen Yu felt was the tremendous power contained in those aura lines, even if it was a monk with a deep realm, as long as he touched a trace, his soul would be dissipated in an instant.

"good."

Shen Yu nodded slightly, unable to tell if he was satisfied or dissatisfied, then closed his eyes and took a breath.

These days, the spiritual energy in his body has accumulated a lot, but it still can't reach the critical point, and the speed of cultivation is still too slow.

So he needs to find something with stronger aura, and even more violent things, such as the aura of Lingbao hidden in the mountain behind the Yanfa Temple.

Between the heavens and the earth, a silver-white aura of Lingbao was sucked into the dantian of the Linghai along with his breath, followed by the second, and the third.

During the nine breaths, Shen Yu exhaled nine times, and a total of nine spiritual treasure qis merged into his body.

After nine breaths.

In the mountain behind Yanfa Hall, the sounds of cranes chirping and spirit insects chirping disappeared, and in the sea of ​​clouds, the spirits of those tumbling spirit treasures seemed to be much quieter.

The sudden calm came a little suddenly, as if it contained something, silently.

In the distance, the old man on the bamboo chair gasped and looked at the sea of ​​clouds, a little astonished.

Suddenly, the aura around Shen Yu exploded, then collapsed like a black hole, and disappeared into his body.

The handsome young man opened his eyes, as if there was a slight change in his body, but he didn't seem to, he turned and left.

"what's your name."

When Shen Yu returned to Shitai, he heard the voice of the old man asking.

"Shen Yu."

The mountain at the back of the Yanfa Palace is an important place of Taoism. If the old man is unwilling to leave by himself, things will be a bit troublesome. Thinking of this, Shen Yu still said his name.

"That Shen Yu from Green Bamboo Peak?"

"Um."

"Hehe, it seems that the rumors are not true. People outside have misunderstood you. Yes, would you like to enter my Yanfa Palace?"

"You are?"

“Dogen.”

"Really Daoxuan, the master of Yanfa Palace?"

"Yes."

Shen Yu understood, and nodded slightly, the old man should be here.

"Let's talk."

Reverend Daoxuan nodded, not paying attention to the other party's rudeness, and waved him away.

"The little girl who learned swords was here to watch the sea of ​​clouds back then. Outsiders only know that she spent a year here, but they don't know that the girl's year was just playing around. It only took nine days to truly practice and break through. One day, one heavy, and nine days later. It is entering the Dao Realm."

Looking at the back of the young man in green shirt leaving in the distance, the old man was a little unbelievable, and murmured: "And this kid... above the sea of ​​clouds, between nine breaths, one breath and one weight, almost stepped into the Tao, this kind of shocking broken The law of the realm, is it possible that a true immortal will appear in my Taoist sect decades later?"


		