

Yan Beiwang who was standing in the field was a little angry.

In his opinion, he should be the protagonist in this spring test, destroying the last hope of the Yang family with his own hands, and then accepting the Yang family's property as a matter of course.

It's just that he didn't expect that the first sentence he appeared on the stage would be ignored by the other party.

Shen Yu didn't respond, and didn't even look at him.

This bland neglect made him very angry.

Yan Beiwang narrowed his eyes, and said coldly, "Are you deaf?"

When Shen Yu heard this, she thought of something else instead.

He once killed Zhang Zhi when he was in Yixiantian, and it is said that he is also the distant cousin of Xun Ju, the master of Qinglu Palace.

I don't know what Xun Ju would do if he knew about it.

Shen Yu's eyes were a little thoughtful, but in the eyes of others, this was real contempt.

Yan Bei looked angry from his heart, his whole body surged with spiritual power, and the ground blew up with gusts of wind.

From the perspective of momentum, he can be regarded as a quite powerful warrior in this tiny place.

"Hehe, since your Excellency is so confident, then you will be offended."

With a light drink, there was a whistling sound in the air.

He rushed directly to Shen Yu, raised his right fist, and brought up afterimages.

When everyone in the venue saw this scene, they were all motionless.

The audience outside the stadium looked dignified.

Yan Beiwang was originally in the same line as the Qingxu sect, while the Dongfang family and the Gu family colluded together, and the only Nangong family who remained neutral obviously still sat on the mountain and watched the tiger fight.

This melee, in a sense, seemed unfair to Shen Yu at all.

Yang Yuanhao's face was slumped, and his heart was already ashamed.

how to spell? How else can I win?


Sensing the murderous aura and spiritual power in the air, Shen Yu glanced bewilderedly.

He really didn't have much interest in this competition. In the competition in front of Motianya Cliff and Patriarch Hall, the enemies he faced were much stronger than these people.

"If you dare to be distracted, you will die."

Yan Beiwang came to Shen Yu's body, and suddenly threw out his right hand.

In an instant, a dazzling golden light erupted from the right fist, which was extremely dazzling.

If it was an ordinary person, the eyes would be stabbed by this intentional light, and then they would not be able to see the opponent's next punching route.

But this kind of obscene and childish trick is obviously useless to Shen Yu.

Shen Yu didn't use the sword, but just took a light step forward.

very casual.

Without any weird and unpredictable moves, he turned slightly sideways, and the fist rushed straight out from the right side of his head.

Immediately afterwards, Shen Yu's right hand stretched forward slightly.

Under the shocked eyes of countless people, he pinched the other party's neck lightly.

"Too slow,"

An indifferent voice whispered in Yan Beiwang's ear, and Shen Yu exerted a little force with his right hand.

"stop!"

A voice exploded in the distance.

Shen Yu ignored it.

As Yan Beiwang's feet got closer and closer to the ground, his face gradually turned red, and then turned pale again.

"boom!"

A black cloud enveloped the two of them in the sky.

It turned out to be a majestic figure.

Gu Ming, who was tall and ugly, fell from the sky and fell on Shen Yu's head.

boom!

The floor tiles of the round platform exploded, and the ground where Gu Ming's feet stepped on has been sunken into a big pit.

The breeze blows.

Gu Ming subconsciously turned his head and punched behind him.

Just in mid-air, he forcibly changed the trajectory of his body, so that he should be hugged by both hands.

It turned out that Shen Yu directly threw Yan Beiwang over ten feet away.

The latter was unconscious and had no consciousness at all.

"The speed is so fast!"

"His movement is too weird, which sect is it from?"

Someone exclaimed, with a face full of disbelief.

Immediately afterwards, countless soldiers transformed from aura rushed forward in the air.

The soldiers killed coldly and their morale was high.

Dongfang Duan made a move. He held a pen-shaped magic weapon and waved it in the air, and a group of soldiers condensed their energy into shape at any moment.

He had previously lost to the other party on the most proud painting path, and this move was obviously intended to save face.

The aura in the air fluctuated frequently, and groups of soldiers rushed towards Shen Yu from all directions.

Yan Yunyu, who had a dragon and tiger jade pendant hanging from her waist, narrowed her eyes slightly.

The method the other party used just now made him feel a little afraid.

Dongfang Duan felt the meaning conveyed by the other party, gritted his teeth, and shouted: "Do it."

Hearing this, Gu Ming bent his knees, squatted deeply and slammed into Shen Yu with great momentum.

Seeing such unscrupulous actions of the three families caused many people outside the venue to stare and discuss.

Yang Pan'er was furious, and yelled towards the Qingxu faction: "Shameless!"

Of course, no one responded from several companies.

A little face, compared with the prosperity of the family, is really nothing worth mentioning.

Unlike others, Shen Yu moved at this moment.

The fingers of his right hand moved slightly, and swiped in the air.

Shen Yu said, "I'm teaching you how to draw."

Afterwards, he saw a mountain-moving man appear out of thin air, his muscles surging, his power exploding, and he roared into the sky.

The art of Taoism is amazing.

As the aura continued to explode in the air, the soldiers besieged from all directions were instantly torn to pieces by the mountain warriors.

boom!

The magic weapon of the writing brush exploded.

Dongfang Duan suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, and his whole body fell heavily from the round platform.

At the same time, Gu Ming was just getting close, and his right foot was raised, and his momentum was heavy.

Shen Yu looked indifferent, and casually glanced at Moshan Hercules.

boom!

The wrestler collided with Gu Ming's fist and kicked out a bright brilliance.

Then Shen Yu pointed lightly with his right hand, plainly.

Gu Ming's hill-like body flew upside down in an instant, and hit the ground fiercely.

After finishing a series of actions, Shen Yu turned a blind eye to countless shocked eyes in the field, and started walking towards Yan Yunyu.

He has never been a good-tempered person.

And he still has a lot of things to do, he can't waste time here all the time.

If you don't agree, hit it until you agree.

Seeing this scene, Yan Yunyu felt cold hands and feet.

Growing up steadily under the blessing of his parents since he was a child, he had a sense of fear for the first time.

Yan Nantian's eyes were gloomy, he didn't expect this person to have such a high level of cultivation, and after a lot of thought, he looked directly at the last of the four families in the field.

Nangong family.

Although the Nangong family has always been proficient in deduction and calculation, the method of formation is also extremely lethal to the enemy, and it is impossible to guard against.

If the two join hands, there may still be a glimmer of hope.

Nangong Rou felt this gaze, but turned a deaf ear to it, as if she didn't see it at all.

Yan Nantian's lips moved slightly.

Behind Nangong Rou and the extremely family elders all changed their colors, as if they had heard some terrible news.

The atmosphere in the air instantly became weird.

Shen Yu saw all this, and then looked at Nangongrou again.

He had seen it once before, and it represented a doubt, asking if the other party would do anything.

The meaning is the same this time.

Nangong Rou didn't hide anything, smiled and said: "Master Yan said that as long as he can get rid of you, he will share the fairy jade vein with my Nangong family in the future, believe it or not."

Shen Yu said, "I don't believe it."

Nangong Rou said with a smile: "Haha, I don't believe it either, so I refuse."


		