

There are many disciples in the Taoist sect, and the Law Enforcing Pavilion is an important hall responsible for regulating the words and deeds of the disciples. Over the years, with the gradual growth of the new generation of disciples, the elders and deacons who were in charge of this kind of hall gradually retired. These rights are now in the hands of a new generation of disciples.

Chen Jianzhi is one of the best disciples of the new generation.

The conversation between the two quickly attracted the attention of the surrounding disciples. They discussed in low voices with different expressions.

Shen Yu looked at the handsome man with his chin still raised, feeling a little displeased.

Because he was sitting while the other was standing, and his attitude was very proud.

When was the last time such a person appeared? At that time, he cut a sword casually.

It's just that the current situation is a bit troublesome.

Chen Jianzhi didn't know that there were so many thoughts in the young man's mind. Seeing him like this, he thought he was being suppressed by the Law Enforcement Pavilion, and he was even more contemptuous in his heart, saying: "Senior Sister Yu is not someone like you who can climb high, I No matter what method you used to get close to her, from now on, you'd better stay away from her."

Shen Yu stood up, stroked the roast chicken in his hand, and there was a wave of spiritual energy in the air.

Everyone suddenly felt a chill around them, and Yan Qingshu, who was watching this scene not far away, even changed his expression, and then his figure disappeared, appearing in front of the two of them in an instant.

hum!

A slight breeze spread over Yan Qingshu's body.

Afterwards, Yan Qingshu said: "The law enforcement hall is in charge of the sect's laws and regulations. Why is it starting to take care of the disciple's private affairs now? It's too lenient."

Chen Jianzhi said expressionlessly: "How can such a lazy and frivolous person participate in the trip to Fenbaoya?"

Yan Qingshu sneered, "None of your business."


Everyone never thought that such a gentle female uncle would scold at the slightest disagreement.

Chen Jianzhi's face was livid, and he stared at Shen Yu fiercely.

Shang Yingluo didn't know when she was standing next to the handsome young man with the cub in her arms, and stared at him coldly.

Shen Yu rubbed the little girl's head, and passed the roast chicken in her hand.

He has never been a good-tempered person, the stroke just now is his own character.

It's just that she was blocked by Yan Qingshu, and since the female uncle came forward, Shen Yu didn't care too much.

"I want to bet with you." Chen Jianzhi said bitterly.

"If you get the inheritance of the spirit treasure and the spirit in Fenbaoya, I will do whatever you want. If you don't get it, you will not be able to get close to Senior Sister Yu in this life."

Shen Yu didn't speak.

After a long time, just when Chen Jianzhi couldn't help but want to be sarcastic, the handsome young man nodded.

"Can."


After Chen Jianzhi left, everyone looked at Shen Yu one after another, unable to understand why he agreed.

The trip to Fenbaoya requires not only strength, but also opportunity, both of which are indispensable.

Moreover, he was really so confident that he would not lose when he gambled with his senior brother from the previous session?

Shen Yu looked flat and didn't care.

Yan Qingshu was full of appreciation, she knew very well how amazing it was to be able to easily withstand the pressure of Lingbao on the mountain of Fenbaoya for such a long time.

What surprised her even more was that just now, the young man still chose to attack someone with a higher level than himself. Even Chen Jianzhi himself did not realize that way.

Shen Yu is a more proud person.

Shen Yu looked at Yan Qingshu and said, "Uncle Yan, you seem to be very optimistic about me."

Duzhendian has never been involved in the affairs of the sect, and Yan Qingshu blocked his own attack, but in fact he defended himself in a certain way.

Yan Qingshu said with a smile: "Someone has asked me before."

Shen Yu pondered for a moment, then said, "Yu Wenwen?"

Yan Qingshu nodded slightly, and said with a smile: "You should be called Senior Sister Yu."

Shen Yu remained silent, she didn't expect that woman to be so thoughtful, she guessed from the very beginning that Chen Jianzhi would come to trouble her.

And because of her, Yan Qingshu did not hesitate to quarrel with the people in Qinglu Palace.

"It was the first time I saw Wenwen beg for help, and it was for a man."

Yan Qingshu patted him on the shoulder and said, "I like you."

Shen Yu was at a loss, a little puzzled.

What does she like about me?


A few more days passed.

The coercion of Lingbao has brought many benefits to everyone, not only has the cultivation level improved a little, but also the physique has become much stronger.

The number of steps to climb the stairs is also increasing every day.

However, Shen Yu became lazy again.

Even Shang Yingluo took the white raccoon to the mountain several times in the following days, but Shen Yu never looked at the mountain again.

In his free time, some news came from the Green Bamboo Peak in the outer gate.

A girl named Yang Liu was originally very ordinary in aptitude, but her realm improved rapidly. She was completely different from before. Arrived at the inner gate of Daozong.

The other incident was that in the yard of a certain elder, a Guanyin bamboo plant that he had raised for a long time was broken by someone, causing the old man to yell at him.

These things made many disciples more talk and fun when they were bored. After hearing about it, they forgot about it.


On the side of the cliff.

The woman in red stood with her hands behind her back, her beautiful face was reflected in the stream flowing beside her, and on the other side, there was another figure.

Yan Qingshu said with emotion: "Daozong has been the most free and lazy disciple for hundreds of years, and he is none other than him."

Yu Wenwen said: "Can you let him enter Duzhen Palace?"

Yan Qingshu's complexion changed slightly, and she sighed in her heart, was it too fast? If she brought a man back like this, wouldn't she be afraid that her senior sister wouldn't be able to accept it?

Yu Wenwen said seriously: "Master, he is very talented."

Yan Qingshu was a little surprised, and said, "Really?"

Yu Wenwen nodded, and said softly: "He is very pure, there are no impurities in his eyes, I have only seen such eyes on the face of the master."

The evaluation is simple and high.

Yan Qingshu understood what she meant, and said seriously: "Duzhen Hall has never recruited male disciples, I'll go back and ask my senior sister, maybe I can make an exception."

"it is good."

Yu Wenwen looked at the young man who was fishing by the stream, and suddenly asked curiously: "Uncle Yan, why is he going fishing? Is it really because of boredom?"

Yan Qingshu said helplessly: "Shang Yingluo told me that the brocade chicken in the mountains is a little old, so I bought some brook fish for a change of taste."


Palace of Qing Law, Law Enforcement Pavilion.

Chen Jianzhi sat on the chair, took a sip from his teacup, and said to a short figure next to him, "You said he has been fishing these days?"

The little man nodded and said, "Yes, it's absolutely true."

Chen Jianzhi tapped the table lightly, silent.

After a while, he asked just now: "You said, is he sure that he can get the Lingbao inheritance, or is he giving up on himself?"

The short man sneered, and said, "Lingbao inheritance requires not only strength, but also a great opportunity. It's not easy for an introductory disciple of an earth-level Taoist body."

Chen Jianzhi heard the words and said with a smile: "It's true, let alone me, even the brother who hated me back then was extremely difficult to get here."

Then, he glanced at Yunshan in the distance, and continued: "I was also angry for a while, and I was fussy with a disciple who just started, and I lost my identity for no reason."

The short man flattered: "Brother is really open-minded."

Chen Jianzhi didn't answer, walked out of the Law Enforcement Pavilion slowly, looked at the countless beautiful scenery of mountains and rivers, and murmured: "This time, I will discuss my name in the Four Palaces, and you will definitely remember my name."



		