

Yunya City has been very peaceful these days.

The young master of the Jiang family was severely injured on the spot in the city. The usually domineering Jiang family unexpectedly did not take any revenge.

very quiet.

This makes some guys who want to watch a good show feel very boring.

at dusk.

Jiang Chuping was standing in the Jiang family's ancestral hall at this time, looking at the ancestral plaques in front of him, his eyes were indescribably dark.

The confidantes standing on both sides were silent like cicadas, not daring to make the slightest movement.

What Bailixi did to the three at the gate of the City Lord's Mansion naturally reached Jiang Chuping's ears.

Not to mention other people, just the young boy in black is enough to make people feel jealous. Unsurprisingly, he is the disciple of a certain great practitioner in Linghuang, not to mention his respect for Bailixi, who pretends to be aloof. From the perspective of scholars, the three must have deeper backgrounds.

Now the Patriarch of the family who has just stepped into the Immortal Ascension Boundary is still consolidating his realm in seclusion. As the eldest son, Jiang Chuping is now in charge of everything in the clan, so he naturally knows how to choose between things.

After weighing it for a while, he was willing to swallow this bad breath for no reason, after all, it was his own children who were wronged first.

It's just that other than that, other things can't be compromised.

As a result, today, after Bailixi's visit, he went so far as to ask his Jiang family to enter the assessment of Guiyun Immortal Sect, which is really absurd.

Even if the other party paid a price that was enough to make his heart flutter, he flatly refused. Bailixi didn't know how to practice, and he had no heirs in his family. Naturally, this matter was for those three outsiders.

Seriously injuring his son, and robbing him of the Jiang family's cultivation place, is really deceiving people too much.

Jiang Chuping made up his mind that even if this quota was wasted, he would not take advantage of those guys.

With a cold snort, Jiang Chuping strode out of the ancestral hall and walked slowly along a winding path.

The area of ​​Jiang's mansion is very large. At this time, after turning around seven or eight times, in the winding path leading to secluded places, there is a dark willow and bright flowers again, and a secluded green pool appeared in front of him.

The strange thing is that there are countless magic weapons and spiritual treasures of different shapes hanging above the pool water. These are the natal spiritual treasures that the heads of the Jiang family have sacrificed in the past.

And those spiritual treasures are exuding the spirit of spiritual treasures, which can be used to sharpen the Tao.

Jiang Chuping is also a practitioner, but limited by his aptitude, he is only a practitioner of the Golden Core Realm now, but no matter how busy he is on weekdays, he will definitely practice here every night and understand the meaning of Tao for an hour.

A boy with a kind face came in from the door.

Jiang Chuping said flatly: "Your brother is seriously injured, this time you will go back to Yunxianzong for him."

There was a gleam of joy in the young man's eyes, but more fear, he whispered: "My qualifications are too poor, I'm afraid I will lose face to the Jiang family."

"Go as soon as you are told!"

Jiang Chuping was full of impatience, and said with a cold snort, "I didn't expect you to be successful this time, you trash, even after so many years of practicing the exercises that my Jiang family has passed down from generation to generation, you still can't even practice the third level. "

The young man looked gloomy and dared not speak.

Since he was a child, he has not had any special qualities. He is not as good at reading as his younger brother Jiang Yuheng, and his cultivation qualifications are even further behind his younger brother.

But he liked to practice since he was a child, especially when he occasionally heard the Patriarch explain the true meaning of practice, he liked it even more.

With his hands behind his back, Jiang Chuping said in a cold voice: "Those guys want a place in my Jiang family, but I just won't give it to you! If you leave tomorrow, even if you disgust them, you must remember to stay with me for more than ten days. "

The young man with a kind face and a little fear had heard too many similar words, and his heart had long been numb. Just as he was about to say something, his face suddenly changed.

Pointing to the distant roof, he said in a trembling voice, "Father...look, there is a man over there!"

Jiang Chuping raised his head suddenly.

A delicate figure stood quietly on the roof covered with blue tiles.

Jiang Chuping's eyes flickered, and he said coldly, "Who's here?"

The man turned a deaf ear, put his hands behind his back, and looked at the pool of water in front of him.

Just when Jiang Chuping couldn't hold back and was about to make a move, the man said, "I want your Jiang family to go to Guiyun Xianzong's quota."

Jiang Chuping's thoughts changed sharply, and he immediately understood the identity of the person in front of him. He said with a sneer, "You have hurt my son, but you still want to rob my place in the Jiang family. Your Excellency is very brave."

"If I shot, he would be dead."

Shen Yu said indifferently: "Don't want to?"

Jiang Chuping narrowed his eyes and said, "I don't want to."

Shen Yu turned to look at him, and said lightly, "Death."

"I'm not afraid to flash my tongue." Jiang Chuping shouted angrily.

Afterwards, a magic weapon in the shape of a purple bell broke out of the water, and rushed towards Shen Yu with the rapid ringing of the bell.

Jiang Chuping's right hand kept imaginary markings, frantically driving this magic weapon that he had kept warm at the bottom of the pool all year round.

The visitor was too domineering, which already made him want to kill him right away.

Shen Yu didn't even look at it, flicking his sleeves, a quaint bracelet floated in front of him.

Seeing the breeze blowing by, the menacing magic weapon with bells was taken in instantly without any resistance.

Jiang Chuping couldn't feel the connection with Lingbao at all, and his expression changed drastically.

The next moment, he still didn't give up and shouted angrily: "Get up!"

The many magical treasures at the bottom of the pool began to tremble uncontrollably, and slowly rose into the air.

As the eldest son of the Jiang family's second generation, Jiang Chuping has practiced here all year round, and has long been connected with the spiritual mind of this place, so he can also drive those spiritual treasures in front of him.

"It's a little hard! I'll help you."

After waiting for a while, Shen Yu said, "Get up!"

I saw more than a hundred spiritual treasures densely packed in the air flying to the sky above the small courtyard in an instant, with a burst of inspiration.

Seeing this scene, Jiang Chuping felt his scalp go numb and his whole body trembled uncontrollably.

Because all the auras of Lingbao were firmly locked on him, if that person gave an order, then he might have been wiped out.

And this kind of shocking way of controlling things, even the Patriarch who has reached the Immortal Ascension Boundary cannot do it.

Shen Yu said indifferently: "Three breaths of time."

Jiang Chuping's expression was unpredictable, and he told him directly in his heart that if he hesitated, the opponent would definitely kill him with one blow.

But if the quota is given directly, what face will he have as the heir of the next generation of Patriarch?

Shen Yu said silently: "One..."

"Who are you? It's simply deceiving!"

The boy clenched his fists and stopped Jiang Chuping.

Jiang Chuping roared angrily, "Jiang Lan, get out!"

Shen Yu was expressionless and just glanced at him.

The young man felt as if his whole body was being crushed under a huge mountain, under the weight of ten thousand catties, his meager spiritual power was exhausted in an instant, and he was almost out of breath.

There was a sense of fear that he had never felt before in the kind boy's heart, and he subconsciously wanted to escape, but for some reason, he still stood firmly in place, resisting the coercion emanating from him.

Jiang Chuping had completely lost the will to fight, and said powerlessly: "Senior, be merciful, let him go, I promise you everything."

"no!"

I saw that young man who had never disobeyed his father's order in his life, even though his whole body was about to be crushed under the weight of ten thousand catties, he still gritted his teeth and said weakly, "It can't be like this!"

Shen Yu said calmly: "Why?"

The young man clenched his fists tightly and said loudly: "Because the Patriarch once said that people of my generation can be low-level and weak in technique, but when fighting others, they have a fighting spirit in their hearts. They can only advance and never retreat. They must not admit defeat !"

Jiang Chuping's eyes narrowed, as if he had met the eldest son who he regarded as the most disappointing for the first time.

For some reason, after the thin young man finished speaking, he felt an unprecedented aura appear in his chest, and the majestic pressure around him also disappeared.

Shen Yu said with a smile: "Your Patriarch is not very capable, but his tone is not small."

"You are not allowed to insult the Patriarch!"

The young man was furious, and he unleashed some immature five-element Taoism, and rushed straight in front of Shen Yu.

Shen Yu looked indifferent.

At this moment, an old voice with a smile suddenly remembered.

"Stinky boy, he is kind enough to keep his hand, but you still want to fight with your rudimentary skills."


		