

The cold wind swept across the land, and it was a winter night, and the temperature was extremely low.

Liu Shou, who had already felt nothing about the cold and heat, felt his hands and feet were cold.

“Heavenly heartless...”

Liu Shouyi's eyes were in a daze, and he murmured: "If there are really gods in the world, they look down on all living beings and are high above them. How could they do such things that violate the law of growth of all things?"

On the Great Way of Longevity, even Liu Shouyi, a great practitioner like Liu Shouyi, who is already extraordinary in the world, is as insignificant as the light of fireflies and the brightness of a bright moon.

Shen Yu said: "You don't have the slightest understanding of the name of heaven, so how do you know whether it is male or female? Is it good or bad? Even I don't know this kind of thing."

When the strong wind blew, Shen Yu looked up at the sky. When he stepped on the fairyland and thought he was invincible in the world, he had soared thousands of feet, but he didn't meet any living beings.

Shen Yu said: "However, since the temple carries the will of heaven, it is a bit interesting. If I have a chance in the future, I will go to see it in person."

The disheveled old Taoist priest was upset and didn't notice Shen Yu's tone of condescension at this time.

He suddenly closed his eyes.

After a while, he exhaled a foul breath.

Living between heaven and earth, especially practitioners who are connected with heaven and earth, they must be more careful when facing the problems Shen Yu mentioned, otherwise, if they are a little careless, the Dao will be unstable, and the Dao heart will be shifted, which will lead to madness.

He looked at the little guy in front of him, feeling a little unbelievable.

Not only is the other party already walking on this great road, but he can say these remarks calmly, but it is mainly because of the emptiness in Shen Yu's body.

There were several powerful practitioners in this night, but Shen Yu was able to talk with them calmly, without losing any momentum.

This momentum even makes people subconsciously ignore a little bit.

He just killed Zhong Shenluo with a sword.

That is a great practitioner who has crossed the tribulation realm.

Shen Yu suddenly said: "Since you are awake, don't pretend to be asleep."

Liu Shouyi smiled.

The little girl next to the two of them pretending to be asleep suddenly opened her eyes and blinked innocently.

She woke up early and just didn't feel the slightest bit about what the two of them had said.

Liu Shouyi, who always liked to travel around the world, smiled and said, "Lu Caiwei, would you like to take me as your teacher and follow me to Kunlun to practice?"

Shen Yu didn't speak.

Lu Caiwei hesitated for a while, then said sullenly, "Okay."

In the Kunlun Mountains, the top three Taoist priests had a strange expression.

All his life, his eyes were high above the top, he played games in the world, and he never took in a disciple. Who would have thought that the disciple he valued so much...why... so reluctantly?

The old Taoist suddenly looked sideways at Shen Yu, slapped his forehead, and showed a look of sudden realization.

Liu Shouyi stroked his beard with his right hand and chuckled: "There are trees in the mountains, and there are branches in the trees. You don't know if your heart pleases you, alas..."


In the next few days, I don't know what method Jiang Zhouyao used, but the disciples of Guiyun Xianzong seemed to have accepted this fact, and started the road of reconstruction.

It is an indisputable fact that Zhong Shenluo colluded with the land of Qianchuan, and no one dared to say anything about this kind of matter.

The actual strength of Guiyun Xianzong is far stronger than imagined, and the position of head teacher is the most important thing.

However, several elders who had returned to the Yunxian Sect for many years to practice in seclusion did not care about Jiang Zhouyao's taking charge of the sect, and even took the initiative to maintain the situation, which is very strange.

Shen Yu thought it was noisy, so she stayed in Jiang Zhouyao's quiet attic all the time.

Liu Shouyi was going back to Kunlun tomorrow, and Lu Caiwei was silent all day long, so the attic was very quiet.

Shen Yu stood in front of a row of bookshelves, flipping through a collection of ancient classics.

There was a coughing sound.

Shen Yu looked up.

I saw that the middle-aged scholar who showed great supernatural powers in Guiyun Xianzong not long ago seemed to have aged dozens of years overnight, with gray hair on his temples, but his face was as gentle as ever.

Shen Yu said, "What happened to her?"

Jiang Zhouyao said with a wry smile: "After knowing the whole story, he is annoyed with me."

Shen Yu glanced at him and said, "Is it worth it?"

Only a few people present knew that it would cost Jiang Zhouyao to forcibly manifest his holiness in the world and call out the appearance of a Confucian sage.

For practitioners, this move has cut off the Dao, and time is numbered.

"I don't have a few years to live, there is nothing worthwhile."

Jiang Zhou shook his head, bowed suddenly, and said seriously: "I have lost my cultivation now, so I can only repay it in another way, but that girl Yun Qing is dedicated to seeking Tao, but she has a strong temper. If it's difficult, please help me."

Shen Yu's expression was as usual, he naturally knew that the other party was so respectful to him, and what he valued was Daozong and the relationship with his senior brother Su Mo back then.

Shen Yu was silent for a while, and asked: "I'm curious, if you loved Yun Qing's previous life, but after reincarnation, she is not her, then what is the relationship between you and that little girl now? "

Jiang Zhou raised his eyebrows slightly, as if he didn't expect that the other party would have guessed this matter, and after a while he said calmly: "I only have guilt towards Yun Qing, and she only has respect for me, I can clearly tell the difference."

"worth?"

Shen Yu asked for the second time, but his eyes drifted away into the distance, a little dazed, as if he remembered something again.

Jiang Zhouyao covered his mouth heavily, and after finally recovering, he said, "Things in the world are the most complicated, and there is never anything worthwhile or not."

The scholar smiled softly and said, "If you feel that you owe her something, no matter what you do to make it up, it's not too much."

"What if she doesn't like it?"

"I like her, what does it have to do with her?"

"Regardless of life and death?"

"Regardless of life and death."

Shen Yu withdrew her gaze and said with a smile, "So that's how it is."

Shen Yu is not a curious person, but he still asked these things.

Because Jiang Zhouyao lost his cultivation and couldn't detect the movement around him, but he was aware of it.

So at this time, outside the attic.

The woman in the green shirt who finally understood what was going on stood still, her eyes were open, her hands tightly covered her mouth, she just squatted on the ground slowly, sobbing softly.

The middle-aged scholar suddenly turned his head, then looked at Shen Yu, and smiled helplessly.

"I'm afraid of trouble, so I don't like those oblique things, so let's just say it."

After Shen Yu finished speaking, she walked out of the attic.


Shen Yu walked within Guiyun Xianzong.

Countless disciples looked over with extremely strange eyes.

They knew that he was the person to be arrested in the Zongmen's killing order, that he had killed Ximen Guan, the elder who taught the Fa, and even knew that it seemed that even the head teacher Zhong Shenluo fell under his sword in the end.

Some people are afraid, some are resentful, some are shocked, all kinds of emotions come together to form an indescribable complexity.

Shen Yu turned a blind eye to these looking eyes, and walked leisurely by a lake, until he saw the beautiful figure standing beside the willow tree by the lake.

In terms of body shape, the woman in front of her can be regarded as the top in the world, even Shen Yu couldn't help but be slightly amazed.

There are no evil thoughts, only a kind of appreciation for beautiful things.

Lu Caiwei threw a stone into the green lake water with a calm expression.

Shen Yu stood beside her.

Lu Caiwei whispered, "What are you doing?"

Shen Yu looked at the rippling lake and said, "Do you remember what you told me in Pingyao Town?"

Lu Caiwei was taken aback for a moment, then her face flushed immediately, and she faltered, "What do you want...why?"

Shen Yu ignored her and said, "You told me that your way is different, so I want you to prove it to me."

Lu Caiwei was stunned, not knowing what to say.

Shen Yu said lightly: "I'm speaking for you, because you think that practitioners should not be so selfish, full of calculations, always weighing pros and cons, and the real way should not be so narrow, and at the same time, there is no such thing as I said in this world. So unsightly, there are always good things in the world, right?"

"Hmmmm."

Lu Caiwei's eyes lit up, because what the other party said was exactly what she thought but couldn't express.

Shen Yu continued: "It was because of your words that I agreed to take you all the way here."

Lu Caiwei was puzzled and said, "Why?"

"Because you're naive."

Shen Yu paused, and said calmly: "But in my opinion, the innocence that ordinary people think is the most beautiful thing in the world. Some people are born with it, but it gradually disappears after experiencing some things. , but you are different."

Naturally, what Shen Yu said would not be superficial. He could see the essence of a person's innermost being. This was the accumulation of countless years of experience, and it was also a very unimaginable ability.

Lu Caiwei blinked and asked, "Really?"

Shen Yu's patience at the beginning of the day, nodded slightly, and then continued: "But this is not good. A truly strong person lies in being able to look at the world with kindness and innocence after experiencing countless hardships. What do you think? The so-called Dao in the world is not good, then you must not let the world change you first, then you can be qualified to change the world, this is actually the case of Daoism’s keeping the original heart.”

Lu Caiwei said timidly, "But I don't want to change others."

Shen Yu shook her head and said: "It is already a great thing to be able to do the former, and if you can do the latter, then you are a true saint."

Lu Caiwei was silent for a long time before she said, "Why did you help me?"

Shen Yu smiled slightly at the corner of her mouth, rubbed her little head lightly, and said softly: "Because I was as stupid and naive as you a long time ago."

In the evening, the mountain wind has calmed down, the wicker roots are hanging down, and the afterglow of the sunset shines on the lake, which is extremely peaceful.

Lu Caiwei opened her eyes wide, suddenly remembered something, and then asked: "Then what about you now?"

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then shook her head and said, "Now I look at the world from another place, so in my eyes there is no distinction between good and evil."

Lu Caiwei was stunned, and said, "Then why did you kill that guy from the Land of Thousand Rivers?"

"I remember that I once said that although I have no prejudice against all beings, it doesn't prevent me from not liking a person."

"And I will not kill people in the name of the so-called good and evil, no matter whether the opponent is the land of Qianchuan or the academy, no matter what kind of person it is."

"If there is a reason, it is that I don't like it."

"I don't like it, that's the devil in my eyes."

Shen Yu said seriously: "So, I killed him."


		