

The sky seemed to be an endless pool of ink, and a powerful coercion emanated from behind the old man.

Shen Yu stood on the shore, and the sea water splashed and splashed his shoes, which was a little cold.

Su Mo mentioned to him that the famous young practitioners in the spirit shortage have all been assassinated by the land of Qianchuan recently.

And Shen Yu once killed Zhong Shenluo with a sword attack in Guiyun Xianzong. Naturally, the legendary Mingcao of the land of thousands of rivers could not forget this incident.

It's just that he knew this day would come, but he didn't expect it to come so soon.

Shen Yu said: "It seems that you really want to kill me."

He thought of the wreckage and night pearls in the bottom of the sea, it must have taken a lot of painstaking efforts to subdue the ghost from Yaochi's sight and successfully hide it for a long time.

But now that he came out in such a grandiose manner, it must be that Qianchuanzhi felt that he could bear the price of his exposure.

The hunchbacked old man stretched out his five fingers, and explained with a smile: "People in the land of Qianchuan have carried two sub-volumes of Mingshu with them since they started, and they all marked the kill level and combat power level of all practitioners in Linghuang. Coincidentally, in the young book, you just got promoted to the top three. '

In just a few years, Shen Yu shined in Daozong, entered the world and returned to Yunxianzong, fought on par with Qingdi Chengli in the same realm, and even forcibly resisted the three swords of the Duanren Mountain woman Daoxian, and finally returned to the world. Came out alive.

Many people have seen these things with their own eyes, and they cannot hide them. As long as they are willing, they will naturally know all about them.

And this kind of feeling, in the eyes of some practitioners at the top of Linghuang, naturally formed an indescribably powerful meaning.

Entering the WTO is invincible.

It is exactly the same as the two brothers of Daozong back then.

But for everyone in the land of Qianchuan, such a person absolutely cannot exist in the world.


Shen Yu looked at the other party's appearance. He had a very high realm and a strong aura, but he was already withered and old, and the spiritual sea in his dantian was gradually shrinking.

It's just that when the other party said these things, his face exuded a strange brilliance.

This kind of brilliance is very common in the mortal world.

Farmers in the countryside who survive on crops see the snow in winter, and scholars who study hard in the cold window will one day be awarded the gold medal, and they are alone in their hometown and only meet their old acquaintances.

Just because I have seen it, Shen Yu is even more puzzled.

For what purpose are there so many transcendent and holy practitioners who would rather give up their cultivation base, life and prestige, and desperately sacrifice their lives.

Three thousand years ago he didn't care.

But now he wondered why.

Shen Yu asked: "Is there a reason?"

"certainly."

The old man was decisive, and then sneered: "But you have no chance to find out."

The turbulent wind suddenly flooded the sky and the earth, the rock shook violently, and the deserted wooden house on the shore burst instantly.

The wooden crutch in the hand of the hunchbacked old man exuded scarlet blood, and the aura was terrifying, and it smashed towards Shen Yu's head in an instant.

Shen Yu raised her head subconsciously, and Jing Qingjian also drew a straight red line in her hand.

The sword sounded and came through the air.

The scarlet blood light collided with the sword light, causing countless sparks to explode.

The wooden sword returned to Shen Yu's hand, making cicadas.

Subconsciously, Shen Yu wanted to take off the sword again, and the wooden sword in his hand suddenly made an irregular trembling sound.

It seems to be protesting, and it seems to be a little dissatisfied.

Shen Yu remembered something and stopped Yu Jian's movements.

The next moment, Shen Yu held the wooden sword and began to draw extremely complicated lines in the air.

The speed was so fast that there were only afterimages left in the air.

Qingguang arrives again.

Then the scarlet wooden crutch hit the countless afterimage lines in front of Shen Yu's body.

The sword intent burst out, as majestic as a city god's tall building.

Countless dense cutting lines emerged in the air, abruptly blocking the opponent's first attack.

Seeing this scene, the old man's eyes were dark and impatient.

This matter must be done quietly, without leaving any flaws.

But in Yaochi, if you reveal too strong aura or means, it will definitely attract the attention of some people.

A faint gray light appeared in the right hand of the hunchbacked old man, and there was a muffled hum in the air.

Shen Yu did not choose to take the initiative to attack.

Because he knows that he is not the opponent of the opponent now.

The breeze suddenly picked up, and Shen Yu raised her foot and stepped on the wooden sword, her figure rose from the ground, and she flew towards the distance with her back to the old man.

"Can't run."

The hunchbacked old man sneered, disappeared in place, and stopped in front of Shen Yu the next moment.

The gray-black right palm slowly pushed forward, not fast, but the surrounding air began to tremble and deform.

Like an avalanche on a high mountain, go forward indomitable.

Such a powerful and mysterious Taoism has reached the level of the upper three realms. Even a practitioner of the Immortal Ascension Boundary, if a palm is touched on the chest, he will either die or be disabled.

It's just that the old man's eyes froze suddenly, because he saw clearly that the other party had been holding a mirror in his arms.

He had seen it in Qianliu City before, it was an imitation of Kunlun Zhao Yaojian.

The palm collided with the mirror.

There was a fiery light in the sky, and there were cracks in the air, which were dazzling.

The wind and waves blew up under their feet, and the sea breeze blew the black hair of the two of them at the same time.

The two air mechanisms confronted each other, and after a brief stalemate, the gray air in the palms of the hunchbacked old man became more intense, sweeping across his body, suppressing the white light forcibly.

Puchi!

Cracks began to appear on the mirror in Shen Yu's hand, spreading around at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Shen Yu looked as usual, no matter how precious it is, the imitation is still just an imitation.

Boom!

After a brief stalemate, the palm of the hunchbacked old man passed through the mirror, and the glass shards turned into spiritual energy and dissipated in the air.

The mirror is broken.

Shen Yu's figure then flew upside down and smashed into the ground, and a trace of blood overflowed from the corner of his mouth.

The knife spirit of the female sword fairy in her body has not been completely eliminated, but a new injury has ushered in.

Shen Yu lay on her back in the gravel pit, her eyes became colder and a little irritable.

The gap between the realms of the two parties is too great, and nothing can make up for these dispositions, skills, and anything else.

Since joining Taoism, every time the opponent's realm has surpassed him by too much, so the fight is very uncomfortable.

The practice time is too short.

Shen Yu thought that it would be great to shrink him by only one realm, or let him step into the Immortal Ascension Boundary.

Without the slightest hesitation, the hunchbacked old man transformed into the ghostly figure of Qianzhang again, then raised his right foot and stepped hard on his head.

His breath was shaking, and he was no longer as restrained as before, and he already had the intention of killing.

Seeing this scene, Shen Yu's eyes began to brighten, and sword intent rippled out from around her body.

In the years when he was in Daozong, he had deduced this situation countless times.

He also kept his hole cards to deal with the current situation, although the price was extremely heavy for Shen Yu now.

Shen Yu's eyebrows began to glow faintly, and a silent and extremely mysterious breath flew towards the sea of ​​clouds in the sky.

Just this moment.

The rainbow light in the distance lit up, with a strong and hot aura, galloping from above the sea.

The fog around him receded one after another, and he didn't dare to fight against it at all.

A circular beam of spiritual energy shook the sea again, and shot towards the hunchbacked old man.

According to normal circumstances, although this blow is powerful, it is not unstoppable.

But the timing just so happened that the old man's attention was all on Shen Yu, so it was already a step late when he noticed.

In an instant, the black shadow of the hunchbacked old man was hit by this fiery rainbow light, and the sound of explosions resounded heavily on the isolated island.

The black shadow dissipated, and the hunchbacked old man was thrown hundreds of feet into the sea.

Almost at the same time, a tall and straight figure landed on the sea reef, holding a fan in his right hand and clenched a fist in his left hand.

Liubo Mountain Seat Nine.

Shen Yu was a little surprised, he didn't expect that he would chase here himself.

Xi Jiu glanced around and said, "Where is the ghost? Where is it?"

Shen Yu looked at him silently without speaking.

After getting closer, I realized that this person born in Mount Liubo actually had big eyes and thick eyebrows.

He has thick eyebrows and big eyes, but his whole temperament is a bit feminine. Shen Yu can't describe this feeling, and feels a little happy, so he can't help but look at it a few more times.

Xi Jiu's eyes widened, a little anxious, and said, "Where did he go?"

Shen Yu was silent for a while, then said, "Why are you looking for him?"

Xi Jiuyi spoke uprightly: "Slay demons and eliminate demons!"

Shen Yu looked at the serious face full of righteousness, and thought of something, she twitched the corners of her mouth with a complicated expression.

"Has Liubo Mountain finally produced a strange thing?"


		