

Ah, my head hurts. Li Pingfan woke up this time and felt that the surroundings were very quiet. It was completely different from every time he woke up before. Li Pingfan slowly opened his eyes, and the surrounding was inexplicably quiet, and the silence was terrible. Li Pingfan stood up and thought. To see what happened, my God, I said how quiet it was, it turned out to be on a barren hill.

Ah, Li Pingfan yelled why every time I wake up, I always wake up in this place where no shit, Li Pingfan clenched his fists a little angrily, and suddenly hit the wall with force, Li Pingfan yelled, "Ah 'It hurts.

Alas, as expected, his cultivation was still gone, and Li Pingfan slowly closed his glasses again, and Li Pingfan would recall every time he woke up in the past 2,000 thousand years.

Li Pingfan has a secret, he will fall into a deep sleep every hundred years, this has lasted for more than 2000 years, and every time he wakes up, his previous cultivation will disappear, but the memory of every life will be remembered so clearly, And every time Li Pingfan wakes up, he will appear in a new star field, and he has to survive in each star field for a hundred years. After a hundred years, he will fall into a deep sleep again. Finally, in the last life, Li Pingfan He wanted to use the power of Chengxian to solve his own destiny, but he failed in the end.

Li Pingfan has also forgotten his origin, too long time has passed, he only remembers that he fell into a deep sleep at the moment when he was facing death in his first life.

After waking up again, he felt that the surrounding environment was very strange, and there were all kinds of herbs around him. After a period of time, Li Pingfan knew that this star field was called "Medicine Star". Living with medicine since childhood, every child knows thousands of medicinal materials before the age of ten, and every child is a physician.

In this way, Li Pingfan has lived on this planet for a hundred years. He thought it was a coincidence that he fell into a deep sleep before dying in this life on the medicine star. Breath, but fell into a deep sleep again after the end.

In this way, Li Pingfan lived for 2000 years. During this period, Li Pingfan also found many ways to resolve his own destiny, but none of them succeeded.

In the previous life, Li Pingfan had reached the pinnacle of transforming gods with great difficulty, and was about to break through his 100-year limit, which means that only after becoming an immortal can he escape from the shackles of the world's rules and live forever. In the previous life, Li Pingfan was the most powerful A chance to crack his damned fate.

But unexpectedly, he failed at the last moment.

'Hey' Li Pingfan will once again think of the time when he was going to break through the fairyland and step into the fairyland.

"Boom" in the sky

The sky exploded, and all monks of Shuyi came to watch, even some old monsters who hadn't left the customs for a long time, they all went out to watch. This is the catastrophe of becoming an immortal. Everyone in the immortal family who had appeared as immortals watched this shocking catastrophe silently.

After Li Pingfan attracted the ninety-ninth and eighty-first thunder calamity after becoming a fairy, Li Pingfan used all his magic weapons and spiritual power to survive the eightieth thunder calamity. Robbery, when it fell from the sky.

Li Pingfan suddenly felt bad, this is thunder calamity, this last thunder calamity is several times more powerful than the first 80 thunder calamities, this is fairy calamity, this last thunder calamity is not like me A mortal body can bear it. At that time, Li Pingfan felt disheartened, thinking that he would never wake up again in this life.

When the last celestial calamity struck, Li Pingfan silently closed his eyes, and it was time to end. After 2,000 years of pain, he had no friends, relatives, or family members. Li Pingfan thought that he would never have to suffer again. This pain brought tears to Li Pingfan's eyes. This was the first time in 2000 years that Li Pingfan had such relief. Finally, he no longer had to worry about his own destiny, looking for the answer to the elusive hope.

When Li Pingfan was preparing to meet his fall, Li Pingfan heard a voice, "Don't you want to know who you are? It's been thousands of years, don't you want to know the answer you've been pursuing so hard?"

Li Pingfan yelled "No, no, no" who are you, who are you, "ah" who are you.

Speak, you speak, why, I am such a fate, why, why.

Li Pingfan felt the power at this moment, stronger than before.

Boom, the thunder robbed straight down, at this time Li Pingfan rekindled his fighting spirit and resisted the blow with all his strength.

Boom, another strike of thunder came down. This last thunder was divided into ninety-nine and eighty-one thunders, each of which was more ferocious than the last; Take the hit.

Boom, this time it's been down for nine times, Li Fanfan's spiritual power is still rising, this time Li Fanfan went straight to the sky.

Laughing wildly, 'hahahaha' 'hahahaha' Come on, since the sky won't allow me, I will break this day, go to fucking longevity, go to fucking eternity, I, Li Pingfan, will break this day today .

Rumbling, this thunder disaster has not fallen for a long time, the sky has been making noises, rumbling, rumbling, pattering, clattering, clattering, there is a burst of noisy sound in the sky.

Li Pingfan looked up at the sky, his heart was in confusion, he thought of the voice before, he wanted to find this voice, asked where he came from, who he was, why his fate was so unfair, why, why, Li Pingfan fell into rage again, and his spiritual power skyrocketed again.

Li Pingfan yelled to the sky, "Come on!" Why is Tianlei also afraid?

Li Pingfan looked up to the sky and laughed, hahahahaha.

At this time, Tianlei seemed to understand Li Pingfan's sarcasm, and the voice above the sky became louder and louder, as if it was right next to his ears, and the eardrums of some of the nearby monks were suppressed. Oh, and some low-level monks couldn't bear such a strong coercion, and their flesh and blood were directly strangled, and even their souls were blown away.

Some monks saw that something was wrong and yelled, 'Let's go'.

At this moment, the ground trembled, and the sky thunder quickly fell with a "boom", dozens of times faster than before. Ding resisted, this time Li Pingfan did not retain his strength at all.

Chacha, Li Pingfan, heard the sound of the Qiankun cauldron cracking, Li Pingfan knew that he could not withstand the thunder, Li Pingfan put away the Qiankun cauldron, and condensed all his spiritual energy to resist the blow, The ground was trembling, and the ground around Li Pingfan was all scattered and cracked.

Li Pingfan used his last bit of spiritual power and shouted, "Go away, I can't stop me, go away", when all the monks heard this and ran for their lives.

Swish, another thunderstorm came down, Li Fanfan was directly shot down by the sky thunder, and fell heavily to the ground, Li Fanfan stood up again, wiped the blood stains from the corner of his mouth, looked up at the sky for a long time, and then fell heavily to the ground again.

When Li Pingfan woke up again, he had recovered 10% of his spiritual power, and then went back to seclusion again, because Li Pingfan felt that there seemed to be a lack of energy that could become a fairy on Ziwei Star. In the next few years, Li Pingfan Pingfan has been looking for this kind of energy, and at the same time, he is also looking for the voice from before. Since that battle, Li Pingfan has never heard that voice again.

Until the last half a year, Li Pingfan felt that kind of energy. This is the luck of a star field. Li Pingfan felt that the luck on the Ziwei star had been exhausted. If he wanted to become a fairy, he had to ask for luck. Without this Energy can never be immortal.

In the last half a year, Li Pingfan tried various methods of collecting luck, but all of them ended in failure, and then Li Pingfan fell into a deep sleep again.

Then came to this place.

Alas, Li Pingfan sighed softly again, clenched his fist again, and after a few breaths, slowly let go.

Li Pingfan opened his eyes, touched the rock beside him with his hand, and then walked down the mountain.


		