

Chapter 110

Hu Yinger who is sad alone

After the two left the restaurant, Lin Jiaqi slowly realized.

Did you hit Young Master Liang just now?

Li Pingfan was speechless.

Um.

You go, as far as I know, Liang Shao is from the Liang family, and the Liang family is also a big family in Liangzhou.

It's okay, there won't be any more of them, Li Pingfan said.

Oh yes, I quit my job for you.

What? I lost my job, Lin Jiaqi was surprised again.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, yes.

Well, it doesn't matter, originally I came here only because of my grandfather's illness, but now that my grandfather's illness is cured, work is not so important, if not, I will look for it again, Lin Jiaqi said.

Cuckoo, Li Pingfan touched his stomach, let's go eat something, I'm a little hungry, Li Pingfan said.

Well, let's go then.

Marina City.

In a room of Binhai Medical University.

Are Yan Lu, Sister Xia and Momo back?

Oh, Yinger, they all came back yesterday.

So when do they come to school?

Well, sister Xia may take a few days, Momo should come today, why do you have anything to do?

Well, there are indeed some things. I want to ask them if Brother Pingfan is back.

Li Pingfan? Is he with Miss Xia? Why didn't I know and said along the way.

Well, a few days ago I was on the phone with Brother Pingfan, and Brother Pingfan said it.

Well, let’s ask Momo when Mo Mo comes.

Do you have anything to ask me, when Li Mo's voice came from the door.

After Hu Yinger saw Li Mo coming, she hurried to the door and looked around.

Mo Mo, you are back, how are your results, Yan Lu asked.

Hey, this time our Binhai can be regarded as elated, and I believe that the development speed of our Binhai will reach a higher level in the past few years.

Momo, I want to ask, did Brother Pingfan come back with you, Hu Yinger asked.

When Li Pingfan was mentioned, Li Mo's expression changed involuntarily.

Hu Yinger also observed this, and immediately had the worst idea in her mind.

Silently, did something happen to Brother Pingfan?

Hearing this, Su Haokai's Huangmao and Siyan couldn't bear it anymore.

Well, silently, where is my Brother Fan, Su Haokai asked with a smile on his face.

Yes, where is my brother Fan? At this moment, Huangmao and Siyan also asked together.

Li Mo was at a loss for a moment.

Silently, tell them, paper cannot contain fire.

Wu Yanxia's voice came from the door again.

When everyone heard Wu Yanxia's words, the worst thoughts in their hearts magnified infinitely again.

Sister Xia, what happened to Brother Pingfan, Hu Yinger looked a little sad.

Let me tell you silently, but this is not the place to talk, let's change the place.

Everyone followed Wu Yanxia to a room not far from here.

Silently, show them the video you took.

Li Mo took out the mobile phone and handed it to them. They saw the two-hour video recording, and there was obviously Li Pingfan on it.

Everyone clicked on the video and began to see it.

When everyone watched the video, Su Haokai and Huang Mao would discuss each other after Li Pingfan displayed impressive force.

But all of this was overturned in the last ten minutes. In the last ten minutes, Li Mo was photographing the Shura Palace and the Raksha Temple Huacheng Wumeng and their group.

Seeing that Li Pingfan was beaten all over, Hu Yinger couldn't help but shed tears.

After watching the video, Su Haokai gritted his teeth and shouted, I want to avenge Brother Fan.

After hearing Su Haokai's words, Wu Yanxia just shook her head.

Momo, Sister Xia, Brother Pingfan, is he okay, Hu Yinger asked.

By the time we got back, he had recovered, nothing more.

Just what? Hu Yinger asked.

It's just that he didn't go back to Binhai with us, because he was being hunted down, and he was afraid that we would be implicated when he came back, so he left Li Mo alone and explained to everyone.

Him, where did he go? Hu Yinger asked softly.

Li Mo looked at the tears in the corners of Hu Yinger's eyes, and her own eye sockets were also a little rosy, because she remembered that Li Pingfan still thought of the safety of their group at the last moment, so she chose to leave alone, and her rosy eye sockets couldn't help it anymore Tears fell.

Yinger is sorry, we didn't bring him back.

Silently, I wonder where he went.

Yinger, we don't know, he is also protecting us. If we knew where Li Pingfan was, we would not be able to return to Binhai so quickly. Similarly, Li Pingfan didn't tell us that he was also protecting us. The group who killed him would not do anything to us. Presumably this is also Li Pingfan's idea, Wu Yanxia said.

At this moment, Su Haokai Huang Mao and the three with four eyes are thinking about how to avenge Li Pingfan.

Sister Xia is which force is chasing and killing Brother Fan, Su Haokai asked.

Asura Hall, Rakshasa Hall and Huacheng Wumeng.

Hearing these names, Su Haokai was also very shocked. Others didn't know about these names, but he grew up in Su's family. He knew how terrifying these organizations were.

Huang Mao has four eyes. Let's go to practice martial arts, Su Haokai said.

Huang Mao and Siyan followed Su Haokai and left here.

Hu Yinger couldn't see the answer she wanted, so she left alone.

Wu Yanxia was afraid that Hu Yinger would do something stupid, so she asked Yan Lu to follow behind Hu Yinger.

Hu Yinger walked and found a deserted corner, and cried sadly alone.

Seeing this, Yan Lu didn't want to bother her, so she could only quietly watch Hu Yinger in the dark.


		