

Chapter 160

To Qixia Gate

Now that the decision has been made, please follow me to Qixia Gate, Liu Ran said.

Li Pingfan followed Liu Ran to Qixia Gate, with Liu Shihuan and Wang Zekun still following him.

Little friend here is Qixia Gate, please, Liu Ran said.

Li Pingfan followed Liu Ran to Qixia Gate. Compared with the secular world's aristocratic sects, the decoration here seems a bit unpretentious.

Elder Liu, Elder Liu, many disciples around greeted Liu Ran when they saw him.

Li Pingfan followed Liu Ran to an inner courtyard. In the inner courtyard, there was only a simple stone table and a few stone chairs.

Little friend, this is the place where the sect master practiced, please.

Li Ping followed Liu Ran to the house.

There are five or six people in the house.

Xiaoyou didn't expect to meet again. A person in the center said at the moment.

Have we met? Li Pingfan asked back.

Oh, I forgot, you haven't seen me, but I have seen you.

Um? how do I say this.

I don't know if my friend still remembers that you and Bai Jinghu were in the cave.

Li Pingfan suddenly remembered what happened when he first came to Qixia Mountain.

So, when I first came to Qixia Mountain, you already paid attention to me?

Yes.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, it seems that you have premeditated.

Oh? What do you say, little friend?

Since you know that Bai Jinghu is in Qixia Mountain, why didn't you arrest them earlier? And to release the news?

Haha, little friends don’t know something. Although we know they are on Qixia Mountain, we didn’t disclose the news.

Not you? Li Pingfan shook his head and said, I don't believe it, if you didn't reveal the news, then why did you fight for Bai Jinghu?

You have known for a long time that they are on Qixia Mountain, so why didn't you tame them earlier?

Haha, it's very simple, we don't need Bai Jinghu, but we can't just watch him fall into the hands of others, it's that simple.

That being the case, I won't say much, just tell me what you want to know.

You don't have to be so anxious, in ten days, don't be in a hurry, don't be in a hurry, let me show you around my Qixia Gate first.

The guest can follow the host, Li Pingfan said.

Alright, buddy, please follow me.

Li Pingfan followed this person out of the house.

Little friend, don't you want to know who I am?

You don't need to think about it, you should be the head of the Qixia Sect.

Yes, my name is Chen Ye, the head of Qixia Sect, you can call me Sect Master Chen.

Okay, Master Chen, I think Master Chen called me out not just for the simple purpose of saying a name.

Of course not, I want to know if you are actually a person there?

Li Pingfan was a little dazed, this was the second time he heard about it, and Li Pingfan really didn't know where it was.

Master Chen, what kind of place are you talking about inside? Li Pingfan asked.

You really don't know? Master Chen asked back.

Li Pingfan shook his head.

Chen Ye stared at Li Pingfan for a long time. From Li Pingfan's eyes, Chen Ye felt that Li Pingfan really didn't know that place.

Since Xiaoyou didn't come out from there, how could he turn his energy into reality? Chen Ye asked immediately.

Li Pingfan knows what he is talking about by transforming energy into reality. These are the most basic things in the Qi training period, which is to transform one's own aura into an attack method, but this attack method depends on the individual's strength. The stronger the strength, the stronger the illusioned attack, and the greater the power.

It's just that Qi Transformation can only be used at the fourth level of Qi training, and this attack method cannot be used below the fourth level of Qi training, but of course Li Fang can't tell Chen Ye all these things.

What sect master Chen said, using qi to transform into reality, is just a means of attack. It is nothing more than transforming one's own aura into some kind of object to attack. The power of this kind of attack is far less powerful than some spells.

Presumably you have also seen the spells we use, why what we have is so nihilistic.

Of course, Li Pingfan knew that it was a matter of their skills. Although they were also absorbing the aura of heaven and earth for cultivation, they lacked a step to purify the aura. That is to say, their techniques did not compress and purify the aura. , so the heaven and earth aura they absorb is only better than that of the secular world. For example, the impurities in the secular world are 60%, while theirs is 30%. Pure this step.

That's because the aura you absorb is not pure enough, so the attack you conjure up is so void.

Purity, this is the first time Chen Ye heard that the power of heaven and earth he absorbed can also be purified. Chen Ye asked again, what is the answer to this purity.

You should know that the reason why we can practice is because we can feel some kind of energy between the heaven and the earth, so that when we practice exercises, we can build a bridge between ourselves and the heaven and earth, so that this energy can be absorbed by us, But you have to know that these energies are also good and bad, some have more impurities and some have less impurities.

The energy absorbed by their fighters in the mundane world is full of impurities, so what they increase is only their strength, but they cannot use spells, while what we absorb is less impurity, so we can use some spells, Li Ordinarily explained.

This was also the first time Chen Ye heard such a statement.

And what Li Pingfan said was only part of the reason, of course Li Pingfan would not tell him the main reason.

Then why are our spells different from yours? Chen Ye asked.

Master Chen, as I said just now, the aura you absorb has more impurities, so the spells you cast are illusory, and the aura I absorb is less impurity than yours, Li Pingfan said.

Chen Ye looked at Li Pingfan suspiciously, while Li Pingfan looked into Chen Ye's eyes neither humble nor overbearing.

After all, Li Pingfan has lived for thousands of years. How can his mind be compared with them? After telling lies, Li Pingfan can definitely be ranked in the top three.

Chen Ye couldn't see any flaws in Li Pingfan's eyes, so he stopped asking.

It's getting late today, little friend, so I'll send you back to your room to rest.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Li Pingfan came to his room, the living place here is also very simple, a bed, a table, a chair, without any other decorations, very simple.

After returning to the room, Li Pingfan lay down to rest.


		