

Ding Lingling, get out of class is over, Brother Fan, I didn't dare to ask you just now, what happened just now? You wouldn't really touch the school flower, would you? Tell me how you feel.

Li Pingfan shook his head helplessly, I didn't touch her, she said it herself, so I can only follow her words.

Alas, Brother Fan, this time, you are really going to be in trouble, and all the men in the school will not let you go, so take care of yourself, Xiaopang said with a smile.

Are you new here? Is it the one who touched our University Li's flower in class?

Brother Fan, look at the first wave of people coming to your door, and there will definitely be more after this, alas, you are too difficult Brother Fan, brother, I feel sad for you.

Pa, you are so sad, go and eat quickly, I am hungry.

Damn, I asked you something, did you touch it?

Li Pingfan ignored them, and walked towards the cafeteria with Xiaopang and his party.

Damn, you are looking for death, and after finishing speaking, the few people raised their fists and smashed at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan didn't hesitate at all, and kicked them all to the ground and rolled them on the ground with one kick. Li Pingfan only used 10% of his strength in this kick.

Let's go, let's go to dinner this time.

Brother Fan, I think it’s still not good. You see, there is another group coming in front. This time there are thirty or forty people. Be careful, Brother Fan. If it doesn’t work, let’s run away.

Li Pingfan shook his head and stood there waiting for them to come.

Is it you who touched our University Li's beauty?

Li Pingfan still ignored them.

Damn, if you don't speak, it means you acquiesce. You are the one who can touch it with your hand and know your senses. Now take it out and let us abolish him, otherwise you will have to be admitted to the hospital tonight.

Li Pingfan looked at them like a fool.

Little brat, you are about to be crippled. After speaking, he swung his stick and rushed towards Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan punched him in the face without saying a word.

Brothers, this person knows a little bit of kung fu, and it's hard to clean up. Let's go together, and after talking, a group of people rushed forward.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

Now it's just the two of you. Do you go up together or run away?

The two people turned their heads and ran away in fright, afraid that Li Pingfan would catch up with them and pile them up.

Brother Fan, you were so fierce just now, you beat them all up in just a few minutes, Brother Fan, I, Su Haokai, will mess with you from now on.

And I.

What about you with four eyes?

Brother Fan, I also want to hang out with you, said with trembling eyes.

Alas, there is no need, everyone will be friends after that, Li Pingfan walked to the dormitory after finishing speaking.

You go to eat first, just bring me a random one later, Li Pingfan is afraid that if he goes to the cafeteria now, he may have to pester him for a while.

Hello, is it Xiaofeng?

It's me, Uncle Hu, did you succeed so quickly?

No, Director Lu temporarily moved the time forward, so I have to leave now, and I will board the plane in a while. I'll let you know while I'm going to the toilet. Please be patient and wait for me to come back these two days.

Lu Feng thought for a while and replied, good Uncle Hu, you have to be careful all the way.

Brother Fan, this is food for you. Brother Fan, have you read the news from the Medical University? Now it's all about you, you are really going to be famous this time, the key point is that the title is also very special.

Li Pingfan opened the medical university news, the first one was that the new transfer is a hooligan, if you meet him, you must stay away from him.

Brother Fan, it seems that you are going to be isolated, but you can rest assured that Brother Fan and the rest of us will never abandon you.

Since you talk too much, Li Pingfan gave Xiaopang a light blow.

Ah, Brother Fan, with your punch, I feel like I'm going to be useless.

Li Pingfan shook his head with a smile, knowing that he was pretending, and he knew how much effort he had used.

Ah, Brother Fan, Brother Fan, wake up, you will be late again soon.

Li Pingfan woke up instantly, got up and ran to the classroom.

It's you four again, it seems that you are going to fail this semester.

Boom boom boom, teacher, I'm sorry for getting up late today, a sweet voice came, and Li Pingfan turned his head to look.

Damn, why is it her again.

Go in, the last download will not be an example.

This time Li Pingfan walked to the middle seat and sat down, and all the people around him were scattered.

Haha, Brother Fan, you are really a plague god now, there is no one within three meters of where you are.

Li Pingfan turned his head and glanced at Li Mo, thinking in his heart that this woman is really capable, and he must be more careful with this woman from now on.

Brother Feng, there is a big news. Colonel Li's flower was touched yesterday.

When Lu Feng heard the news, he immediately became angry. Damn, whoever touched it, I must cut off his hand.

Yesterday, you stick, why didn't you say it yesterday, you have to say it now.

Wang Tie said tremblingly, Brother Feng, didn't you say last night not to disturb you. So we didn't dare to bother, and I will report to you as soon as possible this early in the morning.

Don't talk nonsense, you are talking about who touched it.

It was still Li Pingfan.

Damn, this person must die, must die, I can't wait any longer, you, you go and invite Yan Lu over here. I'm going to let this idiot die today.

Brother Feng, Yan Lu is not easy to invite, she belongs to Sister Yan.

Damn, you stupid x, don't you know how to spend money? I don't believe it can't be solved without money.

It is because she belongs to Sister Xia that we invite her. According to what I heard, she has already broken through the early stage of Huang Jie, so you go and invite her here. If she is beaten, can Wu Yanxia let Li Pingfan go? Use your brains when you do things in the future, don't ask me to teach you everything.

Yes, Brother Feng, Brother Feng's move is really high.

Remember I'm going to hear the news today, if I don't hear the news today, then you should know the consequences for yourself, so hurry up.

Stay away from him, he is the hooligan who touched Colonel Li's flower, he will touch you if you are careful, he looks so ugly, and his hands are really dishonest, I wish you will never find a girlfriend in your life.

People around are discussing.

You all get the hell out of here, do you know the specific details, just discuss it here, if I hear you idiots talking about my brother Fan, I will fucking reveal all your scandals, chubby I really couldn't stand it anymore, so I threatened.

However, this trick is really easy to use. All the people around have less discussion voices. Each of them has some little secrets more or less. If he was shaken out, his fate would be the same as that of Li Pingfan.

Are you that hooligan? A woman's voice came into Li Pingfan's ears.


		