

Chapter 100

Feng Zelong's technique

Because of Nalan Yu's direct surrender, the competition between Li Pingfan and Feng Zelong was brought forward. The two will have the last martial arts competition, and the loser will have to compete with Nalan Yu again to choose the second and third place. ranking.

You invite Li Pingfan from the Binhai Martial Arts League to face Feng Zelong from the Fengge Gate of Huacheng, and you invite the two to compete in the arena.

Li Pingfan and Feng Zelong stepped onto the ring respectively.

Although I don't know what kind of tricks you used to defeat Tian Zhong, but in front of me, none of these are useless, Feng Zelong said.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, ignorance.

Ignorance, in a moment I will let you know who is more ignorant.

You don't need to talk so much nonsense, let's start, I really want to see what you have, Li Pingfan is not like talking nonsense with Feng Zelong, and urges to start the competition soon.

Seeing the situation above the ring, the referee couldn't wait to announce the start of the match.

The tense momentum of the two broke out instantly with the sound of the start of the game.

It was Li Pingfan who struck first, and Li Pingfan punched Feng Zelong directly.

Feng Zelong didn't dodge the blow, he went straight up and received the punch forcefully.

The two of them hardly held any hands back, and they were both trying their best.

After the first trial, the two also had a preliminary understanding of each other's strength.

After that, he increased his strength and speed, and another punch.

With a bang, the two backed away again.

Then there were several such collisions in succession.

Li Pingfan felt that the strength of Feng Zelong in front of him far surpassed the early stage of the earth.

It is very likely that he has reached the mid-earth level strength, but these are just speculations. After all, he has never fought against a real mid-to-late-level master, so Li Pingfan can't be sure whether Feng Zelong has entered the middle level of the earth level. Strength.

And the reason why Li Pingfan can fight me against the masters of the early stage of the earth is entirely due to his own special skills and the difference between his own cultivation level and the star field of this world, and he has reshaped his own bones. Because of this, he was able to fight against the masters at the early stage of the earth rank. Without these factors, Li Pingfan would probably be eliminated in the top forty.

Judging from Feng Zelong's current state, there is no sign of falling into a disadvantage at all, so Li Pingfan boldly guessed whether he has broken through to the middle stage of the earth rank.

But Feng Zelong thought about it again, the strength in front of him could go through so many tricks with him without falling behind. Opponents at the same level are generally crushed directly.

But he almost tried his best, and Que still didn't gain any advantage.

The same Li Pingfan also used almost all his strength, but also did not gain any advantage.

The two of them matched up a few more moves in succession.

There was a bang, bang, bang sound from the arena, and it could be seen how fierce the battle between the two was on the arena.

At this moment, Li Pingfan caught Feng Zelong's mistake and punched directly at the moment when Feng Zelong was panting.

Feng Zelong wiped away the blood donation from the corner of his mouth, showing a sneer.

You're starting to get me serious.

Feng Zelong uses the exercises.

(Li Pingfan obviously felt the difference between Fengzelong's exercises while Fengzelong was using them. In Fengzelong's exercises, Li Fanfan felt the existence of aura, although people in this world they The exercises they practice are all absorbing spiritual energy, but the spiritual energy they absorb is too much impurity, so they can't be called spiritual energy, so Li Pingfan calls the spiritual energy absorbed by this world's exercises as Qi. It is called Qi, because there are too many impurities in the spiritual energy, and it cannot be called the real spiritual energy of heaven and earth. Once a person inhales this energy into his own body, he will gain great strength and even live forever. Although the qi absorbed by this realm of kung fu is also conceived by heaven and earth, it just seems to have been eroded into it. Therefore, people in this world can only feel Qi, but not the existence of spirit after practicing the exercises of this world.)

However, Li Pingfan saw a trace of the existence of the spirit in Feng Zelong's exercises, but it was very subtle, and these may not even be felt by Feng Zelong himself, so when Li Pingfan used the exercises, Feng Zelong felt Zelong couldn't feel the difference in Li Pingfan.

This is why no one in this class can feel the specialness of Li Pingfan.

After Feng Zelong performed the kung fu technique, he immediately turned to Li Pingfan, and Li Pingfan unhurriedly launched the wind control technique, and also used Feng Zelong's skills to attack Feng Zelong. After the two punched each other again, Feng Zelong staggered back.

At the end of the moment, he spit out a big mouthful of blood donation.

Just when Li Pingfan wanted to punch Feng Zelong again.

Three words came out of Feng Zelong's mouth, I surrendered, and then fell unconscious on the ring.

And after Li Pingfan used the wind control again, the eyes of the Nalan family and the Huacheng Martial League once again shone, but it was only for an instant, and they quickly closed their eyes.

But what they didn't expect was that all these small movements were reflected in Li Pingfan's eyes.

After hearing Feng Zelong admit defeat, the referee also announced that Li Pingfan had won the first place. After that, Li Pingfan also walked off the ring and returned to his residence, preparing for the last day of the challenge.

After experiencing today's battle for the first time, Li Pingfan became puzzled again.

He couldn't figure out that there are such bizarre things in this world, first there are false spells, and then there are different exercises today. Li Pingfan boldly guessed, did immortals exist in this world thousands of years ago or even ten thousand years ago? ? If immortals did not appear first, when did the inheritance of these cultivations begin?

If there are immortals, then why is the spiritual energy in this world so thin? If there were immortals, the aura in this world should not be so thin, it should be very majestic. This world should also be a world of cultivating immortals, but why did it become like this? Li Pingfan didn't understand.

But now Li Pingfan knows that his understanding of this world is still too little, and his understanding of this world is only on the surface. It is not known whether there are practitioners like him in this class, but these are the future. Li Pingfan shook his head and lay down on the bed.


		