

Hu Guoting, are you at home? As he said that, he rushed into the yard, and he knew it was Lao Zhang when he heard the sound.

Young man, you are Hu Guoting’s friend. I saw you outside the village just now. As for Guoting, I called all the big guys here. Let us big guys see the treasure that Guoting goes up the mountain every day to find.

Li Pingfan smiled faintly, this must be Uncle Zhang, Uncle Zhang, all uncles, wait a moment and I will call Uncle Huber. Said that Li Pingfan walked into the house.

Entering the house, Li Pingfan saw that Hu Bo and Xiaoying were still hugging each other on the ground and crying bitterly. Li Pingfan couldn't bear to disturb the two of them. Li Pingfan stood there silently, waiting for their mood to calm down. It took them a while to stand up.

Ordinary friends, is Lao Zhang and the others here?

Li Pingfan answered quickly, yes, Huber and the others have been waiting outside for a long time, saying they want to see the tricolor green snake you caught today.

Huber, tell Hu Ying a few words about me, and Hu Ying will go to the room.

Ordinary friends, let's go! Let's open their eyes this time. Huber said with a smile.

Hey, Lao Zhang, the little kid like Goudan is here to join in the fun, Mr. Feng, but I haven't seen you for a while, uh, even the fools are here, silly girl, you also came with your father.

This idiot is the daughter of the idiot, in fact they are not idiots, it is just that the idiot almost killed himself in order to save a wild wolf before, and then everyone in the village called him a idiot, who died for a wild wolf, After that, the villagers called him Sha Ni when they saw his daughter, and the big guy got used to it after that.

Yo, there are enough big guys here today.

It may be that Huber was too happy today, and the smile on his face never faded.

Haha, Guoting, don't be a fool, the big guys are waiting, and the people behind shouted, if you don't show it to the big guys, Guoting, we will rush in and take it directly. Others said it jokingly.

Lao Zhang, Lao Feng, don't worry.

Guoting, it’s not that we are in a hurry. There are still people in this family, and we have to rush back to make lunch. You are happy today and you don’t have to eat, but we can’t. There is still a lot of work in the field, hurry up and get it Come out, let's see, the villagers all echoed.

Old Zhang, Old Feng, wait a moment, I'll get it right away, brothers and sisters, wait a moment, then Hu Guoting walked into the side room.

After a while, Huber came out holding the transparent glass jar, which was the tricolor green snake.

Guoting, what are you doing out with a snake in your arms? What we want to see is a treasure. Could this be the treasure you found today?

Obviously the big guys are a little disappointed.

Huber answered unhurriedly, yes, this is what I have been looking for over the past six months.

Guoting, isn't this a snake? It's everywhere on this mountain, and it takes more than half a year to find it.

Mr. Feng, you are looking carefully at this snake.

Old Feng took a few more steps forward, prepared to be careful, walked in and took a look, it was a little different from other snakes, and the pattern on this snake was more beautiful than other snake species.

Guoting, why do the patterns on this snake have three colors, and these three colors look like flowers when connected together, Lao Feng said.

Haha, Mr. Feng, yes, this is the tricolor green snake.

The three-color green snake, you actually found it, this one was personally selected by the genius doctor, who said that whoever can find this three-color green snake, can seek him for free treatment no matter what the disease is.

Guoting, you really found a good baby. Your Xiaoying’s illness can be cured. No wonder, you can’t hold back the smile on your face. The villagers all laughed, and everyone laughed. Congratulations to Hu Guoting.

Some people began to propose marriage when they thought that Hu Ying's illness would be cured.

Guo Ting, my family is rich, I think about your family Xiaoying every day, and these days, I even told me that I want to go to your family to propose marriage. This is just in time.

Sister-in-law of the Sun family, about this matter, I will ask my granddaughter, he disagrees, and I have nothing to do, Huber said with a smile. Afterwards, the villagers talked a lot, and some even fought for the first-come, first-come first-come, first-come first-come, first-come first-come-first-served basis in order to propose marriage.

Hu Ying's beauty was unmatched by anyone in the village, and they all wondered if Hu Guoting had some ulterior secrets when he was young that made Hu Yinger so beautiful.

Before Hu Yinger was not ill, there were dozens of families who came to propose marriage, but Hu Bo always said that Hu Ying should choose by herself. There should be no one in this village who can match Hu Ying.

It was more than half a year ago that Hu Ying suddenly got this disease, and since then she seldom saw anyone. When the person who came to propose a marriage heard the voice, she ran away in fright, afraid that if she ran too slowly, she would be laid off.

In the next few days, Huber went to see doctors every day to see Hu Ying, but no one could find out the cause.

Two days later, a doctor came to the village, and he treated the people in the village, and healed some people who had been bedridden for a long time so that they could go to the field, and the villagers called them miracle doctors.

Afterwards, this miracle doctor said that if anyone wants to treat difficult and miscellaneous diseases, he must find something, and after finding it, he can treat any difficult and miscellaneous diseases for free, and guarantee that the medicine will cure the disease. The experience of the disease, none of the villagers did not believe his words.

Seeing the discussions among the villagers, Huber told Li Pingfan about Hu Yinger's experiences over the past year.

Li Pingfan felt a strange feeling in his heart. In Li Pingfan's opinion, this timing was too coincidental, as if it had been arranged.

Because in Li Fanfan's view, Hu Yinger didn't show any signs of illness. It seemed that the vitality was being absorbed, and there should be something in the body. This was Li Fanfan's preliminary judgment. At that time, Li Fanfan was only intoxicated by Hu Ying's beauty. No, I didn't look carefully, I can only talk about it when I see Hu Ying later.

The genius doctor came, and someone shouted at this time, Li Pingfan was shocked suddenly, and walked out of his thoughts just now.

Li Pingfan is now also somewhat looking forward to who this genius doctor is.

At this time, the villagers quickly separated to make way for the genius doctor.

When Huber saw the miracle doctor coming, he also rushed to greet him.


		