

Chapter 130

up the hill

After listening to Grandpa Luo's narration, Li Pingfan returned to his room and said while looking at the two white crystal tigers.

Do you also sense something on this mountain?

The two white crystal tigers nodded vigorously.

These two white crystal tigers have stayed with Li Pingfan for a long time, so they can naturally understand what Li Pingfan wants to express.

I want to go up the mountain to find out what secrets this place has, so you just wait for me obediently at home.

After hearing this, the two white crystal tigers shook their heads, and then flew directly onto Li Pingfan's shoulders.

You also want to go, it may be very dangerous inside, I am afraid.

The two white crystal tigers licked Li Pingfan, telling him not to worry about himself.

OK, then we'll start tomorrow.

A new day soon ushered in, and Li Pingfan got up early.

Grandpa Luo, can I go up the mountain with you today, Li Pingfan said.

Ah, what are you doing up the mountain?

Oh, it's okay, I just want to see the scenery on the mountain.

Hey, this mountain is full of trees and some rocks. If you want to go, then go up the mountain with me.

After receiving Grandpa Luo's response, Li Pingfan took two white crystal tigers to the mountain.

When Li Pingfan came to a three-way intersection on the mountain, Li Pingfan felt that the road in the middle seemed to be attracting him, but Li Pingfan's legs unconsciously walked in the direction of this road.

Little friend Pingfan, with a loud shout, Li Pingfan woke up, let's go this way.

Li Pingfan was in a cold sweat, this was the first time when he came to this star field, he felt that death was closest to him.

What Li Pingfan didn't expect was that even he would be lost in his mind. You must know that he is a cultivator, and he has experienced more than two thousand years of experience. His mind is no longer comparable to that of ordinary people, but he came to It is unbelievable that this world would be lost. At this point, Li Pingfan became more and more curious about what was in it, and it had such energy.

Li Pingfan followed Grandpa Luo to another road. After arriving at the place, Grandpa Luo began to collect yams, while Li Pingfan was always thinking about the moment before. Grandpa said goodbye.

Li Pingfan came to the three-fork intersection again, but this time when Li Pingfan came to the three-fork intersection, he couldn't feel the same feeling as before. Li Pingfan looked around for a while, and after making a mark, he walked towards the middle road.

Li Pingfan walked for a while without any abnormal movement. Just after Li Pingfan took a few steps forward again, suddenly the two white crystal tigers on his shoulders seemed to have been frightened by something, and they became restless, shaking from time to time. Bite at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan took out the silver needle and stabbed them directly. After a while, the two white crystal tigers recovered.

After Li Fanfan treated Bai Jinghu, he quickly opened up his consciousness to explore whether there were people and things around him, but after Li Fanfan explored, Li Fanfan was in a cold sweat, and there was not a single living thing within his exploration range. , Li Pingfan didn't even feel a bird.

Li Pingfan took a few steps forward again, it was so quiet, there was no sound, not even the sound of the wind.

Li Pingfan bit the bullet and walked a few steps forward. Suddenly, Li Pingfan heard someone crying.

So Li Pingfan started to explore his spiritual consciousness, but unexpectedly, he still didn't find any living things, so what is the reason for this crying sound?

Li Pingfan took a few more steps forward, and his crying became louder.

After walking a few steps forward, the crying stopped.

So Li Pingfan walked forward again for a while, when Li Pingfan suddenly heard, go back, go back, you will die.

Li Pingfan took a few steps forward, the voice became louder and louder, Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness, but he still couldn't find any living things.

Hey, the strength is still too low, Li Pingfan said to himself.

Go back, go back.

This voice came again, and this time the voice was very clear, as if it was whispering in the ear.

Who are you, Li Pingfan said.

Who I am, I forget, but you better go, it's dangerous here.

Li Pingfan took a few steps forward again.

Hey, why don't you listen to advice? You can leave now, while he is still sleeping, if you want to leave when he wakes up, you won't be able to leave.

Li Pingfan continued to walk forward as if he had not heard his words.

At this moment, a little boy appeared in front of Li Pingfan's eyes. He looked like a child, about 1.5 meters tall, wearing this sackcloth, with a little dust on his face, and his hair was already very long.

Why don't you listen to advice, let's go.

who are you? Li Pingfan asked.

Who am I, I don't know who I am.

So how did you get here? Li Pingfan asked again.

I have no idea.

Who was the man you mentioned earlier?

He is the mountain god on this mountain, very powerful, no one can escape from his grasp.

Mountain God, Li Pingfan muttered to himself.

You know that guy who came up the mountain a few years ago?

Are you talking about the priest?

Yes it is him.

His strength is indeed relatively strong, but after a few blows with the mountain god, he was severely injured. If the mountain god couldn't leave, he would have died long ago.

Can't leave, what's going on? Li Pingfan asked.

I don't know the specifics, but neither the mountain god nor I can leave this area, it seems that some kind of restriction has been placed on it. I'm afraid only the mountain god knows the specific situation.

That being the case, then I am going to meet the mountain god you mentioned.


		