

After Li Pingfan arrived at the hotel, he asked the secretary for a few books about the driver's license test.

Do you want to test your driver's license?

Yes.

Then you can give me your ID card, and I can help you take the exam. There is a car in the backyard of the hotel, so you can study first.

Li Pingfan did not have an ID card, he was not from this world in the first place.

I don't have an ID.

Without an ID card, it is really difficult to handle. The secretary thought for a while, and then said, but Mr. Li, don’t worry, I will handle it for you as soon as possible, and I will send you the ID card as soon as possible tomorrow, then no Sorry to disturb your rest.

Li Pingfan came to the backyard that the secretary mentioned. There are indeed all kinds of cars behind here, and there is a big driving range behind. You can drive the car and play casually. Li Pingfan saw some people playing elegant .

Li Pingfan is a novice, so he could only find a coach to teach Li Pingfan to drive. After the coach finished all the items, Li Pingfan started to practice. The first time he practiced, he was very stiff. Li Pingfan also started playing with Elegant, and the coach sitting in the co-pilot vomited dryly.

You are the most talented student I have ever seen, and within an hour, you have almost the same strength as those young masters. It is conceivable that each of those young masters has been playing cars for several years.

After speaking, the coach quickly got out of the car and vomited.

Li Pingfan also got out of the car, said goodbye to the coach and returned to his room, and continued to practice.

bang bang bang...

Li Pingfan has been practicing for a day and a night without knowing it, but he doesn't know it, wait a moment.

Mr. Li, what you need has been done for you.

Oh, come in and talk about it.

Mr. Li, this is your task. The secretary handed Li Pingfan a portfolio.

Li Pingfan opened it and looked at it. There was a photo and a contract inside.

Li Pingfan picked up the photo and looked at it. This girl seemed a little familiar. I have seen her before. He is the girl who said that I was an accomplice of the thief. Li Pingfan said.

Mr. Li, you have met Ms. Li, so I don’t need to introduce you. The object of your protection this time is her, but you can’t let the lady know that we sent you to protect her. You were withdrawn.

Here is the contract. You can sign it if there is no problem.

Li Pingfan nodded, glanced at the contract and signed it.

Here is a bank card with 500,000 yuan without a password. The secretary handed the bank card to Li Fanfan, and Li Fanfan did not refuse.

Here is your admission letter. I will send someone to pick you up at ten o'clock the morning after tomorrow.

No need, just give me the address of the school, and I will go there by myself tomorrow.

Well, Mr. Li, I wish you success in this mission. After speaking, the secretary turned and left.

Li Pingfan looked at some messy documents in his hand, threw them away and left the hotel.

Li Pingfan went to Xingxing Internet Cafe again, is Brother Monkey here today?

Still not here. the boss replied.

Li Pingfan often took a walk outside to familiarize himself with the environment, bought a few clothes, a mobile phone, a phone card, and a bicycle, and then returned to the hotel to start practicing.

today is a good day

anything you want can come true

today is a good day

Open the door, let's welcome the spring breeze

A loud bell rang, and Li Pingfan picked up his phone to check the time, it was past nine o'clock in the morning, and then looked at the date, it was the start of school today.

Li Pingfan looked at himself in the mirror, then took out a dagger and slashed his face, and then smeared it with his own ointment, making him look like an old scar. The bones of his face also changed slightly. The reason why Li Pingfan did this was because Li Mo had seen him before, and he had offended a lot of people in the past two days. This would reduce unnecessary troubles, let alone Li Pingfan As a doctor, it is very simple to get rid of this scar.

After Li Pingfan finished these tasks, he carried a schoolbag and rode a bicycle to the direction of the school.

After Li Pingfan arrived at the school, he followed the address on the admission notice to find the dean, and allocated a dormitory. In fact, Li Pingfan didn't need to live in the school, but he couldn't find a better place, so he had to go first Live in the school for the time being.

Because Li Pingfan was going to school in the second half of the semester, he didn't go back to the class immediately, and just wandered around the campus by himself.

Boy, you are late today, have you brought what I asked you to take?

Brother Wang Tie, I have no access to the core of the Li family, so I really don't know where the information you want is?

When Li Pingfan heard the Li family, he stopped and listened carefully. Because he had broken through the first level of Qi training, his senses had also improved a lot. When he was extremely serious, he could hear the conversation within fifteen meters. Li Pingfan stood on the spot, closed his eyes and looked at the sky.

Damn, Chen San, I think you are impatient, don't forget about your mother's illness, if you want your mother to be treated as soon as possible, then please work hard with your uncle, and you must also I don’t want to see your mother leave you so early. As long as you take out the formula, Brother Feng said he will ask his grandpa to help your mother. Your mother will recover by then. You should think about it carefully. Hope you are doing well for yourself.

Brother Tie, do you think that person is eavesdropping on us?

Pa, bang, are you stupid, can he hear it so far away? You go so far to listen to our conversation, see if you can hear it, you are a big fool, it's a pity that you have followed your brother Tie for so long.

The person who was beaten didn't dare to speak nonsense, so he nodded quickly.

Which department is this from? Why haven’t you seen it before? Go and see, Wang Tie kicked the beaten man again and directed him.

Alas, what about you, you are from that department, what are you doing here.

Li Pingfan opened his eyes and took a look, then closed them again.

Damn it, you are looking for death, and after you finished speaking, you punched Li Pingfan in the face. Li Pingfan kicked him to the ground without even opening his eyes.

Damn, boy, wait for me, don't run away, I will let you know what cruelty is, and I will run back directly after I finish speaking.


		