

Chapter 92

The second day's competition

After a day of melee, the number of people who have advanced to the twelve groups has come out, a total of 360 people, these people need to participate in the next day's competition.

However, in today's game, Li Pingfan also noticed several opponents with strong strength.

After the competition, Li Pingfan also returned to the hotel where he lived and continued to practice.

One night passed, and the next day, Li Pingfan and Feng Zhenghao also entered the competition area.

The lottery was drawn as yesterday, and this time Li Pingfan was assigned to Group 4, but it was a coincidence that Wu Yanxia was still in the same arena as Li Pingfan this time.

On the contrary, Qingtian was assigned to Group 7.

After finishing the grouping, it was still Nalan Jie who announced the start of the game with a few simple words, but there were more people today than yesterday, not only those on the periphery but also those around the field.

Because there are 360 ​​people, they are divided into 12 groups. One group is 30 people. In order to make it easier for the audience to watch, the organizer opened three arenas to start the competition. That is to say, the 12 groups will start the competition in four rounds. The time for a round is one hour. After one hour, the remaining people on the ring can compete in the next round, and so on, until there are finally 40 people left to participate in tomorrow's one-on-one ring match.

Because Li Pingfan was assigned to the fourth group, so Li Pingfan was in the second round.

When the sound of the sound of a gong sounded on the stage.

Please invite the contestants from groups 1 to 3 of the first round to take their seats, and the competition will start in five minutes.

Soon, not long after, all the personnel for the first round had been fully prepared.

After the start of the competition, the people on the ring started to attack each other, and the strength of everyone left today was not bad, so for a while, no one on the ring was knocked down below the ring.

However, this situation only lasted for more than ten minutes, and several people were knocked to the ground.

At that time, the first round of fighting ended with the sound of a gong. At this time, there were 90 people in the ring, but now there were 40 people left.

Please invite the second round contestants to come on stage and prepare.

Li Pingfan and Wu Yanxia also came to their own arena, and with the sound of the match began to fall, it was unusually quiet on Li Pingfan's arena, and on this arena Li Pingfan also recognized an acquaintance, it was Liu Hao, It's just that the two are standing on both sides.

This quiet situation lasted for more than ten minutes, and the off-site host was also a little confused, so he said that if the personnel in the first ring did not make a move within two minutes, they would all be deemed to have abstained.

Hearing the words of such a person, Li Pingfan also became restless in the ring, but after a few breaths, someone directly attacked Wu Yanxia, ​​because she seemed to be the weakest in the factory. .

When Wu Yanxia saw someone attacking, Wu Yanxia quickly resisted, but it took only a few minutes for Wu Yanxia to be defeated. Seeing this situation, of course Li Pingfan would not stand by and directly knock the person who attacked Wu Yanxia off the ring.

Even the organizers of the Martial Arts Conference were a little speechless about this operation, but they didn't stipulate that there should be no such thing on the ring, so they could only acquiesce and could not stop such a thing.

When the people on the ring saw Li Pingfan's blow just now, they were ashamed of themselves in terms of strength and speed, so they looked for other targets to attack wisely.

An hour passed quickly. In this round of competition, there were 32 people left. Of course, with Liu Hao's strength, he would definitely not be eliminated. Liu Hao also entered the next round of competition smoothly.

Next came the third round. In this round, Qing Tian from the seventh group was obviously eliminated, so there were only two players left in Binhai, Li Pingfan and Wu Yanxia.

After the third round of competition, there were 26 people left, and the fourth round of personnel competition followed.

The fourth round of the competition was quite tragic. At the end of the competition, there were only 10 people left on the stage.

Then the rest of the people began to draw lots again, again in groups of 30 people. This time Li Pingfan got the first group, but Wu Yanxia was the last group. Li Pingfan shook his head helplessly, as if he understood This is the organizer's arrangement.

And this time the rules of the competition have changed a bit. There is only one arena, and the competition starts in groups. The time is still one hour, but the difference this time is that after the end, forty people need to stay, that is to say , as long as enough people in the first few groups are eliminated, the last group will have a chance to advance directly without a competition. After Li Pingfan understood this, he also had his own wishful thinking in mind.

As the bell rang, Li Pingfan came to the arena. After arriving on the arena, Li Pingfan felt that someone was staring at him, so Li Pingfan searched for it with his spiritual sense, and found a place not far from him. Li Pingfan saw a man in clean white clothes with a very handsome face staring at him. Li Pingfan also immediately recalled the performance of this man in the previous rounds of competitions, and judging from his skills, he seemed to be similar to Fengze. Ray is a lot like that.

After Li Pingfan found someone who was a threat to him, he also put away his spiritual consciousness at the same time.

After the start of the competition, to Li Pingfan's surprise, the person who was hostile to him did not choose to attack himself, but instead attacked other people.

And Li Pingfan also started to attack other people.

At the same time, there are several people on the ring who are also launching their own strengths and attacking others. Li Pingfan is also a little shocked at this time. Sure enough, these people have been hiding their own strengths before, but are they showing themselves now? The strongest one, Li Pingfan also does not know.

And after this battle, there were only 8 people left on the ring, one can imagine how tragic it was.


		