

Chapter Thirty-eight

Come to Chinese Medicine Street again

Are you really the one who took the mission? Wu Yanxia asked.

Li Pingfan didn't speak either, but just nodded.

Wu Yanxia was about to ask an important question again, but reason told her not to ask again.

Li Pingfan also seemed to understand a lot.

Ever since Wu Yanxia gave Li Mo the information about his arrest, Li Pingfan felt that something was wrong. Then a stranger came up and gave you such important information.

You have to know that the Li family is also one-sided in Binhai. No matter who saved Li Mo this time, they will definitely be appreciated. At least there is no need to worry about the prosperity and wealth in Binhai. Combined with the fact that the mission on the dark web was accepted, so Li Pingfan I also know that Wu Yanxia at this time must also know that she was invited by the Li family to secretly protect Li Mo.

But what Li Pingfan couldn't understand at the time was why Wu Yanxia and Yan Lu also came to rescue Li Mo together. When they came here, Li Pingfan figured out something.

Li Mo must also have a certain relationship with the Lanyu League. He even said that Li Mo had joined the Lanyu League. Only by confirming it can I feel at ease. If Li Mo really joins the Lanyu League, then the two of them will have mutual goals, so that their burden will be lighter.

Li Pingfan suddenly had a new idea. If he cooperates with Lan Yumeng, he can just play around. He can buy the medicinal materials and refining equipment he needs through Lanyumeng. After all, working alone is not as good as a team. No matter how strong a person is, he is not as powerful as a team. Here, Li Pingfan does not refer to force. If we talk about force, Li Pingfan can easily hit a group of people. What Li Pingfan thinks about is medicinal materials and intelligence. At this time, Li Pingfan's mouth showed a sinister smile of a villain's success.

Did Li Mo also join Lan Yu League? Li Pingfan asked directly.

Wu Yanxia was immediately stunned, thinking what was going on, only she and Yan Lu knew about Li Mo's joining the Lanyu League, and no one else knew about it, not even Li Mo's family, because this The involvement is too great. If people find out, then the Li family and the Wu family will also cause unnecessary troubles. Although they can all be resolved, who wants to have more enemies?

However, Wu Yanxia also thought about it carefully, and realized that Li Pingfan is also a smart person based on what happened before, and it is understandable to find anomalies from it.

It's just that Wu Yanxia can't admit this kind of thing, as long as she doesn't admit it, what others say is just fabricated, if she admits it, then even if she has a hundred cards, she can't explain it clearly.

Are you willing to join Lanyu League?

Wu Yanxia didn't answer directly, but instead asked the same question as before in the bar.

Li Pingfan thought for a while and said, I don't like to join any sect, but if it's a cooperation, that's another story.

Wu Yanxia was also taken aback, thinking that many people in the Lanyu League would not let them in if they wanted to. Now that my mother invites you in, you still tell me to cooperate, but you can't do it on the surface. You can only say it tactfully, what will happen What about cooperation law?

Li Pingfan suddenly became interested and said.

That is, if you have any major issues in the Lanyu League in the future, you can ask me for help, and I won't take any money, but what? I need someone from your league to find me some medicinal ingredients.

Error 504 (Server Error)!!1504.That’s an error.There was an error. Please try again later.That’s all we know.

But I don't want to lose such a talent, and if that thing is really done by the person in front of me, then I really have to ask him for help with important matters, and now Wu Yanxia is in a dilemma.

Forget it, I will bet this time, if the bet is right, then my grandpa will win. . . Wu Yanxia didn't dare to think about it. If that was the case, then her Wu family would definitely be able to guarantee her status in the family election half a year later. If she didn't bet right, then Wu Yanxia didn't dare to imagine.

Okay, I promise you, from now on, we will be a cooperative relationship, Wu Yanxia replied firmly.

Okay, then I'll give you what I need in a while, and see if you can find some for me, Li Pingfan said brazenly.

Wu Yanxia was also speechless, thinking to herself, I have never seen such a shameless person like you, you haven't done anything to me yet, and even asked me to find medicinal ingredients for you first, but Wu Yanxia didn't dare to say it out, After all, it will be a cooperative relationship after all, and the most important thing is that I may not be able to beat him now.

Well, then you don't need to say more about what happened before, I've already made it clear, if I'm not around, please take care of Li Mo.

We will do this, after all, she is also a member of my Lan Yumeng. Li Pingfan arched his hands to express his gratitude, and then returned to his room. When the two returned to their rooms, there were two people beside the corridor who heard the previous conversation clearly.

After Li Pingfan returned to his room, he carefully recalled the previous battle, why there was such a big gap in strength between Wang Ming and Feng Zhenghao, and why Feng Zhenghao had a trace of aura.

Looking at this world, there is no trace of cultivating immortals. Most of the people are ordinary people without even a trace of spiritual energy in their bodies.

In Li Pingfan's mind, this world should be full of warriors like Li Ming. They shouldn't have aura, because the aura in this world is too thin. Li Pingfan is sure that even if he absorbs all the aura in this area, At most, I can only go to the False God Realm, and this still needs the assistance of a lot of medicinal materials, otherwise it is absolutely impossible.

Forget it, don’t think about it, the most important thing now is to improve your strength, as long as you enter the third level of Qi training, you can learn some small spells, Li Pingfan imagined in his heart, but it is too difficult to reach the third level of Qi training , I reached the second level of Qi training by relying on the few beads of herbs before, if I didn't have those few beads of herbs, I wouldn't be able to enter the second level of Qi training so quickly.

Hey, I can only see that the herb on the Chinese medicine street is still on the stall, I hope someone else bought it, Li Pingfan sighed lightly, and entered the state of cultivation.

The next day Li Pingfan got up very early, because today he had to rush to the Chinese Medicine Street to see if the medicinal material was still there.

In this way, Li Pingfan first wrote a sentence and placed it at the door.

He left Wu Yanxia's residence by himself, and walked in the direction of Traditional Chinese Medicine Street.


		