

Li Pingfan returned to the dormitory.

Brother Fan, are you okay? That woman Yan Lu didn't do anything to you.

Li Pingfan shook his head.

At this time, Li Pingfan's heart was very complicated. Originally, he just wanted to live in this star field safely. It is benevolent.

Fatty, can you tell me about the power of the Medical University, Li Pingfan said suddenly.

Su Haokai was also in a daze.

Brother Fan, what's wrong with you, did that woman Yan Lu threaten you?

Fatty, do you know Lan Yu League?

I know this, this is Sister Xia's influence, and Yan Lu belongs to Sister Xia.

What did Brother Fan and Yan Lu tell you?

Nothing, it's just that I want to know their influence, and I feel that I know very little about this place.

Brother Fan, I can tell you about the power of the University of Medicine, but you have to answer me a question.

Go ahead, Li Pingfan said.

Was it you who hurt Yuan Hao?

After Su Haokai asked the question, Huang Mao and Siyan also got up from the bed.

Haven't you two already gone to bed? I made a phone call just now, what did you two say, let me go out and call, you two are going to sleep, it has been an hour, and you two woke up again.

Su Haokai ridiculed Huangmao and Siyan angrily.

Li Pingfan also likes this kind of feeling in his heart, because Li Pingfan has always been on his own for thousands of years, he has no friends, and he has never felt this way.

Oh, brother Kai, I just woke up and heard your topic. Huang Mao joked with a smile.

Damn, forget it, you two will make breakfast for me and Brother Fan tomorrow, otherwise... Su Haokai let out a strange smile.

Don't worry, brother Kai, we have two bags. Huangmao and Four Eyes replied quickly.

Brother Fan, did you do it, Huang Mao asked at this time.

Li Pingfan pursed his lips and smiled, then nodded slightly, without saying a word.

The yellow hair and four eyes were on the bed, so they couldn't see clearly, only Su Haokai who was closest to Li Fanfan saw this subtle movement.

Su Haokai was also surprised.

What's the matter, Huang Mao couldn't wait to ask.

Su Haokai made a silent gesture to Huang Mao, and then nodded.

Huang Mao and four eyes leaked an expression of unbelievable.

Alright, let the fat man get down to business. Li Pingfan interrupted their surprise.

Brother Fan, since you injured Wang Tie, you have the ability to protect yourself in the Medical University.

But Lu Feng is not so easy to provoke, after all, he is one of the three major forces in our medical university.

One of the three major forces, Li Pingfan said to himself.

What about the remaining two forces? Who is in control, and who are the core characters in them?

Li Pingfan raised a series of questions.

Brother Fan, let's talk one by one first, Su Haokai replied.

Aren't you two still asleep?

Only then did Huangmao and Four Eyes react.

Oh, we slept just now, we are not sleepy now, Huang Mao said with a smile.

Then come down and listen. After all, this kind of thing can't be said too loudly, after all, walls have ears.

Brother Fan, Lu Feng is the grandson of Lu Shengshou, so he has always been lawless.

It killed a girl in our school in the first half of the semester. Speaking of this, Su Haokai's voice was extremely low, but fortunately Li Pingfan is a practitioner with good hearing.

But Huangmao and Four Eyes did not hear anything.

In the end, the family of the girl that Lu Feng messed with couldn't stay in Binhai anymore, and then moved away.

Li Pingfan nodded and didn't say much.

The reason why Lu Feng dared to be so arrogant in the medical university was also thanks to his good brother Yuan Hao, because Yuan Hao was a warrior and he did a lot of bad things in school.

Especially this semester, Yuan Hao has entered the middle stage of the Huang rank, and he has very few opponents in the medical university.

This Yuan Haotie is Lu Feng's most capable follower, and the others are just some little guys.

Part of the reason why others fear him is because of his family background.

You may not know how famous Lu Shengshou is. Many powerful people have been cured by Lu Shengshou, so many families here owe favors to Lu Shengshou.

So Lu Feng is not only at school, he can definitely walk sideways in this place.

Then there is Wu Yanxia's Lanyu League. Compared with Lu Feng, sister Xia's Lanyu League is much better. They never provoke others, but if others dare to provoke them, the consequences are unimaginable.

Speaking of this, Su Haokai slipped out a wicked smile.

None of these subtle movements escaped Li Pingfan's eyes.

Sister Xia's Lanyu League is generally managed by Yan Lu, and Sister Xia will only come forward unless something important happens, otherwise you may not even see Sister Xia for a semester.

Hey, I have been in school for half a year, and I was only lucky enough to meet Miss Xia once. I still remember her graceful figure and her skin that can be broken by blows and blows. Just thinking about it makes me drool.

When Li Pingfan heard this, he slapped him in the past.

Okay, don't be obsessive, and continue talking.

Su Haokai scratched the back of his head embarrassingly.

So this time when Yan Lu came to you, I guessed that you must be the one who injured Yuan Hao.

She asked me to join the Lanyu League, Li Pingfan said.

Then what are you thinking about, Brother Fan, this must be added, Su Haokai said excitedly.

It was as if he could join the Lanyu League.

Li Pingfan was originally a person who liked freedom, and he never joined any sect or organization.

Also, Brother Fan, let me tell you that 70% of the Lan Yu League is female, and most of them are very... you know.

After finishing speaking, Su Haokai revealed a sinister smile again.

Li Pingfan slapped Su Haokai again.

Oops, it hurts to death, Brother Fan, you should be gentle.

Then you just talk about it, don't give me some nonsense.

No, Brother Fan, if you join the Lanyu League, then Lu Feng and his group will never dare to trouble you again.

Everyone in the medical university knew who Miss Xia was.

Oh? Who is she? Li Pingfan asked back.

She is a descendant of the Wu family. It is said that the old man of the Wu family has already broken through to the ground level, so the power of the Wu family in Binhai has become stronger.

This is when Li Pingfan heard about the new martial artist level.

What kind of strength is that?

Brother Fan, I'm not too clear about this, and I'm not a martial arts practitioner, so you have to ask the martial arts practitioners, they all know how to rate.

Li Pingfan didn't continue to ask, and he couldn't be blamed for that.

Alright, you mentioned two forces, what about another one?

Hey, Brother Fan, don't worry? I haven't finished this yet.

It is said that there is another person in Lan Yumeng who has a higher status than Yan Lu, and is even on the same level as Sister Xia. This person hides very deeply, and I don’t know about it at the moment, and there is very little information about him.

Li Pingfan raised his hand again, ready to lift it up.

I don't know who it is, why are you talking about him? Li Pingfan was also furious.

No, Brother Fan, I was wrong.

Li Pingfan put his hand down and said, continue to talk, don't chatter.

Oh. . Su Haokai replied with some grievances.

Isn't there another power? Who is the other one? Li Pingfan asked again.


		