

Chapter 97

Kill Zhao Hai

After the competition between Feng Zelei and Li Shan ended, after several rounds of competitions, it finally came to the competition between Li Pingfan.

But after everyone in Wu Zhiguo learned about Li Pingfan's opponent, they felt a little anxious.

Because Li Pingfan's opponent is Zhao Hai from the Asura Hall, let alone Zhao Hai's strength, even if he is not Li Pingfan's opponent, I am afraid that he is determined to die with Li Pingfan.

Please invite No. 6 Binhai Martial Arts League Li Pingfan to face No. 15 Shura Palace Zhao Hai.

What? How could it be the two of them, this Li Pingfan just lost the cultivation base of Zhao Huai from the Asura Hall yesterday, how could he meet Zhao Hai from the Asura Hall by such a coincidence today.

Hey, needless to say, it was deliberately arranged, and anyone with a discerning eye can see it.

That's right, that's right, think about it, is Shura Palace so easy to bully? I think even if Li Pingfan survives this time, he will inevitably not be chased and killed by the people of Shura Hall in the future.

Yes, the Asura Palace is famous for revenge. I don’t know if you still remember that three years ago, someone offended the people of the Shura Palace, and was hunted down by the killers of the Shura Palace for nearly half a year. Finally, the whole family was killed. off.

Ah, is there really such a thing? I thought it was fake at the time.

Hey, brother, this matter was known by the people above at the time, but later it was suppressed because it was afraid that it would have too much impact, so few people knew about it.

No wonder.

Wu Zhiguo looked at Li Pingfan, and wanted to give some advice, but he didn't say anything.

But Feng Zhenghao only said a word of caution. Because they knew that even if they persuaded Li Pingfan to admit defeat, Li Pingfan would not agree.

Li Pingfan walked to the ring.

They are already on stage, the audience said.

I hope that in the competition for a while, you will not admit defeat so easily and beg for mercy, Zhao Hai said playfully.

Li Pingfan sneered, really feel sad for your ignorance.

Humph, I laughed to death, I am ignorant, hahahaha, I'm afraid you don't know the horror of Asura Hall, but it's okay, I will torture you slowly in a while, hahahaha, after finishing speaking, Zhao Hai laughed.

All the people listened to their conversation, and became tense instantly with anger.

Game start.

The two shot together.

Boom, there was a loud noise, and the power of each move of the two of them could be compared to people who flew half a step away.

Did he also enter the ground level? Feng Zhenghao watched the duel between Li Pingfan and Zhao Hai in the audience, feeling a little unbelievable.

Yes, he has stepped into that level, Wu Zhiguo said.

But what they don't know is that Li Pingfan's combat power cannot be measured by the combat power of this star field.

Just in the effort of these few words between the two, the two people on the ring were already fighting hard. Between them, Zhao Hai punched and killed him. Li Pingfan quickly dodged, and then kicked down, Zhao Hai lifted Kicked down at the same time, bang, the two of them took a few steps back.

In less than a moment, Zhao Hai attacked again, and this time the attack speed was obviously faster and stronger than before.

And Li Pingfan's speed and strength are also constantly increasing.

Guess who will win between the two of them.

Judging from the current situation, it's hard to say, maybe both of them still have hole cards that they haven't used.

Let me tell you, the Shura Palace has a relatively high winning rate. Think about it, the Shura Palace is famous for its masters like clouds. It is said that if you have not reached the Xuan rank, people will not want you. Asura Hall, that was just an errand.

Yes, yes, I've heard that too, and besides, do you want a guy who picks up girls in a jousting ring to win? If he wins, he will really lose face in the Martial Arts Conference.

Yes, yes, I hope Zhao Haisheng from Shura Hall wins.

take a look.

Those who were still discussing immediately looked towards the ring.

I saw that Zhao Hai had increased his speed again, and this time he rushed to Li Pingfan twice as fast as before.

Li Pingfan was also shocked, this speed was probably comparable to his own.

Li Pingfan also increased his speed at the same time.

Grandpa, tell me, can Li Pingfan win? Wu Yanxia said.

You have to trust him, Wu Zhiguo said.

Li Pingfan, after playing with you for so long, it should be over, Zhao Hai pondered.

Zhao Hai once again increased his extreme speed and strength, and punched Li Pingfan directly.

Li Pingfan was directly bombarded to the ground.

Haha, Li Pingfan, if you are punched by me, even if you don’t die, you probably won’t survive tomorrow, Zhao Hai laughed.

It's just that Li Pingfan got up and said before Zhao Hai was happy to count his breath, right? But even if I can't see the sun tomorrow, I'm afraid you won't be able to.

Speaking of Li Pingfan, he mobilized his own heaven and earth spiritual energy with his exercises, and punched Zhao Hai directly.

Zhao Hai instinctively punched Li Pingfan at the same time, but because he had already attacked once with all his strength, he could not increase his ultimate strength again in a short time.

Ka Ka Ka Ka Ka, with a crisp sound, Zhao Hai's whole body was shattered by Li Pingfan.

No, it's not possible.

Well, you can say goodbye to this beautiful world. Li Pingfan kicked Zhao Hai directly.

Pfft, Zhao Hai vomited blood, lost his breath for a few breaths, and died on the ring.

Quiet, as quiet as death, they didn't expect that Zhao Hai didn't defeat Li Pingfan, let alone that Li Pingfan dared to kill the people of Asura Palace.

After a few minutes, an old man in Shura Hall said angrily.

Li Pingfan, you wait for the old man, the Asura Hall will start an endless hunt for you, killing your closest people, killing your family members, and killing anyone who has anything to do with you.

Oh, really? Then you don't have to go.

Li Pingfan appeared directly in front of the talking old man, and punched him down. The old man wanted to resist, but Li Pingfan's speed was too fast, and the old man was thrown more than ten meters away.

Enough, stop, Nalan Jie shot to stop Li Pingfan, this is a martial arts conference, and it is not allowed to hurt the spectators outside the venue.

Li Pingfan took advantage and returned to the ring.

Haven't announced the result of the competition yet? Li Pingfan looked at the adjudicating officer in a blink of an eye. The adjudicating officer shuddered in fright and immediately shouted, No. 6 Li Pingfan wins.

Li Pingfan stepped off the ring and walked in the direction of Feng Zhenghao.


		