

Chapter 73

breakthrough, win

Hahaha, okay, okay, this is your courting death, so don't blame me.

boom.

Li Pingfan collided with a punch with his left hand this time.

Li Pingfan did not back down this time, because at that moment, Li Pingfan felt his long-lost second-level strength of Qi training, which had broken through to the third level, and even the previous injuries were being repaired, but now he is still on the ground. In the arena, there is no extra time to wait for Li Pingfan's injury to recover, so Li Pingfan can only take out silver needles to seal his pain points, which means he can't feel pain. Of course, this is very harmful to the body, but Li Pingfan also There is no other way but this.

come again.

Another punch, this time Li Pingfan dealt with it with ease, completely different from the previous one.

Impossible, how is it possible, you broke through.

You also stepped into the ground with one foot, this is impossible, how could someone break through in the battle, this is impossible.

Haha, even if you break through, you are still no match for me, Liu Hao said to himself.

At this time, everyone in the arena looked at Li Pingfan in disbelief, and even Liu Zhen's face became very embarrassed. The stable victory was broken by a brat who didn't know where he came from.

Liu Zhen was also very upset.

Father, did he really break through to that level? Wu Yang asked Wu Zhiguo.

The ground level is not so easy to break through. He hasn't broken through to that level yet, but he has already touched the threshold of the ground level. Breakthrough is also a matter of time.

My Wu family must make good friends with this person in the future, if possible, let Xiaoxia marry him, Wu Zhiguo said with a smile.

Fortunately, Wu Yanxia fainted in the previous battle, otherwise she would definitely faint again after hearing Wu Zhiguo's words.

Then father, do you think who will win this battle, Wu Chen asked.

It's hard to say at the moment, but judging from the situation on the court, Pingfan Xiaoyou has stabilized his position, but his injury is too serious, it's really hard to say.

But in the arena at this time, Liu Hao still attacked, and Li Pingfan defended, but Li Pingfan became more and more calm.

Liu Hao, don't wait any longer, don't forget what I prepared for you in advance.

Well, master, I know.

Liu Hao took a pill, which looked like a pill, but he couldn't feel the breath of the pill.

After Liu Hao took this pill, his attack power doubled compared to before, and Li Pingfan also defended hard again.

It's just that after a few times of adaptation, Li Pingfan can also deal with it calmly.

Die to me, Liu Hao attacked again, still yelling.

Alright, I'll send you to hell now. Li Pingfan picked up the exercises this time, and he remembered that there is a technique that can be used on the third level of Qi training.

Li Pingfan meditated in his heart, "Wind Control Technique", and Li Pingfan recited the formula. At this time, a strong wind blew behind Li Pingfan, and Li Pingfan used the wind force to punch Liu Hao.

With this blow, Liu Hao instantly stepped back ten steps and fell to the ground.

Impossible, I refuse to accept, how could I lose, no, Liu Hao shouted loudly.

Liu Zhen hurried forward to help Liu Hao up.

Father, how could I lose, it's impossible, I didn't believe it, and fell into a coma after speaking.

Mr. Jiang, save my son, Liu Zhen yelled.

Boy, I want you to die, Liu Zhen shouted.

Liu Zhen, you can be a martial artist here, don't be presumptuous, otherwise don't blame me for being rude to you.

Wu Zhiguo, you can take my life, but he hurt my son, he must die.

Haha, Liu Zhen, your life is mine, what right do you have to decide the life and death of others.

Ah ah ah ah, die to me, Liu Zhen hit Li Pingfan.

Wu Zhiguo, with quick eyesight and quick hands, stepped forward to resist. He didn't dare to let the savior have any problems.

Wu Zhiguo and Liu Zhen fought dozens of moves again, and it was obvious that Liu Zhen was defeated again.

Wu Zhiguo, let's do it, my son's life and death are unknown, and it doesn't make sense for me to live.

No, Liu Zhen, I caused all the consequences, so I will not kill you, you can go.

Wu Zhiguo, do you still want to humiliate me?

Liu Zhen, when is it time to retaliate? I killed you today. Your family took revenge for you and killed me. you go.

Liu Zhen froze in place.

By the way, today is the victory of my martial arts family. If there is a chance, I will bring the juniors of my martial arts family to compete with you in a dignified manner.

Haha, hahahahaha, hahahahaha, okay, Wu Zhiguo, I'll wait for you. After listening to Wu Zhiguo's words, Liu Zhen instantly became hopeful, and then left the Wu family with everyone.

After Liu Zhen and the others left, Li Pingfan was also a little exhausted and fainted to the ground.

Seeing this, everyone in the Wu family hurriedly sent him to the indoor nursery.

The night passed quickly, and when Li Pingfan woke up the next day, his luck felt the strength of his third level of Qi training, and he was also very happy. If he practiced normally, it would take at least a year or even longer for him to break through. , and this breakthrough in the battle can be regarded as an opportunity for him.

And if I have reached the third level of Qi training, it proves that I can use some spells easily, but there are really too few spells on the third level of Qi training, and Li Pingfan only remembers one or two, after all, in the previous star field Low-level spells have no influence at all, they are just learned for fun, so Li Pingfan rarely deliberately collects such spells.

And the wind control technique used this time is actually to borrow the wind power to increase one's speed and strength. If it was a technique like Ziwei Xingyu, she wouldn't even look at it, because it was too rubbish, and it had no effect at all, because The strength and speed of his promotion are limited, so Li Pingfan didn't think of it at the first time. But fortunately, at the last moment, I remembered this technique, so this competition was a blessing in disguise.

You woke up, and a nurse next to you saw Li Pingfan wake up.

Um.

Wait a minute, I'll call someone.

No need, you go out first.

Li Pingfan invited the nurse out, then got up, picked up the silver needle and pierced different acupoints, and then practiced luck exercises to let the aura nourish the body, and soon the previous injury had recovered half, but the broken right hand, It still needs bone grafting, and this Li Pingfan can do the same. After a while, all of Li Pingfan's own injuries have fully recovered, and even his right arm has returned to its original state.

Squeak, just after Li Pingfan finished his treatment, the door was pushed open.

Ordinary friend, how do you feel? Is there any problem with your body? Wu Zhiguo walked up to Li Pingfan and asked.

Thank you Grandpa Wu for caring, much better.

Thumping, Wu Zhiguo knelt down again.

Thank you, little friend, if it weren't for you, my Wu family would have disappeared from Binhai.

Grandpa Wu got up quickly, and Li Pingfan went to help him.

Wu Zhiguo blocked Li Pingfan's hand and said. I know that no words can express your great kindness and virtue to my Wu family, but I guarantee that it will be useful to my Wu family in the future, and everyone in my Wu family, young and old, is obliged to do so.


		