

After Li Pingfan left the library, he walked in the direction of home.

Star Internet Cafe, Li Pingfan saw an Internet cafe not long after he left. Li Pingfan also wanted to try the results of his three-day study, so he came here to see if there was any work, and Li Pingfan walked in.

There are all kinds of people inside, and some children are yelling loudly.

Li Pingfan found the boss and asked if the place was still recruiting.

Young man, we are not recruiting people here. If you have enough people, you can go to another place to ask.

Li Pingfan didn't go out either, and walked inside. Li Pingfan stood behind a young man, and there were still people around who were still directing, you Q him, you Q him and he died, alas, what a pity, Li Pingfan After watching it for a while, I felt really bored and was about to leave.

Brother Monkey, you are here.

Li Pingfan looked at the door, and the boss yelled at a young, thin man.

The man named Monkey nodded to the boss, said, still the same, and walked into a corner after speaking.

Monkey, Monkey, Monkey...

As he walked along, many people greeted him.

Li Pingfan asked a man next to him in the grade who was about 25 years old, brother, who is this monkey brother, and why is he so ostentatious.

Brother, you are new here.

Yes, Li Pingfan replied.

This famous monkey brother is known to everyone in our area. He knows a dark web, and there are many tasks with high rewards on the dark web. He is the only one here who knows how to enter the dark web. He will come here to release some tasks, and there will be generous rewards for completing them, so no one here dares to offend him. If anyone offends him, he will blacklist that person, and he will never be able to accept the task.

Li Pingfan looked at that corner in a blink of an eye. After a while, Brother Hou was surrounded by people, and the people around him did not dare to make a sound, and could only quietly watch the tasks on Brother Hou's computer.

From Platinum 2 dozen to Diamond 41000 Yuan, who will take it?

I'll answer, Brother Monkey, I'll answer, a man who is fat, with thinning hair, looks oily all over his face, and feels like he hasn't washed his face for a week.

After this person finished speaking, none of the people around dared to speak, and no one was extraordinarily quiet, for fear of disturbing Brother Monkey.

It's you, didn't you just get Diamond One last night? Do you dare to accept this list? You have to watch the time, if you can't make the call within three days, you won't have a penny and you will lose money. I can give you another chance to think about it. You can think again.

Don't think about it, Brother Monkey, I'll pick him up, don't worry, I'll call him within three days.

Then this task will be given to you. After the old rules are completed, I will charge 10% of the fee. This is the old rule here. After everyone accepts the task, they need to give Brother Monkey a percentage of the cost of the task. Tenth, if you refuse to accept, then the task will not be given to you, and you will never receive the task.

The next one is from platinum one to diamond one, the cost is 2000 yuan, who will take it.

I'll do it, Brother Monkey, I'll do it.

Do you want to take on this task? Isn’t it a little bit of talent for you to fight this as a king? There are bigger ones in the future, don’t you think about it?

No, brother monkey, the state is a bit wrong these two days, I'd better type this first.

It's up to you, write your name, it's still the old rule, don't forget.

Li Pingfan became interested in this, so he walked to that corner.

This is to open the box for 4,000 yuan to get a fire unicorn, and the rest of the money will be yours. If you don’t get it, you can only put money in it and continue to open it until it is opened.

Generally, few people will take this kind of missions. This kind of missions are all based on luck. Some lucky ones will be able to drive them as soon as they come up, and some unlucky ones may have to post thousands of yuan in it.

At this time, the surroundings were unusually quiet, and no one would think that they were lucky, so this task could only be exiled.

Li Pingfan saw that there were fewer and fewer people around him, and there were fewer and fewer quests on the quest helper. None of the above quests were suitable for him. When he was about to turn around and leave, Li Pingfan saw a quest with a reward of 100. Wan, Li Pingfan looked at the date. This task turned out to be a month ago, and no one has dared to take it up to now.

Li Pingfan was also a little confused about what kind of mission no one dared to take, and it was still one million. If there were one million, he would directly change from a crow to a phoenix.

Has no one accepted Brother Hou’s task yet, the person next to him whispered.

Who dares to take it, the daughter who protects the Li Group, if she doesn't have that strength, she may not be able to see the sun the next day.

This task has been hanging here for a month, and no one has accepted this task. I think it will be removed from the shelves in a few days.

How should I take this task? At this moment, a sudden voice came into Brother Monkey's ears.

Who is it, Brother Monkey turned his head and looked.

it's me.

Are you going to take this task?

Li Pingfan nodded and replied, yes, I have accepted this task, how can I accept it?

At this time, the people around heard that someone has now accepted the mission from a month ago. Most of the people stood up and looked at the corner of Brother Hou. Everyone wanted to see who dared to take this mission.

Are you sure you want to take this task? If there is a mistake in this task, then you may not be able to see the sun the next day. You should think about it first, Brother Monkey said.

Don't think about it, Li Pingfan finally found a job that suits him, so he still needs to think about it.

But I have a request, I need the other party to pay me 30,000 yuan in advance, you can contact the other party first, if the other party agrees to my request, I will accept this task.

Brother Hou took out his mobile phone and went to the side to make a call.

After a while, Brother Hou walked up to Li Pingfan and said, let's go to the private room to talk.

Li Pingfan followed Brother Monkey to the private room.

The other party agreed to the request you mentioned, but why should the other party believe you? The other party needs you to leave some valuable things. If you run away, it will be very troublesome to find someone because Binhai is so big.

Li Pingfan touched his pocket. I have nothing to give you now, but you can rest assured that I will wait for you at this place at seven o'clock tomorrow morning. I need one night to deal with some personal matters. Things, if you're worried you can come with me.

Brother Hou thought for a while and replied, that's all right, but I believe you, so I won't go with you, you take out your phone and I'll scan you.

I need cash, Li Pingfan said.

Well, then you come with me, and they walked out of the Internet cafe after talking.

This is 30,000 cash, please order it. I will wait for you there tomorrow morning. I hope you don't lie to me.

Li Pingfan nodded and walked towards home.


		