

Chapter 158

leave

Li Pingfan slowly opened the door of his room, only to see all the people staring at Li Pingfan's room.

Li Pingfan was stunned for a moment, what happened to you? Li Pingfan scratched his head and said.

Pfft, Hu Yinger hugged Li Pingfan tightly, Brother Pingfan, promise me not to risk your life for me in the future, Hu Yinger said in a crying voice.

You are my sisters, how could I see you in deep danger and not rescue them, Li Pingfan shrugged and said.

Hearing the word "sister", Hu Yinger felt a little sad in her heart, and ran to the side with her head down.

Senior Meng, thank you for saving your life, Li Pingfan came to Meng Jianping and cupped his hands and said.

Haha, ordinary little friend, you don't have to be polite, even if I didn't make a move, he wouldn't dare to hurt you at all.

Oh? how do I say this.

With those three disciples from a semi-hermit family around, Lei Tai still didn't dare to act presumptuously.

But I vaguely remember Lei Tai attacking himself.

Meng Jianping shook his head and said.

Lei Tai is a peak warrior in the late stage of the Heaven Rank. If he really wanted to kill you, how could I save you when you were so weak at that time? He just wanted to force me to show up.

The peak of the late stage of the heavenly rank, isn't it already reached the peak in the secular world?

Meng Jianping nodded and said, indeed he is really strong, I am not his opponent, Meng Jianping shook his head and said.

Bang bang bang, there was a knock on the door.

Li Mo went to open the door, and three familiar faces appeared in front of everyone.

It was Liu Shihuan, Zhang Heng and Wang Zekun.

After the three saw Li Pingfan.

Fuck, are you still human? Your spiritual power was exhausted during that battle, but you never expected to recover it in less than three days. It's incredible, incredible, Zhang Heng patted Li Pingfan on the shoulder and said.

For three days, I was in a coma for three days. It seems that my spiritual energy consumption is too great this time, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

What are you talking about today? Li Pingfan asked.

Hey, let's see if you recover, tomorrow is a week away, we should leave too, Wang Zekun said.

Tomorrow will be, Li Pingfan shook his head, sighing how time flies.

That's fine, I'll go see you tomorrow at noon.

Okay, now that it's agreed, we don't want to bother, so we leave, and the three of us leave the villa.

Brother Pingfan, are you leaving again? Hu Yinger asked.

Li Pingfan, how long are you going to be away this time, Lin Jiaqi also hesitated and said.

Well, I have an agreement with them. I will come back for a week. Now that the week has passed, it is time for me to leave.

By the way, I also want to ask you to help me take care of the two little guys in my house. Remember that unless it is absolutely necessary, you must not let anyone know that they are here.

Li Mo nodded, I see, how long will you be away this time.

Hmm...I don't know, but I'll be back to see you soon.

Brother Fan, where are you going, take me there. Su Haokai said.

Brother Pingfan, take me there, I want to stay by your side and take care of you, Hu Yinger looked at Li Pingfan tenderly and said.

And I.

I'm going too, Li Mo and Huang Mao said together.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, you can't go, you have to stay and study hard, Li Pingfan said with a smile.

Brother Fan, I can't bear you, can you not leave, Su Haokai said.

I'm afraid not.

Well, it's getting late, and you haven't had a good rest for several days and nights, so go and rest.

Brother Fan, I... Su Haokai wanted to say something, but he swallowed it.

Brother Pingfan, you must come back in time, Ying Er will always be waiting for you.

Well, Li Pingfan touched Yinger's head.

Li Pingfan, protect yourself, Li Mo said.

Don't worry about me, who am I, Li Pingfan, invincible, okay? Haha, Li Pingfan said with a smile.

Everyone shed tears one after another, because they knew that it would be more dangerous for Li Pingfan to leave this time. They had never heard of the semi-hidden family, but they heard that they were stronger than Fu Haowen. Lei Tai didn't even dare to breathe in front of them, so they Know how dangerous the place Li Pingfan is going to be.

Although I am very polite to Li Pingfan now, you must know that if you really go, you will go to the tiger's den. In the tiger's den, if you are not careful, you may die.

So everyone was downcast, and they were very worried about Li Pingfan's safety.

After everyone left, Meng Jianping and Feng Zhenghao were left in the hall at this moment.

By the way, Senior Meng, why did you come to Binhai? Li Pingfan asked.

Uh, didn't Deacon Feng tell you?

Li Pingfan looked at Feng Zhenghao.

Hey, you've been in a coma for the past few days, and you can't find the time to tell you about it. Didn't I say that Binhai Wumeng is going to have an elder?

Li Pingfan looked at Meng Jianping, it couldn't be you.

Damn, Lao Meng, you didn't say such a big thing earlier, Li Pingfan was so happy that he got carried away.

Hahahahaha, it's not too late for ordinary friends to know now.

With you here, I don't have to worry about them anymore.

Don't worry, little friend, with me, Meng Jianping, no one would dare to make a mistake.

Hahahahaha, the three laughed loudly.

That's fine, I can leave Binhai with peace of mind.

By the way, little friend, if you are in any danger, let me know immediately, I also have some friends.

Hmm... Thank you, Senior Meng.

Alright, your strength has recovered now, but you still need to stabilize it, so go and stabilize your strength, we will leave first, Meng Jianping said.


		