

Chapter 142

Elder Zhan Wu and Wang Bolin

You guys are so arrogant, if that's the case, don't blame me for playing two against one.

The two pointed at Li Pingfan.

The corners of Li Pingfan's mouth raised a slight arc, showing off his tricks.

Li Pingfan mobilized his aura and pointed out two fingers in succession.

Two beams of spiritual energy turned into the substance rushed towards the attack. The moment they touched, Li Pingfan's attack easily smashed the opponent's attack and came in front of the two.

Turning gas into reality, the two shouted involuntarily.

After that, the two dodged to avoid Li Pingfan's attack.

Kid, how can your technique turn gas into reality? Who are you?

Hearing what the two said, Yu Xiaorou and Liu Ran, who were fighting beside them, also stopped attacking one after another, and looked at the battlefield on Li Pingfan's side.

After that, Li Pingfan once again pointed out that dozens of light beams appeared and attacked the two of them again.

The two grabbed it with big hands, and a wall transformed by aura appeared in front of them.

Li Pingfan's attack hit the top and made a "squeaky" sound.

With a bang, the air wall in front of the two shattered, and the two dodged again.

Really telling the truth out of anger, could this person be? Liu Ran said.

Impossible, impossible, just after finishing speaking, Liu Ran shook her head frantically again.

Elder Liu, what did you say? Yu Xiaorou asked curiously.

Liu Ran shook her head and said it was nothing.

Elder Liu, it's already this time, tell me quickly, is he from there or not.

When Yu Xiaorou saw that the gas was transformed into reality, she guessed a thing or two.

Liu Ran glanced at Yu Xiaorou, and then relayed to Yu Xiaorou what his disciple had said to him.

If not, then how could he use gas to transform reality, but you must know that only the people inside can make this kind of advanced magic.

Liu Ran also shook her head, expressing that she didn't know either.

But Meng Jianping, Nalan Jie and the others around him don't know what it is to turn gas into reality? Because in their cognition, warriors can reach the level of the heavens by cultivating their own strength to the extreme. As for the means of attack, that is their own fist, which can reach a weight of ten thousand catties. He is extremely strong and can kill him with a single punch.

So several people asked Yu Xiaorou and Liu Ran the questions they imagined at the same time.

At this moment, these people are no longer enemies, Yu Xiaorou explained to them.

The journey of cultivation is very bumpy. Yuan Fei is as simple as you imagined. In the outer domain of this world, that is, the so-called secular world, the exercises you practice can only touch the aura with the most impurities in this world. The reason for your skills can only sense him, but in our semi-hidden family, our skills can touch the pure heaven and earth aura, so we can practice other means of attack, which also become skills, and you The fake technique used must have been a genius of your ancestors, and thus created this attack method, but compared with the real technique, yours is simply vulnerable. Yu Xiaorou said.

Immediately afterwards, Liu Ran said, and what you practice can only improve your own strength, without too many means of attack, and we can easily crush you with the help of the power of heaven and earth, so, you secular worlds are in our hands His eyes are like a jumping clown, Liu Ran said, still not forgetting to ridicule.

Everyone who heard these words dared not speak out, because what they said was right, and if the people present were one-on-one, they would really not be their opponents.

And this person's transformation of Qi into reality is a more advanced technique. He can transform his own spiritual energy into substance, Yu Xiaorou said again.

I don't see any difference between his attack and yours, Luo Geng asked.

The two didn't talk to them, because only they knew the pros and cons of it. If they said it, they would inevitably be ridiculed, and then Yu Xiaorou said.

Error 504 (Server Error)!!1504.That’s an error.There was an error. Please try again later.That’s all we know.

This is the key piece of information. The Banyin sect recruits disciples. They don't know that even Meng Jianping, who is the oldest, has never heard of it. But after seeing their methods, everyone wants to join it.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan's side is still fighting fiercely.

Kid, who are you? At this moment, the two were deflated from Li Pingfan's hands again, and asked with some anger in their hearts.

Listen carefully, my name is Li Pingfan.

Knowing that your name is Li Pingfan, are you from that family?

This confused Li Pingfan. Li Pingfan had only been in this world for a few months, and he didn't know any family.

It is the first time Li Pingfan has heard that they are a semi-hidden sect.

It is also the first time Li Pingfan has seen the spells they used. Although they are not as good as his own, they are more than a little bit stronger than the warriors in the secular world before.

What family, my name is Li Pingfan.

Arrogant, taking my move.

Wang Bolin, with his big hands together, continued to read a few words in his mouth, and two huge palms appeared around Li Pingfan, squeezing towards Li Pingfan.

Brother Wang, I'm here to help you. Wu Zhang Lao has been taking pictures with his big hand at the moment, and a big hand appeared on Li Pingfan's head.

Boy, let me see how you can resist this time, the corners of the two of them raised a smile.

Hmph, naive, Li Pingfan grabbed it in the air, and countless icicles transformed from aura pierced the attacking big hand.

Li Pingfan pointed a finger, and the countless ice spikes instantly grew bigger again, making a bang, bang, bang sound.

Not long after, a crack appeared in Gongxiang Li Pingfan's big hand.

After a while, I only heard a bang, and all the kung fu burst into Li Pingfan's big hand in an instant. After that, all the ice thorns did not stop, and directly stabbed Wang Bolin and the five elders.

Seeing that something was not going well, the two used their exercises to resist.

Ah, damn it, break it for me. Elder Wu Zhang couldn't help it at this moment. He just shouted and used his remaining spiritual energy to shatter the attacking ice thorn. After defusing Li Pingfan's attack, Elder Wang Also weak and limp on the ground.

Fifth brother, Liu Ran shouted loudly.


		