

Chapter 61

leave

Young Master Zhang, your savior is about to leave, what other tricks do you have?

Hahahaha, Li Pingfan, very good, but it is not so easy for you to keep me today.

As he said that, Zhang Shaohuang took out his gun and put it on Hu Yinger's head.

This scene frightened everyone, what they never expected was that Zhang Shaohuang was actually carrying a gun.

Everyone knows that in this place, it is illegal for the poor to hold guns, but Zhang Shaohuang actually has a gun.

Now Li Pingfan was also a little flustered. If he had been able to control Zhang Shaohuang before, but he couldn't now, because his cultivation was too low.

Moreover, this is a gun. Li Pingfan knew that this kind of thing could hit a distance of hundreds of meters in one second, and his current speed could not reach this level at all.

So Li Pingfan was a little flustered, but he couldn't show it himself. If he showed it, Zhang Shaohuang would definitely threaten Li Pingfan with it, so Li Pingfan was very calm on the surface.

Zhang Shaohuang couldn't believe it, he thought to himself, you're still so calm with a gun on her head, you don't look like a person of your own age, you have to be at least like your grandfather .

Li Pingfan, I don't think you want them all to die here, and of course I don't want to die either, so how about we make a deal.

trade? What deal, let's hear it.

I let the four of them go, of course you have to let us go, otherwise... Zhang Shaohuang didn't continue talking.

otherwise what?

You ask knowingly.

I have no idea.

Otherwise, they will die together, and none of them will leave alive.

It seems that I must promise you.

OK, let's go.

Zhang Shaohuang pulled Hu Yinger and walked out the door.

You'd better let her go, or you won't be able to get out today. Li Pingfan said viciously.

I don't take hostages. If you go back on your word, we'll die anyway.

Don't worry, I, Li Pingfan, will not go back on the decision I made. You go, I won't go after him, but if you want to take hostages, you should stay here for a while.

Li Pingfan, don't deceive others too much.

If you want hostages, I will be your hostages, but they must be here safely, and you cannot take any of them away, Li Pingfan said.

Zhang Shaohuang was also very helpless, since his life was in his hands, he could only trust Li Fanfan.

Okay, I believe you this time, but you don't have to be my hostage, as long as you let us go.

Take your people and leave quickly, Li Pingfan said impatiently.

After Zhang Shaohuang left, Hu Yinger lay down in Li Pingfan's arms and cried bitterly.

Su Haokai and the others smirked and said, Brother Fan, please comfort your sister-in-law.

Li Pingfan gave everyone a blank look. If you are talking nonsense, I will send you to the hospital for a few days.

The frightened crowd who were still laughing suddenly fell silent.

After a while, Hu Yinger also realized that she was still in Li Pingfan's arms, and she blushed a little bit shyly, so she left in a hurry.

Well, my task is also completed, and I am leaving too, Yan Lu said at this time.

Ok, thanks for your help.

You don't have to thank me, but thank you, Miss Xia.

By the way, if Ms. Yinger wants to join the Huawan of the Qiaoyu League, we welcome you at any time, and Yan Lu will leave after speaking.

It was the first time Hu Yinger had heard of the Qiaoyu League, this organization, after Yan Lu left.

Hu Yinger asked curiously, what does the Qiao Yumeng do.

Su Haokai stepped forward at this time, he is the most familiar with this business, after all, he knows everything about medical university, he knows everything about what happened in school.

Su Haokai explained it to Hu Yinger, and he also had some understanding of this language alliance.

Do you want to go to the Linguistic League? Li Pingfan asked Hu Yinger after Su Haokai finished speaking.

Ah, Hu Yinger was taken aback.

If you want to go to the Qiaoyu League, you can join them. In this way, at least Zhang Shaohuang will not blatantly trouble you again. If I am not by your side, someone can protect you.

Li Pingfan deliberately aggravated you.

Brother Fan, do you think some of us can also join the Qiaoyu League?

Yes, I can help you if you all want to join.

Then what are you thinking about, join in, Su Haokai said first.

OK, how many of you?

Brother Fan, I will join too. I originally wanted to join a faction, Huang Mao said.

What about you with four eyes?

Brother Fan, what can I do after I go there?

Four eyes, you are very useful, don't be so unconfident, if you read the book I gave you, I believe they will need you very much.

book, what book? Brother Fan, you actually turned your four eyes on a little bit, Su Haokai said.

Li Pingfan slapped Su Haokai on the back of the head, this time Li Pingfan poured a trace of spiritual energy into Su Haokai's body again.

At this moment, Su Haokai suddenly felt something different in his body, as if his strength was much stronger. Su Haokai silently looked at Li Fanfan, feeling very grateful in his heart.

Huang Mao looked at the crowd and looked a little disappointed.

Li Pingfan went to Huangmao, if you want to learn martial arts, go to Su Haokai, if you want to study medicine, go to Siyan.

Thank you Brother Fan, Huang Mao said gratefully.

After a while, several people also left Phoenix Bar.

Alright, you have arrived at the dormitory too, you three go back, Li Pingfan said to the three of them.

Let's go, you should go back, Li Fanfan said to Hu Yinger.

Hu Yinger wanted to nod, but then shook her head and said, no, I don't want to go back.

ah? So where do you want to go?

Where are you, Hu Yinger said shyly.


		