

beep...beep.

swish... swish

A thing like a mount galloped past Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan didn't know what kind of thing this was, and he had never seen it on the mountain, nor had Huber mentioned it, so Li Pingfan felt like a mountain cannon entering the city.

And seeing that the shapes of these mounts are all different, some are big and some are small, some have no roof, and some even have only two wheels.

Hey, brothers, you see there is a second idiot in front of you, he seems to be looking at us, a man with a slightly darker appearance and a slightly fatter body said.

The four people in the car looked at each other and smiled. They often do this kind of thing, and they are familiar with it.

When the car passed in front of Li Pingfan, suddenly a sentence came from his ear, what was the second idiot thinking.

Li Pingfan was having fun, and when he heard this sentence, he was immediately refreshed, and he ran to catch up with the car in front of him.

Zhang Shao, look at the back, that second idiot is chasing us, hearing this, everyone in the car is laughing.

Baldy Lin, drive slowly, let's wait for him.

Baldy Lin slowed down the speed of the car.

The speed of Li Pingfan's car suddenly slowed down, and he chased it even more vigorously. After a while, he was less than fifty meters away, thirty meters, twenty meters, ten meters.

At this time, Li Pingfan saw several people in the car.

Er idiot, you run very fast, you are really an idiot, chasing my luxury car with your legs, and several people roared with laughter, as if they heard the funniest thing in the world, and they said it Spit out the window.

Li Pingfan was also doing his best to avoid it.

Baldy Lin, let's go, my uncle is still waiting for me, Young Master Zhang said.

Li Pingfan was about to reach the rear of the car, but the car in front accelerated sharply and pulled away a lot, until he finally got farther and farther away and disappeared.

Li Pingfan was very angry. Damn, if it was you ants before me, I could poke you to death with one finger.

Even if I don't have the previous strength, if I practice the third level of Qi, how can I let you scumbags be presumptuous in front of me, Li Pingfan said silently.

After this incident, Li Pingfan began to desire to practice.

Originally, Li Pingfan didn't want to practice, because the spiritual energy of the world is very scarce. According to the current spiritual energy of the world, it would take two years to practice Qi, but Li Pingfan's skills are special. But even this is very slow, but if Li Fanfan is given enough spiritual herbs, Li Fanfan can achieve Qi training overnight. Li Fanfan believes in his alchemy very much.

Li Pingfan walked forward silently, and suddenly saw a big stone in front of him, which said, Binhai City.

In Binhai City, Li Pingfan whispered, okay, let's go here.

Whoever of you can save my grandfather, I beg you, whoever can save my grandfather, my Li family will definitely repay.

The Li family, this is one of the three major families in Binhai, and its energy is also one of the best in Binhai. Whoever can climb this high branch will surely flourish in the future.

Hmph, if you don't have that kind of strength, it is estimated that your whole family will not end well, we can only watch here.

This is indeed an opportunity to reach the sky in one step, but it is also an opportunity to fall into the eighteenth level of hell.

Ji Dong, look what's wrong with him, a girl with glasses next to him said.

I preliminarily judged that he should have a sudden myocardial infarction. You can see that he was weak and was beating his chest all the time.

Ji Dong, why are you still standing there in a daze, go and treat him quickly.

Xiaolan, I think so too, but this is just my preliminary conclusion, and no one will believe me, and I don't have any equipment now, so I have no way to start.

Xiao Lan also understood Ji Dong's difficulties, so she didn't say anything else.

Wow, there are so many people here, Li Pingfan sighed, and it is true, since Li Pingfan woke up to now, this is the first time he has seen so many people here, more than the people in Changshou Village. how many times.

Uh, what's going on in front, why are there so many people around. Li Pingfan was also puzzled. This is the first time I have seen such a large formation today, and the front area is completely impenetrable. Li Pingfan didn't go any further and just stood there quietly listening to the chatter of the people in front of him.

After listening for a long time, Li Pingfan finally understood what it meant. It seemed that there was an old man in front of him who fell down suddenly. The girl next to him was asking for help, and he was talking about the Li family. Li Pingfan didn’t know what the Li family was. But it probably means that someone has fallen ill and is calling for help.

Li Pingfan also wanted to know what kind of disease he had, so he pushed forward too.

Brother Feng, this is an opportunity. If you act, you will definitely be able to cure the head of the Li family, and you can also make the Li family owe the Lu family a favor.

That's right, Brother Feng, who doesn't know that you are the grandson of Lu Shengshou, as long as you use one-third of your strength, you can completely cure him, and then the Lu family will definitely be even more powerful, another fat man said .

Li Pingfan just heard all of them, looked at them, and then at the old man lying on the ground.

Sister Weiwei, what's wrong with Grandpa Li, Lu Feng said with a smile.


		