

Chapter 72

against Liu Hao

Hello, my name is Liu Hao.

Li Pingfan

You are really strong, but you are still too young. If you let you develop for another two years, I may not be your opponent, but you are not good now, Liu Hao walked to the ring and said.

Whether it will work or not will only be known after a fight.

OK to satisfy your ignorant request.

After finishing speaking, Liu Hao shot directly and punched down. Li Pingfan dodged sideways, and there was a crack on the ground directly at Li Pingfan's original position.

This blow not only shocked everyone in the arena, even Li Pingfan was also shocked.

Although he can also use such strength, it takes a lot of spiritual energy, so Li Pingfan rarely uses his full strength in fights.

But this time Li Pingfan knew that if he didn't use his full strength this time, he would definitely be greeted by death.

Liu Hao came over with another punch, and Li Pingfan didn't dodge this time, and also used all his strength to meet the punch.

Bang, the two fists collided and made a loud noise, even the residents around the Wu family heard a faint sound.

Some people thought it was an earthquake, and they were ready to drive away, but at this moment, there was no sound.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan and Liu Hao in the arena, after the previous blows, they stopped each other, gathered their strength to attack again, and punched again.

Bang, another loud bang.

Both of them didn't retreat, so they punched again.

Boom.

Boom.

Bang, a dozen punches in a row.

The people around the Wu family were confused for a while, what was going on, suddenly there was a loud noise, and the people around were panicked, so some people organized to find the source of the sound.

Boy, you are very strong. You can be proud of me if you can punch me more than a dozen times in a row. If your strength is only second to mine, then you will not be so lucky in the future.

Liu Hao, it's another punch this time, but this punch is obviously different from the previous one. This punch seems to be a new song against the wind. People who have never practiced martial arts are playing here, only hearing this wind, their ears may be pricked until the eardrums bleed, and from this we can see the power of this punch.

But this time Li Pingfan didn't dodge either, and punched out again.

The members of the Wu family were also puzzled, this punch was so powerful, why didn't they hide?

In fact, this punch is normally to be avoided, but Li Pingfan felt a little strangeness in his body. After the previous few punches, his cultivation seemed to be loosening, and he had obviously broken through to the third level of Qi training. trend.

So Li Pingfan couldn't back down, he couldn't hide, he could only resist, if this battle could help him break through to the third level of Qi training, then why not a chance.

Bang, the two fists collided, this time the sound was louder.

Only this time, Li Pingfan took half a step back.

Boy, you are very strong. With 80% of my strength, you only took half a step back. You are qualified to be my opponent.

With that said, another punch.

Li Pingfan still didn't flinch, and once again punched him.

Boom.

This time Li Pingfan took a step and a half back.

Another punch.

Li Pingfan took another step and a half back.

Boy, you can say goodbye.

Boom, Liu Hao punched it down.

Li Pingfan used his speed to dodge away.

Liu Hao followed closely.

Li Pingfan continued to hide.

Because Li Pingfan knew that if he was hit by this punch, he would definitely vomit blood.

Boy, where did you go before, why do you know how to hide now?

Li Pingfan didn't have time to talk to him, and kept dodging.

Boy, you have no chance, if you are taking a step back, then you will lose.

At this time, Li Pingfan had already been pushed to the edge of the ring by Liu Hao. If he retreated again this time, he would really lose.

Liu Hao punched again.

This time Li Pingfan, with his luck technique, received a punch.

Boom.

This time Li Pingfan didn't retreat, but Liu Hao took half a step back.

Impossible, this is impossible, come again.

Another punch.

Similarly, Liu Hao took another half step back.

It can't be, no, it's not true.

At this time, Li Pingfan felt that he had already touched the barrier of the third level of Qi training and was about to break through, so he had the power just now, but it was also short-lived. Only in this short moment, Li Pingfan could switch positions , readjust yourself.

Ah, boom, Liu Hao, once again exerted his full strength.

Bang, Li Pingfan received a punch.

This time Li Pingfan stepped back eight steps in a row, and Li Pingfan's arm was a little numb.

However, this punch seemed to open up a little breakthrough barrier again.

Boom is another punch.

Li Pingfan retreated again.

Almost, almost, Li Pingfan thought silently.

Go to hell, Liu Hao shouted.

Li Pingfan met the punch again.

Bang, it seemed that there was a sound of glass breaking into everyone's ears.

Li Pingfan's right hand bone was forcibly broken by Liu Hao.

Ordinary friend, come back, I have one life, death is not a pity, don't ruin your name for me, if something happens to you, how will my Wu family repay your kindness, Wu Zhiguo cried out with tears in his eyes .

The rest of the Wu family just wanted to cater to their father and said a few words, but it seemed that they couldn't open their mouths to say what was on their lips.

If Li Pingfan were to admit defeat, his father would die, because they knew that after his father died, none of the people present would be a match for Liu Zhen and the others.

But if Li Pingfan was allowed to lose his name in vain for the sake of his Wu family, they couldn't bear it, and finally Wu Yang said something.

Come back, it's just that these words are so heavy.

Li Pingfan, who was on the ring, heard Wu Zhiguo's words, turned his head and smiled at Wu Zhiguo.

come again.


		