

Chapter 112

Seeing Nalan Jie

Li Pingfan walked towards Young Master Liang slowly. At this moment, Young Master Liang was startled, and stood there stupidly, watching Li Pingfan walking towards him.

Young Master Liang, Young Master Liang, he is here, and the people behind Young Master Liang reminded him.

When Li Pingfan walked in front of him, Young Master Liang said, who are you?

This question stopped Li Pingfan directly. He definitely couldn't say his real name, but he came out in a hurry and didn't think of other names in advance. Li Pingfan had an idea and used his previous name Li Fan. risk of exposure.

Li Fan.

Hearing Li Fan, Nalan Yu on the side frowned.

Seeing Nalan Yu's expression, Li Pingfan knew that Nalan Yu might have guessed his true identity.

But there was no other way, Li Pingfan really couldn't think of other names for a while.

Li Fan, you walked around me this time, I will never dare again, Young Master Liang said.

Li Pingfan shook his head.

Then how can you spare me this time, Young Master Liang said eagerly.

I may not need anything, so I still want to let you remember.

As he said that, Li Pingfan was about to raise his hand and slap Liang Shao on the cheek.

Nalan Yu, Young Master Liang shouted loudly.

Nalan Yu made a timely move to stop Li Pingfan.

Brother Li Fan, forgive him this time, Nalan Yu also specially emphasized the word Li Fan, as if telling Li Fanfan that I already know your real identity.

Not good, as Li Pingfan said, he directly punched Nalan Yu.

Li Pingfan also wanted to try Nalan Yu's strength, because Nalan Yu's conceded defeat in the previous Martial Arts Tournament prevented the two from confronting each other head-on, this time might be a chance.

Nalan Yu directly hit Li Pingfan with a punch, and the two of them each received a punch, and each took a dozen steps back.

Nalan Yu didn't hold anything back when he saw that Li Pingfan was playing for real, so he directly used a fake technique. With the blessing of the fake technique, Nalan Yu punched Li Pingfan again.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan didn't dare to hide it, and kept changing his gestures. At the same time, he used the exercises to mobilize his own aura, and whispered, "Wind Control Technique".

At the same time, Nalan Yu punched Nalan Yu. This time, at the moment when the two punches collided, Nalan Yu retreated a few meters away, and finally stood firmly a few meters away. In this battle, Nalan Yu would at least vomit blood and donate blood, or at least be seriously injured, and Li Pingfan kept his hand because Nalan Jie had helped him in the martial arts conference.

Nalan Yu walked up to Li Pingfan and said, thank you.

Everyone around was shocked by this scene.

They never expected that even Nalan Yu was not the opponent of the young man in front of them.

And Liang Shao who was on the side was even more dumbfounded. He didn't expect that the young master of the Nalan family could not beat the person in front of him. He originally thought that even if he lost, with Nalan Yu around, he could at least protect himself. , but now that Nalan Yu has also been defeated by him, how can this not surprise Young Master Liang.

Young Master Liang, Li Pingfan called out flatly.

And when Li Pingfan called his name, Liang Shao's legs began to tremble unconsciously. He still clearly knew that at noon, Li Pingfan only hit hard, and the two slaps he slapped on his face are still vivid in his memory. Xin, although he was healed, but the tingling feeling fell on his heart all the time.

Liang Shao knelt down on the ground and yelled at Li Pingfan begging for mercy.

Li Pingfan just said something indifferently, just for a moment.

Wait a minute, buddy.

At this moment, two people walked out of the door. One of them, Li Pingfan, was quite familiar with Nalan Jie, while the other, Li Pingfan didn't know.

Little friend, my name is Liang Chen, and I am this incompetent father. He has caused you trouble, and I will apologize to you. If you need anything, just tell me, Liang Chen, that I will never be vague.

After Liang Chen explained his intentions, Li Fanfan seemed very calm. Since the other party asked him to make a request, Li Fanfan would definitely not be polite, but Li Fanfan didn't have anything he needed, so he turned his head and said to Lin Jiaqi.

do you need anything Li Pingfan asked.

Li Pingfan asked Lin Jiaqi suddenly, Lin Jiaqi looked at Li Pingfan blankly.

me?

Li Pingfan nodded.

That me, me, I don't need anything, Lin Jiaqi said hesitantly.

Sorry, we don't have any request, Li Fanfan said to Liang Chen.

Hey, little friend, you don't have to refuse so quickly. It seems that you have just arrived in Liangzhou, so you must not be very familiar with it. Maybe you will use Liang Chen in the future, so you can save it for now. It's not too late to say it when you need him in the future, said Nalan Jie who was silent at the side.

After listening to Nalan Jie's words, Li Pingfan felt that there was some truth. After all, in this unfamiliar place in Liangzhou, many friends are definitely better than many enemies. Those people in front of him are staring at him, maybe it will be useful to the Liang family.

So Li Pingfan said, since Mr. Nalan has spoken, let him be spared this time, but I don't want to see him the same as before, otherwise I will not be polite. Staring at Young Master Liang.

Seeing Li Pingfan staring at him with such eyes, Liang Shao's already stable legs trembled unconsciously again, still shouting, no, no, absolutely not.

Liang Chen also responded, don't worry, I will definitely educate him well.

Let's go, Li Pingfan turned to Lin Jiaqi and said.

Wait a minute, just as the two were about to leave, Nalan Jie stopped Li Pingfan.


		