

Chapter 168

Qi training six layers

Li Pingfan felt that he had broken through the barrier of the sixth level of Qi training, and Li Pingfan released the aura he had compressed before in an instant.

At this moment, Li Pingfan's body was like a surging river, crackling, and his own aura was like a surging river, hitting the barrier of the sixth level of Qi training.

Boom, almost, Li Pingfan said to himself.

Then Li Pingfan compressed his own spiritual energy again, absorbed the external spiritual energy again, and continued to compress.

After a while, Li Pingfan released all the spiritual energy again, and he was hit by the spiritual energy again, and the barrier on the sixth floor loosened again.

Not enough, Li Pingfan murmured.

So Li Pingfan continued to follow the script, compressing, releasing, compressing, releasing, and repeated three times.

During the fourth impact, the barrier of the sixth level of Qi training shattered instantly, but Li Pingfan was not in a hurry to step into the sixth level of Qi training.

Li Pingfan compressed the aura again.

He frantically absorbed the spiritual energy around him, and soon, Li Pingfan was filled with spiritual energy again, and then released the compressed spiritual energy together again, Li Pingfan wanted to break through to the seventh level of Qi training.

Boom, spiritual energy flooded his body instantly, but he still hadn't broken through to the seventh level of Qi training. Now, his strength was fixed at the middle stage of the sixth level of Qi training, which was only one step away from the later stage.

However, Li Pingfan is also satisfied. It can only be said that the aura here is really thin. If Li Pingfan uses this method to attack the realm on Ziwei Star, he can at least break through to the eighth level of Qi training, but because of the limited conditions here, so It can only be so.

The sixth level of Qi training is comparable to the strength of half a step of heaven. If he faces Zhou Wu again, Li Pingfan will not spend too much effort.

After Li Pingfan finished his training, he also slowly opened his eyes.

The surroundings were very unfamiliar, and Li Pingfan fell into memories. He didn't know who saved him, but he only knew that when the Fourth Elder shot to kill Wang Zekun and Liu Shihuan, he blocked the blow of the Fourth Elder alone, and this person Li Pingfan's strength is also very strong, at least at the level of Chen Ye, but whether it is Wuxin Pavilion or the Wang family, Li Pingfan does not know.

Squeak, the door was pushed open, and it was Liu Shihuan who came into view at this moment.

Li Pingfan, you are awake. Liu Shihuan seemed a little excited and said.

Then Liu Shihuan ran out.

After a few minutes, an old woman came, it was Liu Wuxin.

Little friend, you are awake.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Uh, Li Pingfan seems to have smelled this fragrance there before, could it be, Li Pingfan got up and said.

Thank you for your life-saving grace a few days ago.

Li Pingfan, you have been in a coma for fifteen days, Liu Shihuan said.

On the 15th, I have been in a coma for so long, but why do I feel that I only have three days, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

You are welcome, little friend.

However, I am not the only one who saved you.

Oh? Who else.

Patriarch of the Wang Family, Wang Jinhong, I have already sent someone to invite him to come, you can thank him in person.

Alright, little friend, you just woke up and your body is still very weak. The Patriarch of the Wang family will probably come here tomorrow, so you should rest well first.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Then everyone left the room, leaving Li Pingfan alone.

The next day, Wang Jinhong came.

Seeing that Wang Jinhong is as young as himself, Li Pingfan thought to himself, does he have some secret method for his youthful appearance.

Little friend, I know what you are thinking. I only reverted to my youth because of my special skills. I am already over one hundred and fifty years old. Hahahaha, Wang Jinhong laughed when he said that.

So it turned out that Li Pingfan thought that this person was the same as himself, immortal. It seemed that he was thinking too much, and he must be the only one in this world.

Thank you, Senior Wang for saving his life, Li Pingfan cupped his fists to express his thanks.

Hahaha, you are welcome.

Then Li Pingfan followed Liu Wuxin and Wang Jinhong to a secluded mountain.

Ordinary friend, how is your recovery? Wang Jinhong said.

Thank you, Senior Wang, for your concern, it has recovered.

Well, that's good, that's good, but you must be careful, Qixiamen will not let you go easily.

Thank you, Senior Wang, for reminding me.

By the way, ordinary little friend, I heard from Ze Kun that in the battle with Zhou Wu, you used a technique that can change the color of the world, can you give me some pointers.

Li Pingfan knew their purpose, so he said, this technique is called the Lightning Five Strike Technique, which also mobilizes the power of heaven and earth, summons the power of wind and thunder, and induces lightning to attack, but I can't use this kind of technique at the moment, Li Pingfan shook his head and said.

How to say this, Liu Wuxin asked with some doubts.

That was when I was on the verge of death, so I can't use it again now.

But I have a technique to share with the two of you.

Oh? What kind of technique, you can tell.

When Li Pingfan raised his hand, there was a fireball.

Fireball, the two spoke in unison.

Yes, Li Pingfan nodded.

Although they knew that this kind of fireball technique was also extraordinary, it was still much inferior to the Lightning Five Strikes technique.

This kind of technique has no meaning to us.

Yes, this kind of technique is really not of much use to you, but your children can practice this kind of technique, and I believe that their strength will definitely be improved to a higher level.

As for Pavilion Master Liu, I have a technique called the Wind Control Technique, which is slightly similar to the Wind Control Technique of your sect. Li Pingfan used the Wind Control Technique after speaking.

And Liu Wuxin could clearly feel that Li Pingfan's speed and strength had been greatly improved.

Liu Wuxin was also very excited in his heart, but his face was still very calm, then Liu Wuxin nodded and said.

I don't know what the conditions are for practicing these kinds of techniques, so let me tell you, little friend.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, I send it to you without any conditions, Li Pingfan said.

Liu Wuxin thought to himself, you are still a good boy, otherwise my old lady would have saved you for nothing.

Well, then Liu, thank you in advance.

Then Li Pingfan taught Liu Wuxin the art of controlling the wind.

Senior Wang, how do you think about it.

Little friend, I am fireball.

Well, Li Pingfan taught Wang Jinhong the fireball technique.

I don't know my little friend's gasification...

Li Pingfan had already expected that they would ask them to use gas to transform reality, Li Pingfan did not hesitate, and explained to them again what he had explained to Chen Ye.


		