

Chapter Eighty-Nine

Martial Arts Tournament Rules

Li Pingfan recalled that he had been in Binhai for two months, and today was the first time he went to a new city.

When the two were on the car to Huacheng, Feng Zhenghao began to tell Li Pingfan about the rules of the martial arts competition.

Because there are too many people participating in the Martial Arts Conference every year, and the contestants must be under the age of 30, and the competition time is extremely short. It is divided into five days in total, which are divided into melee, elimination, promotion and competition. In the final, the top ten will be determined after the final, and then they will be challenged by all participating warriors.

And as far as I know, the number of participants every year will not be less than 4,000, so the first day is a melee. The so-called melee means that there are no 30 people in a ring. The next ten people will go to the melee on the second day. For the same reason, the last ten people will go to the knockout round on the third morning. After the competition, the top 20 players will be selected, followed by the promotion and finals on the fourth day.

In the promotion competition and finals, there will be one-on-one competitions, and the top 10 will be selected, so that the top ten rankings will come out, and then these ten people will compete for the rankings from one to ten, and there will also be one-on-one competitions. competition.

After the ranking was determined on the fourth day, it was the most difficult challenge on the fifth day.

Challenge? Li Pingfan said something puzzled.

Feng Zhenghao said, the so-called challenge is that on the fifth day, the ten winners will accept the challenge of all participating warriors, and they will take out item rewards corresponding to your ranking as bets

That is to say, if your reward is Yunlingcao, then what he takes out can be slightly worse than Yunlingcao, but not much worse.

After that, there will be a competition between you. If he wins, then your ranking position will be handed over to him. Of course, if he loses, then all the bets he made will be yours. So, the challenge is the hardest.

After Feng Zhenghao finished speaking, Li Pingfan also roughly understood the rules of the martial arts conference, but what made him a little puzzled was that he didn't need to participate in the first few rounds, just wait until the fifth day and challenge the top ten. ? So Li Pingfan asked Feng Zhenghao about his doubts.

After hearing this, Feng Zhenghao said with a faint smile, there were indeed many such people in the first Martial Arts Conference, but the rules were slightly changed later, you can skip the first few days and directly challenge the top ten, but after you win the challenge , your corresponding ranking reward will be halved, this is the changed rule.

Then why do they still take out equal items to challenge? The rewards have been halved, even if you win, the rewards are not much, isn't it superfluous.

Ordinary little brother, you don’t know something. Although the rewards are halved, the resources are still there. You have to know that the rewards for victory belong to you personally, but the resources are in the city you fought in. And each of our regions needs to develop National support and resources are indispensable, so resources are very important to every urban area.

How are these resources allocated? If the Wu family got the name and the Wumeng did not, how would this be divided? Li Pingfan was also a little puzzled about this.

Of course, this resource will also be distributed to Binhai, but the samurai can make more profits, and there are good resources for them to choose first.

In this way, the power of this martial arts conference is quite large.

Yes, the Martial Arts Conference is a competition supported by the state, so that more people from the country can be called on to practice martial arts. There are too few people practicing martial arts in our country. Although the technology is already at the top, the number of martial artists is not comparable to that of country M. way to compare.

Is the competition going to start today? Li Pingfan asked.

Of course not, we went today just to register first, and the competition will start tomorrow.

And each family or sect and Wumeng can send two people to participate in the competition. Of course, the organizer will not allow two people to be in the same arena. My Binhai Wumeng contestants are you and Qingtian.

Speaking of Qingtian, Li Pingfan thought of the defeated general at the Phoenix Bar.

After Li Pingfan asked a few irrelevant questions again, they also arrived at Huacheng.

After arriving in Huacheng, Li Pingfan clearly felt that the aura of heaven and earth in Huacheng was indeed stronger than that of Binhai, and the rest was not much different from Binhai.

Afterwards, he came to the registration place of the Martial Arts Conference. After the registration, Feng Zhenghao took Li Pingfan to a hotel, arranged for Li Pingfan's residence, and then took Li Pingfan to wander in the Flower City.

In the streets and alleys of Huacheng, you can also see people opening martial arts gyms, and even open small martial arts competitions. After winning, there are some rewards, but Li Pingfan really doesn't need any of these rewards, otherwise he will definitely take them. .

Feng Zhenghao knew that Li Pingfan was studying medicine, so he took Li Pingfan to the Herb Street in Huacheng.

Li Pingfan really became interested when he saw the medicinal herbs. Li Pingfan and the two walked around here. There is no difference between the herbs, otherwise Li Pingfan would have taken all these herbs back and planted them.

After this day, Li Pingfan probably also knew the situation of Huacheng.

After that, Feng Zhenghao sent Li Pingfan back to his place of residence and left. Li Pingfan also entered the cultivation state after returning to his room.


		