

Chapter 163

war

Li Pingfan has already entered the state of cultivation, but he has no idea that someone from the outside world is spying on him.

Li Pingfan used his exercises to convert the absorbed heaven and earth aura into a more pure aura and absorbed it into his body.

Fortunately, the aura here is several times stronger than that in the secular world. After a night of practice, Li Pingfan's strength has also recovered.

Li Pingfan opened his eyes, stretched his muscles and bones, and felt very comfortable.

Chen Ye, who was nearby, had also left.

Master, did you find anything?

Chen Ye waved his hand and said, I observed all night and didn't feel any problems.

Hey, well, it seems that unless his spiritual power is exhausted, he will not reveal his secret, said the fourth elder.

That being the case, inform them and challenge Li Pingfan, Chen Ye said.

So good, everyone returned.

And Li Pingfan has also come to the ring.

Zhang Heng was waiting for Li Pingfan on the ring early.

I thought it would be another two hours.

Seeing that you have helped me before, I will be gentler, Li Pingfan said flatly.

Haha, brother Li, don't underestimate me.

I never underestimate any opponent.

It better be so.

After speaking, the two of them went to the ring respectively.

Without hesitation, Zhang Heng shot directly. Zhang Heng grabbed it with his big hand, and a five-foot sword appeared in front of him.

Li Pingfan was shocked to control the sword with his spirit. He didn't expect that there are people in this realm who can control the sword.

It's a pity that I don't have a good flying sword, otherwise, Li Pingfan didn't continue to think about it, because Zhang Heng was already attacking him with the sword.

Li Pingfan stretched out his palm, trying to take the flying sword by force.

Zizizizizizi, the moment Feijian and Li Pingfan's palms came into contact, there was a screeching sound, which was very ear-piercing.

Li Pingfan shook his head, but it really didn't work.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique to increase his speed to the extreme, and instantly dodged the stabbing flying sword.

Zhang Heng controlled the flying sword and kept chasing Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan came up behind Zhang Heng in a flash, and punched him out.

Hmph, Li Pingfan, your move is not for me, Zhang Heng sneered.

At the same time, Zhang Heng dodged to avoid Li Pingfan's blow, and then the flying sword returned to his hand, and stabbed out with a sword.

Li Pingfan grabbed it with his big hand, and an air wall transformed from spiritual energy appeared in front of him to resist Zhang Heng's attack. In just a few breaths, Li Pingfan's defense was broken.

Zhang Heng changed his gesture again, and the flying sword split into two and attacked Li Pingfan at the same time.

Li Pingfan turned around and threw two fireballs.

Hmph, Zhang Heng snorted coldly.

At this moment, an astonishing scene happened. Zhang Heng's flying sword absorbed the fireball, and the fire was still burning on the flying sword, attacking Li Pingfan.

Damn, what kind of material is this flying sword? It can also absorb my fireballs. If it doesn't work, I will definitely snatch him away in the future. Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Seeing that Zhang Heng's flying sword had already attacked Li Pingfan.

Damn, now is not the time to think about these things, Li Pingfan muttered in a low voice.

Li Pingfan turned around and slapped out with his palm. The flying sword was only a meter away from him, and was imprisoned by Li Pingfan's aura for a few breaths.

Li Pingfan pointed out a few fingers casually, and several ice thorns appeared in front of him and attacked Zhang Heng.

Zhang Heng blasted out with one punch.

Humph, now, Li Pingfan sneered.

Appearing behind Zhang Heng in an instant, he punched out.

Third senior brother be careful.

At this moment, the people watching the battle all looked at each other.

But what surprised them all was that Li Pingfan's punch was empty, and it hit Zhang Heng's phantom.

What happened, what happened just now, who of you saw it, and the people around were talking about it.

That, that I seem to have seen just now, Li Pingfan hit the phantom of the third senior brother.

What, phantom, this is impossible, how could the third senior brother react at this speed, unless he broke through to the heaven level, otherwise it is impossible to react in such a short period of time.

Could it be that the third senior brother has already broken through to the heaven level, someone whispered at this moment.

Impossible, the sky rank, I don't need to say how difficult it is to break through the sky rank. At present, no one can break through to the sky rank before the age of thirty-five. This is simply impossible.

Boy, where are you, if the third senior brother really breaks through to the heavenly level, wouldn't it be good? In this way, the strength of our Qixia Sect will be raised to a higher level.

Only then did the person realize that he had said the wrong thing, and quickly lowered his head, not daring to speak.

At this time, Li Pingfan looked at Zhang Heng in disbelief on the ring, but after getting acquainted with him, Li Pingfan thought of the reason.

Zhang Heng definitely didn't break through to the heavenly rank. If he broke through to the heavenly rank, it would be impossible for him not to be aware of it, and the strength displayed by Zhang Heng is only the strength of the late earth rank.

As for why he could dodge this punch, Li Pingfan thought of the reason.

That is, the moment Li Pingfan made a shot, Zhang Heng anticipated Li Pingfan's next move. He used his instant explosive power to smash Li Pingfan's ice spike attack, and then predicted Li Pingfan's attack in advance to avoid it. , Li Pingfan's fatal blow was really smart.

Li Pingfan clapped his hands and said, you are very smart.

Thank you Brother Li for your compliment. Zhang Heng said.

Hey, forget it, I don’t want to fight anymore, I don’t want to fight anymore, I don’t want to fight anymore, Li Pingfan waved his hand and said.

At this moment, all the elders in the audience showed anxious expressions and looked at each other.

These tiny movements were all in Li Pingfan's eyes.

Sure enough, some of you old guys are playing tricks, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Brother Li, the outcome of this battle has not yet been decided.

Hey, it's just the outcome, is it that important? Li Pingfan said.

important.

Speaking of which, Zhang Heng was about to make another move.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, I beat you all day yesterday, and you still want me to beat you today, you Qixiamen are really bullying, Li Pingfan covered his face and said in a crying voice.

That's right, that's right, Liu Shihuan and Wang Zekun couldn't stand it anymore and said together.

Who are you, are you not from our Qixiamen?

The Wang Family Wang Zekun.

Wuxin Pavilion Liu Shihuan. The two reported their own homes.

After hearing the Wang family and Wuxin Pavilion, everyone couldn't say anything more.

On the stage, Li Pingfan nodded aggrievedly and said.

Yes, yes, it's too bullying.

Brother Wang, Junior Sister Liu, you don't need to say too much, I only want to win or lose, so I will stop here.

Seeing this, the two of them couldn't say anything more.

And Li Pingfan said, Brother Zhang, you won, you won, if any of you want to challenge, you can find him, Li Pingfan pointed to Zhang Heng.

Brother Li, you... Zhang Heng is a little angry.

Little friend, since you don't want to fight Zhang Heng, how about fighting him.

At this moment, the fourth elder came over, pointed to the person beside him and said.

This is, second senior brother, when did he come out, isn't he in retreat?

Hey, I definitely want to fight Li Pingfan. Does it need to be said?

Li Pingfan looked at the second senior brother in front of him, and he felt that he was very strong, and his strength was higher than that of Zhang Heng. If he faced him, he would have to fight hard. This was Li Pingfan's first feeling.

I think, I should not have the right to refuse, Li Pingfan said flatly.

Yes, you are smart.

Hmph, sure enough, let's fight.


		