

Chapter 129

dark eyes

Brother Pingfan, did you hear someone calling for help?

Well, sure someone is shouting.

Could it be that grandpa is in danger and is asking for help? Rosie said.

Li Pingfan pulled Luo Xue towards the direction of the sound.

After the two came here, there was no one there, and at this moment there was another sound.

Who will help me.

Li Pingfan took Luo Xue and continued to rush.

After the two went to the place again, they found that it was still empty.

After doing this two or three times in succession, the sky became darker and darker.

Li Pingfan and Luo Xue were always behind the place where the sound was made, but they didn't see anyone.

Help, someone help me, this time the voice is closer.

Luo Xue took Li Pingfan to the place where the sound was made, but this time Li Pingfan took Luo Xue.

Wait a moment.

Brother Pingfan, what's wrong?

Something's wrong, why do I always feel like we're running around this mountain all the time?

There is only one possibility, that someone may deliberately lead us there.

Hurry up, Li Pingfan pulls Luo Xue up and walks back.

After Li Pingfan and Luo Xue walked back for more than ten minutes, Li Pingfan felt something was wrong again because Li Pingfan felt that they seemed to have remained in place.

Li Pingfan unfolded his spiritual consciousness, because Li Pingfan reached the fourth level of Qi training, so Li Pingfan's spiritual consciousness can already be extended to a distance of 200 meters.

But the 200-meter spiritual exploration is still too small, and Li Pingfan didn't find any clues.

At this moment, Grandpa Luo has returned home. Grandpa Luo saw that there were no figures of Li Pingfan and Luo Xue in the room. He thought they were going to play somewhere, so he didn't care.

Because Li Pingfan and Luo Xue only went up the mountain to find Grandpa Luo, they did not bring the two white crystal tigers with them.

But when the two white crystal tigers saw Grandpa Luo coming back, they didn't see Li Pingfan and the others. The two white crystal tigers ran in front of Grandpa Luo, biting his trousers and pulling them out.

Grandpa Luo didn't understand what it meant at first, and then followed Bai Jinghu to the road up the mountain.

At this time, Grandpa Luo seemed to sense that something was wrong. At this moment, a person walked past Grandpa Luo.

Hey, Lao Luo, are you back? Your granddaughter is very filial. Seeing that you didn't come home, she immediately went up the mountain to find you. Unlike my two sons who only eat, drink, and sloppy, they don't worry about anything else.

Hearing this, Grandpa Luo shouted, no, they are still on the mountain and have not come back.

What? Then they are probably going to be in trouble.

Old Zhang, don't talk nonsense.

Luo, what are you doing? Where are you going?

I want to go up the mountain.

Luo, are you crazy? Going up the mountain now is probably a narrow escape.

My granddaughter is still on the mountain and I want to go up the mountain, so don't pull me.

Seeing Lao Zhang pulling Grandpa Luo, the two white crystal tigers looked at Lao Zhang viciously, and Lao Zhang was so frightened that he quickly let go of Grandpa Luo.

Afterwards, Grandpa Luo came up the mountain with two white crystal tigers.

After coming to the mountain, Grandpa Luo shouted loudly, Xiaoxue, ordinary little friend.

And the two white crystal tigers were howling.

At this moment, Li Pingfan stayed where he was, and kept exploring every move around him.

At this moment, Li Pingfan seemed to hear someone calling him again. This was the voice of Bai Jinghu and Grandpa Luo, and Li Pingfan withdrew his consciousness.

Xiaoxue, I heard Grandpa Luo's voice, it seems that Grandpa Luo and the others have come to look for us.

After speaking, Li Pingfan took Luo Xue to the direction where Grandpa Luo was yelling.

Because he had a goal, Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness and soon found Grandpa Luo.

After the two saw Grandpa Luo and Bai Jinghu, Luo Xue ran to Grandpa Luo's side and hugged Grandpa Luo, while the two white crystal tigers fell directly on Li Pingfan's shoulders.

Li Pingfan touched the heads of the two little guys and said, this time is thanks to you.

The two little guys seemed to understand Li Pingfan's meaning, and their little heads rubbed against Li Pingfan's face.

After that, the group went down the mountain.

And just after Li Pingfan went down the mountain, behind Li Pingfan appeared a pair of eyes staring at Li Pingfan.

At this moment, the two white crystal tigers also felt something staring at them, so the two little guys glanced at Li Pingfan, but Li Pingfan shook his head at them, and then continued to walk down the mountain.

After returning home, Luo Xue also returned to her room to rest.

And Li Pingfan ran to Grandpa Luo's room.

Grandpa Luo, is there anything on this mountain, Li Pingfan asked.

Um, how did you know, could it be just now.

Li Pingfan nodded.

you found him?

No, I didn't spot him, I just felt it.

Hey, that's fine, as long as you don't get noticed by him, you won't be in danger.

Oh? how do I say this? Li Pingfan had some doubts.

Hey, there is something on this mountain. No one has seen what it is. It is said that everyone who has seen him is dead, and no one is alive.

Li Pingfan fell into deep thought, no one has seen it, could it be something like a soul body? Li Pingfan has never seen it before, so these are just speculations.

Then no one can describe his appearance?

this? There is.

More than ten years ago, a Taoist priest said that he would get rid of this thing for us. At that time, everyone was expecting him to get rid of this thing, but after two days, the Taoist priest ran away from the mountain covered in bruises. Down, after running down the hill, he died.

Dead, Li Pingfan muttered to himself.


		