

Chapter Fifty-Nine

Wumeng Qingtian

The two faced each other tit for tat, with no intention of avoiding it at all.

You came here today to rescue them? Zhang Shaohuang said flatly.

if not? Do you still want me to beat you up before leaving? If you have such a request, I can satisfy you, Li Pingfan said equally flatly.

Haha, beat me up, that's fine, but I hope you can do what you say, otherwise you won't be able to get out of this door today, Zhang Shaohuang said sarcastically.

OK, then you can try it.

Yes, your request is met, Hei Feng, go play with him.

After Zhang Shaohuang finished speaking, the man named Hei Feng came to Li Pingfan and said, boy, don't even think about leaving here alive today.

Li Pingfan just smiled lightly and ignored him.

Arrogant, as he said, Hei Feng directly punched him down.

Li Pingfan stood still and did not dodge.

At the moment when Hei Feng's fist was about to drop, Li Pingfan directly caught the fist that was about to drop with his palm.

Seeing that the blow would fail, Hei Feng wanted to draw his fist and strike again, but at this moment he found that his fist seemed to be pressed by a boulder several hundred kilograms, and he couldn't draw out his fist.

You let me go, Hei Feng started to shout angrily seeing that he couldn't draw out his fist.

Hey, you said it earlier.

Li Pingfan loosened his hand, and directly slapped Hei Feng's chest with his palm, and Hei Feng took several steps back.

Li Pingfan hooked his hands again and said, continue.

Hei Feng didn't talk nonsense, it was another punch, but this punch was much stronger than the previous punch, and this punch was punched with a little bit of wind noise.

If you have the ability, don't hide, just try to eat your grandpa Hei's punch.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, I am really sad for your ignorance. Li Pingfan stood on the spot, did not move, and easily received the punch with one palm. Just after receiving the punch, Hei Feng took advantage of the situation and kicked Kick to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan also kicked at the same time, but Li Pingfan's kick looked weak. Li Pingfan knew that although his kick looked soft and weak, it was just mixed with aura.

Both feet collided at the same time.

Stains, stains, stains.

A crackling sound was heard.

After a while, Hei Feng lay on the ground hugging his right leg and howling.

Young Master Zhang, he is already on the ground, why do you want to try it? Li Pingfan said.

Zhang Shaohuang saw that there was no trace of pity or emotion on Hei Feng's face lying on the ground, and he just said indifferently.

As for me, forget it, I am not a warrior, let Uncle Liu play with you.

Uncle Liu, go and play with him.

Yes, Young Master Zhang.

At this time, not far behind Zhang Shaohuang, a middle-aged man with a sword in his hand slowly walked towards Li Pingfan.

Hmph, boy, you were unlucky to meet me.

Don't talk so much nonsense, hurry up and hit you, so you can change to another one.

Arrogant, boy, if you kneel down and apologize to Young Master Zhang now, you won't be so embarrassed to die in a while.

Hey, you are dying and you still have so much nonsense.

Uncle Liu was not angry either. After all, he had already experienced a lot, and he would never be shaken by a few words.

Since you don't listen to the advice so much, then you will die. After speaking, Uncle Liu took the lead and stabbed Li Pingfan with his sword.

But this time Li Pingfan didn't hold back, and began to dodge Uncle Liu's attack.

After a few attacks and defenses, Li Pingfan simply understood the combat power of the middle-aged man in front of him, and Li Pingfan's calculation should be around the early stage of Xuanjie.

After Li Pingfan figured out the opponent's strength, he didn't procrastinate and just punched Uncle Liu.

After receiving the punch, Uncle Liu stepped back a few meters.

At this time, Zhang Shaohuang was a little flustered. What he didn't expect was that this man named Li Pingfan was so powerful that Uncle Liu was no match for him.

Zhang Shaohuang knew the strength of Uncle Liu, because Uncle Liu had always been by his side to protect him when he was very young. Until now, Uncle Liu had never been defeated, but what he didn't expect today was that, Uncle Liu actually worshiped a little boy who came out of nowhere, how could Zhang Shaohuang not be surprised.

Uncle Liu, step back first.

Young Master Zhang, I can take him down.

back down.

Uncle Liu couldn't resist, so he could only back down.

Li Pingfan, you are indeed very strong. I admit that I was mistaken before, but you still can't take them away, Zhang Shaohuang said.

Young Master Zhang, you are also very ignorant, stop talking nonsense, let your last one come out, they happened to be beaten together.

Arrogant, you are too arrogant. At this moment, a secret door in the house opened suddenly, and a person walked out from inside.

Needless to say, Young Master Zhang, let me meet him.

Then there is Brother Lao Qingtian.

Fuck, this is Lei Qingtian from the Martial League. It is said that he has the strength of the peak in the middle stage of the Xuan rank, and he has also come into contact with that kind of thing. At this time, Zhao Kuo and Zhao Ming said in unison.

Looking at Su Haokai, his expression was a bit embarrassed, but he was worried about Li Pingfan.

Because he also knew this Qingtian, he was one of the top ten people in the Martial League besides Feng Zhenghao, and his martial arts talent was notoriously enchanting.

It is said that he has only been practicing martial arts for five years, and he has already reached that level, so this person's talent can be ranked in the top five.

Brother Fan, be careful, he is the Qingtian of the Wumeng, and he can be ranked among the top ten in the Wumeng.

Li Pingfan nodded to Su Haokai.

Boy, you heard what he said, I will give you a chance, kowtow three times, and I will let you die quickly.

On the contrary, Li Pingfan seemed even more insipid. Although he could indeed feel the pressure from this Qingtian, he hadn't reached the point of fear at all.

It's just that what Li Pingfan didn't expect was that the world is not as simple as it seems on the surface, and now Li Pingfan knows how important it is to improve his strength.

Are you thinking of farting? Li Pingfan simply returned.

Very good, let's die, Qingtian will directly attack.

Sure enough, compared to the first two, this Qingtian is several times stronger, his attacking movements and speed are not comparable to the first two.

It's just that in front of Li Pingfan, he is just a mantis with his arms in front of him.

Li Pingfan used his skills, mobilized the aura of heaven and earth, wrapped his whole body, and directly received a punch from the front.

Seeing that one punch didn't work, Qingtian punched again.

Li Pingfan took it again, and just like that, the two fought for more than a dozen rounds.

Qingtian attacks, Li Pingfan defends.

Boy, are you hiding and defending like a mouse?

Haha, okay, I won't keep this time.

Li Pingfan used the luck technique again, and his handprints kept changing. This time Li Pingfan just punched, and this punch Li Pingfan used 70% of his strength.

The two fists collided again, but this time they didn't hear the sound of bone cracking, only saw Qingfeng retreat dozens of steps, and didn't stop until it hit the wall.

When Qingtian got up, he saw traces of blood dripping from the corner of his mouth.


		