

Chapter Eighty-Four

auctions

It's another day.

Li Pingfan went out very early.

Feng Zhenghao was also waiting for Li Pingfan at the door.

After Li Pingfan got into the car, Feng Zhenghao showed Li Pingfan a list of auction items.

There is everything on this auction list, even the carcasses of some animals were put up for auction, and even Li Fanfan saw a person put it up for auction, but Li Fanfan was not interested in these things, and he was indeed in a place where the words "Yun Ling" were written. Grass on the list to stay.

Yun Lingcao, that is a sixth-grade spirit grass, he can conceive the spirit energy of heaven and earth, and this kind of herb is also one of the very rare spirit herbs on Ziwei Star. The reason why he is rare is because of his own ability, he can One's own spirit is bred, and this ability can only grow naturally in the world, and cannot be cultivated artificially, so Yunling Grass is very rare.

It's just that Li Pingfan doesn't know whether this kind of Yunling grass is the same as the one he said, and he doesn't know himself. He has to go to the scene to see it for himself.

The two soon came to the auction. It was only when Li Pingfan came here that he realized why it was called an underground auction, because this auction was indeed underground. After entering the auction, no communication equipment had any signal. After the two walked in, the staff handed it to Feng Zheng. Hao a sign with number 6 written on it, and then the two were taken into the private room.

And it was very quiet in this underground auction, as if everyone was waiting for the auction to start.

After a while, on the center stage of the auction, a gorgeously dressed woman walked onto the stage and explained the rules of the auction, which probably meant that everyone must abide by the rules of the auction, so don't speak loudly. Speak, don't disturb the order of the auction, if you offend, you will be cleared from the auction, and you can't step into the Binhai underground auction from now on, but these rules must be known to those who come to participate every year.

After explaining some rules and precautions of the auction house, the first auction item was launched, which was a piece of stone that had been cut.

Below is our first lot, a cut piece of imperial jade. I don’t need to say more about the price of imperial jade. The starting price is 500w, and each increase is no less than 10w.

The woman on the stage introduced the items and told the price, but Li Ping did not have the slightest interest in these items. In the end, this piece of imperial jade was taken away by No. 582 at a price of 6 million.

After that, the woman on the stage took out a jade purple sand pot, and after explaining about Yifan, it was taken away by No. 374 at a price of 300w.

After that, the third lot was brought out, but this lot was a painting. After Li Pingfan saw this painting, he seemed to have a feeling of deja vu. After hearing the explanation on the stage, Li Pingfan knew that This painting has a history of thousands of years, and the lecturer on the stage is not clear about that generation, but the final price is indeed a starting price of one billion, and each increase is no less than ten million.

It was obvious that the last lot was unsold, because no one would empty their fortunes for a painting with no history.

After another ten lots were auctioned, when the fourteenth lot came out, Li Pingfan was shocked. It turned out to be a very beautiful woman, wearing black clothes, and even her hair was thicker than ordinary people. It was much darker, but judging from her face, it seemed a little tender.

After listening to the lecturer on the stage, they realized that everyone knew that this woman was also an auctioneer.

In other words, he auctioned himself off, which Li Pingfan was also very puzzled about.

And Feng Zhenghao next to him was also very surprised. Although there were auctioneers before, it was the first time he saw it as the auctioneer himself.

Just after Li Pingfan observed again, Li Pingfan was shocked, it is impossible, how could this star field have such a physique.

Li Pingfan could see the girl's physical problems.

And her physique is the Eternal Physique, which is very rare even on Ziwei Planet, and can be said to be a once-in-a-thousand-year physique.

And her physique will also be very fast in cultivation, but at the same time it will bring endless disasters to those around her.

Hey, then Li Pingfan sighed, it's a pity, although she is a genius of cultivation, she did grow up in this star field where the aura of heaven and earth is lacking, and she wants to auction herself off for fun, maybe to find a good home for herself, Li Pingfan secretly said Said.

After the explanation on the stage was finished, the auction staff gave a low price of 10w each time and no less than 5,000.

11w。

shouted a man holding a sign number 745.

15w

A man holding the number 902 yelled.

At this moment, Feng Zhenghao moved, he held up the sign and shouted, 30w

50w。

Just as Feng Zhenghao yelled, the person holding the number 66 also yelled.

Not to be outdone, Feng Zhenghao also increased the price at the same time.

200w。

At this time, the field was silent, and even the host was a little silly, and was shocked that he didn't have the number of shouts in time.

After a few more minutes, the host on the field reacted and shouted, 200w once, 200w twice, 200w three times, congratulations to the private room No. 6. After saying congratulations, the next auction will be carried out.

After another dozen rounds, Li Pingfan still didn't have the lot he wanted.

Brother Pingfan, don't you like any of the many auction items? Feng Zhenghao asked cautiously.

Because he was afraid that if Li Pingfan didn't like something, the things they negotiated before might be in vain.

Not yet, but I think it will be soon.

And what Li Pingfan was referring to should be soon, that is, waiting for Yunlingcao.

A few more rounds passed.

During the thirtieth round of auctions, the host called out, please invite the next round of auctions, Yunling Grass.


		