

Chapter 82

go to

Who is Li Pingfan here, Li Mo asked.

No one, have you finished packing?

Well, Yinger has already finished packing, by the way, I have to visit home tomorrow, you take good care of Yinger at home.

Oh, Li Pingfan answered helplessly.

On the first night when Hu Yinger just moved in, everyone got along very harmoniously, but it was Li Pingfan who was suffering. She didn't need to cook, but they all had to eat the food made by Li Pingfan, so there was no way. , Li Pingfan can only take on the heavy responsibility of cooking.

The night passed quickly, and the next day, Li Mo left home early in the morning.

After Li Pingfan came out of his cultivation state, he found that there was no one in his house.

Li Pingfan took out the invitation letter and looked at it. It is still early to leave for the appointment, so Li Pingfan went to the Chinese Medicine Street again, but when he came to the meeting this time, Li Pingfan brought two plants with a lot of aura. Grass.

Li Pingfan was very happy to plant them, and now the aura of heaven and earth here is more intense.

After Li Fanfan finished this series of things, it was almost time for the appointment. Li Fanfan looked at the time and came to the appointed place very quickly.

When Li Pingfan came to the gate of the Wumeng, there was nothing bare in front of the gate, but the place was very large, with a total of five floors, and it was not clear whether there was Li Pingfan underneath.

Afterwards, Li Pingfan saw that there were many aristocratic families in Binhai, and they all handed over invitation letters one after another. Similarly, Li Pingfan also handed over his own invitation letter, but the difference from them was that Li Pingfan had someone specially assigned to bring him in. Li Pingfan followed and came to the top floor.

Li Pingfan also saw a few old acquaintances here, and they also saw Li Pingfan. When they came to say hello, Li Pingfan shook his head and refused, and they instantly understood what Li Pingfan meant.

Just as Li Pingfan was thinking about it, Feng Zhenghao appeared out of nowhere.

I thought I was going to invite you again?

I am very trustworthy.

After finishing speaking, Feng Zhenghao said to everyone, please sit down.

Feng Zhenghao arranged a seat for Li Pingfan.

Today is the discussion meeting of our six major families in Binhai. Everyone must know what will happen three days later. It just so happens that the juniors of each family are also there. You can arrange your own people and go together when the time comes.

Deacon Feng is a discussion meeting of our six great families today, what is the matter with him sitting here, Lu Sheng pointed at Li Pingfan.

Brother Pingfan is my guest, he is qualified to sit in on it, why is there any problem with the Lu family?

Lu Shengshou didn't dare to say any more.

Deacon Feng, he is the kid who hurt my grandson? Zhang Fengnian asked.

Master Zhang, this matter has passed, I hope the Zhang family will not bother this little brother.

Hahaha, Deacon Feng, what would you do if your grandson was beaten like that.

Master Zhang, I understand your feelings very well, but today we are going to discuss things that will happen three days later.

Haha, what are you discussing? Don’t you just want my Zhang family to pay for it? It’s okay to pay, but my grandson’s matter must be resolved, otherwise I won’t be participating in this discussion.

Master Zhang, it's best not to act arrogantly. I know Zhang Shaohuang's situation. I have sent him to the best doctor. I believe he will recover soon.

Recovery, his body can be recovered, but what about his mind? Can it be recovered?

Hahahaha, Li Pingfan laughed, if I guessed correctly, does he still have a soul? Li Pingfan said contemptuously.

Deacon Feng, forgive me for not being able to participate in this discussion, Zhang Fengnian got up and left after speaking.

Brother Zhang, wait for me, Lu Shengshou said at the same time.

Zhang Fengnian, are you sure you want to leave? Don't you need the resources for the second half of the year?

Lu Shengshou, is your family going to give up the competition in three days?

Deacon Feng, whether my family can participate is our own business. It's not that my Lu family has no resources, so don't threaten me with these.

Yes, you can participate, but you can only represent yourself, you cannot represent Binhai.

Ours is for the development of Binhai, not your own selfish desires.

Master Zhang, I hope you can also understand what it will mean to me, Binhai, if I get the first place this time.

The two Patriarchs thought for a while before sitting down again.

Now that everyone is sitting down again, let him get over the previous misunderstandings.

Next, we discussed the arrangements for three days later, and Feng Zhenghao made arrangements for everyone.

Today, the six great families came, except for the Su family who did not come, all of them had their own missions.

Alright, I've finished talking, do you have any questions about all the aristocratic families?

No more, several big families shook their heads one after another.

OK, let's break up the meeting.

People from several great families left the venue one after another, but before Zhang Fengnian left the venue, they still glared at Li Pingfan viciously.

Deacon Feng, I don't think you asked me to come today just to listen to these things, Li Pingfan asked after waiting for everyone to leave.

The ordinary little brother is really smart, of course it's not that simple.

Tell me something.

Follow me into the inner room, and we'll talk.

Li Pingfan followed Feng Zhenghao's footsteps to the inner room.

Ordinary little brother, if you have any questions, you can ask me at any time, and I will know everything and talk endlessly.

Li Pingfan nodded and asked, what is the relationship between the Wumeng and the big families in Binhai? Why do they still obey the arrangement of Wumeng.

Their big families have nothing to do with the Wumeng, but the Wumeng belongs to the city's regulators and is also a balancer, and at the same time balances their interests.

Presumably you also know that in hundreds of cities across the country, if there is no such organization, then a state will be formed where the big eat the small, and then one family will dominate. Therefore, the founder of the Wumeng, Ouyang Shi, proposed to establish the Wumeng. It is used to balance the relationship between various families so that there will be no situation where big fish eat small fish.

The origin of the Martial League is that Ouyang Shi, the founder of the Martial League, is also a martial arts practitioner. In addition, we have too few martial artists. People of the younger generation learn martial arts and exercise their physique, so they are called Wumeng.

Master Ouyang, this is the first time Li Pingfan has heard of this name, but since he is also a warrior and can create a martial alliance, his strength will definitely not be bad, otherwise someone will listen to him.

Then what is the competition you are talking about three days later, Li Pingfan asked.


		