

Chapter 105

Liangzhou

When Li Pingfan left Huacheng, there were indeed many people watching him. Fortunately, he recovered his appearance, so no one monitoring Li Pingfan noticed that Li Pingfan had left Huacheng.

Just after Li Pingfan left, Li Pingfan had already planned to go to Liangzhou.

Li Pingfan also had his own purpose in choosing Liangzhou.

First of all, Liangzhou is the place of the Nalan family. Li Pingfan wanted to know about the fake magic, and in addition, Nalan Jie helped him in the arena at that time. Although Li Pingfan knew that he had his own purpose, Li Pingfan I also have my own purpose. Wouldn't it be better if we can achieve a win-win situation, so that we can have one more friend.

Speaking of friends, Li Pingfan realized how important friends are in today's star field. If there was no help from Wu Zhiguo and others, he would definitely be taken away by Qian Bojun.

Therefore, at this moment, Li Pingfan finally understands the importance of friends in this star field.

It was already noon when Li Pingfan arrived in Liangzhou, Li Pingfan's stomach was growling at this moment, so Li Pingfan came to a restaurant that looked good.

At this time, a waiter came to Li Pingfan.

Sir, here is the menu.

Li Pingfan looked at the menu and began to order. After Li Pingfan finished ordering, he raised his head and handed the menu to the waiter. Both Li Pingfan and the waiter were stunned at the same time.

Li Pingfan.

Lin Jiaqi.

The two said in unison.

Coincidentally, when Li Pingfan went to Binhai for the first time, he was also very hungry. When he went to the restaurant, he met Lin Jiaqi. She was the one who came to Liangzhou this time.

Li Pingfan, why are you in Liangzhou?

I still want to ask you? Why are you also in Liangzhou?

It's a long story for me, so let me tell you why first.

It's a long story for me.

The two looked at each other and smiled awkwardly.

Don't you want to eat Bawang's meal again this time, Lin Jiaqi said.

Li Pingfan said with a smile, not this time, this time I have money, and said Li Pingfan handed over a card, go and help me check out, just swipe it.

Lin Jiaqi didn't accept Li Pingfan's card, but said, forget it, you don't look like a rich person, I'll treat you to this meal, but can you eat so much by yourself?

This, this, and this are all useless, I will cross them out for you.

After Lin Jiaqi crossed out a few dishes, Li Pingfan looked at the dishes he had ordered. There were only two dishes left. Li Pingfan touched his stomach and shook his head secretly.

After a while, the food came to the table. Li Pingfan saw that the food he had ordered before was still there. It seemed that Lin Jiaqi had added it.

At this moment, Lin Jiaqi came to Li Pingfan's side.

Li Pingfan, do you have something to do this afternoon?

Li Pingfan thought about it, because he had just arrived in Liangzhou, so the first thing he did was to find a place to live.

In the afternoon I'm going to find a place to live.

Looking for a place to live, it just so happens that I have connections, I have already asked the leader for leave, and I will accompany you to find a house in the afternoon, Lin Jiaqi said to Li Pingfan with a coquettish smile.

While devouring the food, Li Pingfan nodded frantically and muttered, okay, okay.

Lin Jiaqi felt a little ridiculous seeing Li Pingfan's current appearance.

So he said, eat slowly and no one will compete with you. After speaking, Lin Jiaqi said that there are other guests, so let Li Pingfan wait for him for a while after eating.

On the other hand, Wu Zhiguo, Huacheng, and his group planned to arrive at Binhai early, but after halfway through, Wu Zhiguo, Feng Zhenghao, and Li Kuanyao and their group were stopped on the way.

Obviously, the people who intercepted them were the people from Shura Palace, Raksha Temple and Huacheng Wumeng.

Deacon Feng, why are you leaving in such a hurry? Qian Bojun said.

There are still things to deal with in the League.

If you have something to deal with, don't be so anxious, tell me, where did you hide Li Pingfan?

We are also looking for him. We were still there last night. We went to look for him this morning, but he is no longer there. I want to ask you if you have killed Li Pingfan, Feng Zhenghao said.

Feng Zhenghao, don't you want to spout blood, if we kill him, will we still block you here?

Then who knows, what if you come to a villain and sue first? Wu Yanxia spoke at this moment.

Cut the nonsense, hand over Li Pingfan, or tell us where Li Pingfan is, and we will find it ourselves, otherwise you don't even want to leave here. Deacon Li said.

Are you the only one who can stop me? Wu Zhiguo said.

Brother Wu, don't be impatient, we need to calm down and have a good discussion, don't we? At this moment, Elder Wang also stood up and said to Wu Zhiguo.

Brother Wu, you don’t need to be so anxious. Some things need to be discussed slowly. I know there is a hotel nearby. Why don’t we go and sit down there, so that we can help you recall what happened to Li Pingfan, Qian Bojun said.

Despicable, shameless, Li Mo secretly cursed.

Um, why is it so lively here?

At this moment, a person who should not have appeared here appeared. This person is Liu Zhen.

Liu Zhen, from Huacheng Huazong.

Liu Zhen, what are you doing here?

Seeing the excitement here, I also join in the excitement.

Oh, that's right, I remembered, you have some grievances with the Wu family, and it just so happens that this time the matter can be settled, Qian Bojun said.

What brother Qian said, I came here this time precisely for this matter.

Alright, Brother Liu, you can settle your personal grievances now, and you can rest assured that we will never interfere, and we will never let the people on the opposite side interfere with your competition.

Liu Zhen nodded and walked towards Wu Zhiguo's camp.

Brother Qian, which one of you wants to fight me twice?

Qian Bojun and his group were blindsided by this operation.

Liu Zhen, what do you mean?

What do you mean, it doesn't mean anything, I just want to settle my grievances with Wu Zhiguo in private, and I don't want outsiders to interfere in our affairs.

So, you better let them go.

Liu Zhen, I advise you not to meddle in other people's business, otherwise, I, Shura Palace, will not be easy to mess with, Elder Wang said.

Is Shura Hall so arrogant now? Nalan Jie has also come here.

Brother Nalan, you'd better leave this matter alone, Qian Bojun said.

I was planning to go home, but I saw this scene on the way, Qian Bojun, I will take care of this matter, let them leave, or let's fight later, Nalan Jie said domineeringly.

Elder Wang, we might as well leave first. It seems that Li Pingfan is not here, and he must have left last night. Therefore, we should go back first and wait for that person to arrive. We are planning for the long term.

Seeing that the situation is not right, Elder Wang is about to retreat, but he can't say it first, otherwise he will lose face, and Deacon Li is still sensible, so Elder Wang and the others met their eyes and said to leave now. In this way, Wu Zhiguo Feng Zhenghao and Lee Kuan Yew returned to Binhai safely.


		