

Brother Fan, you offended them, so you must be more careful in the future, they are sister Xia's people, and school has just started, and sister Xia hasn't come to school yet, so they won't be too arrogant.

You don't need to call me Brother Fan, just call me ordinary, Huangmao, I will pay attention to what you say, the most important thing for us now is to eat.

Li Pingfan didn't care either. The most important thing now is to break through to the second level of Qi training. With the current speed of cultivation, it will take at least half a year to break through to the second level of Qi training. Pingfan can break through at the fastest speed. Li Pingfan thought about it, and there should be a alchemy furnace. In this way, as long as there are spirit herbs, he can refine spirit pills, and then he can quickly break through to the third level of Qi training. If you find some spirit stones, your cultivation speed will definitely increase by leaps and bounds.

What Li Pingfan wants to know most now is the level of warriors in this world. Ever since he heard about warriors, Li Pingfan felt that he knew nothing about this world. He needed to find out the level of warriors in this world as soon as possible, otherwise he might Do not know how to die.

Brother Fan, what do you want to eat? I have invited you for this meal.

Only then did Li Pingfan come out of his thoughts, just eat something casually.

Hey, who is this? Isn't this a medical university know-it-all? How dare you come here to eat? Can you afford to eat here? You poor ghosts, if you eat a meal here, you will probably eat dirt this month. One has slightly longer hair and dyed dark green hair. woman.

Hmph, king of the green hat, you dare to say that I have been greened a few times, don't you know, the person next to you is probably going to greenlight you too.

Damn, fat man, what are you talking about?

Cuckold King, what's the matter, let's talk about you, what can you do to me.

The reason why Su Haokai dared to provoke him is because this restaurant does not allow provocations. If there is someone who provokes and knows who it is, then he will never be able to eat in this restaurant again during his university years, so Su Haokai is here I am not afraid of them.

Damn, you see, I dare not touch you here, if you have the guts to never come out, I will definitely break your leg when I see you.

Su Haokai also ignored him, and started talking to Li Pingfan while sitting on the side.

In fact, he is right in one point. It is true that not everyone can afford to eat here. The students who can eat here are at least doing some business at home, and they must have some family background. There is also a restaurant in this restaurant. The second floor, the inside of the second floor is even more luxurious, and the people who eat there are rich and expensive young masters, and some celebrities will come here to book rooms, so those who can go to the second floor must be famous people.

As for ordinary people like us, we can only go to the cafeteria to eat, and we can only eat here once in a while. If we eat a meal here, I guess I will eat dirt this month.

Li Pingfan smiled and said, by the way, Fatty, just now I heard him say that you know everything about medical universities, are you familiar with it?

Hearing this, Fatty put on a posture that I know everything about the world, I'm not bragging about Brother Fan, as long as it's about medical university, there's nothing I, Su Haokai, don't know about, do you know why that person didn't dare to touch me just now?

Li Pingfan shook his head.

I call him the Cuckold King, because I know all his secrets, he dare not do anything to me, he is afraid that I will tell all his things, so I have been doing well in the medical university for half a year, at least compared to Four eyes and they come, then I am much stronger, Xiaopang said arrogantly, then turned his head and looked at four eyes.

Four Eyes, what's the matter with you, Li Pingfan said to Four Eyes.

Alas, Brother Fan, let me tell you, I know this.

Xiaopang, don't say it, four eyes interrupted.

Haha, it's okay, four eyes, thanks to Brother Fan today, Brother Fan will be his own in the future.

Brother Fan, let me tell you, Siyan’s family’s conditions are not good, and he almost couldn’t get into the medical university at the beginning because his family had no money, but his studies were the second in the city at that time, and he said at the time that he could be exempted by being the first. However, he didn’t take the first place in the exam. He was about to give up, but he heard that the person who won the first place in the exam would not come, so the dean made an exception and waived his tuition. Later, he offended him in class. Wang Yifan and his group were beaten half to death at the time, and they stopped because they were afraid of killing people, but after that, they asked Siyan to help them with their homework every day, and beat him if he didn't do it.

Speaking of this, he started to cry with his arms around his eyes, thinking that he must have remembered the past, Xiaopang didn't continue talking when he saw this situation.

Is that group of people also belonged to Young Master Zhang? Li Pingfan asked again.

They, no, they wanted to join Sister Xia, but Sister Xia ignored him at all.

Who is this Miss Xia you are talking about?

Sister Xia, he is a senior in the sophomore year, her name is Wu Yanxia, ​​she is from the Wu family, and she will give three points to the Wu family when she hears about it in Binhai.

What is a samurai?

I don't know what it is specifically, I only know that he is a martial arts family, all of them are martial arts practitioners, and anyone who comes out can beat a group of people, so no one dares to mess with Sister Xia at school.

Since you know everything about the medical university, do you know who the person who beat up Yuan Hao who has been discussing today is? Li Pingfan continued to ask.

I'm sorry, Brother Fan, I do know about other things, but I really don't know about this matter. They say it's people with scars on their faces, but there are so many people with scars on their faces, to be honest, I'm a little skeptical It's you, but it's impossible, you're new here, it's impossible to meet Yuan Hao, Yuan Hao is usually in the martial arts gym and rarely comes out, unless Lu Feng is looking for him, otherwise he won't come out, but yesterday If Lu Feng didn't even come to school, it would be even more impossible. I have never figured this out.

Li Pingfan secretly rejoiced in his heart, he couldn't even figure it out, let alone the other people, and Lu Feng's group of people would be even less likely to tell who they were.

Okay, let's finish eating, let's go after eating, I've already paid the bill, and I'm all gone, Li Pingfan said to them.

Ah, Brother Fan, you settled the bill so quickly. We originally wanted to invite you, but we didn't expect to make you spend it. We will give you the total amount.

Li Pingfan waved his hand and said, no need, there will be opportunities for you to treat guests in the future, let's go, I'm tired and go back to sleep.


		