

Chapter Thirty-Five

Mysterious level master

Miss Wu, don't tell me you're so capable, then you can't take Miss Li away today.

Arrogant, Wu Yanxia stared at Lu Guang coldly, Wu Yanxia herself had heard of Lu Guang before.

Because the Lu family was a master of medical skills in the early years, and their medical skills are unrivaled. It's just that Lu Guang doesn't like to study medicine, but prefers martial arts. Now he has entered the peak of the late Huang rank at the age of 22, and he is just one step away. Stepping into the realm of the Profound Rank, if he is allowed to step into the Profound Rank, Li Mo might not be able to save him today, and Wu Yanxia felt a little relieved.

Haha, Miss Wu, if you leave now, I can still let the past go, otherwise none of you will leave here today.

Lu Guang, you are thinking about farting, this lady is not serious yet, you have to be careful next.

After speaking, Wu Yanxia seemed to have used some kind of kung fu. This is the first time Li Pingfan saw this kind of kung fu in this star field. There is actually a trace of aura in it, but this aura is not pure heaven and earth aura. There are a lot of impurities, but it is already a big help to the martial artist.

Li Pingfan was also a little confused for a moment, could there be immortal cultivators in this star field? Li Pingfan also put a question mark on this question, regardless of whether this star field exists or not, it will be discussed after tonight, and then he can find an opportunity to trick Wu Yanxia's details.

In a blink of an eye, Wu Yanxia seemed to be using a kind of kung fu. At this moment, Wu Yanxia's aura suddenly increased several times, which was completely different from the strength she showed before. Lu Guang's aura was also being suppressed all the time.

At this moment, Lu Feng was also a little uneasy, but Lu Feng knew that in this situation, he could only rely on his uncle himself, and he couldn't help much by going up by himself, and it might even have a counterproductive effect.

Lu Guang, if you have any other tricks, just use them, I don't think Huang Jie's peak strength can be so vulnerable, Wu Yanxia said with some contempt.

Miss Wu, I know that your Wu family is a family of warriors, but you also need to know that there will not be a patient in any family these days. I advise you now, you'd better stop, otherwise... Lu Guang didn't say any more.

I heard that something was wrong with the old man of the Wu family. At this time, Lu Guang said this sentence again, as if to reveal that if you don't leave now, you can let your grandfather die.

Wu Yanxia was really surprised when she heard this. The Wu family originally wanted to invite Lu Shengshou, but the Wu family knew what the Lu family was like, and the family election would be held in the first half of the year, so they never asked for help from the Lu family. Otherwise, he would be led by the nose by the Lu family. This is the most unacceptable thing for the Wu family, so the old man of the Wu family did not ask his clansmen to invite Lu Shengshou.

Hmph, don't scare me with these things, I'm going to save Li Mo today, and none of you can stop him.

Oh? Yeah?

At this time, another clear voice came to everyone's ears.

At this time, a man about thirty years old came out of the inner room and looked at everyone.

Brother Wang, at this time Lu Guang is the first to clenched his fists.

Wu Yanxia also looked a little flustered at this time, because she knew that this was Wang Ming, and he was from the Wumeng, and he was also a genuine master of the early stage of the Mysterious Rank.

Wang Ming, why are you here? Do you want to meddle in our affairs?

Miss Wu, Brother Lu Guang and I are good friends, and Brother Lu Guang invited me to ask for advice today. Before we even started, I heard you guys making noise outside, which is very annoying.

Sister Xia was talking to him, Yan Lu said.

You don't know, he is Wang Ming, he is from the Martial League, and he is also a mysterious master.

Wang Ming, aren't you afraid of being blamed by the Wumeng?

Haha, Wang Ming laughed out loud, blame me, my brother and I are competing, at this moment there is a person who is not as good as good or bad who wants to destroy our discussion, and then I help, will this be blamed?

But you, for Li Mo, are you going to gamble your Wu family's life?

Ms. Wu, I am urging you to think twice.

Wu Yanxia also hesitated in her heart. Deep in her heart, she seemed to want to turn her head and leave for a moment, but her rationality told her that she couldn't sit like this. Even if they left now, they would never let the Wu family go. In the blink of an eye, he looked at Li Pingfan, as if he wanted to tell him that he had tried his best, and it was up to him next.

Li Pingfan also understood, at this time Li Mo has gradually regained consciousness.

Just before they started to do it, Li Pingfan had already started treating Li Mo, but the action was very fast, and their attention was not on Li Pingfan's side, which made Li Pingfan more comfortable.

Li Pingfan looked at Li Mo who was about to wake up, and then he started to look at everyone, his eyes were extremely sharp, and everyone was hairy.

At this time, Wang Ming also felt uneasy. This feeling only appeared when he was facing his senior brother.

Dare to ask this brother, who are you? Wang Ming asked.

Brother Wang Ming, he is a transfer student of our school this year. He has no big background and is just a small person. He can be cleaned up with confidence, Lu Feng stepped forward and said.

Wang Ming stared at Lu Feng, and Lu Feng quickly backed away, not daring to make a sound.

Hmph, Li Pingfan sneered, you don't deserve to know my name.


		