

Chapter 117

Luo Geng

Hey, Lao Yang, what are you doing?

Old Xiao, I just received an order to go to Jiujiang, and I'm on my way.

Going to Jiujiang, isn't that on the catering road?

Yes, Lao Xiao, what's the matter.

Where are you now?

It's almost time to meet Lu Nan.

Lao Yang, please take a detour, there was a car accident on Yinghe Road South, and there is a lot of traffic now.

OK, let me ask the passengers.

Sir, there is a lot of traffic ahead. If we continue to take Yingnan Road, it will take a lot of time. Do you want to change the route? The driver said to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, yes.

Thank you so much Lao Xiao, I will change the route now.

In this way, the driver took a new route.

Tens of minutes passed, and Li Pingfan seemed to feel something was wrong, because the current car had been circling around Liangzhou.

Master driver, how long will it take us to reach Jiujiang, Li Pingfan asked.

Estimated to be about an hour.

Oh? Really, I see why we are still in Liangzhou?

Hey young man, you must have just come to Liangzhou.

Oh? how do you know.

You are not familiar with Liangzhou at first glance. The road I am taking now is a small road, a road that many outsiders don't know.

After listening to the driver's explanation, Li Pingfan was even more sure that there was something wrong with the driver.

Why is he so clear about the fact that he is not a local? And although Li Pingfan's time in Liangzhou was very short, he still knew the way to Jiujiang.

So Li Pingfan quietly took out a silver needle.

Master driver, can I ask you a question?

Young man, yes, if you have any questions, just ask.

What is your relationship with Shura Palace?

As soon as the words came out, the driver's expression changed slightly, but he recovered quickly.

But none of this could escape Li Pingfan's eyes.

Shura Palace, what is Shura Palace, I don’t know, I don’t know.

There is no need to pretend now, right, Lao Yang, after finishing speaking, Li Pingfan directly stabbed Lao Yang unconscious.

Li Pingfan quickly supported the steering wheel and found a parking place. When he was about to leave Lao Yang in the co-pilot, Li Pingfan found that Lao Yang had a wireless earphone on his ear. Li Pingfan took it off and put it on his own ear. .

After that, he left Lao Yang in the co-pilot and drove to Jiujiang by himself.

Just after Li Pingfan started the car, Wang Yao's voice came from the other side of the earphone.

Lao Yang, Lao Yang.

Li Pingfan did not answer.

Seeing that no one answered, Wang Yao knew that something must have happened, so he gathered his men to catch up with the car that Li Pingfan was driving now.

During the few minutes when the car stopped, Wang Yao already knew in his heart that Li Pingfan had found Lao Yang, but fortunately he had the foresight to install a GPS in the car, so that even if Li Pingfan went anywhere, he could find him. .

In a short time, many cars behind Li Pingfan have been chasing him. Only then did Li Pingfan realize that something was wrong. He knew that he was being tracked, so Li Pingfan threw away all communication devices except his mobile phone and continued to speed up. leave.

At the same time, the Nalan family.

Grandpa, grandpa, it's not good.

Yu'er, what happened, in such a panic, Li Pingfan was found by people from Shura Hall, and Nalan Yu reported all the information to Nalan Jie.

Nalan Jie didn't hesitate, and called all the warriors above the Nalan family's ground level to leave the Nalan family.

Before leaving, Nalan Jie asked Nalan Yu to report this matter to Liang Chen.

After Li Pingfan threw away all the communication equipment, he was still being bitten tightly. Before that, Li Pingfan had never understood that with his driving skills, he could obviously get rid of them, but it had been more than ten minutes, and they still Follow yourself one by one.

Only then did Li Pingfan realize that the car was equipped with a positioning system, so they could keep up no matter where he went.

No, running like this is not an option, the car will run out of gas sooner or later, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

So Li Pingfan drove the car to a crowded place, which would help him escape.

But it didn't take long before the car warned that the fuel level was low, and after another ten minutes, Li Pingfan's car stopped completely.

After a while, dozens of cars stopped around Li Pingfan, and a dozen people got out of the cars.

Don't run away, Li Pingfan, just capture him with your arms tied, you won't be able to run away, Deacon Li said.

I didn't expect that my little Li Pingfan could be taken care of by so many people. I am also very lucky.

Haha, Li Pingfan, you should say, how sad you are that so many people want your life, Deacon Li said again.

Hahahaha, do you think you can keep me?

Oh? Do you think you can get away from the dozen of us? Wang Yao said at this time.

You have to try it to know, Li Pingfan said.

Li Pingfan took the lead, without holding back at all, and directly used the wind control technique to kill one person first with extreme speed.

The opponent saw that Li Pingfan had already made a move, so he also made a move to fight Li Pingfan at the same time.

After dozens of minutes passed, Li Pingfan was unharmed, but the opponent fell down with two people.

At this time, a person came out from the crowd and said, "You all stand down and let me come."

Boy, you are indeed strong, but today you must die.

Who are you, the tone is quite loud, Li Pingfan said.

Rakshasa Temple, Luo Geng, now you can die in peace.

Luo Geng, Li Pingfang heard from Nalan Jie that he was Luo Yu's father, but he didn't kill his son. His son was assassinated, but he can't say these things now, because he wouldn't believe it even if he told them.

Li Pingfan knew that there was a huge difference in strength between himself and Luo Geng, so he took the lead in striking Luo Geng with his punch.

Luo Geng stood on the spot and didn't move at all, just sneered at the corner of his mouth, and punched Li Pingfan in the same way. The moment the two fists touched, Li Pingfan flew backwards several meters away.

Immediately after Luo Geng made a move, another punch hit Li Pingfan. Seeing that it was too late for him to dodge, Li Pingfan used the wind control technique and received another punch.

Boom, the two punches collided again, this time neither of them retreated, because Li Pingfan's blow could barely catch the blow of a late-stage warrior under the blessing of the Wind Control Technique.

A group of people in the crowd saw Li Pingfan using this technique again, with a sinister smile on his lips, and they said to themselves, I must get it.

Boy, you impress me again, but I think you can persist a few more times, Luo Geng said.

bring it on.

Boom, boom, boom, several punches in succession, Li Pingfan has been holding on.

Luo Geng punched Li Pingfan again, and Li Pingfan resisted again.

Pfft, Li Pingfan spat out in one mouthful of donated blood.

You people go to bully a junior, don't you know how the word shame is written?

At this moment, Nalan Jie's voice reached everyone's ears.


		