

Li Pingfan followed Lin Jiaqi to a very old house. The clothes of the people here were slightly different from what Li Pingfan saw outside. noisy.

Lin Jiaqi turned around and walked to an alley, pointed to a dilapidated gate in front and said that this is my home.

This is your home? Li Pingfan asked back.

Li Pingfan also couldn't believe that such a beautiful girl lived in such a place, with a dilapidated door and a courtyard inside, and the crowing of chickens could be faintly heard.

Yes, it's my home, what's the matter, don't you believe it? Lin Jiaqi walked into the room.

Grandpa, grandpa.

Alas, Xiaoqi is back. Why do you leave work so early today?

When Lin Jiaqi heard this, she looked at Li Pingfan a little aggrieved.

Li Pingfan glanced at her, and Lin Jiaqi regained her composure.

Grandpa, this is my friend. um... what's your name? Lin Jiaqi spoke to Li Pingfan in a very small voice.

Grandpa Lin, hello, my name is Li Pingfan, and I am Jiaqi’s friend. I just arrived here and haven’t found a place to live yet, so I want to stay here for a few days.

Well, it just so happens that I have a side room here, so I'll tidy him up in a while, and Li Pingfan didn't say much.

You have to return the money to me as soon as possible, I still have one week to start school, today is a bit late, tomorrow morning you have to go out to find a job, you have to return the money to me within a week Lin Jiaqi plugged Xiaoman Waist said to Li Pingfan, as if she is the boss here.

Li Pingfan walked towards the side room without even looking at her.

Alas, alas~ Did you hear what I said?

Grandpa Lin, let me help you. It's okay, kid. Go and rest. I'll be fine here in a while. There's too much dust here. I'll clean it up in a while, and open the doors and windows to let the air out.

Xiaoqi, hurry up and cook for your friend. It's late at night, and your friend must be hungry.

Hmph, he's not hungry. Grandpa, he ate more than 3,000 food just now. Lin Jiaqi's voice was very low in the next sentence, but Li Pingfan heard it very clearly, and Li Pingfan smiled lightly.

Not to mention I'm really hungry now.

Xiaoqi, let's go.

Okay, grandpa, eat, eat, eat... you'll die if you eat it, Lin Jiaqi muttered in a low voice.

Li Pingfan chatted while helping Grandpa Lin clean up the house.

out to eat. Lin Jiaqi shouted.

Let's go, let's go eat.

Li Pingfan nodded in response.

Xiaoqi, the food you cooked today is a bit bland.

Grandpa don't blame me for this, our family has run out of salt.

What about the money I gave you? Why don't you go and buy a few bags.

I...

You won't spend your money.

Lin Jiaqi glared at Li Pingfan viciously.

Well, I ran out of money.

Well, it's okay, I'll go buy some later. Grandpa Lin showed a kind smile.

Lin Jiaqi's eyes became a little moist.

Li Pingfan was still eating on his own, regardless of what they said.

OK, I'm done.

Grandpa Lin, do you have any books here? I want to read a book.

Some of the books are in Xiaoqi's room. Let her show you there in a while.

Xiaoqi, go and clean the dishes first, and I will take your friend to the back to have a look.

Got it, Grandpa, Lin Jiaqi replied weakly.

Li Pingfan followed Grandpa Lin to the backyard, where there were all kinds of vegetables, flowers, and some grass.

Among them, there is Zhucao Li Pingfan's eyes are straightened.

This turned out to be Zhu Lingcao. I didn't expect there to be two Zhu Lingcao here.

Where did Grandpa Lin find these two plants?

You are talking about these two plants. I got them by accident when I was away, and I brought them back because they looked different from other flowers and plants.

I have also raised it for many years, but it has not changed much. If you like it, it will be planted in your house.

Li Pingfan was not polite either, and Li Pingfan would not be polite at this time. Then trouble Grandpa Lin.

Xiaoqi should be almost done, don't you want to read a book? Let her show you around.

Li Pingfan followed Lin Jiaqi to her room. When Li Pingfan saw this room, he didn't expect it to be a girl's room. It was very leaky. There was only a dilapidated bed, a chair, and a desk. Most of them are books.

Without saying a word, Li Pingfan picked up a book and began to read it.

After reading it for a while, Li Pingfan saw that Lin Jiaqi's eyes were a little tired. Li Pingfan took some books to say goodbye to Lin Jiaqi, and then returned to his room.

When Li Pingfan returned to his room, he saw two Zhu Ling grasses placed beside his bed.

Li Pingfan walked to his bedside, pulled out a Zhu Ling grass, and then locked the room to prevent disturbance.

Li Pingfan took out the prepared materials, the snake blood of the three-color flower green snake, the three-color flower, Zhu Lingcao, and the most important spirit stone, then took out a small bowl, poured the snake blood, and poured the three-color flower Sehua and Zhu Lingcao put them in and began to practice.

Li Pingfan used his skills, greedily absorbed the spiritual energy, and quickly drank the bowl of snake blood. Although the efficacy of the medicine would be greatly reduced, Li Pingfan had no choice. Now that there is no alchemy furnace, this is the only way to go .

Li Pingfan felt the spiritual energy around him rushing towards his body frequently.

Click, click... There was a crisp sound, Li Pingfan knew that this was the effect of the medicine, his body was gradually being transformed, and there was a faint trace of aura.

A coaxing sound came from Li Pingfan's body, and he finally broke through. This feeling is too familiar. This is the breath of the first level of Qi training. Li Pingfan is still absorbing spiritual energy. At the peak, in the early stage of the second level of Qi training, the spirit stone gradually dimmed, and Li Pingfan began to consolidate his cultivation.

After a while, Li Pingfan stood up, lazed, picked up a book, and read it. This time, the reading speed also became faster. The book he took from Lin Jiaqi's room took less than an hour. Just read it all.

Li Pingfan checked that it was still early, so he ran to Lin Jiaqi's room to read a book.

Li Pingfan pushed open the door gently. Maybe Lin Jiaqi was too tired and forgot to lock the door. Li Pingfan went into the room and read the books one by one.

It was already three o'clock in the morning when Li Pingfan finished reading all of them. Li Pingfan closed the door and went back to his room.


		