

Chapter 159

Come to Qixia Mountain again

After Meng Jianping left, Li Pingfan returned to his room to enter the state of cultivation.

Li Pingfan wanted to know where the lost aura went, but after some exploration, he found nothing.

Li Pingfan looked at the time and it was already five o'clock in the morning.

Hey, it's time to go, while they are still resting, I'd better leave as soon as possible.

Li Pingfan looked at the two white crystal tigers, and then left a letter casually.

After Li Pingfan opened the door, he saw Yinger waiting for him outside.

Yinger, you...

Brother Pingfan, I know you will leave overnight, Yinger just wants to see you again before you leave, Yinger is reluctant to let you go, brother Pingfan, I like you, at this moment Hu Yinger said what was hidden in her heart.

Li Pingfan smiled and said, silly sister and brother also like you, but you have to study hard now, and when you succeed in your studies, you will definitely be able to help me. Li Pingfan knew what Hu Yinger meant, but he couldn't respond. Because of her own reasons, Li Pingfan can only do this. She should live an ordinary life and find someone who is an ordinary person to live an ordinary life. This is the life she wants, but she will never be able to live such a life.

Hearing her sister, the crystal clear teardrops from the corners of Yinger's eyes flowed gracefully across her cheeks.

Brother Pingfan, I don't want to be your sister, I want to be your wife, Hu Yinger summoned up her courage and said.

Li Fanfan looked at the charming Hu Yinger. To be honest, he also liked the girl in front of him very much. If he was a secular person, he would marry Hu Yinger without hesitation. Decades later, Hu Yinger has slowly aged, and she is still the same as she is now. Even if Li Fanfan can teach Hu Yinger the method of cultivation and prolong her life, but what about a hundred years later? She will still disappear in this world again, and it is she who is crying alone like that.

Yinger, you are still young, and as a man, you only met Brother Pingfan. In the future, you will definitely meet many, many people, and there may be many people who are better than Brother Pingfan.

No, no, no, I only like Brother Pingfan, Hu Yinger shook her head frantically.

Hu Yinger threw herself into Li Pingfan's arms, and kissed Li Pingfan lightly on her toes.

At this moment, when the soft lips touched his own, Li Pingfan had a different feeling.

Hehe, I think Li Pingfan, a cultivator of immortality, is still timid. Isn’t it just a parting after a hundred years? After arriving here, he became less courageous, Li Pingfan laughed at himself.

Thinking about it, Li Pingfan kissed Hu Yinger regardless.

Yinger, I...

Brother Pingfan, I understand what you mean, don't worry, I will wait for you to come back and marry me.

Li Pingfan nodded, ready to leave.

After walking a few steps, Li Pingfan turned his head and walked towards Hu Yinger.

Ordinary brother.

Yinger, I have a book of exercises here, and Li Pingfan passed on the exercises to Hu Yinger.

You have to practice hard. Remember, don't tell anyone.

Hu Yinger nodded.

Li Pingfan left the villa and went to the residence of the three of Liu Shihuan.

I didn't expect you to come so early, Liu Shihuan said.

The time to be late is to tell him, well, it's time for us to leave.

Are you not saying hello?

Li Pingfan waved his hand and said, no need, they will know when they see that I am not there.

I want to ask you a question, Liu Shihuan said.

For the sake of helping me before you, just ask.

Who are you? Liu Shihuan asked.

Who is it, Li Pingfan rubbed his chin, layman.

Ordinary people, haha, yes, who is not an ordinary person? Liu Shihuan said with a self-deprecating smile.

Ok, I've got the answer I want, let's go.

Afterwards, the group of four left Binhai and went to Qixia Mountain again.

Elders, we are back, and the three of us paid homage to the elders of each family.

Little friend, today is good, Wang Bolin said.

Very good, don't worry about the old man.

Haha, I heard about you in Binhai, it's just a small Shura Hall, do you need me to kill them for you?

There is no need for this, it is my own business, I will solve it myself.

Well, ambitious.

No need to talk so much nonsense, I have come here to talk about how you negotiated.

Happy, it really is easy to deal with smart people.

The three of us have also discussed it, for a period of one month, three families and one family for ten days, what do you think? Wang Bolin said.

Ten days, it’s okay, then who’s house should I go to first, Li Pingfan said.

Haha, where is my friend here? Qixia Mountain, the first one is of course my Qixiamen, Liu Ran said.

I don't want to go to Qixiamen first, I'm afraid you will plot against me, Li Pingfan said directly.

When Liu Ran heard this, a black line appeared on her forehead, and she thought to herself, you bastard, we are still plotting against you, except for us, the older generation, that young man will be your opponent.

Since you don't want to go to Qixiamen first, what about my Wang family? Wang Bolin said.

The Wang family, the Wang family are too shrewd, I'm afraid I will be tricked by you if I go.

Fuck, you bastard thinks we are too smart, on Qixia Mountain, it was that little bastard who tricked us, in my opinion, the smart one is clearly you, little bastard, Wang Bolin thought to himself.

Since they all want to go first, they can come to my Wuxin Pavilion as guests first.

Wuxin Pavilion, I don't dislike it, but most of them are women, so it's not convenient, Li Pingfan shrugged and said.

Young man (little bastard) is it not good to have too many women? I can take good care of you, Yu Xiaorou said.

Hey, the main reason is that I already have a fiancée, and I need to keep a distance from other women, otherwise all the women in your pavilion will fall in love with me.

Damn it, boy, this doesn't work, that doesn't work, why do you want to go back on your word? Liu Ran said.

I have already come, how could I go back on my word.

That being the case, little friend, you can talk about your thoughts. Wang Bolin said.

My idea is that I will go to a city that is far away from all three of your families, and then I will do it by myself. After that, you can come to me if you have any difficulties in cultivation, and I will definitely help you solve them.

No, I think it's right, Liu Ran said.

Boy, I think you want to go back on your word, so Liu Ran stretched out her hand to grab Li Pingfan.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Li Pingfan quickly waved his hand and said.

I'm just joking, I'll follow your decision, go to Qixiamen first, and then which one? Li Pingfan said.

This is more or less the same, after the ten-day period of Qixia Gate is up, my Wang Family will pick you up, and after that, there will be Wuxin Pavilion.

Then, what should I do if I am assassinated in one of them? Li Pingfan said.

Don't worry, little friend, our semi-hidden family will definitely not do such a dirty thing, Yu Xiaorou said.

Tch, did he want to hit me just now? Li Pingfan pointed to Liu Ran.

I just wanted to pat you.

You smelly and shameless, are you trying to shoot me? He clearly wanted to kill me, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Well, little friend, we will also let these three people continue to follow you, that is to say, they will accompany you and protect you. Do you think this is ok? Wang Bolin said.

Li Pingfan looked at the three of them, nodded his head and agreed, that's how it should be done.


		