

Chapter 151

breakthrough

The two white crystal tigers also accepted their names.

After that, everyone talked freely in the middle of the night, and they also took a rest.

And Li Pingfan returned to his house and began to attack the fifth level of Qi training. Now, for Li Pingfan, he needs to improve his strength as soon as possible. own life.

Li Pingfan returned to the house and took out the source spirit stone, the surrounding aura immediately gathered and poured into Li Pingfan's body, the Bai Jinghu beside him felt the powerful aura gathering, they couldn't bear such a powerful aura, so they walked aside Watching Li Pingfan.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan broke through the fourth level of Qi training and reached the fifth level of Qi training very smoothly. All this went very smoothly.

After Li Pingfan reached the fifth level of Qi training, he grabbed the two white crystal tigers to his side, because after he had just broken through, their comprehension would be much enhanced, and their aura would be more pure.

One person and one beast practiced like this for a day and two nights, and Li Pingfan completely stabilized his strength at the fifth level of Qi training.

The two white crystal tigers next to them have grown up a bit, and their strength has also improved. At present, the strength of these two little guys is already comparable to that of the warriors in the middle stage of the secular world. Just fast.

Silently, you said that Brother Pingfan hadn't come out of the house for a day and a night, could something have happened, Hu Yinger asked.

Yinger, don't worry, he will be fine, Li Mo said.

I'm also worried about him, why don't we go in and have a look, Lin Jiaqi said.

Hu Yinger nodded.

The three came to Li Pingfan's door and were about to open the door to go in. Two white crystal tigers ran out and shook their heads at them, signaling them not to disturb Li Pingfan.

The three confirmed that Li Pingfan was fine, and left the villa to return to school.

After another hour, Li Pingfan slowly opened his eyes. His strength had already been stabilized at the fifth level of Qi training. Li Pingfan felt that his own strength had improved. This is Li Pingfan's self-confidence, and it is also the self-confidence brought to him by his strength.

Then Li Pingfan left the villa alone. The two little guys wanted to go together, but they were stopped by Li Pingfan, because their existence could not be known to outsiders.

Li Pingfan found Liu Shihuan and others and went to Li's house.

who are you looking for? At the door of Li's house, a housekeeper said.

I'm looking for Mr. Li Yao, just wait a moment, I'll report.

Not long after, Li Yao came out and welcomed Li Fanfan into Li's house after seeing Li Fanfan.

Ordinary friend, I heard the news of your return from Momomo. I originally wanted to visit you first, but Momomo said that you...

Li Yao hesitated to speak.

Grandpa Li is not welcome, I see Grandpa Li's face is flushed, it seems that his body is recovering well.

Yes, with the healing of your miracle doctor, my body is getting tougher and rougher, and I laughed out loud as I spoke.

Afterwards, Li Pingfan and Li Yao had a chat, and Li Pingfan left Li's house and went to Wu's house.

After arriving at the Wu family, Li Pingfan saw Wu Zhiguo.

Grandpa Wu, Li Pingfan shouted.

Friends of Pingfan, Wu Zhiguo smiled from ear to ear when he saw Li Pingfan coming.

Then Li Ping followed Wu Zhiguo to the inner room.

How did they come with you? Wu Zhiguo asked quietly.

Wu Zhiguo had also seen these people on Qixia Mountain, and knew that they were from a semi-hidden sect family, but they actually followed behind Li Pingfan. From the looks of it, Li Pingfan's current situation is also very difficult.

This is a long story, Li Pingfan winked at Wu Zhiguo, Wu Zhiguo understood Li Pingfan's meaning.

Afterwards, Wu Zhiguo arranged for the three of them to have dinner, while Li Pingfan followed Wu Zhiguo to the secret room.

are you...

Before Wu Zhiguo finished asking, Li Pingfan nodded.

Sure enough, they are spying on you?

Yes, I have reached an agreement with their elders, and I will leave for Qixia Mountain in a week.

What, you are going to the Banyin sect.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Hey, it's a pity that I don't have the strength to help you, otherwise I will definitely accompany you to the end.

Grandpa Wu, I appreciate your kindness, but this is my business, and I will take care of it.

By the way, Grandpa Wu, are you still practicing the exercises I handed over to you?

My current body is thanks to the two exercises you gave me before. I combined their strengths and mastered them, and changed them into a new exercise. Now my strength has also returned to the late stage of the earth. I feel that I am not far away from breaking through the heavenly ranks, thanks to your help, otherwise I... Wu Zhiguo shook his head with a sigh.

After Li Pingfan and Wu Zhiguo also talked freely, Li Pingfan left again and went to the Wumeng.

Martial League: Feng Zhenghao is watching the competition among the students in the martial arts arena.

At this moment, Li Pingfan came to sit beside Feng Zhenghao.

Hey, comparing these people's strength with that person's, it's like a small river is better than the sea, Feng Zhenghao shook his head and said.

Oh? Compared with that person? Li Pingfan said.

Li Pingfan and Feng Zhenghao returned.

Uh, who is this talking to me again, the voice is so familiar, Feng Zhenghao muttered, and when he turned his head, his jaw almost dropped to the ground in shock.

Li Pingfan, when did you come back, Feng Zhenghao said.

two days ago.

Don't say a word when you come back, so I can go to meet you.

It doesn't have to be that troublesome.

Let's go, let's have a drink.

Li Pingfan left with Feng Zhenghao.

Will you be leaving this time when you come back, Feng Zhenghao asked.

They will be leaving in a few days and they still need your care.

Hey, in a few days, we will be sent an elder here, and I won't be able to speak at that time.

Deacon Feng has worked hard for you in the days to come, Li Pingfan raised his glass and drank it down.

Don't worry, ordinary little brothers, I will take care of them.

The two continued to drink and chat, and soon the sky turned dark.

At the same time, seven late-stage peak powerhouses appeared in Binhai and conspired in one room.


		