

Li Pingfan shook his head helplessly.

Brother Fan, you can't go here, you don't know Sister Xia's methods.

Sister Xia usually doesn't send out invitations.

You are the second person invited by Miss Xia.

Oh? Who is that first.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan immediately became interested.

Hey, the first one. Su Haokai betrayed him.

At this moment, Li Pingfan slapped Su Haokai on the head again.

Brother Fan, can you tell me in advance when you hit me in the future, this will make me very unprepared, and I will easily become stupid if you keep attacking me so suddenly.

In fact, Li Pingfan's beating him like this is also of great benefit to him. Every time Li Pingfan hits him, a trace of spiritual energy will be injected into his body. After all, he is a mortal body. It will instantly explode and die.

Ever since Li Pingfan promised him to accept him as his apprentice, Li Pingfan had already thought of using this method to help him walk on this road little by little. This road is very difficult, and he can only lead him to start. Any achievement depends entirely on his own efforts.

Stop talking nonsense, if you don't want to be beaten, just speak quickly, Li Pingfan raised his hand again after speaking.

No, no, I'll just say it.

The first one is Zhao Chuan.

Brother Fan, you just came to our school, you may not know this Zhao Chuan, but he is famous for all kinds of evil.

No one in the school dared to provoke him.

Oh? What about Lu Feng?

Both Lu Feng and Sister Xia wanted to give him some face, he was Zhang Shao's good brother.

Young Master Zhang, Li Pingfan muttered in his heart, this is the second time Li Pingfan heard this name again.

and then? Huang Mao couldn't help asking.

Zhao Chuan saw a flower from a certain department in our school. Zhao Chuan also pursued it many times but failed. I still remember that it was a snowy night. Zhao Chuan stopped this female classmate at the school gate. You should be able to imagine it later.

Anyway, the female classmate didn't come to school the next day, and she didn't see this department flower for the next month.

Later, at a dance held by the school, I met this department girl again. Zhao Chuan saw her, and Zhao Chuan approached her to strike up a conversation. This time, it was very strange that this department flower did not refuse, but took him to a private room instead.

This private room was Sister Xia's private room. Two hours later, I heard an ambulance arrive at the school and took a person away.

In the next three months, I never saw Zhao Chuan again.

Later, I found out that Zhao Chuan was hospitalized after many inquiries. Almost no one knew about this news, Su Haokai said with some pride.

From Su Haokai's heart, it is not difficult to guess what happened, and one can imagine how much stimulation this flower has endured.

So Brother Fan, I don't recommend you to go to the appointment, in case Miss Xia also gives you...

Afterwards, Su Haokai made a gesture of self-government.

Fatty, do you look down on me so much? If you look down on me like this, you can ask Gao Ming to be your master.

Brother Fan, I didn't mean that. Don't worry, Brother Fan, I trust you very much.

Li Pingfan nodded in satisfaction.

By the way, why is the flower of the department so late outside the school? As far as I know, we usually have very strict inspections here, and generally they are not allowed to go out.

I know this. There is a medicinal herb street outside the school, and all the herbal medicines are sold on that street. For example, our department and the herbal department can go to that street without asking for instructions. Huang Mao was the first to talk about the privileges of the two departments.

Hey, there is such a privilege because there are too few Chinese medicines now, and most people now learn Western medicine, after all, Western medicine has quick results.

And now there are too few teachers of Chinese medicine, and there are only two in our school.

Li Pingfan was instantly interested in Herbal Street.

Do you know where this Herb Street is? Can you take me there now?

Hey, Brother Fan, are you going to Herb Street? Let's have a great time this weekend, why not go and play, we can go when we have class, we can go anytime anyway.

It's a great weekend, I invite you to sing.

Huang Mao immediately replied, let's go.

At this time, Siyan was a little reluctant, you go, I have to go back to the dormitory to study first.

Four eyes, I have to say you, this is a great time, you actually went to study, what a waste of your youth, let's go, you can study anytime, but this weekend is just this time, Do you think you are wasting this weekend? No, you are wasting an experience in your life...Huang Mao couldn't help but said.

All right, stop talking, Su Haokai interrupted directly.

Let's go, Brother Fan, you can't keep studying with four eyes, or you will become a nerd.

Four eyes nodded helplessly.

Brother Fan, all four eyes are gone, you should join me too, we have known each other for a while, and we haven't had a good time, this time I invite you, I will pay for all the consumption, Su Haokai said boldly.

You guys go and play, I won't go, I'm going to Chinese Medicine Street to have a look.

Come on, Brother Fan, I invite you to play this time, if you don't go, we will be meaningless.

Forget it, since you're going to Chinese Medicine Street, let's go together, anyway, it's still early, and there's still time for a stroll around.

After finishing speaking, the few of them walked to the Chinese Medicine Street behind the school.


		