

Chapter 135

misfortune

Well, I can only send you here, I can't let them find me, you go to them quickly, the little boy said.

Li Pingfan expressed his thanks by cupping his fists, and then the little boy left.

Ah, suddenly a loud cry came from a distance.

Because Li Pingfan's spiritual power has been improved, he can hear clearly.

This is Luo Xue's cry.

Li Pingfan frantically ran towards the direction of the voice.

Xiaoxue, where are you, Grandpa Luo also heard Xiaoxue's cry, so he turned his head to look in Luo Xue's direction, but after Grandpa Luo turned his head, he didn't see anyone, Grandpa Luo shouted loudly With Luo Xue.

Xiaoxue, Xiaoxue, where are you?

At this time, because Luo Xue was trapped in the formation, she couldn't hear any sounds from the outside world, and couldn't see where Grandpa Luo was.

And because Grandpa Luo is a secular person, he also can't feel the existence of formations.

Luo Xue, who was in the formation, felt that the surrounding temperature was dropping sharply. Luo Xue curled up on the ground, still chanting the names of Luo's grandfather Li Pingfan and Luo Geng.

Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness, and saw that Luo Xue's current state was very bad, Xiaoxue, please hold on, Li Pingfan murmured.

Afterwards, Li Pingfan used the wind control technique, swish, Li Pingfan passed by Grandpa Luo's side, and punched Luo Xue's formation with a bang.

With a bang, the formation was shattered by Li Pingfan. Li Pingfan quickly came to the side of Luo Xue who was curled up on the ground. Luo Xue repaired the injury, and after a few minutes, Li Pingfan pulled out the silver needle, and Luo Xue, who was lying on the ground, slowly opened his eyes.

This series of operations only took place within a few minutes, and Grandpa Luo who was watching from the side was stunned in place. He couldn't believe what happened just now.

Grandpa Luo, what's wrong with you, Li Pingfan shouted.

After hearing Li Pingfan's shout, Grandpa Luo regained his senses. Seeing Luo Xue standing in front of him intact, he looked at Li Pingfan and blinked. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he was I can't believe it.

Ping, Ping, Pingfan, Fan, little friend, where have you been, where have you been, Grandpa Luo said tremblingly.

And Luo Xue on the side showed a strange expression.

What's wrong with you, Grandpa, is it uncomfortable there, Luo Xue said.

Grandpa, grandpa is fine, Grandpa Luo said earnestly.

Oh, hey, Brother Pingfan, where have you been? At this moment, Luo Xue seems to have realized that Li Pingfan appeared in front of them. As for the previous events, Li Pingfan erased her memory.

I went for a walk in the deep mountains ahead, but I was not familiar with the terrain here, so I lost my way. If I hadn’t heard your voices, I’m afraid I would have spent the night here, Li Pingfan said with an embarrassed smile .

Well, you can't do this in the future, you know, grandpa and I are really worried about you, Luo Xue said.

Li Pingfan nodded.

At this moment, behind Li Pingfan, there are two white crystal tigers running.

Because Li Pingfan put the two white crystal tigers down in order to save people, and now they came here.

Now that Li Pingfan has been found, their goal of going up the mountain has been achieved, and then they go down the mountain and return home.

After Li Pingfan returned home, a familiar face appeared, Luo Geng.

Li Pingfan knew that something important must have happened when Luo Geng came so late, so he simply greeted Luo Geng, then left and went back to his room.

Dad, what's the matter with you, Luo Xue ran to Luo Geng and said after seeing Luo Geng.

What, Dad misses you, can't he come and see you?

Of course, I miss Dad too. After Luo Xue and Luo Geng exchanged a few words, Luo Geng coaxed Luo Xue to his room.

Uncle Luo.

Luo Geng, I'm here to find ordinary friends so late, it seems that something serious must have happened.

Uncle Luo, how do you know.

He is not an ordinary person. Grandpa Luo told Luo Geng everything that happened on the mountain before.

After Luo Geng heard that his daughter was in danger, he showed a worried expression.

After hearing Li Pingfan's smooth operation, Luo Geng's face did not change much.

Others don't know, but he knows Li Pingfan's strength, but he won't feel any surprises.

Luo Geng, I know who you are looking for, so go quickly, I won't waste your time.

Well, Luo Geng nodded and bowed his hands to Grandpa Luo to express his gratitude, and then went to Li Pingfan's room.

Did Wang Yao and the others know that I was here, Li Pingfan said.

No, but it's more serious than that, Luo Geng said.

That's what you say but it doesn't matter.

Luo Geng looked at the two white crystal tigers in front of him.

Li Pingfan seemed to understand what Luo Geng meant.

related to them? Li Pingfan pointed to Bai Jinghu.

Luo Geng nodded and said, I don't know who scattered their parents' residence. At this moment, countless warriors are rushing to Qixia Mountain.

What, Li Pingfan was shocked, didn't that mean they... Li Pingfan didn't continue to talk, but Luo Geng knew what Li Pingfan meant.

This time, everyone from Shura Hall and Rakshasa Hall will go back. It is said that even the deputy hall master will go there. You, do you have any ideas? Luo Geng asked.

Li Pingfan knew that if he went to Qixia Mountain this time, Wang Yao and the others would definitely be there. Although his strength had already been trained to the fourth level, but after arriving at Qixia Mountain, he would have to face the siege of everyone. Many people survived, but if he didn't go, then the parents of these two white crystal tigers would end badly. If he went, he might be doomed too, and Li Pingfan was caught in a tangle.

At this moment, Bai Jinghu on the side seemed to understand the conversation between them, so he looked at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan looked at the two white crystal tigers in front of him, and smiled self-deprecatingly, yes, they can trust me so much and hand over their children to me, but I have to give up on them because of my own safety, Li Pingfan, Li Ping Ordinary, I think you have become less timid since you came to this star field.

I'll go with you, Li Pingfan said.

Luo Geng nodded in satisfaction. During this period, Luo Geng was really afraid that Li Pingfan would run away, and only when he heard that they were going together, Luo Geng breathed a sigh of relief.

Sure enough, I read the right person, we are leaving now.

Li Pingfan nodded, and got into Luo Geng's car with two white crystal tigers.

Before Luo Geng left, he looked at his girl again, and after saying goodbye to Grandpa Luo, he left Hexian Village.


		