

Chapter Fifty-Five

Transformation of four eyes

Who are you, let me go.

You can also let go, if you let this Four Eyes go, and promise not to trouble him in the future, I will let you go.

Hmph, don’t even think about it, brat, you might not know who I am, but I’m Zhao Kuo, Zhao Ming’s younger brother, and my elder brother is bald Qiang, Brother Qiang, if you’re sensible, I advise you to let me go immediately, or I’ll let you eat Can't walk around.

Hey, Li Pingfan shook his head, Li Pingfan pushed lightly, and Zhao Kuo directly picked the green onion upside down.

Damn it, brat, you're dead, I won't let you out of Chinese Medicine Street today.

Li Pingfan kicked lightly again, and Zhao Kuo, who had just stood up, fell to the ground again.

Damn, what are you doing in a daze for me?

Zhao Kuo's attendants rushed to Li Pingfan after hearing this, but what Zhao Kuo didn't expect was that when he stood up again, his own attendants had all fallen to the ground.

At this time, there were two more people beside Li Pingfan, and these two people were Huang Mao and Hu Yinger.

Brother Fan also asked him to go to the hospital to lie down for a few months, so as not to harm others, Huang Mao said.

Li Pingfan waved his hand, looked at the face four times, and said, "Four eyes, you will avenge yourself. I believe that after you have experienced this, you will have a transformation. After speaking, Li Pingfan left this place."

As Li Pingfan expected, in the next few months, the four eyes did change a lot.

But the four eyes gave Zhao Kuo a vicious look, and then left with Li Pingfan.

The few people didn't say anything along the way, so they arrived at the school gate. Li Pingfan and Huang Mao explained a few words, and then Huang Mao and Siyan also left.

After the two left, Li Pingfan looked at Hu Yinger and said, "Tell me, what's going on today."

Hu Yinger lowered her head, her cheeks were a little rosy at first, but after Li Pingfan finished speaking, she turned a little pale, thinking, you straight man, I was scared to death today, but you asked me what happened today? Shouldn't you be concerned about how I am doing first? Is there anything wrong? Hu Yinger was suddenly a little angry, but she couldn't show it.

I was walking in the school well today, and a group of them blocked me on the road. You know what happened after that, Hu Yinger was not angry.

The attitude of this answer made Li Pingfan a little speechless, thinking that he had saved her anyway, and in the end he could only mutter silently in his heart, the woman's heart was pierced.

I think what happened on the Traditional Chinese Medicine Street before provoked them, so you must be careful for a while, I think they will never let it go, if you have anything to do, you must contact me as soon as possible, Li Pingfan said .

After Hu Yinger heard this, her cheeks turned red again, and she nodded slightly.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan was very helpless. It was still the same just now, why has it changed now? Sure enough, women are the most difficult creatures in the world to understand.

OK, then I'll take you there.

Hu Yinger didn't refuse either, and the two left the place and walked towards Hu Yinger's dormitory.

The two of them didn't say a word during this journey, Hu Yinger was always in a nympho, thinking about what Li Pingfan said just now, but Li Pingfan was thinking about what kind of power is behind this group of people today.

After a while, they had already arrived at the dormitory downstairs. Li Pingan's father, Hu Yinger, sent him to the dormitory downstairs and left.

This night at school there was a person who stayed up all night. This person was Four Eyes. He carefully recalled the past, and there was an inexplicable strength in his heart, a firmness in his eyes, and a little bit of sympathy. sinister.

The night passed quickly, and a new day ushered in. Four eyes came to the villa area behind the school early to wait for Li Pingfan.

Van Gogh.

Four eyes, have you thought about it?

Li Pingfan also understood the reason why Four Eyes came to find him so early.

Well, I thought about it, and the four eyes are not polite.

Come on, let's go in and talk.

Then the two came to the villa.

Brother Fan, please teach me kung fu, I don't want to be bullied anymore, I want revenge, I want people who bully me to prostrate in front of me.

Four Eyes, I do hope you study medicine, you are not the type to practice martial arts, so I still hope you study medicine.

Study medicine? How can I take revenge while studying medicine, how can I make Zhao Kuo kneel down in front of me.

If you are an ordinary doctor, you really have no chance of revenge, but if your medical skills are extremely superb, and you have talent in this area, so I still hope that you can learn medical skills well, as long as you learn a skill to the extreme, Sooner or later, your enemies will ask you for help. Is it still difficult to let them crawl in front of you?

You can think about it carefully, and come to me when you think about it.

Wait a minute, Brother Fan, I've thought it over, you're right, as long as you master any skill to the extreme, sooner or later they will ask you for it.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, take these two books back and read them carefully first, and then come to me after reading them.

After Siyan took the book, he thanked him and left the villa.


		