

Chapter 156

Vice-Hall Master

Is he really a fairy? Wu Yanxia muttered softly.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan's battle with Fu Haowen was much calmer than before.

Li Pingfan tapped his fingertips, and a huge finger appeared above the sky and tapped vertically.

Fu Haowen slammed out with a punch, such a small skill, I'll give it up.

boom. After the giant finger received the punch, cracks appeared, and after a short time, the giant finger exploded instantly.

Fu Haowen was pushed back dozens of steps, Fu Haowen rubbed his arm and said, the kid has some skills.

So strong, he is stronger than before, Liu Shihuan said to himself.

I really want to compete with him, Zhang Heng said.

Brother Zhang, guess who will win this battle?

It is not clear from now that both of them may have unused hole cards. Zhang Heng said.

How about you, Junior Sister Liu?

After all, Fu Haowen is a heaven-rank warrior. Although he is only from the secular world, the gap in strength cannot be made up. You also know that the difference between heaven and earth is not just a simple step.

They dare not assert that they can defeat a heaven-rank warrior in the secular world. One can imagine how terrifying the strength of the sky rank is.

At this moment, Li Pingfan grabbed it with his big hand, and countless auras around him turned into icicles. Li Pingfan tapped lightly, and countless icicles rushed towards Fu Haowen frantically.

Hmph, this blow can't defeat me.

I saw Fu Haowen waving his fist in the ice thorns, and the ice thorns that were about to get close to him were instantly shattered.

This kind of attack has a relatively large range, but its power is not enough.

Li Pingfan stretched out two fingers, and countless ice thorns gathered instantly, forming an ice sword.

Li Pingfan used the ice sword to cut down with a single strike.

Ah, break it for me, Fu Haowen punched out, directly hitting the ice sword, causing the ice sword to buzz.

Li Pingfan grabbed it again, and another ice sword appeared in front of him and stabbed Fu Haowen.

Boy, in the face of absolute strength, you are all in vain. As Fu Haowen raised his own strength again, he instantly shattered the ice sword that was slashing at him. The powerful force mentioned burst into pieces.

Strong, very strong, the heaven rank is indeed the pinnacle of the secular world.

Li Pingfan, a ball of fire appeared in his hand.

Fireball, this is a real technique, Wang Zekun said.

Li Pingfan threw two balls of fire, hitting Fu Haowen.

Fu Haowen wanted to hit it hard with his fist, but when the fireball was still tens of meters away from him, he already felt the scorching temperature. If he hit it hard, his arm might be melted in an instant.

Fu Haowen could only dodge.

But what Fu Haowen didn't expect was that these two fireballs followed Fu Haowen all the time.

Fu Haowen increased his own speed again.

Li Pingfan used the Wind Control Technique and punched Fu Haowen directly.

Because Fu Haowen's attention was on the fireball behind him, he didn't notice that Li Fanfan had already come in front of him.

Li Pingfan punched out, but Fu Haowen didn't react in time, so he received the punch abruptly.

Fu Haowen flew upside down for dozens of meters, and finally fell to the ground, his mouth was still in the corner of his mouth to donate blood.

Hahahahahaha, Li Pingfan, no one has taken me so seriously for a long time, hahahahaha, next, I want you to kneel at my feet. Ha ha ha ha. Fu Haowen laughed out loud.

not good.

Brother Wang, what's the problem? Liu Shihuan said.

I don't know if you still remember the blow that Fu Haowen gave on Qixia Mountain.

You mean that punch.

Yes.

With Fu Haowen's last punch, even Elder Liu Ran was almost seriously injured. I'm afraid Li Pingfan will suffer.

This is not certain, maybe Li Pingfan still has some hole cards that he has not used.

Then let us wait and see, Wang Zekun said.

Well, everyone nodded.

Hahahaha, Li Pingfan, don't even think about leaving alive today.

While speaking, Fu Haowen came to Li Fanfan in an instant, punched Li Fanfan, and Li Fanfan was instantly sent flying, and then Fu Haowen came behind Li Fanfan again, punched Li Fanfan again, and Li Fanfan was sent flying again.

After Li Pingfan made two laps, he used his kung fu to evoke the aura of heaven and earth, protecting his whole body.

Fu Haowen punched Li Pingfan again, this time Li Pingfan was protected by spiritual energy, Fu Haowen's punch hit Li Pingfan's body, the power was much weaker.

It's just that Fu Haowen's speed is really too fast, even Li Pingfan couldn't avoid Fu Haowen's fist by using the wind control technique.

Boom, boom, boom, with more than a dozen punches in a row, Li Pingfan was beaten so weakly that he couldn't fight back.

Hahahaha, let Li Pingfan die, Fu Haowen packed his last punch, this last punch, Fu Haowen used all his strength, and punched out.

Li Pingfan could feel the power of this last punch, and with his own speed, he definitely couldn't dodge it.

There is no way, Li Pingfan can only gather all his aura on his right hand.

Boom, punch out.

The fists of the two collided.

Boom boom boom, the surrounding earth trembled slightly.

With this punch, the two of them almost used all their strength, and everyone around them held their breath.

In just a few breaths, the two retreated tens of meters each, and then both fell to the ground.

Shocking, it was too shocking, they didn't expect Li Pingfan to receive the full blow of a heavenly warrior.

At this moment, everyone was silent, no one had just spoken, and they were all watching who stood up first.

One minute, three minutes, five minutes, ten minutes passed, and the two of them were still lying on the ground motionless.

Another ten minutes passed, and the two people on the ground still remained silent.

After a few breaths, Li Pingfan slowly opened his eyes and climbed up from the ground with difficulty.

Li Pingfan walked towards Fu Haowen with heavy steps.

All the people around were looking at Li Pingfan, and no one dared to step forward to stop him, because there were strong people on both sides, and it was said in advance that no one should interfere. This is also the rule of the competition.

One step, two steps, three steps, just a hundred steps away from me, Li Pingfan raced for tens of minutes, finally Li Pingfan stood beside Fu Haowen, channeled his last remaining aura, and turned it into an ice thorn.

Boy, how dare you, at this moment, the earth-level warriors in the Shura Hall couldn't help but shouted.

You had better not move, otherwise you will be the next to die, Zhang Heng, Wang Zekun, Liu Shihuan said.

Li Pingfan picked up the ice thorn and slowly stabbed it towards Fu Haowen.

Little friend, you have to forgive others and forgive others.

At this time, a thick and favorable voice sounded.


		