

Chapter 86

Martial arts tournament rewards

The rewards of the so-called Martial Arts Conference are actually different every year, and this will not be known until three days later, but as far as I know, exercises are indispensable, and the exercises rewarded are also very suitable for practice in this world There will never be a situation like mine, so many aristocratic families and sects will participate in such competitions for the future inheritance of martial arts.

From this sentence, Li Pingfan knew why the Wu family wanted to participate in this competition, because they really need skills now, otherwise the descendants of the Wu family may not be able to step into the lower level in their entire lives. At that time, the samurai family may be in decline from now on.

At this moment, Wu Zhiguo really thought carefully, why did he take the Yunlingcao at any cost, and of course he wanted Li Pingfan to help him get a book of exercises to continue the inheritance of the Wu family.

Ordinary friend, since you have agreed to the Wumeng, then I can't say anything more, but I have something to ask.

When Li Pingfan heard Wu Zhiguo's request, he immediately guessed Wu Zhiguo's purpose. He thought to himself, you old fox, you want me to help you get the exercises. , How could I help you, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Grandpa Wu, I think it's getting late, maybe you're talking about your request tomorrow. To be honest, I'm a little tired today. I think I have to go home first.

Seeing this, Wu Zhiguo also knew that Li Pingfan had guessed his purpose, so he said, since Pingfan is going back, let me see you off, and we can talk about the martial arts conference in detail on the way.

This... Li Pingfan just wanted to refuse.

Get in the car, I think you will gain something from this talk, Wu Zhiguo showed an intriguing smile.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan had no choice but to refuse, so he could only follow Wu Zhiguo and Wu Yanxia into the car.

On the way after getting into the car, Li Pingfan and Wu Zhiguo kept chatting about trivial matters.

Seeing that he was almost at Li Pingfan's residence, Wu Zhiguo couldn't help but asked again.

Ordinary friend, I actually have something I would like to ask you for your help. Of course, as long as you agree, my Wu family can also help you get what you need at the auction.

When Li Pingfan saw that Wu Zhiguo had shown his sincerity, he couldn't hide it anymore, so he said, Grandpa Wu, tell me, as long as I can do it, I will help you. Li Pingfan is righteous Said.

That is, you have won the ranking, if it is a martial art, can you borrow it from my Wu family for an excerpt, you can rest assured that it is only an excerpt, not the original.

Li Pingfan guessed that this was the request, but since Wu Zhiguo had already said that he would help him win the lot that he needed from the auction house, then he would not refuse him, because he did not lack skills. That certainly doesn't have much effect, it's better to take it out and exchange it for some useful items.

OK, I promise you, but what if I don't have what I need in this auction?

When Wu Zhiguo heard that Li Pingfan agreed, his heart was already happy, but as for the next sentence, he couldn't hear it very clearly.

However, after happily counting breaths, Li Pingfan's last sentence was also reflected.

If not, don't worry, ordinary friends, the Binhai Underground Auction is not just for this one time, next time it opens, I, the Wu Family, will help you get the items you need as well.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan felt relieved.

After the two confirmed the matter, the car had already stopped at the door of the house, and Li Pingfan also returned home.

The moment Li Pingfan opened the door, he smelled the aroma of food.

You are back, the food is ready, come and eat, Hu Yinger said in her sweet voice.

But what followed was, where have you been all day today, you can't find your person all day, and you don't answer the phone call, I thought you lost it, and a bit of complaining tone came to Li Pingfan's ears at the same time middle.

Li Fanfan hurriedly apologized to Li Mo. Indeed, his mission was to protect Li Mo. If someone attacked Li Mo today, Li Fanfan would definitely not be able to rescue him in time.

It's okay, Brother Pingfan, I'm just kidding you silently.

Li Mo didn't expect Li Pingfan to be so serious. It was originally a joke of his own, but he didn't expect that Li Pingfan's apology was indeed drawn, and he seemed to feel a little guilty about what he said just now.

After several people had dinner, Li Pingfan picked up his mobile phone and called Feng Zhenghao. He also wanted to know the rewards of the Martial Arts Conference. Wumeng knows more than Wu Zhiguo. If there is something he needs, then Li Ordinary will never be polite.

Little ordinary brother, it's so late, do you have anything to do on the phone, Feng Zhenghao's voice came from the other end of the phone.

Deacon Feng, I want to ask about the ranking rewards of the Martial Arts Tournament.

Hearing the ranking rewards, Feng Zhenghao was stunned for a few seconds, and then said, Actually, I don’t know very well, the rewards are different every year, but there are exercises and herbs every year, such as today’s Yunling grass, but Whether there is a better herbal medicine than Yunling Grass, it will take time to know.

However, it is said that this year's No. 1 has an item even rarer than Yunling Grass.

Hearing here, Li Fanfan has some interest this time, which is rarer than Yunling grass. Li Fanfan can't guess what it is, but Li Fanfan has already got the answer he needs.

After the two hung up the phone, Li Pingfan took out the Yunling Grass, and Li Pingfan combined the Yunling Grass and the Juling Grass to re-establish the Juling Array.

Li Pingfan practiced in the spirit-gathering formation for one night, and his cultivation of the third level of Qi training became more solid.

The next day, Feng Zhenghao arrived as scheduled, and Li Pingfan also told Li Mo and Hu Yinger what was going on today, and asked them to be careful and contact Yan Lu in time. After that, Li Pingfan and Feng Zhenghao went to the auction again.


		