

Chapter 115

To Nalan's house

What does this mean, Li Pingfan asked.

Hey, I can't say a word or two on the phone, why don't I send someone to pick you up now or I'll go to your place.

Li Pingfan thought for a while and said, send me your location, and I will go to your place now.

Nalanjie sent the location to Li Pingfan without hesitation.

Li Pingfan found Nalan's house according to the location, and saw that this is also a huge villa area, with two floors, but the area is very large, and the appearance is designed in an ancient style.

Nalan Jie went out to meet Li Pingfan, and then Nalan Jie took Li Pingfan to a room.

There were several people inside, including Nalan Yu.

Ordinary friend, let me introduce me to you. This is Yu'er's father, Nalan Tao. Nalan Jie pointed to a middle-aged man wearing a martial arts uniform.

This is Yu'er's mother, Mu Yun.

This is my second son, Nalan Hong.

This is his wife, Lin Ru.

This is my youngest daughter, Nalan Ruo.

Nalan Jie introduced them one by one, and Li Pingfan also greeted everyone one after another.

Patriarch Nalan, what did you mean by that sentence on the phone earlier, Li Pingfan asked impatiently.

Nalan Jie said calmly, ordinary friends, don't panic, since you have come here, I will definitely tell Yuan Wei.

All ears, Li Pingfan said.

You know that Wang Yao from Shura Hall has arrived for you today.

Yes, I know this.

According to my eyeliner report, the person from Luocha Temple will come to Liangzhou in the next two days.

who?

Luo Yu's father, Luo Geng.

Luo Geng and Li Pingfan had never heard of it, so Li Pingfan asked, is he very strong?

The strength is also in the late stage of the earth.

Li Pingfan thought, that's okay, at least he can run if he can't beat it.

Is that all? Li Pingfan said.

Nalan Jie was speechless, that's it, two late stages, you one early stage, killing you is like crushing an ant, and that's it, it seems that young people nowadays don't know the heights of heaven and earth, Nalan Jie Lan Jie thought in his heart.

According to my informant, not only them, but also other families or sects, but they will definitely not reveal their identities. I don’t know exactly which ones, but you have to be careful during this period of time. I have already had someone prepare a room for you at the Lan family, you can stay at Nalan's house for now, so that they don't dare to openly come to my Nalan house to make trouble, Nalan Jie said.

Li Pingfan didn't even think about shaking his head and saying goodbye, thank you Patriarch Nalan for his kindness, but I like a person, as for their group, just come.

Nalan Jie was speechless again, thinking where did you get the confidence, Nalan Jie shook his head secretly.

Well then, since that's the case, I won't force you to stay, but it's getting late tonight, so you should stay here for the first time. If there is any news tomorrow, I will let you know as soon as possible.

This time Li Pingfan didn't refuse. It was really getting late now, so Li Pingfan went back to his room and began to rest.

The reason why Li Pingfan didn't practice is because, after all, this is Nalan's house. Li Pingfan doesn't know whether Nalan Jie really wants to help him, so it's inconvenient to expose too much. maybe.

After a night, Li Pingfan slept well.

After Li Pingfan woke up the next day, Nalan Jie called him to the previous room again, this time only Li Pingfan and Nalan Jie were there.

What is the purpose of Patriarch Nalan calling me here so early, Li Pingfan joked.

Nalanjie handed Li Pingfan a note that said.

Luo Geng had already come to Liangzhou this morning, and some people also came to Liangzhou at the same time, and the identities of this group of people are not clear, but most of their strength is between the early and middle stages of the earth rank.

Now Li Pingfan realized the seriousness of the problem, so Li Pingfan said, I think I should leave.

you want to go? You can trust my Nalan family, I will definitely protect you.

Patriarch Nalan, I appreciate your kindness, but I like to be free and loose, and I don't want to seek the protection of any forces.

Hey, since the ordinary little friend insists on this, then I can't stop it, but don't worry, little friend, as long as you stay in Liangzhou for a day, I, Nalan Jie, will definitely protect you.

Well, then there will be Patriarch Launeran in this period of time.

this is necessary.

By the way, ordinary little friend, after breakfast later, I think I will tell you what you want to know, I am afraid that the original three-day agreement can only be brought forward, Nalan Jie said with a smile.

Patriarch Nalan, don't worry, I will tell you the truth.

Well, in this case, let's have breakfast first.

Li Pingfan followed Nalan Jie and left here.

After Li Pingfan and Nalan Jie had breakfast, they were taken to a secret room by Nalan's family.

There are many books in this secret room, but Li Pingfan knows that there are some exercises in these books, and so many books are placed to cover up the real location of exercises.

Li Fanfan walked around this secret room, and Li Fanfan saw several exercises, but what surprised Li Fanfan was that they all had the same name.

Ordinary friends, do you see anything different?

Li Pingfan nodded.

Oh? Then tell me about it.

Li Pingfan pointed to a book about Hunyuan Gong and said, this should be the skill you are practicing now.

Nalan Jie was dumbfounded for a moment, he didn't expect that the person in front of him would tell the exercises that the Nalan family was practicing at a glance, and Nalan Jie looked at the person in front of him again with admiration.

Oh? how do you know Besides, there are so many copies of this Huntian Kungfu, how can you be sure it is this one?

It's very simple, because this book obviously has traces of turning over the book, and it is placed in the most conspicuous position. Ordinary people think that it must be a fake in the conspicuous position, but Patriarch Nalan is doing the opposite. It is really wise to do it.

Nalan Jie shook his head and said, the ordinary little friend joked, it was not great wisdom, if it was great wisdom, how could it be seen, Nalan Jie said with an embarrassed smile.

It's just that I don't understand one thing, Li Pingfan said.

Oh, let's talk about it.

I think the remaining few books are real exercises, but why do you want to practice this one?


		