

Brother Fan, let's go.

Li Pingfan was a little puzzled.

Where are you going, fat man?

Yan Lu, we didn't mess with you, why did you ask us.

Fatty, I'm not looking for you, you can get out, but you have to stay, Yan Lu pointed to Li Pingfan.

Su Haokai looked at Li Pingfan, then at Yan Lu.

Brother Fan, when I say one, two, three, let's run.

one two Three. Su Haokai, without waiting for Li Fanfan to speak, pulled Li Fanfan and ran towards the dormitory.

Yan Lu showed a smile.

Let the fat man rest for a while, you see Huangmao and the others can't run anymore.

Su Haokai nodded and said, we've been running for so long, she probably won't be able to catch up.

Who is she, Li Pingfan asked.

Her name is Yan Lu, and she belongs to Sister Xia.

Who is Miss Xia, Li Pingfan asked curiously.

Brother Fan, let's go back quickly, as long as we get to the dormitory, she will definitely not be able to enter, so I will tell you slowly.

Oh yeah, are you that sure I can't get in?

You definitely can't get in. After finishing speaking, Su Haokai immediately came to his senses and looked back.

Damn, why are you running so fast.

Brother Fan, hurry up, Li Pingfan patted Su Haokai on the shoulder.

Fatty, you go first, since she is looking for me, then I will go with her.

Brother Fan, you have to be careful.

Yan Lu, if you dare to touch Brother Fan, I will definitely make it difficult for you to stay in the medical university, and I will reveal all your embarrassing things.

How dare you, fat man, after speaking, Yan Lu clenched her fists and walked towards Su Haokai.

Seeing this, Su Haokai quickly ran to the dormitory, and even locked the door.

Alright, now there are only two of us left, let's go to a place with fewer people and talk, Li Pingfan signaled.

Yan Lu didn't say much and followed Li Pingfan.

Just here, tell me what you want from me.

Sure enough, it seems that I guessed right.

Oh? tell me the story.

You are the one who beat Lu Feng's men.

Where did this come from.

Intuition, intuition tells me it's you.

Indeed, a woman's intuition is always accurate, your intuition is very accurate, it is indeed me.

There was nothing wrong with admitting this, Lu Feng and the others already knew who did it, so there was no need to deliberately hide anything.

Lu Feng gave me a sum of money.

So here you are.

No, I didn't ask for that money.

Oh? Then what are you still looking for me for?

I want to see how sacred you are, so that Lu Feng can invite me.

And I also knew his intentions, so I didn't take his money.

Then what are you doing here.

I heard that Yuan Hao was broken by you, so I want to discuss with you.

If it's just a discussion, then forget it, I don't have time.

After speaking, Li Pingfan wanted to leave.

Wait a minute, then you said how can you compete with me.

Hearing Yan Lu's words, Li Pingfan felt the pleasure of succeeding in a trick. If she owed him a favor, at least he wouldn't have to worry so much about Lu Feng's revenge, and he could save his life at a critical moment.

After all, my own strength is still too low, so I have no choice but to find some support.

This is what you said, if you want to compete with me, then let's make a bet.

If I win, I won't embarrass you, even if you owe me a favor, what do you think.

Oh? It turns out that you are waiting for me here, I said, why do I feel like I have been fooled by you.

And why do you think you're going to win? Is it because of defeating Yuan Hao?

Yuan Hao is only a warrior in the middle of the Huang rank, and he has just broken through.

Are you that confident?

This is my condition, it's up to you to compare or not, if you don't agree then please don't trouble me in the future, otherwise I won't be merciful.

You, you are really arrogant, well, I took the bet, but you seem to only say that you won, not that I won.

No need to say because you won't win.

You are really confident, but excessive self-confidence is conceit, and conceit has a price to pay.

Li Pingfan smiled lightly, and said, if I lose, you can raise any conditions, and I will never refuse. Okay, let's start.

Well, I hope you don't regret it.

After finishing speaking, Yan Lu clenched her fist and slammed Li Pingfan's face.

Li Pingfan dodged the punch sideways, and Li Pingfan quickly kicked out.

Yan Lu also raised a kick, and her two kicks collided, and the two fell back at the same time.

Li Pingfan didn't expect that this Yan Lu was so much stronger than that Yuan Hao, but she was far inferior to Yuan Hao in terms of strength, but she was countless times stronger than Yuan Hao in terms of skills.

Could it be that there is also the theory of exercises in this time, Li Pingfan thought for a while.

Fighting against me, you still have the heart to think about other things, and you are taking my trick.

Sure enough, this star field also has exercises.

In the blink of an eye, Yan Lu rushed towards Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan didn't hesitate either, he used his skills, wrapped his fist with aura, and smashed it hard at Yan Lu.

The two fists collided, and in an instant, Yan Lu retreated tens of meters, and she was about to fall. At this moment, Li Pingfan ran towards Yan Lu's direction with quick eyesight and quick hands.

Just when Yan Lu was about to fall down, Li Pingfan pulled Yan Lu up, probably too hastily, and the two embraced each other.

This time Li Pingfan was already very reserved, and he used 50% of his strength. If it was someone like Yuan Hao, his arm would probably be useless.

Haven't you hugged enough yet?

Only then did Li Pingfan come to his senses, and quickly let go of Yan Lu.

Then you lost this time, so you promised me, I hope you can do what you say.

After speaking, Li Pingfan turned his head and left.

Wait a minute, you did win this time, but.

What, you want to go back on your word?

What Li Pingfan usually hates most is the treacherous person. If she dares to repent, Li Pingfan will definitely make her the same as Yuan Hao.

No no no, I won't go back on my word.

Then what do you want to say, say it quickly, I am very busy.

You can come to our Lanyu League, as long as you come to our Lanyu League, then Lu Feng will never dare to trouble you.

It was the first time Li Pingfan heard about this alliance, but Li Pingfan never wanted to join any alliance or any force, because then he would be bound to them, which was what Li Pingfan didn't like the most.

Forget it, I don't want to join any alliance.

After speaking Lee. Pingfan left, leaving a sentence before leaving, don't forget the bet between you and me.

Yan Lu stood there blankly for a while, then left too.


		