

Whoosh...

As soon as he turned his head, Li Pingfan had already gone far away.

I also tried my best to catch up, but I still missed a very long distance.

Li Pingfan caught up with the masked thief very quickly. Seeing this, the thief sped up and ran again, cursing and saying, what kind of thing is this guy, why does he run so fast.

The thief ran into a sparsely populated alley.

Li Pingfan also kept chasing after him, and suddenly the thief stopped, and Li Pingfan felt that he had been fooled.

Sure enough, more than 20 people appeared around, and surrounded Li Pingfan.

Boy, aren't you good at chasing, keep chasing, the masked thief took off his mask, revealing a very handsome face,

His hair was a little messy, his facial features were regular, and he exuded the aura of a ruffian.

Brother Xiaowu, it's shameful that such a thing can chase you like this.

Get out, if it wasn't for being unable to do anything on the street, I would have cleaned him up a long time ago.

You go up first and let me rest for a while, I'm so fucking exhausted, this guy can really run.

Haha Brother Wu, then take a break first, brother, I will help you teach him a lesson first.

what...

A scream came out.

Xiao Wu was overjoyed when he heard such a cry. With eyes closed, he was playing with stones in his hands.

The surface of this stone is smooth, revealing a hint of aura faintly. If it is seen by mortals, this is indeed an ordinary stone that cannot be found in ordinary stones, but it looks better.

This is a spirit stone, Li Pingfan thought to himself, he did not expect that there are spirit stones in this world where the aura of heaven and earth is so thin, it is unbelievable, when Li Pingfan saw this spirit stone, he felt more and more shocking Some confidence.

The fight is almost done, and it's time for me to show my fists, Xiao Wu said.

OK.

No, this is not Huzi's voice. He quickly opened his eyes and saw Li Pingfan standing in front of him.

Huzi, what the hell did you do to Huzi?

Tiger?

Li Pingfan walked up to a fat man with small eyes. Is it him?

Li Pingfan stomped on Huzi's leg again, only to hear a click, and the bone broke.

what. Xiao Wu yelled, and waved his fist in front of Li Pingfan, still shouting, don't run, boy, give you a punch from Grandpa Wu, and after speaking, a fist the size of a sandbag rushed straight in front of Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan flashed sideways, and Li Pingfan suddenly felt a slight threat. This person's skills are extraordinary, and he is not at the same level as the ones he met before.

If Xiao Wu kills him, damn Xiao Wu will become a martial artist immediately, you just wait to die. Huzi said.

Li Pingfan took Xiao Wu's tricks again, it was indeed different from the previous ones, but it was still not as good as himself.

Another punch hit Li Pingfan's head. Li Pingfan kicked Xiao Wu away with all his strength, and then punched him down a few more times.

Ah, I dare not, brother, I was wrong, I will return the bag to you, I'm sorry, there is no need to be so ruthless, the brother who came out to mess around, give me a way to survive.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan did not continue to punch. Walked to Xiao Wu and picked up the bag.

It's okay to forgive you, but you have wasted me for so long, do you need to make up for something?

Brother, you can say what you want, and you can just let it go. As he said that, he took out a few hundred dollars and handed it to Li Fanfan. Li Fanfan didn't know what it was, so he didn't pick it up.

Brother, do you think it’s too little? I don’t have much cash when I go out. I can transfer it to you. Take out your phone and I’ll transfer it to your elder brother.

Li Pingfan was taken aback, he had never heard of these things.

I don't need these things, all I want is the stone in your hand.

Xiao Wu quickly took out the gift and handed it to Hanfan.com, Li Pingfan took the stone and kicked it again.

Alas, you fellow, you run so fast, it took me so long to catch up with you. The girl came running out of breath.

Where is my wife's bag?

It was only then that Li Pingfan remembered that he still had business to do.

Li Pingfan looked coldly at Xiao Wu who was on the ground again, and stretched out his foot to kick him down.

Brother, you don't talk about martial arts, you just said that you can let me go with a stone, you don't talk about integrity.

Li Pingfan smiled awkwardly when he heard this.

Sorry brother, I came here to help this girl get back what belongs to her, so please return the things you stole from her, so as not to suffer again.

Xiao Wu already had 10,000 MMP thoughts in his mind.

Forget it, you quickly returned the bag to Li Pingfan.

Brothers let's go.

Return your bag, girl, I am not an accomplice this time.

Who knows, maybe you guys colluded and returned it to me when you saw that there was really no other way, or why you ran so fast just now, maybe you have already reached some kind of deal here just now.

But you helped me get the bag back, I want to thank you, this is 200 yuan, if you take it, it will be considered as the money for this lady to treat you to dinner, and other girls call me, this lady is Li Mo you Remember it.

After speaking, he turned his head and left.

Li Pingfan was also taken aback, there is such a person, how sinister is such a person, Li Pingfan shook his head secretly.

But fortunately, today's trip was not in vain, and I got a piece of spirit stone. Although this piece of spirit stone doesn't have much spirit energy, as long as I find Zhu Lingcao, I can use these spirit herbs and spirit stones to break through Qi training One level, but Zhu Lingcao is still missing. Although this is also a low-level spiritual grass, I don’t know if there is any in this world. If not, then I may have to wait for more than a year to break through, Li Pingfan thought as he walked.

Walking to the restaurant unknowingly, Li Pingfan heard that his stomach was a little disobedient, and he couldn't help but growl.

Li Pingfan walked into the restaurant.


		