

Grandpa, you got up so early.

Xiaoqi went to ask your friend to get up for dinner.

Call him, I’m not going, it’s past eight o’clock, I’m still asleep, I’m still sleeping, like a pig, I’m going to sleep after eating.

Go, be obedient.

Bang bang bang... get up and eat.

A knock on the door came to Li Pingfan's ears, and he will come soon, Li Pingfan got up extremely fast.

Grandpa Lin, the food you cook is really delicious. Li Pingfan glanced at Lin Jiaqi, and Lin Jiaqi gave Li Pingfan a backlash.

Okay, Grandpa Lin, I'm done eating.

Xiaoqi, you should go to work too, go quickly.

Ok, then I'll go with my friend, bye, Grandpa.

Lin Jiaqi pulled Li Pingfan and walked out.

Li Pingfan, you have to find a job today. You go over there to find a job, and I will go here to find a job.

Wait a minute, can you take me to the library, Li Pingfan said.

You still have to go to the library. There are so many books in my house for you to read. It turns out that you love studying so much.

Li Pingfan answered helplessly, I have already finished reading your books.

finish watching? How is it possible, then I still have a lot in the room, I can get you some more when you come back at night, Li Pingfan wanted to talk about it and read it, but after thinking about it, it’s not right, so she knows that she has entered his room up.

Then I want to go to the library first to see if it is ok to recruit people.

Lin Jiaqi thought for a while, then nodded, and then went to the library first.

This is the largest library in the vicinity. Go and ask if you want someone else. I'll wait for you here.

Don't wait for you, you should go find a job first, I will work here, Li Pingfan replied.

You haven't even asked if you want someone, but you are working here. Who do you think you are? Are you the owner of this store? Say it's right here?

Anyway, you don't need to worry about it, I have my own way, you better go, you may not find it if it is too late, you still have one week to start school.

When Lin Jiaqi heard that school started in a week, and thought about her empty pockets, she felt a headache for a while.

Well then, I'll go first, you know the way home.

Li Pingfan nodded, knowing that you should go now.


Li Pingfan walked into the library and quickly began to browse. Everything is used here, including medical, mechanical, history, computers, and foreign languages. Li Pingfan didn't read foreign languages ​​if he couldn't understand them.

This library has three floors, and there are thousands of books on each floor. Li Pingfan went through it very quickly, and he finished half of the books on the first floor in one morning.

Seeing that it was getting dark, Li Pingfan ran back the same way he came in the morning.

Grandpa Lin, I'm back.

You still know when you come back, look at what time it is, I'm almost starving to death, grandpa said you are not allowed to eat if you don't come back, I've been tired all day, I haven't eaten yet, I'm starving to death, Grandpa is back, I'll eat first, Lin Jiaqi said.

No, you can't eat until after your friends are at the table.

Li Pingfan, hurry up and dawdle, you still want to read the book, I won’t let you read it if you are in ink.

Li Pingfan also smiled awkwardly, thinking that I had already finished watching it, and if I didn’t read it, I wouldn’t watch it.

ok come right away.

How are you doing working there? How much is it a day?

Fortunately, 150 yuan a day, Li Pingfan had expected that Lin Jiaqi would ask such a question, so he had already inquired about the salary.

After eating, Li Pingfan went to Lin Jiaqi's room and took half of the books back to his room.

Li Pingfan returned to his room and continued to practice. With the help of the aura of the last Zhu Lingcao, Li Pingfan's cultivation speed was much faster than before, but it would take some time to break through to the second level of Qi training.

Grandpa Lin, you got up so early.

Ordinary, you got up very early today, wait for a while, the food will be ready soon.

Grandpa Lin doesn't need to be so troublesome, just do something casually, Li Pingfan said.

It's nothing ordinary, Xiaoqi and I are like this every day, you can wash it first and it will be fine soon.

Li Pingfan walked around the backyard, took some vegetables and went to the kitchen.

Grandpa Lin, take a rest first, I'll make you a dish to try, Li Pingfan picked up the kitchen knife and started tinkering.

Grandpa, what did you cook today? It smells so delicious.

Today, I didn't do it, it was done by ordinary people. It seems that you are lucky today.

It's him, it smells good but I don't know how it tastes, don't even think about it, it must be unpalatable.

If it's unpalatable, don't eat it later.

Why don't you finish eating, this is my family, why can't I eat it, I will eat it, Lin Jiaqi said proudly.

Li Pingfan and Grandpa Lin laughed at the same time. After a while, all the meals were ready.

Wow, you're really good at cooking, it's so delicious, you can be a chef, I heard that chefs in five-star hotels earn 20,000 yuan a month, Lin Jiaqi said excitedly.

Li Pingfan smiled faintly, then buried himself in his meal again.

Grandpa, let's go to work.

Li Pingfan and Lin Jiaqi separated after leaving the door, and Li Pingfan still ran all the way to the library.

After Li Pingfan arrived at the library, he went directly to the second floor. He had already read all the books on the first floor yesterday. Today Li Pingfan wanted to finish reading the books on the second floor as soon as possible, and then went to the third floor to have a look.

The day passed quickly. Li Pingfan ran home all the way, and went to Lin Jiaqi's room to move all the remaining books to his own room.

Have you read all these books?

Li Pingfan said that he didn't finish watching it, but he just didn't want to watch it and wanted to change it.

Lin Jiaqi didn't think much about it either.

Li Pingfan returned to his room and recalled the life of the past two days. Li Pingfan enjoyed this kind of life very much. There were family members caring about love, caring about me, bickering and fighting. This is the life that Li Pingfan imagined. Li Pingfan felt that in the previous two thousand years, only these two days were the time that made him happy.

Grandpa Lin, I'm back.

Oh, why did you come back from the door.

Grandpa Lin, I went out and ran twice.

Just come back and sit down to eat. I'll wake Xiaoqi up. You can eat first and don't worry about us.

Li Pingfan did not sit down to eat, but was also waiting for Lin Jiaqi.

Grandpa, let's go.

Li Pingfan arrived at the library as fast as he could and ran directly to the third floor.

Alas~ I finally finished reading it. Turning to the last page, Li Pingfan was very lazy. Now Li Pingfan has an understanding of the world, what is a mobile phone, what is a computer, etc...

Now that all the theory is understood, it's time to put it into practice.

Li Pingfan looked at the clock, it was already around four o'clock in the afternoon, Li Pingfan yawned, thinking it was time to find a job.


		