

Chapter Forty Seven

The arrival of Dr. Huang

Everyone came to the ward, and there were many doctors and nurses around Mr. Li who were observing Mr. Li's situation all the time.

Lu Shengshou, my father has been in a coma for a week, please treat him now.

Lu Shengshou, are you the number one master in Binhai, Lu Shengshou?

Lu Shengshou nodded and didn't say much.

At this moment, the medical staff in the ward were stunned. They never expected that they could meet the famous Lu Shengshou today. Who is he? He is a legend in the Binhai medical field. As long as you are a medical student in Binhai There is no one who doesn't know the name of Lu Shengshou, and it is said that if you ask him to see a doctor, you have to pay at least 10 million in consultation fees before he will treat him, and it's not a door-to-door treatment. If you let him come to the doctor, you can imagine Not only do you need to be wealthy but also have connections.

Mr. Lu Shengshou Li has been in a coma for seven days and seven nights, and he still hasn’t woken up. We checked it with instruments, and it’s strange that we couldn’t find out the reason. Please, Lu Shengshou, let us open our eyes, an attending doctor said .

Yes, Lu Shengshou simply answered.

At this moment, Li Pingfan cursed inwardly, what the hell are you pretending to do? I'll see how you pretend when you make a fool of yourself.

Everyone made way for Lu Shengshou, and Lu Shengshou walked to Mr. Li's hospital bed.

Error 504 (Server Error)!!1504.That’s an error.There was an error. Please try again later.That’s all we know.

Dr. Huang is here, go and meet him quickly.

There's no need to greet Sumei, we're already here.

Come on, let me see how brother Li's condition is. Dr. Huang walked by in a hurry, and even said that even Lu Shengshou moved a step to the side and moved out of his position.

Uh, Brother Lu, I didn't expect you to come.

Haha, brother Huang, I didn't expect you to come too.

Since Brother Lu is here, I can't make a mistake. Brother Lu, please treat him first.

Brother Huang, you are too polite, even the Li family invited you here, so you can't just visit me in vain, you should take a look first.

After the two began to greet each other for a while, in the end it was Dr. Huang who checked the condition first.

After a while, Dr. Huang still shook his head, expressing that he was powerless.

Seeing such a situation, everyone in the Li family was a little depressed, and even Li Wei had tears welling up in her eyes. It seemed that she was really going to marry Lu Feng, and Li Wei felt a little lonely in her heart.

Brother Lu, my medical skills are limited and I can't see any symptoms, so you should come here. Doctor Huang shook his head helplessly.

Lu Shengshou didn't refuse, so he stepped forward to check on Mr. Li's illness. After a while, Lu Shengshou took out the silver needle and began to inject it on Mr. Li. He is a master of medical skills, at least many times better than Lu Feng, so it seems that this Lu Shengshou does have some skills.

After more than ten minutes, Lu Sheng finished applying the needles and sat aside to rest.

After another ten minutes, Mr. Li slowly opened his eyes.

Look quickly, Master Li woke up, shouted loudly, and everyone looked at Master Li on the hospital bed.

Dad, grandpa, master, everyone in the Li family shouted quickly.

Brother Guangyao. Physician Huang shouted.

Brother Huang Zhongtian, thank you for saving me.

Huang Zhongtian quickly waved his hand and said, I didn't save you, you have to thank Lu Shengshou for that.

After hearing Lu Sheng's hand, Li Yao's face changed slightly, and he looked a little unbelievable.

Thank you Lu Shengshou for saving your life, Li Yao said.

Brother Li, you don't have to be polite, our two families are about to become in-laws, and it's my duty to save you, so don't be so polite.

Hey, it really came to this point, the Lu family's treachery really succeeded, Li Yao had already guessed in his heart that it was almost inseparable, but what he didn't guess was that the one who married was not Li Mo but Li Mo. Wei.

Now that Brother Li is awake, according to what we said before, can we start holding the wedding ceremony, Lu Shengshou said.

Hey, since my Li family agreed to this matter, they have to admit it and help me get up and change clothes. Li Yao said.

dad, grandpa.

Hey, stop talking and go get ready.

After another hour, everything was ready.

Everyone came to the auditorium of the inner courtyard.

Brother Lu, please sit down, Li Yao said.

Haha, Brother Li, you are also seated.

Just as Li Yao was about to sit on the seat, he thumped, and Li Yao fell unconscious on the seat.

Dad, grandpa, everyone called.

Lu, what do you mean? It's only been an hour, why did my father faint.

Be polite to my grandfather, otherwise no one will be able to save him. Lu Feng was not in a good mood.

It was only then that the members of the Li family realized that they were indeed a little impulsive just now, but they didn't mean to apologize.

Lu Shengshou didn't care too much, he asked someone to carry him to the ward and continued to diagnose and treat Li Yao.

It's just that the diagnosis and treatment this time took a long time, and Li Yao didn't wake up. Lu Shengshou had already pricked Li Yao's body with silver needles, but there was still no sign of waking up.

It seems to Lu Shengshou that your medical skills are not good enough, Li Pingfan said playfully.

Shut up Li Pingfan, if you have the ability, come here, Lu Feng will not be angry.

I come and I come.

Li Pingfan walked to the hospital bed and pushed Lu Shengshou away.

Old thing, you really can't do it anymore, the young master will let you see what real medical skills are.

Brat, just say what you want, just you, I don't believe that your medical skills are better than mine.

Juniors of the Li family, as you can see, it's not that I stopped treating him, it was this brat who stopped letting me treat him. If something goes wrong, I will never take any responsibility.

Everyone in the Li family is a bit embarrassed, but under the current situation, three hours have passed, and it will be almost twelve o'clock. If the old man can't be saved tonight, then the funeral may be held for the old man tomorrow. Everyone in the Li family Very difficult.

However, on one side is a famous doctor who has been famous for a long time, and on the other side is a doctor brought back by his daughter. Although he doesn't know how good his medical skills are, he will never harm his own grandfather.

If it was before, they would never have believed in Li Pingfan, but it has been three hours now, and the old man has not improved a bit, so they are also very entangled now.

Little brother, are you sure you can cure my father?

I can't guarantee that I can be saved, but he will definitely not be able to save the old man. As Li Pingfan pointed to Lu Sheng's hand, I will definitely do my best.

Father, uncle, just trust him once, he will definitely save grandpa, Li Mo said firmly to the two of them at this moment.

Well, little brother, we believe you this time, if you save my father, then my Li family will not treat you badly.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, OK.

After speaking, Li Pingfan began to pick up the silver needle and prepare to start the injection.


		