

Chapter Thirty-One

vs. Zhao Chuan

With a bang punch, Zhao Chuan directly punched Li Pingfan in the face.

Li Pingfan didn't dodge either, and directly returned a punch. When the two punches collided, Li Pingfan didn't move at all, and Zhao Chuan hurriedly took a few steps back.

Zhao Chuan was in a dilemma at this time, since he had already handed over the hand, even if he lost, he had to bite the bullet.

At this time, Zhao Chuan also felt a little uneasy.

Li Pingfan still stood there without moving.

Zhao Chuan looked at Li Pingfan, his anger suddenly rose, and he was still muttering, "Impossible, it's impossible for you to fight with me and nothing will happen. It's impossible for my senior brother to do what you do. You must be pretending." , I don't believe it, Zhao Chuan punched him again as he said that.

Li Pingfan dodged sideways, and then punched Zhao Chuan in the waist.

Zhao Chuan quickly dodged, but because he was the first to attack, the impact force was too strong, so his movements were not so sensitive, but his waist was still rubbed by the fist wind.

Li Pingfan, I admit that I underestimated you, but you will not be so lucky next time, I will give you one last chance, go or not.

Li Pingfan looked at Zhao Chuan indifferently, showing a contemptuous smile.

Seeing this, Zhao Chuan's anger had reached its fixed point.

At this time, Zhao Chuan did not know how to use a kind of exercise, and Shi's own strength skyrocketed to another level.

Sure enough, he also learned the exercises. At this moment, Gou Rixin said to himself.

This is also the first time for Li Pingfan to see this kind of exercise, which also made him a little interested. After all, there is still this kind of exercise in this star field that forcibly improves his own strength. Li Pingfan is also slightly looking forward to it at this time.

Li Pingfan, you can't leave even if you want to leave this time. None of you can leave today, so you have to stay here for me.

Li Pingfan smiled playfully, then you can give it a try.

After speaking, Li Pingfan punched Zhao Chuan.

Zhao Chuan also punched down, and the two fists collided again.

Boom, Li Pingfan took a step back this time.

Haha, I will burn some paper money for you today next year, Zhao Chuan laughed.

Li Pingfan looked at Zhao Chuan as if he wanted to see a fool.

Li Pingfan hit Zhao Chuan with all his strength this time, and this time the two collided again, but this time neither side retreated, but anyone who understands knows that Zhao Chuan will not be able to hold on for a long time of.

Li Pingfan shook his head, muttering in his mouth, it seems that it still can't work, after finishing speaking, Li Pingfan used the formula to mobilize the aura of heaven and earth for himself. At this time, there is a slight change in the world, but most people can't feel it.

Li Pingfan punched again. This punch looked ordinary, but it was actually several times stronger than before.

With a bang, the two fists collided again. This time, it didn't take long for Zhao Chuan to fly out. He flew more than ten meters away before falling heavily to the ground.

Kacha, Kacha, everyone who was more than ten meters away heard the sound of bone cracking, and everyone who watched was horrified.

Li Pingfan went to Zhao Chuan and said, can I go now?

After speaking, Li Pingfan left here with Hu Yinger and the others, and he did not forget to say something before leaving.

Hurry up and call an ambulance. If you send it in time, you can save your life.

Brother Fan, I read that right, you were the one who picked them up just now. . . Su Haokai didn't continue talking.

Li Pingfan patted Su Haokai on the shoulder, and told them to send Xiaoxue home safely.

Seeing such a good thing, several people quickly agreed, especially Huang Mao, who was very excited, thinking about how to behave well.

After several people left, Li Pingfan looked at Hu Yinger.

At this time, Hu Yinger had already shed tears, looking at Li Pingfan with heartache, and wanted to reach out to touch Li Pingfan's face from time to time.

What happened to you, Hu Yinger asked.

Li Pingfan pointed to the restaurant next to him, signaling to eat and chat inside.

After the two came in, Li Fanfan told Hu Yinger that he had scratched his face, and also adjusted his appearance slightly to prevent others from finding trouble for him.

But after that, Li Pingfan was still topped by Lu Feng.

Afterwards, Li Pingfan told Hu Yinger about his recent experience.

At this time, Hu Yinger's tears were pouring down her face, and she looked at Li Pingfan with distress.

Li Pingfan comforted Hu Yinger again, and Hu Yinger recovered.

Hu Yinger also told Li Pingfan about her experience, and even told Li Pingfan about her illness.

Since the last farewell, Hu Yinger has been thinking about meeting this man in front of her every day.

It's just that I don't know what year and month it will be.

When meeting here this time, Hu Yinger thought it was a dream, so she used multiple methods to confirm that it was not a dream, and she really met the person she misses every day.

After the two finished talking, Li Pingfan checked the time, and it was almost eight o'clock, so Li Pingfan sent Hu Yinger back to the dormitory.

When leaving, Li Pingfan also reminded, don't say you know yourself in school.

Hu Yinger was about to ask why, but Li Pingfan had already walked away.

Not a while after Li Fanfan left, Li Fanfan's cell phone rang, and it was Su Haokai who called.

The two briefly said a few words. After a while, Su Haokai had found Li Fanfan.

The two went to the agreed place, Phoenix Bar.


		