

Chapter 125

Break through the four layers of Qi training

After another night, Li Pingfan's strength has returned to the original level, and his injuries have been intact. Now there is a vague tendency to break through, probably because of this spirit source stone.

Li Pingfan's aura became more and more intense. Seeing such majestic aura, the two white crystal tiger cubs didn't dare to stay by Li Pingfan's side, because they were still young and couldn't bear such a large amount of aura. Reiki baptism, otherwise it will explode and die.

Li Pingfan greedily absorbed the aura, practicing Qi at the peak of the third level, almost, just a little bit, suddenly at this moment, the aura around Li Pingfan did not rush into Li Pingfan's body crazily, but stayed around Li Pingfan .

Li Pingfan kept compressing his aura, because the aura he had absorbed before was beyond his tolerance, if he absorbed it forcefully, he would explode and die sooner or later, so Li Pingfan could only compress his own aura first.

Boom, there was a loud noise like an explosion in Li Pingfan's body. Li Pingfan knew that he had broken through the barrier of the third level of Qi training, and now he had reached the fourth level of Qi training. After that, Li Pingfan released the previously compressed spiritual energy, and instantly all Spiritual energy poured into Li Pingfan's body again.

An hour later, the aura around Li Pingfan had eased, and the two white crystal tiger cubs lay on Li Pingfan's body again.

After another hour, Li Pingfan finished his practice, opened his eyes, picked up the two white crystal tiger cubs beside him, took out a silver needle and pricked the body of the white crystal tiger cubs for a few times. The aura in the body of the two white crystal tigers has become much softer, because of the ancient times I practiced before, these two white crystal tiger cubs were beside Li Pingfan, although they left, there was still aura pouring into their bodies, and Li Pingfan These few injections can soften their aura, and then let them slowly absorb it.

After completing these, the two white crystal tiger cubs jumped up and directly crushed two rocks.

The two white crystal tigers on the side were stunned, their strength was several times stronger than when they were young.

The two white crystal tigers looked at Li Pingfan, as if they wanted to express their gratitude, but they didn't know how to express it, so they wailed twice. Li Pingfan also understood what they wanted to express, so Li Pingfan passed on The sound arrives.

You are Welcome.

The two white crystal tiger cubs also seemed to know the reason why their strength became stronger, so they swooped directly into Li Fanfan's arms, and Li Fanfan caught the two white crystal tiger cubs one by one.

Li Pingfan felt his own strength. He had already reached the peak of the fourth level of Qi training. Li Pingfan could break through to the fifth level of Qi training, but he knew that the speed of speech could not reach this level.

It's time to leave. Now that his strength has recovered and he has got such a great opportunity, he is content now, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

So Li Pingfan looked at the spiritual source stone in his hand, and thought to put the spiritual source stone in the box, but after Li Pingfan took out the box, he found a hidden compartment in the box.

Li Pingfan didn't rush to open it. After observing for a while, Li Pingfan opened the secret compartment.

After opening the secret compartment again, Li Pingfan's heart was already full of joy, because the item that appeared in front of him was exactly the space Li Pingfan needed to store the ring.

This time Li Pingfan was very happy. Li Pingfan picked up the ring and opened his consciousness to explore whether there was anything good in the ring. But after some exploration, the inside of the ring was empty. In the box, received in the Na ring.

I think it's time for me to leave. Thank you for your care during this time, Li Pingfan said to Bai Jinghu via voice transmission.

After Bai Jinghu heard this, he didn't hold back too much, because they knew that Li Pingfan didn't belong here, and he would leave sooner or later, but before leaving, they wanted to ask Li Pingfan to take the two Bai Jinghu cubs with him. Cubs, because these two white crystal tiger cubs have already cultivated the same aura as Li Pingfan, so they will become stronger by following Li Pingfan.

The two white crystal tigers also consciously climbed onto Li Pingfan's shoulders.

The place I'm going after may be dangerous, do you really want them to follow me? Li Pingfan arrived via voice transmission.

The two white crystal tigers looked at their cubs, they seemed a little bit reluctant, but they still nodded their tiger heads.

That's fine, but don't worry, I will never let them do anything.

Li Pingfan glanced at them again, this time he really wanted to leave this place.

The two white crystal tigers jumped down to their parents, rubbed their small heads against them, and then ran to Li Fanfan's shoulders, just like this is where Li Fanfan left.

After a while, the two white crystal tiger cubs let out a cry. At this moment, the two white crystal tigers in the cave heard the cry of their own children, and hurried to the direction of the sound.

After they arrived, they found that Li Pingfan was fighting with one person.

And his own child was lying on the side with injuries.

Seeing that their child was injured, the two white crystal tigers were instantly enraged. They rushed to the person who was fighting Li Pingfan and patted him down.

Li Pingfan, I didn't expect you to be involved with Bai Jinghu, okay, okay, today I will let you all be buried on Qixia Mountain.

Luo Geng, I think you have eaten too many light bulbs, and your tone has become a lot louder.

Haha, Li Pingfan, I didn't expect you to recover from such a serious injury in such a short period of time, and your strength has improved.

This is all thanks to your contributions, otherwise I would not have come to Qixia Mountain.

Haha, since you want to thank me, then you should obediently save your life, Luo Geng said.


		