

Li Pingfan shook his head with a smile.

Brother, my name is Lin Peng. I don’t know what your name is. I, Lin Peng, like to make friends the most. We will be friends in the future.

My name is Li Pingfan, please do me a little favor from Brother Lin Peng.

Just tell me what you are busy with, as long as I, Lin Peng, can do it, I will definitely do it for you.

I also hope that everyone will not tell the story of this time, and just pretend that it never happened.

Don't worry, ordinary brother, our mouths are very strict.

Thank you, if there is nothing else, I will take my leave first.

Well, I'm in Binhai Business School, you must come to me when you have time, you can rest assured that no one will dare to touch you in my territory.

At this time, Li Pingfan had already gone a long way, and he was here to complete the task, so he didn't want to get involved in too many things.

Li Pingfan returned to the dormitory and saw three other people. These three people should be Li Pingfan's roommates. One had dyed yellow hair and was about 1.75 meters tall. One of the two below is slightly fat, with a pot head, and is gnawing on a pig's trotter, and the other has eyes, and has been reading a book.

Li Pingfan smiled at them, hello, my name is Li Pingfan, and I just transferred here this semester. Li Pingfan sat down and introduced himself.

After the three of them saw Li Pingfan, they were shocked instantly. Who has such a long scar on his face, could it be the brother of some gangster brother? Damn, life will be difficult after this, the three of them Each of them is figuring out what this is.

Hello, my name is He Xi, they all call me Huangmao, this is Su Haokai, because he is a bit fat, we call him Xiaopang, he is the best student in our class, we all call him Four Eyes.

You are the nerd, hello, my name is Zhao Hui.

After that, please take care of me. After speaking, Li Pingfan ran to his own bed and fell asleep.

Today is our first day of school. I would like to introduce a new classmate to you. You should help him a lot in the future. You should introduce yourself first.

Hello everyone, my name is Li Pingfan.

The teacher looked at Li Pingfan in embarrassment. He didn't expect this student to be so interesting.

Well, everyone, hurry up and go to class.

Have you heard? Someone beat Yuan Hao yesterday, and now Yuan Hao is still lying in the hospital.

Do you know who hit it?

I don't know either, but I heard that the man who beat him had a scar on his face, so you're not talking about the new guy, are you?

Impossible, Yuan Hao, that is a warrior in the early stage of the Huang class, and his thin physique is not enough for Yuan Hao to punch.

There are too many people with scars. Look at that person over there also has a scar. Everyone around is talking about Yuan Hao being beaten yesterday. It is indeed news. Yuan Hao has been rampant in school for more than half a year. Because he was a warrior of the Huang rank, no one dared to provoke him, and Lu Feng was in the background, the grandson of Lu Shengshou, so there was nothing he could do.

The beating of Yuan Hao this time was to give a bad breath to those who had been beaten by Yuan Hao.

Hearing their discussion, Li Pingfan could only shake his head helplessly. He didn't expect to cause some troubles when he first arrived. It is conceivable that his future life will definitely not be peaceful.

In the hospital on the other side, brother Hao beat you like this, brother, go and avenge you.

Don't go, you can't beat him, I think that person should have broken through the middle stage of the Huang rank, where is Brother Feng?

With a bang, the door was pushed open, Yuan Hao, are you alright? I heard you were beaten, I took the nearest plane and dared to come here, you said who beat you like this, I must kill him, damn even dare to touch my Lu Feng people, I think he is Impatient to live.

Brother Feng, he should be a warrior in the middle stage of the Huang rank.

In the middle of the yellow rank, Haozi, don't worry, I will avenge you, even if he is the king of heaven, I will let him taste the feeling of being cut off. After speaking, Lu Feng picked up his mobile phone and dialed a number.

Uncle Hu, I want to trouble you with a small matter. Lu Feng exaggerated the matter to Uncle Hu.

Xiaofeng, don't worry about this matter, leave it to me, tell me what is his name?

Yuan Hao, what's that kid's name?

We really don't know his name, but he has a long scar on his face, and he is also from our school. Wang Tie and the others have seen it, so they must know who it is.

Uncle Hu, let me ask you first, and I will send you the information in a while, and I must not let my dad know about this matter, thank you, Uncle Hu.

Well, don't worry, I know what to do. After speaking, Uncle Hu hung up the phone.

What Wang Tie asked you to inquire about yesterday, how did it go, and who is he?

His name is Li Pingfan, he is from the Department of Traditional Chinese Medicine. I have already sent you his photo. I don’t know anything else.

That's enough, okay, you continue to inquire about him, I want him to know what will happen if he offends me.

And at one end of the school.

Four eyes, the old rules, the homework for this semester will be handed over to you, several people clapped four eyes, looked at each other and smiled.

Well, there are too many of you this time, I, I can't finish it by myself, so I said cautiously with my four eyes.

Four eyes went to eat, Xiaopang shouted.

Oh, wait a minute, right now.

Sensible, you two, get out, don't let us do it to you.

Where are you going, four eyes, if you don't finish this matter, do you think you can go?

Xiaopang and Huangmao dared not speak out, so they could only move slowly.

As soon as they walked out, they were pushed forward. They turned their heads and saw that it was their new roommate.

Damn you two didn't leave yet, are you looking for death? After speaking, you stretched out your hand to call, and the two of you quickly closed your eyes.

Guys, why are you so impulsive? Li Pingfan grabbed the calling hand and held it tightly again. Li Pingfan exerted a little force, and seemed to hear the faint sound of bones breaking.

Ah, you let me go, damn, if you have the guts, let me go, I will definitely beat you to death, ah...it hurts, brother, I beg you, let me go, I beg you.

Only then did Li Pingfan let go, and we went to eat after we left, Li Pingfan talked to them.

Four eyes cautiously walked to Li Pingfan's side and walked towards the cafeteria.


		