

Chapter 171

Desperately

Ahhhhhhhhh, Chen Ye yelled, and then stared at Li Pingfan with a strong murderous look in his eyes.

Without any nonsense, Chen Ye directly attacked Li Pingfan.

Boom, Chen Ye punched out.

With just a simple punch, Li Pingfan instantly felt a strong coercion coming towards him. Li Pingfan knew that he was no match, but it was impossible for him to escape now.

Li Pingfan had no choice but to bite the bullet and take Chen Ye's attack.

Boom, Li Pingfan also punched.

Before Chen Ye's fist could touch Li Pingfan's fist, Li Pingfan was blown away dozens of steps by the powerful energy impact.

Boom, the defense in front of Li Pingfan was easily broken by Chen Ye.

This kind of strength at least has the strength of the foundation period, Li Pingfan sighed inwardly.

But who is Li Pingfan, he can live for thousands of years, he has never seen such a big storm, a small foundation building strength, and wants to kill himself, I am afraid it is not enough.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique to increase his speed to the extreme, dodging Chen Ye's attack.

The two faced off for dozens of rounds.

Humph, boy, it's over, you can rest in peace.

Chen Ye raised his hand and slapped Li Pingfan's whole body as if he was imprisoned, unable to move at all. This kind of technique is many times stronger than Zhou Wu's.

Li Pingfan couldn't break through time at all.

As for Chen Ye, he didn't hold back the slightest bit, and punched Li Pingfan directly, and murmured, "Go to hell with me."

Ah, break it for me, Li Pingfan, gathered all his aura, spewed out in an instant, broke Chen Ye's spell, and then quickly threw a punch.

Bang, squeak, squeak, the sound of bone cracking came.

Li Pingfan took out a silver needle and instantly sealed his right arm.

Hahahahahaha, kid, I suddenly don't want you to die so easily, let's play slowly, hahahahaha, Chen Ye showed a wicked smile.

Li Pingfan looked at Chen Ye calmly, and sneered in his heart, haha, I never thought that I, a dignified immortal cultivator, would end up in this world like this, hahahahaha, Li Pingfan kept laughing in his heart, and there was a hint of evil spirit on the corner of his mouth smile.

Recalling the past two thousand years, when Li Pingfan was like this, basically he was crushing others, and when he encountered someone he couldn't beat, he could use secret techniques to escape, but now, the energy consumed by secret techniques The aura is too huge for Li Pingfan to use. Even if he uses it, he will eventually be overtaken. At that time, he will be a fish on the chopping board, ready to be slaughtered.

Let me think about it, the next blow, which part of you will be broken? Chen Ye touched his chin and thought.

Right here, Chen Ye kicked it out.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to hesitate, and instantly gathered his aura on his right foot, and kicked it out at the same time.

Bang, Li Pingfang flew hundreds of meters away.

Swish, Chen Ye came to Li Pingfan in an instant and stepped out.

Click, squeak, and two more.

Li Pingfan's right leg was also broken.

Li Pingfan took out a silver needle to seal his right leg, and stood up with difficulty.

come again.

Hahahahaha, good, good, good tenacity, I like it very much.

Boom, another blow, Li Pingfan broke his left hand.

Because Li Pingfan had already sealed the five senses of his body with silver needles, so Li Pingfan didn't feel any pain from the blow at this moment.

Li Pingfan continued to get up and shouted, Come again.

Hahahaha, very good, very good, I don't want to kill you anymore now, I want to play with you slowly, that's the fun, hahahaha, Chen Ye laughed like a madman.

Then came a blow.

Boom, Li Pingfan's limbs have all been broken by Chen Ye at this moment, but because there are silver needles to seal it, there is no problem with Li Pingfan's actions in a short period of time, and his own aura is also repairing Li Pingfan's injuries .

Boom, another blow from Chen Ye.

Li Pingfan flew upside down for several hundred meters again.

Pfft, a mouthful of blood spewed out.

Next, Li Pingfan said with difficulty.

Bang, another blow.

come again.

Boom.

come again.

come again.

come again.

Li Pingfan was bombarded more than 20 times, and Chen Ye beat Li Pingfan ten kilometers away.

At this moment, Li Pingfan got up slowly again, and whispered in his mouth, come again.

Although the voice was not loud, its tenacious will was unmatched by all the people present.

If this person is not removed, Qixia Sect will perish, the fourth elder said at this time.

Everyone also nodded involuntarily and said, fortunately, he will die today, and I, Qixia Sect, will be safe and sound, said the third elder.

Sect master, kill him to avoid future troubles, the fourth elder shouted at this time.

Chen Ye turned his head and stared at the Fourth Elder. The Fourth Elder was so frightened that he quickly shut up and didn't dare to say any more words. Seeing this, the people around him also shut their mouths tightly, and even breathed a lot softer.

Li Pingfan, it seems that we can't play anymore, as you can see, they want me to kill you immediately, but I can't help it, so you'd better go die, Chen Ye wanted to do it again after saying that.

Hahahahahahaha, at this moment Li Pingfan laughed.

What are you laughing at, boy.

Hahahahaha.

what are you laughing at.

Hahahahaha, I laugh at you, you are also a senior in the first world, and you actually want to kill a little monk like me, Qixiamen seems to be mediocre, hahahahahaha.

Laugh, laugh, even if my Qixia Clan is ridiculed by others, it would be like letting a talented young man like you grow up, otherwise my Qixia Clan will be wiped out by you in a few decades, just wait and see You come to destroy me, but kill you directly in the cradle, so that I, Qixiamen, can exist in the world forever.

Hahaha, forever in the world, if I don't die, I will kill Qixiamen.

So, you are going to die soon, tell me if you have any last words, I can pass them on to you.

Li Pingfan got up slowly again, and continued, "Come on again.

Boom, Chen Ye struck out instantly, and at this moment, the spiritual energy from Chen Ye's body gushed out instantly, gathering on this punch. Chen Ye's blow directly wanted Li Pingfan's life.

But just as the fist was about to approach Li Pingfan, a big cauldron manifested between Li Pingfan's brows.


		