

Chapter 60

Feng Zhenghao is here again

No, it's impossible, how could you hurt me, I don't believe it, Lei Qingtian said in disbelief.

Brother Qingtian, Zhang Shaohuang brought Uncle Liu to Lei Qingtian's side, the three of them seemed to be discussing something, their voices were so low that no one around could hear them.

It's just that this can't be hidden from Li Pingfan at all. Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness and heard all their conversations clearly.

Brother Qingtian, if you team up with Uncle Liu, he is absolutely no match for you.

What, let me team up to deal with a little boy, if those people know about it, I still have the face to hang out in the Wumeng.

Brother Qingtian, as long as you kill him together, no one will know that you and Uncle Liu jointly killed him, and we can just say that you killed him yourself.

Zhang Shaohuang looked at Qingtian's eyes, only to see that Qingtian's eyes were fixed on everyone except Li Pingfan.

Brother Qingtian, you can rest assured that as long as Li Pingfan dies here tonight, I assure you that none of these people will speak out.

Although Qingtian couldn't accept joining forces with others, he couldn't accept his failure even more, and he was defeated by a brat, so Qingtian had no choice but to agree.

But what they didn't expect was that Li Pingfan listened to their conversation verbatim.

Why did you decide to play two against one? Li Pingfan said.

This surprised the three of Zhang Shaohuang, wondering how he would know, their voices were so small that only the three of them could hear them, but how could these be heard by Li Pingfan? Did not want to understand.

What, are you scared? Zhang Shaohuang said.

I'm afraid it's not. Hurry up and make a call. After the call, go home and go to bed. Li Pingfan yawned and said impatiently.

Crazy, boy, don't blame us for bullying you, today is your death day.

Boom, there was only a loud noise, and Li Pingfan shot directly, hitting Uncle Liu to the ground with one punch.

Qingtian was stunned, and there was only one thought in his mind, that it was too fast, and he would never be able to reach such a speed.

At this moment, Qingtian realized how naive he was. The person in front of him fought with him just now, and he didn't use his full strength at all. If he had used his full strength before, Qingtian knew that he would definitely not be able to last ten rounds.

Uncle Liu, Zhang Shaohuang called out in a panic.

Zhang Shaohuang can be very indifferent to other people, but he has a different feeling for Uncle Liu who has been protecting him since he was a child.

Zhang Shaohuang quickly ran to Uncle Liu and helped him up.

What, do you want to continue? Li Pingfan said to Qingtian.

Qing Tian just wanted to continue to speak harshly, but thinking of the time before, Qing Tian choked back the words that came to his lips.

Jingle Bell.

At this moment, a mobile phone rang.

After a while, Qingtian answered the phone.

What are you doing Qingtian, it took so long to answer the phone.

Deacon me, me.

What's the matter, what's going on, is there anyone who dares to touch people from our Wumeng, where are you?

I'm in Room 0088, Phoenix Bar.

It just so happened that I was also at the Phoenix Bar, so you waited for me and hung up the phone after you finished speaking.

It's just that these words were also heard by Li Pingfan.

Qingtian just wanted to shout, but he just thought about Li Pingfan before, he swallowed again, and didn't continue talking.

bang bang bang.

After a while, there was another knock on the door.

Qingtian wanted to open the door, but he was afraid that Li Pingfan would take advantage of this time to do something, so he didn't dare to open the door.

At this time, Zhang Shaohuang couldn't bear it anymore, and went to open the door by himself.

Wind Deacon.

Of course Zhang Shaohuang knew this person, after all, they were all well-known figures in Binhai, but one was in business and the other was in the martial arts world.

After Deacon Feng came in, the first thing he saw was Li Pingfan, and then he looked at Qingtian who was standing not far from him, and saw him standing there stupidly, which was quite different from before. One of those things.

It must be because his junior brother was defeated by Li Pingfan, and he couldn't accept the failure.

Deacon Feng nodded at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan returned the gift in the same way.

Zhang Shaohuang looked a little different in this operation. Could it be that they knew each other? If so, then I am afraid that I will suffer a loss in this matter today.

Qingtian, let's go, Deacon Feng said to Qingtian.

Deacon, this matter.

I said go.

Deacon Feng, brother Qingtian is also helping me, please don't blame him. Zhang Shaohuang said.

Young Master Zhang, I don't want to take care of your affairs, but I don't want my Wumeng to get involved in this matter, so please don't involve my Wumeng in your future grievances with him. Deacon Feng even pointed out Li Pingfan.

Brother Li, my junior brother has caused you trouble.

Deacon Feng laughed.

Brother Li, since I have come here, I still want to remind you that you have to be forgiving and forgiving. If you messed with him, you must

You will cause yourself a lot of trouble.

Deacon Feng, if your friend is hijacked and wants to defile her, what will you do?

Brother Li, that's all I have to say, it's up to you whether you listen or not.

Let's go tomorrow.

Brother Li said goodbye.

do not send.


		