

Chapter 138

Wuxin Pavilion

At the last minute, you have to think about it. Wang Bolin said.

Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three.

Two seniors, at this moment, the Deputy Hall Master of the Asura Hall spoke.

What, do you want to try it?

No, I just want to reason with the two seniors.

Reasonable, hahahahaha, everyone in Qixiamen and Wang family burst out laughing.

Hahaha, you are reasoning with us? Hahaha, are you making us laugh? Reason, hahaha, we are reason here, you are not qualified to reason with us, understand? Zhang Heng said.

The Vice-Hallmaster of Shura Palace hated his teeth so much, he never thought that even a junior would dare to show off his might in front of him, he had never been so humiliated in his life, he was a majestic heaven-rank warrior after all, but he would be threatened by a junior, he hated Ah, but dare not express it.

The deputy hall master said again respectfully, two seniors, I don't think this place should be your private area.

So what, Liu Ran said.

After Liu Ran finished speaking, she saw Wang Bolin next to her looking at her like that, and then Liu Ran realized that she might have said something wrong.

Since this is not your private area, why do you want to forcibly drive us away?

Furthermore, the items here are also ownerless. Since they are ownerless, they should be owned by whoever has the ability to get them. Is your approach a bit unnatural?

This time Liu Ran didn't speak first, but looked at Wang Bolin.

Good, good, good, Wang Bolin said hello three times.

Since you said that someone who is capable will know, then I, Mr. Wang, would like to ask you a lesson or two to see who is more capable among us.

The deputy hall master knows that he may not be his opponent, but at present this is the only way. If not, everyone will go down the mountain, and this white crystal tiger must belong to them.

And as long as people like myself are going up the mountain, there is a chance to get the White Crystal Tiger.

Just as the deputy hall master was distracted for a while, Wang Bolin's attack had already hit the deputy hall master.

Just as the deputy hall master reacted, he dodged the attack, but his arm was still rubbed.

If you dare to lose your mind when fighting against me, try this trick of mine.

With a flick of Wang Bolin's finger, a sword composed of aura pierced towards the deputy hall master.

The deputy hall master used his own skills, and punched the sword head-on, flying towards the sword in front of him, and it was smashed to pieces.

There are indeed some skills, Wang Bolin said.

Boom, the deputy hall master punched Wang Bailin out while Wang Bolin was speaking.

Haha, the mantis is too big to act like a car.

Wang Bolin punched out at the same time.

Boom, at this moment, the people around took a few steps back one after another, and even the rocks on the side were shattered by such an attack.

With this blow, Wang Bolin didn't move at all, while the deputy hall master took several steps back.

Afterwards, the two faced off with more than a dozen attacks again, but the deputy hall master was still retreating steadily, but he was not injured.

Old guy, you only have this ability. If you want to kill me, I think you are still far behind.

You scum of the secular world still dare to question my strength, okay, okay, since you want to die so much, this old man will let you die without a place to bury you.

Wang Bolin let out a roar, and his aura rose again.

Go to hell, Wang Bolin grabbed it with his big hand.

A big hand evolved from aura appeared around the deputy hall master, grabbing towards the deputy hall master.

The deputy hall master just wanted to fight back, but this big hand was too close to him. If he made a rash move, he might hurt himself. The deputy hall master used his skills to increase his speed to the extreme, and quickly dodged the big hand .

Seeing that the blow was unsuccessful, Wang Bolin grabbed again.

The deputy hall master continued to dodge, and then there was a scene of an eagle catching a chicken.

Some people around laughed.

But when they thought that the person on their side was the chick, they held back again.

Why do you only know how to run away, why does it feel like you are being chased around by me like a chicken, Wang Bailin said sarcastically.

Hearing these words, the Vice-Hall Master's anger soared in an instant. He was already miserable enough, but he still had to be ridiculed. Who could bear it.

Vice-Hall Master, while continuing to dodge, look for opportunities.

Boom, at this moment, the deputy hall master seized the opportunity and punched Wang Bolin, because at this moment Wang Bolin was still complacent, without any defenses, and he never expected that his opponent would attack him like this .

Fortunately, Wang Bolin is also a strong man of the heaven rank, so he escaped the blow of the deputy hall master, but he was still scratched by the fist wind.

Brother Wang, are you okay, Liu Ran asked pretendingly.

Hehe, old guy, I see how you can earn the ownership of Bai Jinghu with me now, Liu Ran thought to herself.

Wang Bolin took a look at Liu Ran and understood what Liu Ran was thinking, so he said, Brother Liu, this person is not weak, come and try two tricks with him.

Of course Liu Ran understood Wang Bolin's little thoughts.

Why don't our colleagues do it.

Wang Bolin nodded in agreement.

Afterwards, the two attacked the deputy hall master at the same time.

Just when the attacks of the two men were attacking in front of the eyes of the deputy hall master, a wall of light transformed from aura resisted the attacks of the two men.

Two old brothers, it's a little unkind for you to bully people like this, a woman's voice full of vicissitudes came.

After a while, a middle-aged woman in a gorgeous dress walked in from the outside.

Wuxin Pavilion and Yu Xiaorou said in unison.

Yu Xiaorou, do you Wuxin Pavilion also have to take this muddy water?

This is natural, my Wuxin Pavilion is just short of a mountain guard beast, so I ask the two old brothers to be humble.

Yu Xiaorou, others don't know, but they do know that this girl entered the Heavenly Rank at the age of forty, and although she has only been in the Heavenly Rank for a short time, her strength is by no means underestimated.

Yu Xiaorou, I'm afraid I can't agree to your request.

So it seems that the two old brothers are going to fight me.


		