

gambling!

Then what kind of gamble do you want, Liu San looked at Li Pingfan, and thought to himself, let's see what tricks you want to play.

Li Pingfan showed a playful smile, as if expressing that this good show has just begun.

Li Pingfan said, if I treat Miss Yinger as good as before within a stick of incense, then you will slap yourself in public and call yourself a liar. If I don't cure Miss Ying Er's illness within a stick of incense, then I will...

Before Li Pingfan finished speaking, Doctor Liu shouted, then you should kneel at my feet and kowtow to me, and yell at all the villagers that you are a dog.

At this moment, a trace of murderous intent appeared in Li Pingfan's eyes, but it was quickly hidden.

Looking at Liu San playfully again, are you so sure that you can beat me?

Liu San was indeed unsure of defeating Li Pingfan before, but he heard that he would be completely cured within a stick of incense, that is simply a fantasy, impossible, even if his master came It's also impossible, Liu San knows his master's ability, and he thought that he could save the lives of dying people back then.

But I gave Hu Yinger the elixir refined by my master before, but I didn't see any improvement, and my condition worsened. It can be seen that this disease is not an ordinary disease. If it wasn't for the three-color flower and green snake, I would have left a long time ago Now, but it's okay now, the three-color flower and green snake has been obtained, so it can be regarded as living up to the master's entrustment.

Stop talking nonsense, we are all waiting for you to start, if you admit defeat now, I will not make it difficult for you, just bark twice, tell us big guys to listen, it can be regarded as a relief for us.

Hearing this, many people who supported Miracle Doctor Liu laughed coquettishly.

Haha, Li Pingfan laughed loudly at this time, as if he was laughing, this group of stupid people glanced at Liu San again, and said lightly, I suddenly don't want you to kneel down again, I want you to taste it too Ms. Er's pain.

Having said that, I went to Hu Yinger.

Li Pingfan asked Huber whether there was a silver needle in Huber's house.

Huber also just came back to his senses, and quickly replied, "There are some, there are silver needles, ordinary friends, wait for me to get them, and then leave the room after saying this."

After a while, Huber came out of the room and took out a pack of silver needles and handed it to Li Pingfan. Li Pingfan respectfully thanked him.

After Li Pingfan lit a stick of incense, another third of it went away. Everyone was really puzzled when they saw Li Pingfan's operation.

Li Pingfan smiled playfully at Dr. Liu.

At this moment, Liu San felt a kind of extreme fear in his mind. He knew that he was doomed. Now he was really praying silently in his mind, hoping that Li Pingfan would not cure her.

Li Pingfan looked at Ms. Yinger and said, Miss Yinger offended, please take off your clothes, you don’t have to take off all of them, I’m going to give you an injection next time, you may feel weak all over later, and you’ll feel a little weak later Pain, bear with it, it will be fine soon.

Hu Yinger nodded slightly.

Li Pingfan took out the silver needles and quickly dropped the needles on Hu Yinger's body. Soon ninety-nine eighty-one silver needles were inserted all over the body, really like a hedgehog.

The main reason is that there are no knowledgeable people present. If there are knowledgeable people present, it can be seen that Li Fanfan is using the "Nine-Nine Guiyuan Needle". Every stitch must be just right, neither deep nor shallow. If there is a deviation in one stitch, it is not Returning to Yuan, but returning to heaven.

At this time, Li Pingfan sat cross-legged next to Hu Yinger, and performed "Zhuan Lingjue" over and over again. This kind of magic technique transfers the aura of heaven and earth to those who need it. The biggest advantage of this kind of magic technique is that it can Converting it to mortals can make this aura softer, but the downside is that you will lose your cultivation.

But who is Li Pingfan? It can be an existence that almost became a fairy in the last life. Li Pingfan made changes to this exercise. External processing can be directly transported to the body of the person in need without using oneself as a conductor, but the aura transported is very limited, almost negligible, but it is already a lot for ordinary people, and the aura of the world is inherently thin , even less can be delivered.

But for Hu Yinger's current condition, these are enough.

Li Pingfan slowly opened his eyes, stood up, pulled out the silver needle on Hu Yinger's body, and when the last silver needle was pulled out, the incense just burned out.

Seeing that Hu Yinger hadn't woken up when the incense was burned out, Liu San was so happy that he thought of Li Pingfan kneeling at his feet for a while.

Liu San laughed loudly, it seems that Xiaoyou's medical skills are only average, the posture just now looked really bluffing, I didn't expect it to be like that, why do you want to kneel down and kowtow?

Then he laughed again.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan shook his head helplessly. Li Pingfan put Hu Yinger's clothes on, then put away the silver needle, took another silver needle and talked to Liu San, and the silver needle passed through quickly. , Ingested Liu San's arm, this movement was so small that no one saw it, and Li Pingfan also believed that no one would see it, not even Huber who was closest to him.

Liu San patted his arm, but he didn't care, and continued to shout.

Just when Liu San wanted to speak, he suddenly felt that his voice had changed and became very hoarse, and at that moment he felt as if his life had been taken away.

Liu San looked at his hands, but didn't see anything unusual. At this moment, he saw that the villagers looked at him in the wrong way, so he yelled at the villagers what was wrong and who was talking.

The moment Liu San looked at Hu Yinger, Hu Yinger moved. He stood up slowly and straightened his clothes.

She wanted to speak, but she closed her mouth again. She was afraid that her voice would still be the same as before. She was very scared, and looked at Li Pingfan again. Li Pingfan said to her gently, don't be afraid, your illness is over. Alright, you can speak now, gave her a positive look, Hu Yinger nodded, and said, thank you.

At this time, everyone was stunned, and Liu San's chin grew so big that he was afraid that he would have hallucinations, so he slapped himself hard.

Ah, at this moment, an unbearable sound came into everyone's ears, waking them up again, so frightened that they covered their ears for fear of hearing such a sound.

Only then did Liu San realize that the unbearable sound just now came from himself, and he thought of Li Pingfan saying that he would let him experience the pain of Miss Hu Yinger. underfoot.


		