

Chapter 113

commune

What advice does Patriarch Nalan have?

Little friend, I do have some things that I need to discuss with you. Is it convenient for you?

Li Pingfan knew that what he wanted to negotiate with him was nothing more than his own spells.

Li Pingfan thought for a while and looked at Lin Jiaqi beside him, and said to Lin Jiaqi, wait for me here for a while, I will go chat with Patriarch Nalan for a while, Li Pingfan said.

Lin Jiaqi nodded.

After speaking, Li Pingfan walked in the direction of Nalan Jie.

If Patriarch Nalan has something to say, Li Pingfan said.

Little friend, this is not a place to talk, why don't we talk in another place, what do you think?

Li Pingfan didn't refuse either, and followed Nalan Jie to a room.

Nalan Yu and Liang Chen came in with them.

Patriarch Nalan has something to say, Li Pingfan said.

Ordinary friend, I think you should know what I want to know.

Sure enough, they already know their identities, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Yes, I do know.

But why should I tell you?

Haha, Nalan Jie laughed, ordinary little friend, since you came to Liangzhou, you must have some questions you want to ask me, how about we have an exchange? Nalan Jie said with a smile.

Indeed, the reason why Li Pingfan came to Liangzhou was that he wanted to ask Nalan Jie some questions. He wanted to know their fake magic techniques.

Li Pingfan didn't speak.

Seeing that Li Pingfan has been silent, Nalan Jie said again, of course, as long as we reach a cooperation, in Liangzhou, Nalan Jie and the Liang family will do our best to protect you.

Li Pingfan continued to remain silent.

Nalanjie saw that Li Pingfan still didn't speak, and he couldn't figure out what the young man in front of him was thinking. So he spoke again.

Presumably you don't know that there is a branch of Shura Hall in Liangzhou, if they know your true identity, they will definitely hunt you down.

Hearing about Shura Palace, Li Pingfan frowned.

Nalan Jie is also an old fox, after seeing this tiny detail, he immediately continued.

The reason why they haven't killed you yet is because your appearance has changed and they haven't found you yet. I don't know if you still remember the battle between you and Yu'er just now.

Presumably at this moment, the video of the battle between you and Yu'er has already been placed on the table in Shura Hall.

Li Pingfan sighed inwardly, it wasn't all your fault.

After that, Li Pingfan showed a helpless expression and said, well, I am willing to exchange.

Seeing Li Pingfan's expression, Nalan Jie was very speechless, thinking that you boy, you are obviously a good boy, but you still look like you are at a disadvantage, Nalan Jie also shook his head secretly.

After the two parties reached a consensus, Li Fanfan and Nalan Jie agreed to visit Nalan's house three days later.

After chatting for a few more words, they walked out of the room.

After several people came to the previous place, everyone stared at Young Master Liang with huge eyes.

At this moment, Young Master Liang was kneeling on the ground opposite Lin Jiaqi, begging Lin Jiaqi's forgiveness bitterly.

Nalan Jie's performance was quite solemn, but a smile appeared on the corner of Nalan Yu's mouth, because Liang Chen was there, so Nalan Yu tried his best not to smile.

The one with the ugliest face was of course Liang Chen, he never thought that his son would be so hopeless.

In fact, Young Master Liang couldn't be blamed for this, because he had been slapped by Li Pingfan. He knew how terrifying it was, and now thinking about it, he was still afraid.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan hurriedly stepped forward to support Liang Shao.

Liang Shaoda doesn't have to be like this, as long as you behave yourself in the future.

At this moment, Young Master Liang also saw his father and the others come out, lowered his head and walked aside.

Li Pingfan looked at everyone and said, since there is nothing else, we will leave first.

Nalanjie nodded.

After speaking, Li Pingfan pulled Lin Jiaqi up and walked out the door.

Li Pingfan, where are you going to escape?

A familiar voice came to Li Pingfan's ears.

It was Deacon Li of Shura Palace who said this.

After that, several familiar figures appeared at the door, as well as several unfamiliar faces.

After hearing the words Li Pingfan, Liang Shao, who had been lowering his head all the time, looked up at Li Pingfan. He was shocked and thought, no wonder, he was the number one in the Martial Arts Conference, how stupid he was to find him Trouble.

The fact that Li Pingfan was number one in the Martial Arts Tournament was already known to every family, but it was limited to most families. They didn't know about some ordinary people, such as Lin Jiaqi.

Li Pingfan looked at the crowd walking towards him. Pointing to himself, said, are you talking to me? But I don't know Li Pingfan.

My name is Li Fan, please clarify, please.

Li Pingfan, don't pretend. As he spoke, Deacon Li took out his mobile phone and clicked on a video for Li Pingfan to watch.

Li Pingfan thought that sure enough, what Nalan Jie said was right, after he fought Nalan Yu, this video had already landed on the table of Shura Hall.

But what Li Pingfan didn't expect was that they came so quickly.

Now that Deacon Li has already taken out the video, Li Pingfan can't pretend to be anything.

So Li Pingfan said, Deacon Li, your actions are really fast.

Haha, Li Pingfan, why don't you pretend? Do you know you are going to die?

But you said that I acted fast, in fact, all of this is fate, it just so happens that Liangzhou is under the jurisdiction of Elder Wang, because I want to hunt you down, so I also came to Liangzhou.

Are you so confident that you can keep me?

Of course, you can't escape this time, Deacon Li said angrily.

Li Pingfan shook his head secretly, turned to Nalan Jie and said, Patriarch Nalan and the others want to kill me, please help.

Ordinary friends, of course.

Deacon Li, with this old man here, you guys can't move today. Ordinary little friend has a hair.

Nalan Jie, do you also want to intervene in this matter? Elder Wang said.

Wang Yao, my Nalan family has never been afraid of anyone in Liangzhou, Nalan Jie said.

Nalan Jie, are you really going to put the entire Nalan family on this dying man? Wang Yao pointed to Li Pingfan and said.

Wang Yao, these are not things you can worry about, anyway, today you can't do anything to him no matter what.

Okay, okay, Nalan Jie, I want to see how long you can protect him. After speaking, Wang Yao led the people away from this place.


		