

Chapter Thirty-Three

Find

Wu Yanxia gave Yan Lu a look at this moment.

Yan Lu briefly explained the matter to Li Pingfan, and now they shifted their suspicions to Lu Feng.

You may not know much about this place. On the surface, this bar only has six floors, but in fact there is another floor, Wu Yanxia said.

There is also the basement floor. Few people in Binhai know about this place, but everyone who knows is a prominent figure in Binhai. Are you sure you want to go?

So what other options do I have now?

Wu Yanxia said with a faint smile, it is true that you have no room left, so I will wait for your good news.

Li Pingfan didn't even take another look, and left here.

Sister Xia, do you really believe him? There are three warriors in the middle of the Huang rank below. Can he really do it?

So what can I do now? If I make a move now, it will definitely affect the Wu family, so I can only trust him for the time being.

If he didn't rescue Li Mo, then. . .

Yan Lu didn't continue talking.

If they were not rescued, then I would be the only one to go. I guess they would not dare to tear themselves apart, after all, they don't want to have another enemy at this time.

Sister Xia, what should Su Haokai do?

You must send him back safely.

Li Fanfan has also reached the negative first floor, Li Fanfan unfolded his spiritual consciousness and explored seriously.

At this moment, a man suddenly appeared in front of Li Pingfan, with big arms and round waist, he looked like a Lianjiazi at first glance, Li Pingfan could also feel that this person was extraordinary, at least he was much stronger than Zhao Chuan.

Yo, Brother Dao, is this coming to life again?

At this time, two more appeared from behind Li Pingfan, and their strength was comparable to the previous one.

Sure enough, this woman still didn't tell everything, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Boy, tell me, how did you get in, said the man who thought he looked younger.

Li Pingfan took out a black card from his belt.

Lu family, who are you? I have seen everyone from the Lu family who can enter here, who are you?

Li Pingfan said calmly, I am new to the Lu family, and Master Lu Feng asked me to bring him some things.

You can keep things, I will deliver them for you, and you can leave now.

That can't be done, Master Lu Feng said, this thing must be handed over to him in person, and I would like to ask all the elder brothers to give my young master a face.

Hahaha, at this moment, a man with golden eyes suddenly laughed.

Li Pingfan, when did you become a servant of the Lu family? It's really ridiculous.

Li Pingfan did not expect that he would be found out so quickly.

Since you all understand the purpose of my coming, I advise you to tell me the location of Lu Feng, otherwise, I believe you will not see the sun tomorrow.

If they were students, Li Pingfan would not kill them, but Li Pingfan would not show mercy to these people.

At the same time, Wu Yanxia was startled for a moment, as if she had thought of something.

Yan Lu, go and check the tasks on the dark web.

Sister Xia's tenth mission has been accepted.

Because there will be no information on the top-ranked missions on the dark web. Only after the two parties meet and accept the missions will they know what their missions are. However, if their family is powerful, they will also know the general content of the missions.

So at this moment, Wu Yanxia and Yan Lu showed surprised expressions at the same time.

Sister Xia can't, is he the one to accept the task?

Quick, tell me about his coming to school again.

Yan Lu told Wu Yanxia everything she knew about Li Pingfan, and it didn't take very long, after all, Li Pingfan hadn't been in school for long.

I'm now sure he's the one.

Let's go, we can go to him now, I believe Uncle Li will definitely find the right person.

Wu Yanxia's mood is much better now.

Yan Lu, do you think he really wants to be alone?

Indeed, I thought he looked like a human being from the first time I saw him, but I just can't remember it.

You cover his scar and think about it.

Yan Lu suddenly thought of something.

Sister Xia, is he the one who treated the old man of the Li family on the street?

It's not sure yet, you send someone to investigate carefully, you must remember, don't leak any information.

Yan Lu nodded solemnly, and the two went downstairs together.

At this moment, Li Pingfan had already fought against the three of them.

The three of them teamed up and didn't get any advantage, and they were even beaten by Li Fanfan all the time. What they didn't know was that Li Fanfan was still letting them in. It's dead now.

Boy, look at me because we underestimated you. You really have two brushes. Next, I'm going to get serious.

Brothers, don't hide and choke, if you don't beat him to death, we will explain to you here, the man with the golden eyes said.

After several people heard it, the power in their bodies seemed to surge again, and they rushed towards Li Pingfan at the same time.

The corner of Li Pingfan's mouth raised a smirk. At this moment, Li Pingfan used his skills, and his handprints kept changing, mobilizing the aura of heaven and earth, just hitting everyone with a punch. There was no move, just this plain punch, The three people rushing from the opposite side all fell to the ground abruptly.

Sure enough, it was you, and at the same time, a crisp sound floated from a distance.


		