

Chapter 71

carry away next

Alright, I, Wu Zhiguo, will accept the bet.

It's just that there are only two people under the age of 30 in the younger generation of my Wu family.

This is easy to say, you can go and ask for foreign aid.

With that said, Wu Zhiguo walked up to Li Pingfan and invited him to join.

Li Pingfan didn't refuse either, he just wanted to try their inheritance of skills, maybe it would be helpful to him.

After inviting Li Pingfan, the number of martial arts contestants will be determined, namely, Xiao Bo, Wu Yanxia and Li Pingfan.

And Liu Zhen's side is obvious, because this time Liu Zhen brought three people and an old man, this old man must be Jiang Yan among the people, and the remaining three must be the protagonists of this martial arts competition .

The candidate has been determined, so tell me what the rules of the contest are, Wu Zhiguo said.

rules? It's a group arena, where one side plays one player until the other side is beaten to death or surrenders voluntarily.

What killed them? Everyone in the Wu family looked at Xiao Bo and Wu Yanxia, ​​feeling inexplicably worried.

Liu Zhen, this is too vicious.

Haha, vicious, you can admit defeat if you can't beat it, and I didn't tell you to die.

My granddaughter Xiaoxia is still injured, how could she be their opponent, you... Wu Zhiguo pointed at Liu Zhen.

Hahahaha, the injury was her own fault, so what does it have to do with me?

Come on, don't make me wait.

Hahaha, yes, I am anxious to see whoever comes first among you, said a dark-skinned man.

I'll come, Xiaobo takes a step forward.

And the person who played on Liu Zhen's side was the person who spoke before.

The two used their own skills to confront each other as soon as they played.

When the two of them faced each other, Li Pingfan took Wu Yanxia aside and treated her.

I admit defeat, Xiaobo said these three words with the remaining strength, it can be seen that Xiaobo has indeed tried his best, there is no way, the opponent is too strong, and the Wu family did not expect to be able to persist for so long .

Haha, boy, you are wise, otherwise you will definitely die here today, take it away, the next one, the people on the ring shouted.

On Li Pingfan's side, Wu Yanxia's treatment was also completed.

I'm coming this time.

I will persevere until the end, Wu Yanxia said softly to Li Pingfan.

Wu Yanxia walked towards the ring.

My sister broke through, Wu Bozhong said.

Yes, I didn't expect that Xiaoxia also entered the Xuan rank, gratifying and congratulations.

Ten moves, twenty moves, more than fifty moves have passed in a while, Wu Yanxia and her opponent are both panting on the stage, the two of them have little strength left, but they are all trying to support this one. Also refused to give in.

Xiaoxia, Wu Zhiguo called out softly.

Grandpa, don't worry, I won't fall down.

Well, Wu Zhiguo nodded with tears in his eyes.

After more than 30 moves, the physical strength of the two is already in a state of overdrawn. Now the competition is perseverance and spirit. Now even if one party is a little slack, the victory will be ruined.

Another dozen moves, this time both of them couldn't hold on anymore, they had no more strength left, now even if a normal person pushes up, both of them will be limp on the ground.

Next, Wu Yanxia roared, saying it was just a punch, but this punch was so weak that she could even walk with a limp, but this punch Wu Yanxia still hit the opponent, and the opponent fell limp to the ground . When Wu Yanxia saw her opponent fall to the ground, she also fell to the ground.

This game was a draw, Liu Zhen shouted.

What, a draw, why? Obviously Wu Yanxia stood at the end, how could it be a draw.

Okay, if you let her stand up and fight again, I will consider her victorious, otherwise it will be considered a draw.

mean.

Well, don't talk about it, it's a draw, Wu Zhiguo said.

After that, Wu Zhiguo walked up to Li Pingfan, just as he was about to kneel down and beg.

No, I will do my best, Li Pingfan said.

Wu Zhiguo breathed a sigh of relief, and said, please.

After that, Li Pingfan went to the ring.

Boy, admit defeat obediently, or you will die here. I said it earlier, it is not worth taking your life for an outsider, do you think so?

Noisy, you talk too much nonsense.

Boy, you dare to talk to me like that, you are dead.

Boom, he punched Li Pingfan. Li Pingfan wanted to dodge it, but the punch was too fast, so he had to follow him with a punch. The two punches collided, and each of them took a few steps back.

It's a little bit capable, but I'd like to see if you can still take a few punches from me.

As he spoke, he punched again, and Li Pingfan didn't dodge this time, and punched him directly, and the two sides backed up a few steps again, this happened several times in succession.

Li Pingfan also felt from these few battles that the opponent's strength should also be at the late stage of the Xuan rank, but it should not have been long since he entered the late stage, otherwise, he would not be so easy.

Boy, you are indeed capable, but that's all you can do. I'll give you another chance, beg for mercy or die, or I'll let you see my true strength next.

You are really noisy.

Ah, die for me, another punch, Li Pingfan quickly used his skills when he saw this, added his aura, and also punched back, and the two punches collided again, but this time, the opponent's fist only stood up. The ordinary fist stopped at the position of one centimeter, and he wanted to continue to smash forward, but he couldn't push forward a little bit, so he wanted to withdraw his fist, but the strange thing was that he couldn't even pull his fist away, just As if stuck there, unable to move.

Boy, what did you do to me, why can't I move.

Hey, you want to move, you said it earlier, I will give you back your freedom, Li Pingfan directly punched the opponent again, this punch Li Pingfan used 90% of his strength.

Ah, the opponent stepped back dozens of steps, vomited blood and fell to the ground.

Take it away, next one.


		