

Chapter 79

Sure enough, something went wrong

After tens of minutes, there was a sound from inside the house.

Apprentice, come in and take Ms. Hu out, and then the divination master who was watching the stall at the door entered the house.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan felt relieved of his previous heavy heart.

But it didn't take long for Li Pingfan to feel that something was wrong. It had been several minutes, why he hadn't come out yet, so Li Pingfan went in to check.

However, after Li Pingfan went in, there was no one in the room, and Li Pingfan realized that he had been duped.

But Li Pingfan knew who captured Hu Yinger without even thinking about it, because Zhang Shaohuang was the only one who cared about Hu Yinger, so Li Pingfan concluded that it was him.

Li Pingfan just wanted to pick up his mobile phone to call Yan Lu and Su Haokai, but after thinking about it, he gave up this decision because he had to deal with this matter by himself. This time Zhang Shaohuang completely angered Li Pingfan, and he wanted to let Zhang Shaohuang paid the price, and Li Pingfan's eyes became extremely fierce.

Li Pingfan thought that they had just left, and if he looked around now, he might still be able to find them, so Li Pingfan started his spiritual consciousness to search every place within the range of his spiritual consciousness.

An hour passed, and Li Pingfan made no progress at all.

Ding, Ding.

At this moment, Li Pingfan's mobile phone suddenly remembered that Li Pingfan took out his mobile phone and looked at it. There was a video, so he clicked to start the video.

Li Pingfan, who do you think she is?

Haha, your friend is in my hands, I want to show you how I made her want to die, hahahahahahaha, by the way, if you want to save her, come to Phoenix Bar 0088, I will wait you. Ha ha ha ha.

Zhang Shaohuang's voice came out in the video.

After watching the video, Li Pingfan exerted a little force on his hand, and the phone was crushed.

Zhang Shaohuang, you'd better not run away. This time, let's settle the old and new accounts together. For the first time, Li Pingfan showed murderous eyes. Dare to make a sound.

Now that he knew the place, Li Pingfan came to Phoenix Bar very quickly.

But this time to go to the first floor, Li Pingfan still used the first method to get to the first floor.

Hum, pound, huh. There were three knocks on the door.

After the door was opened, Li Pingfan walked in, only to see dozens of masters around the room, and Li Pingfan could clearly feel that these dozens should all be masters of the mysterious rank.

There is a large display screen on one wall, which shows the figure of Zhang Shaohuang.

You've come, I've been waiting for the flowers you've been waiting for to wither, since I'm here, I'll let you see my little baby, and Hu Yinger appeared on the screen.

Young Master Zhang, I advise you to think clearly, otherwise you should think clearly about what will happen to you.

Haha, Li Pingfan, you are threatening me. Threats are what I, Zhang Shaohuang, fear the most. When I was young, I was the only one who threatened others. No one dared to threaten me, Zhang Shaohuang said jokingly.

Young Master Zhang, you won't be able to take me down just by relying on these dozens of people.

I don't know if I can take you down, but what I know is that I'm going to start enjoying it now, and I started to touch Hu Yinger as I spoke, Hu Yinger struggled hard, for fear that Zhang Shaohuang's hand would touch her.

Well, the more you are like this, the more I like it, twist it, it will only make me more excited, hahahaha, unfortunately you talk too much, I can only gag you, otherwise you will make a sound later, then I am even more excited, Zhang Shaohuang said shamelessly.

Li Pingfan couldn't control the anger in his heart, so Thunder directly grabbed one person.

Zhang Shaohuang, you'd better think clearly, if you dare to touch her, your end will be the same as this person in my hand.

Speaking of which, Li Pingfan directly broke the person's limbs, crying and screaming in pain.

Li Pingfan, can you beat him alone, can you beat them all? As he spoke, a few more people came in from the door.

It's just that two of the few people who came in, Li Pingfan, also knew each other, and they were two of Liu Zhen's apprentices in the Wu family.

And when they came in, they also saw Li Pingfan at the same time. They looked at each other and seemed to understand each other's intentions, so they said to Zhang Shaohuang on the screen.

Young Master Zhang, I'm sorry, there are still some things at home, so the two of us will leave first, and we don't want the money anymore. The two of them also emphasized the word "money", in case Li Pingfan didn't know that they also helped him for money.

The two big brothers, Brother Huazong, don't go, what happened, are you talking about it for a while?

Master Zhang called just now to say that there is something urgent to tell us to go back. I wanted to tell you just now, but there was no chance. It has been delayed for a long time now. If we don’t go back, Master, the old man, should be angry.

You bastard, Feng Zelei scolded.

The two of them didn't care when they heard Feng Zelei's abuse, but they really thought in their hearts that people from Fenggemen like you would look good in a moment. Of course, the two of them would definitely not talk about their affairs in the Wu family, because they I also want to see the people of the Fenggemen suffer.

Zhang Shaohuang suddenly felt uneasy in his heart, he knew that one of him and Li Pingfan would definitely die today, but at least he still holds the initiative now.

Young Master Zhang, two people left, why don't you come out and join one of them, Li Pingfan said.

Haha, Li Pingfan, you don't need to provoke me, I won't go out, I still want to see how you died under their cooperation.

Young Master Zhang, if you want to watch me die, wouldn't it be more refreshing for you to come out and watch it, hiding behind a screen, even if I die, won't you still be unhappy watching it?

Haha, Li Pingfan, you'd better deal with them first, I'm going to make my little baby want to die, hahaha, talking about Zhang Shaohuang, he was going to tear Hu Yinger's clothes.

Hu Yinger backed away in fright.

Wait a minute, Young Master Zhang, Li Pingfan shouted.

Do you have anything else to say.

Don't you want to see how I crawl under your feet? Then why don't you wait for me to be taken down by you, let me crawl at your feet, wouldn't it be more interesting for you to do this in front of me?

Hahaha, Li Pingfan, do you think I don't know what you're thinking? , It's just that this time it's impossible for you to leave alive, but you're right, well, I also want to see how you crawl under my feet.

Everyone, let's do it.

After speaking, a group of people swarmed up and rushed towards Li Pingfan.


		