

Chapter 157

Finish

At this moment, a person appeared in the distance, with a majestic face, he must be about fifty years old, his hair is still black, without a trace of white hair, and his voice is so thick and powerful.

After this person got closer, all the Shura Palace warriors around bowed and shouted.

See the lord.

Hall Master, Hall Master of Asura Hall.

It was him, Wu Zhiguo muttered softly.

Little friend, how about letting him know me? The lord said.

Li Pingfan, on the other hand, acted as if he didn't hear clearly, and kept moving his hands.

Little friend, since you insist on this, don't blame me.

The palace master came to Li Pingfan, little friend, I think this matter has been turned over, what do you think?

Li Pingfan still kept moving his hands.

Hmph, since you don't listen to the good advice, it seems that you insist on forcing me to take action, and slapped Li Pingfan while talking.

No, Hu Yinger, Li Mo, Wu Yanxia and others yelled.

Wu Zhiguo and Liu Shihuan wanted to stop him, but they didn't have time. At this moment, everyone closed their eyes, as if they felt Li Pingfan being beheaded.

The tears in the eyes of Hu Yinger, Li Mo and others could not help but fall.

Just when this palm was about to hit Li Pingfan, an old man's hand appeared in front of Li Pingfan, helping Li Pingfan block the blow.

After seeing Meng Jianping, Li Pingfan fell into a coma.

Lei Tai, you are quite old, it's not good to start a fight with a younger generation, and you are a younger generation who has been seriously injured. If it gets out, Shura Hall will become a laughing stock.

Meng Jianping, this is a grievance between me and him in the Asura Palace, is it possible that you want to intervene in this matter?

Lei Tai, you really don't have the shame to attack a seriously injured martial artist. After all, you are also the majestic master of the palace. To do such a disgusting thing, I think whoever sees it will take care of it.

Do you think you can manage me?

How will you know if you don't try.

If that's the case, give me a punch.

boom.

Meng Jianping punched out at the same time.

Ten seconds after the two fists collided, the two stopped immediately.

The two looked at each other for a few seconds.

Meng Jianping helped Li Pingfan to Wu Zhiguo's side.

Lei Tai took Fu Haowen aside.

Let's go, Ray Tai said.

After Lei Tai left, everyone breathed a sigh of relief, and then helped Li Pingfan to leave the place.

Only Zhang Shaohuang and Zhang Fengnian, the grandfather and grandson were stunned in place.

What happened just now, what they saw just now, they dare not imagine, who is the person they provoked, it is not really a fairy.

The two of them don't know each other, and now they are only shocked, very shocked, what happened tonight is something that both grandpa and grandson will never forget in their lifetime.

After everyone brought Li Pingfan back to the villa, they asked Dr. Huang to treat Li Pingfan.

Hey.

Dr. Huang, how is he? Everyone asked anxiously.

To be honest, I can't see his illness, and his body functions are intact, there is no injury at all, I really have no way to treat him.

Even you, Doctor Huang, can't heal. I'm afraid only Lu Shengshou can heal Binhai.

I'm afraid he can't heal this person. This ordinary little friend is really an extraordinary person. I don't think anyone in the secular world can match his medical skills. I have seen his medical skills with my own eyes. It is really shocking , Even the long-lost Yin-Yang thirty-six-needle formula is so proficient in using it, but I am powerless, Dr. Huang said helplessly.

I think he must be physically exhausted, and he should wake up after a few days of recovery, Meng Jianping said.

I don't understand martial arts, if it's what Mr. Meng said, we might as well climb up for a day and then make a decision.

Everyone also nodded in response. All night, none of the people closed their eyes, and they all surrounded Li Pingfan, quietly waiting for Li Pingfan to wake up.

At this time, Li Pingfan was in the darkness, there was no light around him, and even the spiritual energy was very thin. Li Pingfan wanted to absorb the surrounding spiritual energy to replenish himself. But I didn't have any strength in my whole body, so Li Pingfan lay quietly in the darkness, time passed bit by bit, the surrounding aura also slowly flowed into Li Pingfan's body, and Li Pingfan's physical strength also gained a little bit. silk recovery.

Where is this, Li Pingfan doesn't know, he doesn't know where he is, Li Pingfan only remembers the last blow with Fu Haowen, he won, and when he wanted to end Fu Haowen's life, Fu Haowen He was taken away by a person who wanted to hurt himself, and finally Meng Jianping appeared, and Li Pingfan didn't know anything about it.

Where exactly is this place? Li Pingfan wants to find out his spiritual consciousness, but because his spiritual energy is exhausted, he cannot use his spiritual consciousness. Li Pingfan wants to stand up, but he has no strength. In this way, Li Pingfan slowly absorbs the surrounding Aura.

Time passed quietly again, and Li Pingfan sat up slowly.

After a few breaths, Li Ping felt that the aura around him became stronger in an instant.

I don't know how long it took, Li Pingfan recovered his aura, so Li Pingfan took out the source spirit stone in the ring.

The moment the source spirit stone was taken out, the richness of the aura around Li Pingfan increased several times again.

Reiki poured into Li Pingfan's body frantically.

The first level of Qi training, the second level, the third level, the fourth level, the fifth level, and soon Li Pingfan's strength has recovered to the fifth level of Qi training.

Before Li Pingfan was happy, a strange scene happened. All the aura that Li Pingfan had absorbed before disappeared, disappeared instead of dissipating. Li Pingfan was very puzzled, so Li Pingfan continued to absorb aura.

One floor, two floors, three floors, four floors, five floors.

Li Pingfan once again reached the fifth level of Qi training, but within a few breaths, the aura that Li Pingfan had absorbed before disappeared again.

Li Pingfan was puzzled and looked around, but it was still dark and he couldn't see anything.

Li Pingfan absorbed again.

After reaching the fifth level of Qi training, another strange scene happened this time. This time, not all of them disappeared, but four-fifths of them disappeared.

In other words, Li Pingfan's strength is at the level of Qi training.

Li Pingfan continued to absorb.

Also just after reaching the fifth level of Dao Qi training, the aura disappeared again.

continue.

This time Li Pingfan's strength was fixed at the second level of Qi training.

Immediately afterwards, Li Pingfan absorbed it again.

disappear.

Try again, the strength is fixed at the third level of Qi training.

In this way, after Li Pingfan disappeared twice, the recovery of strength will rise to a higher level.

Finally, Li Pingfan's final strength recovered to the fifth level of Qi training.

At this moment, Li Pingfan slowly opened his eyes, um, how could I be in the spirit gathering array in my room?

Li Pingfan turned his head and looked at the two white crystal tigers beside him, two little guys, with their heads drooping.

Li Pingfan patted the two little ones with his hands, and the two white crystal tigers were so excited that they flew into Li Pingfan's arms and rubbed their little heads against Li Pingfan's cheeks.


		