

Chapter Forty-eight

Rescue Li Yao

Li Pingfan used a unique technique to transform the silver needles stuck on Li Yao's body. The technique was so fast that even Lu Shengshou sighed in surprise. He couldn't do it even if he practiced it all his life.

On the other hand, the expressions of everyone in the Li family were even more stunned, but Li Wei's expression changed slightly at this moment, as if something had come to his mind, it turned out to be him.

It's him, it's him, father, mother, it's him who saved grandpa on the street before, and it's the person we've been looking for for a while, but he didn't look like this before.

After hearing Li Wei's words, everyone in the Li family was overjoyed. Although they saw his quick and unique skills before, they always had a little bit of a little bit in their hearts. So he relaxed, especially Li Mo. Although Li Mo believed in Li Pingfan very much, he had never seen his medical skills. .

At this time, Li Pingfan had finished injecting needles on Li Yao's body. The silver needles on Li Guangyao's body looked like the shape of the Big Dipper. At this moment, Huang Lao shouted loudly.

This is the Big Dipper acupuncture method.

The Big Dipper acupuncture method is to use seven large needles to seal different acupuncture points, and use seven small needles to establish a connection after each large needle, forming the shape of the Big Dipper.

Doctor Huang has good eyesight, Li Pingfan said.

The ordinary little friend has won the prize, but the Big Dipper acupuncture method is not enough to save Brother Li.

Of course I know this.

Oh? Then dare to ask the little friend, what's the next step?

May I ask Dr. Huang if he has ever heard of Yin Yang Thirty-Six Acupuncture?

What Yin and Yang thirty-six needles, you know Yin and Yang thirty-six needles?

Just a little bit.

Hearing this, even Lu Shengshou couldn't sit still. Yin and Yang thirty-six needles, that is a long-lost acupuncture, every needle in it can return Yin and Yang, determine life and death, if you let yourself If you learn it, it is conceivable that your medical skills will definitely rise to a higher level.

Hmph, little boy, don't blame the old man for not reminding you, if you can't take back the blown bull, it will end badly at that time, and you can still fight with yin and yang thirty-six needles, the old man doesn't believe it.

Haha, you old bastard, keep your dog eyes wide open for the young master to take care of me.

Li Pingfan picked up a silver needle and pierced it directly. At the same time, Li Pingfan turned on the spirit art to let the spiritual energy baptize every part and acupuncture point of Li Yao's body, thus adding vitality to him.

This, this is really the Thirty-Six Needles of Yin and Yang. I once heard from my mentor that there is one needle in the Thirty-six Needles of Yin and Yang. This needle can be used for longevity, one for death, one for life and death, and one for Yang , and the injection given by the ordinary little friend is exactly the same.

Unexpectedly, at such a young age, he has such medical skills. It's amazing. In the future, this person will definitely be famous in Binhai, Dr. Huang said.

Dr. Huang, then my father... Li Feng said.

It's okay, it's okay, brother Li will definitely wake up.

At this time, everyone in the Li family had smiles on their faces.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan has already taken away the last silver needle.

Ordinary little friend, is my father okay?

Li Pingfan nodded.

Li Mo ran over and hugged Li Pingfan in an instant, and Li Pingfan felt his chest undulating in an instant, feeling very uncomfortable.

After a while, Li Mo realized that something was wrong, quickly let go of Li Pingfan, and ran away covering his face.

That ordinary little friend, when will my father wake up?

You will wake up in an hour, and you can prepare for it.

Hearing this, Lu Shengshou felt a little uncomfortable.

Hmph, I don't believe it for an hour, you little brat, you don't know where you learned third-rate medical skills, so you dare to show off, say an hour, I will wait here for an hour, if I don't wake up for an hour, I will Let's see how it ends for you. Lu Shengshou said.

OK, then we'll wait together. Li Pingfan said confidently.

An hour passed quickly.

Cough, cough, there were two light coughing sounds on the hospital bed at this moment.

Father, dad, grandpa.

Li Pingfan also hurried forward to take Zhen's pulse, and said, let the old man rest first, and he will be back to normal tomorrow.

Everyone in the Li family is very happy. Usually, even if it is cured, it will take ten days and a half months to recuperate. Unexpectedly, this time, it will be back to normal in the next day. It seems that we must establish a good relationship with this miracle doctor. Everyone in the Li family It's also their own ulterior motives, and some thought of marrying Li Wei to him directly while Li Wei was getting married this time, but they quickly dismissed the idea.

Then thank you ordinary little friend, I asked you to forgive me for not entertaining you well before.

It's okay, I don't care about it either.

It's getting late, I've already prepared a room for you, everyone go to rest first, when my father wakes up tomorrow, my Li family will definitely not treat you badly.

Hmph, thank you for the kindness of the Li family. I have a lot of Lu family members, so there is no need to leave. Saying goodbye, Lu Shengshou said.

Then I won't send Lu Shengshou off, goodbye.

Ah ah ah. A ray of sunlight in the morning shone into Li Pingfan's room, and Li Pingfan yawned lazily and got up.

Li Pingfan, my grandfather is awake, thank you, if not for you, my grandfather would definitely not survive tonight. Li Mo first appeared in front of Li Pingfan and said.

Li Pingfan waved his hand and said, you're welcome, we're good deals.

Only then did Li Mo remember that they had made a deal, and the pot of Fengyin grass had already been given to Li Pingfan.

By the way, my grandfather said, when you wake up, I want to see you.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, lead the way.

Well, come with me.

The two walked towards Li Yao's room.


		