

Chapter 98

against Liu Hao

After Li Pingfan returned to his own area, he began to rest and recover his physical strength and consumption.

After a few hours, Li Pingfan got up and went to the lottery area, because the top ten people had come out, and they needed to draw lots again to determine the ranking order of the top ten.

Because the consumption of each participant today is too high, for the sake of fairness, the organizer decided to hold the finals tomorrow and the challenge the day after tomorrow, which means that the schedule of the competition has been postponed by one day, which is also for the status of the players. , After all, after experiencing a battle that broke through the limit, if the next battle is carried out immediately, it will be somewhat unfair to the participants.

After eating the lottery, the remaining ten contestants also got their own numbers respectively.

Everyone also returned to the place where they lived to rest.

Li Pingfan returned to the hotel and continued to practice.

Because Li Pingfan can also rest while practicing, in order to improve his own strength as soon as possible, Li Pingfan can only practice day and night without sleep.

Especially if he offended Shura Hall today, Li Pingfan could only practice harder, otherwise he might really die here.

Li Pingfan didn't want to die yet, he hadn't found out about his life experience, and didn't know his secrets, so he couldn't die so easily.

Dangdang, there was a knock on the door, and Li Pingfan went to open the door.

Wu Zhiguo and Feng Zhenghao Lee Kuan Yew came.

Li Pingfan invited the three of them to the house.

Ordinary little brother, are you still used to living here? Feng Zhenghao said.

OK, get used to it.

Is the food okay? Wu Zhiguo said.

very good.

It doesn't matter if you two have something to say.

In fact, you don't need to participate in tomorrow's final, Feng Zhenghao said.

Why?

You have offended the people from Shura Hall, you should return to Binhai as soon as possible, otherwise I am afraid that if their people come to Huacheng tomorrow, I am afraid that you will not be able to leave by then.

Deacon Feng, you can rest assured that as long as I, Li Pingfan, want to leave, no one can stop me.

What Li Pingfan said is true, after all, he has lived for two thousand years, and his ability to escape is unmatched, and even Wu Zhiguo can't stop him if he wants to leave.

Hey, ordinary little friend, you don’t know how terrifying the power of the Asura Hall is. Those who look at the gates of the Asura Hall are at least mysterious-level masters. Only those who reach the ground level can have a place. The strength of the first rank cannot be underestimated, so you should go back to Binhai as soon as possible, as long as you go to Binhai to join the Martial League, even Shura Palace and the others will not dare to kill casually in Binhai, otherwise the people above will never let them go, Wu Zhiguo said.

Grandpa Wu, Deacon Feng, thank you for your kind words and advice, but I really need Linglong Grass, so I must participate in the next competition, and I am confident to win the first place, so you don't need to persuade me.

Hearing Li Pingfan's words, Lee Kuan Yew, who wanted to speak, also kept silent.

Well, since you have made the decision, the three of us will definitely support you. I don't think even Shura Dian would dare to blatantly kill people in front of my Wu Zhiguo.

With Wu Zhiguo's words, Li Pingfan also felt warm.

After a few pleasantries, the three returned to their own rooms, while Li Pingfan continued to practice.

After practicing this night, Li Pingfan finally made a little breakthrough. Although his current strength is still at the third level of Qi training, his own aura is stronger. This may be related to yesterday's battle, because yesterday's battle was exhausted. After acquiring Li Pingfan's spiritual energy, he will practice and absorb a large amount of spiritual energy. In this way, his own spiritual energy will of course be stronger, which is why he will break through after a big battle.

It's just that Li Pingfan didn't make a breakthrough, but it's still something to be happy about.

After Li Pingfan finished packing, he came to the Martial Arts Conference as usual.

Nalan Jie was still announcing the rules in the central arena, but the rules of today's finals have been slightly changed. Instead of number one playing against tail number, number one and number two will play against each other, number three will play against number four, and so on until the final top ten rankings.

After announcing the rules of the game, Nalan Jie announced the remaining ten players.

Among them are Feng Zelong, Liu Hao, Tian Zhong, Nalan Yu, Yang Ye, Zhang Yu, Wang Kai, Zhao Feng, He Haoran, and finally Li Pingfan.

After the announcement of the final list of ten players, the numbers in their hands were also announced, so that everyone knew who their opponent was and could prepare in advance.

After the number was announced, Li Pingfan learned that his opponent was Liu Hao, who was also his old opponent. It was thanks to Liu Hao's help that he could break through.

And Li Pingfan got number one, and Liu Hao got number two, so the two came to the ring.

Li Pingfan, I know you are very strong, and I may not be your opponent, but I don't want you to show mercy, Liu Hao said.

After listening to Liu Hao's words, Li Pingfan expressed his admiration. This is much better than those opponents who only mock and threaten you, and it is more worthy of respect.

Li Pingfan nodded.

With a bang the game started.

Liu Hao shot directly.

Li Pingfan resisted calmly. In this battle, Li Pingfan clearly felt that Liu Hao's strength was stronger than before.

This shows that Liu Hao has also stepped into the realm of the ground level. In this way, the two have also achieved each other. After that battle, Li Pingfan broke through to the third level of Qi training, and Liu Hao broke through to the ground level.

After dozens of moves between the two, it ended with Liu Hao falling down the ring.

Liu Hao returned to his area.

Haoer.

He is very strong, Liu Hao said softly to his master.

In the first match, Li Pingfan played against Liu Hao, and Li Pingfan won.


		