

Chapter 144

Go to Hexian Village

It was just a group of jumping clowns. Just as they were presumptuous in front of me, Li Pingfan raised his hand and threw a fireball at everyone.

The moment the fireball touches them, they can be reduced to ashes.

In this way, Li Pingfan killed several people in a row.

All the warriors stood there blankly, not daring to attack rashly.

Because they have already experienced a big battle before, their own strength has not yet recovered, so Li Pingfan's seemingly random blow is also fatal to them.

A group of trash, Yu Xiaorou stepped forward and pointed out.

Li Pingfan threw a fireball again.

Boom, the moment the two attacks came into contact, the fireball quickly melted Yu Xiaorou's attack.

Yu Xiaorou flicked it lightly again, and a drop of water melted into the fireball. Li Pingfan's fireball technique was easily resolved by Yu Xiaorou.

Li Pingfan sighed secretly, as expected his own strength is still too low, if he is now at the 6th level of Qi training, it is impossible for this person in front of him to defuse his attack so easily.

Wind control technique, Li Pingfan punched Yu Xiaorou.

Hmph, boy, you are courting death.

Yu Xiaorou punched out at the same time.

Boom, the moment the two punches came into contact, Li Pingfan was knocked back tens of meters by the powerful impact.

Sure enough, Li Pingfan shook his head secretly.

Hmph, the mantis is like a cart, overestimated, boy, now you can't even regret it, so Shuo and Yu Xiaorou punched again.

Li Pingfan learned the lesson from last time, so he didn't dare to take Xiaorou's attack hard.

Li Pingfan dodged sideways and dodged Yu Xiaorou's attacks several times in a row.

Come on with me, Yu Xiaorou roared.

Everyone attacked Li Pingfan again.

Damn, don't let the young master take a breather, Li Pingfan scolded in a low voice.

Li Pingfan pressed down with one hand, and a big hand descended from the sky.

In an instant, everyone around was shocked several meters away.

However, it did not cause any substantial harm.

After all the people around knew that they were not injured, they rushed forward again.

Boom, another blow, and everyone around was knocked back again.

After several consecutive attacks, Li Pingfan's aura was greatly consumed.

Li Pingfan turned his head to look at Bai Jinghu behind him.

Li Pingfan knew that the time had come, the chance was only this time, if he failed, neither he nor the two white crystal tigers would be able to leave.

Everyone attacked Li Pingfan again.

Li Pingfan mobilized all his remaining aura this time. When all the people around him rushed in, Li Pingfan let out a loud roar, and his own aura exploded instantly. These people were all pushed back nearly a hundred meters and fell to the ground.

At this moment, Li Pingfan came to Bai Jinghu's side, pulled out the silver needles on their bodies, and then Li Pingfan wanted to run away.

Wherever he ran, Wang Bolin saw that Li Pingfan was about to escape, so he immediately stepped forward to stop him.

But what he didn't expect was that several people appeared in front of Li Pingfan blocking his way, so Li Pingfan left here.

When the people around reacted, Li Pingfan had disappeared in place.

Meng Jianping, Nalan Jie, Wu Zhiguo and the others saw that Li Pingfan had already left, and it was not good for them to stay here, so they also hurriedly left here.

Qi kills me, Qi kills me too, Yu Xiaorou roared unwillingly.

The disciples of Wuxin Pavilion obeyed the order and quickly returned to the sect to mobilize people to find him for me, Yu Xiaorou said.

The children of the Wang family listened to the order and quickly returned to the family to mobilize people to find him out.

The two ordered to find Li Pingfan separately.

Everyone around also ordered their own people to go back to their respective families to mobilize manpower, the purpose is to find Li Pingfan.

At this time, Li Pingfan was taken to a big mountain by Bai Jinghu.

Time passed bit by bit, and it was already evening. Li Pingfan also woke up at this moment. Because of the last blow before, his aura was almost exhausted. Bai Jinghu carried Li Pingfan on his back, and Li Pingfan had already fallen asleep.

At this time, after Li Pingfan woke up, he was worried about the whereabouts of the two white crystal tigers. He really didn't know where to send them to ensure their safety. not much.

At this moment, Li Pingfan thought of a place that was very suitable for them to live in, and that was on the mountain in Hexian Village.

Li Pingfan thought of the little girl. On that mountain, even if these people found them, there was a little girl there, and they would not be able to take Bai Jinghu away.

As soon as he said he would leave, Li Pingfan took Bai Jinghu to Hexian Village.

The night was spent again, and Li Pingfan has also arrived at the no-man's land around Hexian Village. It is already morning, and the time to go up the mountain is not right, because there are many villagers going up the mountain at this moment, and he will easily be killed by one person and two beasts. I found that I had to wait until night to go up the mountain, because no one would go out here every night.

After thinking about everything, Li Pingfan also began to enter the state of cultivation. The most important thing now is to restore his own strength.

After a day of practice, Li Pingfan's strength also recovered a little.

It was already evening and Li Pingfan went up the mountain quietly with two white crystal tigers.

Someone came and the little girl said.

who?

It was him. I didn't expect him to come again in a few days.

Um, I also brought two adult white crystal tigers.

Go kid.

The little boy went to meet Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan, the little boy called out.

why are you here.

The mountain god knew you were coming, so he asked me to welcome you.

Oh, yes, the little girl's mental power is very strong, as long as she enters this area, her every move cannot escape her eyes.

Then Li Pingfan followed the little boy and left the place.

coming. said the little girl.

Well, here we come.


		