

Chapter Ninety-Six

top ten rewards

After announcing Li Pingfan's victory, Li Pingfan stepped off the ring.

When Li Pingfan left the ring, at a corner of the Martial Arts Conference, an old man from Shura Palace stared at Li Pingfan viciously.

Elder Li, I will make him pay a heavy price for tomorrow's competition.

Well, tomorrow will see your Zhao Hai.

Don't worry Elder Li, I understand.

Li Pingfan looked in the direction of Shura Hall in a blink of an eye, with a sneer on the corner of his mouth, because Li Pingfan had heard all of their conversation.

Little ordinary brother, he is a member of Shura Palace. Although my Wumeng can protect you for a while, if you are not in Binhai, then Shura Palace will hunt you down endlessly. Feng Zhenghao said anxiously, he What I didn't expect was that Li Pingfan's temper was so stubborn, and I never expected that I just wanted him to help my city win resources, but in the end I did let him offend people from Shura Palace. Also a little sorry.

It's okay, Deacon Feng, I can solve this matter myself, so I don't need to bother you.

Hey, Feng Zhenghao sighed softly.

Ordinary friend, you really got into trouble this time. The strength of Shura Hall should not be underestimated. If it weren't for the resource reward from the Martial Arts Conference, they probably wouldn't have come to participate in such a competition, but now you have scattered them all. The cultivation base of a killer also weakens the strength of Shura Hall in a disguised form, so this hatred will definitely be recorded on you, Wu Zhiguo said.

Grandpa Wu is fine.

Hey, things are really troublesome this time.

Yes, ordinary little friend, Lee Kuan Yew also came out and said at this time.

Don't worry, Grandpa Li, Li Pingfan gave Lee Kuan Yew a steady look.

After that, not many people mentioned it.

After another day of competition, some people were happy, some were sad, and the most obvious ones were Feng Zhenghao, Wu Zhiguo, and Lee Kuan Yew, and the happy ones were of course the winners of today's competition, so everyone was worried. They returned to their residences with their own thoughts.

The first thing Li Pingfan did after returning to his residence was to start practicing. Li Pingfan really wanted to break through to the fourth level of Qi training. As long as he could break through, Li Pingfan would have nothing to fear in the Asura Hall.

After a night of practice, Li Pingfan still had no breakthrough, but the good thing was that his cultivation was more stable.

The fourth day is the final final, and the top ten rewards will be announced today, which is something that Li Pingfan is looking forward to very much.

Like a few days ago, Li Pingfan came to the competition site. As usual, draw lots.

Li Pingfan drew number 3, which seemed to be a deliberate arrangement, and Zhao Hai from Shura Hall was number 18.

After the remaining 20 people were drawn, Nalan Jie came to the center ring again.

Today is the last day of the group arena, everyone must want to know the top ten rewards.

Tenth place: Reward: 3000w

Ninth place: 5000w

Eighth place: 8000w

Seventh place: 130 million

Sixth place: 180 million

Fifth place: 250 million

Fourth place: 320 million

Next is the reward for the last three.

Third place: Nalan Jie paused for a moment and said, a book of exercises suitable for cultivation in this world.

Second place: a herb that is more than a thousand years old, Linglong Grass.

As soon as these words were spoken, the people in the previously quiet ring became unable to hold back again. Linglong Grass, this is a treasure of heaven and earth for cultivation, and it is still a thousand years old, everyone started talking about it.

After a while, everyone finally quieted down.

Nalan Jie on the stage said again, the reward for the first place is a book of practice exercises and more than 1,500 Linglong grass.

This time, the audience was shocked again. They didn't expect the reward for the first place to be so generous.

After announcing the rewards, the remaining 20 people were purely eager to win the top three.

As for resources, as long as you can get the top ten, the so-called resources will be distributed in the city you represent, but you have to fight for the rewards for the final ranking. Take it away, unless they snatch you from nowhere.

After Nalan Jie explained the rules of the competition again, the competition officially started.

Please invite No. 1 Liangzhou Nalan Family Nalan Yu to face No. 20 Huacheng casual cultivator He Chenguang.

After the two entered the field, they started directly without talking nonsense.

After more than fifty moves, Nalan Yu defeated He Chenguang with a fake technique.

Please invite No. 2 Huacheng Fengge Gate Feng Zelong to face No. 19 Xilan City Martial League Li Shan.

With a sound, the two came to the ring.

Feng Zelong looked at Li Shan opposite him on the stage, showing a wicked smile, this kind of smile looked very charming on Feng Zelong's handsome face.

Facing Feng Zelong's strange face, Li Shan felt extremely disgusted in her heart.

Game start.

Li Shan took the lead and punched Feng Zelong.

Feng Zelong didn't dodge and directly punched him.

With a bang, Li Shan stepped back quickly, and Li Shan muttered in her mouth.

On the other hand, when Li Shan retreated, Feng Zelong directly punched Li Shan.

Li Shan didn't have time to react, so she raised her hand to receive the punch forcefully.

Boom, click, Li Shan's arm was directly broken by Feng Zelong.

Unexpectedly, Li Shan took out a thin silver needle and stuck it into her injured arm.

And everyone was shocked in this scene, even Li Pingfan didn't expect that a person who performed mediocrely in the previous competition would be able to seal acupuncture points with silver needles.

After Li Shan sealed her acupuncture point, she raised her hand and punched Feng Zelong again. Feng Zelong smiled contemptuously, turned sideways, and then kicked down.

Bang, Li Shan answered to the end. It's just that the strength of this kick is not strong, and it didn't hurt Li Shan.

Li Shan got up and attacked again.

Feng Zelong dodged sideways again and kicked again.

Li Shan fell to the ground again.

After repeated several times.

Both Li Shan above the ring and the audience below the ring felt a little bullying, they were clearly playing Li Shan.

Li Shan said completely angrily this time, Feng Zelong has the guts to punch me.

Alright, little beauty, Feng Zelong smirked.

The two fists of "H" collided again, because there was still a clear gap in strength between Li Shan and Feng Zelong, and the result was obvious, Li Shan was knocked out of the ring by Feng Zelong.

Seeing that you are a woman, I will not take your life. After leaving a sentence, he walked off the ring.

In the second match, Fengze Long wins at No. 2 Huacheng Fengge Gate.


		