

They chatted as they walked, and soon reached the entrance of the village.

Alas, Hu Guoting, why did you come back so early today? Did you find that thing? Hurry up, take it out and let me be quiet first. What is it? You have been looking for it for half a year.

Oh, old Zhang, don't worry, when you get back to the village, call the big guys to watch it together.

Okay, Hu Guoting, then you go back first, I'll call the big guy, I want to see what kind of baby you have been working on for half a year, I usually ask you, you are so strict, you just don't want to disclose any information to everyone.

Lao Zhang quickly ran to the village, and began to notify the house from house to house.

Oh, Zhang, slow down, don't fall yourself, Huber said with a smile.

I don't know if the old Zhang in Huber's mouth heard it. Just like that, Li Pingfan followed Huber into the village.

As soon as Li Pingfan walked into the village, he felt refreshed for a while. Li Pingfan was shocked. He didn't expect that the aura in this village was twice as strong as the aura outside, although to Li Pingfan, this aura was not too much It has a great effect, but for mortals like them, it is enough to prolong life. , Huber, how old is that old Zhang just now?

Oh, that old Zhang is in his sixties this year. Unexpectedly, his legs and feet are still so agile. People in our village live very long lives. It is said that thousands of years ago, the average person in our village could live to We were more than two hundred years old. At that time, our village was named Changshou Village. After time migration, our generation can live to about one hundred and twenty years old on average. Just now, the grandson of Lao Zhang has Baby, Huber said with a smile. Speaking of the history of this village, the corners of Huber's mouth turned slightly, and it could be seen that his face was full of happiness.

Li Pingfan sighed secretly, so that is the case, no wonder the people here look so young. At this time, Li Pingfan was also a little envious of this kind of life, which reminded him of all the pain he had experienced in the past 2000 years, and he was a little lost in a trance .

Alas, little friend, little friend.

Li Pingfan was pulled back to reality in an instant, ah, Huber, is this time?

Well, it's here. My home is in front of me. By the way, little friend, I don't know your name yet.

Alas, I'm very sorry Huber, I was chatting along the way and even forgot to tell you my name, my name is Li Pingfan, just call me Pingfan.

Haha, Li Pingfan, a good name, a good name, I want to be ordinary in my life.

Ordinary friends, stay in the room for a while, I'll go get ready.

All right, Huber, go ahead and leave me alone. Li Pingfan walked into the house and looked at the surrounding environment and the feng shui of the house. This is Li Pingfan's habit of observing the surroundings every time he goes to a new place. If he doesn't, he doesn't know how many times he will die. I'm back. After observing, Li Pingfan felt relieved and found a seat to sit down.

Grandpa, Grandpa, are you back?

A woman with a hoarse voice shouted, she must be an old lady in her fifties or sixties, Li Pingfan also felt strange, and soon thought of it, there is a granddaughter in Huber's family, granddaughter If she is sick, she should be right.

I don't know what disease I have, and my voice has become an old lady in her fifties, Li Pingfan smiled secretly.

Da, da, grandpa, is that you? Are you back?

Li Pingfan heard the sound of someone coming out of the room. Originally, Li Pingfan wanted to get up and go out to wait.

Squeak, the door opened, Li Pingfan stood up and turned his head suddenly, Li Pingfan's eyes were straightened immediately.

Li Pingfan looked straight at her beautiful face, her skin was delicate and fair, and her big watery eyes were very cute, her lips were rosy, her nose bridge was slender, erect, and her flesh-colored nose had long wings. She is very elegant, looking at her slender waist and slight steps, her bright wrists are in the light gauze, she seems to be like a fairy who is not contaminated with the worldly atmosphere, just looking at it like this can make people forget themselves, and would rather dedicate to her than People like Li Pingfan who have lived for 2,000 years are also a little moved.

who are you?

Li Pingfan shuddered suddenly, just now he was obsessed with her beautiful figure, these words dragged Li Pingfan out of his intoxication.

Li Pingfan sighed secretly, it's a pity, it's just that the voice is too unpleasant, alas, it's a pity, no one is perfect, if this makes her voice mellow again, will it still give other women a way to live.

Well, my name is Li Pingfan, and I came back with Huber. I heard from Huber that you are not feeling well, and I also know some medical skills, so Huber invited me to come home to show you.

Well, thank you, Mr. Li.

Li Pingfan thought to himself, oh sister, don't talk anymore, if you don't talk, you will be like a fairy descending to the earth. When you talk, I feel that you are rejuvenated, and the voice of a 60-year-old old lady is uglier.

Li Pingfan cupped his fists, saluted slightly, and dared to ask the girl's name.

My name is Hu Yinger.

Xiaoying, Xiaoying, Huber came to the house, you are not resting in the room, what are you doing out, your body can't stand the cold, go back to the house and rest.

It's okay, Grandpa, I've been lying in bed for a long time, and I want to take a walk too.

Li Pingfan, looking at the conversation between the grandfather and grandson, felt a little bitter in his heart. Alas, Li Pingfan had never felt such love in the past 2000 years. He didn't know where he came from, and he didn't know who his parents were. At that time, he thought he jumped out of a rock, and Li Pingfan's eyes were a little moist.

Ordinary friend, what's wrong with you, are you all right?

It's all right, Huber, seeing you reminds me of something from the past.

Huber looked into Li Pingfan's eyes, as if he saw something, and he couldn't say much, Pingfan, you sit first, I guess Lao Zhang and the others should come too.

Grandpa, Grandpa Zhang, what are they doing at our house?

Haha, silly granddaughter, grandpa found the tricolor green snake, your disease can be cured, you can restore your voice again, and you don’t have to be tortured by the disease anymore, grandpa is so happy, I thought there was no chance , If I can't find her in a few days, the miracle doctor will leave. Thank God for letting me find her in the last few days.

When Li Pingfan heard about the miracle doctor, he thought to himself, is there any other person in this world who can't succeed.

By the way, Xiaoying, I forgot to introduce you. This is Li Pingfan, friend Pingfan. This is my granddaughter, Hu Yinger.

Li Pingfan and Hu Ying looked at each other and smiled slightly, as if they had known each other for a long time.

By the way, Huber, who is the genius doctor you mentioned.

Oh, you said a miracle doctor, actually I don’t know where he came from. Since he came to our village more than half a year ago, he has cured people in our village and saved many people in our village. It is this tricolor green snake He told me to catch him. He said that as long as he catches him, he can treat Xiaoying. I heard that he will leave in a few days, so I go up the mountain every day to catch him. I got it.

Thank God, let me catch him in the last few days, so that my poor granddaughter has a way to live, and Hu Bo's tears fell while talking, and Hu Ying also shed tears.

Li Pingfan couldn't stand this touching situation, and then walked out of the house.

By the way, that Xiaoying, ordinary little friend, is also the one I invited to treat you. He also knows the three-color flower and green snake. If he wants to come to the doctor, he will definitely be able to do it. Even if I go bankrupt this time, Grandpa will definitely give you cured.

Hu Ying hugged her grandfather again, tears streaming down her big watery eyes, it really made people feel distressed.


		