

Chapter Seventy

ring match

After I die, the Wu family will be taken over by Wu Yang. You two, Wu Chen and Wu Xiao, must assist your elder brother well. Only by uniting with my Wu family will we not fail in the next family election.

You two, Xiaoxia and Xiaobo, must study hard.

What's more, everyone in the Wu family can't avenge me after my death. When will the grievances be repaid? Did you hear that, Wu Zhiguo roared.

Dad, grandpa, no, no, dad.

Hey, Wu Yang, you are the boss of the family, so you must take responsibility. After I die, the Wu family will fall into your hands. I hope you will not let the Wu family decline. Wu Zhiguo said these words with obvious sadness , Everyone in the Wu family who heard it burst into tears.

After explaining, Wu Zhiguo walked towards Liu Zhen slowly.

Well, let's do it.

Touching, so touching, Wu Zhiguo, you are going to die, and you still have so many family members, but me, me, I have no family members, since then, I have practiced martial arts day and night, just to avenge you...

On the Wu family's side, Wu Yanxia found Li Pingfan and knelt down in front of Li Pingfan.

The members of the Wu family were also a little puzzled when they saw Wu Yanxia kneeling in front of Li Pingfan. Isn't this person a doctor? How could he save his father.

I beg you, save my grandfather, I know you can, as long as you can save my grandfather, you can make me a cow or a horse, I have no complaints, I beg you, Wu Yanxia begs.

Li Pingfan looked at Wu Yanxia, ​​who was kneeling on the ground, without a trace of throbbing in his heart, because this is Wu's own business, and Wu Zhiguo's own karma. Make yourself an enemy.

I'm sorry, I can't help you with this matter. This is the cause and effect of your grandfather himself, so I can't help you.

I beg you, please, grandpa can’t die. My mother left me since I was a child. After my mother passed away, my father used alcohol to numb himself all day long. He didn’t get the love of his father or mother. Grandpa, it is Grandpa who has been with me, taught me martial arts, taught me the principles of life, it is Grandpa who taught me, now I have finally grown up, and finally have the opportunity to repay Grandpa, but Grandpa is about to die , I don’t want my grandfather to die, I haven’t given my filial piety to my grandfather yet, I haven’t done my filial piety for my father yet, my grandfather has always protected me since I was a child, this time I also want to protect my grandfather, Wu Yanxia said, her own story.

Saying that, Wu Yanxia got up and walked towards Liu Zhen.

Xiaoxia, don't do it, Wu Yang shouted.

Xiaoxia, no.

Sister, come back.

Wu Yanxia looked at her father, second uncle, sister-in-law, and Bo Zhong.

The father and the daughter are unfilial, and they will not be able to be filial for the rest of their lives. Wu Yanxia knelt down and kowtowed three times to her father.

Second uncle, sister-in-law, I ask you to take good care of my father for me.

Xiaobo, when you grow up, you must take good care of your second uncle and your uncle.

Xiaoxia, go back, go back quickly, Wu Zhiguo shouted at this time.

No, grandpa, you were the one who guarded me before, now it's my turn to guard you.

I know you are very strong, I am not your opponent, but if you want to kill my grandfather, you have to kill me first, Wu Yanxia hit Liu Zhen while saying that.

No, Xiaoxia is back.

Obviously, Wu Yanxia was easily beaten to the ground by Liu Zhen.

Liu Zhen don't kill her, please spare him, Wu Zhiguo knelt in front of Liu Zhen and begged.

My original intention was not to kill her, but since she offended me, how can I not kill her, neither of you can run away, if someone from your Wu family comes to die, I welcome it.

Take it to death Wu Zhiguo, Liu Zhen shot.

Seeing this, Wu Yanxia crawled towards Wu Zhiguo with difficulty.

At this moment, Li Pingfan blocked Liu Zhen's blow.

Li Pingfan's sudden attack shocked everyone again, especially the members of the martial arts family. Unexpectedly, this doctor is still a master of martial arts. Judging from the previous attack, no one in the martial arts family except Wu Zhiguo could do it. .

When Wu Yanxia saw Li Pingfan make a move, she breathed a sigh of relief, thinking that her grandfather was saved this time.

who are you? Although Liu Zhen was also a little surprised, unlike the people around him, what surprised him was Li Pingfan's speed, which was really too fast, but in terms of strength, he was not his opponent at all.

Li Pingfan, an unknown doctor.

Doctor, I don't think your skills are like a doctor, but a martial artist.

I watched the previous competition between you and Grandpa Wu, and you are indeed a bit invincible.

Victory without force? Where did you say that?

Grandpa Wu had just recovered, so he competed with you. Do you think that a person who has just recovered from a serious illness can not suffer a disadvantage in a competition with a person who is in good health?

Oh? Then what do you mean, do you want me to fight him again after a serious illness?

You don't need to be seriously ill, you just need to give me half a stick of incense time, I will treat Grandpa Wu, and you will compete again. Regardless of the result of this competition, I will never interfere in this matter again.

just you? Can you heal him?

I said that I am a doctor, why dare not?

If you don't dare, I will give you half a stick of incense time.

Li Pingfan helped Wu Zhiguo to the side.

Li Pingfan took out silver needles and pierced them into Wu Zhiguo's head and limbs respectively, and then turned the spirit art to let the aura of heaven and earth be refined and purified by Li Pingfan, and then introduced into Wu Zhiguo's body, so that The aura fully wanders in the limbs and bones, thereby stimulating one's potential, and the advantage of passing the soul-changing art is that it can leave a trace of pure heaven and earth aura in the body, which is much stronger than the aura they absorbed.

The time for half a stick of incense passed quickly, and Li Pingfan put away the silver needle.

Grandpa Wu, you can get up and try again.

Wu Zhiguo got up to practice his skills. This time Wu Zhiguo was a little shocked. This time he clearly felt that his current state was much better than before. If he was now facing Liu Zhen, Wu Zhiguo could not guarantee that he would win, but at least he would win. It won't be as ugly as losing before.

How can I get started? Liu Zhen said.

Can.

The two fought again.

Ten strokes, twenty strokes, thirty strokes, fifty strokes, eighty strokes, at eighty strokes, Wu Zhiguo took the lead in punching, and Liu Zhen also punched, and the two punches collided. Zhen stepped back more than ten steps and fell to the ground.

Wu Zhiguo walked towards the direction where Liu Zhen fell.

No, it's impossible, I don't accept it, Wu Zhiguo, what kind of trick did you guys use, I can't lose.

Do you still want to continue? Wu Zhiguo asked.

Haha, keep going, you don't know what tricks you used to cause me to lose, and now I'm also injured, how can you continue.

I can also wait for your healing.

No need, kill if you want, I am not someone who can't afford to lose.

Hey, why bother.

Since you are not convinced, I am also giving you a chance. You can come up with a way to compete, and my Wu family will not back down.

Alright, although I'm injured now, my three apprentices are also a little itchy. Your warrior family can send warriors under the age of 30 to compete with my three apprentices.

In the group arena, the loser will have their life at their disposal. Wu Zhiguo, do you dare to take over?


		