

Chapter 68

ten year agreement

Thirty years ago, you were only at the Profound Rank, and you should have been in your thirties thirty years ago, how could you be at the Profound Rank, but now in martial arts, there are a lot of people in their twenties at the Profound Rank, how is this going to happen? What about? Li Pingfan asked.

Haha, Wu Zhiguo smiled and said, the martial arts 30 years ago is completely different from the current martial arts inheritance. Thirty years ago, there were too few people who practiced martial arts. All of them are true martial arts inheritance, and each martial arts family and sect has its own exclusive exercises.

The martial arts learned at that time is definitely the authentic inheritance of martial arts. They all breathe out some material between heaven and earth, but now the martial arts are just some brute force. When they meet real masters, they are nothing at all .

It can be said that the early stage of the Mysterious Rank in the past is equivalent to the middle or even late stage of the current Mysterious Rank, so ah, they are not the same.

And the current method of classifying cultivation levels was also changed ten years ago at the beginning of the Wumeng League, which was also changed to encourage future generations to practice martial arts.

But one thing is, as long as you reach the late stage of the Mystic Rank, if you still blindly practice brute force, then you will stay at the late stage of the Mystic Rank all your life, and you will not make any progress in your life. Practice the exercises and get in touch with the substances between the heaven and the earth. If you don't get the baptism between the heaven and the earth, you will eventually be unable to make progress.

Li Pingfan understood a lot, and now he finally understood why some of the people who had fought against him before had a high level but felt that they were not as good as those with a lower level, and their cultivation also needed the aura of heaven and earth, which is what Wu Zhiguo said .

Li Pingfan nodded, indicating that he understood, and then asked, I heard that the ancestor of the Wu family has the strength of the heavenly realm, so how is the level of this strength divided?

Hey, it's really a pity to talk about the ancestor of my Wu family, Wu Zhiguo sighed.

That ancestor has indeed reached the strength of the heavenly realm, and that ancestor has lived for five hundred years. What you may not know is that as long as you break through the heavenly rank and enter the earthly realm, you can break the conventional hundred-year lifespan. When you enter the earth state, your life span will increase to 200 years, which is twice as long as that of ordinary people. If you break through to the heaven state, it will increase by 150 years. Of course, this will also be based on each person's It depends on the practice of skills and your own strength, but as long as you can step into this realm, then you are no longer an ordinary person.

And the ancestor of my martial arts family can live five hundred years because of his strength. Although he is in the heavenly realm, it is a situation he suppressed all the year round. If he wants to break through to a higher realm, he can break through at any time, but at that time The world is no longer suitable for the practice of my martial arts. If I break through forcibly, I will be the same as me. In addition, my ancestors are already very old, so I have never dared to take the risk to break through that layer of barriers. In the end, It was also in the incident ten years ago that Wu Zhiguo sighed again after speaking.

As for the division of levels you mentioned, in the secular world there are heaven, earth, xuan, and yellow. Each level is divided into early, middle, and late stages. Above these realms is the realm of heaven and man, and the realm of returning to unity (also known as unity), and in these realms they are not divided into early, middle, and advanced stages. The battle between them will be determined by skills. I am not very clear about the higher realm.

This time Li Pingfan was really shocked. If he met a heavenly master with his current cultivation level, he would be belching right away.

Seeing Li Pingfan's expression, Wu Zhiguo comforted him, but don't worry, my friend, there are very few people in this world who can reach the heavenly rank, let alone above the heavenly rank.

It was only now that Li Pingfan calmed down. If there were many people above the heavenly rank, then his own cultivation base and insight would not be enough. In addition, his cultivation speed is really too slow, and he is only practicing Qi level 2 now. , I don't know how long it has been since I wanted to reach the third level of Qi training.

Thank you Grandpa Wu for your clarification, Li Pingfan cupped his hands and said.

You are welcome, little friend.

Since Xiaoyou asked about martial arts, it must be that Xiaoyou is also a martial arts practitioner.

Li Pingfan did not evade, nodded and replied, yes.

Sure enough, I guessed right, but I can't tell what level the little friend is now.

Wu Zhiguo was right about this point. He really couldn't see what level Li Pingfan was, because Li Pingfan and their cultivation systems were different, so the division of levels was of course different.

Li Pingfan thought for a while and replied, it's the late stage of Xuanjie.

Li Pingfan also has a basis for saying that he is in the late stage of the Xuan stage. Qingtian in the Wumeng is already in the middle stage of the Xuan stage, and Li Pingfan only used 70% of his power to beat him, so he should be around the late stage of the Xuan stage.

This time Wu Zhiguo couldn't sit still. He couldn't imagine that the young man in front of him, who was only eighteen or nineteen years old, had reached the late stage of Xuan rank, and he was only in his early thirties. Wu Zhiguo couldn't dare Believe.

If Li Pingfan knew these thoughts, Li Pingfan would definitely be able to laugh out loud. What he didn't know was that he was actually over two thousand years old, and his cultivation speed was very fast, which Li Pingfan couldn't understand. No matter which star field he is in, the speed of cultivation is very fast. Some people may need three to five thousand years to cultivate to the realm of transforming gods, but he can do it in a few decades. This is what Li Pingfan has always been puzzled about, but Life is not always smooth sailing, and I also have troubles, that is, every time I wake up, all my cultivation bases will be dissipated, and I have to start practicing again, so Li Pingfan practiced and scattered, and after more than two thousand years During the time, Li Pingfan also accumulated a lot of skills.

Bang, boom, boom.

While Wu Zhiguo was chatting with Li Pingfan, there was a knock on the door.

Grandpa, it's bad, Wu Yanxia yelled.

Wu Zhiguo and Li Pingfan went out to look at Wu Yanxia.

Grandpa, a man named Liu Zhen said that he wanted to come to understand the grievances.

Liu Zhen, the name Li Pingfan had heard before, was the same person in Wu Zhiguo's previous story.

The ten-year agreement, the two said in unison.


		