

Chapter 81

Feng Zhenghao's invitation

After the two left, Hu Yinger laughed out loud.

why are you laughing.

Laughing at you, I didn't expect you to have such a cute side.

I'll go, you call this cute, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

I have always been a very good person, you think we are all friends, if someone beats him, I will definitely avenge him.

It was fine if Li Pingfan didn't say anything, but Hu Yinger laughed again when he said it.

Li Pingfan shook his head secretly, thinking that this girl must be stupid.

Alright, I see that your condition is recovering well, so I'll send you back.

Ah, that...that...that I haven't eaten yet, Hu Yinger touched her stomach.

Li Pingfan only said casually in it at the time, but it was true that they didn't eat anything.

Let's go, there's a restaurant nearby.

Go to a restaurant, um, I want to eat your cooking.

Damn, so you are waiting for me here, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

But since Hu Yinger had already proposed it, I was too embarrassed to refuse, so I could only take her to my residence.

Feng Zhenghao said to Zhang Shaohuang in Room 0066 of the Phoenix Bar at this moment.

This is the last time I will save you, please be more peaceful in the future, this person is useful to us, so if you dare to catch the attention of friends around him in the future, then there is no need for you to stay in Binhai.

Hearing Feng Zhenghao's words, Zhang Shaohuang said in his faltering voice, okay, okay, afraid that he couldn't express himself clearly, he still nodded vigorously.

Well, I have already called someone, and they will send you to the hospital in a short while. You should stay at the hospital for a few days now. You'd better be honest during this period, otherwise, Zhang Fengnian will not be able to protect you.

When mentioning Zhang Fengnian and Zhang Shaohuang, his body trembled in fright. This is the current patriarch and also his grandfather. He is an unambiguous existence in the Zhang family. No one just violated his wishes in the Zhang family.

But when Feng Zhenghao said that his grandfather couldn't protect him, Zhang Shaohuang was really scared this time, and then nodded vigorously.

After finishing speaking, Feng Zhenghao also left here, and after a while, Zhang Shaohuang was also picked up.

At this moment, Li Pingfan and Hu Yinger had just arrived home, but it was a coincidence that after they returned this time, Li Mo was also in the house.

Li Pingfan wanted to explain, but when Li Mo knew that Hu Yinger hadn't eaten, he asked Li Pingfan to cook quickly, and then Li Mo took Hu Yinger to sit aside and chatted freely.

Soon, Li Pingfan was ready, after everyone had eaten.

Li Pingfan wants to send Hu Yinger back.

She will not go back to live tonight, Li Mo said.

Ah, what's going on, Li Pingfan is also a little puzzled. He was obviously so angry last time, but this time... Sure enough, I can't understand creatures like women, Li Pingfan sighed secretly.

Well, then I'll go back to the room to rest, Li Pingfan said.

Wait a minute, I have something to inform you.

Oh? Speak.

It's that we're moving in with a new roommate.

This was originally your house, Li Pingfan said.

Li Mo was directly speechless by Li Pingfan's words, but in order to regain his home ground, he said with an angry expression.

I want you to clean out the empty room on the second floor tomorrow.

Li Pingfan had a question mark on his face, he was confused, his people were going to move in, why did he let him clean, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

But after all, I am also a person who lives here, so I have no choice but to agree.

OK, is there anything else?

No more, Li Mo raised the decibel deliberately, showing some atmosphere.

After Li Pingfan returned to the room, the two women also returned to the room.

The next day Li Pingfan came to the guest room early to clean up, and the cleaning was finished in a short while.

After that, he accompanied Li Mo to class. After all, his responsibilities were not over yet. Although the Li family had already given up the money and gave them several million more, Li Pingfan must stick to his responsibilities.

After class, you have to help carry the luggage. Li Mo said.

Please, my duty is only to protect you, not to carry luggage.

I don't care, anyway, you have to help me carry the luggage, otherwise I will shout in the campus, Li Pingfan is my boyfriend, guess what will happen.

Li Pingfan was a little speechless. What Li Mo said was indeed true. There were indeed many people who pursued Li Mo in the Medical University.

Well, Li Pingfan could only nod helplessly.

Forget it, I'd better stay away from you, otherwise I will definitely cause public outrage, Li Pingfan said.

Before Li Mo could speak, Li Pingfan had already arrived at the corner of the classroom.

Soon, it was time for get out of class to end.

Come on, just move these things, Li Mo said.

Li Pingfan looked at the luggage, and then at Hu Yinger beside the luggage.

What's the situation, the new roommate she mentioned is you? Li Pingfan pointed to Hu Yinger.

Yes, you read that right, it's Yinger, move quickly, I've already said hello to the school.

Soon Li Pingfan had moved all of them, and the rest was their business, and it had nothing to do with him.

Li Pingfan was about to go out for a walk when the doorbell rang at the same time.

Li Pingfan opened the door and saw Feng Zhenghao standing at the door.

What does Deacon Feng do?

Little brother, can I talk to you if I have nothing to do?

I don't think we're socializing at all, so what can we talk about?

It is because there is no communication, so I came to you to promote the relationship.

Alright, Deacon Feng, you don't need to go around making rounds anymore, if you have anything to say, just tell me, I don't want to waste time with you on this boring conversation.

Don't you want me to come in and sit down?

You don't need to sit down, just talk about it if you have anything to say.

It seems that there is no trust between us, forget it, I will speak directly.

While talking, Feng Zhenghao handed Li Pingfan an invitation letter.

Brother Li Pingfan, this is an invitation letter from my martial arts league. If you have time, I hope you can come tomorrow.

For the invitation letter, Li Pingfan really couldn't figure out what kind of friendship he had with the Wumeng, so he could ask them to invite him.

But since it was someone's invitation, Li Pingfan naturally couldn't refuse, so he could just take this opportunity to learn about the Wumeng.

OK, I'll be there.


		