

Chapter 102

Rakshasa Temple

I want to challenge Li Pingfan.

These words spread to everyone's ears.

Look, someone has challenged for the first place, Li Pingfan.

Who is this man, so brave.

In the Raksha Temple, Luo Yu challenged Binhai Li Pingfan.

After hearing about Rakshasa Temple, everyone fell into madness again, and everyone was talking about it.

The Raksha Temple has just gained some fame in recent years. Although it is not as famous as the Asura Hall, its strength should not be underestimated.

Raksha Temple Luo Yu, challenge the bet, 300 million cash, plus a book of exercises.

May I ask whether No. 1 Li Pingfan will accept Luo Yu's challenge.

Li Pingfan looked at the gambling funds in the stands, and he really couldn't arouse any interest in his heart. These things were completely unattractive to Li Pingfan. His skills are much stronger, and they are not skills on the same plane at all.

As for money, although Li Pingfan needed money very much, he didn't need it that much, and even if he was given so much money, he didn't know what to buy, unless there was a place like Binhai Auction.

Li Pingfan thought of the auction, so he accepted the competition, because if it were at the auction, he really needed money.

Ok I'll take it.

After that, the two also came to the arena of the competition.

And under the arena at this time.

Elder Wang, do you think Luo Yu can win? Deacon Li said.

Do you think it matters whether he wins or loses?

Yes, Elder Wang is really tall.

Even if Luo Yu loses, it is a matter of the Rakshasa Hall, and it has nothing to do with us. If Luo Yu is seriously injured or dies in the ring, it will be even more difficult for Li Pingfan to get out of Huacheng alive. Deacon Li whispered to Elder Wang.

Xiao Li, since you know everything, did I ask you to prepare something for Luo Yu to eat?

Don't worry, Elder Wang, I have quietly put the food into Luo Yu's meal, and I watched him eat it with my own eyes this morning.

Hahahaha, okay, well done, this time the medicine is newly developed, not to mention that it can enhance people's potential, the key is that they will die soon after the promotion, so no matter what, it is impossible for Li Pingfan to leave Huacheng alive, saying The corners of the mouths of the two men raised to show evil smiles.

And in the arena at this moment, Li Pingfan also felt that something was wrong with Luo Yu in front of him.

Coupled with Li Pingfan's understanding of this Luo Yu in the ring a few days ago, it is impossible for him to have such strength. If he can have such strength, he will not even be close to the top 20, but now he shows The strength that came out has obviously reached the strength of the earth level. With such strength, it is no exaggeration to advance to the top ten, but why did he behave so ordinary in the competition a few days ago, and Li Pingfan was also very surprised. puzzled.

Boom, Luo Yu punched Li Pingfan back dozens of steps in a row.

In this scene, even Li Pingfan didn't expect that he was not so embarrassed when he was fighting Feng Zelong, but in front of this little-known character, he couldn't hold his punch. Li Pingfan thought he was weakened.

Boom, another punch.

Pfft, when Li Pingfan received this punch, he directly spit out blood donation.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to deal with it so calmly, so he could only use the wind control technique.

With the blessing of Wind Control Technique, Li Pingfan managed to draw even with Luo Yu in front of him, but after dozens of strokes, Luo Yu's strength was obviously weakening.

At this time, Li Pingfan suddenly realized that Luo Yu on the opposite side must have taken medicine that can temporarily improve his strength.

Luocha Hall, Shura Hall, Li Pingfan recited these two names silently. Li Pingfan looked at the area where the Asura Hall was located, and saw two people with expressions of successful tricks on their faces. Li Pingfan instantly understood that everything was wrong. It is a conspiracy of Shura Palace.

So Li Pingfan used the wind control technique again, and directly punched Luo Yu.

Because Luo Yu's strength continued to decline, Luo Yu couldn't bear the punch that Li Pingfan blessed with the Wind Control Technique.

When Luo Yu received the punch, his whole body flew backwards in an instant. Seeing this, Li Pingfan immediately exhibited extreme speed, and ran behind Luo Yu to catch Luo Yu.

At the moment when Luo Yu was picked up, a golden needle appeared in Li Pingfan's hand at some point, and it pierced Luo Yu's head with one needle.

It's just that after the needle was inserted, Luo Yu fell down on the ring after a few breaths.

Luo Yu, under the ring, an old man from the Raksha Temple shouted loudly.

Li Pingfan glanced at Luo Yu who was lying on the ring, shook his head and said, Luo Yu could not be rescued.

It's you, kill Luo Yu, my Raksha Temple is incompatible with you, the old man in the Raksha Temple said.

Li Pingfan wanted to explain, but the words came to his lips, but he swallowed them again. Because Luo Yu did die in the battle with him, although his original intention was to save him, but no one would listen to his explanation, because what they saw was that Luo Yu died by his own hands.

Li Pingfan was looking at the Asura Hall not far away, and the people in the Asura Hall had trickster smiles on their faces, so that even the Rakshasa Hall wanted to chase and kill them. This was their purpose, but Li Pingfan What I don't understand is, why did Raksha Temple agree to Shura Hall's request?

With Luo Yu's strength, they should know that they are not their opponents, but why should they cooperate with Shura Temple? This is what Li Pingfan can't understand.

But since Luo Yu is dead, and died on the ring, at least he is safe now, and Li Pingfan is quite relieved about this, at least in this martial arts conference, they dare not openly look for Li Pingfan Trouble.

After the competition ended, Li Pingfan also returned to his seat and sat down.

At this moment, everyone under the arena held their breath. The scene just now was really terrifying. What they didn't expect was that Li Pingfan killed people in the arena again, and even provoked two killer organizations together.

Within an hour after this battle ended, all the people were extremely quiet. They were thinking in their hearts, who would dare to challenge Li Pingfan again now, if he was not careful, his life might be ruined on the ring.


		