

Chapter 170

Fight Zhou Wu again

Who should I be? It turns out to be the head of the Qixia Sect, Li Pingfan said.

Haha, it seems that after the last battle, your strength has improved again, shouldn't you thank me, Qixiamen?

Thank you, hmph, you Qixiamen are deceiving people too much, if Pavilion Master Liu and Patriarch Wang hadn't arrived in time, I think I would have been the soul of your Qixiamen's sword. , Li Pingfan said angrily.

Xiaoyou said this, who made such a karma between us, if you don't die, I, Qixiamen, will never have a safe life in the future, so you must die today, no one can save you.

You have said this more than once, but am I still alive and well? Therefore, if you are not strong enough, don't say big things.

Hahahaha, boy, go crazy if you want to, anyway, you don't have much time left.

It's not that easy to kill me.

Hahahaha, real boy, you are crazy, take my trick first.

The third elder slapped out a palm, and the spiritual energy in his body gushed out instantly, forming a big handprint, attacking Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to relax at the same time. At the same time, he used the kung fu technique, and spiritual energy gushed out from his body. With one point, an ice thorn transformed in front of him, resisting the attack of the third elder.

Hmph, the third elder snorted coldly, and pointed out that a big hand appeared behind Li Pingfan at the same time, grabbing Li Pingfan.

Using his kung fu, Li Pingfan concentrated his aura on his right hand, punched out, and broke the attack of the third elder in an instant, but this blow consumed Li Pingfan a lot.

Li Pingfan looked at Zhou Wu, and said, Zhou Wu thought you were one of the masters among young people, but unexpectedly you hid behind the old and weak. How dare you fight against me, Li Pingfan said domineeringly.

When Zhou Wu heard Li Pingfan's words, his teeth were full of anger, and he walked forward to fight Li Pingfan again.

Seeing this, all the elders wanted to pull Zhou Wu, but they were blocked by Chen Ye.

Many of us are here today, I guess he will not be able to escape, so we simply let Zhou Wu fight with him, so that we can hone Zhou Wu from it, Chen Ye said.

Seeing that no one was stopping Zhou Wu from competing with him, Li Pingfan felt very happy.

Even if he was going to fall here today, Li Pingfan would kill Zhou Wuxian no matter what.

Boy, I was careless before, but this time I beat you to death, Zhou Wu shouted.

just you? Li Pingfan waved his hand and said, not yet.

Boom, Zhou Wu shot directly and punched out.

Li Pingfan didn't hesitate, and directly punched him.

The two fists collided, and Zhou Wu stepped back a few steps.

I didn't expect your strength to improve so quickly.

But you are still standing still.

Don't be too happy, kid, it was just a small trial just now, and it won't be that simple in the future.

Boom, spiritual energy gushed out from the surroundings in an instant, forming a water sword to attack Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to be careless, and with a casual finger, an aura shield appeared in front of him.

Zhou Wu clapped his palm again, and a big hand above the sky instantly pressed down.

And Li Pingfan pushed out with a palm at the same time, boom, only heard a loud noise in the sky, Zhou Wu's attack was easily resolved by Li Pingfan.

Seeing this, Zhou Wu gritted his teeth, used his exercises, and instantly gushed out his spiritual energy. Zhou Wu grabbed Li Pingfan's whole body as if he was imprisoned, and all his movements became much slower.

Then Zhou Wu punched out.

With a cold snort, Li Pingfan used his kung fu technique to blow away the confinement all over his body with a punch. Using the wind control technique, he came behind Zhou Wu in an instant and raised it with one kick.

Seeing this, Zhou Wu hurriedly dodged to dodge, and then came behind Li Pingfan in an instant, and expelled it with a palm.

Boom, Li Pingfan yelled, releasing his spiritual energy instantly, forming a huge energy shock around him, Zhou Wu was directly pushed back a hundred meters and fell to the ground.

When Zhou Wu got up, a mouthful of blood gushed out directly.

After Zhou Wu got up, his will to fight did not dissipate, and he still had a smile on his face from time to time, coupled with his blood red lips like a fire, looking extremely attractive.

Hehehe, kid, you are indeed much stronger than before, but you are still going to die.

Said Zhou Wu shot again, punched out, but in the blink of an eye, the wind of the fist had already been used to Li Pingfan's face.

Fast, too fast.

Li Pingfan didn't have time to dodge, so he could only dodge sideways, but he was still brushed by the fist wind.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan didn't dare to hold back any more, and increased his speed again.

Boom, Zhou Wu attacked with another punch.

Li Pingfan dodged it, and then raised it with a kick.

Zhou Wu sneered, "Go to hell, and kicked out at the same time.

Li Pingfan was beaten upside down and flew several meters away.

It's a little tricky, Li Pingfan said secretly.

The speed and strength of Li Pingfan's luck technique increased again.

Li Pingfan, who has been promoted, is also much more relaxed when facing Zhou Wu at this time.

Seeing this, Zhou Wu raised himself to the extreme again.

Then came a series of punches, and each punch had the potential to tear the surrounding space.

Li Pingfan hurriedly avoided, not daring to hesitate.

Boy, why are you like a mouse, you only know how to hide and hide, dare you take the punch from grandpa, Zhou Wu said.

Li Pingfan didn't speak, but while Zhou Wu was speaking, Li Pingfan punched out.

Zhou Wu dodged easily, and punched out again casually.

Li Pingfan came behind Zhou Wu in a flash, and punched out again.

Fuck me, Zhou Wu blasted at Li Pingfan.

And Li Pingfan's speed is gradually increasing at this moment, and his fists are waving faster and faster.

Fuck me, bang, Zhou Wu punched Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan only showed a wicked smile.

You can go to see Hades, Li Pingfan instantly gathered his aura on this punch, and swung it out instantly.

At this time, Chen Ye saw the big man and went, it was not good.

But Li Pingfan's speed was too fast, it was too late, and he punched Zhou Wu in the middle.

Squeak, click, only the sound of bones breaking all over the body can be heard.

Pfft, Zhou Wu spat out another mouthful of blood, his whole body was smashed by Li Pingfan, and his internal organs were also smashed by Li Pingfan.

After Zhou Wu fell to the ground, everyone from Qixia Sect stepped forward to check.

But within a few breaths, Zhou Wu lost his breath.


		