

Liu San lay at Li Pingfan's feet and begged bitterly with his hoarse voice.

Li Pingfan didn't even look at Liu San, who walked up to the villagers.

Everyone looked at Li Pingfan, wanting to speak but dared not speak first.

At this time, the whole audience was silent, deathly silent, even Liu San who was under his feet did not dare to make any pleading sounds.

At this time, Li Pingfan stood straight in front of everyone in the room, looking at all the people present without saying a word, some even knelt down, still chanting about the miracle doctor, and some had mocked Li before. Ordinary people are slowly moving out, as if they want to escape from this place of purgatory immediately, and secretly swear in their hearts that they will never meet this person again.

Uncles, brothers and sisters, whether those present can testify for my bet just now, Li Pingfan asked lightly.

Everyone returned to reality at this moment, and replied, we can testify, we can all testify for Xiaoyou, this miracle doctor Liu, no, it is Liu San, a liar, and Xiaoyou won the bet with Xiaoyou.

Well, Li Pingfan nodded in satisfaction, and looked at Liu San.

So many people can testify, so you must be punished if you lose. You should hurry up. Before I change my mind, I may wait a while. I will make your condition worse. You still have ten years to live, use this time to do more good things.

As he said that, Li Pingfan picked up another silver needle and was about to stab Liu San. Seeing this, Liu San quickly became afraid, and disappeared without a trace in a flash, and everyone around him was in a hurry. Laughing, some are still talking, did you see that a big black mouse just ran over with a swish.

Li Pingfan looked at Hu Bo, Hu Bo hugged Hu Yinger deeply, tears welled up in his eyes, Li Pingfan couldn't help but look at him.

Everyone also saw this scene, and was about to step forward to speak, but was stopped by Li Pingfan. Li Pingfan shook his head lightly at them, and said softly, please go back first, let their children and grandchildren say something.

Hearing this, all the villagers quietly dispersed.

Li Pingfan stood there for a while, really not wanting to interrupt the warmth of their children and grandchildren, but there was no way, because although Hu Yinger's illness had been treated, it hadn't been cured yet.

Huber, Miss Yinger, I really don't want to interrupt you, but what I want to say is that Miss Yinger's illness still needs to be recuperated before it can be cured, and it has not been cured yet.

Hearing this, Huber knelt down in front of Li Pingfan, doctor Li, please cure my granddaughter, as long as you cure her, I can do anything, saying Kowtow down.

Li Pingfan helped Huber get up very fast.

Huber, don't worry, I will definitely cure Miss Ying Er's illness.

After speaking, he walked straight to the front of the three-color green snake and took him out.

Seeing this, Huber was a little puzzled, and asked, Doctor Li, what is the use of this snake? Isn't this fake? Is this really a three-color green snake?

Huber remembered Liu San's words just now, and thought about his disgraced appearance at the end, and shook his head, as if he understood something.

Huber, don't be so polite, just call me ordinary.

This three-color green snake is not fake, it is indeed real, and this three-color green snake has lived for fifty years, so it is already considered a very expensive thing here.

Hearing Li Pingfan say this about me, Hu Bole blossomed, as if he was happier than he had a wife.

That ordinary little friend, can this three-color flower green snake cure my granddaughter's illness?

Li Pingfan nodded, but said that it is possible, but there is still a lack of medicine.

What medicine, no matter what it is, I will definitely bring it to you.

This medicine is tricolor flower.

Three-color flower, Huber said, I have never heard of this. Where can I step on this medicine, I will find it right away.

Li Pingfan looked at Uncle Huber's anxious look, and wanted to laugh for some unknown reason.

Oh, ordinary little friend, stop making fun of the old man.

Li Pingfan took out a small flower from his hand, which is the tricolor flower.

The three-color flower grows around the three-color green snake. When you caught the three-color green snake, I took the three-color flower by the way. I didn't expect it to work so quickly.

Huber looked at his granddaughter, and he was so excited that nothing seemed so important at this moment.

Then, ordinary little friend, please cure my granddaughter as soon as possible. The old man is very grateful for this, and he knelt down again after saying this.

Li Pingfan quickly supported Huber, and said, don't worry, Huber, I will definitely heal.

Hu Bo troubled me to bring me a dagger, and was taking a bowl to catch some water. Before I finished speaking, Huber would be in the house. Li Pingfan shook his head with a smile.

After a while Huber brought out what he needed.

Li Pingfan put the three-color flower into the clear water, grabbed the three-color green snake and cut a small wound with a dagger, let the blood of the three-color green snake flow into the bowl, absorbed the blood of the three-color green snake The three-color flower that was so beautiful instantly faded into the water, and three colors appeared in a bowl of clear water.

Li Pingfan handed the bowl of water to Hu Yinger and asked her to drink it. Li Pingfan sat cross-legged again and played "Zhuan Lingjue". The ground leaned forward, spit out a large amount of black blood, and spit out a very disgusting little bug. The little bug looked around on the ground and then flew away quickly. The speed was so fast that it was almost invisible to the naked eye. less than speed.

Li Pingfan just stood up, looked at the pool of black blood on the ground, looked at the direction where the bug flew away just now, and sighed in his heart, if I have the strength to practice Qi now, you can't escape.

Huber looked at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan nodded to Uncle Huber. This time, Miss Yinger's illness has been completely cured. Let Miss Yinger rest for a while. She is very weak now. Uncle Hu picked up Yinger Hu and walked into the house.

Cuckoo, Li Pingfan's stomach growled, thinking that he hadn't eaten for a long time, and that he had expended so much energy, Li Pingfan was already starving.

Huber also heard it when he walked out of the house, saying that you should go to the house to rest for a while, ordinary friends, and the food will be ready immediately.

Li Pingfan didn't refuse either, the food will be ready after a while.

They ate, drank and chatted. Li Pingfan continued to ask Huber about the knowledge of this world, but Huber kept thanking him.

They drank and talked like this.

Slowly the sky dimmed down.


		