

Li Pingfan looked at Li Wei who was kneeling on the ground, and walked out of the crowd.

Seeing this, Li Wei desperately grabbed Li Fanfan's hand, and stared at Li Fanfan with help-seeking eyes.

Li Pingfan shook it off vigorously, and walked forward again.

Don't you want to die?

Seeing death without help, Li Pingfan still hears such words so harshly, he is plunged into deep memories.

Li Pingfan's saving people depends entirely on his mood. If he is in a bad mood, even if he gives himself all the wealth, he is not rare, but if he is in a good mood, he will do his best to heal even a beggar, so at that time, some people said He is called Immortal Doctor of Skilled Hands, and some call him Immortal Doctor of Cold Blood.

It was the same situation at that time, exactly the same as now, kneeling on the ground and begging him bitterly, begging him to save his father.

But no matter how much he begged, Li Pingfan remained indifferent, and finally his father died of the serious illness.

Now I never expected that I would encounter the same situation as before when I just arrived here, and I still made the same choice this time.

Li Pingfan walked towards the crowd.

Do you believe what Sister Weiwei, a quack who doesn't know where she came from, said, you must also be aware of the strength of my Lu family.

Lu Feng walked up to Li Wei's ear and said in a soft voice, see you at night, and walked out of the crowd as he spoke.

Wait a minute, you can't go yet.

Didn't you run away? Did you come back to humiliate yourself?

I'm going to show you who it is that's humiliating itself.

Haha...I'll wait for you. Lu Feng couldn't help laughing.

Li Pingfan walked up to the head of the Li family, glanced at Li Wei, and said, you are lucky if you are in a good mood today.

Oops, I was in a hurry to go out today, and I didn't bring the silver needles with me. Did any of my friends borrow the silver needles?

Hearing this, the audience roared with laughter. As a doctor, he didn't even bring his own weapon when he went out.

But how did they know that Li Pingfan never carried such things, and usually used spiritual power.

Young man, you can use mine. At this time, an old man handed Li Pingfan his silver needle, and Li Pingfan quickly thanked him.

Li Pingfan took off the clothes of the Patriarch of the Li family and prepared to give the needle.

Everyone was looking at Li Pingfan, and Lu Feng was a little flustered when he saw Li Pingfan's acupuncture technique.

No, his acupuncture technique is even better than grandpa, Scar boy, you go and find out who this person is, I want to get his information as soon as possible.

Lu Feng knew that he really had a hard time this time. Lu Feng took advantage of the fact that everyone's eyes were on where Li Pingfan was, and quickly squeezed out of the crowd with his group.

Li Pingfan used extremely fast and skillful techniques to administer the needles, dazzled the people around him.

Li Pingfan took the last needle, and said to Li Wei with the rest of his strength, the needles on his body will be pulled out in two hours, if you want him to die faster, you can also pull out the needles earlier .

Give way, everyone, who called the ambulance, quickly put the patient on the table, hearing this voice, everyone gave way.

Li Pingfan also took advantage of this time to leave quietly.

Here, here.

Whoever is the family member of the patient, please get in the car with us, and Li Wei gets in the ambulance with everyone.

Hello, I am Liu Zhiyuan.

Liu Zhiyuan, Li Wei thought for a while, and felt that this name was very familiar, as if they had heard it somewhere.

Liu Zhiyuan nodded slightly.

My name is Li Wei.

Then this must be the head of the Li family, Mr. Lee Kuan Yew.

Li Wei nodded.

Why are there so many silver needles on his body? Could it be that Lu Sheng made the move? This kind of acupuncture technique is impossible for ordinary people to perform, and only Lu Shengshou has such ability here.

Li Wei felt relieved when she heard this, and finally let go of her heavy heart. Since Dr. Liu said that this acupuncture method is unusual, there was no need for her to worry before.

Before, Li Wei was still worried about whether it was right for her to beg that person. What if grandpa... Li Wei didn't think about it, and didn't dare to think about it.

Now that Dr. Liu said that this acupuncture technique is unusual, it means that Grandpa's condition is improving.

This is not the needle given by Lu Sheng.

It's not Lu Shengshou, who the hell is that? When did such a number one person appear in our Binhai again.

I don't know either, Li Wei told Liu Zhiyuan all the incident, and said that after Lu Feng administered the needle, Lee Kuan Yew had only eight hours to live. Liu Zhiyuan was a little shocked by the technique.

On the other hand, after Li Pingfan left, he walked forward for a while, and heard, "The thief was caught, the thief was caught, and he saw a woman in front of him chasing a man. The man covered his face and couldn't see clearly." appearance.

Li Pingfan looked at the girl in front again. The girl's small melon-seeded face was slightly flushed. The big amber eyes are clear and flawless, the innocent breath carries the temptation to commit crimes, the pink lips, and the long amber hair dances with the speed of running.

When Li Pingfan saw the masked man running towards him, he turned sideways and let him run over, then walked forward.

Hey, that thief ran past you just now, why didn't you stop him, a loud voice came into Li Pingfan's ears.

Li Pingfan didn't want to talk to her at first, but was directly held back by her.

Are you in the same group as him? If you run in front of you and give him a place, you two are definitely in the same group, you can't leave.

Li Pingfan was a little dazed, and asked why I couldn't leave?

Hmph, you really are accomplices, you want me to chase him and then let you run, right? Don't I know about your small thoughts? It's not that easy to run.

Li Pingfan really didn't understand it very well, because he didn't want to cause trouble when he first arrived here. He had already provoked some kind of Lu family today. If he caused trouble now, he might have to change places, but he just arrived here.

Well, let go first, can I help you chase him?

This is what you said, and this is your only chance to prove yourself.

As soon as the words fell, Li Pingfan ran forward.


		