

Chapter 134

leave

Perpetual motion machine, you can understand it this way, as long as I am in this mountain, my physical strength is unlimited, and my energy is also unlimited. If people of the same level want to defeat me, it is almost impossible, unless, The strength far surpasses me, otherwise I would be invincible here, the little girl said arrogantly.

Seeing such an arrogant little girl, the two of them were speechless. Although what they said was true, they always gave people the urge to beat her up.

Did you kill those villagers before that? Li Pingfan asked casually.

Those people, although I didn't kill them, still died on this mountain, I am also somewhat responsible.

At first they entered this place by mistake after going up the mountain. Because there are many formations here, they are still ordinary people, so after coming to this place, it is easy to trigger the formations, so... the little girl did not say go down.

Then he went on to say that a Taoist priest came to this mountain a few years ago. In the first few days, he was trapped by the formation of this mountain. I wanted to rescue him, but he walked all the way. After breaking all the formations, I used the spirit stone to persuade him to leave in his dream, but he didn't know what to do, so I seriously injured him. Later, I was afraid that he would reveal my secret, so I wanted to kill him. He, because I couldn't go down the mountain, unfortunately he ran away.

Yes, he did escape down the mountain, but he died after he fled down the mountain.

After I heard this, the villagers who went up the mountain said it. Fortunately, he didn't disclose my affairs.

Was it you who spied on me secretly that night, Li Pingfan said.

Yes, when you first went up the mountain, I felt your difference, so I have been leading you here.

Why did you bring me here?

Hey, my old lady has lived on this mountain for more than 50 years, and she is so bored to death. I happen to feel that you are a little different from the people before me, so I just want to fight with you.

Li Pingfan was speechless again.

That's at the fork in the road...

Before Li Pingfan could finish speaking, the little girl said first, and it was also me.

I have one last question.

you say.

Do you know that there is a large formation in this village.

Big formation, what big formation, the little girl looked at Li Pingfan and said.

It seems that you don't know that there is a large formation in this village, and he is absorbing all the spiritual energy between the heaven and the earth, but this large formation has not been opened, and what puzzles Li Pingfan is that the one that has not been opened However, he can continuously absorb the aura of heaven and earth in the large formation. What is the purpose of the people who set up this large formation, Li Pingfan does not know.

So Li Pingfan asked the little girl this question.

How is it possible that the unactivated formation can absorb the aura of heaven and earth.

Hearing such an answer, Li Pingfan felt a chill in his heart. He knew that the little girl in front of him didn't know such a thing, so it seemed a little unnecessary.

Because I have never been down the mountain, I really don't know the big formation you are talking about. If I can go down the mountain to see the big formation, maybe I will know something, but I still can't go down the mountain. The little girl suddenly Open your mouth and say.

So when can you go down the mountain?

Well, what about this? I do not know either.

Li Pingfan once again had a black line on his forehead, what is it all about, she doesn't know all her questions, and Li Pingfan laughed at herself after asking so many questions in vain.

What are you thinking, the little girl is not in a good mood at this time.

Oh, I forgot, you can read minds, Li Pingfan slapped his forehead and said.

And at Grandpa Luo's house at this moment.

Grandpa, haven't you found Brother Pingfan yet?

Yes, he didn't come back all day today?

Yes grandpa, he didn't come back all day.

I also asked the people around me just now, and they all said that I saw him go up the mountain, but did not see him go down the mountain.

Grandpa, do you think he is still going up the mountain and not coming down?

There is this possibility.

Then let's go up the mountain to find Brother Pingfan.

It's getting late now, if we go up the mountain now, I'm afraid Grandpa Luo won't continue talking.

Grandpa, since Brother Pingfan came to our family, he is a member of our family. We can't ignore Brother Pingfan's life and death just because of danger.

Haha, it's a lot of age, and there is no little girl who can see clearly. Grandpa Luo laughed at himself.

Anyway, Xiaoxue and grandpa go up the mountain, let's find Li Pingfan.

Xiaoxue nodded happily and followed Grandpa Luo up the mountain.

Grandpa, there are three roads here, are you sure it is this road?

Yes.

Ah, why so sure, Grandpa.

Because, since the people who walked into it decades ago, have never come out.

Ah, Luo Xue was shocked. She never thought that Grandpa Luo went up the mountain with himself with the determination to die.

Grandpa, I'm sorry, Luo Xue said softly.

Haha, Xiaoxue, it's okay, since we've already come, there's no need to regret it, but if something happens later, you can definitely go back the same way, don't worry about me, you know?

No, Grandpa Luo, I don't.

Silly girl, listen to grandpa.

No, Grandpa Luo, I won't go.

Hey...

On the other hand, Li Pingfan and the others were talking freely at this time.

No, someone is here, the little girl said hastily.

who is it? Li Pingfan said.

An old man and a little girl.

What, when Li Pingfan heard the little girl and the old man, he immediately remembered that it was Grandpa Luo and Luo Xue.

It was they who came to me.

you recognize? said the little boy.

Li Pingfan nodded and said.

I think it's time for me to leave, and I'm afraid I won't be able to have a happy fight with you at this moment, Li Pingfan cupped his hands and said.

The little girl also understood what Li Pingfan meant. Although it was a pity, he should go, because the people who came here would definitely not be able to break through the formation in the mountain. But he can't let outsiders see him, so it's inconvenient for him to help.

Well, I'll ask the little boy to send you away, without his guidance, it would be very difficult for you to go out, the little girl said.

Li Pingfan nodded and was not polite.

After that, Li Pingfan followed the little boy and left here.


		