

Chapter 104

leave

You two, he still can't die, you ask my Wumeng to take him back to torture him and then give it to you, what do you think, Qian Bojun said.

So what good can you do us?

Here is 500 million, you two take it first, and after I torture him, I will send it to the two of you, how about you?

Since Brother Qian said so, we are too embarrassed to refuse, so I will accept the money first.

Hahaha, Qian Bojun, you have asked them, but you have not asked me if I agree, said Nalan Jie, who was accompanying Qian Bojun at the moment.

Patriarch Nalan, what does this mean?

You can't take him away.

Why?

Because he is what the person above wants to protect, so you can't take him away.

Hahahahaha, Nalanjie, don't think I don't know your purpose, we are all similar, don't pretend to me, no matter who is here today, I have to take him away.

Qian Bojun, don't be ignorant of good and bad, let me advise you, it's best to let him go.

Nalan Jie, I just won't let him go, even if the Heavenly King Laozi comes today, I won't let him go.

Oh, really?

At this moment, an old man walked out of the crowd at some point. Although he looked very old, he was full of vitality.

Senior Meng Jianping.

Almost all the people present shouted politely at the same time.

Xiaoqian, you can’t take this person away today. After all, he is a contestant in my martial arts conference. If he hurts someone from your martial arts league, he will be taken away and tortured by you. Will my future martial arts conference Is there still a need to hold it? You say yes, Xiaoqian.

However, Senior Meng...

Meng Jianping turned around and looked at Qian Bojun, Qian Bojun's legs trembled in fright.

Okay, Xiaoqian, take your people and leave, I won't pursue this matter.

Qian Bojun could only nodded tremblingly and said, good.

After Qian Bojun left, Li Pingfan was helped by Wu Yanxia and Li Mo to rest.

And you guys, don't you want me to ask you to leave if you don't go?

Senior Meng, he killed... Elder Wang said.

The Martial Arts Conference has rules, and a life-and-death agreement has been signed, so your person died on the ring, which has nothing to do with Li Pingfan. If you want to fight here, it is disrespectful to me and all the organizers of the Martial Arts Conference. So, you'd better leave as soon as possible, otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.

Elder Wang, let's go first, don't provoke him, this matter is not over yet, let's go back and make plans first, Deacon Li whispered in Elder Wang's ear.

After listening to Deacon Li's words, Elder Wang nodded slightly, and then said, let's go.

Raksha Temple saw that the people from Shura Hall had left, so it was not good for him to stay here, so he left the Martial Arts Conference with the people from Shura Hall.

After the crowd left, all the people present also left the Martial Arts Conference.

After everyone left, Meng Jianping said to Li Pingfan and the others.

I can only help you up to here, and you need to solve the following things.

Thank you Senior Meng, Lee Kuan Yew, Wu Zhiguo, Feng Zhenghao and others for coming quickly.

Li Pingfan also walked up to Meng Jianping at this time, cupping his fists to express his thanks.

After that, Li Pingfan and others also left the martial arts conference.

Thank you for your help. After everyone returned to the place where Li Pingfan lived, he spoke to them.

Hey, ordinary little brother, you are too polite, you don’t need to thank us, besides, we couldn’t save you, if it wasn’t for Senior Meng’s rescue in the end, maybe even us… Feng Zhenghao sighed and said .

That's right, ordinary little friend, we didn't do much, Wu Zhiguo also said.

Hey, ordinary, we... hey. Lee Kuan Yew also shook his head and blamed himself very much.

Hahahahahaha, Li Pingfan burst out laughing suddenly.

The people watching were very worried, especially the two girls Li Mo and Wu Yanxia. The tears in the corners of their eyes could no longer be held back by Li Pingfan's loud laughter.

Deacon Feng, I don't think I will go back to Binhai this time, Li Pingfan said.

What? You don't know Binhai, where are you going?

The world is so big, where is not home.

You go back with us, as long as you are in Binhai, I believe they will never do anything to you, Wu Zhiguo said.

Yes, Li Pingfan, come back with us, Wu Yanxia and Li Pingfan said at the same time.

No need, I have more important things to do, you guys go back, this way the goal is much smaller, otherwise... Li Pingfan didn't continue.

Because everyone at this moment also knew what Li Pingfan was going to say.

In this case, I don't think we all need to persuade him, Lee Kuan Yew said.

But if you have anything to do, please contact us in time, as long as my Li family can help, I will definitely help you.

And my Wu family.

And my Wumeng.

Haha, speaking of helping, I really have something to ask you to help me.

You just say it's okay.

Deacon Feng, I would like to ask you to take care of my friends and her. Li Pingfan pointed to Li Mo.

Presumably you also know why I went to the medical university. I originally wanted to leave after the mission was over, but unfortunately I may not be able to wait, so I would like to ask you to help take care of me.

Okay, I will definitely do it, I will never let the Lu family and the Zhang family run amok in Binhai.

Li Mo, don't let them know about my injury. There are some flowers and plants in my room, I hope you don't throw them away.

With tears in his eyes, Li Mo kept nodding.

Alright, I've finished my request.

Everyone looked at Li Pingfan with some distress but couldn't say anything.

At this moment, Li Pingfan took out a silver needle and stabbed it at his face. Afterwards, the luck technique mobilized his own aura to repair the scar on his face. After a while, Li Pingfan returned to his appearance when he first came to this star field.

Everyone looked at the difference, which was really shocking.

At this moment, Lee Kuan Yew remembered that this familiar face was the person who rescued him on the street at that time. Although he had known it for a long time, but seeing it again now, he also had inexplicable feelings in his heart.

After Li Pingfan recovered his face, Li Pingfan also asked them to leave first, because he had to leave Huacheng at night, otherwise it would be even more difficult to leave after tonight.

So Li Pingfan simply cleaned up and left Huacheng alone.


		