

Chapter Thirty-Four

late yellow peak

It really is you.

Wu Yanxia and Yan Lu came to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan ignored the two of them and walked up to the man with the golden eyes, and his eyes were already shattered.

Li Pingfan walked up to him and kicked again.

This time, you can tell where Lu Feng is.

The man was going to be tough, but what he didn't expect was that Li Pingfan kicked again, and this kick used 30% of Li Pingfan's strength.

what. . . With a loud cry, the man with the golden eyes was already in pain to the bone.

At this time, if you listen carefully, you can still hear the creaking and cracking of the bones.

Brother, I said, please be merciful.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, I thought you could still resist, but I didn't expect you to be so spineless, okay, tell me quickly, otherwise, your hand will be useless soon.

Wu Jian, you'd better think clearly about what will happen to you after you say it.

Just as Wu Jiang wanted to speak, he was interrupted by two people.

Li Pingfan looked at the two of them immediately, with a strange look in his eyes.

Li Pingfan walked up to them again, without any nonsense, directly crippled the limbs of the two of them, and both of them passed out from the pain without screaming.

Well, you can now say that Li Pingfan came to Wu Jian again.

Wu Jian's legs were trembling at this time, and he was also afraid that he would become the other two. Wu Jian never thought that he would meet such a ruthless person.

The one who dared to be disrespectful to him before went up and was beaten severely, and then he was like today, but before he stood up and others lay down, when he was so angry, even the Lu family would treat him three points tribute.

Just when Wu Jian was in a daze, Li Pingfan kicked again, and Wu Jian screamed.

Click, this time it was the sound of bones breaking.

Brother, I said.

Come on, I don't have that much patience, one minute, otherwise you will be like those two on the ground.

Brother, Young Master Lu is in room 808.

808 Wu Yanxia muttered something, and then said, it's not good.

808 is the room of Lu Feng's uncle. I heard that his uncle has returned from other places in the past few days, so it must be there.

Li Pingfan kicked Wu Jian away again.

Let's go and lead the way, Li Pingfan looked at Wu Yanxia and said.

There was no words during this journey. From Li Pingfan's performance just now, Wu Yanxia and Yan Lu were very shocked. This person is too cruel, and his limbs were broken if he didn't agree with each other.

Yan Lu was also afraid for a while, if she dared to provoke him at that time, there should be an extra place in the hospital now, at this time, Yan Lu felt a little bit more hatred for Lu Feng in her heart.

On the other hand, although Wu Yanxia was shocked, she couldn't see any abnormalities on her face.

But at this time, Wu Yanxia was thinking in her heart, what would happen if she faced three warriors in the middle of the Huang rank.

Although he can win, he still has to spend a lot of hands and feet, far from being as straightforward as Li Pingfan.

Could it be that the person in front of him has broken through to the Xuan level? Otherwise, it would be impossible to deal with these people so neatly. I heard from my grandfather that Xuanjie Wuzhe is terrifying. One person can defeat hundreds of people, and even a casual punch can smash a hundred catties of boulder. One can imagine this What strength is needed.

It's just ahead, Yan Lu said.

At this time, Wu Yanxia also stepped out of her thoughts, then nodded and said, room 808 is in front.

Li Pingfan looked at the two and said, do you want to go together?

Wu Yanxia nodded.

Boom boom boom.

Who the hell dares to spoil my good deed, let me know who it is, I must kill him, Lu Feng muttered and went to open the door.

Young Master Lu, long time no see, Li Pingfan walked into the room as he spoke.

After walking a few steps, he saw Li Mo lying on the bed. At this time, Li Mo had already been drugged.

Li Pingfan, okay, there is a way to heaven, you don’t go, and there is no way to hell, you just want to break in. It seems that you have to stay here today. After speaking, Lu Feng picked up the walkie-talkie and started talking.

Angkor, Angkor, Lao Zhou, Yu Ge.

Don't shout, they are resting now, don't disturb them.

Li Pingfan, what do you want to do?

Oh? What do I want to do, I really want your life.

Don't you just want Li Mo, I'm afraid you can't take him away, and you can't take my life away either.

Arrogant, Wu Yanxia said.

Sister Xia, are you going to lie in this muddy water too? I advise you to leave now, otherwise I may enjoy two beauties tonight, then I have to consider whether it is better to be the son-in-law of the Li family or the son-in-law of the Wu family. It is really difficult to choose.

Shameless, Wu Yanxia and Yan Lu said at the same time.

Lu Feng, aren't you afraid that the Li family will trouble you? Yan Lu said again.

Hmph, trouble, let the Li family come anyway, my Lu family has never been afraid.

As for the Wu family, it is indeed a little troublesome, but I heard that Mr. Wu has some health problems. I think the Wu family does not have the energy to compete with my Lu family.

At this moment, Yan Lu shot directly.

You, a trash who has just been promoted to the early stage of the Yellow Rank, dare to act presumptuously in front of me.

Lu Feng punched back directly, and Yan Lu stepped back a few meters.

You, when did you become a warrior.

At this moment, Lu Feng laughed. My grandfather said that I have the qualifications of a martial artist, so I will reach the middle stage of the Huang rank if I practice casually. Lu Feng did not hide his arrogance at all.

It's only in the middle of the Huang rank, so let me teach you a few tricks, Wu Yanxia couldn't help but said.

Sister Xia, forget it, I have found you a very good opponent this time, and he also wants to try your skills.

Uncle, come out, they are here.

At this time, a big man with slightly dark skin came out from the back room.

Let me introduce to you, this is my uncle Lu Guang.

I haven't seen Miss Wu for a long time. I heard that you want to find someone to compete with. I'll meet you. After talking nonsense, the two punched each other directly. Wu Yanxia stepped back two meters.

Wu Yanxia said in shock: "The peak of the late stage of Huang Jie."


		