

Who are you, Zhao Chuan is also called by you, I advise you to quickly kneel down and apologize to Brother Chuan, otherwise, you will not survive tomorrow. At this time, there is a man with an extremely wretched appearance and a black peaked cap on his head Be the first to speak.

Oops, isn't this bald man? How can he be Zhao Chuan's dog? Su Haokai hurriedly walked to Li Fanfan and said.

Damn, fat man, you are looking for death.

Bald man, you should think carefully about how to get your hair transplanted. It's a pity that you are already bald at a young age.

Su Haokai, I think you have lived enough. At this moment, Zhao Chuan's cold words spread to every corner of the place, and everyone who heard it was extremely empty.

Su Haokai shrank behind Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan patted Su Haokai's shoulder to comfort him.

Brother, I think you'd better not get involved in this matter, otherwise it won't end well in the future.

you threaten me?

No, I'm just trying to persuade you. After all, as the saying goes, those who know the current affairs are the best. I advise you to leave now. We will still be friends in the future. I will not blame the punch just now.

At this time, the younger brother next to him looked at Zhao Chuan in confusion, and seemed to be thinking in his heart, no, Brother Chuan usually hits up directly, and now the person opposite should be in the hospital, and he wakes up every three months Not coming.

Brother Chuan, we don't need to give him face, we will send him directly to the 18th floor of hell to meet the King of Hades, said another man with yellow hair.

Oh? Let me see Hades, I want to see if you have the ability, Li Pingfan said in a disdainful tone.

Brother, do you really want to take care of this matter?

Oh, isn't this Zhao Chuan? Chuan, why are you here?

At this time, a person walked towards him.

This person's name is Gou Rixin, who is also from Lu Feng. In our medical university, he is called Brother Gou. Su Haokai explained the origin of this person to Li Fanfan.

Seeing this person's arrival, Li Pingfan seemed to understand in his heart that there must be a fight today, otherwise he would not be able to get out of this street.

Li Fanfan originally thought that it would be fine to take Hu Yinger away. The life and death of others has nothing to do with him. After all, Huber also helped him, and he gave himself the three-color flower and green snake, so that he could break through to the Qi training period. This kindness Li Pingfan also remembered it in his heart.

Zhao Chuan felt a little displeased when he saw the person coming, but he also wanted to say some polite words.

This is not a dog.

Chuan, what's the matter, do you need my help?

It's a little thing, don't bother Brother Gou, just watch it from the side.

Gou Rixin showed a sinister smile, as if he felt the pleasure of achieving something great.

Okay, Chuan, you can rest assured to do your thing, I will watch by the side, if you can't do it, call me quickly.

When Zhao Chuan heard this, he was obviously a little angry, but he couldn't say anything.

He originally wanted to make a big deal into a small one, because Li Pingfan's attack before, he could clearly feel that the person opposite him was not simple, and he was not 100% sure that he could defeat him. He couldn't lift his head up in front of him, so he snuggled back.

Knowing the arrival of Gou Rixin, if he doesn't get back his position, then he won't be able to stay in this school, and he can't even get along with Binhai, so what Zhao Chuan hates most now is not the person who punched him , but this Gou Rixin who came out of nowhere.

Now Zhao Chuan had no choice but to bite the bullet. If he won the fight, it would be a good thing. If he didn't win, he wouldn't even dare to think about it.

Brother, let me advise you, you'd better leave now. At this time, Zhao Chuan was also praying in his heart that this person in front of him would disappear before his eyes quickly.

Li Pingfan pulled Hu Yinger up and started walking outside.

Wait a minute, I said you go, but she has to stay.

Li Pingfan's eyes were a little cold. Zhao Chuan would have died on Ziwei Star, but Li Pingfan knew that this star field had its own rules, so he couldn't kill people recklessly.

What if I have to take her away today?

Haha, Zhao Chuan looked up to the sky and laughed, then you won't be able to leave today. After speaking, Zhao Chuan took the lead.


		