

chapter eighty-eight

Go to Flower City

After Li Pingfan got home, he went indoors without even eating and took out the bronze sheet before studying it.

After a night of research, Li Pingfan didn't gain anything.

So Li Pingfan could only take out the source spirit stone to practice. After all, tomorrow he will go to Huacheng to participate in the martial arts competition, and his strength must be as high as possible.

Li Fanfan spent the day in cultivation, and Li Fanfan didn't get out of the cultivation state until Hu Yinger came back at night.

When Hu Yinger came back, she saw that Li Pingfan didn't seem to leave her room all day and night. She thought that something had happened to Li Pingfan, but she was afraid that if she disturbed Li Pingfan rashly, it would disturb Li Pingfan's thoughts, and Hu Yinger fell into a tangle. In the midst of a few breaths, Hu Yinger decided to go and see Li Pingfan.

So, Hu Yinger called out cautiously: Brother Pingfan, are you in the room? can i go in

Li Pingfan opened the door, and Hu Yinger walked into Li Pingfan's room.

When Hu Yinger first stepped into Li Pingfan's room, she couldn't believe it. For other things, there are only a few pots of flowers and plants, it is too simple, this is Hu Yinger's idea.

You are back, where is Li Mo?

Oh Momo, Mo Mo she went home.

home again? , I wondered if something happened to the Li family.

Presumably you haven't eaten yet, let's call Su Haokai Four Eyes and Huang Mao to have a meal together later, I have something to tell you, Li Pingfan said.

Something happened, Hu Yinger panicked in her heart, thinking, are you going to leave, I want to go wherever you are going, don't leave me behind, Hu Yinger had many thoughts at this moment.

But she was only half right.

Li Pingfan waved at Hu Yinger and shouted, what's wrong with you.

Only then did Hu Yinger come to her senses, oh, it's okay, I'll just call them, then where shall we eat?

Just stay at home, just as Li Mo is not there, just let them come back to the villa in an hour.

After speaking, Hu Yinger called each of them to inform them to come to the villa to gather an hour later.

And Li Pingfan was indeed busy in the kitchen by himself.

An hour passed quickly.

Su Haokai and Huang Mao Siyan also came to the villa.

As soon as Su Haokai entered the door, he shouted: Brother Fan, I haven't seen you for a long time, I miss you so much.

Brother Fan and us too, Four Eyes and Huang Mao shouted at the same time.

Well, you are here too, the food is ready, let's eat.

Everyone came to the table one after another.

Brother Fan, is this your cooking?

Yes.

It's so delicious, can I come here for dinner every day, Su Haokai said brazenly.

Yes, but if you come, you do it.

Ah, forget it, I don't know how to cook, Su Haokai said.

Everyone had a great time eating this meal.

Are you ready to eat? Li Pingfan asked.

Well, Brother Fan, this meal is really delicious.

Well, then I have something to tell you.

Brother Fan, if you have something to say, don't take it so seriously, we will definitely help if we can.

Well, then I would like to thank you in advance.

Brother Fan, don't be so polite, you have helped us a lot, and even taught us martial arts, if you have anything to say, just leave it to us, Su Haokai said.

Then Huang Mao and the others randomly joined in.

Well, I'm leaving tomorrow.

what, where are you going?

As soon as Li Pingfan spoke halfway, Su Haokai was surprised.

Huang Mao and Siyan were also surprised, and said at the same time, Brother Fan, where are you going? Are you in any trouble?

And Hu Yinger's eyes seemed to be filled with tears, thinking that you will leave after all, our encounter is always so short, after you leave this time, I don't know when we will meet again, Hu Yinger was thinking wildly.

You...Where are you going? A soft voice came, and it was Hu Yinger who asked again.

Seeing Hu Yinger's delicate and pitiful face, Li Pingfan thought she was not feeling well? Quickly asked, what's wrong with you?

Hu Yinger blinked her eyes, and the teardrops that had been swirling around her eyes still fell down. Seeing this, Su Haokai and the others also understood why Hu Yinger was crying.

Brother Fan, where are you going? Look, Yinger is crying.

After Su Haokai's reminder, Li Pingfan knew why Hu Yinger was crying.

So he quickly said, I'm going to Huacheng tomorrow, and it will take several days to come back. I want you to take care of them at school, and it should be fine. Li Pingfan just whispered the last sentence.

After hearing Li Pingfan's words, Hu Yinger's previously unhappy face instantly recovered. He thought that Li Pingfan would never come, so he had to go there to find him in the future.

So this is the matter, Brother Fan, don't worry, don't worry, if they leave it to me, I will definitely protect them, Su Haokai said confidently.

Well, it's getting late, you guys should go back soon, Li Pingfan said.

Alright Brother Fan, let's go first, and then gave Li Pingfan and Hu Yinger a meaningful look.

After several people left, Li Pingfan returned to his room to continue his practice.

Another night.

After a day and a night of practice with the source spirit stone, Li Pingfan's cultivation at the third level of Qi training has become more stable, but there is no sign of breaking through the fourth level of Qi training, but it is right to think that he wants to break through Qi training within a few days The fourth floor, in this star field, is comparable to reaching the sky.

Li Pingfan got out of the state of cultivation, and after a brief tidying up, he left Binhai in Feng Zhenghao's car and headed for Huacheng.


		