

Chapter 91

fear

Ah, eat me, a man in Taoist uniform punched Li Pingfan, Li Pingfan dodged sideways, and directly kicked, this person in Taoist uniform rolled down the ring, this coherent movement is smooth and flowing.

How long has it been since this started? Someone fell down the ring in less than 20 seconds? Everyone in the audience gasped, this person is too scary, who is this person, why have I never heard of it before, do you know who he is? People under the ring asked the people around them one after another.

I don’t know, I’ve never heard of it, he’s too powerful, no matter how unbearable he is on the other rings, it’s impossible to knock someone down in less than 20 seconds, this is not a level at all opponent.

I hope I won't be in the same arena with him tomorrow, some people have already started praying not to be in the same arena with Li Pingfan.

Sure enough, he became strong again, Wu Zhiguo and Feng Zhenghao whispered.

And the people outside the Martial Arts Conference gasped when they saw Li Pingfan's operation just now on the screen, thinking who is this, this is too fierce, can anyone in Huacheng stand shoulder to shoulder with him? ?

Of course there is. Didn’t you see that Liu Hao in the last group? He is a member of Huazong. After playing for less than 5 minutes, he rested on the stage for almost an hour.

There is also Meng Ziyi in the first group. He can be the descendant of the Meng family in Liangzhou, and he can single-handedly pick five people and knock them all out of the ring in three minutes.

There is also the young master of the eighth group of my Huacheng's Fenggemen, Feng Zelong, he can be the arrogance of Fenggemen, it is said that he has stepped into the realm of the earth at the age of 27 this year, and was rated as the most likely A character who stepped into that realm.

Also, there is the Lu family from the ninth group of my Huacheng, Lu Meng, the eldest lady of the Lu family, she is only 23 years old this year, and she has also reached the half-step realm, and there is He Chenguang, a casual practitioner.

There are too many, so I won't give examples one by one. There are so many masters in Huacheng, so I'm afraid he is not one.

Haha you are right, you are right.

People around are chatting freely.

At this time, the rest of the people on the stage were dumbfounded. What happened to this person, he fell down in one fell swoop? This is too fast, forget it, I'd better find someone else, don't mess with him, or I might be the next one to be eliminated.

So where Li Pingfan was standing, no one attacked him.

Brother, have you seen that woman over there? Her strength is not high, let's knock her out of the ring first, what do you think?

Brother, you have a good idea, let's go together.

The two rushed directly to Wu Yanxia's direction.

Little sister, get out of the ring obediently, or don't blame our subordinates for being ruthless, hahaha, the two said with a wicked smile.

Don't think about it, Wu Yanxia resisted with all her strength, and after a few minutes, Wu Yanxia was defeated and kept dodging.

After all, Wu Yanxia has just entered the early stages of the Profound Rank, and it is not easy for the two of them to persist in their cooperation. At this moment, Li Pingfan came to Wu Yanxia's side in an instant, and knocked down the two who were chasing Wu Yanxia with two punches. Afterwards, Wu Yanxia was pulled aside.

Fuck, this person is too shameless, flirting with girls in the arena, at this time, everyone around the stage is cursing Li Pingfan for being shameless, and even the people in the arena think Li Pingfan is a bit too much, you Although powerful, you can't flirt with girls openly, saying that everyone on the stage stared at Li Pingfan viciously.

Boy, you'd better not meddle in other people's business or don't blame us for being rude to you.

Oh? Yeah? I take care of it, why are you so rude?

Brothers, since he just openly teased his sister in the ring, what's the point of us fighting here? Let's get this guy out of the ring first. I don't believe there are only twenty or so of us who can't beat him?

Yeah, we should join forces to kick him out of the ring first, then we can have a fair fight.

That's right, brothers, let's go together.

After finishing speaking, everyone started their exercises and rushed towards Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan was not in a hurry, and also used his skills, punching one punch, and in a short while, five people were knocked down under the ring and were eliminated.

How about you, do you want to continue?

Brothers continue to attack, he must have consumed a lot of physical strength in the few blows just now, we continue to attack, he will not last long.

Boom, boom Li Pingfan solved two more punches again, Li Pingfan had enough fingers and said to come again.

At this time, none of the people on the stage dared to act rashly.

But at this moment, a person on the field directly attacked the person closest to the ring, causing this person to be eliminated directly.

You, you dare to sneak attack.

Haha, sneak attack, the ones who can stay in this arena are the strong ones. If you exhaust your energy to find trouble with someone you can't beat at all, aren't you dying slowly? So, if you can send one away now, it will save us energy later, won't it?

After this person's operation, everyone felt that what this person said was right, wasting energy on people they couldn't beat, that's not a waste of energy, so the remaining dozen people fell into a melee again, and then it was obvious, Li Pingfan and Wu Yanxia stood aside and watched them fight directly.

And Li Pingfan was still pointing at the side, operating with a broken mouth, making people extremely annoying, but if there is no other way, you can't beat him, and you dare not say it, so you can only endure it.

And Wu Yanxia who was on the side laughed wildly, the two were very unhappy in the ring.

And the audience in the audience and the surrounding audience's hatred for Li Pingfan increased a lot.

Wu Zhiguo and Feng Zhenghao also didn't expect Li Pingfan to do such a thing, and they both laughed helplessly.

Boom, with the sound of a bell, it proves that the competition of the sixth group is over.

Next, please invite the next group to the ring, the people on the stage shouted with loudspeakers.


		