

Chapter Fifty-Three

Rescue Hu Yinger

This is whose younger brother just made a mistake in front of Brother Qiang, so he pulled me down and beat me, Zhao Ming said first.

Why don't you let me finish my sentence?

What do you want to say, if you make Lao Tzu unhappy, you know the consequences, Bald Qiang said.

Brother Qiang, this is a whisper, I need to whisper it to you.

Haha, boy, come on.

At this time, the man walked up to Bald Qiang's side and grabbed Bald Qiang's neck.

Bald Qiang, if you don't want anything to happen, let her go, pointing at Hu Yinger.

Haha, boy, you know what, you mentioned the iron plate. You don’t want to inquire about what I am Bald Qiang. If you dare to come to my hand to force someone, you don’t even know how you died. After talking about Bald Qiang, it was just an elbow. Take a few steps back.

Congratulations Brother Qiang, you have also entered the ranks of warriors.

Bald Qiang smiled, don't worry, as long as you do things for Zhang Shao at ease, you can also enter, you all can, after finishing speaking, Bald Qiang smiled again.

You are really beyond your control, you know that no one can take someone away from my bald head.

The voice did not fall, only one sound was heard.

Yeah?

Li Pingfan walked slowly from a distance, and he seemed to have a strong aura, and the surrounding air was a little frozen.

Hmph, are you that one again?

Li Pingfan.

Those three short words made the people around tremble a little, and some didn't, because they had never seen Li Pingfan's cruelty. I haven't seen it with my own eyes, so I don't have much fear in my heart for those who haven't seen it, but for those who have seen Li Pingfan's brutality, this is a demon king. Lie down for three months.

You, you, didn't you go to Li's house? When did you come back, Zhao Ming said.

These are not you who know, let people go, kneel down and apologize, the hand touched her, Li Pingfan pointed at Hu Yinger, and then cut off his arm, I will not hold it accountable.

A plain sentence made everyone stand upright, and some people who had seen Li Pingfan's methods immediately peed their pants.

Hmph, boy, you are so crazy, you don't even know how to kneel down and say hello when you see Brother Qiang.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan didn't talk nonsense, just punched. The punch was so fast that the people around were stunned. Bald Qiang didn't react at all, and lay on the ground directly.

Say one more thing about letting people go, otherwise you will be the next one to lie down.

Those who were holding Hu Yinger unconsciously put down their hands and kept away from Hu Yinger.

At this moment, Bald Qiang came directly in front of Hu Yinger, holding a dagger on Hu Yinger's neck.

Boy, I don't care who you are, but you can't take her away today. If you dare to take a step forward, I will kill her right away, with a bald head and a strong smile.

Li Pingfan shook his head secretly and said, it is indeed useful for you to do this, but are you not afraid that I will kill you?

Haha, kill me, even if you kill me, it is worth it to have such a beautiful woman to accompany me to die.

Well then, you put down the knife, I'll go. After speaking, Li Pingfan turned his head and left.

Hahahahaha, just him fighting with me, boy, you are too tender, and those around who have not seen Li Pingfan's methods also laughed.

Brother Qiang, you are the best, so he is like this.

Haha, everyone around laughed.

At the moment when everyone was proud, they saw Bald Qiang flying upside down tens of meters and fell down. At this time, everyone saw clearly that it was Li Pingfan. There was only three seconds in the middle, and the people who were still laughing at this time realized how terrifying the person in front of them was. If it was me who flew out just now, then I must not see much of the sun tomorrow.

Li Pingfan pulled Hu Yinger to the man who rescued Hu Yinger before.

Brother Fan, you are here.

Uh, this sound made Li Pingfan very familiar. Li Pingfan turned his head and looked over. What he never expected was that this person turned out to be a yellow-haired person. However, he dyed his hair black. For a while, Li Pingfan Didn't see it.

Yellow hair why are you here.

Haha, Brother Fan, it’s good that you’re here, I’ll talk about my business later, let’s settle the immediate matter first.

Li Pingfan nodded, then asked Hu Yinger to stay with Huang Mao, and walked straight in front of Bald Qiang.

Li Pingfan stepped on Bald Qiang's hand and exerted light force, only to hear the creaking sound of bones breaking, and at the same time, Bald Qiang also cried out.

How do you feel, Brother Qiang?

Hmph, Young Master Zhang will avenge me, boy, you wait, I will definitely kill you, and then he yelled again.

Li Pingfan kicked off Bald Qiang's right leg.

Li Pingfan turned to look at Zhao Ming, come here.

Zhao Ming timidly walked towards Li Pingfan, plopped, knelt down and begged, Brother, I was wrong, please forgive me, I will never dare again next time.

Li Pingfan laughed, do you still want to have a next time?

Zhao Ming slapped himself, brother, I said the wrong thing, and I will never do it again.

Fuck, do you still want to have a future?

I'm sorry, brother, I said the wrong thing again, and I will never do it again from now on.

Hey, you still want to go from now on.

At this time, Zhao Ming felt so miserable that he couldn't tell, he thought to himself, big brother, if you want me to die, just say so.

Well, I am not a person who likes to fight, so I will spare your life this time, but if I see you again next time, then you know the consequences.

Take your people and get out, Li Pingfan came to Hu Yinger's side after speaking.

How's your yellow hair? Where's your yellow hair?

Hey, it’s a long story, Brother Fan, since you moved out of the dormitory, people have been making troubles one after another. I also want to protect myself, so I have no choice but to find a power to live in. I also just joined Zhao Ming’s power today. I didn’t expect When this happened, I wanted to help Brother Fan save my sister-in-law, but I didn't expect it to be self-defeating.

After Huang Mao finished speaking, Hu Yinger next to her saw a trace of shyness on her frightened face.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan quickly said, Huang Mao, don't talk nonsense, she is not your sister-in-law, she is my friend.

Hey, Brother Fan, you don't need to say too much, I understand.

Li Pingfan seemed very speechless and did not refute, but this time Hu Yinger next to him raised her mouth slightly, looking a little playful and very cute. This scene was indeed seen by Huang Mao accidentally, and Huang Mao also strengthened his heart guess.

Let's go, let's talk while walking.


		