

Chapter 114

Lin Jiaqi Lin Bo left

After Wang Yao and others left, Li Pingfan left with Nalan Jie and returned to his home in order to prevent Wang Yao and the others from killing him. After Nalan Jie sent Li Pingfan back home safely, he arranged for several people After secretly observing every move of Shura Hall, Nalan Jie also left after the arrangement was completed.

After everyone left, Li Pingfan went to the kitchen to cook a table of good meals and put them on the table.

After Lin Jiaqi and Lin Bo finished their meal, Li Pingfan said earnestly.

Lin Bo, Jiaqi, I think it's time for you to leave Liangzhou.

Lin Jiaqi knew what Li Pingfan meant by saying this, and Lin Bo also seemed to have guessed Li Pingfan's intention.

Lin Jiaqi picked up the dishes after dinner, but Lin Bo showed a peaceful face. Seeing the actions of the two, Li Pingfan felt an inexplicable feeling in his heart. If possible, he really didn't want to ask them to leave, but his own Only I know the situation best, and I have the means to save my life, but what about them? What if the people in Shura Palace couldn't find me and threatened me with them? After all, after getting along for a while, Li Pingfan's heart is not made of stone, and he will never let it go, so the best bibimbap at present is to let them leave, and now is the best time for them to leave. When all my enemies know that they are in Liangzhou, even if they want to leave, they may not be able to leave.

Lin Bo, what do you and Jiaqi need me to pack for you?

Lin Bo still looked at Li Pingfan peacefully.

Just as Li Pingfan was about to speak again, Lin Bo said.

Human beings are born with nothing, so where can dust be gathered? We, Jiaqi, don't have anything to pack. If we need to leave, Jiaqi and I will definitely leave this place and won't cause you any trouble.

no...

Lin Bo waved his hand.

Li Pingfan was about to speak when he was interrupted by Lin Bo.

In fact, with so many people here today, I already understood. Anyway, Jiaqi and I came to Liangzhou just to miss the old people. We just met you in Liangzhou and cured my terminal illness. Logically speaking Said, no matter what troubles you have, we should not leave you, but I know that you are also thinking about us and for us, so I think it is time for me and Jiaqi to leave here.

Lin Jiaqi, who was listening to her grandfather's words in the kitchen, now had tears in the corners of her eyes that fell quietly to the ground.

And Li Pingfan seemed to be in charge of this parting scene, so he seemed very calm, but there were still some small touches in his heart.

After Lin Bo finished speaking, Li Pingfan took out some things and handed them to Lin Bo.

Lin Bo has 200w in it, you go back to Binhai immediately, this money can allow Jiaqi to study well at school, by the way, after you return to Binhai, you go to Feng Zhenghao from the Wumeng, this is him phone number, here is a letter, you give him the letter, he will know what to do.

Lin Bo pushed the money back to Li Pingfan and said, there is no need for the money. When you are away alone, it is inevitable that you will need the money. You should keep it. I will pass on this letter of recommendation for you.

Li Pingfan knew that they would not want the money, so he took it for a while, thinking about slipping it into Lin Jiaqi's pocket later.

Jiaqi, are you ready? We should, we should go, Lin Boyu said earnestly.

Grandpa, I'll be fine soon, Lin Jiaqi said.

After finishing speaking, Lin Jiaqi took out her mobile phone and secretly took a photo of Li Pingfan, then walked to Lin Bo's side.

Grandpa, I'm fine.

Well, now that we've packed up, it's time for us to leave. Fortunately, this place is not far from Binhai, only a few hours away, Lin Bo said with a smile.

Alright, let's go then, Lin Bo said to Li Pingfan.

Well, I'll see you off.

Lin Bo didn't refuse, because he didn't know if this was the last time.

The three of them were silent all the way.

Soon the three arrived at the airport.

After Li Pingfan sent Lin Jiaqi and Lin Bo to the plane, Li Pingfan sent another text message to Lin Jiaqi.

I have already bought this house in Liangzhou. The key is in your pocket. It will be much more convenient for Grandpa Lin when he wants to come to Liangzhou again. By the way, he must study hard after arriving in Binhai.

On the plane, Lin Jiaqi touched her pocket and found a key and a card. This card was the card that Lin Bo had withdrawn from the membership before.

Lin Jiaqi handed these things to her grandfather. After Lin Bo looked at it, a few tears seemed to fall from the corners of his eyes, and the tears that Lin Jiaqi had been rolling around his eyes when he saw this scene will eventually fall.

On Li Pingfan's side, after seeing the plane leave, the most worrying thing in his heart has been resolved. Now even if the people from Shura Temple find him, he is not afraid at all. If he can't beat it, he will run away. Li Pingfan is confident and has no other skills. But the ability to escape is definitely the strongest.

So Li Pingfan hummed a ditty and returned to his home.

As soon as Li Pingfan arrived at his home, his cell phone rang.

Li Pingfan picked up the phone.

Sending them away is the best choice, obviously this must be the call from Nalan Jie.

Is there anything else? If it's okay, I'm going to sleep, Li Pingfan said.

Nalan Jie is really not in a good mood, you little bastard, didn't I call to care about you, you are impatient.

Hey, Patriarch Nalan, I know what you mean, and I thank you very much. Believe me, I will be at Nalan's house in three days.

three days? I'm afraid I won't be able to wait.


		