

Chapter 94

Wu Yanxia's Showdown

Please invite No. 2 Huacheng Lu Jia Lu Meng to face No. 39 Huacheng Wumeng Tian Zhong.

Brother Tian should be gentler in a while, Lu Meng said charmingly.

Hmph, Miss Lu, this trick of yours is useless to me, don't worry I won't show mercy.

The two exchanged pleasantries on the ring, and with the sound of the start of the match, they each shut up, and Lu Meng shot directly.

This punch was completely different from the previous charming figure. Tian Zhong raised his hand and punched again, and the two punches collided with each other.

After dozens of rounds of competition, the two did not decide the winner, they were still fighting each other.

Lu Qianjin, you have to be more careful next time, Tian Zhong's mouth turned up to show a sinister smile.

Then Tian Zhong punched Lu Meng directly, and at this moment Li Pingfan felt something strange.

No, this is, this is a fake technique. Li Pingfan was shocked. Seeing the fake technique, Li Pingfan couldn't help it. What he didn't expect was that there was a fake technique in this star field.

The so-called pseudo-skills are those that touch the level of skills. For example, Li Pingfan's wind control technique is a real technique, but there are conditions for practicing skills. Your skills must be able to cultivate immortals, and this The practice of cultivating immortals has extremely high requirements on the aura of heaven and earth, and it must be pure aura of heaven and earth. As far as Li Pingfan knows, Li Pingfan has never seen such a technique in this star field. Dharma is suitable for practice in this world. The aura they absorb is mixed with a lot of impurities, so logically speaking, they cannot touch the level of art, but this time Li Pingfan actually saw a fake art here. , although there is a big gap with the real art, but in this world, if you learn the fake art, then you will be much stronger than the warriors of the same level.

While Li Pingfan was still in shock, Tian Zhong on the ring punched Lu Meng with a punch. This punch Tian Zhong hooked the power of heaven and earth, and used fake techniques to make his punch, both in terms of strength and speed. increased several times.

Boom, Lu Meng also punched Tian Zhong with one punch, and the two fists collided again, but this time when Lu Meng's fist just touched Tian Zhong's fist, in an instant, Lu Meng flew upside down tens of meters, and fell down in response. When he got off the ring, traces of blood were still showing from the corner of his mouth.

At this moment, everyone on the field was stunned. They couldn't believe it. Lu Meng, who was evenly matched before, was kicked off the ring by Tian Zhong.

Could it be that Tian Zhong was playing tricks on Lu Meng before?

All the spectators are discussing.

At this time, the referee was also a little dazed, and did not announce the result of the competition in time.

The referee can announce the result, Tian Zhong said.

Oh, yes, in the second battle, Huacheng Wumeng Tian Zhongsheng won.

Everyone didn't understand why Tian Zhong won, but Li Pingfan knew. Li Pingfan thought that since there were fake arts in this star field, would there be real ones? Li Pingfan put a question mark in his heart.

Next, please No. 3 and No. 38

No. 38 wins.

No. 4 and No. 37 please.

Number 37 is win.

After several rounds, it was finally Wu Yanxia's turn to play.

Please invite No. 6 Binhai Wujia Wu Yanxia to face No. 35 Huacheng Huazong Liu Hao.

With a sound, Wu Zhiguo looked at his granddaughter and was about to speak.

Grandpa, you don't have to overthrow me, I have my own measure, I will be careful, Wu Yanxia showed a sweet smile, but when Wu Zhiguo looked at Wu Yanxia's smile, he felt a little bitter in his heart.

After Wu Yanxia came on the field, the game started with a sound.

Wu Yanxia attacked Liu Hao.

Liu Hao calmly responded to Wu Yanxia's attack. After Wu Yanxia experienced dozens of attacks, the corners of Liu Hao's mouth rose slightly to reveal a wicked smile, but it only took a moment before he recovered.

Not good, Li Pingfan thought to himself, Wu Yanxia is in danger.

As soon as this remark came out, Wu Zhiguo stared at Wu Yanxia firmly, but Feng Zhenghao asked a little puzzled, how could it be possible that Xiaoxia was clearly on the offensive and didn't see a tendency to lose.

Although she is not defeated now, she is afraid that she will die on the ring if she can't hold on to a few moves.

As soon as these words came out, even Wu Zhiguo, who had been staring at Wu Yanxia before, couldn't hold back.

Ordinary little friend, I beg you to save her, I know you can.

Li Pingfan didn't say much nonsense, and directly unfolded his consciousness and started sound transmission through the air.

Quickly admit defeat, the three words floated into Wu Yanxia's ears.

Wu Yanxia immediately stopped attacking and said I admit defeat.

Not only Liu Hao was a little confused by this operation, but even the referee was a little confused. What's the situation? Why did you admit defeat when you were still attacking.

But Liu Hao was a little angry. He wanted to use all his strength to save Wu Yanxia's life in the next move, but at this moment he wanted to admit defeat. Hao was angry.

It's just that the opponent has already admitted defeat, and he can't kill him again, otherwise Huazong will be hunted down by all warriors, and Huazong will cease to exist in that case.

After Wu Yanxia stepped off the ring, she ran to Li Pingfan's side.

Thank you for saving me, Wu Yanxia said shyly.

Li Pingfan just nodded in response.

grandfather.

Xiaoxia, you scared me to death.

Grandpa, I'm fine, I just want to go on stage and try to gain experience for the next martial arts tournament.

Thanks to the ordinary little friend this time, you will thank the ordinary little friend a lot in the future.

Yes Grandpa, I see. Wu Yanxia went to Li Pingfan's side again to express her gratitude.

By the way, I still want to ask, how did you find out that Liu Hao wanted to kill me.

This is also the question that Feng Zhenghao and Wu Zhiguo wanted to ask, but they couldn't ask because of their own face.

In the duel between you and Liu Hao, he could obviously knock you out of the ring with three moves, but why did he use nearly thirty moves? If he didn't have the intention to kill you, he could obviously have done it within three moves Knocked you off the ring, but he just kept going backwards with dozens of moves. He obviously wanted to consume your strength, and then directly blasted you to the top of the ring.

And have you noticed that during the duel of more than 20 moves, Liu Hao's mouth clearly showed a hint of evil smile, just from this point I am more sure that he will kill you in the ring.

After listening to Li Pingfan's analysis, everyone felt that it was very reasonable, but Feng Zhenghao sighed in his heart. Is the young man in front of him really only eighteen years old? Feng Zhenghao once again questioned Li Pingfan's age in his heart.

Although Wu Zhiguo knew that something would happen to Wu Yanxia, ​​he didn't dare to think that Liu Hao planned to kill Wu Yanxia. Fortunately, with Li Pingfan's timely help, otherwise Wu Yanxia would have been bombarded and killed in the ring.

Thank you, Wu Zhiguo said to Li Pingfan, and Wu Zhiguo also thanked Li Pingfan from the bottom of his heart.


		