

Chapter 87

Broken Ancient Bronze Tablet

Soon, the two of them came to the auction again, it was yesterday's Box 6.

It's just that there seem to be more people today than there were yesterday.

Next, let's invite us to the first lot. We only saw a dead four-faced beast on the stage of four people. He has a pair of wings, but his head is not similar to any bird's head, especially his body is very small. Huge, the light length must have a length of more than ten meters.

The host on the stage was explaining the four-faced beast, but everyone in the audience was confused, because no one had ever seen this thing before.

But Li Pingfan knew what kind of species this was.

Li Pingfan did not expect this species to exist in this star field. This ancient beast is called Shanpeng, and his pair of big wings are definitely treasures. Peng's pair of big wings, the Shanpeng clan will definitely hunt you down forever.

As for Shanpeng's wings, if human beings can practice extremely fast spells, then Shanpeng's wings are definitely an extremely suitable material. With Shanpeng's wings, your speed will be twice as fast as that of the other party at the same level of cultivation , This is the benefit of Shanpeng Chi.

While Li Pingfan was thinking about Shanpeng, people in the audience had already started shouting.

2000w

2200w

2500w

Everyone is also asking prices one after another.

Li Pingfan originally wanted Feng Zhenghao to help him take down Shanpeng's corpse, but then he thought about it and forgot it, as long as he remembered that it was that person who took the photo, and he would have a chance to fool Shanpeng's corpse in the future , Li Pingfan made a mental calculation.

When the last hammer fell, this Shanpeng was auctioned off by No. 202 at a price of 30 million.

After the first round of auction was completed, the host took out the second lot.

The moment the host on the stage took it out, Li Pingfan couldn't help it anymore. It turned out to be a broken ancient bronze piece, and this ancient bronze piece was exactly the same as the one he got before. He knew the function of this ancient bronze piece, but it always gave him the feeling that this thing was definitely useful.

Li Pingfan said to Feng Zhenghao, help me get this bronze piece.

Feng Zhenghao nodded.

After the host on the stage explained, the auction started with a low price of 300w, and the price increase was not less than 10w each time.

320w

350w

350w once.

What everyone didn't expect was that there were not many bids for this item. The host on the stage saw that the situation was not right, so he began to introduce the history and mystery of this bronze piece.

400w

After listening to the host's explanation, No. 585 shouted 400w.

Seeing this, Feng Zhenghao also knew that it was time for him to act.

410w

Feng Zhenghao is not a fool either, he knows that the price increase should be increased slowly, if it is added up all at once, it will definitely cause gouging.

The guest of the private room No. 6 has made a bid at 410w.

410w once.

410w twice

420w

430w

Just after calling out 420w, Feng Zhenghao directly called out 430w.

430w once, there is no bid.

twice

Three times, deal. Congratulations to private room No. 6 for winning the bronze film at a price of 430w.

At this time, in a room at the auction: Young Master, the bronze piece was obtained in Box 6.

I see.

Does he know the secret of the bronze piece?

This will not be known until the end of the auction.

The young master thought, hahaha. Alright, master, I'll make arrangements now.

Please come to the next lot.

After a few rounds.

Li Pingfan also became bored, and just wanted to get up and do some exercise.

At this moment, a burst of strong aura came over the stage, and Li Pingfan was stunned. This is... this is Yuan Lingshi. The lot on his stage is just a very beautiful stone, and there is no difference between him and him.

But Li Pingfan is indeed a little incredible. He never thought that he could see the source spirit stone in this star field. This kind of stone can store a lot of spiritual energy, which is a hundred times that of ordinary spirit stones. The popular explanation for this star field is that a piece of spirit stone It is equal to one dollar, and one source spirit stone is equal to 100 dollars, its value is incomparable, let alone in this star field where spiritual energy is rare.

And the people in this star field don't know his value, which is actually related to their skills. Because their skills are dissipated bit by bit in the heaven and earth aura, and they are constantly revising their skills, that's why they feel The most pure heaven and earth aura between the source spirit stone and this world.

Li Pingfan can feel that the aura of the source spirit stone is also related to the kung fu he practiced. After all, what Li Pingfan practiced is the kung fu that can truly become a fairy, so he can easily feel the purest aura in the world.

Li Pingfan didn't say much this time, he just exchanged a glance with Feng Zhenghao, and Feng Zhenghao instantly understood what Li Pingfan meant.

Immediately after the host finished explaining, Feng Zhenghao got the source spirit stone at the final price of 5 million.

At the next auction, Li Pingfan didn't have anything to look at again, so another day ended, and the auction came to an end. Li Pingfan and Feng Zhenghao left the auction.

When leaving the auction, Feng Zhenghao gave Li Fanfan the items that Li Fanfan needed, and the two parted again.

At the time of parting, Feng Zhenghao also reminded Li Pingfan that he would go to Huacheng together the day after tomorrow.

At the same time, Li Pingfan made a request to the Martial Arts League to ensure the safety of Hu Yinger and Li Mo during his absence. This is also the most worrying thing for Li Pingfan.

Of course, the Wumeng also readily agreed. The Wumeng is still capable of solving these trivial matters. If they can't even guarantee these, they can't guarantee that Li Pingfan will go all out for them.

After Feng Zhenghao left, Li Pingfan found Wu Zhiguo, and after chatting for a few words, Li Pingfan returned home.


		