

Chapter 136

Go to Qixia Mountain again

After getting in the car, Li Pingfan took out a book on the practice of spiritual power. This book was given to Li Pingfan by the little girl before he went down the mountain.

Li Pingfan took it out now because he wanted to practice in the car. He wanted to spend some time, but it is a pity that time will not wait for anyone. Now that he is stronger, the chances of rescuing the Bai Jinghu couple will be a little bit better, and his own survival The probability will be a little bit stronger.

After a night of practice, they have arrived at the foot of Qixia Mountain. At this moment, many warriors have rushed to Qixia Mountain. In order to prevent these people from finding him, Li Pingfan waited until everyone went up the mountain, and a group of them went up the mountain.

After an hour had passed, there were no warriors going up the mountain, so Li Pingfan walked up the mountain until Li Pingfan's spiritual sense could spy on the location of Bai Jinghu and his wife. A secret place to hide away.

Because of Li Pingfan's spiritual practice overnight, his mental power has also improved, but the time is too long, and the improvement is quite limited.

Now Li Pingfan's spiritual exploration can reach a range of 300 meters.

Li Pingfan, when shall we go in, Luo Geng said.

Li Pingfan made a silence gesture to them, because he needed to use his spiritual sense to explore, and he couldn't be distracted, otherwise it would be easy to be exposed.

At this moment, the white crystal tiger cubs came to a familiar place. They thought they were coming to see their parents, but they were brought here by Li Pingfan. They had roughly guessed that their parents were in danger, but they believed Li Pingfan, so he followed Li Pingfan all the time, not daring to make any noise.

Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness again, and found that there were hundreds of people around Bai Jinghu and his wife, and there were three people closest to Bai Jinghu, two young people, and an old man. From this old man, Li Pingfan Feeling the pressure, the strength should not be underestimated, but the strength of the two young people on the side seems a bit average.

Li Pingfan was looking at a group of people around him.

Sure enough, Wang Yao also came to this place, but the people beside Wang Yao were more majestic, and Wang Yao seemed a little terrified when he was beside him.

Uh, I didn't expect Wu Zhiguo to come too. Sure enough, Bai Jinghu's temptation is definitely not ordinary.

With Wu Zhiguo, Li Pingfan's success rate of rescuing Bai Jinghu and his wife has improved a bit.

Li Pingfan explored again.

Li Pingfan saw another acquaintance, Nalan Jie, unexpectedly he also came, it seems that his chance of escaping has also increased.

Seeing his two old friends, the heavy stone in Li Pingfan's heart was relieved.

Even if he couldn't escape by then, he was absolutely confident that he could rescue Bai Jinghu and his wife.

The next few people, Li Pingfan is also somewhat familiar, but most of them are just a one-sided relationship, and they haven't even spoken to each other. There are also some who have some grievances with themselves, such as the old man in the Raksha Temple, who was hunted down by the Raksha Temple, and his participation was indispensable.

But Li Pingfan didn't know most of them.

Now that we're here, you go back, you can't take these two white crystal tigers with you.

At this moment, a young man among the three closest to Bai Jinghu spoke.

Who do you think you are, so arrogant, if you tell us to leave, we will leave? Wang Yao couldn't help but said.

Presumably you are the elder Wang Yao of the Asura Palace, why do you think that you can be invincible in the world if you have the strength of the peak late stage in the secular world? said the young man.

Haha, kid, I don't know if you are invincible, but your tone is a bit loud, why do you want us to leave with one word, we will leave.

You don't need to leave, but there will only be one end for you, and that is to die here.

Haha, arrogant, I didn't expect you to have a serious tone at such a young age.

Immortal, my young master will let you know today that we are an existence you cannot afford to mess with.

As he spoke, the young man pointed out that countless light spots appeared around him, and with a wave of ease, countless light spots rushed towards Wang Yao crazily.

This is the first time Wang Yao has seen such an attack, he did not expect such an attack method to exist in this world.

Although it seems to be very strong, but the power is not great, Wang Yao raised his hand and punched out, and the oncoming light spots were scattered in all directions.

Wang Yao has never seen such an attack method, and he is a little curious, but with his own strength, it is definitely impossible for this kind of attack to hurt himself.

Before Wang Yao was happy, the expressions of the people beside Wang Yao changed, as if they had thought of something.

So he hurriedly asked, may I ask if you are the living sect with the family.

Hahahaha, you are still sensible, know how to ask me and other sect forces, you all listen carefully, the young master will never say it a second time.

We are the kings above Qixia Mountain, Qixiamen, this is my senior brother, Zhang Heng, and he is my Qixiamen's Seventh Elder, Liu Ran, and I am your young master, Zhang Huan.

Qixia Sect, among the crowd, some important figures know what Qixia Sect represents, but it is a semi-hidden world sect, and their fighters are completely different from those in the secular world.

From the blow just now, they knew that the exercises practiced by these semi-hidden world sects were completely different from the ones they practiced. What they practiced would only increase their own strength and speed, and their attacks could easily be destroyed with a single blow. It is a long-range attack, standing still can take the opponent's life.

The difference in strength between the secular world and the semi-hidden world sect may not be visible in the early stage, but when it reaches the heavenly level, the gap between them will become wider and wider.

After they heard Qixiamen, they also shut their mouths that wanted to refute.

And the people of Qixiamen were already happy when they saw these people sending them off like this.

Now that you all know, don't you hurry up and leave? Do you still want me to ask you to leave? Zhang Huan said.

Yoyo, who is this? Such a loud tone almost scared me to death. At this moment, a man's voice came from a distance.


		