

Chapter Seventy-Seven

Zhang Shaohuang's Conspiracy

Leave, don't think about it, I'm not convinced, I want to continue the competition, Su Haoxuan said with some dissatisfaction.

Xuan Er.

Father, I am not convinced, I will definitely keep them here again.

Now that the bet has been made, if you lose, you lose, and my Su family is not someone who can't afford to lose, but Su Haokai, don't forget that you are a member of my Su family after all, you can take him away.

Thank you Master.

After Su Haokai thanked him, he followed Li Fanfan and left Su's house. When he left, he just turned his head and looked at his parents with tears in his eyes.

On the way back, Su Haokai confessed his life experience to Li Fanfan.

After today's experience, Li Pingfan also has a general understanding of the Su family, but what makes Li Pingfan puzzled is that he really does not know what the sacred duty of the Su family's head is, and only Su Haokai who is next to him knows these questions.

So Li Pingfan asked Su Haokai about these things.

After brewing his emotions, Su Haokai said, "Sacred duty, the so-called sacred duty in their mouths, you have actually experienced it.

Li Pingfan didn't understand why he didn't know what he had experienced and when.

When did I experience it, Li Pingfan asked.

It's the bet of the test, what they call a sacred duty. In fact, Brother Fan, you have saved me from this catastrophe today, otherwise I would be the one who tested the poison today.

If I were to try these three poisons today, I'm afraid whether I would still be alive is another matter. Su Haokai's eyes were a little rosy when he said that.

Brother Fan, thank you, really thank you, Su Haokai's voice is very low.

Li Pingfan patted Su Haokai's shoulder to comfort him.

By the way, what puzzles me is that they can go to some people in the secular world to test their own poison, why do they have to use their own family to test?

Brother Fan, you don’t know that there are people in the secular world who will test poisons for money, but do you think that if people in the secular world try these three kinds of poisons today, would it be possible for them to survive?

What Su Haokai said is true, if people from the secular world are really allowed to try, it is absolutely impossible that they will not survive a few breaths, but there will definitely be exceptions, but these exceptions are very few.

And the members of the Su family have developed some anti-toxicity in their bodies because they have been soaked in various herbs and poisons in the Su family for many years. Even if they eat the poison, they will not die instantly, and they can also get it from them. Useful information, so as to configure the antidote, so the Su family's own talents are the best candidates.

Presumably you saw a person with half of his face covered today, that is my third uncle, half of his face was disfigured by these poisons.

This Li Pingfan did see it, but he didn't think much about it at the time. Now that Su Haokai said it, he immediately felt that the Su family was like the Thousand Poison Sect on Ziwei Star, but they would use outsiders to conduct experiments.

Speaking of it, the Su family is not bad, it only harms their own family, otherwise, this country will definitely not be able to accommodate this family.

At the same time, several people in Room 0088 of the Phoenix Bar are plotting something. If Li Pingfan is here, two of them must be familiar to Li Pingfan. These two are exactly two of the three apprentices Liu Zhen brought over.

Several masters, the person I asked you to help me kill is very skilled, at least he has reached the middle stage of the mysterious rank.

How strong are the warriors in this place, and they are still in the middle stage of the Mysterious Rank, so don't worry about leaving it to our brothers, and the rest of us can go back. Staying here will also add to the chaos.

The two scumbags of Huazong were too arrogant. At this moment, a burly man walked out from the crowd.

Brother Tiger.

People around him call him Brother Hu.

Who am I, it turns out to be Feng Zehu from the Fengge Gate, why don't you stay at your Fengge Gate, how dare you come out and bark.

Hmph, you two Huazong dogs are too embarrassed to come out, why shouldn't we.

Besides, your master is famous, he can come out, why not our Fenggemen.

Oh. By the way, isn't your master afraid to take revenge anymore, Feng Zehu said jokingly.

The two knew that their master had gone to take revenge, but they were disturbed by a young boy. Speaking of this, the two were also a little angry. They were defeated when they were supposed to win, but fortunately, this matter did not spread. Well, both the Wu family and their own people have blocked the news. They thought that the Wu family would spread the news, but the Wu family did not do so, which is also very puzzling to them.

But this matter, they can't say.

Alright, you guys, stop arguing. Since my father invited you over, we must be the same to the outside world. Why bother fighting among ourselves? At this time, Zhang Shaohuang saw that something was wrong, so he hurried out to smooth things over.

Seeing that the boss had spoken, the people on both sides stopped arguing.

Young Master Zhang, all of our people have come, what do you say, Feng Zehu said.

Needless to say, Young Master Zhang, if you tell us who he is, I will bring you his head directly, said one of the Huazong members.

Liu Shu, do you have a brain? Since Young Master Zhang asked so many of us to come here, how could it be possible to only want his life.

Brother Liu calm down, this brother Hu is right, I really want his life, I want to rape the woman he wants to protect in front of him, I want to make his life worse than death, let him bring me All pain is paid back.

People on both sides gasped, this man is really vicious, he can kill people without nodding his head, yet he wants to rape his wife and daughter in front of others.

But people on both sides can only obey, after all, they can spend a lot of money.

So Zhang Shaohuang told them his plan.

By the time Li Fanfan and Su Haokai came to school again, it was already night. Along the way, Li Fanfan and Su Haokai talked a lot, and got more information about the Su family from him.

As soon as they arrived at the school, they saw that Huangmao Siyan and Hu Yinger were waiting for them, and even Yan Lu was protecting a few people not far from them, but the three of them didn't see it. Yan Lu and Li Pingfan felt more at ease.

Li Pingfan and Su Haokai walked in front of the three of them.

Brother Fan, fat man, are you all right?

It's okay, with Brother Fan around, how could something happen, Su Haokai said.

Are you OK? Hu Yinger walked to Li Pingfan and asked softly.

Li Pingfan looked at the shy girl in front of him, and he really wanted to laugh, but there was also this trace of warmth, but it was only fleeting.

I'm fine.

Have you been waiting here all day?

That's right, Brother Fan, I heard that you and Su Haokai were taken away, we can't contact you, so we can only wait here.

Then you haven't eaten yet.

Hmm...no, Huang Mao said with some embarrassment.

Well, let's have dinner together, Li Pingfan said.

Hey, come along, Li Pingfan turned his head and shouted in Yan Lu's direction.

Everyone turned their heads and shouted, Yan Lu.

Then the group went to the restaurant.


		