

Chapter 133

origin

Little brat, this girl didn't intend to kill him at first, how could I kill such a fun person.

Li Pingfan fell asleep after hearing this.

you...

I know you want to ask me why I didn't kill him, kid.

The little boy nodded.

Hey, I can't kill him, you saw the battle just now, if I forcibly kill him, he will definitely fight to the death, then both sides will be hurt, what benefit can I get?

And this person is different from those before. I don't know if there is any big background behind him, and I don't know if they are people from there, but judging from his strength, he doesn't look like a person from the secular world.

Here it is, Li Pingfan seems to have come to a new world at this moment, the surroundings are pitch black, and he can't see his fingers. After a while, the surrounding darkness slowly brightens.

Brother Pingfan, Li Pingfan was still so sweet when he heard Hu Yinger's voice.

Fanfan friends, Li Fanfan, Brother Fan, Li Fanfan is still so kind when he hears the voices of his friends.

At this moment, Li Pingfan heard that sound again.

Don't you want to know your own history?

Who are you, who am I, who am I, Li Pingfan shouted.

There was no answer, just silence.

Boom, a huge energy surged into Li Pingfan's body crazily, and Li Pingfan's spirit was crazily impacted by this energy. One minute, five minutes, ten minutes, an hour passed in a short time, and Li Pingfan was still there. persist in.

At this moment, Li Pingfan's mental power, as if he had experienced a flood of beasts, continued to disintegrate, and then reorganized again. After more than ten times of repeated destruction, Li Pingfan's mental power became more solidified, and at this moment this energy can no longer be used. Shattered Li Pingfan's mental strength.

Li Pingfan felt his spiritual power carefully, and it was indeed more solid than before. Li Pingfan could explore a range of 150 meters when he unfolded his consciousness. In other words, his spiritual power increased twice as fast.

You are awake, the little boy said when he saw Li Pingfan woke up.

And Li Pingfan slowly opened his eyes, saw the little boy beside him and said, thank you.

Just thank him, don't you need to thank me? The little girl also came to Li Pingfan's side at this time.

Li Pingfan gave the little girl an angry look.

It's really not a good heart, if it weren't for me, would you have gotten such a big benefit? said the little girl.

What do you mean by that, Li Pingfan asked with some doubts.

The little girl pointed to the spiritual stone under Li Pingfan and said, you are lying on the spiritual stone now, have you experienced the tempering of your spiritual power, has your spiritual power been improved now?

Li Pingfan nodded.

These are all due to me, if I didn't let you lie on it, do you think you can improve your spiritual power so easily?

Li Pingfan looked at the stone under him, but he had never seen this kind of spiritual stone, because in every previous life, the way Li Pingfan practiced spiritual power was to improve his strength, so Li Pingfan never deliberately improved himself The spiritual power of a person often increases with the improvement of strength.

Li Pingfan looked at the little girl and was a little puzzled. He didn't understand why he didn't kill him, and he didn't understand why he didn't kill him, and he wanted to give himself such a big benefit.

Li Pingfan just wanted to open his mouth to ask.

I know you want to ask me why I didn't kill you.

Li Pingfan was stunned, this question was indeed what Li Pingfan wanted to ask.

It's a secret, I can't tell.

Li Pingfan had a black line on his forehead, thinking, what kind of talk is this, why can't he say it.

I know what you're thinking, but I really can't say it.

What else do you want to ask?

Li Pingfan was about to ask again, but...

Do you still want to ask why this good luck was sent to you?

You can read minds, Li Pingfan said slowly.

Oh, I was discovered by you, the little girl said shyly, covering her cheeks.

On the other hand, the little boy and Li Pingfan looked speechless.

Well, my girl is in a good mood today, and I haven't had such a good fight in a long time, so let's take it as my compensation for hurting you.

Then, who are you guys, Li Pingfan asked.

To be honest, I actually don’t know who I am, I just remember that I came to this place fifty years ago and have been living in this mountain since then, and this little kid was born decades ago , was seriously ill, and wanted to die on the mountain, but in the end I couldn't bear it, and rescued him, and I have been living on this mountain since then.

Now that it's been decades, why do you look like...

Do you mean so small?

Li Pingfan nodded.

In fact, I don’t know, I was born with a certain connection with this mountain, but my body can never grow up, and because the little kid has lived with me for a long time, so it has become like this.

If you have anything else you want to ask, please ask. I am in a good mood today, so I will help you answer the questions. But after answering, you must play a game with me.

Ah, Li Pingfan was speechless.

I can feel no aura fluctuations from you, but you can use spells, and your aura seems to never dry up.

Jufa, is this it? The little girl raised her hand and there was a fireball in her palm.

Yes.

Well, I have been able to do this since I was born, and I can’t feel the aura you mentioned. As for why I don’t feel tired, it’s because of this mountain. As long as I’m on this mountain, I can feel it. Never get tired.

I said why are you like a perpetual motion machine, Li Pingfan muttered helplessly.


		