

Brother Tie, I was beaten, so I asked him which department he was from, and he just kicked him when he came up, and I also reported your name, and he said what Wang Tie was.

After Wang Tie heard it, his anger immediately came up. He was in a bad mood at first. Lu Shao confessed that he had not completed his task. This time he will definitely be beaten by Lu Shao. If someone dares to scold him now, this is for sure Can't bear it.

Little brat, you beat my brother? Kneel down and kowtow ten times to grandpa in a sensible way, and let it be over, otherwise you will have to go to the hospital in a while.

I will also give you a chance now, if you kneel down and kowtow to me ten times, the incident just now will be written off, otherwise you will be the one who will enter the hospital soon.

Damn boy, you are crazy, do you know who grandpa is.

Yoyo, who are you, why haven't I heard of it, tell your name, let me listen to your grandfather, and see if you can scare me, a voice came from behind Li Pingfan.

Lin Shao, this is our own business, and I hope you can look at the face of the people behind me and don't intervene in this matter, otherwise it will not end well for anyone.

Who is the person behind you? Tell me to listen, don't scare me with the person behind you, let him come out and talk to me, it's not your turn to talk here, I will protect this person today, I see who dares to touch him today hair.

Whoops, who is this awesome? Isn’t this Young Master Lin? Why can’t you get along in the business school? Come to our medical university to find a sense of presence?

Yo, who am I supposed to be? It turned out to be a dog in front of Lu Feng. How dare you talk to me like this? Go, your master called to speak to me.

Hmph, who do you think you are, the child of the second room of the Lin family, can you give us Brother Feng a comparison? Our Brother Feng is the future Young Patriarch, I advise you not to meddle in other people's business, otherwise don't blame me for not reminding you .

Lin Peng, let's not meddle in other people's business. After all, this is not our territory. If we fight together, we will suffer, and it may cause unnecessary trouble for Lin Yi. A very shrewd man treats Lin Yi Peng said.

Thank you for your kindness, I will solve it myself, Li Pingfan said to Lin Peng and his group.

That brother, you have to be more careful yourself, this group of people relies on someone behind them to back them up, and their attacks are extremely vicious.

Thank you Brother Lin Peng for your reminder, I will pay attention.

Little bastard, what is the name of your department? Tell Master Tie to take care of you in the future. After finishing speaking, everyone behind him burst out laughing.

Li Pingfan sneered in his heart, you group of lifeless people shook their heads secretly again.

Why should I tell you? are you my son If you call me daddy, then daddy will tell you, there is no way, after all, this is all fatherly love, this is what Li Pingfan read in the book and can just use it today.

Damn it, I think you are looking for death, so go ahead, Wang Tie waved his hand and all the twenty or so people around rushed towards Li Pingfan.

Damn, you fool, I will make you crazy, after a while you will be beaten like a dog, I will make you kneel down and lick your shoes.

As soon as he finished speaking, Wang Tie looked up and saw that the twenty-odd people who had just rushed up had all fallen to the ground, and only Li Pingfan was still standing.

The people around were all stunned in place, looking straight at Li Pingfan, who is this, how did they fall down in just a few minutes, did any of you see it?

Brother Dong, do you want to call Brother Feng here, Wang Tie said cautiously.

They never expected to meet a master this time.

You have to alarm Brother Feng for such a trivial matter, I think you are itchy, you go and call Yuan Hao to tell him to come over quickly.

Who else of you wants to go on? If not, then I have to leave. After speaking, Li Pingfan looked around and saw that no one had returned, so he walked back.

Wait a moment.

Why do you want to try it?

I know I can't beat you, but if you have the guts, wait five minutes. My Brother Hao will come later, and I will beat you to the knees and beg for mercy.

Oh? Then I'll wait for him for five minutes, and then Li Pingfan closes his eyes again.

Dongzi, why are you calling me in such a hurry?

Brother Hao, this matter is indeed a bit tricky this time, and Dongzi told Yuan Hao the general outline of the matter.

Boy, I heard that you beat more than 20 people in less than a minute. You are indeed very good, but don't think that you can walk sideways in the Medical University by doing this.

Li Pingfan opened his eyes, looked at Yuan Hao and said, I don't think I'm awesome, but it was the bunch of trash behind you who came to provoke me first.

Hmph, what's wrong with provoking you, at the medical university we can fuck whoever we want, who do you think you are, the person who provoked us, let you go out sideways today.

Boy, you are finished, our brother Hao was already in the early stage of the yellow rank half a year ago, boy, you are still in a hurry to beg for mercy.

This is also the first time Li Pingfan has heard about the early stage of the Yellow Rank. Could it be possible that there are ranks in this world? But Li Pingfan didn't feel oppressive at all in him, probably because he broke through the first level of Qi training.

Then I will give you a chance to beg for mercy now, otherwise you will be the one who goes out sideways in a while.

Hmph, boy, you are quite arrogant, let's taste your master Hao's punch first, and after Yuan Hao finished speaking, he punched down. This punch was mixed with a gust of wind and hit Li Pingfan's face. Li Pingfan turned sideways and quickly moved away. Just about to punch him, Yuan Hao kicked him again. Li Pingfan didn't dodge this time, but also kicked him. The two of them kicked together, and each took a few steps back.

Li Pingfan didn't expect that this person's strength was so great, and it was not at the same level as those miscellaneous fish before.

Boy, you do have the capital to be arrogant. I didn't expect you to catch my kick. I underestimated you before. You must have entered the early stage of the yellow rank, Yuan Hao said.

Li Pingfan didn't talk nonsense, and directly punched Yuan Hao with a hint of aura.

Humph, fight with me, boy, you are still a little tender, after Yuan Hao finished speaking, he also punched down with all his strength, and with a bang, the sound of bones breaking came out.

Boy, you are crazy, this time your hands are wasted, let me see how crazy you are, Brother Hao broke his leg again.

Ah, with a loud cry, Yuan Hao yelled out, still saying in his mouth that this is impossible, this blow with all my strength, unless it is a strong man in the middle of the Huang rank, no one can take this blow, this is impossible.

The people around were dumbfounded. They didn't expect Yuan Hao to lose in the end. He had been domineering in the medical university for half a year, and no one dared to provoke him, so he fell into the hands of this person.

If you don't want his hands to be completely useless, then send him to the hospital quickly, otherwise he will become a one-armed man in the future.

After speaking, the people around Yuan Hao hurriedly carried him to the hospital.

Was it my eyes just now? Lin Shao, Yuan Hao was beaten to a bone.

Lin Peng walked in front of Li Pingfan, hey, brother, you are going to be famous this time.


		