

Chapter 149

Zhang Shaohuang's plan

After Li Pingfan returned to school, he did not immediately look for Hu Yinger and Li Mo. Instead, he walked around the school. Because his appearance had changed, some students did not recognize Li Pingfan.

In an open space on the playground, Li Pingfan saw Huang Mao practicing the martial arts that Li Pingfan gave them.

Yo, this is not yellow hair.

Gou Rixin, what are you doing here.

Nothing, just to see the monkeys

Who do you call a monkey.

Don't you know who I said?

Gou Rixin, don't think that Lao Tzu is easy to bully.

Oops, I'm in a hurry, look, the monkey is in a hurry.

The people who followed Gou Rixin laughed.

After eating Lao Tzu's punch, Huang Mao punched Gou Rixin.

Whoops, the monkey hit someone.

Everyone around laughed again.

Gou Rixin dodged, dodged Huang Mao's blow, and then kicked it, which happened to weigh Huang Mao's abdomen, and Huang Mao retreated dozens of steps.

Monkey, I don't think you can do it either.

I have to let you Lord Dog, I will teach you.

Gou Rixin punched Huang Mao.

The yellow hair is also a punch at the same time.

The two fists collided, and Huang Mao retreated dozens of steps again.

Because Huang Mao's strength is still too low, and Gou Rixin has already reached the late stage of the yellow rank, while Huang Mao has just entered the early stage of the yellow rank, that is, he has just stepped into the ranks of warriors.

Gou Rixin punched Huang Mao again.

Huang Mao quickly backed away, and when the fist was about to hit Huang Mao, a fat man took the punch.

Damn it, fat man, I will be beaten to death if you come a little late.

After receiving your message, I rushed over as soon as possible. Fortunately, I came in a hurry.

It's you fat bastard again. Gou Rixin said.

You have to call Master Kai, Su Haokai said.

Looking for death, Gou Rixin attacked again.

With Su Haokai's help this time, it was much easier for Huang Mao and Su Haokai to deal with it.

Brother Wang Jian, let's take them down together, at this time Gou Rixin said to the person behind him.

Wang Jian and Gou Rixin attacked them together.

Su Haokai and the two were beaten and retreated in a row.

Su Haokai, Huang Mao, you guys go to the hospital and lie down obediently.

Speaking of Gou Rixin, the two attacked again.

I'm afraid you forgot about me, Qiao Yumeng, Yan Lu arrived in time at this moment.

Hmph, Yan Lu, your master Wu Yanxia is not here, do you think you are our opponent?

If you don't try, how will you know? The three of Yan and Lu shot together.

During the period of time when Li Pingfan left, Yan Lu's strength also rose to the middle stage of the Huang rank.

With the addition of Yan Lu, the scene became tense for a while.

After a while, two warriors appeared on Gou Rixin's side again.

Yan Lu once again fell into a passive position.

Fuck, why do they have so many fighters all at once, they shouldn't, Su Haokai muttered.

What should we do now, Yan Lu said.

Su Haokai gave a few people a color, and they instantly understood each other.

1.2.3 Run separately.

The three scattered and ran away.

Gou Rixin smiled knowingly, he wanted to run, but it was not so easy.

The people around once again surrounded a few people.

Damn it for them, Su Haokai said.

Hey, really, I just left for a few days, and you guys are so insolent.

A piercing sound came to everyone's ears.

Everyone turned their heads to look in the direction of the voice at the same time, only to see that it was a new face.

Who are you, Gou Rixin asked. Because Li Pingfan's appearance changed slightly, Gou Rixin didn't recognize Li Pingfan.

But when Su Haokai and the others saw Li Pingfan, their jaws almost dropped to the ground in shock.

They knew about Li Pingfan's appearance. Seeing Li Pingfan's arrival, they were full of confidence, but they didn't reveal Li Pingfan's identity.

Li Pingfan slapped his forehead and forgot about it again.

Who am I, I will tell you later, now let's settle the account of your bullying my brother.

You mean Su Haokai?

Yes.

Hahahaha, who do you think you are, Li Pingfan? Dare to be so arrogant, brothers give it to me.

The corners of Li Pingfan's mouth rose slightly.

In less than a minute, Gou Rixin and the others all fell to the ground, only Gou Rixin stood there blankly.

You, you, who are you? Gou Rixin said hesitantly.

Li Pingfan walked up to Gou Rixin slowly and said, Li Pingfan.

As soon as the three words came out, Gou Rixin collapsed to the ground instantly.

Li Pingfan shook his head and helped Gou Rixin up.

You take your people and go.

Gou Rixin couldn't believe it, the person in front of him was really Li Pingfan, but he had to know that Li Pingfan used to cheat at every turn, but now he wanted to let him go, Gou Rixin couldn't believe it.

Brother Van, yes, yes, is it true?

Li Pingfan nodded, let's go, maybe I will change my mind soon.

When Gou Rixin heard this, he hurriedly left.

At this moment, Li Pingfan said again.

By the way, give Lu Feng a word for me.

Gou Rixin came to Li Pingfan again when he heard this.

Brother Fan, what do you say?

You let him wait for me these few days, I will visit him, go away.

Brother Fan, it's really you. Su Haokai said.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Um, brother Fan, who are these three? Su Haokai asked.

Li Pingfan looked at the three people behind him and said.

friend.

Since it's Brother Fan's friend, then it's my Su Haokai's friend.

Guys, if you need any help in Binhai, just ask, Su Haokai said.

They don't need any help, Li Pingfan muttered in a low voice.

How's it going for a while, okay? Li Pingfan asked.

Hey, don't mention it, sister Xia is fine when she's around, and as soon as sister Xia leaves, people from Zhang Shaohuang and Lu Feng will come to make trouble. Huang Mao spoke first.

What about Wumeng? Where is Feng Zhenghao?

This is not to blame for Deacon Feng, it is impossible for them to be there every day, and Deacon Feng is busy with official duties every day, and many warriors in the Wumeng have good friends with the Zhang family and the Lu family, so it is inconvenient to intervene in these trivial matters.

Well, I will visit them one by one in the next few days, Li Pingfan said plainly.

By the way, Brother Fan, you come back, does Ying Er know?

They don't know yet.

Yinger will be very happy to know you are back.

At this moment, Gou Rixin had arrived at Lu Feng's residence.

Lu Shao, Lu Shao.

Gou Rixin, what's wrong?

Li Pingfan, Li Pingfan is back.

Unexpectedly, he really came back.

Um? Young Master Lu, do you know?

Well, Young Master Zhang told me just now.

By the way, Young Master Lu, Li Pingfan asked me to bring you a sentence.

Say.

He said that he will definitely come back to visit you in the next few days.

What did you provoke me again? Lu Feng said angrily.


		