

Chapter 85

take the spirit grass

If you want to invite the next lot, Yunling Grass, a sweet voice rang out on the stage, making the silent people on the field a little restless, and even Feng Zhenghao was a little moved.

And Li Pingfan looked at the Yunlingcao in the stands and confirmed that it was real, showing greed.

Seeing this, Feng Zhenghao asked, ordinary little brother, do you need this very much?

Li Pingfan nodded and said, help me take him down.

Feng Zhenghao was speechless for a while, and wanted to ask if you don't really need it, you can give it to me, but after hearing Li Pingfan say this, it's not good for him to ask for it.

Okay, I will definitely get it for you, Feng Zhenghao said.

Yunling grass is a kind of spiritual grass bred by heaven and earth. I don’t need to say more about the value of this kind of grass. As long as it is a warrior, I think I know him as much as I do. Now the auction starts, with a low price of 5000w each time the price increases Not less than 100w.

6000w

7000w

9000w

100000000

The people on the field kept increasing the price without even taking a breather.

150 million, said the person in box 5.

Seeing this, Feng Zhenghao knew that he should make a move, so he shouted for 170 million.

170 million, box 6 bid 170 million, is there a higher bid?

170 million once, 170 million...

Before I finished speaking, the people in box 5 raised their prices to 180 million again.

Li Pingfan looked at Feng Zhenghao and said, you increase the price little by little first, don't worry, I want to see who dares to snatch the Yunling grass from me.

After speaking, Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness.

Grandpa, are you sure Li Pingfan will want this thing?

Li Pingfan heard a familiar voice. This person was Wu Yanxia from the Wu family.

Don't worry, Xiaoxia, he will definitely accept this.

Hey, okay, but Grandpa, it's already 200 million, do we have to increase the price?

Plus, you must take this and give it to Li Pingfan, he must need it.

But Grandpa, if it is higher, my Wu family will become an empty shell, and the future Wu family will probably drink the northwest wind, Wu Yanxia said cautiously.

After knowing that private room No. 5 was really Wu Yanxia, ​​Li Pingfan breathed a sigh of relief at the same time.

After a while, the price had been increased to 200 million, and Li Pingfan withdrew his consciousness.

I will talk to the person in private room No. 5, you continue to increase the price slowly, Li Pingfan said.

I have a way.

Feng Zhenghao wanted to say that the auction house is not allowed to run, but he didn't stop Li Pingfan when he heard that he had a way.

Sir, you are not allowed to run around in the underground auction.

I don't need to run around, so please go to private room No. 5 and tell Li Pingfan to look for him.

Sir, we don't have this rule here.

Li Pingfan was blocked, at this moment Li Pingfan thought of sound transmission through the air, and this was the only way to think about it.

Li Pingfan expanded again, sending a voice transmission to Wu Zhiguo, please give up this thing, I am Li Pingfan.

With a simple sentence, Wu Zhiguo was immediately shocked. This is a sound transmission through the air, which can only be achieved by at least a ground mirror. Could it be that he has... Wu Zhiguo dare not think.

After speaking, Li Pingfan returned to private room No. 6.

At this time, Feng Zhenghao had already won the Yunlingcao at a price of 210 million.

After such a small episode, the auction house returned to calm again.

Every piece of auction was carried out as usual, but none of the remaining Li Pingfan was fancy.

So the first day of the auction ended hastily.

When leaving, Feng Zhenghao gave Li Pingfan the Yunling Grass. The moment Li Pingfan got the Yunling Grass, he immediately felt a strong aura, but this kind of aura has many impurities, and he needs to refine it by himself so that there is no trace of impurities. The pure aura of heaven and earth is the only way to shape your own perfect body.

After getting the Yunling Grass, Feng Zhenghao also said that he would go to the auction at the same time the next day, and asked to send Li Pingfan off, but Li Pingfan refused, Feng Zhenghao didn't say much, and parted ways.

After Feng Zhenghao left, Li Pingfan found Wu Zhiguo who had been waiting for a long time. Li Pingfan knew that Wu Zhiguo would definitely have questions, and he also knew that Wu Zhiguo would definitely wait for him.

Grandpa Wu.

Ordinary little friend, I wanted to ask you last time, is there any relationship between you and the Wumeng?

Not to mention the relationship, but there is some cooperation.

Could it be the Martial Arts Conference three days later?

Yes.

It is not difficult to guess at all. Since the last time Li Pingfan was invited by Feng Zhenghao to a meeting, Wu Zhiguo had already expected Feng Zhenghao's wishful thinking. After all, Li Pingfan's strength is beyond doubt. An existence that is already comparable to an earth-level existence is also a genius-like existence in the secular world.

Hahaha, this Martial Arts League really has a good plan, whether it's good or not, I, Binhai, can be considered to have a bright future.

Li Pingfan was a little puzzled why Wu Zhiguo laughed so he asked, is there something wrong with Grandpa Wu?

There is no problem, but as long as you can help the Wumeng get the top ten, the Wumeng in Binhai will be jealous and strong within ten years, and the situation in Binhai will change drastically by then.

It's just that I don't know what conditions the Wumeng promised you?

Unconditionally help me win the three items in the auction.

Hmm... Then do you know what the rewards for the top ten in the Budo Tournament are? Wu Zhiguo said.

Li Pingfan shook his head, and said that Feng Zhenghao never mentioned it to him, but only said that after getting the ranking, he could get rich resources.

Yes, as long as you get the ranking, you can get rich resources, and more importantly, the top ten rewards are amazing.

What are these rewards? Li Pingfan asked.


		