

Chapter 119

Liang Chen rescued

Nalan Jie, what have you done? Wang Yao shouted.

Wang Yao, what do you mean by that?

Nalanjie, don't pretend to be stupid, don't you know what I mean? What did you do to make Li Pingfan run away.

Wang Yao, don't you want to spout blood. How did he leave? How would I know.

Nalan Jie is here besides you, who else might save him, don't pretend, tell me obediently, where he escaped, otherwise don't blame me.

Wang Yao, what do you mean by that? Everyone saw it just now. Li Pingfan disappeared in an instant. If my Nalan family had such a secret technique, I would have sent him away long ago. Would he still come here?

It's you, Wang Yao, I would like to ask you, did you use any tricks to capture Li Pingfan? Let me tell you, Wang Yao, you'd better let him go, otherwise don't blame me, Nalan Jie, for being rude to you. Lan Jie also said a little angrily.

Nalan Jie, you, you, Wang Yao was so angry that he couldn't say a word.

Nalanjie saw that Li Pingfan had already left, and he couldn't stay here for a long time, so he took the Nalan family and left here.

On the other hand, Li Fanfan still dragged his seriously injured body forward slowly, but after Li Fanfan hadn't taken a few steps, Liang Chen's car stopped beside Li Fanfan, and Liang Chen got out of the car himself to help Li Fanfan onto the road. car.

Just after Li Pingfan got into the car, in a dark corner, someone picked up his mobile phone and made a call.

Hey, Elder Wang, I saw Li Pingfan getting into Liang Chen's car.

Wang Yao on the other end of the phone was also very excited when he heard the news, so he quickly asked where he was.

On the interrupted side of Fuyun Road, the phone came from one end.

After Wang Yao heard the location, he immediately called the Master to rush to Fuyun Road.

On this road, Wang Yao couldn't figure out how Li Pingfan ran to Fuyun Road ten miles away in less than a few minutes, but now is not the time for Wang Yao to think about these things, they immediately went to Fuyun on the way.

After Li Pingfan got in the car, Liang Chen asked the doctor to treat Li Pingfan, but Li Pingfan refused, because he is a doctor, so he doesn't need others to treat him, but the problem he is facing now is how to escape from Liangzhou , although he escaped, but the surrounding area is full of eyeliners of Shura Hall, now only by leaving Liangzhou as soon as possible can he ensure his safety.

So Li Pingfan shared his thoughts with Liang Chen, and Liang Chen instantly thought of a way to change his post, that is, let Liang Shao and Li Pingfan change their clothes. Ordinary left Liangzhou.

After hearing Liang Chen's method, Li Pingfan hesitated, so he asked Liang Chen.

Are you not afraid that they will embarrass Young Master Liang?

You can rest assured, ordinary little brother, they won't embarrass Liang Bin if they find out that it's not you.

Only now did Li Pingfan know that Young Master Liang's name was Liang Bin.

After San confirmed the consequences to Liang Chen, Li Pingfan also agreed to this plan.

After Liang Chen's car drove forward for a few kilometers, Liang Chen stopped the car and let Liang Bin, who was wearing Li Pingfan's clothes, get out of the car first.

After that, he continued to drive, and Li Pingfan got out of the car on the road that was about to leave Liangzhou, and then stopped another car to leave Liangzhou.

On the other hand, Wang Yao knew that it was not Li Pingfan but Liang Bin after he chased him. It's good to divert energy to provoke other families, but Wang Yao will let go of the harsh words. After all, if the elders of the branch hall of the Asura Hall do not have this majesty, then he will not have the position of elder in the Asura Hall.

Liang Chen just laughed when he heard Wang Yao's cruel words, and then took Liang Bin away.

After leaving Liangzhou, Li Pingfan randomly found a place to stay nearby.

After arriving in the room, Li Pingfan pulled out the silver needle on his body.

Just after pulling out his own silver needle, a tingling pain rushed to Li Pingfan's whole body in an instant. Li Pingfan endured the severe pain and pricked himself a few more needles to relieve the pain.

Li Pingfan wanted to repair his injuries with the luck technique, but as expected, because of the reason he used the secret technique, his aura was exhausted, and it would not take a day or two to recover, so Li Pingfan had to make long-term plans .

Thinking of this, Li Pingfan shook his head, and said to himself, forget it, I'm really tired today, so Li Pingfan lay on the bed and began to rest.

The next day Li Pingfan woke up very early, because the few needles he gave himself last night had expired, so Li Pingfan was awakened by the pain.

Li Pingfan wanted to continue to give himself a few injections to continue to relieve the pain, but after thinking about it, this is not an option all the time, so Li Pingfan used his exercises to absorb the aura of heaven and earth, but the aura here is really thin, and There is no spirit gathering array yet, so the spiritual energy absorbed every day is very small.

In this way, Li Pingfan practiced for two days and one night, and it was a new day at night. Li Pingfan was about to go downstairs to buy some food because he hadn't eaten for two days, but at this moment he heard a conversation in the next room . (Because the conditions of this kind of accommodation are very poor, the sound insulation effect is not very good, coupled with Li Pingfan's own cultivation method, so it is obvious that he can hear the conversation in the next room.)

Damn those old bastards in the Asura Palace, they are comfortable, they went to live in a five-star hotel, but they arranged us in this kind of ghost place.

Dude, stop talking, be careful that the walls have ears.

Hmph, walls have ears, if they want to listen, let them listen. I'm afraid they won't succeed, thinking that I'm a dignified early stage master, where I don't have to eat, drink, and live, but I have to come here to suffer this grievance. I'm so stupid.

Hey, there's nothing we can do about it, the higher-ups let us listen to Elder Wang's arrangements.

Hmph, he arranged such a fucking place and wanted me to find Li Pingfan, even if I found it, I wouldn't tell him.

Hey, forget it, hold on, we should leave in two days.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan felt bad. It seemed that he was going to leave as soon as possible, but he still didn't know where to go. So Li Pingfan took out his mobile phone and looked at the map. He wanted to go to the mountains this time. Fleeing to the mountains, they will not find themselves so easily.

Li Pingfan looked at the mountain closest to him.

Qixia Mountain.


		