

Chapter 67

Secret Talk with Wu Zhiguo

Don't be a fool, young man, just tell me, no matter what precious medicinal materials it is, my Wu Family will definitely get it for you.

Don't be in a hurry to listen to me explain these two methods to you one by one. As for how to make a decision, it is up to you to decide.

Come on, boy.

The first way is to let Mr. Wu lose his cultivation. After all, it is caused by the exercises he practiced. Therefore, if he loses his cultivation, he can directly solve all his illnesses.

Dispersing cultivation, what kind of method is this.

Losing my cultivation, ordinary little friend, I will not lose my cultivation. After all, I have practiced for a lifetime. If I have to dissipate what I have learned in this life before I die, then I might as well die. , Wu Zhiguo shook his head and refused to lose his cultivation base.

Boy, didn't you say there are two ways? What about the second one?

The second type? Li Pingfan didn't finish his sentence in a hurry. He looked at the Wu family members around him and signaled to Wu Zhiguo with his eyes that there were too many people here, so it was inconvenient to say.

Wu Zhiguo also felt the message from Li Pingfan's eyes, and then drove all the Wu family members out of the door, and brought Li Pingfan to a secret room.

Well, I have driven them all out, what else can you do to cure me, you can say it.

This method is to change your practice method. Although the practice method of your martial arts school can touch qi, the aura of heaven and earth absorbed by your martial arts method is mixed with many bad substances. Over time, various diseases will definitely appear in the body. So, if you don’t want the descendants of your Wu family to be like you, you have to change your Wu family’s cultivation methods. Although I can help you curb your current illness, it is definitely not a long-term solution. Therefore, the gains and losses in the middle You have to think about it yourself.

After hearing Li Pingfan's remarks, Wu Zhiguo was even more certain that the young man in front of him was definitely not an ordinary person, and he even knew that there was a problem with his own family's kung fu. Wu Zhiguo once again looked at Li Pingfan differently.

Ordinary little friend, if you don’t mind, just call me Grandpa Wu.

Li Pingfan nodded.

There are indeed some problems with my Wu family's martial arts. This happened ten years ago.

Ten years ago, the ancestor of the martial arts family woke up unexpectedly. Speaking of my ancestor, he was indeed a martial arts prodigy. Apart from him, no one else in the martial arts family had reached that level. Wu Zhiguo let out a sigh.

Li Pingfan listened carefully and did not interrupt Wu Zhiguo's memory.

This matter has to be talked about from a farther time, and I was actually provoked when talking about this matter, hey, Wu Zhiguo sighed softly while talking.

Thirty years ago, when I was young and energetic, I started to challenge the masters of my generation one after another after breaking through to the Xuan rank. In a short time, I had already defeated all the martial arts masters of my generation in Binhai.

After that, I went to Huacheng, because Huacheng is one of the top ten cities in the inheritance of martial arts.

There are often some martial arts competitions held in Huacheng. Those who win are not only rewarded, but more importantly, there is a martial arts ranking. As long as you can fight, you can be ranked in the rankings of the younger generation. So at that time, for the sake of this so-called false name, Offended the most powerful sect in Huacheng at that time, Huazong.

This grievance was destined the moment I stepped on the stage of the martial arts conference.

At that time, I had already won more than 20 matches in a row on the martial arts arena, and my ranking quickly reached the seventh place. Just as I continued to challenge, Liu Zhen, who was ranked seventh, came, and I only knew this Liu Zhenzheng later. He is from the Huazong. He heard that someone took his title, so he wanted to get back his position. We fought hundreds of moves in that battle, but he lost one move in the end.

From then on, Liu Zhenhui often challenged me, but every time he missed the move, Liu Zhen seemed to have evil thoughts in his heart. When I was about to leave Huacheng for the final battle with him, he still didn't win me. When I left, I said, you can challenge me at any time.

From then on, I will go to the family, there are too many family affairs at that time, so I have not come to practice in a hurry, knowing that ten years ago, Liu Zhen came to the Wu family to challenge me, and also set life and death conditions for me, and I have been practicing martial arts slack, so at that time my realm was only at the peak of the late Xuan stage, and Liu Zhen had already broken through to the Earth stage, so I obviously lost that battle.

However, when Liu Zhen was killing the killer, the ancestor of my martial arts family appeared, and the ancestor helped me block the fatal move, so I was lucky enough to survive until now.

It was also this time that Liu Zhen once again set a ten-year agreement with me, and he would challenge me again after ten years, and then he left.

And this time, after the ancestor woke up, he told me that the Wu family's martial arts are no longer suitable for cultivation in this era. If I continue to practice, there must be something wrong, and the ancestor passed away after speaking.

Hey, I had made a ten-year agreement at that time, and I had no choice but to continue to practice. Sure enough, I broke through to the ground level soon, and there was indeed a hidden danger in my body. As you said, my body was very weak .

Li Pingfan already understood what it meant this time, and he also paid attention to it.

Since you still have an agreement, then I will help you. I will diagnose and treat you, and I can guarantee that you will not get sick within a year. What do you think, Li Pingfan said.

Well, Wu Zhiguo agreed without even thinking about it.

Hearing the reply, Li Pingfan gave Wu Zhiguo the needles. Ten minutes later, Li Pingfan had finished the needles.

At this time, Wu Zhiguo got up and tried his skills.

Well, it's really healed, genius doctor, I have consulted many doctors for this problem, but there is no solution, this time it is considered to be healed.

There is only one year, and after one year, you will still be the same as before, Li Pingfan said sadly.

One year is enough, I still have one more year to pursue the inheritance of martial arts, why not do it, it is more than enough for an old man like me.

By the way, Grandpa Wu, I still have some things I don't understand, I hope you can clarify my doubts, Li Pingfan said.

Ordinary friends, if you have any questions, it’s okay to say.


		