

Chapter Ninety

start

Right, right, right.

There was a knock on the door.

Li Pingfan looked at the time and it was already 8 o'clock in the morning of the next day. After cleaning up quickly, he went to the Martial Arts Conference with Feng Zhenghao. When the two came to the periphery of the Martial Arts Conference, Li Pingfan and Feng Zhenghao entered from the contestant's passageway when they saw patches of black and white people.

Wind Deacon.

Mr. Wu Zhiguo, I didn't expect you to arrive first.

Wind Deacon.

Mr. Li, why are you here too?

Haha, the old man came to Huacheng to see old friends, just to see the martial arts conference in Huacheng.

Miss Weiwei and Miss Momo are getting more and more beautiful.

Uncle Feng praised the award, and the two women responded.

Li Pingfan greeted the two women, and followed Feng Zhenghao to the grouping area of ​​the Martial Arts Conference.

Li Pingfan met Wu Yanxia and Qingtian in the grouping area.

After one hour of grouping, more than 4,000 people participated in the competition were divided into twelve groups, one group was 300 people, and each group was divided into ten groups to compete in ten competition fields.

Of course, all contestants know the rules of the competition, and unless some rules are changed, the contestants will not explain the rules too much.

Li Pingfan was assigned to the sixth group, and in the sixth group he entered the second ring.

Coincidentally, Wu Yanxia and Li Pingfan were in the same group and the same arena.

In contrast to the principle that two people in an organization cannot be in the same arena, Qingtian was assigned to the third arena in the fifth group.

After everyone set up their groups and the arena, an old man in Taoist uniform spoke on the huge central arena.

Say, say twice, all the people in the audience became quiet.

Hello everyone, I am one of the persons in charge of this martial arts conference, and my name is Nalan Jie.

Everyone in Nalan Jie's audience was shocked and discussed in a low voice.

It's Nalan Jie, hey, it's Nalan Jie, the patriarch of the Nalan family in Liangzhou. I didn't expect him to be invited to this martial arts conference. It seems that the organizers attach great importance to this martial arts conference. please come.

Nalan Jie and the others knew that Li Pingfan didn't, but Li Pingfan could tell that Nalan Jie on stage must be a master of martial arts, because he couldn't see his strength at all, which proved that his strength was absolutely superior to his own. On the ground, there are indeed people beyond people, and there is a sky beyond the sky, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

After everyone finished discussing, Nalan Jie spoke again.

Presumably I don't need to introduce the rules of the Martial Arts Tournament. In short, as long as the opponent falls down or takes the initiative to admit defeat, it will be considered eliminated.

Nalan Jie didn't say too many polite words, and directly announced the start of the competition. With an order, the people in the first group took their positions on the stage and started the battle.

Li Pingfan was in the sixth group, so he could watch it from the audience, but the people at the outer gate of the Martial Arts Conference could only watch the live broadcast on the screen.

The fights on every arena were very enthusiastic, but within a few minutes, several people fell down the arena.

After half an hour, the 30 people left on the first round of the ring have come out, and they can smoothly enter tomorrow's competition, and the next is the second group, which will be decided in about half an hour. Thirty people were killed.

The third group.

Fourth group.

In the fifth group, Li Pingfan saw an acquaintance. This person was Liu Hao. Liu Hao and Qing Tian were in the same ring.

But Qingtian's arena was the object of Feng Zhenghao's attention.

Because of the addition of Liu Hao, the fight on the third ring was extraordinarily fierce, and there were many people who couldn't bear Liu Hao, but after everyone fought against Liu Hao for a short time, they were all very excited. Changing the target wisely, Liu Hao put his hands on the ring and watched the remaining twenty-nine people fight each other, very unhappy.

On the other hand, Qingtian was a bit tricky, two beat him up one, making him a bit embarrassed, and even had to prevent someone from sneaking up on him at any time and throwing him off the ring.

However, after nearly an hour of competition, finally the 30 people from the fifth group also came out. Qing Tian was panting and sweating profusely on his brow in the ring, but he still survived to the end with his own willpower.

Qing Tian collapsed on the ground immediately after the field, Feng Zhenghao quickly helped Qing Tian to the waiting room.

After the fifth group is over, it's time for Li Pingfan's group to play next.

Come on Xiaoxia, if you lose, come down, Grandpa only needs you to be safe.

Grandpa is okay, trust me, I will persist until the end, Wu Yanxia showed a sweet smile.

Wu Zhiguo looked at Li Pingfan meaningfully. Li Pingfan also knew what Wu Zhiguo, an old fox, was thinking. He just wanted him to take care of his granddaughter on the ring.

Brother Pingfan, come on, it's up to you, Feng Zhenghao also encouraged Li Pingfan.

Next, the sixth group was asked to take their positions, and the competition began in 5 minutes. A person on the central ring shouted with a loudspeaker.

Li Pingfan and Wu Yanxia entered the arena together and stood on the second ring.

When, the competition begins.


		