

Chapter 62

two girls meet

what.

Li Pingfan was a little helpless, thinking that he should borrow it, if he was bringing back a person, let alone a woman, this would let Li Mo know, so he must not be kicked out.

I'm borrowing too, no... Li Pingfan didn't finish his sentence.

Forget it, I know your difficulties, but tonight...Hu Yinger didn't finish the same thing.

Li Pingfan looked at Hu Yinger, who was a little disappointed, and thought to control her, anyway, Li Mo didn't come back, and he and she had experienced too much today, I'm afraid it would be unsafe for her to go back to the dormitory.

Well, come to my place tonight.

Well, Hu Yinger was secretly happy.

By the way, do you want to join the Linguistic League? Seeing that you didn't express your position before, it seems that you have some ideas.

I. I. I don't know. Hu Yinger was a little at a loss.

It's okay, if you want to join, join, if you don't want to join, don't join, I think if something like today happens again, that person will definitely protect you.

Hu Yinger looked at the man in front of her and said softly, thank you.

After a while, the two had arrived at the door of the house.

Li Pingfan brought Hu Yinger in.

At this moment, only the sound of going downstairs was heard.

Li Pingfan.

Li Mo.

Li Pingfan was also surprised. What he never expected was that Li Mo would come back today. According to his guess, Li Mo should have two days to come back, but what he didn't expect was that he came back early , which also made Li Pingfan a little helpless.

At this moment, Li Mo saw Hu Yinger who was not far from Li Pingfan.

She. Who is she? Li Mo asked.

Her name is Hu Yinger, she was frightened today, so I brought her back to stay for one night, Li Pingfan said with a guilty conscience.

Is that right, if I don't come back today, will we live together? Li Mo's speech also becomes a little eccentric.

No, no, no, she was indeed frightened today, and she only stayed with me for one night, and I will send her away tomorrow morning, Li Pingfan said cautiously.

Hmph, Li Mo turned and sat on the sofa.

That you sit on the sofa for a while, I'll make you something to eat, Li Pingfan said to Hu Yinger beside him.

Hu Yinger shook her head, and then followed Li Pingfan to the kitchen.

After a while, Li Pingfan and the two brought food to the table respectively.

At this moment, Li Mo, who was still on the sofa, smelled the aroma coming from the dining table, and suddenly felt his legs move involuntarily, and walked slowly towards the dining table.

this is what you did Li Mo pointed to the food on the table and asked Li Pingfan.

Yes, let's sit down and eat something together.

Li Mo was also blunt and agreed directly.

Li Mo just wolfed down the food.

The two of them were shocked when they saw Li Mo eating. They didn't expect that the high-ranking school belle also had this side.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan and Hu Yinger, although they are not inferior in appearance, compared with Li Mo, they seem very normal.

Li Pingfan, your cooking is too delicious. After Li Mo finished eating, Li Mo said to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan thought, of course, after all, he has lived for more than two thousand years. In other places, he used to make enough food and clothing by himself, so he also practiced perfect cooking skills.

Li Pingfan didn't answer directly, but smiled awkwardly at Li Mo.

After eating and drinking, the three of them saw that the time was indeed still early, so they sat on the sofa separately, without talking to each other.

Well, Li Mo might as well let Yinger sleep in my room tonight. I sleep on the sofa, and Li Fanfan is the first to break the silence.

The reason why Li Pingfan said this was because he knew that this villa could grow as big as it wanted, but the guest room was not cleaned up, so it was uninhabitable.

No, you can't let her sleep in your room. If you don't have good intentions and do excessive things to other people's little girls in the middle of the night, then how can they behave. Li Mo said clearly and logically.

It's okay, sister Li Mo, Hu Yinger said at this time, this is also the first time Hu Yinger talked to Li Mo, she seemed a little nervous.

No, I can’t do it if I say no, Sister Ying’er, you don’t know, you must be careful of some men when you go out now, they treat you well on the surface, but they are actually bad, Li Mo said.

Thank you sister Li Mo for your concern, but I believe that Brother Pingfan is not that kind of person.

Listening to the conversation between the two, Li Pingfan felt a black thread in his head, thinking, what does this have to do with me.

Well, how about this, you let Yinger sleep with you, Li Fanfan doesn't want to listen to their conversation anymore.

it is good. Li Mo said first.

Yinger, what do you think, Li Pingfan said to Hu Yinger.

Well, yes.

After Li Pingfan arranged for Hu Yinger, he returned to his room and began to practice.

After Li Pingfan returned to the room, the two sitting on the sofa fell silent again.

How did you and Li Pingfan meet, Li Mo asked.

After hearing this, Hu Yinger fell into memory.

In our village, he cured my illness. I could have gone to school with you, but...

Hu Yinger told Li Mo her story. When Li Mo heard that Li Pingfan went to save her today, she also remembered the scene where Li Pingfan went to save herself.

It's just that only I know why Li Pingfan rescued Hu Yinger, I don't know, but Li Pingfan saved himself because his father hired Li Pingfan.

After Hu Yinger finished telling the story, it was already early morning, and the two of them went back to their room to rest.


		