

Chapter 126

the truth

It's really pitiful, I have been used as a gun, but I don't know it, Li Pingfan said.

Li Pingfan, what do you mean by this, please tell me clearly.

It's nothing interesting, it's just that you were designed by Wang Yao, but you are still working hard for him.

Li Pingfan, stop talking nonsense, you killed my son, I will kill you, die.

Speaking of which, Luo Geng directly attacked Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan's strength has improved now, so it is not as difficult to deal with as before, and Bai Jing next to him is staring at Luo Geng.

The combination of Li Pingfan and Bai Jinghu easily defeated Luo Geng.

After Bai Jinghu saw Luo Geng fell to the ground, he slapped Luo Geng directly with his paw. At this moment, Li Pingfan blocked the blow in time.

Bai Jinghu was stunned for a moment, so he struck again, and Li Pingfan resisted again.

Don't kill him yet, Li Pingfan arrived via voice transmission.

Bai Jinghu looked at his child.

Li Pingfan understood Bai Jinghu's meaning, so he heard it via voice transmission.

I know you are worried about your children, they were also injured to save me, but you can rest assured that I have healed them, their lives are not in any danger, you can't kill this person, there are still some words between me and him that must be discussed a.

After Bai Jinghu listened, he left with his child in his mouth.

And Li Pingfan inserted a few needles in several large points all over Luo Geng's body, and brought Luo Geng back to the cave.

When Bai Jinghu saw Li Pingfan coming with Luo Geng, he didn't say much, but walked aside.

Li Pingfan came to the side of the white crystal tiger cubs and gave them a few more needles. The two white crystal tiger cubs recovered instantly and ran to their parents alive and well.

Because they didn't hurt very badly.

The two white crystal tigers ran to Li Pingfan's side again. After seeing the person who had shot and injured them before, the two white crystal tiger cubs showed their sharp mouths and fangs and looked at Luo Geng.

Li Pingfan patted their little heads, and then they calmed down and continued to lie beside Li Pingfan.

You should be in the mood to listen to me by now.

Humph, Li Pingfan, if you have anything to say, tell me quickly, but I won't believe a word you say.

I think you have seen my battle with your son Luo Yu at the Martial Arts Tournament, don't you find it strange?

Presumably you also know the rules of the Martial Arts Tournament. The last day is the challenge competition. Your son clearly knows that his strength is not as good as mine, but why does he still dare to challenge me?

Haha, Li Pingfan, just blow it up. I watched the video and my son kept hitting you, and you had no strength to fight back.

Luo Geng, don't you know the strength of your own son? How can a person who is half a step down be my opponent, and the strength he has shown is obviously from taking some kind of elixir that can improve his strength in a short period of time, don't you understand this?

Anyway, you are still a peak martial artist in the late stage of the earth, are you stupid in training?

Also, why did you rush over when you saw me? Because at that time I found out that he had taken the elixir, the side effects must have recurred, so I rushed over just to save him, but he was already dead after I rushed over.

And his death purpose is to lure you to take action. You can think about who you have offended in the Raksha Temple, because it is absolutely impossible for the Shura Hall to complete this matter, and there must be people from the Raksha Temple to make trouble .

After listening to Li Pingfan's explanation, Luo Geng seemed to have found something suspicious, so he thought that when Deacon Liu reported the matter to himself, it was obviously a little unnatural, because his attention was on his son at the time, so he didn't suspect Liu Deacon, thinking about it now, it is really possible that I was used as a gun in this matter.

Then why did my son die suddenly, and just when you rushed over, he died. Do you want to say that all this is a coincidence?

It was indeed a coincidence, at this moment Li Pingfan suddenly remembered, or someone deliberately manipulated me to kill Luo Yu the moment I came to Luo Yu's side.

Li Pingfan shook his head. Impossible. How could this star field have such a method? And I don't have the slightest perception yet. If it wasn't like this, how could Luo Yu die suddenly? Even if he took the elixir, he couldn't die instantly. Li Pingfan was also in a state of confusion at this time.

Luo Geng next to him was also confused.

what are you saying? Luo Geng said.

I think there is something wrong with your son's death. If you want to find the murderer, I am willing to help you, because my enemies are also them.

What Li Pingfan said was Wang Yao and his party, because it must be Wang Yao and his party who killed Luo Yu.

why should i trust you

Your life is in my hands now, I want to take your life at any time, there is no need to tell you so much, and if I kill you now, no one will know that I killed you, not even Someone knows you're dead, you don't even have a body collector, but I didn't do that, do you know why?

Why?

Because I discovered an astonishing secret, I need a helper, you can also say that I need my own power, so I want you to join me in my power.

You can think back to what I said before, I will give you time to think about it, but time is running out?

What do you mean by that.

It's not interesting, I'm leaving tomorrow, so please consider my proposal seriously.

If I don't promise you, what will you do to me.

If you don't agree, I will let you go, but you will still die.

You let me go, how could I still die?

I let you go, but they won't let you go, Li Pingfan pointed at Bai Jinghu, Bai Jinghu seemed to understand Li Pingfan's intentions, and looked at Luo Geng viciously.

They are not necessarily my opponents, are they?

Yes, they may not necessarily be your opponents, but you have to know that you have already been sealed with several important acupuncture points by my silver needles. Even if I let you go, your strength will not recover in a short time. During this period, you can think about how to escape from their claws.

You are really a villain.

Think about it carefully, and wait for your reply tomorrow, Li Pingfan is lying on the side to rest.

One night has passed.

Luo Geng, what are you thinking about.

Are you really not the murderer of my son?

No, Li Pingfan said firmly.

OK, I promise you.

Li Pingfan pulled out the silver needle for Luo Geng and said.

Happy cooperation.


		