

Chapter fifty-seven

ask for help

A loud shout spread into the ears of everyone.

The three people surrounded at this moment seemed very excited, especially Hu Yinger, whose face was still rosy.

After that, everyone looked at the place where the voice came from at the same time.

I saw Su Haokai walking slowly in the distance.

The three people who were excited before were also a little discouraged in an instant, and the rosiness that Hu Yinger had before gradually disappeared.

Hahahahaha, at this time Zhao Kuo was in full bloom, he thought it was Li Pingfan, and finally a big fat man came.

Fatty, I didn't expect you to come too. It just so happened that today I took you all together. After I finished speaking, I waved my hand and said, "Hit him."

I saw a group of people swarming forward, but at this moment, Su Haokai didn't show a trace of fear on his face, and walked forward slowly step by step.

When everyone came in front of Su Haokai, Su Haokai punched them one by one, and solved them very neatly, which made Zhao Kuo a little dumbfounded.

Fatty, don't you, you have also entered the ranks of warriors.

Su Haokai actually didn't know if he had entered the ranks of warriors, but since he learned what Li Pingfan taught him, he felt that his strength had become much stronger.

Su Haokai ignored Zhao Kuo's words, and rushed straight to Zhao Kuo. Just when the punch was about to hit Zhao Kuo's face, a big hand tightly held Su Haokai's fist, making it difficult for Su Haokai to move. The man behind made a move.

A kid who hasn't even set foot on a martial artist yet dares to be arrogant in front of me. After speaking, he punched Su Haokai directly in the stomach. Su Haokai flew backwards for several meters in an instant, and responded to the end.

Brother Hei, thanks to you, otherwise... Zhao Kuo came to this person and said.

Well, stop talking, take them away quickly, or that person will come in a while.

This black brother knew that if Su Haokai dared to come alone, he must have reported to Li Pingfan, so he had to leave quickly, otherwise he would not be able to complete the task, and he would inevitably be scolded.

Zhao Kuo hurriedly left the place with everyone.

Just as Brother Hei expected, Li Pingfan also came to this place not long after they left, but he saw that there was no one there, only a little blood on the ground.

Judging from the situation in front of him, Li Pingfan concluded that they must have just left, but his cultivation base is very low, and the range of spiritual consciousness is very limited, so Li Pingfan has never used it.

Li Pingfan stayed in place for a while, thinking that he had heard Huang Mao talk about room 0088 of the Phoenix Hotel, and Li Pingfan didn't pay attention at that time, but now he can only be a dead horse as a living horse doctor, and he will try his luck first.

It's just that Li Pingfan didn't want to be like last time, so Li Pingfan called Wu Yanxia and told her the matter.

After a while, Yan Lu called and said that it was fine to bring him in, but she didn't want the Qiao Yumeng to join in, because they didn't want to provoke Zhang Shaohuang either.

Li Pingfan also knew that what he wanted was to bring himself in, and he could solve the rest by himself.

So the two came to the Phoenix Bar. Yan Lu took Li Fanfan to the first floor as agreed. He wanted to leave, but couldn't hold back his curiosity, so he followed Li Fanfan all the way.

When he came for the first time, Li Pingfan didn't observe the first floor carefully, but when he came again this time, Li Pingfan took a good look at it.

The first floor is indeed an illegal place. It is very big. It is full of food, drink, prostitution and gambling. All in all, this is a place to hide the ugliness of the world. You can do whatever you want here, but this kind of place Not ordinary people can come in, and many people don't even know that there is such a dungeon in Phoenix Bar.

Li Pingfan was walking back and forth aimlessly here, when a familiar figure came into Li Pingfan's eyes, and this person was Zhao Ming.

Li Pingfan quietly followed Zhao Ming to the casino, only to see Zhao Ming walking to a gambling table, and here Li Pingfan saw a familiar figure again, it was Zhao Kuo.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to get too close, for fear of being discovered by them, but Li Pingfan was a practitioner, and his methods were not comparable to those here.

So Li Pingfan displayed his consciousness and listened to the conversation between the two of them.

Zhao Kuo, are you looking for death? Do you still dare to catch her?

You see, Brother Qiang is still unconscious in the ICU.

Brother, it’s not my fault, it’s Young Master Zhang, Young Master Zhang is in Room 0088 right now, and he ordered me to do it.

And brother, that is called Li Pingfan, you don't have to be afraid of him, if we can handle this matter well for Zhang Shao, do we still need to be afraid of him? Do you still doubt Young Master Zhang's power? elder brother

Did Young Master Zhang personally order you to do it?

Brother Hei, Young Master Zhang's confidant, told me about it. Otherwise, even if I had the guts, I wouldn't dare to touch her.

It's okay, brother, as long as we pass the night safely and cook rice with raw rice, then she will be our sister-in-law.

Hmph, stupid, who is Young Master Zhang, how could he marry a secular woman, when the time comes, I'm afraid that we will make ourselves flirtatious if we have everything, said Zhao Ming.

Zhao Kuo thought for a while and said: Brother, Young Master Zhang is not such a person.

Hmph, not such a person, have you forgotten where your cousin Zhao Chuan is now? He is Young Master Zhang's good brother. Has Young Master Zhang avenged him since his accident?

Zhao Kuo was a little flustered at this moment, but the matter had already been done, and there was no medicine for regret in this world, so he could only bite the bullet and do it.

It's okay, brother, he can't come in here.

Oh? Yeah?

A voice that should not have appeared came to the ears of the two brothers. At this time, the faces of the two were extremely pale, for fear that they would step into the footsteps of the bald strong.

The two brothers slowly turned their heads to look at Li Pingfan, shouting that it was impossible. At this moment, they hallucinated, then closed their eyes, and opened them again. Li Pingfan was still looking at the two of them.

The two of them knelt on the ground at the same time, pleading: Brother, I was wrong, please forgive me.

Get up, why are there so many people around you watching? There is no need to do this, Li Pingfan quickly helped the two of them up.

But I have something I want to ask you two, as long as you answer it well, otherwise, I still remember where Zhao Chuan is now.

Okay, brother, you ask, you ask, as long as I know, I will tell, Zhao Ming said first.

Where are Hu Yinger and my three brothers now? Li Pingfan said in a very flat tone, but he could vaguely feel a trace of killing intent.


		