

Chapter 101

Challenge

While Li Pingfan was resting, in one of the hotel rooms in Huacheng, people from Shura Hall were plotting.

Deacon Li, Li Pingfan has won again.

I know this, and I have already won the first place.

So what do we do next.

Go and see if Elder Wang is here.

Deacon Li, I just spoke on the phone half an hour ago. Elder Wang is on his way here. This meeting should be here soon.

Well, the next opportunity needs the support of Elder Wang.

What do I need to support? At this time, a thick voice came from outside the door.

Elder Wang.

Xiao Li, what happened, you called me here in such a hurry.

Elder Wang, did something big happen?

Let's talk about something big.

By the way, why don't you see Zhao Hai and Zhao Huai? Didn't they participate in the Martial Arts Conference? Did you get the top ten ranking?

Elder Wang, I was about to tell you about this, Deacon Li said.

Well, let's talk.

Zhao Hai was killed.

What? Who was killed, that blind person dared to kill people from our Shura Palace, wouldn't he be hunted down?

Let me tell you about Elder Wang slowly, Deacon Li said.

After hearing from Deacon Li.

Elder Wang patted the table heavily, and the table split in half instantly.

How could even Zhao Huai's cultivation level be dismantled by this person.

Who is this person, have you checked it out?

Tell me, Elder Wang, we checked the identity of this person, but we only found out that he is a contestant of the Binhai Martial Arts League, and we don't know anything about his other backgrounds.

Oh, by the way, it was also found that it seems to be relatively close to Binhai Li's and Wu's families.

Wu Family, Elder Wang narrowed his eyes and thought.

You said he won the first place in this competition, right?

Yes, Elder Wang, it is said that even Nalan Yu of the Nalan family directly conceded in the battle against him.

So tomorrow is the last day of the Martial Arts Conference, the challenge.

Yes, Elder Wang.

As far as I know, are there any people from Rakshasa Temple among the participants this time?

Yes, Elder Wang, indeed nothing can escape your eyes.

Xiao Li, you send someone to find the people in the Raksha Temple, and pay a high price...

Elder Wang's move is brilliant, he borrows a knife to kill people, no matter what, he, Li Pingfan, will die tomorrow. Hahaha, Deacon Li and Elder Wang burst out laughing.

Alright, you go and make arrangements, we will sit and watch the show tomorrow.

Don't worry, Elder Wang, I'll make arrangements right away, Deacon Li said.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan slept peacefully all night, and the next day, Li Pingfan came to the game site as usual.

After coming to the arena this time, ten seats were arranged on the central ring, and each seat was numbered, from one to ten, corresponding to each person's ranking.

In today's group arena, it seems that these ten people will sit in their corresponding positions, so that all contestants can choose to challenge, Li Pingfan thought in his heart.

In the end, as Li Pingfan expected, the ten of them sat in their respective positions.

The only difference is that after everyone sat in their seats, a pillar rose in front of them.

Then Nalan Jie said, enter the challenge immediately, you put your own items on the pillars of the person you want to challenge, if the corresponding person accepts your challenge, then you can start the challenge, now you can start to challenge yourself It's time for a challenge.

After Nalan Jie announced the rules of the competition, the people below the ring were also noisy, discussing the strength of these ten people one after another.

Do you think anyone will challenge for the first place today?

It's really hard to say, haven't you read it? How strong is Li Pingfan? Even Feng Zelong is not his opponent, and do you know that Feng Zelong is said to have almost reached It's mid-level, but he hasn't knocked him out of the ring yet.

That's it.

Even Nalan Yu didn't dare to fight him and surrendered directly.

Yes, yes, it seems that Binhai's first place will be stable this time.

That's not necessarily the case, have you forgotten that he beheaded a master of Shura Hall? And it also lost the cultivation base of a Shura Palace member.

Hey, so what, each sect or family, organization, can only compete with two people, Li Pingfan even destroyed the two people in the Asura Hall at the same time, so who dares to trouble him easily, although The strength of the Asura Hall is very strong, but this is the scene of the Martial Arts Conference, of course there are masters in charge, and the people of the Asura Hall will definitely not let the people of the Asura Hall mess around.

You are so naive, Shura Hall is not an ordinary organization of forces, they are a killer organization, although they can't do it in the Martial Arts Conference, can you guarantee that Li Pingfan will not die unexpectedly after the Martial Arts Conference is over?

Hey, that's all for later, and besides, is the Binhai Wumeng eating dry food? And it is said that the woman he was protecting on stage before was the granddaughter of Wu Zhiguo, the Binhai warrior.

Ah, Wu Zhiguo's granddaughter, so it is.

(Most people in Huacheng have heard of Wu Zhiguo, mainly due to Wu Zhiguo’s famous battle decades ago, so it’s not surprising to know Wu Zhiguo in Huacheng.)

Then if Wu Zhiguo wanted to intervene, it would be difficult to handle this matter.

So, if Shura Palace wants to take revenge, it must be before Li Pingfan returns to Binhai, otherwise it will be very difficult to start after arriving at Binhai Shura Palace.

Look, someone is up for a challenge.

Lin Peng, a casual repairman in Stone City, Jiujiang, challenged Zhang Yu, the seventh place, with a bet of 100 million.

Lin Peng put a card on the stone pillar. After verification, the card contained 100 million, so it was up to Zhang Yu to agree. As long as he agreed to lose, his ranking and the resources he got would all belong to Lin Peng, if he wins, he can hold an extra 100 million.

I agree, Zhang Yu said.

So the two came to the arena.

After more than half an hour of competition, Lin Peng was finally defeated. Of course, the 100 million on the stone pillar belonged to Zhang Yu.

After this battle, several people on the ring sat quietly in their positions again.

Ten minutes passed like this, and someone shouted from under the ring.

I want to challenge for the first place, Li Pingfan.


		