

Sir, how many are you? Do you have an appointment? A soft voice came to the ears, which made people feel more intimate.

Li Pingfan turned to look at her.

She was wearing a uniform, showing a perfect figure, her warm eyes seemed to shed tears at any moment, she wore a simple ponytail, she looked very pure, like the little sister next door, her little ruddy mouth looked extraordinarily innocent The eyes are bright, and the voice is also extraordinarily soft.

I was the only one without an appointment, so Li Pingfan looked at the tag on his chest again, which said, Lin Jiaqi. It turned out that her name was Lin Jiaqi.

Sir, this way please.

Li Pingfan followed her to the seat.

Sir, here is the menu, you can order first.

Li Pingfan ordered a few casually, and that's all.

Sir, are you sure you can eat that much yourself?

Li Pingfan looked at Lin Jiaqi and said, yes, you can serve the food quickly.

good sir.

But in about five minutes, all the meals were served.

Li Pingfan didn't even look at it, and started to gobble it up in the eyes of everyone around him.

You can see that this person seems to have not eaten for more than ten days, and everyone around him laughed.

In just ten minutes, Li Pingfan finished all the food.

Bill, please.

Sir, you have spent a total of 3259 yuan, here is your bill, you can take a look at it first.

Li Pingfan took a look at the bill, then handed the two hundred yuan to Lin Jiaqi.

Sir, this is not enough for you, there is still a shortfall of 3059 yuan. This is only two hundred yuan.

Li Pingfan had no concept of money in this world.

Li Pingfan looked around, watching the people around him talking.

You see, such a person dares to come here to eat the overlord's meal. Now there is a good show to watch.

Hahahahaha, a series of loud laughs made people feel a little panicked.

For many years, I haven’t seen anyone who dared to eat Bawang’s meal here.

At this time, a middle-aged man with a sturdy body and a big beard came out.

My God, I'm afraid this young man will suffer, and he will have to peel off his skin if he doesn't die.

Manager Hu, this gentleman spent 3259 yuan, and now he has settled 200 yuan...

Well, you needn't say it, my fist is already hungry and thirsty.

Boy, are you giving money or getting punched. You decide for yourself.

Li Pingfan saw a sense of oppression in this person, and this is the only person who can give him such a great sense of oppression today.

Li Pingfan is not completely sure that he can beat him, and his winning rate is only 20%.

Li Pingfan stood there motionless, thinking that even if he couldn't beat him, he had to try, even if he couldn't beat him, wouldn't it be okay to run by himself? When I advance to the first level of Qi training, I will beat you to your knees and call you daddy .

Seeing that Li Pingfan hadn't spoken yet, Hu Tian raised his fist and was about to hit Li Pingfan.

Wait a minute, then a soft voice came, Manager Hu, I paid for his meal for him.

While talking, he took out his mobile phone to pay.

Ding, 959 yuan arrived.

Damn you, you stinky woman, dare to play tricks on me?

Manager Hu, I'm not playing tricks on you. I've been here for seven days. At that time, the salary I said was 300 yuan a day. I'm quitting now. I transferred 959 yuan to you to pay for the meal.

Now that he has quit, Hu Tian can't say anything.

Damn it's really unlucky, a man actually relies on a woman, she's such a loser, Hu Tian scolded her when she left.

Thank you, girl. If you have any requirements in the future, I will definitely do my best to help you.

Lin Jiaqi didn't listen carefully either, she just said, hurry up and leave.

Then he ran back angrily.

Li Pingfan looked at the contemptuous eyes of the people around him and walked out of the restaurant. Before leaving, the doorman also said that he dared to come here to eat without money. Is this something that people like you can afford? Garbage, but also rely on women's wimps.

Li Pingfan shook his head and disappeared into their sarcastic words.

Not long after walking forward, I heard a girl crying.

Isn't this Lin Jiaqi?

Thank you for helping me just now. Your name is Lin Jiaqi, why are you crying? Don't worry, I will repay you.

Lin Jiaqi raised her head and looked at Li Pingfan, why haven't you left yet, you go, don't bother me, I don't need you to repay, you go quickly, and then she cried even louder.

Li Pingfan has never encountered such a situation. For more than two thousand years, he has been practicing, learning various skills, and always looking for ways to break through the boundaries of his own life. He rarely encounters such a situation. This is rarely the case, and now Li Pingfan is a little at a loss, he can only stand by and wait stupidly, and some people around him are still persuading, you should coax your girlfriend quickly.

Why haven't you left yet?

Have you finished crying? If you haven't finished crying, you can cry for a while.

It's okay not to say this, but when Lin Jiaqi said it, she burst into tears again.

Okay, stop crying, tell me about your difficulties, maybe I can help you, Li Pingfan said angrily.

Lin Jiaqi's voice is gradually getting smaller, it's not because of you, I finally found a job that pays 300 yuan a day, I'm going to start school soon, I don't have any money on me now, the money is all my tuition fees, grandpa After borrowing all the money, I was finally allowed to go to Binhai Medical University. Now I don’t even have tuition fees for the next semester, and I don’t have such a job anymore. What should I do? After talking, I cried again.

Don't cry, I'll help you, it's just a little money, it's like the world is destroyed.

Just you, if you can help me ask, will you still have no money to eat?

Li Pingfan pulled Lin Jiaqi up and walked forward.

Where do you want to take me, someone come here, there are traffickers here, come someone quickly.

Shut up, I'm talking, I want you to eat fists.

Lin Jiaqi immediately shut her mouth.

Where are we going?

Go to your house, I decided to repay you, so you don't have to worry about me running away.

Lin Jiaqi was a little dazed when she heard this, and after thinking for a while, it seemed that what she said made sense, so she walked all over to her home.


		