

Chapter 108

hunted down

Haha, it's true to see Jiaqi, Lin Bo said.

Li Pingfan shook his head helplessly.

Well, it's getting late, I'm going to clean up the house for you, get some rest, let's talk about what's going on tomorrow, hahahaha, Lin Bo said with a happy smile.

After tidying up, Li Pingfan also returned to his room and slept peacefully for the night.

After waking up the next day, Li Pingfan could smell the aroma of rice.

Wake up, let's take a shower and eat.

After a while, Li Pingfan and the others began to eat a sumptuous breakfast.

Ordinary friend, logically speaking, it is not easy to drink alcohol this morning, but I just can’t help it, old man. I want to thank you for curing my body and prolonging my life for ten years, so that I can spend more time with Jia Qi ten years, you gave me this opportunity.

Grandpa Lin, you are welcome, if Lin Jiaqi hadn't paid for my meal in Binhai, I would still be washing dishes in that restaurant.

Pfft, Lin Jiaqi laughed out loud.

Washing the dishes, washing the dishes may be quite suitable for you, then you can wash the dishes at home from now on, Lin Jiaqi said playfully.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, Grandpa Lin, Jiaqi, I think I'd better find another place to live.

What?

There is your room in this house, why do you dislike us? Lin Bo said angrily.

No, no, no, Li Pingfan quickly waved his hands and said three nos, which made Lin Jiaqi next to him cover her mouth and giggle non-stop.

I am indeed some private matter of my own, which is inconvenient.

What's inconvenient about private affairs? Besides, we can't see you in your room, so we can handle your private affairs at will. What's the inconvenience, Lin Bo said.

It's okay not to mention it, but when it comes to doing private affairs in her room, Lin Jiaqi next to her laughed even more recklessly.

Li Fanfan thought that Lin Jiaqi was stupid, she was being chased and killed, and she didn't want to implicate them, and she didn't know where this little girl was going.

Actually, I... Li Pingfan hesitated to speak.

Ordinary friends, if you have something to say, as long as we can help you, Jiaqi and I will do our best.

Lin Jiaqi also nodded at the same time.

Hey, you can't help me with this.

Ordinary friend, I don't like to hear these words, what do you mean we can't help, you haven't said anything yet, how do you know that we can't help.

Come on, no matter what it is, you have to speak up first, before we know if we can help you.

Besides, you have already extended my life, if I can't even repay this kindness, I...I...I. Lin Bo hesitated to speak.

Li Pingfan also knew that if he didn't say anything, they would definitely not let him go today.

So Li Pingfan said, in fact, I was hunted and killed, and I took refuge here in Liangzhou.

I don't want to bother you either.

If they knew that I was in Liangzhou and that I was involved with you, you would definitely be involved, so I... Li Pingfan didn't say the rest.

Hearing what Li Pingfan said, the two were also very shocked.

How could it be possible to chase and kill, under the protection of the law, who would dare to openly chase and kill? Are they not afraid of legal sanctions?

Li Pingfan laughed dryly, hey, I have provoked some forces, they know the law, Li Pingfan shook his head, there is nothing they can do about the law.

Lin Bo agrees with this point, because he knows that the world is not black and white, but gray, and there are always some things that are beyond the mundane.

Now Lin Bo and Lin Jiaqi also know why Li Pingfan insisted on finding another place to live instead of living with him.

Hahahaha, ordinary little friend, isn’t it just such a small problem, don’t worry about living here, Jiaqi and I will never betray you, and you live outside alone, the chances of being targeted are higher, we There are many people around, even if something happens, there will be someone to take care of you, how about this, you don't have to look for a house, just live here, with Grandpa Lin around, they don't dare to mess around, Lin Bo said, patted his chest.

Seeing that Li Pingfan couldn't hold back Lin Bo, he had no choice but to agree.

But the good thing is that their appearance has changed a lot from before, so it is not easy for them to find Li Pingfan.

Therefore, Li Pingfan is absolutely safe in the near future. As for finding another place to live, Li Pingfan thinks that if he finds an opportunity after a while, he should move out and chase after his forces. It is not something that Lin Bo and Lin Jiaqi can provoke. of.

Okay, Lin Bo, then I will stay here temporarily.

That's right, let's eat quickly, Jiaqi, eat quickly, and it's time to go to work after eating.

ok grandpa.

Soon after breakfast was finished, Lin Jiaqi also packed up and went to work, and Lin Bo also went out.

Li Pingfan had nothing to do at home, so he also went out to wander around. After all, he came to Liangzhou for the first time, and he was not very familiar with the environment here. Of course, he had to go out and get acquainted with the environment.

Walking on the street, Li Pingfan felt that Liangzhou and Binhai were indeed somewhat different. The pace of life here was much slower, while the pace of life in Binhai was very fast.

After all, Binhai is a commercial city above all else, but Liangzhou is not a city that focuses on business.

Li Pingfan walked and came to the restaurant where Lin Jiaqi worked. Li Pingfan touched his stomach and seemed to be gurgling again.

Li Pingfan walked into the restaurant, but the moment he first entered the restaurant, Li Pingfan became furious because Li Pingfan saw three young people who looked like students, making obscene gestures towards Lin Jiaqi.

Three please be respectful.

Respect, do we not respect you? If you think we don't respect you like this, why don't you accompany my third brother to a nearby hotel at night and let my third brother respect you?

Despicable, shameless, Lin Jiaqi shouted.

Hahahaha, brothers, she said we are shameless, hahahaha.

If you go to inquire about it, it is your good fortune to gain my young master Liang's favor. Go and call your boss, I want to see if your boss dares not give me young master Liang's face.

Oh, isn't this Young Master Liang? Li Pingfan walked towards Lin Jiaqi with a smile on his face.


		