

Chapter fifty-six

Su Haokai's Return

After the four eyes left, Li Pingfan returned to his room and began to practice.

In the blink of an eye, two days passed quietly.

Li Pingfan walked out of the state of cultivation and looked inside the villa. Li Pingfan knew that Li Mo hadn't come back these two days, but Li Pingfan also thought of this, after all, Grandpa Li's body had just recovered.

Jingle bell, jingle bell.

Just as Li Pingfan was thinking, a burst of phone ringing came to Li Pingfan's ears.

Li Pingfan picked up the phone.

Hello, Brother Van.

As soon as he heard the voice, Li Pingfan knew it was Su Haokai calling.

Hao Kai, what's the matter, what's the matter?

Brother Fan, I'm back, hasn't it been a long time since I saw you? I want to invite you out for dinner.

OK, where are you, I'll go right away.

Li Pingfan is indeed a little hungry. After all, he has not eaten for several days. Although a practitioner can go without food for a long time, but after all, his cultivation base is not high, so he can only last for a few days. If he asked himself to eat, Li Pingfan would go without even thinking about it.

Afterwards, Su Haokai told Li Pingfan the address, and the two hung up the phone.

Not long after, Li Pingfan arrived at the address Su Haokai mentioned.

It's just that after arriving at the place, Li Pingfan also saw Four Eyes and Huangmao.

Brother Fan, the three of them inexplicably called out Li Fanfan's name in unison.

Li Pingfan patted Su Haokai and said, go eat quickly, I'm almost starving to death.

At this time, the three showed strange expressions.

I'll go, Brother Fan, that Miss Li family won't let you eat? Su Haokai said.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan also knew that Su Haokai already knew about himself.

Talking, several people have come to the place to eat.

This place is also one of the largest restaurants around the school. The consumption here can be said to be a place that only a few people in the school can afford. It seems that Su Haokai spent a lot of money to treat himself to dinner this time.

Brother Fan, I heard from Huang Mao that my sister-in-law is also from our school.

I'll go, Li Pingfan knows who Su Haokai's sister-in-law is.

Just talk about your words here, don't talk nonsense when you go out, she is a little girl, don't ruin her innocence.

Brother Fan, why are we talking nonsense? Su Haokai said.

In just a short while of talking here, the food has already been served.

Several people happily ate their meals while chatting about their recent encounters. When it came to Four Eyes, they all said that he was different from before. Not only Su Haokai and Huang Mao felt this way, but even Li Pingfan felt that Four Eyes and The cowardly person before was completely different, but only Four Eyes and Li Pingfan knew about it.

After a while, several people left the restaurant after eating, and the four of them wandered aimlessly in the streets and alleys.

At this moment, Li Pingfan's cell phone rang suddenly, but he hung up quickly.

Li Pingfan took out his mobile phone and looked at it, it turned out that it was Hu Yinger calling.

When Li Pingfan called her back again, it showed that there was no answer, and he called several times, but the same result showed that there was still no answer. Now Li Pingfan was a little anxious. Li Pingfan knew that at this moment Hu Yinger might be in trouble, otherwise she wouldn't call herself.

After Li Pingfan told everyone about the matter, they all seemed a little anxious.

After hearing this, Su Haokai said: Young Master Zhang, could it be someone from Young Master Zhang? My sister-in-law has also provoked people from the Zhang family.

After finishing speaking, Su Haokai counted the time and said loudly, it's not good that Young Master Zhang will be back today, maybe his sister-in-law was intercepted by Young Master Zhang's people.

After listening, Li Pingfan seemed a little anxious. If it was him, he must be found as soon as possible. Li Pingfan didn't want Li Mo's incident to happen to her.

So a few people discussed it and started looking for them separately.

And Li Pingfan and Su Haokai are in a team, because Li Pingfan needs to know the information about this Young Master Zhang.

Li Fanfan also knows that this so-called Young Master Zhang, named Zhang Shaohuang, is a candidate for the head of the Zhang family, and he is extremely vicious and powerful in Binhai. After all, he is backed by the Zhang family, so he never acts. Consider the consequences.

After hearing what Su Haokai said, Li Pingfan was even more worried, so the two searched separately.

At this time, Hu Yinger was indeed in trouble, and she herself was blocked by a group of people in an alley around the school.

And the person who took the lead this time was Zhao Kuo, but there was a person behind Zhao Kuo who didn't speak.

Hey, Miss Yinger, I want to see you, Brother Qiang, so please come with us.

Zhao Kuo, I think you have forgotten the lesson from last time. I advise you to get out of the way, otherwise you will regret it.

Haha, Zhao Kuo laughed, regretting it, don't worry, no one will come to rescue you today, we smashed your phone book, who else can you contact? When they find you, I think you're going to die, and then you'll be my sister-in-law, how could I regret it? After finishing speaking, Zhao Kuo smirked again.

Bah, even if I die, I will not fall into your hands.

Haha, this is out of your control, Miss Yinger, if you are sensible, please take the initiative to go with us, otherwise if you touch you later, don't blame us.

Despicable and shameless, Hu Yinger gritted her teeth and said.

At this time, Hu Yinger was very flustered, but she knew that Li Pingfan would definitely come to rescue her, because she had already made a phone call. Although the phone was destroyed, the message had already been sent.

Haha, despicable, haha, there are even more despicable ones, I haven’t used them yet, so Miss Yinger, I advise you to obediently leave with us, otherwise we will have to do it, Zhao Kuo ordered people to catch him Hu Yinger.

At this moment, Huang Mao and Siyan walked into this alley unintentionally. When they saw Hu Yinger, they quickly took out their mobile phones and wanted to send a message, but before they sent, the mobile phone had been blocked. People hit the ground.

Hey, who is this? It turns out to be Brother Four Eyes. Why do you also want a hero to save the beauty? I think you have watched too many movies. call me.

The people around Zhao Kuo rushed forward and punched and kicked Four Eyes and Huang Mao.

Miss Ying Er, you saw that they originally wanted to save you, but they also involved themselves, so, you should hurry up and leave with us, otherwise the two of them will go to the hospital to lie down for a few days, and all It's up to you, if you still want to procrastinate, then they may have to lie in the hospital for the rest of their lives, just keep calling me, Zhao Kuo ordered again after speaking.

Zhao Kuo, I think you are impatient.


		