

Chapter 143

besieged

Fifth Brother, Liu Ran was furious, and couldn't help but rushed towards Li Pingfan. The surrounding Meng Jianping, Nalan Jie and others also shot to block Liu Ran at the same time.

Get the hell out of here, Liu Ran yelled loudly, and the aura in his body instantly spread and knocked back a few people. After a few people regained their composure, Liu Ran had already arrived in front of the Fifth Elder lying on the ground, and sent someone to send him back to the sect. Door.

Li Pingfan doesn't care if you are from that place or not, you actually hurt my fifth brother, I want you to pay with your life, Liu Ran yelled at Li Pingfan angrily.

Liu Ran was completely angry, and directly punched Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique to quickly dodge Liu Ran's punch.

After Li Pingfan escaped, he saw that a big pit was blown out of the ground in Li Pingfan's former station.

The people around gasped, this punch was too strong, if they were punched by themselves, they would probably turn into flesh.

Is this the strength of the semi-hidden family? People in the secular world around are discussing one after another.

But that Li Pingfan is also very strong, you can see that he dodged the blow very calmly, if it was me, I would definitely not be able to do it.

Tch, if we hadn't fought with them for so long before, our physical strength would have been exhausted, or they could kill him with one punch, another person said.

You can do the math here, even if you are asked to face Liu Ran with this punch, do you dare? I'm afraid I can't even run away.

you.

What about you, is it that difficult to admit that others are better than you? The people around each other said their own things, and it was very lively.

And Meng Jianping and Nalan Jie rushed over to help Li Pingfan stop Liu Ran.

Li Pingfan waved his hand and said, I can do it myself.

Then you be careful, a few people also quit here after a word of advice.

Boy, do you only know how to run away? Do you dare to take this punch from your grandpa Liu?

Hmph, why not dare.

Okay, okay, boy, I hope you won't be hiding this time.

Boom, Liu Ran punched again, this punch was more powerful than before.

Li Pingfan muttered in his heart, I rely on you, crazy old man.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique again, and used his own speed to avoid the blow.

You, keep your word. Liu Ran hopped her feet angrily.

You are an idiot, how can I take a punch with your heavenly strength, but I think you can only use one punch at most with your current physical strength, listen to my advice, go home quickly, Li Pingfan said with a sneer.

The people around immediately burst out laughing at Li Pingfan's words, and they all agreed, "Go home quickly."

I'm angry, I'm angry, Liu Ran's anger increased again, boy, I want you to die, I want you to die, Liu Ran roared.

Liu Ran used all her remaining spiritual power to transform into a sharp sword, which was fifty meters long.

Boy, let me see where you are running this time, Liu Ran waved the sharp sword in her hand as she spoke.

Li Pingfan shook his head, unfortunately, Li Pingfan mobilized his own aura, and turned into a long spear in front of him, Li Pingfan took the long spear in his hand and stabbed out.

When the spear collided with the sword, there was a squeaking sound.

Bang, the spear transformed by Li Pingfan pierced the sharp sword transformed by Liu Ran.

The moment the sharp sword shattered, Liu Ran also collapsed powerlessly to the ground.

Li Pingfan, you hurt the two elders of my sect, you, I will kill you.

At this moment, seeing the two elders of his family collapsed on the ground, the disciples of Qixiamen stood up one after another and surrounded Li Pingfan.

A group of jumping clowns, let the young master go away, Li Pingfan yelled and cheered everyone around Qixiamen away.

Do the Wang family and Wuxin Pavilion still want to fight, Li Pingfan said domineeringly.

Wang Bolin and Yu Xiaorou, you look at me, I look at you, they seem to be waiting for each other's decision.

Since there is no, then I will leave, young master.

After saying that, Li Pingfan walked to Bai Jinghu's side.

Wait a minute, Yu Xiaorou said.

Li Pingfan turned his head to look at Yu Xiaorou and said, do you want to try it?

No, I just want to discuss with my little friend.

Oh? What are you discussing?

There are two white crystal tigers here, why don't you keep one and leave the other one to us?

It seems you didn't hear what I said before? That’s right, I’m repeating myself, sir, listen up, both of them are my friends, and I will definitely take them out of here intact.

Since Xiaoyou insists on not listening to the advice, don't blame me for being ruthless.

Fellow Daoists, if he is allowed to leave today, none of us will get these two white crystal tigers. Why don't we join forces and kill him here? Afterwards, these two white crystal tigers are the only one in your secular world, and we will keep them How about one.

These remarks once again mobilized the emotions of everyone around, hearing that it was profitable, all the surrounding families couldn't bear it anymore.

Is what you said true, said a patriarch of a secular world family.

True.

Zhou Hailin, what are you doing? Meng Jianping said.

Mr. Meng, my Zhou family is sorry.

With Zhou Hailin taking the lead, other aristocratic families also stood up one after another, because they also wanted a share of the pie.

Lao Song, Xiao Chen, He Shuheng, you, you, Nalan Jie, Meng Jianping, Wu Zhiguo called them one after another.

These people arched their hands at several people, expressing their powerlessness, that's all they could do.

At this moment, Li Pingfan stood there calmly.

Boy, I'm asking you again for the request just now. If you agree, we won't make a move. If you don't agree, don't blame us for being ruthless, Yu Xiaorou said again.

Hahahaha, you don't really think that these people can stop me, Li Pingfan said.

Whether it can stop you, you have to try to know.

Make a move, ordering all the people to swarm up and attack Li Pingfan.


		