

Chapter 137

Half Hidden Royal Family

Hmph, who am I supposed to be? It turned out to be Wang Bolin. Brother Wang brought the younger generation of his family to visit me on Qixia Mountain. I welcome him at any time, but I don’t know what the reason for Brother Wang’s forced visit this time is, Liu Ran said flatly.

Hahahaha, brother Liu, don't you know why I came here? We are all sensible people, why bother pretending to be ignorant, you say so, brother Liu, Wang Bolin replied.

I'm afraid Brother Wang has forgotten whose territory this Qixia Mountain belongs to? There was a hint of threat in Liu Ran's words.

Hahaha, Brother Liu, look at these people around you, do you still think this is your territory?

Haha, Brother Wang, I, Qixia Sect, are not afraid of warriors from the mundane world like them, so there is no need for them to frighten me.

Brother Liu, they really can't threaten you at Qixia Clan, but don't forget, we had a pause with...Wang Bolin.

Shut up, just as Wang Bolin was pausing, Liu Ran yelled to stop Wang Bolin.

At this moment, the corners of Wang Bolin's mouth were slightly raised, as if there was a feeling of success in a trick.

Then the two fell silent again.

But after the two were silent, the people around became restless.

Hall Master, which family do you think this Wang family belongs to? Wang Yao asked.

You said it was the Wang family who could go head-to-head with Qixiamen. Does the Wang family in the secular world have this ability? The hall master was not in a good mood.

What the palace master said was that his subordinates didn't think carefully, Wang Yao lowered his head and said.

The Palace Master's subordinates wanted to ask Wang Bolin what the last sentence meant.

Well, in fact, I just heard from the Palace Master that fifty years ago, there was an agreement between the secular world and these semi-hidden sects, that is, their people should not easily leave the secular world, let alone kill others in the secular world , if found out, this person must die and will undoubtedly bring disaster to his sect, but I have only heard about this before, but from what Wang Bolin said before, I am sure that they must have some kind of rules, otherwise Liu Ran will also He wouldn't be in such a hurry to stop Wang Bolin.

But I don't know their real rules. We have so many fighters, and there are also people from major families. If they kill us all, I don't think those who set the rules will let them go. The Lord explained to them.

After listening to the explanation of the palace master, Wang Yao and some people around him also understood the truth.

After that, it was passed on from ten to ten to hundreds, and soon, hundreds of people around all knew about it.

Li Pingfan, who had been eavesdropping, also roughly understood.

At this moment, Li Pingfan also had the idea of ​​rescuing Bai Jinghu and his wife.

Brother Wang, our stalemate is not a solution after all, why don't we work together to drive them out first, Liu Ran walked in front of Wang Bolin and said softly.

Brother Liu, I think your proposal is very good. The two looked at each other with a smile on their lips.

We have taken a fancy to these two white crystal tigers, you warriors in the mundane world, leave quickly, otherwise don't blame us for being rude to you, Liu Ran said.

You go down the mountain quickly, just pretend you haven't been here today, and what's going on today, you'd better not talk nonsense, otherwise... Wang Bailin followed up.

Why do you let us go down the mountain? We have to go down the mountain. Don’t think we don’t know. You semi-hidden families dare not do anything to us secular warriors, otherwise you won’t have good fruit to eat. A young man The warrior said first.

Oh? Yeah? Said Liu Ran and Wang Bolin shot at the same time.

The young man who spoke before lost his life in an instant.

Seeing this scene, all the people around were stunned. What shocked them was not that the young man died in front of them, but their killing speed, which was too fast. He didn't even have a chance to react, and instantly died in front of everyone.

What's even unbelievable is that they just stayed at the same place and didn't seem to have moved their positions, so they beheaded that young man. Horror. Now the people around them dare to pick up only terror. Even the side hall of Shura Hall Lord, he opened his mouth unconsciously, but he understood the attacks of the two of them. If it was him, he might have blocked the blow, but he would never laugh at the price he received. Earth-level fighters probably won't be able to hold out for three rounds.

Do any of you have thoughts like his? Feel free to go forward and give it a try, Liu Ran said.

You, you, aren't you afraid that someone will trouble you? Someone in the crowd spoke.

Trouble, hahahaha, just killed a little martial artist, if you dare to trouble me, let alone him, you and I still dare to kill, said Liu Ran and shot again.

At this moment, the person who spoke in the crowd was beheaded by Liu Ran, and the atmosphere around him became tense again.

Hahahaha, Wang Bolin and Liu Ran laughed mockingly when they saw the tense expressions of the warriors around them.

Is there anyone else coming to die? If no one comes to die, I think you should leave quickly, otherwise, I will send you off one by one, but what I mean by sending you off is the same as them. Wang Bolin pointed to the two corpses on the ground Said.

Arrogance, someone underestimated in a low voice.

In the few seconds after this remark just fell, this person was also incomprehensible.

Such a small voice can be heard, and the surrounding people are all scared, no one dares to say a word, but they can't go if they want to, because Bai Jinghu's temptation is too great.

Since none of you dare to stand up, then leave quickly, otherwise I will really send you away one by one.

After a while, no one left.

Seeing this, Wang Bolin and Liu Ran were also very angry. They had persuaded them several times, but these people still didn't move at all. They really didn't know what to do, they cursed secretly in their hearts.

I gave you three minutes to think about it, and when the three minutes are up, we will start the killing ring.


		