

Chapter 172

Dead Creek Forest

The cauldron emitted a dazzling light.

Chen Ye punched the cauldron with a punch, making a crisp sound.

Then Li Pingfan involuntarily pointed to the sky.

At this moment, the sky darkened instantly.

It was that trick again, and the people around were talking about it.

At this moment, the third elder also seemed to feel the unusualness of this technique, so he said, is this what he used?

The fourth elder nodded and said, yes, this person used this kind of magic last time, if the sect master hadn't tried to stop me in time, Zhou Wu would have died long ago.

It's too scary, I'm afraid even I may not be able to get out of this kind of technique, the third elder said.

Hey, how much human potential does this person have, even the big cauldron between his eyebrows can feel an unusual breath, the fourth elder sighed.

Although Chen Ye's face has changed a little at this moment, his fists still haven't stopped.

Bang, Chen Ye punched again, hitting the cauldron heavily.

Li Pingfan pointed out the point with difficulty, causing five strikes from the thunder.

The first blow, boom, fell instantly, hitting Chen Ye.

Hmph, this kind of attack also wanted to hurt me, so let me break it. Chen Ye shouted loudly, and the spiritual energy all over his body erupted instantly, shaking off the first blow.

Li Pingfan then pointed out three fingers in a row, and three lightning bolts fell at the same time.

Boom, Chen Ye was knocked back a few steps by Li Pingfan's sudden song. Taking advantage of this little time, Li Pingfan pointed out a little bit, the fifth blow, and Lei Mimi.

At this moment, the surroundings are like a dark night, and Li Pingfan knows whether he can escape from Ascension to Heaven in just a few breaths. Li Pingfan didn't dare to delay at all, and left immediately.

At this time, Chen Ye had been waiting for the fifth blow, but it never fell. After a few breaths, the surrounding sky returned to its original state, and Li Pingfan in front of Chen Ye had long since disappeared.

Chase, Chen Ye didn't have any nonsense.

At this time, Li Pingfan dragged his seriously injured body and moved forward slowly.

Pavilion Master, I beg you, please save him. At this moment, Liu Shihuan is kneeling on the ground on another mountain, begging Liu Wuxin bitterly.

They saw the scene just now clearly. Every punch Li Pingfan received, Liu Shihuan's heart felt as if a knife was being twisted. Suffering all kinds of hardships, the inexplicable heartache in my heart.

Liu Wuxin looked at Liu Shihuan who was kneeling on the ground, but felt an indescribable sense of powerlessness.

Shi Huan, it's not because of the teacher not to save him, but because we can't do anything.

Master, I know, I know, if you help with your strength, Qixiamen will not notice.

Hey, my fool, do you really think Chen Ye would be that simple?

Master, I beg you, just save Li Pingfan.

Hey, Liu Wuxin shook his head.

Master, I beg you.

Liu Wuxin still shook her head, forgive me for being powerless.

Seeing this, Liu Shihuan got up slowly and wiped away the tears from the corners of her eyes. Master, thank you for taking care of my disciple all these years. Forgive me for being unfilial. I will not be able to serve you in the future.

After speaking, Liu Shihuan rushed towards Li Pingfan.

Who, come out, Li Pingfan shouted.

Liu Shihuan walked out.

It's you?

Um.

How did you come?

I, I, this is not the place to talk, I will take you out of here. Liu Shihuan pulled Li Pingfan away from here.

Where are you taking me, Li Pingfan asked.

After all, she is a member of Wuxin Pavilion. Although Wuxin Pavilion has saved her life, but people's hearts are unpredictable, and it is better to ask clearly about some things.

Dead Creek Forest, in the current situation, only Dead Creek Forest can escape the pursuit of Qixiamen, Liu Shihuan said.

Dead Creek Forest, what is this place, Li Pingfan said weakly.

A place that can only be entered and cannot be entered. It is said that none of the people who entered it came out alive.

Either way, it’s okay, so I, Li Pingfan, will definitely go through this.

Fourth Elder, I found Li Pingfan's trace here.

Kill him immediately.

I'm afraid not, there are people in Wuxin Pavilion beside him.

What? Wuxin Pavilion, are they going to intervene in this matter? Report the location, we will go there immediately.

After this person reported his location, he followed Li Pingfan all the time.

Go quickly, there is Dead Stream Forest in front of you, once they reach Dead Stream Forest, they dare not go there.

Hahahahaha, I'm afraid it's not that easy to go to Dead Stream Forest, said the Fourth Elder.

Li Pingfan, you are a threat after all if you are alive, so die to me, and the fourth elder punched me directly.

It's not that easy to kill him, Liu Shihuan used the kung fu technique, wind control technique, and blasted out with one punch at the same time.

Bang, boom, boom, Liu Shihuan backed up again and again.

The Fourth Elder only dared to repel Liu Shihuan, but did not dare to kill him, otherwise Liu Shihuan was standing behind Wuxin Pavilion after all.

Afterwards, Chen Ye led a group of people to follow.

Does Wuxin Pavilion also want to intervene in this matter? Chen Ye said loudly at this moment.

At this time, Liu Wuxin led several people out of the forest beside him.

Sect Master Chen is talking there, I will definitely not interfere in this matter, and I came here this time to take my apprentice away.

That being the case, please, Pavilion Master Liu, quickly take the disciple away.

Liu Wuxin nodded, and then said, Huanhuan happily followed the teacher back.

No, no, Master, I'm not going back, I'm not going, no.

Master, I beg you, please save him, look at him, he is about to die, I don’t want him to die, I don’t want him to die, if he wants to die, let me die, Master, please save Li Pingfan Come on, Liu Shihuan knelt on the ground and begged bitterly.

Li Pingfan was also very surprised when he saw this. He didn't seem to have any intersection with Liu Shihuan, and it was only the one time in Binhai, and he didn't even say a few words after that. Some puzzled.

Are you going to die of anger as a teacher? Follow me and leave, Liu Wuxin said.

No, I don't want Master, I can't leave, if I leave, he will really die, I won't leave.

you you......

Pavilion Master Liu, we don't look at the deep affection between you master and apprentice, so make a decision quickly, otherwise don't blame me for being rude. The old lady of Master Chen is not intimidating, so pay attention to your words.

Liu Shihuan, as a teacher, I will ask you the last side, whether to go or not.

No, I will not go Master.

Well, if this is the case, then don't blame the teacher for being ruthless. From now on, Liu Shihuan has nothing to do with me in Wuxin Pavilion, and Wuxin Pavilion disciples are not allowed to have anything to do with her.

Master, no, Master.

Master, don't, senior sister is just young and ignorant, you old man can't give up senior sister, a woman said.

Anyone who is pleading for him will be expelled from the Wuxin Pavilion.

Everyone shut their mouths, not daring to speak too much.

Hahahaha, okay, okay, Pavilion Master Liu is really happy.


		