

Chapter Thirty-Seven

Late Xuan stage

Why bother, this brother, if you have to forgive others, how about forgiving him?

Deacon Feng, save me quickly.

To shut up.

Wang Ming shut up and didn't dare to say a word, even his breathing became much lighter, because Wang Ming knew that as long as Deacon Feng was around, he probably wouldn't be buried here.

Dare to ask this brother, who is his last name, and which family he belongs to.

Li Pingfan does not have any family sects.

I am Feng Zhenghao, the deacon of the Wumeng. My Wumeng disciple has caused you trouble. Now that you have beaten him, can you let me take him back?

Li Pingfan didn't intend to kill people to silence him.

You can take him back, but he must stay, Li Pingfan pointed to Lu Feng.

After all, everything that happened tonight was done by this Lu Feng. How could Li Pingfan let him go? Even if he is not allowed to die, at least he must be incapacitated for a long time. Li Pingfan has already made up his mind. stand up.

At this time, Lu Feng was trembling all over, because he knew what would happen to him if he fell into Li Pingfan's hands, and his skin would peel off if he didn't die.

And it was still on the first floor of the Phoenix Bar, even if he died here, there must be nothing the family members could do.

I can't agree to this condition. Young Master Lu is a partner of our Wumeng League. He can't stay. Except for this, you can change the condition. As long as I can do it, I will do it.

Then we have nothing to talk about.

Li Pingfan, what are you crazy about, Deacon Feng is here today, and you still want to keep me, I think you are dreaming.

Li Pingfan glanced at him sideways.

Lu Feng felt a strong murderous intent. Lu Feng was sure that as long as he stayed today, he would never see the sun tomorrow.

Lu Feng hurriedly moved to Deacon Feng's side again.

Brother Li, I also hope you can think clearly. Behind him is the entire Lu family. If he dies here today, then you will face the revenge of the entire Lu family next. You should think clearly.

I don't need his dog's life, his dog's life is worthless to me, it's just that he may lose some mobility functions, so as to save it from harming people.

It seems that today we have to see the real chapter under our hands.

Feng Zhenghao's momentum suddenly rose.

Everyone was secretly stunned.

Wu Yanxia was the first to talk about the peak of the late stage of the Mysterious Rank.

It was also the first time for Li Pingfan to see such an aura, which was completely different from that emanating from Wang Ming, and even this person had the same aura as Wu Yanxia.

Although it was also impure qi, the qi on this person was much stronger than the qi emanating from Wu Yanxia.

This time Li Pingfan also felt the pressure, but from the outside, he couldn't see any problems. After all, Li Pingfan had lived for thousands of years. People in this star field wanted to see through the subtle changes in Li Pingfan's body. That is very difficult.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan was different. He could clearly observe every detail of his opponent's body, even the subtle changes in his expression. Li Pingfan would not let it go.

Brother Li, think about the previous question now, you and our Wumeng are still friends, otherwise don't blame me for being ruthless.

Li Pingfan sneered, and hooked his fingers again.

Feng Zhenghao shot with all his strength, and he punched Li Pingfan directly.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to be careless, and directly used the magic formula, mobilized the aura of heaven and earth to protect himself, and then threw out a punch. The two fists did not collide, but each punched each other's chest.

Boom, the two retreated at the same time, but this time Li Pingfan stepped back two meters in a row.

You are qualified to challenge me, Feng Zhenghao said.

Li Pingfan never expected that there would be such a master in this star field. Sure enough, there are people outside the world, and there is a sky outside the sky. He still has to hurry up to improve his strength. Influence himself to keep Lu Feng, but from now on, it is a bit difficult to keep Lu Feng's designation today.

Continue, Li Pingfan didn't talk nonsense, and punched down again...

Feng Zhenghao also fought back, and the two of them had corrected dozens of moves within tens of minutes.

Brother Li, I think none of us can do anything to anyone today, why don't we stop here, and I will come to the door to learn in the future.

In fact, Li Pingfan could also keep Feng Zhenghao, but in that case, the price he paid would be too high, so Li Pingfan didn't attack rashly, but just saw the trick.

Li Pingfan looked at Wu Yanxia, ​​Li Mo and the others, and sighed softly, forget it this time, but if you dare to call Miss Li Mo's attention next time, then you have to be careful. People left the Phoenix Bar.

Deacon Feng, save me quickly, Wang Ming immediately begged Feng Zhenghao after seeing Li Pingfan and the others leave.

Feng Zhenghao also sent Wang Ming to Lu's house as quickly as possible. It seems that his problem can only be treated by asking Mr. Lu to help him.

Tonight was truly an unforgettable night for Lu Feng. A few years later, when Lu Feng thought of what happened tonight, he was in a cold sweat.

On the other hand, on Li Pingfan's side, several people have arrived at a villa, which is also Li Mo's home.

Back home, Wu Yanxia asked Yan Lu to rest with Li Mo.

After all, too many things happened tonight, Li Mo must not be able to accept it for a while, and may even leave a shadow in his heart in the future.

At this time, Li Pingfan also somewhat understood what Li Mo's father had done.

Are you really the one to receive the assignment? Wu Yanxia asked cautiously.


		