

Chapter 139

melee

Yu Xiaorou, if we go to war, won't you be afraid of the mantis catching the cicada and the oriole in the rear?" Wang Bolin said with a glance at the people around him.

Yu Xiaorou smiled contemptuously, they, hmph, are not qualified enough.

Is that right, as far as the person you rescued before, even I couldn't take it down easily, Wang Bolin said.

Wang Bolin, you can't do it, it can only prove your incompetence.

Yeah? Then please invite Yu Xiaomei to show her skills, so we can watch and emulate.

Haha, it’s fine to observe, then you can keep your eyes open, Yu Xiaorou said.

Immediately afterwards, Yu Xiaorou said to the surrounding people, I Wuxin Pavilion has taken a fancy to these two white crystal tigers, is there anyone who is not convinced?

Everyone around was speechless for a while, and no one stepped forward to confront him.

Although they didn't know where the Wuxin Pavilion was, they could tell that the strength of a person who dared to openly confront someone from a semi-hidden family must not be underestimated, at least he should be at the level of a semi-hidden sect.

Afterwards, Yu Xiaorou took a look at the deputy palace master who had been rescued by her before.

The deputy hall master seemed to understand something, and quickly said, thank you for saving my life earlier, I, Shura Palace, will never fight with senior for the white crystal tiger, if someone wants to fight with senior, I, Shura Palace, will definitely wish senior a helping hand.

After hearing this, Yu Xiaorou nodded in satisfaction.

But Wang Bolin and Liu Ran's expressions darkened instantly.

Since there is no one, you go down the mountain, you stay, Yu Xiaorou pointed to the people in Shura Hall.

The surroundings are boiling again.

No one wants to go down the mountain, they would rather stay on the mountain to play, even if the white crystal tiger is not their own in the end, that's fine, but as long as they stay here, they will have a chance.

But when they heard that they were being driven down the mountain again, everyone couldn't bear it anymore.

At this moment, Li Pingfan knew that the time had come, so he turned around and said a few words to Luo Geng, and then observed everyone's movements again.

And Luo Geng left the place and rushed to the direction of Rakshamen.

At this moment, everyone around saw someone coming here again.

Isn't this Luo Geng? Why is he here now?

Hey, it looks like he's going to make a trip for nothing, and he's going to be driven away, so there's a fart for him now.

The people around were discussing one after another.

Deputy Hall Master Zhao, Luo Geng bowed his hands to the Deputy Hall Master.

Deputy Palace Master Zhao didn't say anything.

Because Luo Geng didn't understand the situation when he first came, and after asking around, he probably understood the current situation, but he didn't expect that he would be driven away when he first arrived.

But Luo Geng knew what his purpose was, so he glanced at the white crystal tiger in the distance.

The two white crystal tigers knew that when Li Pingfan came, he must have come to save him, because this person had left with him at that time, and now Li Pingfan must be nearby.

And they also seem to sense the scent of their own children.

They couldn't be sure before, but now they can be sure that Li Pingfan is nearby.

Luo Geng winked at the two white crystal tigers, and the two white crystal tigers gave Luo Geng a half-understanding look.

Luo Geng stepped forward and said, cupping his hands to the three seniors.

Three seniors, I didn't know your rules when I first came here, but I think that in no man's land, everyone should have a share of all the items, but they can't take it all alone.

Hahaha, everyone has a share, miss you just came, I don't care about you, quickly back down, otherwise don't blame me for being rude to you.

You're welcome, I want to see how you are rude to me, Luo Geng said.

Boom, Yu Xiaorou pointed out that Luo Geng dodged quickly. Although he escaped the blow, the big tree behind Luo Geng was pierced through. After a few seconds, the big tree split into pieces and burst open instantly.

At this moment Luo Geng winked at the two white crystal tigers, and then shouted loudly.

Brothers and sisters of the family forces, let's go together, they must not be our opponents.

Hearing Luo Geng's yell, everyone finally realized, yes, they were wrong in the first place, there were hundreds of people on their side, but they only had less than twenty people.

And the aristocratic family or sect that had been killed before heard Luo Geng's words, and couldn't bear the anger in their hearts anymore, and led everyone to rush towards Wang Bolin and Liu Ran.

Seeing this, the surroundings also rushed towards the several semi-hidden families or sects in front of them.

The white crystal tiger in the distance also swooped in front of a descendant of the Wang family, and started beating each other.

The corner of Luo Geng's mouth rose slightly, and then he punched a disciple of Wuxin Pavilion.

At this time, everyone present was caught in a melee.

Even Shura Hall couldn't help but joined the battle, and the Deputy Hall Master even punched Wang Bolin.

Yu Xiaorou, this is the person you saved before, but now he is going to be our enemy.

Yu Xiaorou fought dozens of people in a row and couldn't be distracted and looked away.

Seeing that the situation was not right, Liu Ran pointed to the sky, and a signal was sent out.

In a short time, dozens of people came from afar.

After these dozens of people came here, they were stunned for a moment when they saw the scene in front of them. They didn't know what happened. They came to Liu Ran's side and resisted the attacking crowd.

Liu Ran, what's going on?

Don't talk about Fifth Brother, let's deal with the group of people in front of us first.

For a while, the flying rocks shattered, and there were constant booming and cracking sounds around.

After Luo Geng ran to Wu Zhiguo's side and said a few words to Wu Zhiguo, he went into battle again.

Because this time Wu Zhiguo wanted to let Wu Yanxia see more warriors and give her the motivation to move forward, so he brought her here to observe. This time Wu Zhiguo didn't expect to get any benefits.

After a while, Wu Zhiguo brought Wu Yanxia to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan, I didn't expect you to come too, Wu Yanxia said.

After that, Wu Yanxia saw that there were two white crystal tigers beside Li Pingfan.

Are they white crystal tigers too? Wu Yanxia pointed to Bai Jinghu beside Li Pingfan and said.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Wu Zhiguo didn't understand why Li Pingfan came here before, but when he saw Bai Jinghu in front of him, he instantly understood that Pingfan didn't expect you to come too, and he thought you came this time for them.

Li Pingfan did not deny it.

Grandpa Wu, I want to ask Wu Yanxia for help.

But it's okay to say.

Li Pingfan handed the two white crystal tigers beside him to Wu Yanxia and said, please help me take them out of this place, remember not to let anyone find you, you also saw today's scene, Li Pingfan looked at Wu Yanxia and said.

Wu Yanxia knew the seriousness of the matter and looked at her grandfather.

Wu Zhiguo nodded to Wu Yanxia.

Okay, I promise you, Wu Yanxia looked at Li Pingfan and said.

Li Pingfan felt relieved, the thing he was most worried about had been resolved. As for the future, Li Pingfan couldn't think so far.

Wu Yanxia picked up the two white crystal tigers and left the place. Before leaving, Li Pingfan said another word.

Remember not to let anyone find you, these words are still lingering in Wu Yanxia's ears.


		