

Didi

Hello and welcome to Phoenix Bar.

Li Pingfan and the two came to the front of the Phoenix Bar and watched all kinds of people walking inside.

Li Pingfan was not in a hurry to go in, and first stood outside the door and took a lot of time.

I saw that this building has six floors in total, and there are four particularly large four characters on the top floor, which are the name of the bar.

It can be seen that the owner of this bar must also be someone.

Brother Fan's time is almost up, let's go in, Su Haokai reminded.

Only then did Li Pingfan come out of his thoughts.

let's go in.

Boom, boom, boom, boom...

As soon as the two walked in, they heard a burst of loud music.

Looking in the direction of the music, there is a very large dance floor, where many people are shaking their heads.

There are many wine tables around, sitting with all kinds of people talking, laughing and drinking.

This also reminded Li Pingfan of the past.

Brother Fan, look ahead.

As soon as Li Pingfan fell silent in his memories, he was interrupted by Su Haokai. He was so angry that he stretched out his hand and slapped Su Haokai's head.

Snapped.

Brother Fan, why did you hit me again?

Oh, it's a fat man, I'm sorry, I saw the wrong person, Li Pingfan explained embarrassingly.

What do you want me to watch, Li Pingfan quickly changed the subject.

Do you see that woman in front looks familiar?

Li Fanfan looked in the direction Su Haokai pointed, and Li Fanfan was stunned.

Li Mo, the two said it in unison.

How could she be here? Li Pingfan is also very puzzled. After all, his task is to protect her secretly, so Li Pingfan will follow her from time to time to ensure her safety. According to Li Pingfan's observations in the past few days, Li Pingfan rarely Come back to this kind of place.

You two are here.

At this time, Yan Lu's voice reached the ears of the two.

The two also recovered from Li Mo's thoughts.

Let's go, sister Xia has been waiting for a long time.

In this way, Li Pingfan followed Yan Lu.

Yan Lu brought the two of them to the door of a room.

go in.

The two walked into the room.

Yan Lu stopped Su Haokai, you are not allowed to go in, Sister Xia wants to see him.

Su Haokai is a little angry, I don't believe it, I insist on going in today, do you think this is your home, if you don't let me in, I won't go in?

Yan Lu smiled lightly, sorry, this is my house, if I say I won't let you in, you won't be allowed in.

Li Pingfan quickly patted Su Haokai's shoulder, and walked in by himself.

When Li Pingfan just walked into the house, there was a faint fragrance wafting in. The surrounding decoration was completely incompatible with this bar. Li Pingfan never thought that the fifth floor of a bar would look like this, it was more like a place to live .

Boom, boom, boom.

Boom, boom, boom.

Li Pingfan turned around and left.

Are you in such a hurry?

Li Pingfan turned around and looked up and down at the woman in front of him.

The woman in front of her has a graceful body, her skin is like suet jade, especially her straight legs. The graceful bridge of the nose seemed to be on top of her face, and the fiery lips made people want to kiss her directly.

You must be Wu Yanxia.

Li Pingfan, who has been famous for a long time, Wu Yanxia said softly.

This way please, Mr. Li.

please sit down.

Su Haokai, you can go out, but I advise you not to run around, otherwise, I don't think anyone can save you, Yan Lu said coldly.

Tch, who are you scaring? Brother Kai, I didn’t scare you too much. You’d better release my brother Fan now, otherwise, I’ll fight you all.

You fat man, dare to threaten me, I think you are really looking for death, Yan Lu's tone is getting colder and colder.

Su Haokai didn't dare to continue talking, for fear that Yan Lu would beat him up. Although his physique had inexplicably improved after being slapped by Li Fanfan, he was still not good enough in front of Yan Lu.

I, I, I didn't threaten you, didn't I discuss this with you? Su Haokai immediately changed his face, and the people around him were also stunned, thinking, this is a dog's face, it can change as soon as it is said, one second it was so strong, the next it directly turned into a pug.

The people around didn't dare to laugh out loud, they just murmured softly.

Boom, boom, boom.

Come in, Yan Lu said.

A waiter walked up to Yan Lu's side and whispered something in her ear.

After listening to this, Yan Lu's expression brightened instantly.

You'd better stay here and don't go there.

Su Haokai nodded quickly, don't worry, sister Lu, I won't go there, don't you believe me?

At this moment, Su Haokai was muttering in his heart, where I like to go, do you care?

You are in a very difficult situation now, I hope you will think it over carefully and don't answer me in such a hurry, I will give you time to think about it, during this period, you can rest assured that the two forces will not cause you any trouble.

Thank you for your kindness, but I'm a bit loose and don't like constraints, so I won't go to your Lanyu League, is there anything else? If there is nothing else, then I will go first.

I'll call Yan Lu to see you off later.

No need.

Li Pingfan was about to get up when Yan Lu walked in, whispering in Wu Yanxia's ear.

But with Li Pingfan's current strength, his hearing is absolutely incomparable.

The conversation between the two was completely heard by Li Pingfan.

After listening to it, Li Pingfan suddenly felt that something was wrong.

Because Li Mo disappeared.

Li Pingfan saw her in this bar just half an hour ago, and she disappeared in a short while, which is really unreasonable.

Mr. Li, I have a piece of news that I want to share with you. At this moment, Wu Yanxia called out to stop Li Pingfan.

Oh? what news?

The goddess of all people in our school has disappeared.

Goddess of the whole people, who is it? Li Pingfan showed a puzzled expression.

Li Mo.

Sure enough, I guessed right, this woman is not simple, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Oh, what does her disappearance have to do with me. I am not familiar with her.

Well then, I thought that if you rescued her, the Li family would definitely become your love, and by then, you can say that you will have a good harvest of both people and money.

Oh? That's pretty cool, do you have any clues? Share it, I will save her when the time comes, and I will keep her as a person, and I will share half of it with you.

All right, then we've settled for that.

Li Pingfan always felt that he had been tricked by this woman, but in order to save Li Mo, he could only cooperate first.

Then you can say you got the clue, I'm all ears.


		