

Chapter 58

You are Zhang Shaohuang

Zhao Ming obviously felt the killing intent from Li Pingfan's words.

On the contrary, Zhao Kuo did not feel Li Fanfan's killing intent at all, and continued, "Brother, I really don't know where Hu Yinger is?"

Li Pingfan smiled contemptuously. I heard your previous conversation clearly, so I still think it's better for you to tell the truth.

Hmph, even if you know, I won't say, I will die if I offend you today, and I will die if I offend Young Master Zhang, why should I.

Li Pingfan shook his head, you don't have to die, as long as you tell them where they are, or I ask you another way.

What question? Zhao Kuo said.

Are they in room 0088.

Mentioning Room 0088, Zhao Ming seemed to have thought of something.

On the other hand, Zhao Kuo's eyes were a little erratic, as if he was hiding something, but Li Pingfan observed all the subtle movements of these two people.

Li Pingfan already had the answer he wanted in his heart.

I'm asking you one last time, it doesn't matter if you don't want to say, where are the four of them.

This time Li Pingfan's words became very soft, but Zhao Mingming didn't feel that way, because he knew what kind of monster this person in front of him was, and he could come to him from a distance of nearly 100 meters in less than three seconds, dare you say Is this person such a talkative person, so Zhao Ming has been urging Zhao Kuo to tell the truth in a low voice.

It's just that Zhao Kuo seemed to be deceived by lard, so he just didn't say anything, so Li Pingfan couldn't say anything, so he had to drag Zhao Kuo to room 0088. Zhao Kuo seemed to be going in the direction of room 0088, and his legs were a little bit trembling.

Da da da.

Li Pingfan led Zhao Kuo to room 0088 step by step. Along the way, Zhao Kuo's heart was extremely turbulent. While he was afraid of Zhang Shao's power, he was also afraid that the person in front of him would make him lose his ability to act.

Seeing that Li Pingfan came to the door of room 0088 step by step, Zhao Kuo felt even more frightened.

If you don't want to die so early, I still hope you can help me, Li Pingfan said to Zhao Kuo.

How, how to help you, Zhao Kuo stuttered, but finally said it out.

Knock on the door and say, you have good news to report to Shao Zhang.

A simple sentence made Zhao Kuo want to find a crack in the ground to get in. If he really brought Li Pingfan in, then Young Master Zhang would definitely not let him go. Zhao Kuo really regretted why he stopped him. A thankless task, but he no longer has the right to regret it.

Li Pingfan twisted Zhao Kuo's arm forcefully, and Zhao Kuo's arm dislocated in an instant, and then Li Pingfan instantly sealed Zhao Kuo's dumb point with a silver needle.

Zhao Kuo just wanted to yell loudly to realize that he couldn't make a sound, so he looked at Li Pingfan with even more fear, and now he regretted it very much. If God gave him another chance, he would never want to mess with the person in front of him. people.

In this scene, not only Zhao Kuo, but also Zhao Ming and Yan Lu who were following behind Li Pingfan dropped their jaws in shock.

Compared with Zhao Ming, Yan Lu was even more inconceivable. She never expected that Li Pingfan had such medical skills. As far as he knew, Li Pingfan was only very powerful, and even Sister Xia might not be him. His opponent, but what she never expected was that his medical skills were so astonishing. As for the scene just now, I dare not say anything else, even the famous doctors now may not know it.

Thinking of this, Yan Lu quickly reported to Wu Yanxia what he saw today.

At this time, Li Pingfan pulled out the silver needle on Zhao Kuo's body and connected Zhao Kuo's dislocated arm.

Have you considered? Li Pingfan still said in an extremely flat tone.

Zhao Kuo didn't even think about it this time, and nodded quickly.

Seeing that his goal had been achieved, Li Pingfan did not continue to embarrass Zhao Kuo.

Clang, clang, clang, Zhao Kuo knocked on 0088's room.

who?

Brother Hei, it's me, Zhao Kuo.

What are you doing here? Don't you know that Young Master Zhang is busy now?

Hearing this, Li Pingfan clenched his fists.

I know Brother Hei, isn't there an important matter to report to Young Master Zhang?

Is there something important that can't be said tomorrow?

Brother Hei, it's about Li Pingfan.

After hearing Li Pingfan's three words, a sentence came from the back room to let him in.

After a while, the door of 0088's room opened, but what the people in the room didn't expect was that there were so many people behind Zhao Kuo, and they all knew each other except one.

Who is he? At this time, Brother Hei was the first to ask.

Li Pingfan

Before Zhao Kuo could introduce, Li Pingfan also spoke first.

It's just that these three short words surprised everyone in the room, even Young Master Zhang was a little surprised, but he quickly recovered.

While everyone in the room was surprised, there were four people who were extremely excited. These four people were Hu Yinger and Su Haokai.

Haha, I just said that my brother Fan will come to rescue us, you people are waiting for bad luck, Su Haokai said.

Do you trust him that much? Brother Hei said.

In fact, Su Haokai doesn't know when he began to trust Li Pingfan so much, but as long as Li Pingfan is there, they have never suffered a little loss, and not only Su Haokai, but also Huangmao and Siyan, they also trust Li Pingfan very much. ordinary.

Su Haokai, do you think I dare not touch you? Don't think that because your surname is Su, I dare not touch you? You are just an abandoned child, if I touch you, there will be no trouble, but it will take some trouble, at this time the man sitting beside Hu Yinger spoke.

Oh, really? Then let me take a look at you, Li Pingfan said.

Are you Li Pingfan?

Are you Zhang Shaohuang?


		