

Chapter 66

Bushikuni

Soon the three had found Wu Zhiguo.

Grandpa, Wu Yanxia shouted.

Wu Zhiguo looked in the direction where the voice came from.

It turned out to be Xiaoxia, why are you here today, shouldn't you be at school at this time?

Grandpa, I miss you, come back and see if you can't do it.

Li Pingfan was also stunned watching this scene. Li Pingfan had never seen such a womanly side of Wu Yanxia. She was usually very serious and serious. Now Li Pingfan really opened his eyes.

All right, of course all right, grandpa will be happy when you come back to see grandpa.

Come, let grandpa see how well you are doing with our Wu family's kung fu.

Alright, Wu Yanxia will practice without any nonsense.

Li Pingfan was also sighing as he watched from the sidelines. Sure enough, this martial arts family did have cultivation techniques, and they could absorb the aura of heaven and earth, but their absorption method was different. The aura they absorbed was mixed with many impurities, that is, the aura was not pure. Although they are much stronger than ordinary warriors, if they meet a cultivator like Li Pingfan, then they are no match at all.

After Wu Yanxia finished her rehearsal, Wu Zhiguo gave her some pointers.

Grandpa, came a mixed and forceful voice.

At this time, another person came from outside the door. This person was 1.8 meters tall, looked a little thin, his skin was not very fair, and he was wearing a famous brand.

Yo, what day is it today? Even Bozhong is here.

Grandpa, not only I am here, but my parents are also here. They are behind and will be here in a while.

Wu Zhiguo nodded in satisfaction and said, good.

big sister.

Bo Zhong.

The two siblings exchanged greetings together.

Dad, brother.

The second child is here.

Wu Zhiguo nodded in response.

After a while, a woman and a man came over hand in hand.

Dad, eldest brother, second brother.

Third sister, you are here too.

What's the situation? Why are all the people who have a rare gathering in our Wu family today in a century, all of them are here, Wu Zhiguo said.

It was Xiaoxia who called us here, saying that she had found a miraculous doctor who could cure the root cause of the disease that had tortured you for ten years, Dad.

Everyone looked at Wu Yanxia.

Xiaoxia, what's going on, Wu Zhiguo asked.

Grandpa, I did find a famous doctor, he will surely heal your body.

Hey, Grandpa, thank you for your filial piety, you are more filial than my two sons, Wu Zhiguo said angrily, and then looked at the three brothers and sisters.

The three brothers and sisters also bowed their heads in shame, not daring to say anything more.

How can there be? Grandpa, second uncle and aunt are very filial, and they are constantly looking for famous doctors.

Silly granddaughter, grandpa knows it all, tell me, where is that famous doctor, take me to meet him.

Where is it, Wu Yanxia pointed to the direction where Li Pingfan was standing.

Everyone also looked over at the same time.

At this time, Wu Zhiguo couldn't believe it. He actually knew Li Pingfan when Wu Yanxia and the others came, but he thought that this young man was Wu Yanxia's friend and came to Wu's house as a guest. He never thought of it. The young man in front of her was the miraculous doctor Wu Yanxia was talking about.

Xiaoxia, you say he is a miracle doctor? Wu Yanxia's second uncle said.

Yes, Second Uncle, he is the miraculous doctor I brought.

Xiaoxia, are you kidding me? He is also the same age as you, how could he be a miracle doctor, Wu Yanxia's aunt said.

Auntie, he is really a genius doctor. You must all know who cured the old man of the Li family.

We know this, it is a mysterious doctor, it is said that he also used thirty-six yin and yang acupuncture to cure the old man of the Li family. Wu Yanxia's father said.

Everyone in the Wu family nodded at the same time and said, We have been looking for that mysterious doctor. Your father and I even went to the Li family to ask about the doctor's whereabouts, but no one in the Li family answered.

In fact, if it wasn't for Li Mo, even Wu Yanxia wouldn't believe that it was Li Pingfan who cured the old man of the Li family, because it's too late to talk about it. I can't believe it, how old is he, even some old people who are over 60 years old are hopeless for Lee Kuan Yew's illness, let alone a boy of eighteen or nineteen years old.

The genius doctor you are talking about is him, Wu Yanxia pointed at Li Pingfan again.

He is the genius doctor who cured the old man of the Li family, and I still heard Li Mo tell me personally.

Everyone in the Wu family thought about it, and Wu Zhiguo said, Xiaoxia will never do anything that is not sure. Grandpa Xiaoxia believes in you, so please ask this genius doctor to help me find out. embarrass him.

After speaking, Wu Zhiguo walked to Li Pingfan's side.

What's your name, little friend.

Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan, a good name, born extraordinary, only seeking ordinary.

Pingfan is the name Li Pingfan gave himself. Because of his own experience, he only wants to live an ordinary life, so he is called Li Pingfan.

That ordinary little friend, this way please.

Li Pingfan followed Wu Zhiguo.

After a while, everyone came to a room with complete medical equipment.

Li Pingfan was shocked when he saw such a house, even the Li family didn't have this, and the Li family was also a family of medicine.

Pingfan, please, Wu Zhiguo very politely asked Li Pingfan to sit down.

After that, Li Pingfan took Wu Zhiguo's pulse and checked it.

After a few minutes, Li Pingfan already knew what happened to Wu Zhiguo's body.

It must be the sequelae caused by Wu Zhiguo's martial arts practice a few years ago, and it is also related to the exercises he learned. Because the aura of heaven and earth is not pure, there will always be a trace of evil energy in his body, which will cause his body to be weak for a long time. When he gets sick, he will feel dizzy , dizzy, and weak, Li Pingfan explained to everyone in the Wu family.

At this time, Wu Zhiguo felt that the young man in front of him really had two different skills, for no other reason, as far as the symptoms he said were all consistent with him, there was no mistake.

Then is there any way to heal it, Wu Yanxia's second uncle said, this is also a question that everyone in the Wu family wants to know.

There are two ways to completely cure this disease, but I am afraid that Mr. Wu will not agree.


		