

Li Pingfan walked down the mountain with slow steps, taking a deep breath of the mountain air from time to time.

Li Pingfan thought to himself, if he lived such a slow life all the time, it would actually be pretty good after thinking about it.

In previous lives, Li Pingfan practiced every day and experienced life and death every day. Finally, there was such a place where he could enjoy a slow life. Li Pingfan still didn’t want to go down the mountain. Go down the hill.

Suddenly Li Pingfan heard a sound, which seemed to be singing.

No, no, this is not singing, it seems to be saying some words, Li Pingfan just kept listening to it, and it was very pleasant and enjoyable. The sound seemed to be getting closer, and Li Pingfan finally heard whether it was singing or speaking. of.

The mountains here,

I'm going up the mountain

The water is flowing gently,

Li Pingfan suddenly opened his eyes, he is an old man.

Hello, fellow Taoist, please stop.

Um? are you calling me

Yes, fellow daoist, can you tell me what kind of singing is so beautiful.

Young man, this is not some singing, this is us, people who go up the mountain to collect herbs, walking on the mountain road every day, singing to pass the time, the old man replied.

Also, young man, I am not a fellow Taoist, my surname is Hu, you can call me Hu Bo.

Alright Huber, do you know where this is?

Um? How did you get here, lad.

Oh my, I've been here since I woke up, and I don't know where it is.

Oh, this is Jufeng Mountain, boy, are you going down the mountain?

Yes, Huber, but I don't know the way, can you show me the way?

Well, that's okay, I just want to go down the mountain, and I didn't pick any good medicinal materials today. Alas... Huber sighed.

Well, let's go, Huber. Li Pingfan was about to step down the mountain.

Wait, boy, don't move yet. Li Pingfan stopped in his tracks.

At this time, Huber stared fiercely at Li Pingfan's feet. At this time, Li Pingfan also felt that there was movement behind him, but Li Pingfan didn't dare to move. It is so small that it dare not make the slightest sound, as if it is about to do something sneaky.

'Shua' Huber slammed down the bed.

Haha I caught it, but I caught it, thank you boy, I have been catching this for half a year, I thought I had no chance, but I caught it this time, Huber picked up this thing and went to Li Pingfan panicked.

Li Pingfan was surprised and said that this is a three-color green snake with three ominous colors on its body. When these three colors are connected together, it looks like a flower, so it is called a three-color green snake.

Li Pingfan was also taken aback. He didn't expect there to be such a low-level monster here. He thought that Li Pingfan saved many people with the three-color green snake. It treats many diseases, but I didn't expect it to be available here. Li Pingfan felt very kind when he saw the three-color green snake again.

Li Pingfan thought about it again, no, under normal circumstances the three-color green snake never takes the initiative to attack, unless there is something that can attract him, he will attack. Why is it behind me this time? Could it be that there is something wrong with me? What does he need? Li Pingfan touched his clothes, but nothing happened. Forget it, don't want to.

Huber, if you catch this snake, someone in the family is sick.

Huber stared at Li Pingfan with wide-eyed eyes. Boy, how do you know? Are you a doctor?

doctor? What is a doctor. Li Pingfan asked puzzledly.

‘Haha’, doctor, a doctor treats diseases.

Oh, then I'm not a doctor, but I know a little bit about it.

What Li Pingfan said is true. He is indeed not a doctor, but his medical skills are absolutely unprecedented. Before the medicine star, he was called a medical fairy. At that time, it was up to him to seek medical treatment from him. When he is in a bad mood, even if Tianzun comes, he will not even look at him. If he is in a good mood, he will rejuvenate even if he is a beggar.

Understand a little? If you know this green snake with three-color flowers, then your medical skills will definitely not be bad. I am afraid that there are not many people in this world who know this green snake with three-color flowers, and you are still so young to know these three-color flowers. Green Snake, the future is limitless.

That little friend, I don't know if you are free, you can go to my house and help me see my poor granddaughter's disease.

Little friend, I didn't expect that the old man would change his name so quickly, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

That Huber, let's go.

Walking, this way please, little friend. The two of them continued to walk down the mountain.

Along the way, Huber had a smile on his face, as if he wanted to take pictures of others who didn't know what he got.

On the way, Huber narrated the experience of this mountain, and he also told how many springs and autumns he had lived on this mountain, and he had a little affection for every plant and tree here. His condition worsened, and he would not come to this mountain to catch the three-color green snake.

Along the way, Huber had a smile on his face, as if he wanted to take pictures of others who didn't know what he got.

Li Pingfan also inquired about the world more or less from the side, but Huber rarely came out of this mountain and didn't know much about the outside world.

Therefore, Li Pingfan didn't know much about it.


		