

Chapter 120

New Roommate Lin Jiaqi

After Li Pingfan confirmed his destination, he thought about leaving overnight, because it is easy to move at night and it is not easy to be found.

Li Pingfan simply tidied up and left the place quietly.

As it was getting late, Li Pingfan's actions were extremely smooth, and he didn't meet a single person from Wang Yao along the way.

It only took Li Pingfan a few hours to reach the foot of Qixia Mountain.

When we arrived at Qixia Mountain, the sky gradually brightened.

Because Li Pingfan hasn't eaten any food for several days, his stomach is growling non-stop now, so Li Pingfan wanted to find a place to eat, but there are few food sellers around Qixia Mountain. Coupled with the fact that the sky is just getting brighter now, it is really not easy to find a place to eat.

As Li Pingfan thought about it, an old lady and an old man on the other side were slowly walking towards this side pushing a pancake cart.

Li Pingfan ran towards the two of them without even thinking about it.

Ma'am, sir, I want ten pancakes.

The two looked at each other and stopped to spread pancakes for Li Pingfan.

After Li Pingfan ate and drank enough, the sky had brightened. Li Pingfan randomly found a way up the mountain and looked at the surrounding scenery while walking.

At the same time, Binhai Medical University transferred a new classmate today, and this person is Lin Jiaqi.

The reason why Lin Jiaqi was able to enroll so quickly was thanks to Feng Zhenghao's help.

After Lin Jiaqi and Lin Bo arrived in Binhai, Lin Bo called and conveyed the letter from Li Pingfan to Feng Zhenghao. After reading the letter, Feng Zhenghao didn't have any nonsense, so he immediately helped Lin Jiaqi arrange In school, in order to better protect her, Feng Zhenghao arranged Lin Jiaqi to the medical university, because there are Wu Yanxia, ​​Li Mo, and Li Pingfan's three brothers in this place, so Feng Zhenghao doesn't have to worry about what will happen to Lin Jiaqi at all.

In order to better complete what Li Pingfan told him, Feng Zhenghao also specially invited Li Mo here, just to let Lin Jiaqi live in Li Mo's villa, and then let Li Mo read the letter Li Pingfan wrote to him After reading the letter, Li Mo agreed without even thinking about it.

Afterwards, on the night of the first day, Li Mo invited Wu Yanxia and Su Haokai to his villa on purpose.

After Feng Zhenghao sent Lin Jiaqi to Li Mo's residence, Li Mo and Wu Yanxia cooked a sumptuous dinner for Lin Jiaqi.

After everyone finished eating, Li Mo spoke first.

Do you know Li Pingfan?

Lin Jiaqi became stiff when she heard Li Pingfan's name.

Seeing Lin Jiaqi's expression, Wu Yanxia hurriedly said.

Jiaqi, you don't have to be afraid, we are all Li Pingfan's friends, we all know his current situation, so you can rest assured that we will never disclose any information, Wu Yanxia gestured to Su Haokai with her eyes.

Su Haokai instantly understood what Wu Yanxia meant, so Su Haokai got up and hit her casually a few times, and said, Brother Fan taught me these things, so you don't have to worry about us being bad people.

Huangmao and Four Eyes followed suit.

Seeing how sincere everyone was, Lin Jiaqi must have trusted Feng Zhenghao to send her to live here.

I know Li Pingfan, Lin Jiaqi said.

Jiaqi, where is he now, is he okay? Hu Yinger was the first to speak at this time.

It was he who sent my grandfather and me out of Liangzhou, and then Lin Jiaqi told everyone about everything about her and Li Pingfan in Liangzhou.

Why was Brother Fan found by the people from Shura Palace? Hearing that Li Pingfan was found by people from Shura Hall, Su Haokai jumped up first and said.

Li Mo and Wu Yanxia looked at each other and silently lowered their heads.

In the other corner, Hu Yinger's tears kept falling down.

Jiaqi, can you tell me Li Pingfan's current address, Hu Yinger asked.

Are you going to find him?

Well, Hu Yinger nodded vigorously.

I'll go as well.

I'll go too, Su Haokai said.

Let's all go, Huangmao and Siyan said at the same time.

There was a snap.

Wu Yanxia patted the table hard and said.

Su Haokai, what are you going to do? Don't you think it's messy enough? sit down for me.

Su Haokai was so frightened that he could only sit down obediently.

Ying Er, I know you are worried about him, and we are also worried about him, but now we are the safest only in Binhai. If you go out of Binhai, if you have some problems, do you think Li Pingfan will feel at ease?

Jiaqi, do you think so?

After Lin Jiaqi and Hu Yinger heard Wu Yanxia's persuasion, they also sat down silently.

After that, everyone fell into silence.

After a while, Wu Yanxia asked Su Haokai and the others to leave first, and then everyone began to rest.

The next day Lin Jiaqi and Hu Yinger went to school together.

At this moment, Li Pingfan had already gone up the mountain, but stopped at a fork in the road.

Li Pingfan walked up to a sign that said: Danger ahead, no entry.

Li Pingfan felt that the aura of heaven and earth in front of him was much stronger than that of the outside world.

Li Pingfan walked forward without thinking.

Sure enough, the aura of heaven and earth inside is stronger than that of the outside world, and herbs with a little aura can be seen from time to time.

Li Pingfan continued to walk deeper.

Not long after walking, there was the sound of fighting in front.

Li Pingfan walked over quietly and hid in the dark.

When Li Pingfan saw the fighting scene, he was also very surprised.

Because what is in front of you is not two people fighting, but one person and one beast.

Li Pingfan recognized the beast in front of him at a glance. It is the white crystal tiger. This kind of tiger is not a fierce beast, but its strength is several times stronger than ordinary tigers, and this kind of white crystal tiger has a chance Mutated ones, generally after mutating, tiger wings will be born, and then they can soar into the sky.

Li Pingfan glanced at the white crystal tiger again, and was instantly overjoyed, because this white crystal tiger had gradually grown its wings.

Li Pingfan was overjoyed, and he had already started to fantasize about sitting on the back of this white crystal tiger and soaring into the sky.

Li Pingfan was looking at the person on the other side, his complexion was slightly dark, he was not very tall, he looked a little fat, and Li Pingfan knew this person unexpectedly, this person was from Shura Temple.

A smug smile appeared on the corner of Li Pingfan's mouth.


		