

They drank until dark, and Huber had gone to bed.

Li Pingfan looked out the window and said to himself that it was time to leave.

Li Pingfan walked out the door, when he heard a click from inside the room, the bedroom door opened, and Hu Yinger came out from it.

are you leaving

Well, Miss Yinger, I should go too, and you should take care too.

Doctor Li, just call me Yinger, can I see you again?

Li Pingfan nodded and said, Yinger, don't call me Miracle Doctor Li, if you don't mind calling me Brother Pingfan.

Goodbye.

Li Pingfan hesitated for a while before saying maybe we will see each other again, maybe not.

Because Li Pingfan doesn't know where he's going next, he doesn't know anything about this world now, he doesn't even know where he's going next, maybe he didn't get along well outside, and he will come back to this place again Not sure, everything depends on fate, Li Pingfan said secretly.

At this time, tears welled up in the corners of Hu Yinger's eyes. Under the light, she looked extraordinarily charming, and one couldn't help but want to hug her and give her the greatest comfort.

Li Pingfan really couldn't bear to see her like this, so he was about to go out the door again.

Wait a minute, a very soft voice came to Li Pingfan's ears, can you give me a hug before you leave? Hu Yinger said.

Li Pingfan thought to himself, what the hell is this free offer? It's not for nothing. Thinking that his feet seemed uncontrollable, he walked towards Hu Yinger, and then hugged Hu Yinger deeply.

Ying Er, take care, goodbye.

He walked out the door without looking back.

Because Li Pingfan asked Huber about the way down the mountain when he was eating in the afternoon, so he walked much faster.

At this time in Huber's house, Hu Yinger sat on the ground in a daze, one minute, five minutes, ten minutes, and soon an hour passed.

Come on, ordinary friends continue to drink.

An untimely voice interrupted Hu Yinger's daze.

Grandpa, how much did you drink today? You have slept for a long time.

Haha, grandpa is really happy today. It is the first time in his life that he drank so happily, and your illness is cured. Grandpa can't be happy.

By the way, what about ordinary friends? Are you asleep?

No, he just went down the mountain.

Because Hu Yinger was so intoxicated in that hug just now that she didn't notice the time at all.

After going down the mountain, Huber looked at the time and patted his forehead, oh, why didn't you wake me up, we are going to give it to someone else.

Hu Yinger smiled and said to Huber, no need, he said, we will meet again.

When Huber saw his granddaughter so happy, he also smiled happily.

By the way, Ying Er, you didn't even report on the admission to Binhai Medical University because of the serious illness half a year ago, and you were still the first in the results. If it wasn't for the illness, you should be studying hard in school now, talking about Huber I blamed myself again.

Grandpa, I don't blame you. Grandpa, I'm fine now. I'll take the exam again. Don't worry about my strength.

Huber stopped abruptly and stopped crying, as if remembering something very important.

Huber ran to his bedroom, rummaged around, and finally let him find a small note, still muttering in his mouth, luckily he didn't lose it, luckily he didn't lose it.

There is a phone number on it, 159********, and Huber immediately broadcast it. I am sorry that the number you dialed cannot be connected at the moment. Please call again later. I have dialed several times in a row, but it is still the same.

Only then did Huber think of me. It was already three o'clock in the morning, everyone had already gone to bed, and I was so happy that I got carried away.

Ying'er, you should also go to rest for a while. When the sun rises, grandpa will cook something delicious for you.

Well, grandpa, you should go to bed early too.

Yawning, Hu Yinger opened her eyes, rubbed her face again, and said a few words softly, she felt as if she was dreaming, everything was unreal, but all of it was real. Unexpectedly, in one day, the illness that had haunted me for more than half a year would be completely healed, and I couldn't believe it was true.

Grandpa, grandpa.

Yinger, you wake up and come to eat soon.

After Hu Yinger simply washed up, she went to eat.

At this time, Huber picked up his mobile phone again, dialed the number from yesterday, beep...beep...beep...

Hello, hello, who are you looking for, at this time a clear voice came from the microphone.

I'm looking for your Dean Fang.

I'm Fang Li, what can you do for me?

Hello, Dean Fang, I am Hu Guoting, and my granddaughter is Hu Yinger, who was the first in the city in the exam half a year ago. Later, because of her health, she did not report. Now that she is in good health, I wonder if I can give her another Opportunity, let her continue to go to school.

Oh, you are that Huber. I still remember you. At that time, I asked you to leave my phone number and said that when Hu Yinger’s illness will recover, she can come to Binhai Medical University to study at any time. What I said must mean something.

Our school is about to start, and at the beginning of next month, Hu Yinger can come to school.

Well, thank you, Dean Fang, the one who got the first place in the previous exam and was free of tuition can continue to enjoy it? Huber asked cautiously.

It doesn't matter if he can't be Huber, at least he can go to school.

Haha, Huber, you can rest assured that I will keep it for you.

Huber quickly thanked him, and tears of excitement were shed. This can be regarded as saving a lot of money for the family.

Hu Yinger heard everything and was very happy.


		