

Chapter 152

action begins

Young Master Zhang, upon hearing the news about Li Pingfan, I photographed five more warriors for you. You should know what to do next.

Thank you, Vice Hall Master, you can rest assured that I will arrange the next thing.

All of you must obey Young Master Zhang's arrangement.

Yes, Vice Hall Master.

It is the first time in my life, Zhang Shaohuang, that I have seen so many strong men, and I hope everyone will cooperate in the next action.

Young Master Zhang, just follow your orders for the next action, and we will just follow it.

Well, then Zhang thanked everyone first, and Zhang Shaohuang thanked everyone.

Tonight we are about to start action. My informant told me that Li Pingfan went to the Wumeng and Feng Zhenghao was drunk, and he must not be able to stop us.

Young Master Zhang, in this case, why didn't you go directly to the Wumeng and kill Li Pingfan, an old man asked.

If we head to the Martial League rashly, we will definitely startle the snake. It would be fine if we kill Li Pingfan by then, but if we don’t kill him, we will be caught in a dilemma.

Hmph, a little Li Pingfan is nothing more than a little Li Pingfan. Can the seven of us peak late-stage warriors still be unable to beat a little Li Pingfan? Another old man with a sinister face said.

I know that several seniors are quite strong, but we must know that this is Binhai, and there is a martial arts family, and the martial arts alliance is far from being as simple as it appears on the surface.

So we'd better be careful.

That being the case, Young Master Zhang please give orders.

Alright, next Zhang Shaohuang gave everyone their respective tasks.

The action begins. Zhang Shaohuang said.

Young Master Lu, the action has already begun, you know what to do next, Zhang Shaohuang said into the phone.

Don't worry, Young Master Zhang, I'm just waiting for this day.

At this moment, Li Pingfan was still drinking with Feng Zhenghao, completely unaware of what was going on outside.

Are you Su Haokai?

I am, who are you?

This person smiled charmingly, knocked Su Haokai unconscious with a palm, and then left the place.

At the same time, Huangmao and Siyan had accidents one after another.

Afterwards, Hu Yinger and Li Mo also disappeared inexplicably.

On the other hand, Wu Yanxia was knocked to the ground within two rounds of fighting with the person in front of her. Before she fell to the ground, Wu Yanxia called Wu Zhiguo.

Then Wu Yanxia was also taken away.

Hello, Xiaoxia, is that you Xiaoxia? Wu Zhiguo shouted.

No, something happened, Wu Zhiguo only had this one thought at the moment.

So he quickly contacted Feng Zhenghao and Li Pingfan.

Hey, who dares to interrupt my drinking.

It's me, Wu Zhiguo.

Did something happen to Senior Wu? When Feng Zhenghao heard Wu Zhiguo, he immediately sobered up half of the wine, because he knew that Wu Zhiguo would not call him for no reason, unless something serious happened.

Yes, something happened, Wu Zhiguo told Feng Zhenghao what happened just now.

What, Li Pingfan was shocked at this moment.

Li Pingfan also picked up his mobile phone to call Hu Yinger and Li Mo, but they couldn't get through.

Something really happened, Li Pingfan called Lin Jiaqi.

hello who are you

Jiaqi, is it me, Li Pingfan, Li Mo and Hu Yinger with you?

No, I came back early from get out of class today, and I was about to call them, but I haven't come back so late.

You stay at home and don't go anywhere, you know, Li Pingfan said.

Is something wrong?

It's okay, you remember to stay at home, don't go anywhere, and don't open the door to anyone.

Well, I see, Lin Jiaqi replied, he knew something had happened, and Li Pingfan was protecting himself.

Li Pingfan hung up the phone, took out a silver needle and stabbed Feng Zhenghao a few times, and Feng Zhenghao immediately sobered up.

Then Li Pingfan and his party came to the Wu family.

Grandpa Wu, what happened, why did they all disappear all of a sudden.

I don't know either, I only knew something happened when I received a call from Xiaoxia.

Li Pingfan thought for a while and said.

I thought, I know who did it.

You mean, the Zhang family? Wu Zhiguo said.

Li Pingfan nodded.

It shouldn't be, the Zhang family doesn't have the guts to even dare to hijack Wu Yanxia, ​​Feng Zhenghao said.

I think there must be someone else behind them, otherwise I would not dare to lend them ten guts, Wu Zhiguo said.

The person behind, Li Pingfan muttered, then glanced at Wu Zhiguo, and the two said in unison.

Asura Hall.

It is the Asura Hall, because only the Asura Hall and the Rakshasa Hall can summon so many masters at once, and even the monitors of the Wu Family and the Martial League have not discovered it, so it can be seen that the strength is at least above the ground level.

As an earth-level warrior, Li Pingfan looked at Liu Shihuan, Zhang Heng and Wang Zekun behind him.

This matter may need the help of several people, Li Pingfan said.

We have something to say first, we will never interfere with your business, but it is impossible for us to help you, Zhang Heng said.

That being the case, you guys go back, I will not go to Qixia Mountain, Li Pingfan said.

This is beyond your control, Zhang Heng continued.

Ordinary little brother, who are they on the ground, Feng Zhenghao asked in a low voice.

The creditor, Li Pingfan shook his head and whispered to Feng Zhenghao.

Ah, how is that possible, how much do you owe them.

Hey, some debts can't be solved with money.

Feng Zhenghao stopped talking.

What about you two? Do you have the same opinion as him? Li Pingfan said to the remaining two.

The two were silent, and after a few minutes, Liu Shihuan said.

If you need my help, I will help you.

How about you?

Same.

Well, thank you both for your help.

Then Wu Zhiguo's phone rang.

Grandpa Wu, Zhang Shaohuang's voice rang from the phone.

Zhang Shaohuang.

Grandpa Wu has good ears.

Why are you calling so late?

No way, Grandpa Wu, my people saw Feng Zhenghao and Li Pingfan at Wu's house, you don't know what happened, do you?

It really is you, tell me what do you want to do?

Hahahahahaha, Grandpa Wu, I don’t want to do anything to your granddaughter. I just want to kill Li Pingfan. If you can help me kill Li Pingfan, I will let them go. Look at this deal.


		