

Chapter 148

Back to Binhai

Beep, beep, Li Pingfan came to the place where he went down the mountain for the first time. He heard the familiar sound of the car. Li Pingfan recalled that when he first came, he went to chase the car. Li Pingfan shook his head mockingly.

Li Pingfan looked at the two little guys hidden in his clothes, because now that they were in the city, they would not be easily exposed, otherwise troubles would continue.

Li Pingfan came to his residence and stood outside the door alone.

I don't know what happened to Yinger and Li Mo, and by the way, Jiaqi, and whether the strength of Fatty and Huangmao has improved, and whether the medical skills of the four eyes have improved, Li Pingfan stood outside the door and felt emotional.

Li Pingfan walked into the villa, and there was no one in the house. Li Pingfan put the two white crystal tigers in his bedroom, because there is a gathering array he set up here, they can practice here, and there are some he raised outside Spiritual medicine, the aura here is much stronger than the outside world, so this place is also very suitable for the two little guys to practice.

At this moment, the door of the villa was opened again.

Wu Yanxia also came to the villa at this moment.

I knew you would come here, Wu Yanxia said when she saw Li Pingfan.

Otherwise, where else could I go, Li Pingfan said with an embarrassed smile.

It seems they are all in school.

um, yes.

The two exchanged pleasantries.

Li Pingfan looked at the time, he should also leave for the residence arranged by Wu Yanxia.

After bidding farewell to Wu Yanxia, ​​Li Pingfan left the villa.

Bang, bang, bang.

You keep your word, Liu Shihuan said.

Li Pingfan left the place after receiving the three of them.

Li Pingfan then came to the Chinese medicine street behind the school, and the three of them followed Li Pingfan.

This place is still as lively as ever, with all kinds of noisy voices around.

Uh, little sister, I will spend the night with my brother tonight, the medicinal materials here are all covered by my brother, what do you think?

This scene is being staged at a booth at the moment.

It happened that Liu Shihuan saw this scene.

Disgusting, Liu Shihuan gritted his teeth and said.

But Li Pingfan turned a blind eye, because such things happen every day in the secular world, and you can't control them.

Indifferent, Liu Shihuan looked at Li Pingfan and the three of them and said.

Little sister, let's go with brother, and go to pull her as soon as he said that.

At this moment, before his hand touched the girl opposite, he felt a powerful force blocking him.

Damn it, it's a good thing for that life-hating guy who dared to spoil Lao Tzu, he turned his head and looked.

Eyes straightened immediately.

There was a woman holding his arm firmly in front of him, and she was also an extremely beautiful woman, as beautiful and moving as an unborn fairy, and everyone around her was moved by her.

After this person turned around, Li Pingfan also recognized this person as Zhao Chuan, Zhang Shaohuang's subordinate.

Li Pingfan didn't expect him to recover so quickly, it seems that someone treated him.

Beauty, what are you looking for, Zhao Chuan said.

Liu Shihuan smiled lightly and said, I want your life.

Ouch, I was scared to death, I was so scared, Zhao Chuan said.

Why don't you accompany me tonight, I will treat you well, Zhao Chuan said.

Shameless, Liu Shihuan grabbed it with his hands as he said that.

At this moment, Li Pingfan immediately made a move to block Liu Shihuan's blow.

What are you doing, Liu Shihuan was furious.

This is the secular world, so spells cannot be used here, and it will cause panic. Liu Shihuan also understands the meaning of Li Pingfan's simple words.

Zhao Chuan, I wonder if you still recognize me? At this moment Li Pingfan turned to look at Zhao Chuan and said.

Zhao Chuan looked familiar to Li Pingfan, but couldn't remember who he was.

Oh, by the way, forget about it, Li Pingfan shook his head and said to himself.

My name is Li Pingfan.

When Zhao Chuan heard the name Li Pingfan, he almost peed his pants in shock.

He heard Zhang Shao said that Li Pingfan had left Binhai, so Zhang Shaohuang asked Lu Shengshou to treat him, so that he could recover so quickly and his own strength had also improved.

Seeing Li Pingfan appearing in front of him now, how could he not be afraid, the lesson from last time is still firmly in his heart.

Now Zhao Chuan was not in the mood to pick up girls, he only had one thought, that was to run fast, if he ran slowly, he might be approaching the hospital again.

Because he also heard everything about Li Pingfan in Binhai, this person is a evil star at all, and he is not even his opponent at the Xuan level, let alone his yellow level strength.

That, Brother Fan, I just remembered that I still have something to do but I won’t accompany you, Zhao Chuan just left in a hurry after finishing speaking.

Let's go, Li Pingfan said.

Wait a minute, thank you.

At this moment, the girl who was bullied before ran to Li Pingfan to thank him.

You are welcome, you should thank her, Li Pingfan pointed to the woman beside him.

Thank you fairy sister, the girl said.

Hearing Sister Fairy, the three of Li Pingfan smiled.

Liu Shihuan glared at them.

Well, let's go, let's go, it's time to go. Li Pingfan said.

Um, yes, brother Li said, it's time to leave. The two agreed.

Then Li Pingfan came to the school and felt the familiar environment around him, and Li Pingfan also had an inexplicable sense of intimacy.

Young Master Zhang, Young Master Zhang, Li Pingfan are back.

What? Zhang Shaohuang was taken aback, he couldn't believe that Li Pingfan came back at this critical moment.

Are we going to continue with the plan now? Zhao Chuan asked.

Zhang Shaohuang thought for a while, then said, continue, we only have these few days, if we miss these few days, I'm afraid we won't have another chance in the future.

Zhao Chuan nodded, and then left the place.

Lu Shao.

Uh, why is Young Master Zhang so interested in calling me today? Lu Feng said with a smile.

Don't laugh, Li Pingfan is back.

What, Li Pingfan is back? Young Master Zhang, are you sure?" Lu Feng said in disbelief.

Zhao Chuan saw it with his own eyes.

What about our plan? Lu Feng said.

as usual.


		