

Chapter 169

Qixia Gate's actions

So, the power of heaven and earth we absorb also contains impurities?

Li Pingfan nodded.

But we have indeed surpassed the lifespan of a mortal, how could there be magazines in the aura? Moreover, even if there are impurities, why can't we feel them? Liu Wuxin asked.

Li Pingfan fell into deep thought. You can't say that there is a problem with your cultivation method. If you say so, the consequences will be unimaginable. Maybe what happened to Qixiamen will continue to happen.

Li Pingfan shook his head, expressing that he did not know what was going on.

Liu Wuxin knew and couldn't ask anything, so the three of them went back to Wuxin Pavilion.

Wang Jinhong got what he wanted, so he left.

Li Pingfan returned to his room and continued to practice.

Another two days passed.

But at the moment Qixiamen is plotting.

Sect Master, I heard that Li Pingfan has awakened, we must get rid of him quickly, otherwise, the consequences will be disastrous, said the Fourth Elder.

Chen Ye nodded at me. He knew that if Li Pingfan was still alive, Qixia Sect would be in great trouble in the future. Therefore, Li Pingfan must die. Only when Li Pingfan died could Qixia Sect be safe and sound.

When will Elder Yu and Elder Zhao come back? Chen Ye asked.

The door master, they wrote back, said that they would be there in the afternoon.

Well, in this case, when Li Pingfan leaves the Wuxin Pavilion, that is, when he dies, let's all go down and prepare, and do it as soon as the time is up.

Everyone left after hearing the order.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan continued to cultivate and consolidate his cultivation base as before.

Liu Shihuan came twice, but saw that Li Pingfan had been practicing and did not dare to disturb him.

The time soon came to the ten-day period.

Today, Li Pingfan can also leave Wuxin Pavilion according to the agreement, presumably they will not stop them, but it is hard to say for Qixia Gate, Li Pingfan looked in the direction of Qixia Gate.

As long as they leave the gate of Wuxin Pavilion today, Li Pingfan's life and death, Wuxin Pavilion and the Wang family will definitely not help each other again.

Because there was an agreement before, they rescued Li Pingfan, but now without this layer of restraint, if they are going to rescue Li Pingfan, they will be enemies of Qixia Sect, so a big battle must be inevitable.

Li Pingfan followed Liu Wuxin to the entrance of Wuxin Pavilion.

Thank you Pavilion Master Liu for taking care of me these days.

You are welcome, little friend, these are what I should do.

But if you leave this door today, little friend, my Wuxin Pavilion will not be able to help you anymore, Liu Wuxin said lightly.

I know this, the road ahead still needs to be walked by myself, I, Li Pingfan, will definitely repay the kindness of saving my life before, and Li Pingfan will leave after saying that.

At this time, Liu Shihuan said, Li Pingfan, why don't you leave, why don't you just join my Wuxin Pavilion, so that Qixiamen and the others won't dare to attack you.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, thank you Sister Liu for her kindness, but a real man walks between heaven and earth, how can he live under others for a long time, Li Pingfan left the Wuxin Pavilion without knowing it.

But behind Liu Shihuan, for some reason, a drop of tears fell from his eyes, he couldn't tell whether it was missing or not.

After Li Pingfan left the Wuxin Pavilion, he spread his spiritual consciousness to explore the surroundings.

Because Li Pingfan's strength has broken through to the sixth level of Qi training, now Li Pingfan's spiritual consciousness can explore a range of 600 meters.

Li Pingfan didn't know where he was going now, he just walked aimlessly among the mountains and forests.

Swish, Swish.

At this moment, Li Pingfan seemed to hear footsteps.

Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness and explored the surroundings.

A few familiar faces appeared, they were from Qixiamen.

Several acquaintances such as Zhou Wu were among them, and even Liu Ran and the fourth elder were nearby. It seemed that the high-ranking monks of Qixiamen came out in full force this time.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique and started running around.

Uh, why did he run away, did he find me? Zhou Wu said suspiciously.

It is very possible, Liu Cheng returned.

Hurry up, everyone uses their skills to catch up with Li Pingfan.

On the other side, Liu Ran and the others, seeing Li Pingfan leaving, hurriedly chased after him.

No matter where the boy ran, he was punched by the old man. At this moment, Liu Ran suddenly appeared behind Li Pingfan and punched him.

Li Pingfan turned around and punched out at the same time.

Boom, Li Pingfan took advantage of the impact of Liu Ran's punch, and instantly threw them away by a hundred meters.

Boy, if you want to run, you don't agree so much. The fifth elder attacked Li Pingfan from the side.

Li Pingfan threw two fireballs at random, attacking the fifth elder.

Li Pingfan's legs and feet still did not stop, and he continued to run forward crazily.

Fuck me, the Fourth Elder slapped a palm, and a big hand came from the sky.

Li Pingfan used the exercises, pointed out, and then added me before, and the fourth elder's attack was instantly deciphered.

Ah, kid, die to me, the Fourth Elder was about to attack again, but at this moment a person appeared and stopped the Fourth Elder.

Third brother, what do you mean by this.

You go ahead and block his way.

The fourth elder understood the meaning of the third elder, and left the place to chase Li Pingfan.

Boy, no matter where you run, the third elder suddenly appeared within a distance of less than a hundred meters from Li Pingfan, and suddenly shot at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan has never seen this person before, but he must be one of the top three elders.

This person's strength is indeed much stronger than Liu Ran and the others.

But with Li Pingfan's current strength, he can handle one or two.

Li Pingfan turned around and stood where he was, with a fist hanging down, and a huge fist fell from the sky instantly.

Boom, the third elder received a heavy blow and was instantly smashed to the ground.

Before Li Pingfan was complacent, the third elder punched Li Pingfan's attack.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan didn't dare to hesitate and continued to run away.

Hahaha, ordinary little friend, where are you going? At this moment, Chen Ye suddenly appeared in front of Li Fanfan and blocked Li Fanfan's way.


		