

Chapter Seventy-Four

Su Haoxuan

Li Pingfan nodded, but did not refuse, because after all, he didn't know much about this star field, and he inevitably needed some forces to back him up.

This is different from my own in other star fields. In other star fields, I can rise rapidly by relying on my own cultivation speed. Even if I can't beat the opponent, I still have the secret technique to escape, and then hide in some places to practice for two years , I am stronger than the other party, and then come out to kill the other party, this kind of thing Li Pingfan has done a lot in other star fields, after all, some star fields before are respected by the strong, as long as you have enough strength, then You are the king and no one dares to provoke you.

But now this star field is completely different. If you provoke someone who is stronger than you, even if you can escape, it will take at least a few decades when you cultivate to be stronger than him. , I don’t know if the opponent is dead or not, how can I take revenge, so I can rely on some power here, which is also a good hole card.

So of course Li Pingfan would not reject such a thing, on the contrary, an interesting idea came to Li Pingfan's mind now.

If you let all the forces in Binhai be your backing, then you can walk sideways in Binhai.

By the way, Grandpa Wu, has Wu Yanxia recovered yet? Li Pingfan asked.

Xiaoxia has recovered, but she is still a little weak, and she needs to recover for a few more days. Thank you, little friend, for caring about my granddaughter.

Well, now that she's all right, it's time for me to go too.

Are you in such a hurry, little friend?

Well, yes, there are still some things in school that need to be taken care of.

Because Li Fanfan thought of what Zhang Shaohuang said yesterday, he was also a little worried about the safety of Li Mo and Hu Yinger, so he had better go back as soon as possible.

Okay, then I won't be able to force you to stay anymore, I'll ask someone to send you back.

Li Pingfan nodded.

In this way, Li Pingfan left the Wu family.

In an open space inside the school, Su Haokai and Huang Mao were practicing the body training exercises that Li Pingfan taught them.

After these two days of studying, Huangmao is also considered a Taoist. He learned very quickly and basically memorized all the moves.

In fact, this kind of body training method is a set of martial arts, which can not only forge the body, but also practice martial arts, and it is also very good to comprehend.

Whoops, who is this? What's the use of practicing the three-legged cat's fists here.

Gou Riyong, shouldn't you be begging for mercy from your master Lu Feng? Why do you have time to come to grandpa? Are you going to ask me to give you a bone?

Pug, you dare to bark in front of me, I think you are looking for a fight, Su Haokai said.

Fatty, you are courting death.

That's right, I'm looking for death, you come to beat me, you think you are your brother, you have no fucking skills, and you dare to bark in front of me, what a pug.

Hmph, brother Gou, I don't care about fat people, just wait, you'll look good in a while.

With that said, several people appeared behind Gou Riyong, and they were all familiar faces, namely Gou Rixin, Wang Tie and Lu Feng.

What Su Haokai didn't expect was that Wang Tie recovered so quickly. It is conceivable that Lu Feng must have gone to his grandfather to treat Wang Tie, otherwise it would not be possible to recover so quickly.

Fatty, you are being arrogant, Gou Riyong said.

Cut, don't you just rely on your master Lu Feng being there? If he is not here, you will find your teeth all over the place if I don't hit you.

Haha, even if I have a backer, if you are angry or not, I will be a dog. If you are angry or not, you can look for it if you have the ability, you fat man.

Alright, stop talking, take Su Haokai away, someone wants to see him.

I see who of you dares to strike, Su Haokai spread out his hands as if he was ready to hit someone.

Brother Feng, let me test his level, Gou Rixin said at this time.

Okay, go ahead, play it lightly, that man doesn't want any injuries on his body.

Alright, Brother Feng, I will definitely be more lenient.

Speaking of Gou Rixin making a move, Su Haokai dealt with it with difficulty.

One punch, another punch, one kick, another punch.

The two fought fiercely, but to outsiders, Gou Rixin seemed to be playing a monkey.

Well, it's time for the fat man to end, boom, Gou Rixin punched him down.

Su Haokai backed away quickly, but he definitely couldn't receive this punch, Su Haokai could only bite the bullet and receive the punch once he gritted his teeth.

Boom, to everyone's surprise, it was Gou Rixin who fell on the ground.

You are too angry, it's time to go to the hospital to rest.

Kacha, there was a sound of bone cracking, and Gou Rixin's right leg was broken.

Brother Fan, Su Haokai shouted.

Obviously, it was Li Pingfan who came.

Young Master Lu, why do you have anything to ask this time?

Li Pingfan, it's you again, but this time someone asked us to invite Su Haokai back, this matter is beyond your control.

Oh? You bully my friend, I can't intervene yet, you are a little bit arrogant.

Hold on? Haha, Li Pingfan, I don't know if you have heard of the Su family, a family of medicine.

The Su family, the Su family of the Three Medicines School mentioned by Li Pingfan and Lee Kuan Yew, is it a family? Li Pingfan was a little puzzled.

No, but it doesn't affect me to beat you at all, Li Pingfan said domineeringly.

Haha, Li Pingfan, the Su family is not something you can provoke. Although they are also a family of medicine, they are not proficient in saving people, but proficient in killing people.

They want you to die, and you will die invisibly, and no one can find out the cause.

This time Li Pingfan concluded that the Su family that Lu Feng was talking about was also the Su family that Lee Kuan Yew was talking about.

But what Lu Feng didn't know was that he was a master of medicine, poisoning these things would not have much effect on Li Pingfan.

Oh? Yeah? What if I provoke him?

you have to die Three words came from behind, sonorous and forceful, but also firm.

Su Haoxuan, Su Haokai said softly.

Brother, it was my uncle who asked me to pick you up.

Su Haoxuan, do you believe what you say? If my father asks me to go back, he will definitely come here by himself. How could it be possible for you to bring the words.

Brother, you have been away for a long time, and it is time to go back.

No, I won't go back, you go.

Haha brother, do you want your friend to die because of you?

Su Haoxuan, what are you going to do?

I don't do anything, brother, I just want to tell you to go back.

Su Haokai looked at Li Fanfan, and then at Huang Mao. He didn't want his friend to die because of him, because he knew that Su Haoxuan could definitely do such a thing.

OK, I'll go back with you.


		