

Chapter 64

Convergence of three forces

Lu Feng, this person is exactly Lu Feng.

At this time, the classroom was not quiet again. What they didn't expect was that Lu Feng, who had disappeared for several days in a row, also came, and there were still students around who were discussing that something big would definitely happen today.

After Lu Feng walked into the classroom, he looked in Li Mo's direction, and then he also walked to Li Mo's side and sat down.

Silently, don't tell me when you come to class today.

Li Mo also did not speak.

Silently, how is our grandfather? Is he in good health?

Lu Feng, you really don't want to have a b-face, who will give you our grandfather, is the old man of the Lu family dead? Misunderstanding Grandpa here.

Li Mo, you'd better not be ignorant of good and evil, tell you the truth, that Li Pingfan will soon be finished, you'd better be obedient, otherwise don't blame me for being rude to your Li family.

If you have the guts, let the horse come here, don't think that my Li family is easy to bully.

Boom, boom, boom, another knock on the door.

Come in, the teacher called again.

This time there are three people, they are Su Haokai Huangmao and Four Eyes.

The three people had very clear goals, and they went straight to Li Mo and Hu Yinger and sat down next to them.

Yo, aren't these Li Pingfan's three dogs? What, are you acting in such a hurry? Lu Feng said.

Where has Young Master Lu been these few days? How can there be no news from him? Could it be that he was beaten and disabled?

Fatty, you are courting death.

Hurry up, why are you so anxious, Young Master Lu?

Hmph, Su Haokai, let you stay here for a few days, after I finish cleaning up Li Pingfan, you three will be next, none of you can escape, Lu Feng stared at the three of them and said viciously.

Oops, Young Master Lu, I'm afraid you'll be disappointed. The few of us joined the Qiaoyu League yesterday, so if you want to move us, it depends on whether Miss Xia agrees.

Wu Yanxia, ​​do you think she might do right for you and me and Young Master Zhang? Don't be naive.

bang bang bang. There was another knock on the door.

Come on, the teacher is a little helpless.

This time it was none other than Wu Yanxia and Yan Lu that Lu Feng mentioned just now.

Young Master Lu, they are not naive, maybe I will really fight against you for them?

Lu Feng was stunned. What he didn't expect was that Wu Yanxia, ​​who was outside the door, could hear the conversation between himself and them. This was separated by several meters, and Lu Feng seemed a little bit agitated because he was still outside the door. Incredible.

This is not to be blamed on Lu Feng, because what he does not know is that as long as he can get in touch with this level of heaven and earth aura, it is very easy to hear the conversation several meters away, but Lu Feng is just a warrior, and he has not Eligibility for access to this level.

You'd better think clearly, your Wu family is indeed very powerful, and our Lu family is not just for nothing, besides, there is Zhang Shao, do you think your family can resist the anger of our two families?

At this time, Zhang Shaohuang, who had not spoken all the time, said, Wu Yanxia, ​​you better think about whether it is worth it for the three of them. By the way, there is also Li Pingfan who is not far from death.

Li Pingfan, what did you do to him, Wu Yanxia said.

Didn't do anything, but his death is not far away. To tell you the truth, I have asked my father to find a group of masters in Huacheng, so you still think that Li Pingfan can live for a few days.

When mentioning Huacheng, Wu Yanxia was startled. Others didn't know about Huacheng, but Wu Yanxia did know it herself. Huacheng was ranked in the top ten cities in martial arts. Warriors in Huacheng were more important than merchants and doctors, and the warriors in Huacheng were definitely not Binhai. city ​​can be compared.

What's the matter, petrified?

They don't know Huacheng, don't you know? Miss Wu Family, Zhang Shaohuang said the last few words with extra force.

mean.

Despicable, how despicable I am, I spent money, if you have the ability, you can let him hire someone, my Zhang family will follow, see if he has money or my Zhang family has money, and my Zhang family has not yet Who was he afraid of, Zhang Shaohuang said proudly.

Don't forget, there is also the Li family.

The Li family, haha, don't be funny, although the old man of the Li family has recovered, it is still a mess. The Li family is too busy to take care of themselves, how can they take care of others, right? Silently, Lu Feng said.

Li Mo fell into silence. The situation of his family is exactly as Lu Feng said. The family is in a mess. Fortunately, grandpa has recovered. If grandpa does not recover now, then the Li family will really decline from now on.

Haha, so, Wu Yanxia, ​​you better think clearly, otherwise, if you make a wrong move, your entire Wu family will be buried with you.

At this time, other students in the classroom heard these words, and immediately felt that Binhai was going to be in chaos. Even the teacher left the classroom quickly before they talked, and also left a large part of the students. They are all people who want to watch the fun.

Don't scare me, you two, I, Wu Yanxia, ​​didn't scare me too much.

Okay, just wait and see, Zhang Shaohuang and Lu Feng said in unison.

After finishing speaking, the two left the classroom.

After Zhang Shaohuang and Lu Feng left, Su Haokai called Li Fanfan immediately.

At this moment in the classroom, a bell rang, and it was Li Pingfan's cell phone that rang.

Li Pingfan picked it up without even looking at it.

Hey, Brother Van, where are you?

Li Pingfan looked in Su Haokai's direction, and then realized that it was Su Haokai calling, and instantly regretted answering the call.

You turned your head and looked back, Li Pingfan said helplessly.

Everyone turned their heads to look behind them, and Li Pingfan was taking care of a corner not far from them.

Brother Fan, you're here too, Su Haokai said.

Li Pingfan also came to their side, looked at Wu Yanxia and said, thank you.

Then I'll treat it as if you owe me a favor, and it just so happens that I have something to ask you for.

Li Pingfan suddenly had a black line on his forehead, thinking, why am I going here, is this just a favor? This is too hasty.

Well, Li Pingfan is not hypocritical.

Then let's go too, today is definitely not going to be a class, I will take you to the Qiao Language League to have a look.

Alright, Su Haokai and Huang Mao spoke first.

Everyone followed Yan Lu to the Qiaoyu League, and all the students on the way were exclaimed, who are these men who are walking with the three major beauties.

Don't you know that one? That one is Su Haokai, who knows everything about medicine, and the rest don't know.

A few people were walking, and a person came in front of them.

You, you, hello, Li Mo, can you give me a contact information?


		