

Chapter 162

Zhan Lijun

Li Jun stared at Li Pingfan as if staring at prey, and licked his lips from time to time.

At this moment, it was drizzling in the sky.

With a wave of Li Jun's hand, all the drizzle rushed towards Li Pingfan like steel needles.

Li Pingfan was shocked, no good, this is the rain technique, this is the real technique.

It is the same as Li Pingfan's fireball technique, but there is an essential difference between the technique and the transformation of gas into reality. The attack and destructive power of the technique is stronger than that of turning gas into reality.

Li Pingfan didn't hesitate, and immediately threw two fireballs. The two fireballs were above Li Pingfan's head, instantly turning the drizzle into nothingness.

Li Pingfan threw another fireball at Li Jun.

Break it for me, Li Jun yelled, and with a swipe of his fingertips, a water column formed by aura formed in front of him.

Hmph, ordinary water can't extinguish my fireball. Li Pingfan said.

Sure enough, the moment the water column touched the fireball, the water column evaporated instantly.

Li Jun saw that this trick could not be cracked, and in an instant he used the Rain Transformation Technique again.

Boom, the two techniques collided, and the two of them took a few steps back.

Li Jun continued to shoot, and punched Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan dodged the punch, turned around and punched out.

Hmph, boy, you were fooled. Li Jun punched Li Pingfan directly behind him.

Li Pingfan smiled lightly, who might be fooled? Li Pingfan punched Li Jun's side.

Here comes this trick again, boy, I have been prepared for a long time.

Li Jun kicked out.

Already knew you were prepared.

Li Pingfan stepped back dozens of steps in an instant, and pointed out.

From the moment the fingertips appeared to the light beam transformed from aura hitting Li Jun.

Li Jun stretched out his hand, and a wall of air appeared in front of him to block Li Pingfan's attack.

Break it for me Li Pingfan fired out several beams of light in succession.

Boom, it hit the air wall and made a buzzing sound. After a few breaths, Li Jun's defense was broken by Li Pingfan. Li Pingfan clasped his hands together and squeezed each other.

At this moment, a pair of big hands appeared beside Li Junzhou, squeezing Li Jun.

Ahhh, Li Jun yelled loudly, and the surrounding hands that attacked him were instantly shattered.

Boy, you really have some skills, I underestimated you.

But then you're out of luck.

Said Li Jun is another blow.

At this moment, a fierce tiger appeared in front of Li Jun and rushed towards Li Pingfan.

Wherever the tiger went, there was a powerful coercion.

The moment the tiger pounced on him, Li Pingfan couldn't help but want to fall to his knees.

This is the unique skill of the fourth senior brother, the tiger comes out of the mountain, look quickly, Li Pingfan is under such coercion that he is about to kneel down.

Yes, yes, who does he think he is, dare to challenge the fourth brother, it seems that Li Pingfan is about to lose.

I don't think so, Zhang Heng came out next time and said.

What did the third senior brother say?

If you have seen that battle, you will know how strong Li Pingfan's perseverance is.

You mean the battle with the Heaven Rank warriors?

Zhang Heng nodded.

Is the heavenly rank in the secular world really that strong? Everyone asked with some doubts.

You must not underestimate warriors in the secular world. Although they don't know how to use spells, their strength is real. If you only compete in strength, there is not much difference from us.

That's why, the third brother, who do you think will win between the two?

I don't know, but I know that in a life-and-death situation, Li Pingfan will win, Zhang Heng said flatly.

What, is this Li Pingfan really that strong?

Zhang Heng didn't speak, and continued to look at the two people on the stage.

A fierce tiger pounced on Li Pingfan, and Li Pingfan used the wind control technique to keep dodging.

But the tiger's speed was too fast. With the blessing of the wind control technique, Li Pingfan could only dodge and had no time to fight back.

Boom, the tiger took another paw.

Li Pingfan punched out.

Boom, Li Pingfan was instantly photographed flying several meters away.

Li Pingfan got up, shrugged, and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.

Without hesitation, Li Jun manipulated the tiger to charge towards Li Pingfan again.

Ten fireballs appeared around Li Pingfan's body, and Li Pingfan's mouth showed an evil smile.

Li Pingfan waved his hand lightly, and the ten fireballs around him instantly gathered and rushed towards the tiger.

Bang, the tiger was knocked back several meters in an instant.

Before Li Jun could react, Li Pingfan appeared in front of the tiger controlled by Li Jun in an instant.

Blast out with a punch and let me loose.

Boom, the tiger instantly dissipated between the sky and the earth.

Do you have any tricks to use, Li Pingfan said in a very peaceful tone.

This is impossible, no one can resist my fierce tiger coming out of the mountain, even the senior brother has to stay away, how can a little monk in the secular world be broken, I don't believe it, I don't believe it, ahhhhhh, Li Jun shouted.

Li Pingfan walked up to Li Jun and slapped him.

The little friend stopped, why hurt others, the fourth elder blocked Li Pingfan's blow.

Li Pingfan said with a faint smile, what the four elders said was very true, then Li Pingfan spread his hands, turned and left the place.

Fourth Elder, the apprentice has shamed you

Li Jun, winning or losing is a common thing. After this battle, I believe you will gain a lot. Go and rest.

After this battle, Li Pingfan also had some understanding of the semi-hidden family's techniques.

Li Jun's fierce tiger came out of the mountain today, in fact, it was converging its own aura and transforming it into some kind of attack method, but they didn't realize how to use Qi to transform reality, otherwise they might not be able to defeat Li Jun today.

And this attack method also has a disadvantage, that is, once it is broken, the caster will be exhausted immediately, and there will be no aura in the body, and at this time, the fish on the chopping board will be slaughtered.

Bang, bang, bang, there was a knock on the door.

please come in.

Zhang Heng, what are you doing here, Li Pingfan said.

Brother Li, I am here to challenge you.

Challenge, why do you think I will accept it.

I know, Brother Li, you will accept it.

Congratulations, you guessed it, I accept.

Alright, tomorrow I will wait for you on the ring.

After speaking, Zhang Heng left.

And Li Pingfan also started to practice.

Sect Master, he has started to practice.

Well, this is the time to wait.

Chen Ye came near Li Pingfan's room and observed Li Pingfan's practice.


		