

Chapter Eightieth

Feng Zhenghao's persuasion

After Li Pingfan knocked down five or six people with one punch, Feng Zelei attacked Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan didn't pay attention behind him, Feng Zelei punched Li Pingfan to the ground.

After seeing Li Pingfan fell to the ground, the rest of the people surrounded him.

Haha, Li Pingfan, aren't you awesome? You're going crazy, didn't you threaten me just now? Zhang Shaohuang said proudly.

Li Pingfan, who was taken down, didn't have too many words.

Young Master Zhang, I have already taken me down, you see what to do next, Feng Zelei said with a smirk.

Haha, Brother Feng, thank you all this time, I will not lose any of your commissions.

Just play, as I said before, I want him to crawl in front of me.

Kid kneel down for me.

I don't kneel, if you have the guts, let me go, a bunch of scumbags who can only sneak attack, who are capable of one-on-one, Li Pingfan yelled.

Haha, what era is this, and you still need one-on-one, you are too naive, kid, Feng Zelei said jokingly.

Kneel down for me, Feng Zelei just kicked me.

It's just that what he didn't expect was that the legs that were about to bend stood up straight again.

Seeing this, Feng Zelei kicked a few more times.

But the ending is the same, they all kneel down and then stand up straight.

Well, bring him to me, I want him to see with his own eyes how I make the woman he desperately protects want to die.

After speaking, everyone took Li Pingfan to room 0066 next door.

When Li Pingfan was brought in, he only saw Zhang Shaohuang, and not far from Zhang Shaohuang, Hu Yinger was curling up in a corner.

And when Hu Yinger saw Li Pingfan being escorted in, she was very remorseful, she blamed herself, and cursed herself in her heart.

Li Pingfan, I never thought that you would end up in such a situation one day, Zhang Shaohuang said.

I said that you will pay the price today, Li Pingfan looked at Zhang Shaohuang with stern eyes.

It's just that Zhang Shaohuang is also a character of Binhai Merry I, so he won't be frightened only by Li Pingfan's eyes.

Frighten me, am I frightened?

Since you dare to scare me like this, I can enjoy it a few times tonight.

Oh? Yeah? Li Pingfan's luck technique, with a strong shock, easily shook the person who was holding him away.

After that, there was a crushing situation. Except for Zhang Shaohuang and Hu Yinger, who were present for only a few breaths, everyone fell to the ground in response.

In this scene, not only the people lying on the ground were shocked, but even Zhang Shaohuang was also shocked.

He said tremblingly, you, you, you, you lied, lied, lied to me.

I lied to you, haha, I only blame you for not being smart, how could I be caught by you so easily, if it wasn't for finding your position, do you think these people can stop me? Innocent.

Zhang Shaohuang hurriedly prepared to get the pistol trembling, but now Li Pingfan has broken through to the third level of Qi training and his physique has also improved, and his speed is not comparable to before.

In an instant, Li Pingfan came to Zhang Shaohuang's side, grabbed him, and with a light force, directly broke Zhang Shaohuang's right hand.

Ah, ah ah, only a scream was heard.

Li Pingfan, I will not let you go, I will kill you, kill you, Zhang Shaohuang shouted angrily.

Okay, come here, I'll give you a chance, come and kill me right now, and then slapped Zhang Shaohuang on the face again.

If you dare to touch me, the Zhang family will never let you go, I swear.

You are dying, and you dare to use the so-called Zhang family to suppress me. Let me tell you, even if all the members of the Zhang family come today, they will not be able to save you.

Hearing Li Pingfan's words, Zhang Shaohuang was indeed a little scared, because he was the one who bullied others before. Strictly speaking, this was the second time he was threatened, and it was the same person both times. Helpless.

Brother Fan, I beg you, please let me go, I will give you money, a lot of money, my Zhang family is very rich, as long as you ask, I will satisfy you.

Pa, another slap on Zhang Shaohuang's face.

Do you think I care about money?

I know Brother Fan you don't care about money, but as long as you...

Before Zhang Shaohuang finished speaking, he slapped him on the face again.

Of course I care about money.

I thought to myself, damn it, if it wasn't for the money, why would I take the dark web mission.

Well, Brother Fan, as long as you tell me how much you want, I will definitely give it to you.

Crack, another slap, this time even Zhang Shaohuang was stunned and said, I don't give you money, you hit me and I admit it, why do I give you money, and you still hit me.

Because I don't care about your stinky money, Zhang Shaohuang has been slapped four times in a short time, and some pretty faces before have been flushed by Li Pingfan and even turned pale. Played a lap more than before.

Seeing Zhang Shaohuang's current state, even Hu Yinger next to him showed a long-lost smile.

Similarly, seeing Zhang Shaohuang's current state, Li Pingfan's previous anger has dissipated a lot, but this kind of person, if he is not allowed to develop a memory, he will never change.

As he spoke, he slapped Zhang Shaohuang on the face again.

I didn't speak, why did I get slapped again, Zhang Shaohuang's words were a bit vague.

Boom, at this time the door of room 0066 was pushed open, and the person who walked in was Feng Zhenghao from the Wumeng.

Little brother, if you feel relieved, let him go. After all, he is a descendant of the Zhang family. If something really happens, I'm afraid...

Let him go, how is it possible, the Zhang family, let him come to a small Zhang family, just happened to clean up together.

Little brother, this world is not as simple as you see. If he dies, the members of the Zhang family will definitely take revenge at all costs. At that time, Binhai's economic situation will completely change. Even if it has nothing to do with you, then you friends, what should they do? They don't have your skills, so listen to my advice and let him go.

Forgive him, can you guarantee that after I let him go this time, he won't trouble my friend again? Rather than that I might as well charge him now.

No, no, no, Brother Fan, I will definitely not cause any trouble for you, otherwise I will die, Zhang Shaohuang said in those vague words.

No, I don't believe you, Li Pingfan raised his hand and prepared to fight.

Wait a minute, Feng Zhenghao called Li Pingfan to stop in time.

I can assure you, and I can assure you in the name of the Wumeng, you may not know the strength of the Wumeng, there are Wumengs in every region here, so I promise you in the name of the Wumeng, do you think it's OK?

Li Pingfan thought for a while and replied, yes.

Hearing the word yes, Zhang Shaohuang, who was on tenterhooks, immediately relaxed.

Oh, Young Master Zhang, why are you on the ground? It's so cold on the ground. Get up, get up.

Uh, what happened to your face, Young Master Zhang, who hit you, if you let me know who hit you, I will definitely avenge you Young Master Zhang, hey, the person who hit you is really cruel, why did you beat you? His face was swollen from the beating, don't worry, Young Master Zhang, if you let me know who did it, I will never let him go.

Everyone watched Li Pingfan perform alone, and Li Pingfan's performance was wonderful and charming. If people who don't know the inside story really think that they have a good relationship.

But Zhang Shaohuang was suffering and couldn't tell. He thought to himself, didn't you beat them all? But he didn't dare to express it, he just said, thank you Brother Fan for your concern.

Hey, we are all friends, you are welcome.

Hu Yinger couldn't keep her mouth shut from ear to ear after watching this operation.

And Feng Zhenghao really had a black line on his forehead, thinking who is this, but no matter what, this matter has finally come to an end, and he can go back to work.

If Deacon Feng has nothing to do, we will leave first. We haven't eaten yet, and we are starving to death, Li Pingfan said.

Feng Zhenghao nodded and said, OK.

Young Master Zhang, we are leaving, you have to cultivate yourself, but you can rest assured that I will avenge you, after saying slap, he slapped Zhang Shaohuang on the face again.

Oh, I'm sorry, Young Master Zhang, I'm used to it, he can't control this hand, but as long as you behave yourself in the future, I think he can control it, Li Pingfan said jokingly to Zhang Shaohuang again.

Zhang Shaohuang had countless impulses to scold others, but his own life was still in his hands, so now he could only endure it.

After speaking, Li Fanfan took Hu Yinger and left here.


		