

Chapter 106

Seeing Limber

Li Pingfan slumped on the sofa chair in the restaurant after eating and drinking, feeling very uncomfortable.

In the past few days, this moment is the most comfortable moment for Li Pingfan. Too many things have happened in the past few days. It is rare to have a moment of leisure. Li Pingfan fell asleep unconsciously on the sofa .

After more than an hour, Lin Jiaqi got off work and came to Li Pingfan's side. Seeing Li Pingfan's sleeping state, he couldn't bother him. After a while, Li Pingfan opened his eyes and saw Lin Jiaqi Always guarding by his side.

After seeing Li Pingfan wake up, Lin Jiaqi asked, did you wake up? What have you been doing to look so tired.

Li Pingfan thought to himself, of course I am tired, I really came to Liangzhou after walking all night, he dare not take a car, otherwise his location will be found by the people of Shura Palace, and then he will have no peace.

Oh, it's okay, let's go, let's find a house.

Lin Jiaqi brought Li Pingfan to a house. The house has three bedrooms and two halls. It is a good place with the north and south transparent.

That's all, how much is it a month, Li Pingfan asked.

Are you rich, Lin Jiaqi said playfully.

Don't look down on me, there was indeed some reason for the previous time, I'm worth over 100 million now, okay?

Just brag, I don't believe it, if you were worth over 100 million, would you still eat the overlord's meal?

Hey, Li Pingfan scratched his head in embarrassment. There was a special reason at that time.

Let alone renting a house now, even buying it is not a problem.

Buy, do you know how much this is? At least three million yuan.

Hey, three million is just a small amount of money.

I think you are bragging and not afraid of leaking out your mouth.

Seeing that Lin Jiaqi didn't believe in him so much, Li Pingfan didn't say much.

Tell me, how much is this house, I will rent it for one year first.

Money, no need, I originally rented this house, and now my grandpa and I live here, and there was a room vacant just now, you can move in.

Ah, Li Pingfan looked a little surprised this time.

Well, I think, I'm still looking for a house.

Because Li Pingfan himself was being hunted down this time, if he lived with them, they would inevitably be involved, so Li Pingfan wanted to rent a house alone.

Why, disgusted, Lin Jiaqi said angrily, pouted.

There is no dislike, it is just some problems of oneself.

Ah, what's the matter?

Oh, nothing, by the way, did Grandpa Lin also come to Liangzhou? Li Pingfan didn't want to dwell on this topic anymore, so he quickly changed the topic.

Well, grandpa is here too.

Why is he here? Doesn't he like to stay by the sea?

Hey, Lin Jiaqi sighed.

What happened, speak up and see if I can help you.

Hey, don't talk about it, you can't help me if you think about it?

You have helped me so much, tell me, maybe I can help you? Besides, even if I can't help you, I still have friends.

Lin Jiaqi thought so, so she asked, Li Pingfan, do you know a good doctor?

Hearing the doctor, Li Pingfan instantly knew that Lin Bo must be sick.

I know, and the medical skills are definitely much better than ordinary doctors.

Really? Introduce me quickly.

Wait for me, you should at least talk about Grandpa Lin's physical condition first.

Um.

My grandfather only found out that he had cancer a month ago. The doctor said that his life is only half a year. If he chooses conservative treatment, he can live for another year and a half, but the cost of treatment is 30w , Grandpa didn’t want to put too much pressure on me, so he chose to give up the treatment. The reason why we came to Liangzhou is because grandma is from Liangzhou, and he wanted to come here to miss grandma.

Cancer, Li Pingfan knows about this disease, and there is obviously no better way to deal with this disease in this realm, and this disease is just that his own vitality is rapidly decaying. It's very simple to say, you only need to use aura to repair Lin Bo's whole body and restore his own vitality. Although this can't cure him, it can at least prolong his life. The reason why it can't be cured is that everyone's vitality in this realm is limited. Yes, as long as a certain time comes, you can only die of old age, which is also the natural law of this world.

Of course, if you are a practitioner, you can transcend the world, break through the shackles of life, and live for hundreds or even thousands of years.

I can cure this disease, Li Pingfan said.

What?

I can heal.

Lin Jiaqi thought there was something wrong with her ears, so she asked again, can you cure it?

Yes, I can heal.

Really?

Li Pingfan nodded.

you are a doctor?

Yes, I study at Binhai Medical University.

Binhai Medical University, that is a famous medical university.

how old are you Have you graduated?

Li Pingfan knew that she would ask these questions, so he said, if you believe me, you can let me try, and you can rest assured that I will never harm Grandpa Lin.

I know, I believe in you, don't know why, I believe in you.

Li Pingfan nodded.

At this moment, there was a sound of opening the door.

Grandpa is back, Lin Jiaqi said.

grandfather.

Jiaqi, why did you leave work so early today? What happened?

It's nothing Grandpa, today I met an acquaintance who is also the person you want to meet.

Ordinary friends here?

yes grandpa.

Grandpa Lin, long time no see, Li Pingfan went to the door to say hello to Lin Bo.

Ordinary friend, long time no see, okay, okay.

Wait for me to cook, and I will try Grandpa Lin's craft in a while.

All right, Grandpa Lin.

Jiaqi, you chat with the ordinary little friend first, and I will cook.

In less than an hour, the meal was ready and on the table.

Everyone ate happily.


		