

Chapter 118

occult, escape

Nalanjie is you again, why, you brought someone here this time, are you really planning to do something right with us? Wang Yao said.

Wang Yao, I said that as long as he is in Liangzhou, none of you can touch him.

Nalan Jie, do you really want to protect him? Are you really not afraid that the Nalan family will be implicated because of your decision? Are you not afraid of being exterminated? In the last few words, Wang Yao's tone became very sharp.

Nalan Jie didn't pay attention to Wang Yao's words, but walked to Li Pingfan's side and said softly.

Actually, I know that you are not from the Hidden World Family.

Li Pingfan looked at Nalan Jie and said.

Then why are you here to help me?

To be honest, I don't know why I still want to help you, but I said that I will never let you have an accident in Liangzhou, and I, Nalan Jie, will definitely do it.

Then aren't you afraid that the Nalan family will be wiped out?

They don't have the ability to destroy my Nalan family. I, Nalan Jie, have been in the world for decades, and I'm not just for nothing.

Li Pingfan looked at Nalan Jie and said, in fact, it doesn't need to be that troublesome.

Oh? What do you mean by that.

Li Pingfan looked around at the enemies around him, and gave Nalan Jie a look.

Nalanjie seemed to understand Li Fanfan's thoughts in an instant.

After that, Nalan Jie led the crowd to retreat to the direction where Wang Yao's combat power was weakest.

Seeing that Nalan Jie had understood what he meant, Li Pingfan secretly used a secret technique. It took a little longer to use this kind of secret technique, but this kind of secret technique could save Li Fanfan's life. He didn't have a chance to use it, but Nalan Jie came and bought him time.

Nalan Jie counts you as acquainted, haha, Wang Yao said with a smile.

Nalanjie didn't pay attention to Wang Yao, but just watched Li Fanfan silently. He knew what Li Fanfan meant, but he didn't know how Li Fanfan would escape, because the surrounding area was surrounded by water, unless he knew what Li Fanfan meant. Fly, otherwise there is no way to escape from here.

Seeing that Nalan Jie didn't pay attention to him, Wang Yao felt a little annoyed in his heart, so he said, Luo Geng, don't be dazed, and deal with him quickly, so as not to have long nights and dreams.

Luo Geng looked at Wang Yao and said, it's not your turn to tell me what to do, Luo Geng said to Wang Yao.

You, Wang Yao pointed to Luo Geng, and Deacon Li next to him saw this, and quickly comforted Wang Yao.

Elder Wang, there is no need to get angry with him. Our goal now is Li Pingfan. As long as he can help us solve Li Pingfan, Deacon Li didn't finish his sentence. Then he looked into Wang Yao's eyes and blinked.

Only now did Wang Yao feel relieved, Luo Geng, you have no brains, just obediently be our knife, Wang Yao said silently in his heart.

Boy, since Nalan Jie is planning to help you, I advise you to go ahead and capture you. I will bring you to Xiaoyu and kill you with my own hands, Luo Geng said through gritted teeth.

Li Pingfan just shook his head secretly.

Let's die, boy, Luo Geng attacked Li Pingfan.

Because Li Pingfan was running a secret technique, he couldn't fully exert his strength, but kept dodging.

Boy, weren't you quite arrogant just now? Why do you just hide now? Luo Geng said.

Li Pingfan didn't speak, but continued to avoid Luo Geng's attack, but it was not an option to dodge like this all the time, it was inevitable that he would be cornered and Luo Geng would punch him again.

This time I see where you are hiding, Luo Geng punched Li Pingfan again.

Haha, boy, go to hell.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan really couldn't dodge the punch, so he could only bite the bullet and take the punch.

When Li Pingfan's fist first touched Luo Geng's, there was only a sound of bone cracking, obviously it was Li Pingfan's arm being broken by Luo Geng.

Li Pingfan took out the silver needle and sealed his pain point very quickly, that is to say, Li Pingfan couldn't feel the pain during this period of time.

When everyone saw Li Pingfan's acupuncture technique, they were extremely shocked, especially Wang Yaoluogeng and others. They knew it if others didn't know it.

As far as Li Pingfan's method is concerned, even some famous doctors may not be able to do it.

Luo Geng sighed, the boy didn't realize that you are still a doctor, but it's a pity, you don't want to leave here alive today.

Li Pingfan didn't speak, and he didn't want to speak. His current attention was basically on operating the secret technique, so he didn't have much energy to reply to their conversation.

Soon, soon, Li Pingfan said silently in his heart.

Boy, I will kill you with this blow, Luo Geng said proudly.

After speaking, he struck again, punching Li Pingfan loudly, this punch was mixed with the sound of breaking the wind, this punch Luo Geng almost used all his strength to attack Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan looked at Nalan Jie, and Nalan Jie understood Li Pingfan's intentions at this moment, and then Nalan Jie quietly shook the people around him away, and then inadvertently gave way to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan also saw the right moment, and instantly used a secret technique to disappear in place.

All the people present were dumbfounded now.

Not only Wang Yao, Luo Geng, but even Nalan Jie was stunned. He didn't understand how Li Pingfan escaped, because the movement was so fast that he disappeared in the blink of an eye. None of the people saw how Li Pingfan escaped, and Li Pingfan's method was beyond the knowledge of all of them.

Nalan Jie was even more stupidly stunned. He said before that Li Pingfan was not from the Hidden Family, but now it seems that he may be stronger than the Hidden Family. Even people from the Hermit Family may not be able to do it.

At this moment, Li Pingfan had already fled dozens of miles away.

Li Pingfan dragged his seriously injured body and walked forward slowly.


		