

Chapter 150

reunion

Ah, no, Young Master Lu, I did what you told me to trouble them, so I just...

That's enough, get out, before Gou Rixin finished speaking, Lu Feng said.

Gou Rixin was also very helpless, but he still left here immediately.

Brother Fan, where are you going next, I will also go with you Su Haokai said.

I just came here today to have a look, and I will go back in a while, why, it seems that you are very free.

Su Haokai scratched his head and said, let's go, I'll go back with you.

And me, Huang Mao also shouted.

Go back to class, Li Pingfan said. After that, Li Pingfan left.

After Li Pingfan returned home, he started cooking.

Su Haokai, what are you guys doing with us? Li Mo said.

Hey, don't you want to go to the villa to see Brother Fan's medicinal herbs?

All right, we won't keep you for dinner, Li Mo said.

No need, no need, Su Haokai waved his hand to signal.

After a while, Li Mo, Hu Yinger, Lin Jiaqi, Yan Lu and Su Haokai returned to the villa.

The moment everyone opened the door, they could smell the aroma of rice wafting over?

Uh, who is cooking here, it smells so good. Li Mo said.

You are back, at this time Li Pingfan walked out of the house.

After seeing Li Pingfan, everyone stood there blankly.

Brother Pingfan, is that you? Hu Yinger asked.

Yes, Li Pingfan nodded.

In an instant, Hu Yinger ran towards Li Fanfan with tears in her eyes, and hugged Li Fanfan tightly.

Brother Pingfan, you said you were only away for a week, but your words don’t count. You’ve been away for so long, how are you doing outside? There was a hint of crying in Hu Yinger's speech.

Li Pingfan patted Hu Yinger on the shoulder.

Li Pingfan is really you, Lin Jiaqi said.

Li Mo also ran in front of Li Pingfan with tears in his eyes and asked.

How are you?

Well, it's pretty good, so I'm coming back now.

Alright, the meal is ready, let's come and eat.

Sure enough, the food you cooked was delicious, everyone said.

By the way, Brother Fan, where are your three friends today?

where they will live.

At this moment, the two white crystal tigers in the house also ran out and fell on Li Pingfan's shoulders, howling too.

Uh, Brother Pingfan, you brought these two big cats back? Hu Yinger asked.

They are white crystal tigers, and this time I came back to settle them.

Ah, tiger, everyone suddenly opened their eyes and looked at Li Pingfan.

Brother Fan, you said it was a tiger. Zhang Haokai asked.

Li Pingfan nodded.

You actually brought back two tigers, Brother Fan, you are so awesome.

Strictly speaking, they are white crystal tigers, and they can also cultivate. Their intelligence is far superior to those of ordinary beasts. They have several times the intelligence of ordinary beasts.

Moreover, their speed of practice is also extremely fast, and now both of them are capable of fighting the black-rank warriors in the secular world.

Wu Yanxia, ​​Yan Lu and Su Haokai stared at the two white crystal tigers when they heard that they could fight against Xuan-rank warriors. They couldn't believe that such a small tiger could beat Xuan-rank warriors.

As she said that, Wu Yanxia wanted to compete with them.

The two white crystal tigers seemed to sense Wu Yanxia's intentions, and ran up to Wu Yanxia, ​​sticking out their tongues provocatively.

Wait a minute, Li Mo stopped at this time.

What happened silently? Wu Yanxia asked.

Sister Xia, this place is too small to perform well, so go to the backyard to compete.

Wu Yanxia brought two white crystal tigers to the backyard.

The crowd also came, and Li Pingfan was struggling to clean up their leftovers.

Are you on together or?

The two white crystal tigers scrambled to be the first to fight Wu Yanxia.

Afterwards, one of them stepped forward to fight Wu Yanxia.

At this moment, Li Pingfan also found a problem. The two white crystal tigers don't have a name yet, because they look exactly the same. If there is no name, it will be too difficult to distinguish.

On the other hand, Wu Yanxia has already met Bai Jinghu.

I saw Bai Jinghu swooping forward, followed by a paw.

At the same time, Wu Yanxia punched hard to avoid Bai Jinghu's attack.

Wu Yanxia and Bai Jinghu each took a few steps back.

Really strong, Wu Yanxia muttered.

Wu Yanxia used the kung fu method, and her own strength increased again.

Wu Yanxia punched Bai Jinghu again.

Because Bai Jinghu was relatively short in stature, he easily dodged Wu Yanxia's blow.

Afterwards, a flying pounce directly hit Wu Yanxia.

Wu Yanxia hastily punched again to resist, but at this moment, Bai Jinghu did not meet Wu Yanxia's punch, but came to Wu Yanxia's side in a flash, and slapped it with a paw.

Wu Yanxia took advantage of the situation and kicked Bai Jinghu.

Bai Jinghu retreated dozens of steps after receiving this blow.

Bai Jinghu suffered a loss in one blow, so he gritted his teeth and prepared to attack again.

Wu Yanxia quickly waved her hands and said, no more fights, no more fights

This white crystal tiger's teeth were itching, and it gritted its teeth and looked at Wu Yanxia.

Afterwards, Su Haokai couldn't bear his skills, he stepped forward to challenge, and along with the yellow-haired Yan Lu, he and Su Haokai faced off against another white crystal tiger.

The scene fell into chaos again.

In the end, it ended in the defeat of the three of them. Su Haokai and Yan Lu sighed. They didn't expect that they couldn't even defeat a tiger cub, and they still faced a three-on-one match, and finally suffered a disastrous defeat.

And the victorious little white crystal tiger ran to the other white crystal tiger to rejoice.

Li Pingfan grabbed two white crystal tigers and said.

You have been with me for so long, and you don’t have a name yet. Today I will give you a name, and everyone should think about what to name them.

Seeing that they are covered in white hair, they might as well be called Xiaobai, Hu Yinger said.

Xiaobai is fine, but what about the other one? Li Pingfan returned.

The other one is Dabai, Hu Yinger said again.

Yinger, this is too casual, Li Mo said.

The two little guys seemed to feel it too, and curled their lips.

I think it's better to just call them Bai Yihu and Bai Erhu.

Everyone was dumbfounded.

I said Brother Fan, your name is not as good as Yinger's Xiaobai Dabai.

That's right, that's right, everyone agrees.

Li Pingfan, your name is not as good as Dahu, and Xiaohu, Lin Jiaqi said.

This is also fine, just use this name, from now on the two of you will be called Bai Dahu and Bai Xiaohu.


		