

Chapter Forty-Four

unexpected visitor

Drip, drip, drip.

Li Pingfan drove through the streets, and in less than an hour, Li Pingfan and Li Mo had arrived at the Li Family Villa.

This villa looks unusual from the outside. The design style is all built in the style of the ancient city. The status of the people living here is definitely not ordinary.

Let's go, we're here, Li Mo said something.

Li Pingfan parked the car and followed Li Mo.

Miss, how did you come back today?

Uncle Zhao, I brought a friend to show my grandfather how he is.

Hey, miss, the master has been in a coma for seven days.

Seven days, has Grandpa Huang been here?

Doctor Huang came to visit two days ago.

What did Grandpa Huang say?

Hey, he said, he said, if there is no expert to heal this month, then the master will...

Just anything, just say it.

You won't live until the beginning of next month.

Li Mo went limp in an instant, Li Pingfan had quick eyes and quick hands, he helped Li Mo up, and patted her on the shoulder to comfort her.

Thumping, Li Mo knelt down in front of Li Pingfan.

Please cure my grandpa, he is the one who loves me the most in the family, I don’t want grandpa to leave, I beg you, you must cure my grandpa, I beg you, Li Mo is kneeling The ground begged bitterly for this.

Even Li Pingfan didn't expect this move. What he didn't expect was that Tang Tang's daughter actually knelt down and begged for help. If this was seen by outsiders, it must be a piece of gossip.

Li Pingfan quickly helped Li Mo up, and comforted him in time: Don't worry, I will definitely try my best to cure your grandfather.

At this time, Uncle Zhao was also in a daze. Although the young lady often brought back doctors before, it was the first time he had seen this one like today. Could it be that the person in front of him really has his brilliance? No, I have to wait carefully, Uncle Zhao thought in his heart.

Miss, may I ask, who is this?

He is the doctor I invited to treat my grandfather. His name is Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan, this is the housekeeper of our Li family. We call him Uncle Zhao. Everything here is managed by Uncle Zhao. He has been in our Li family for more than 30 years.

After Li Mo's brief introduction, he led Li Pingfan into the inner courtyard of the villa.

Mom, aunt, elder sister, why are you here, where is grandpa, how is grandpa doing?

Silently, why are you back? Shouldn't you be at school?

Mom, I brought back a very powerful doctor today. Grandpa's illness will definitely get better, Li Mo said firmly.

Hey, good boy, thank you for your hard work. You have been looking for famous doctors in the past two years. Your grandpa will definitely remember your filial piety.

Mom, this is what I should do. Where is grandpa? How is grandpa? Are you awake?

Auntie, where is Grandpa? How is he.

Sister, tell me, where is Grandpa?

You guys are saying, the doctor I brought back this time will definitely be able to cure grandpa, you believe me, tell me quickly, where is grandpa now.

Mo Mo, your grandfather is dying, and I'm afraid he won't survive tonight.

What, I don't believe it, you are talking nonsense, Grandpa Huang said that Grandpa can survive until the end of this month.

Dad and uncle, where did they go?

Your father and uncle have gone to invite Huang Yaoshi.

Mom, aunt, big sister, you believe me, this friend of mine is very powerful this time, and he will definitely be able to cure grandpa.

After talking about Li Mo, he started to introduce Li Fanfan. After Li Mo's introduction, Li Fanfan also knew that Li Mo's mother was named Sumei, his aunt was named Sujin, and his sister was named Li Wei.

When he started to introduce Li Mo's sister, Li Pingfan was startled, and suddenly remembered something. Isn't this the granddaughter of the old man he treated when he first came to Binhai City? Could it be that Li Mo's grandfather is that old man? No, if it's that old man, after the injection, he will definitely not get sick again this month, but why he has been in a coma for seven days, and judging by everyone's appearance, he must not survive tonight.

At the same time, after Li Wei saw Li Pingfan, she seemed to have a very familiar feeling, but she didn't know who it was.

It's normal for Li Wei not to recognize Li Pingfan. After all, Li Pingfan changed his own bones and had a scar on his face. Even Lu Feng didn't see it, let alone Li Wei. The purpose of doing this is to hide yourself, and you are afraid of trouble. If you really let them recognize it, you will definitely be in trouble.

It's just that what Li Pingfan never expected was that he originally wanted to avoid Lu Feng, but he was self-defeating, and finally provoked Lu Feng. He suffered such a crime for nothing. Although he could recover at any time, Li Pingfan now I'm used to it, so I'm not going back.

Li Pingfan greeted several of them one by one. When he walked in front of Li Wei, Li Pingfan didn't have a good face. He just greeted and walked away. The people around were stunned, even Li Wei himself Somewhat unbelievable.

What's the situation, is it difficult for Li Wei to offend him?

The people around are all puzzled.

Wait a minute, have I offended you?

No.

So are you looking down on me? Do you know how many people...

Well sister, he is a friend I invited, don't be as knowledgeable as him, Li Mo comforted me.

Please someone take me to see the patient.

Li Pingfan was a little impatient, because he also wanted to know the reason, why he fell ill early.

No, what if he is a spy sent by the Lu family?

Sister, he is not, you must believe me.

So who knows? Don't be afraid of ten thousand, just in case.

Sister, I guarantee with my life that he is definitely not a spy sent by the Lu family.

Sister, you don't know what tricks the Lu family can't use. If he deceives you with his hidden depths, that's not sure. Think about our brother, the Lu family doesn't have a good thing.

It is true that there are no good people in the Lu family, but he was definitely not sent by the Lu family.

Yo, yo, yo, who is it, who said that there are no good people in the Lu family?

At this time, a piercing sound came to everyone's ears.


		