

Chapter 141

open

I, Luo Geng, have worked hard for the Raksha Temple for decades. In the end, even my own son will be murdered by the villains in the hall. Hahahaha, Luo Geng laughed to himself.

Luo Geng, make it clear who killed your child.

Deputy Palace Master, Luo Geng thank you for taking care of me for so many years, if it wasn't for you, I would have been assassinated by villains a few years ago, Luo Geng bowed and bowed to express his gratitude.

After that, Luo Geng pointed to some people in Shura Hall, and then pointed to an old man in Raksha Hall and said, I, Luo Geng, swear here that one day, I, Luo Geng, will avenge my son.

Deputy Palace Master Zhao turned his head to look at the old man on the side.

Seeing this, the old man hurriedly said, deputy hall master, you can't listen to a traitor's nonsense, Luo Geng is spitting blood, and I have never done anything to hurt his child.

Luo Geng has been with me for five years, and I know what he is like.

The old man was so frightened that he fell to his knees and continued to beg for injustice.

As he said that, the deputy hall master was about to slap the old man kneeling on the ground to death.

A person beside the deputy hall master said.

Vice-Hallmaster, this person belongs to Vice-Hallmaster Liu, if he is killed, I'm afraid it will be difficult to explain.

Confession, who will give Luo Geng an explanation?

Deputy Hall Master, this matter is not yet clear, why don't we spare his life first, and hand it over to the Hall Master after the matter is found out.

Hahahaha, Deputy Palace Master Zhao laughed out loud. Sure enough, Luo Geng, your choice was correct, and then Deputy Palace Master Zhao shouted loudly.

Today, I, Zhao Ziyuan, expelled Luo Geng from the Raksha Temple. From now on, Luo Geng will have nothing to do with my Raksha Hall.

Luo Geng thanked Luo Geng again, this is the greatest protection for Luo Geng, otherwise, if it is a traitor, the Raksha Temple will hunt him down forever, pointing to beheading him, this is what Zhao Ziyuan does not want to see of.

After Luo Geng's incident ended, everyone on the field once again aimed at Li Pingfan.

Who are you, kid, if you dare to snatch our things, you will die, Wang Bolin said.

Listen carefully, my name is Li Pingfan, and this is not your thing, this is my friend. If you want to touch my friend, don't ask me if I agree.

At this moment, a person from Qixiamen recognized Li Pingfan, and ran to the elder and muttered a few words.

What, is he the one from a while ago?

Yes, how did you check the job that the sect master asked you to do? Is he from there?

Well, I have inquired about it in many ways, and I only know that no one was born there, so I concluded that he should not be a person there.

That's good, Liu Ran said.

After listening to Li Pingfan's words, everyone also understood why Li Pingfan was sitting on Bai Jinghu's body.

Friend, since he is your friend, how about I invite you and your friend to my Wuxin Pavilion as guests, Yu Xiaorou said.

I don't think it is necessary to be a guest. We are in a hurry, and we will definitely go when we have time.

This is beyond your control, Yu Xiaorou grabbed the air with his big hand, and countless dust rose up, and in an instant, it turned into a big knife and slashed at Li Pingfan.

Just as Li Pingfan was about to make a move, Meng Jianping, who was at the side, punched out, and the big knife dissipated.

Just let me deal with this little friend, Meng Jianping said.

It's you again, old man, I used to rely on the large number of people, and it was not easy for my mother to kill you, but now you are alone, I can easily kill you, Yu Xiaorou said.

Hmph, it's not that easy to kill the old man.

As they spoke, the two began to wrestle, seeing that Meng Jianping was retreating steadily.

Nalan Jie shouted, Mr. Meng, I will help you.

Boy, hand them over and I will spare you, Liu Ran said.

You are thinking about farts, Li Pingfan returned domineeringly.

Suffer, Liu Ran also attacked Li Pingfan.

At this time, Wu Zhiguo, who was beside Li Pingfan, also blocked the attack.

Judging from Wu Zhiguo's attack, Wu Zhiguo has changed his skills. Although his current strength is still in the late stage of the earth, some of his sequelae are intact, and he can fight with ease. But in the face of absolute strength, Wu Zhiguo Also losing ground.

Luo Geng on the side also joined in the battle against Liu Ran.

Boy, there is no one around you now, let me see how you can resist us, the remaining two half-hidden people said.

Two clowns who can only talk big.

Talk big, kid suffers.

As he spoke, he punched Li Pingfan.

Just an inch behind Li Pingfan in this punch, Li Pingfan moved, and came behind him in a flash, and slapped out with his palm.

Seeing that the situation was not right, the people who attacked Li Pingfan escaped Li Pingfan's attack with the same flash application.

The previous battle was too exhausting, boy, if it was my peak moment, I could crush you to death with one hand.

Li Pingfan believes that the opponent is indeed much stronger than himself. If they hadn't consumed too much physical strength in the previous battle, Li Pingfan would not have dared to show up to rescue the Bai Jinghu couple.

But there are not so many things. If Li Pingfan is in his heyday now, he has a chance to kill him for a sky-rank warrior who consumes a lot of energy.

Brother Wang, are you still here to help?

Only then did Wang Bolin react.

The two teamed up to attack Li Pingfan.

At this moment, Bai Jinghu roared and rushed towards the two who were attacking Li Pingfan.

For a time, three battlefields appeared on the scene. As for the rest, because most of them were injured and it was inconvenient to join the battle, they all retreated to the side to rest and watch the battle.

The two beasts dared to fight us, looking for death, Wang Bailin and Wu Zhang attacked the male Bai Jinghu at the same time.

Li Pingfan punched and attacked from the side.

In this way, the two attacked over and over again, and Li Pingfan was on the side to defuse the attacks of the two over and over again.

Li Pingfan knew that the physical strength of the two white crystal tigers was exhausted.

Li Pingfan took the two beasts aside to rest, and gave them a few needles by the way.

These few stitches mobilized the spiritual energy of the heaven and earth to nourish their bodies, and the lost physical strength was gradually restored.

And Li Pingfan stood in front of Wang Bolin and the fifth elder and said, "Next, I will meet you myself.


		