

Chapter 116

millennia of evolution

Nalan Jie looked at Li Pingfan's eyes even more surprised. What he didn't expect was that the young man in front of him could even tell whether these exercises were real. The most important thing was that he didn't I didn't open any of these exercises.

How do you know that these books are all true? Nalan Jie also wanted to know how Li Pingfan saw it, so he asked.

Based on feeling, Li Pingfan said.

Oh? What do you think.

At first, I also thought that you put so many exercises to prevent outsiders from stealing them, but when I walked in from the door of Nalan's house, I saw that Nalan's house was very well-guarded, unless it was stolen by your own family. If others wanted to enter Nalan's house, it would be very difficult for them to enter without an invitation.

Thinking of this, I thought that since it is not for the purpose of preventing theft, are the previous exercises all true?

After listening to Li Pingfan's words, Nalan Jie believed it a little bit.

In fact, this is also a reason why Li Pingfan said it casually. Li Pingfan can see it because he can feel the surge of spiritual power from the previous few exercises. It is a practice hundreds or even thousands of years ago, presumably the aura of heaven and earth at that time should be very abundant.

Ordinary friend, your feeling is correct. The previous few books are indeed true, but they are no longer suitable for practicing now. Presumably you also know that when our warriors practice to the peak of the late Xuan stage, if we want Furthermore, one must use exercises to absorb some kind of material energy between the heaven and the earth, so as to continue to improve one's own strength.

So is there anyone who has practiced kung fu, he may stay at the peak of the late stage of the mysterious rank forever in his life, and a person who has practiced kung fu can absorb some kind of material energy between the heaven and the earth to break through his own limit , to reach the strength of the earth level, and it is very difficult to improve one's own strength above the earth level. It is also quite difficult to break through to the heavenly rank.

To be honest, I have been stuck at the peak of the late stage of the earth stage for ten years, and I have not directly touched the barrier of the sky stage. Maybe I will not be able to reach the sky stage in this life, so my Nalan family can only see if Yu'er can break through Then to the barrier.

And these previous exercises have evolved over thousands of years. Starting from this book, Nalan Jie pointed to the first Hunyuan exercise and said.

This is the first book created by the founding father of my Nalan family thousands of years ago. It is recorded in the family history. At that time, my Nalan family was also very beautiful.

This is the second book, and this one has been edited by the fourth generation of family patriarchs after more than 200 years.

This is the third book, which was changed by the 7th generation patriarch of my family.

This is the tenth generation, this is the twelfth generation, this is the fifteenth generation.

This is the seventeenth generation, that is, my grandfather, Nalan Jie said, pointing to the last one.

This small exercise has evolved through thousands of years, and it has achieved the present Huntian exercise.

Do you still remember the secret technique that Yuer used in the Martial Arts Conference? It is from this last book of Huntian Kung Fu.

Are you talking about Nalan Yu making a fake technique? Li Pingfan asked deliberately.

Nalanjie felt that this name was very strange.

Oh? What is pseudo-art? Nalan Jie asked puzzledly.

The false technique is the trick that Nalan Yu used in the Martial Arts Conference before. In a short period of time, his strength and speed are increased several times, but the time is limited, and the increased power is also limited. This is the false technique.

If you say that, yours is the true technique? Nalanjie asked.

No, mine is called Wind Control, and the principle is the same as yours, except that I can control time, speed and power, Li Pingfan said truthfully.

Wind control technique, I don't think this kind of technique should appear in this secular world, Nalan Jie said.

Yes, Li Pingfan said without the slightest concealment.

That being the case, why do you use it, or in other words, who are you, probably from the Hermit Family, Nalan Jie looked at Li Pingfan in disbelief and said.

This is the first time Li Pingfan has heard of the hermit family.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, since you already know, I hope Patriarch Nalan will not tell me about me. Li Pingfan looked at Nalan Jie firmly and said.

Ordinary friends, you can rest assured that I, Nalan Jie, will never reveal half of our secret conversation in this room today.

Li Pingfan also nodded in satisfaction, and said, since you already know what you want to know, and I have got the answer I need, I think it's time for me to leave here, Li Pingfan said.

Nalan Jie had already asked the answer he wanted, so if Li Pingfan wanted to leave, it was inconvenient for him to force him to stay.

I'll send someone to take you off.

Thank you Patriarch Nalan for your kindness, but there is no need, your sending someone to send me off is too ambitious, and it is easy to be found by the people in the Shura Palace, so I think I should leave by myself.

Nalan Jie thought about it, maybe it was because the information volume passage just forgot that the young man in front of him was being chased and killed. Now that he thinks about it, it is indeed as he said, shooting someone to send him off, the target is too big, and it is easy to be found .

That being the case, then I won't send it off, there just happens to be a secret passage in my Nalan's house, I will take you there now, Nalan Jie said.

Li Pingfan did not refuse, and followed Nalan Jie to the entrance of the secret road. Nalan Jie took Li Pingfan in, and after a while, Li Pingfan appeared on a broad road.

Seeing the cars speeding by the side of the road, Li Pingfan remembered the scene when he first came to this star field, and remembered how he chased the car after going down the mountain, Li Pingfan also smiled awkwardly.

Hey, sir, I see you have been standing here for a long time, where are you going? At this moment, a taxi stopped beside Li Pingfan and asked.

Well, I want Jiujiang, do you want to go?

Jiujiang, it will take more than 100 kilometers, and the fare will be 300. Sir, do you want to go?

Yes, Li Pingfan can get in the car and leave here.


		