

Chapter Fifty-Four

squeezed four eyes

By the way, what about Su Haokai, why isn't he with you?

Hey, he, he came home just two days after you moved out, and he hasn’t come to school yet, and I don’t know what happened, but he seemed a little anxious when he left. Didn't say anything.

A few people chatted and walked into a small restaurant.

There are four eyes.

Hey, he, he is still the same as before, busy studying all day long, after all, he is a top student.

After the three of them finished eating, they looked at the time and wandered around again. At the same time, the three of them were talking about their experiences during this period.

At the same time, there is a man with eyes on the street of traditional Chinese medicine who is familiar with the medicine and pharmacology of each herb, and this man is also the four eyes.

Whoops, who is this? Isn't this my four-eyed brother? I asked you to help me with my homework. Have you finished it? You dare to come out and wander around.

Brother Zhao Kuo, I've finished, replied with trembling eyes.

Oh? So fast, it shouldn’t be, it shouldn’t be so fast, how many people did you write about?

This sentence directly made the four eyes speechless, and I hated my cowardice very much in my heart, but I really have no strength to compare with these young masters. It can be said that they can pinch me to death with a simple movement of their fingers. , like ants.

Brother Zhao, I wrote about you alone.

What, just write mine? Do you treat my brothers as human beings? It seems that I can't keep you. Four-eyed brother, you just write about me, and my brothers don't agree.

After finishing speaking, Zhao Kuo waved his hand, and the people around Zhao Kuo instantly understood the meaning, and all of them walked towards the four eyes eagerly.

Oops, you guys have to treat our four-eyed brother well, and you have to be gentle. If you break it, no one will help us with our homework, Zhao Kuo said from the side.

Everyone also responded.

Don't worry, Brother Kuo, we will definitely hit him softly, and we will hit him as soon as we say so.

Wait a minute, brothers, I will also help you with your homework.

Stop, hey, four-eyed brother, can you see if you are already like this? Get up and count how many people are here.

Four Eyes quickly stood up and counted.

After a while, Four Eyes said, 12 people.

Zhao Kuo said with a smile, Brother Four Eyes, I think you counted wrongly, do you want to count again.

Brother Kuo, that's 12 people, I didn't count wrong.

Hahaha, he said he was right, Zhao Kuo said with a smile to the people around him.

At the same time, the people around also laughed flatteringly.

Four-eyed brother, I think you made a mistake, not just a few of them, but all the students from the Medical University of Chinese Medicine Street.

What, Brother Kuo, you are going too far.

Am I overdoing it? Everyone says I'm too much?

The people around responded, not too much, certainly not too much.

You see, they all say that I am not too much.

How about this, if anyone present says that this request is too much, then I, Zhao Kuo, swear that I will never ask you to help me with my homework again.

Did you ask anyone present?

At this time, Li Pingfan and the other three were also watching this farce, but Huang Mao beside him was a little impatient. He just wanted to speak, but was pressed down by Li Pingfan. They are all a little puzzled.

Brother Fan, what are you doing? Aren't you ready to help Four Eyes?

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, can you help him for a while, can you help him forever? If he doesn't learn to resist these people by himself, then it's considered that you helped him this time? What about next time, next time? You can't always be by his side, so if he wants to grow, the first step is to learn to resist.

If he resists these people today, then I will help him. If he still swallows his anger, then... Li Pingfan didn't continue to talk, but the two of them knew it well.

Haha, four-eyed brother, look around and no one says that this is too much to ask, so, hurry up and count, and leave early after counting.

Li Pingfan gave Huang Mao a look, and Huang Mao also understood the meaning from it.

You haven't asked yet, so hurry up and ask.

At this moment, there was a loud shout, and everyone turned their heads to look around, but they didn't know who made the sound.

Only then did the people around realize that the person they surrounded had indeed not asked yet.

Four-eyed brother gives you another chance, hurry up and ask, if you don't ask, then you have to start counting.

Four eyes estimated courage, and said in an extremely slight tone, is this request too much?

Haha, four-eyed brother, what are you talking about? Who can hear this voice.

The people around also roared with laughter.

Give you another chance, if you don't say it, you will start counting.

Is this asking too much? This time, the voice of the four eyes was so loud that almost everyone could hear it.

It's just that after two minutes, no one around dared to speak.

Look at the four-eyed brother, they don't think it's too much, so you should start counting.

Just when the four eyes began to despair, a piercing voice reached Zhao Kuo's ears.

I think this request is excessive.

Everyone looked directly at the place where they were talking. The person who spoke was a young student who looked like a student from a medical university. He was also very thin and not at all imposing.

Zhao Kuo smiled and motioned to his follower to teach him a lesson. After another two minutes, Zhao Kuo's people came to Siyan with the person who had spoken before.

Zhao Kuo asked, let me ask again, do you really think this request is too much?

It was very quiet for these two minutes, and the sound of breathing could be faintly heard.

Excessive, spit out the two words, making Zhao Kuo's face even uglier.

It seems that you are a tough guy, keep pulling it down and help him well.

Alright, bro.

stop.

At this moment, Siyan spoke, and when people around looked at Siyan, it seemed that there was something extra in Siyan's eyes.

Zhao Kuo, you are really going too far, let him go, come to me for something, and said firmly with four eyes.

Oops, this is about to rise. What, you want to resist now? It's a pity, it's a pity that it's too late.

Do you think it's possible for me to let him go? Not only will I not let him go, even you have to be like him. Don't worry, my Zhao family can afford the medical expenses.

I asked you to let him go, and said with four fierce eyes.

Haha, Zhao Kuo just kicked him four times, and said, I just won't let you go, if you have the guts, get up and hit me.

Four Eyes stood up angrily, and rushed straight to Zhao Kuo, but before reaching Zhao Kuo, Four Eyes was held back by Zhao Kuo's follower, Zhao Kuo kicked again, thinking about Four Eyes' belly, Another punch hit Siyan's chest.

Brothers, help me take care of Brother Four Eyes, and I will cut off his sons and grandchildren.

Alright, Brother Kuo, just come, Zhao Kuo's attendant responded.

Zhao Kuo also put on a full posture and kicked four eyes directly. At the moment of kicking four eyes, Zhao Kuo's leg seemed to be clamped by a big pliers, unable to move.

My friend, you are really going too far.


		