

Chapter Forty

spiritual soil

Boy, what do you want, Auntie will give you free.

Li Pingfan waved his hand, indicating that he was just looking.

After that, the aunt ran over and knelt in front of Li Pingfan, thanking her all the time.

Only then did Li Pingfan remember that this is the mother of the girl who was bullied yesterday.

Li Pingfan slowly helped up the aunt who was kneeling on the ground in front of him.

Auntie, you don't have to be so polite.

Young man, my surname is Zhao, and you will call me Aunt Zhao from now on. Don't worry, I will send you any medicinal materials you need in the future.

Li Pingfan quickly waved his hand and said, no need for Aunt Zhao, your daughter and I are also friends, so we should do a little favor.

At this moment, a girl appeared in front of Li Pingfan, who was the girl who was bullied yesterday.

Xiaoxue, why are you here? Didn't I tell you to rest at home?

Mom, I'm fine, I'm here to help you.

Xiaoxue looked at Li Pingfan and pulled him aside.

Is what you just said true? Am I your friend?

In fact, I know that you are not here to save me, you are here for Yinger.

Li Pingfan scratched the back of his head in embarrassment, and did not explain too much, because he was originally for Hu Yinger. If Hu Yinger hadn't joined yesterday, Li Pingfan would never have taken care of such nosy matters.

Since you and her are friends, if there is anything in the future, I can also help.

Really? Thank you, you can do it. . .

I still didn't say the last few words, and then ran to my mother's side.

Li Pingfan also followed back to the booth, took two beads of herbs, and left.

Aunt Zhao also understood what Li Pingfan meant. He had helped her so much. In order not to burden herself, he took away two beads of medicinal herbs, so that her burden would be greatly reduced.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan at this time had already returned to the stall where he bought Ju Lingcao, and the boss at this time also returned to the stall on a tricycle.

Li Pingfan looked at the tricycle, and there were exactly ten pots of spirit-gathering grass. At this time, Li Pingfan's heart was already extremely excited.

At this moment, another item on the tricycle caught Li Pingfan's attention. It was a sack, and Li Pingfan felt a very strong aura of heaven and earth from this sack.

Li Pingfan stepped forward and touched the sack.

Stall owner, what's in here, Li Pingfan asked.

Oh, that's filled with dirt.

Soil, could it be, spiritual soil? Li Pingfan looked blank.

Because Li Pingfan knows that the spiritual energy of Juling grass planted on ordinary soil will be exhausted sooner or later. If it is planted on spiritual soil, the spiritual energy will continue to flow and grow endlessly. Incomparably powerful.

Stall owner, is this soil for sale?

The stall owner is confused, what do you mean, is this soil also a treasure? The stall owner also couldn't understand why this young man was so eager to ask for something that no one else wanted.

Boy, what do you want this soil for?

Oh, there is a vacant lot at home that just needs some soil. You can see if your soil is for sale. If you sell it, I don’t have to run around anymore, Li Pingfan said.

Of course this is for sale.

Then you calculate how much it is in total.

Well, this adds up to 30,000.

Yes, Li Pingfan gave the money to the stall owner.

You can ride this car, young man, and just bring it to me after you use it up.

Li Pingfan nodded, because he really needed this car, and it would take a lot of work if he didn't want to take it all.

In this way, Li Pingfan left the Traditional Chinese Medicine Street on a tricycle.

At the same time, there were two beauties downstairs in the boys' dormitory, one was Yan Lu, and the other was Li Mo.

At this time, Su Haokai ran out from upstairs in a panic.

Hey, Miss Yan Lu, Brother Fan is really not here. He went out last night and didn't come back.

Silently, why are you here? Did you come to see me? Su Haokai said.

Li Mo gave him a white look and said, I'm here to find Li Pingfan, please go and call him.

Momo, it’s not that I didn’t call him, it’s that he’s really not in the dormitory, he still went out with Yan Lu yesterday, and he hasn’t come back yet.

Yan Lu, I'm going to ask you, what did you guys do to my brother Fan? If something happens to my brother Fan, I, Su Haokai, will never let you go.

Su Haokai, do you dare to threaten me? Threats are the last thing I am afraid of, let me do whatever you want, I am not afraid of you.

While several people were confronting each other, several people were discussing beside them.

See if that is the belle of University Li.

Wait, I'll take a look, I'll go, this is indeed Li Mo's school beauty.

Wow, this is big news. The school belle who is rarely seen in normal times is actually at the entrance of the boys' dormitory today. Could it be her? . .

Shhh, don't say it out loud, be careful that Young Master Lu will trouble you. His companion made a silent gesture.

Look at the school forum, someone has already posted a photo of the school belle downstairs in the boys' dormitory on the forum, and there are people talking about it.

After the photos were posted on the forum, within a short while, the downstairs of the boys' dormitory was already full of people.

Oh, look, is that Professor Feng?

It was Professor Feng. I didn't expect him to come, and everyone around was talking about it.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan was riding a tricycle, and he was still thinking about where so many spirit-gathering grasses should be placed, and he was still thinking about whether to rent a house to put these spirit-gathering grasses.

After all, the place to place the spirit-gathering grass in the dormitory is too small, it is not easy to place it, and it cannot be formed into a formation.

Therefore, Li Pingfan had to go out and rent a house big enough to arrange his spirit-gathering grass. Only in this way could he practice quickly and break through to the third level of Qi training faster.

Li Pingfan was thinking in his heart, when he saw that there were all people in front of him, what happened when I went there, so the dormitory is full of people, is there anything new? Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Hey, brother, did something happen earlier? Why are there so many people.

Brother don't you know? The forums are going crazy, Li Mo Xiaohua is actually waiting for someone downstairs in the boys' dormitory, everyone is wondering who she is waiting for.

Li Mo must have come to look for him. Looking at the current situation, it is impossible to go back to the dormitory. Why not take this time to find a house, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Li Pingfan quietly left here on a tricycle.


		