

Chapter Forty-Nine

six years of life

Ordinary friend, I heard from my granddaughter that you saved me twice, and my Li family will never forget your kindness. If there is any need for my Li family in the future, my Li family will definitely help with all my strength.

Li Pingfan nodded, didn't say much, just walked to Li Yao's bed, and went to check Li Yao's pulse.

At this moment, everyone in the Li family also held their breath. Although they knew that Mr. Li was probably fine, they still felt a little unsteady after hearing the news of his complete recovery.

Not long after, Li Pingfan left Li Yao's bed, and everyone in the Li family immediately questioned him.

How is my father, little brother.

Li Pingfan, how is my grandfather?

Um, um, is my grandfather cured? Li Wei said with some embarrassment.

Mr. Li, your body has recovered, and Li Pingfan paused here, it's just that.

Everyone in the Li family was overjoyed after hearing this.

Just what? Li Wei heard the second half of what Li Pingfan said.

Only then did everyone in the Li family come to their senses, and the originally joyous atmosphere became somewhat heavy.

It's just that Mr. Li only has 6 years left to live.

What? Little brother, what do you mean by that.

The old man was very poisoned. I used the thirty-six needles of Yin and Yang to save the old man’s life. You may not know the thirty-six needles of Yin and Yang, but Dr. Huang must know the needles. Li Pingfan looked at Huang. Physician, you must have heard what Dr. Huang said about one shot for longevity, one shot for death, one shot for life and death, and one shot for yang. The advantage of yang is that it can heal those dying people and renew their lives, but the life extension is also determined according to each person's physical endurance. Of course, there are good and bad. I think you should also know that dying A person has no vitality. To save them, he must mobilize all his own vitality to heal his body. Only in this way can he save his life. This kind of treatment is also harmful to the patient himself. He needs to mobilize the vitality of every part of his body to continue his life. , Of course, if it continues like this, one day it will be exhausted, so when all the vitality of the patient is exhausted, it will also be the time of death.

The reason why Mr. Li still has six years to live is because Mr. Li himself is from a medical family, and his body vitality is different from that of ordinary people, so Mr. Li still has at most six years to live.

Will people from ordinary families live longer if they are treated? Li Wei spoke first.

This is not the case. As I said before, this is determined according to each person's body. Some people may only live for a few months after being killed, and some will have a life span of three years. Li Pingfan actually He also wanted to say that some people would get longevity, but Li Pingfan didn't say much, because Li Pingfan knew that it was absurd to talk about longevity in this star field.

Then my grandpa...

Haha, Weiwei, there is no need to say any more, I was originally a dying person, and now an ordinary little friend is treating me, and my time has continued for another six years. What is not enough?

Since there are still six years left, then I can guard the Li family for six years, and after six years you can take over my position. Li Yao has behaved quite freely.

Seeing Li Yao's current expression, everyone in the Li family felt a little bitter in their hearts.

only.

Another voice came to everyone's ears.

I said little brother, can you finish the sentence in one breath, we are shocked by this, Li Wei's father said.

There is a cure, but it's too difficult. Li Pingfan shook his head.

Little brother, what do you think we can do, no matter whether it is going up the mountain of swords or going down into the sea of ​​fire, we will definitely do it.

Li Pingfan shook his head and sighed, let's talk about it in six years.

Okay, don't ask any more questions. I think ordinary friends have their own judgments. You should all leave. Now that I have recovered, you don't need to accompany me anymore. Let's all leave.

When everyone dispersed, Li Yao stopped Li Fanfan.

Li Yao knelt down suddenly, but at the moment when Li Yao's legs were about to fall to the ground, Li Pingfan helped Li Yao up.

There is no need for Mr. Li.

Lee Kuan Yew

A little dazed, from the moment just now Lee Kuan Yew felt like he was picked up like a chick being caught. From this moment, Lee Kuan Yew knew that the person in front of him was far from being as simple as it appeared on the surface, and that this person could only be a friend. Not to be hostile, Lee Kuan Yew's determination to befriend the young man in front of him became more firm in this moment.

Li Yao nodded and said, since the ordinary little friend is like this, then I'm not polite, if you don't mind, you can call me Grandpa Li.

Li Pingfan was a little upset when he heard it, thinking, I treat you as a patient, but you are going to be my grandfather. He is also in his sixties. According to the seniority here, it is really necessary to call him grandpa, but if they know Li Pingfan's experience, he will not let Li Pingfan call him grandpa anymore, but since he has come to the new Star field, then Li Pingfan can only let nature take its course, after all, it can only be like this when he comes to a new place.

Okay, then I will trouble Grandpa Li from now on.

Haha, okay, Li Yao patted Li Pingfan on the shoulder.

By the way, Grandpa Li, do you still know how you were poisoned? Li Pingfan asked suddenly.

Li Pingfan is very puzzled by the poison in Li Yao's poison. This kind of poison is very rare, and it is definitely not something that ordinary people can have. Moreover, it is a kind of blended poison, and it is absolutely impossible to have this kind of poison in the wild, so Li Pingfan concluded that , Li Yao was poisoned.

I really don't know about this. At that time, I was still a little puzzled, why my body was not getting better day by day. I was originally from a medical family, so I was very cautious about this kind of physical feeling. I didn't know until I went for a checkup. I have been poisoned for a week.

Li Pingfan nodded and stopped thinking about these things.

Oh, by the way, ordinary little friend, you are married.

Li Pingfan was speechless for a while.


		