

Chapter 165

fight again

Hahahahahaha, hahahahaha, hahahahaha, Li Pingfan laughed, if you want to fight, then fight, fight, fight.

This person is so tenacious and persistent, if he cannot become a friend, he must be destroyed, otherwise there will be endless troubles, the fourth elder said softly.

Fourth brother, with what we are doing now, I am afraid we will not be able to be friends.

Then destroy it, you should know how to do it.

Several people nodded one after another.

Boy, remember this name, Zhou Wu.

Hahahahahahahaha, you are not worthy.

Remember it well, because I will kill you, otherwise how will the next life seek revenge from me.

Hahahahahaha, if you want to kill me, you are not qualified enough, Li Pingfan said as if he was a god.

Well, then you are going to die.

Zhou Wu raised his hand and flashed lightly. As soon as the hurricane hit, Zhou Wu punched out. With the blessing of the hurricane, Zhou Wu's speed was extremely fast. In just an instant, Zhou Wu's fist had already come to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan punched out at the same time.

Boom, Li Pingfan was sent back dozens of steps.

Half a step into the sky, Li Pingfan showed a look of disbelief, this person has already stepped into the sky with one foot, Li Pingfan knew that he was not his opponent at all.

If it was his heyday, he could compete with him one or two times, but he has already experienced two battles today, and his aura is not much left, so it is impossible to defeat Zhou Wu in his heyday now.

Haha, kid, it's too late for you to regret it now, go to hell.

Zhou Wu slapped out a palm, and a big hand appeared above the sky, pressing down on Li Pingfan.

Such a powerful coercion, some people around could no longer resist and knelt down on the ground one after another.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan, who was on the stage, used his skills and mobilized his whole body's aura to resist Zhou Wu's coercion with difficulty.

Kneel down for me, and the surroundings said coldly.

Hmph, don't even think about it, Li Pingfan said through gritted teeth.

Hahaha, Zhou Wu raised his pressure again.

Li Pingfan's ability to bear at this moment has reached a critical point.

Kneel down for me, Zhou Wu said coldly.

Li Pingfan's legs are a little bent at the moment, and it seems that Li Pingfan will not be able to hold on anymore.

Boom, Liu Shihuan and Wang Zekun helped Li Pingfan at this moment, and Li Pingfan felt relieved.

You Qixiamen are deceiving people too much, Liu Shihuan said.

Hahahahahaha, you can also challenge me, I accept your challenge, Zhou Wu said arrogantly.

I challenge you, Wang Zekun said.

And me, Liu Shihuan also said right now.

OK, you three go together.

Wang Zekun immediately attacked Zhou Wu.

Boom, Wang Zekun punched out, and the spiritual energy all over his body gushed out instantly, blasting towards Zhou Wu.

Wang Zekun's first move was a killer move.

Liu Shihuan followed closely behind and punched out at the same time.

It is also a killer move.

Zhou Wu looked at the two attacking people indifferently, they were just ants.

Zhou Wu punched the two of them.

Bang, the moment their fists touched, Wang Zekun and Liu Shihuan were instantly shocked back a few steps.

So strong, the two said together.

The palm wind technique, Liu Shihuan, used the palm wind technique, and came behind Zhou Wu in an instant, and Wang Zekun seemed to understand Liu Shihuan's attack intention, without any hesitation, he grabbed me with a big hand, and a big hand appeared around Zhou Wu. Zhou Wu.

Hahaha, I said it's just ants.

Break it for me, Zhou Wu yelled, shaking the two of them out of the ring in an instant.

The two didn't dare to have any hesitation, and continued to attack Zhou Wu.

But at this moment, Li Pingfan was sitting cross-legged, using exercises to restore his aura, but this was just a drop in the bucket, and it couldn't make up for the aura he had consumed before.

Time passed by bit by bit. Ten minutes later, Liu Shihuan and Wang Zekun were beaten to the ground. They were just about to stand up and fight again. At this time, Li Pingfan slowly opened his eyes and walked to the side of the two.

Thank you for your help, you go down and rest for a while, Li Pingfan said lightly.

The three of us shot together, he may not be our opponent, Liu Shihuan said.

That's right, brother Li, let's fight together, I believe he can't do it either.

Thanks, but this is my thing and I want to figure it out myself.

The two looked at Li Pingfan at the same time, and then looked at each other again.

Li Pingfan nodded to them.

Brother Li, don't try to be brave, Wang Zekun said.

Then the two walked off the ring.

Li Pingfan, hahahaha, the three of you may still have some chances of winning, but now you are alone, you don’t really think that you can defeat me alone, hahahaha, Zhou Wuwu said.

How will you know if you don't try.

Hahahahaha, Li Pingfan, you can really laugh me to death, how embarrassed you were before, have you forgotten?

It's your turn.

Well, let me wait and see, hahaha.

Li Pingfan shot in an instant, pointed out, and then Li Pingfan punched out.

Boom, Zhou Wu waved his big hand, and the spiritual energy in his body gushed out instantly, turning into ice spikes and attacking Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique to dodge quickly, and then pointed out.

An ice spike attacked Zhou Wu at the same time.

Haha, don't make such a powerful attack out of embarrassment. Speaking of Zhou Wu, he smashed Li Pingfan's attack with one punch.

Then he punched again.

At this time, Li Pingfan's eyes changed instantly, and all the spiritual energy in his body gushed out instantly, wafting fragrance above the sky.

It was just that the color of the sky and the earth changed instantly, and there was still thunder rumbling above the sky.

The five strikes of lightning, the first strike, five thunders hit the top, Li Pingfan said lightly.

What is this, what is this spell.

The people around were all dumbfounded, none of them knew what kind of spell it was, and they had never seen it before.

Even all the elders stared straight at Li Fanging. Is this what he did? Liu Ran asked with some doubts.

Everyone rubbed their eyes.

At this time, Chen Ye from Qixia Mountain also came to the ring after seeing this.

When everyone saw Chen Ye's figure, they greeted him with a discount.

Sect Master, what kind of technique is this, Liu Ran asked.

I don't know, I haven't seen it before, Chen Ye shook his head and said.

In the sky at this time, there was thunder, and from time to time, lightning gathered together.

Bang Long Longren, boom, snap.

Zhou Wu was dumbfounded, he had never seen this kind of magic technique before, it could change the color of the sky and the earth, thinking that this kind of magic technique is absolutely extraordinary, Zhou Wu also returned to the original place, looking at the sky.

Sect master, do you think we should go up and stop it, Liu Ran said at this moment.

Chen Ye waved his hand and said, no, we will wait and see.


		