

Chapter 153

captured

Since Young Master Zhang wants my life so much, why not take it himself? Li Pingfan answered the phone and said.

Li Pingfan, this young master will kill you sooner or later, so don't be too complacent.

Kill me, do you have the ability?

Hahahahahaha, don't you want to know where they are? Zhang Shaohuang said.

You will say it, otherwise, your phone rescue will not be called, and Li Pingfan will return.

You're so smart, but I don't like dealing with smart people, so put me, please, I'll let them go.

Haha, Young Master Zhang, do you think you believe what you say? Li Pingfan said.

Believe it, of course I believe it, why should I not believe it? Zhang Shaohuang said.

I don't believe it unless you put them back first.

Hahahahahaha, Li Pingfan, you treat me as a three-year-old child, Zhang Shaohuang said with a smile.

isn't it? Aren't you a three year old? If you weren't, how could you do such a stupid thing? Li Pingfan said.

Hahahahaha, you are so self righteous.

Oh? yes.

There is an abandoned factory behind Chinese Medicine Street, if you want to save them, you have to come here yourself.

Oh, by the way, you came here yourself, you can't bring helpers, Zhang Shaohuang said arrogantly.

After finishing speaking, Zhang Shaohuang hung up the phone.

Little ordinary brother, what are your plans, Feng Zhenghao asked.

How else can you plan, soldiers come to block, water comes to cover.

So you're going alone? Wu Zhiguo said.

Li Pingfan nodded.

No, Wu Zhiguo and Feng Zhenghao shouted in unison.

You don't have to worry, I'll be fine, I still have them to help me, Li Pingfan pointed to the two semi-hidden sect disciples behind him.

Others don't know their abilities, but Li Pingfan knows that these people are much stronger than the ordinary low-level powerhouses in the secular world, and they can also hide their aura very well, and they can help Li Pingfan at critical moments.

Li Pingfan turned to the two of them and said, "I don't know if they are willing to have a fight with Li."

Liu Shihuan was the first to say that there are only some warriors in the secular world, and this girl wants to learn from them, so this time seems to be her chance.

I will accompany you, Liu Shihuan said.

I also want to ask for advice, and I will go with you, Wang Zekun said.

Li Pingfan nodded in satisfaction.

At this moment, Zhang Heng said flatly, "And me."

Everyone looked at Zhang Heng.

You... Li Pingfan said.

I also want to ask the warriors in this secular world for advice, but I am not here to help you, but to ask them for advice, Zhang Heng pouted.

Since all three are willing to help Li, I would like to thank you in advance.

You don't have to thank you too early, you have to remember the agreement between us.

Of course, I, Li Pingfan, will definitely count on what I say.

Afterwards, the four of them left the Wu family together and went to the place designated by Zhang Shaohuang.

The three of you will hide here.

The three nodded and looked for places to hide.

Li Pingfan went alone.

Li Pingfan, long time no see. Zhang Shaohuang said.

Young Master Zhang, I think you are very reluctant to see me.

I really didn't want to see you before, but it's different now.

Oh? You got help? But wait, let me guess who is your helper.

Li Pingfan pretended to think for a while and said, Shura Palace.

Zhang Shaohuang's face changed slightly, but he recovered soon.

So what if you guessed right, you don't think you can escape.

Since I'm here, I don't intend to escape, let your people come out.

In an instant, seven people surrounded Li Pingfan.

I am so proud of myself that I sent seven late-stage peak warriors.

After all, you are Li Pingfan, so it's worth doing, Zhang Shaohuang said.

I have come here myself and released them.

Hahahahahaha, Li Pingfan, are you a pig brain? How could I let them go, I want them to see you die in front of me, hahahahaha, Zhang Shaohuang laughed.

That being the case, why don't you bring them here to see my tragic death with your own eyes.

Haha, Li Pingfan, don't show off such tricks in front of me.

Hey, really, if there is a way to heaven, you don’t go, but there is no way to hell, you just want to go in.

Oh? Yeah?

At this moment, Lu Feng's voice also came.

It turned out to be Young Master Lu.

Li Pingfan, this young master learned that you will die today, so I came here to see you off.

Oh, by the way, before you die, I will spend the night with Li Mo Chunxiao in front of you. Hahahahahaha, Lu Feng laughed out loud when he said that.

Li Pingfan shook his head secretly.

In an instant, Li Pingfan used the wind control technique, and rushed towards Zhang Shaohuang at a high speed.

Hurry up, too soon, this person's strength is not bad, this is the first impression given to the seven late-level peak warriors.

Seeing that Li Pingfan took the lead, the seven of them couldn't bear it any longer, and attacked Li Pingfan at the same time.

Seeing that Li Pingfan was about to punch Zhang Shaohuang, two people suddenly appeared in front of Zhang Shaohuang, and punched Li Pingfan who was oncoming at the same time.

boom.

The three of them took a few steps back.

With a bit of skill, I was able to repel the two of us.

It's just ants, watch me kill you, Li Pingfan said.

What a big tone.

The two attack again, attacking Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique, his own strength increased, and he punched the two of them again.

At the same time, the two punched Li Pingfan's punch here.

boom.

Both sides retreated again.

I'm here to help you two.

Li Pingfan struck again.

And at this moment, the other party joined another person.

Another punch.

Li Pingfan retreated again and again.

Go to hell, boy. Li Pingfan used the wind control technique and quickly dodged the attacks of the three.

Street rats just run away and punch us.

Boom, Li Pingfan received another punch and retreated again.

I will also wish you three.

There are three people at the moment, and there is one more person, four to one.

Li Pingfan dodged their blow again, and then punched him again.

Pfft, Li Pingfan spat out a mouthful of blood.

Hahahahahahaha, Li Pingfan, I didn't expect you to have a few days, Zhang Shaohuang and Lu Feng laughed and said.

Seniors don't kill him, I will torture him for a while, Zhang Shaohuang said.

Then the four captured Li Pingfan.

Zhang Shaohuang ordered his men to go down and bring the captured group here.

Not long after, Hu Yinger, Li Mo, Wu Yanxia and Su Haokai were brought here.


		