

Li Pingfan glanced at Hu Bo, and Li Pingfan could see what Hu Bo was thinking, which meant that Hu Bo was powerless.

At this time, Li Pingfan walked up to Huber and took the bottle containing the pills.

Wait a minute for Miracle Doctor Liu, Li Pingfan has heard that Miracle Doctor Liu's medical skills are famous all over the world, and now he sees that it is indeed the case, he is indeed a master of the world.

However, I have something I want to ask for advice, and I would like to ask Dr. Liu to help me out.

Haha, it’s not enough for ordinary friends to answer questions. If you have any questions, you can ask them, and I, Liu San, will definitely answer them for you.

Then can I ask Dr. Liu if he knows what the symptoms of Miss Hu Ying are, what the name of the pill is, what kind of medicine it has, and the formula doesn't have to be all, just a few of them.

This time, Liu San began to examine Li Pingfan formally, because the questions Li Pingfan asked him were all professional questions, and ordinary doctors would never ask such questions, so Liu San was sure that this Li Pingfan was absolutely extraordinary, This time it was not so easy to fool things.

Liu San stared at Li Pingfan, as if he wanted to see through him, but he couldn't see any way out. Instead, he felt a chill in his body and a chill in his back.

What's wrong with Dr. Liu, Dr. Liu, Dr. Liu, Huber shouted.

Haha, it's okay, I was thinking about Miss Hu's illness just now, and I haven't seen Miss Hu for a long time. Immediately after Master Doctor Liu said this, he felt a little regretful.

This shows that the fact that I can see the patient's condition in the house from outside the door is false, but it has been wrong and irreversible.

Did Miracle Doctor Liu think of Miss Hu Ying's illness? Li Pingfan said.

This is indeed true, Liu San asked him, he knew himself well, he was a second-rate doctor, and it was okay to treat a headache and brain fever, but seeing this kind of disease, he really couldn't see the way, but at this time, he also You can't say that you are a fake, then everything you do here will be in vain. Now Liu San's psychology is very messed up.

Li Pingfan glanced at Liu San, and he knew what Liu San was thinking now. Li Pingfan confirmed what he thought in his heart. This Liu San is a liar. He didn't know about Hu Yinger's symptoms at all. Li Pingfan continued to attack.

Could it be that Doctor Liu didn't know about Miss Hu Ying's condition?

This time, it was extremely quiet, and they were all listening to Miracle Doctor Liu's answer. If Miracle Doctor Liu said yes now, then these villagers would probably pick up their hoes and beat Miracle Doctor Liu immediately.

How could it be, Doctor Liu said, it's just that I have been in contact with too many patients during this period of time, and I forgot it, but you can rest assured that the pill I gave Mr. Hu was specially developed by me, and that pill can cure the disease. All diseases.

Mr. Hu, I have already given you such a fairy medicine. I didn’t expect you to disbelieve me so much. Oh, forget it. Since you don’t believe me, I’ll give you back the three-color flower green snake. You give the medicine Forget it, Liu San stared at Huber.

Seeing Liu San's eyes, Huber dodged a little, and then looked at Li Pingfan.

Sigh, let me tell you earlier, since Miracle Doctor Liu forgot, it’s easy to handle, you can give Ms. Hu Ying a diagnosis and treatment on the spot, and then prescribe the right medicine to open our eyes.

Liu San also expected that Li Pingfan would say this. Now Liu San is betting that Hu Ying's condition is not too serious, but he knows that the possibility is very small, because he showed Hu Ying before he came to the village, and he didn't see it at the time. What a name, it's been more than half a year, and I don't know what will happen. At the same time, I am gambling that this Li Pingfan is a medical novice, and the few questions I just asked were blinded by a blind cat encountering a dead mouse.

That's fine, then Liu San will treat Ms. Hu Ying, and Mr. Hu will ask you to lead the way.

Alas, you don't need your help as a genius doctor Liu. Let's invite Miss Hu Ying out to let everyone see your treatment with their own eyes, so that we can establish your reputation as a miracle doctor again.

Doctor Liu, doctor Liu, doctor Liu, all the villagers were shouting.

This time Liu San felt that he had been fooled by Li Pingfan. It seemed that he had been seduced step by step. At first, he thought that even if there were so many people in the house, he would not be able to let go. If you beat her to death and refuse to admit it, and then let her take that pill, you can stop everyone's mouths by yourself. Liu San has absolute confidence in his medicine, because it was refined by his master, and he has saved many people with this medicine.

Being forced to this point now, if he said that he went to the house alone for treatment at this time, the villagers would definitely be suspicious.

This group of ignorant villagers, Liu San cursed secretly.

Then since ordinary friends have said so, let Miss Hu Ying come out.

Hearing this, Huber immediately went into the house to pack it up.

When he came out again, there was a little girl around 20 years old beside her. This was Hu Ying. The villagers and Liu San were all dumbfounded. They didn't expect that there were such beautiful women in this world. Liu San was there just now. For a moment, it seemed that I had to forget what I was going to do.

Although some villagers have met Hu Ying before, it has been a long time. Moreover, Hu Ying had been studying in Binhai City before. If she hadn't got this disease, she should be in school now. The last time I saw her was half a year ago. It was a long time ago, and school was about to start, and then this kind of thing happened.

Some of the young people in the village watched the halazi flow down, and some even said to their parents next to them that they vowed not to marry anyone except Hu Ying in this life.

While the villagers were discussing this, Hu Ying walked up to Dr. Liu.

Liu Miracle Doctor Liu Miracle Doctor, my granddaughter is here, Huber called.

Liu San was also excited, and got out of the thoughts just now, so he asked Huber to move two chairs.

After Huber heard it, he immediately went back to the house and started to make arrangements.

Li Pingfan also quietly walked to Hu Ying's side, looked at Hu Ying and nodded slightly.

Hu Ying didn't know what happened, but after seeing Li Pingfan, she felt an inexplicable sense of security.

Hu Ying also looked at Li Pingfan, and nodded slightly in response.

Huber brought two chairs out of the room.

After the two sat down, Liu San began to take the pulse. While Liu San was taking the pulse, Li Pingfan took a closer look at Hu Ying. This time Li Pingfan saw Hu Ying's symptoms.

Dr. Liu, you have been checking the pulse for more than ten minutes, haven't you figured out what the disease is, Li Pingfan said.

Hearing this, Doctor Liu took his hand away from Hu Ying's wrist, and shook his head slightly. This is the first time I have seen this disease in my life, and the pulse seemed to be absent. Liu San shook his head again, expressing that he did not see the disease. .

However, as long as Ms. Hu Ying takes the pill I gave Huber, I believe it will improve immediately. Liu San once again turned the problem to the medicine.

Li Pingfan smiled coldly, Doctor Liu, you gave medicine to the patient without even seeing the symptoms, what should you do if there is no effect after taking it, and there are sequelae.

Impossible, there will be absolutely no problem with my pill, Liu San returned anxiously.

How do you know that there will be absolutely no problem with this medicine, why don't you take it first and let us see.

I'm not sick, why should I take this medicine?

You all know that you are not sick, so you don't need to take medicine, so why did you let Ms. Hu Ying take medicine? Have you seen what kind of illness it is? Li Pingfan looked at Liu San viciously and said.

Hmph, I didn't see it, can you? If you can see the condition, then you should treat Miss Hu Ying as soon as possible, why bother to make sarcastic remarks here.

Liu San turned his finger on Li Pingfan again. He believed that he couldn't tell what kind of illness it was, and he, a young man in his twenties, probably didn't have much ability to see what kind of illness it was.

At this time, Liu San saw Li Pingfan smiling slightly, and Liu San panicked in his heart. His legs were also trembling slightly, if he was given a choice now, he would never come here today.

Li Pingfan walked up to Liu San and said, then we can make a gamble.


		