

Chapter 132

war mountain god

You are not bad, Li Pingfan replied.

But then you're out of luck.

Oh, then you can give it a try.

Boom, the little girl slapped it, and Li Pingfan slapped it at the same time, and each took a few steps back.

Afterwards, the two confronted each other with more than a dozen moves, but they were still evenly matched.

Very strong, this is the only thought in Li Pingfan's mind at this moment, the little girl in front of him may have reached the late stage of the earth.

At this moment, the little girl punched Li Pingfan again.

Because Li Pingfan was distracted, he didn't dodge the punch in time.

Fighting against me, you still dare to lose your mind, and just point it out after speaking.

I saw a ball of fire flying towards Li Pingfan at high speed.

At this moment, Li Pingfan was completely panicked, because what the opponent used was a spell, a real spell, Li Pingfan couldn't believe it. The magic level is not high, but when fighting against the warriors in this star field, they can completely kill the enemy by leapfrogging.

It can be imagined that in a battle with a martial artist, a ball of fire suddenly bombards the opponent, and the opponent may be instantly reduced to fly ash.

Seeing that he was getting closer and closer in the fireball, Li Pingfan didn't dare to hold back his hand at all. He used the luck technique to mobilize his own spiritual energy. With a big wave of his hand, spiritual energy appeared around him, and with this wave of his hand, the spiritual energy transformed into a drop of water. fireball.

Before, Li Pingfan didn't dare to use such means to fight against warriors in this world, because he was afraid that it would cause unnecessary trouble, so the only thing he showed to the outside world was the wind control technique, and the wind control technique was only to improve his own strength and speed. A kind of technique, compared with this kind of technique, is not very eye-catching, and it is not easy to be noticed, but now Li Pingfan dare not have the slightest reservation, otherwise, if he is not paying attention, his nickname may be ruined. Will really be lost here.

It's just that what Li Pingfan didn't expect was that he couldn't feel any aura fluctuations on the little girl in front of him at all, but she could cast fireball. Li Pingfan quickly came to his senses.

Because, the little girl pointed out again at this time, and several fireballs successively bombarded Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan quickly waved his hand, and countless water droplets appeared in front of him, blasting towards the little girl together.

The little girl seemed to whisper a few words in her mouth, and the temperature around her body dropped sharply in an instant. When Li Pingfan's attack fell on the little girl's body, all the water droplets turned into ice spikes.

The little girl waved her hand, and all the icicles flew towards Li Pingfan quickly.

Li Pingfan mobilized the spiritual energy in his body, forming a field around Li Pingfan's body. When the icicles pierced Li Pingfan, all the icicles exploded and scattered on the ground.

You are indeed stronger than those before, you are qualified to let me face up to you, but if you only have this strength, you will still die here today, the little girl said.

You are also the most powerful person I have seen these days, but you still need some time to keep me.

Oh! Then you have to be careful.

As he said that, he slapped out another palm, and a phantom of spiritual energy came towards him.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique, and he got an all-round improvement. Li Pingfan came to the side of the little girl in an instant, and punched him directly.

At such a fast speed, the little girl whispered, and then shouted loudly. Li Pingfan was shocked and took a few steps back before stabilizing his figure.

What a powerful sonic attack, Li Pingfan thought silently.

Boy, you want to sneak attack me, but it's not that easy, the little girl said.

Boom, the little girl punched Li Pingfan, and Li Pingfan also punched him. At this moment, all the surrounding trees began to shake.

Boom, the two stepped back a few steps each again.

Before Li Pingfan stabilized his figure, the little girl waved her hand again, and the surrounding leaves quickly flew towards the little girl. The little girl pointed out that all the leaves were like sharp knives, and they all reverberated against Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan unfolded the wind control technique, used his own extremely fast body skills to avoid the attack, and with another dodge, Li Pingfan came to the back of the little girl.

At this moment, Li Pingfan did not rush to attack, but dodged the little girl's sonic attack for the next time, and then Li Pingfan quickly clapped his palm.

At this moment, a big hand fell from the sky and pointed at the little girl.

At this moment, Li Pingfan came to the little girl once again, and punched her out.

The little girl pointed at the sky. At this moment, the big hand in the sky was blown away, and then a punch was thrown out, and the two retreated again.

Li Pingfan's own aura was consumed extremely quickly, because the previous blow had caused Li Pingfan to consume a lot of aura, so his own aura was running out.

At this time, Li Pingfan thought of Qi Jusan. If he had Qi Jusan, Li Pingfan's own aura would soon recover. At this moment, Li Pingfan decided in his heart that he must find an alchemy furnace to practice several batches of pills.

On the other hand, the little girl seemed to have inexhaustible aura, and continued to attack.

Damn, your perpetual motion machine, don't you feel tired? Li Pingfan cursed inwardly.

Just after scolding, the little girl hit again.

At this moment, ice skates rose from the sky, rushing towards Li Pingfan frantically.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan didn't dare to hesitate any longer. With the luck technique, the temperature around him rose sharply in an instant, and all the falling skates turned into rainwater.

The little girl pointed out that all the skates that had turned into rain solidified again and stabbed at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan mobilized all the spiritual energy in his body and patted it down with one palm.

All the skates were shattered again and scattered on the ground.

At this moment, Li Pingfan was exhausted and collapsed to the ground.

Seeing this, the little boy on the side ran to Li Pingfan.

You can't kill him, said the little boy.


		