

Chapter 140

Rescue the White Crystal Tiger

Grandpa Wu, you should go back, it will be troublesome if you come out for a long time, Li Pingfan said.

Wu Zhiguo knew what Li Pingfan meant, and he had been out for a long time. If he was found out, the consequences would be disastrous. After Wu Zhiguo and Li Pingfan said a few words, they also left here.

Li Pingfan was observing the situation of the battle.

An hour passed quickly, and there were not many people left on both sides at this moment. Because the battle was fierce, many people were injured, and they had no fighting ability. They could only stay aside and heal their injuries. Watch the battle.

At this moment, Li Pingfan withdrew his consciousness and muttered softly, it's time for me to appear.

Li Pingfan stepped forward and walked forward slowly.

Boom, Wang Yao slapped Wang Bolin with a slap.

Wang Bolin grabbed Wang Yao casually to resist Wang Yao's attack, and then punched Wang Yao casually. Wang Yao retreated tens of meters in an instant.

At this moment, Li Pingfang, who was coming from a distance, happened to catch Wang Yao.

When Wang Yao turned his head and was about to say thank you, Que saw a familiar face.

Li Pingfan, it's you.

Li Pingfan punched Wang Yao casually, and Wang Yao was thrown several meters away again, and was thrown heavily on the ground, with the corner of his mouth still leaning on the blood donation.

Elder Wang, long time no see, Li Pingfan said.

Li Pingfan, I didn't expect you to dare to come.

Why, can't I come here?

Yes, yes, but since you are here, don't leave, Wang Yao gritted his teeth and said.

Whether I go or not is not up to you.

Speaking of Li Pingfan's attack again, Li Pingfan just punched him.

Because Wang Yao suffered two punches in a row before and had already suffered some injuries, so the speed now has also become a little slow.

When Li Pingfan came to him with a punch, Wang Yao blocked it with a punch at the same time.

This punch was just Li Pingfan's tentative blow, and he didn't use much force.

Kid, you only have this ability, but you can't get out of Qixia Mountain, Wang Yao said.

Hahaha, Li Pingfan laughed, Wang Yao, Wang Yao, you are so naive.

Speaking of Li Pingfan's exercises, wind control technique, Li Pingfan came to Wang Yao in an instant.

It's too fast, there is only one thought in Wang Yao's mind at this moment.

Boom, Li Pingfan smiled contemptuously at Wang Yao, followed by a blow.

Wang Yao also raised his fist.

Ah, at this moment there was a scream from Wang Yao's mouth, the sound was loud, and the people around Zhen who were still fighting each other all looked at Wang Yao's side.

You, you, your strength, so strong, plop, Wang Yao collapsed to the ground and passed out.

At this moment, everyone around looked at Li Pingfan.

Ordinary friends, Wu Zhiguo and Nalan Jie shouted at the same time.

Li Pingfan nodded to them.

Li Pingfan, give back my son's life, Luo Geng yelled through gritted teeth.

Li Pingfan didn't pay attention to him, but turned his head to look at Bai Jinghu. The voice transmission said, "Persist a little longer, and I will rescue you out immediately."

Bai Jinghu and his wife knew what Li Pingfan meant.

After the farce on Li Pingfan's side ended, they fell into a melee again. Because they didn't know that Li Pingfan was from there, no one rushed to trouble him.

And at this moment, Luo Geng punched Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan hit back with a punch, and then the two fell into a fake fight.

An hour passed again.

Everyone is almost exhausted.

At this time, Li Pingfan knew that his time had come.

So he punched Luo Geng directly, and Luo Geng retreated tens of meters and fell to the ground.

Li Pingfan rushed to Bai Jinghu, sat on the back of the male Bai Jinghu, and Bai Jinghu ran out quickly.

Only at this moment did everyone realize that he came here for Bai Jinghu, and he found it at a very good time, just when all the power was running out, he suddenly came here and made all people caught off guard.

Seeing that Li Pingfan was about to run away, at this time the three and a half hermits shouted, chase me, and he cannot be allowed to run away.

Only then did the people around react, and they all flocked in the direction where Li Pingfan was escaping.

Just a few minutes after Li Pingfan ran out, a group of people appeared behind him.

At this moment, Bai Jinghu's physical strength was running low, and his running speed was getting slower and slower, so Li Pingfan was surrounded by everyone.

Kid, you don't talk about martial arts ethics a little bit, seeing that we are tired, you want to snatch these two white crystal tigers for yourself, your appetite is not small, Liu Ran said.

Hey, it seems that a fierce battle is inevitable, Li Pingfan said with a sigh.

Afterwards, several people came out of the crowd and walked to Li Pingfan. These people were exactly Wu Zhiguo and Nalan Jie. Then another old man walked out of the crowd. Li Pingfan looked at the old man in front of him. Time didn't even remember who it was.

Ordinary little friend, why don't you know the old man?

You are, Senior Meng Jianping, Li Pingfan slapped his forehead and said.

Hahahaha, I didn't expect that you would come to join in the fun.

Wasn't senior Meng afraid that they would become enemies in the future? Li Pingfan said with a smile.

I heard Brother Nalan talk about you, so I admire you very much. As for being enemies with them, hahahaha, I have passed a year. If I can’t break through to that level, I don’t think I can live for a few more years. I think the realm of the old man is in the secular world, no one should be so stupid as to trouble me, Meng Jianping said with a self-deprecating smile.

Well, I, Li Pingfan, will definitely repay everyone for their kindness today, but our primary goal at present is these people in front of us.

Everyone also nodded their heads one after another.

At this moment, Luo Geng from a distance ran over.

Luo Geng.

Deputy Palace Master Zhao.

After that, Luo Geng also went to Li Pingfan's camp.

Luo Geng, what are you doing?

Deputy Palace Master, I have defected to Li Pingfan, and I will no longer be a member of the Rakshasa Palace.

Luo Geng, have you forgotten that he killed your son?

Hahahahahahahahaha, Luo Geng laughed when he heard this.

Do you think I don't know? The real murderer is not Li Pingfan at all, but Shura Palace and you, Luo Geng pointed to the old man in the distance and said.


		