

Chapter 109

Liang Shao was beaten

Isn't this Young Master Liang? What's the matter, Young Master Liang, who made you unhappy?

Are you the boss?

I'm not the boss, I'm the person in charge, but don't worry, if you have any needs, you can tell me, and I will definitely help you solve them.

Li Fanfan's operation directly confused Lin Jiaqi. He didn't know why Li Fanfan came here, and he became the person in charge. Lin Jiaqi looked at Li Fanfan suspiciously.

Li Pingfan gave Lin Jiaqi a look, and Lin Jiaqi also seemed to understand half-understanding and stopped talking, quietly watching Li Pingfan's performance.

I think so, since you are not the boss, you'd better call me your boss, otherwise Young Master Liang will be very angry and the consequences will be serious.

Young Master Liang, I am the person in charge. I am mainly in charge of this store. If you have any demands, you can tell me. I will help you solve them, Li Pingfan said.

Well, since you are the person in charge, I can tell you, what happened to your waiter? You won’t be allowed to touch it, why do I spend so much money on consumption, and I won’t let you touch it even once, how can I patronize your store in the future?

Ah, is there such a thing?

Li Pingfan turned his head to look at Lin Jiaqi and said, what's the matter with you, Young Master Liang just wants to pet you, and you won't do it? You have to know that being able to get Young Master Liang's favor is a blessing he cultivated in his previous life. Why would you use it to work here in the future and live directly in a big villa? You really don't understand anything.

These crackling words made Lin Jiaqi look confused, just about to speak, Li Pingfan gave another look, and Lin Jiaqi remained silent again.

Mr. Liang, I told her, if you want to touch her, I will help you.

Liang Shao stared straight at Lin Jiaqi's chest.

Li Pingfan also understood when he saw this, so Li Pingfan said, Young Master Liang, I will help you.

You are sensible.

Li Pingfan lifted Liang Shao's wrist and was about to touch Lin Jiaqi's chest. At this moment, Li Pingfan exerted a little force, only to hear a click, and Liang Shao's wrist dislocated.

Ahhhh what are you doing?

Didn't do anything, Young Master Liang, I'm helping you.

Damn, help me, help me and you made my hands like this.

Yeah, am I helping you?

Damn it, beat him up, Young Master Liang waited for the remaining two people to say.

If you don't want your hands to become like his, do your best to sit obediently in your position and don't move.

The two were too frightened to move.

Hey, isn't this Young Master Liang? Why did you have the honor to patronize my shop today? At this moment, a middle-aged man came to Young Master Liang's side.

You are the boss?

Yes, Young Master Liang, we have met before.

Who is he? Liang Shao pointed to Li Pingfan.

who are you? asked the boss.

Ah, he is not the person in charge of this shop?

No, Young Master Liang, there is no one in charge of my small shop.

see my hand? It was he who made this for me, boss, you better know how to do it.

Yes yes yes, of course I do.

You made Young Master Liang's hands like this?

it's me.

Damn, come and beat him for me.

Wait a minute, Boss Wang, he is my friend, and he also hurt Liang Shao to help me. I will pay for Liang Shao's medical expenses. Lin Jiaqi said.

Pooh, do you think I want money? I just want to step on him today, Boss Wang, what are you still doing in a daze.

What are you still doing in a daze, give it to me.

Li Pingfan patted Lin Jiaqi on the shoulder and blocked her behind.

When the other person rushed towards Li Pingfan, Li Pingfan slapped each other. After a while, all the people who rushed up were slapped on the ground by Li Pingfan.

You, the boss, haven’t asked the cause and effect of the matter, and are busy raising others to come out, but don’t protect your own employees. A boss like you is really disgusting. This time is to teach you a lesson. Let me see such a thing next time , I smashed your shop for you.

By the way, she will quit in the future, I hope you will call her immediately for the salary owed to her in the afternoon, otherwise your small shop will still be in danger, Li Pingfan stopped the boss and the others aggressively and said.

After finishing speaking, Li Pingfan walked up to Young Master Liang again, and slapped Young Master Liang on the face. After a while, Young Master Liang's face became red and swollen.

Young Master Liang, it looks like your face is a bit asymmetrical. Wait a minute, I'll make it symmetrical for you. As he spoke, Li Pingfan raised his hand and slapped the other face with a slap.

Um, this time it's a bit harder, and it's still asymmetrical. Wait a minute, Young Master Liang, I'll definitely make it symmetrical for you this time.

Slap is another slap, hey, it's much better this time.

The people around were all taken aback, thinking who this is, the attack was really ruthless, they all shook their heads and thought, this time the young master of the Liang family met a ruthless person.

Even the boss stood there blankly looking at Young Master Liang with bloated cheeks. He knew that he was going to die, and the Liang family would definitely not let him go, but the young man in front of him was no match for him, so he was in a difficult situation now up.

Hey, what a fucking bad luck, the mood to feed me is gone, hey, let's go, Li Pingfan looked at Lin Jiaqi behind him and said.

Lin Jiaqi was in the dark for a few minutes, and was taken out of the restaurant by Li Pingfan in a daze.


		