

Chapter 155

Deputy Palace Master

Brother Fan, be careful, Su Haokai shouted.

Boy, go to hell, the three of them attacked Li Pingfan at the same time.

Your opponent is me, Wu Zhiguo attacked one of the three, and the scene became anxious.

Grandpa Wu, help me stop two of them first, and I will kill one of them first, Li Pingfan said.

Wu Zhiguo nodded.

Li Pingfan punched one of them with all his might.

The three of them saw that the situation was wrong, and they shot at the same time to block Li Pingfan's attack.

The opponent of the two of you is me, Wu Zhiguo shot at the two of you at this moment.

Seeing Wu Zhiguo attacking them, the two quickly turned their heads to attack Wu Zhiguo.

boom.

Wu Zhiguo was instantly repelled tens of meters, with blood still dripping from the corner of his mouth.

In just this moment, Li Pingfan punched out at the same time, knocking the person in front of him back tens of meters and fell to the ground. The moment he got up, a mouthful of blood was spurted out.

Old Six, Old Six, the two shouted.

Li Pingfan, you, you, you, die to me, the two of them attacked at the same time, attacking Li Pingfan again.

The three of you are all against me, let alone only two of you now.

Plus me? At this moment, at some point, a person appeared behind the two of them.

Li Pingfan had also seen this person before, and he was the Deputy Hall Master of the Asura Hall.

It's you, the Vice-Hall Master of the Asura Hall. Li Pingfan said.

Li Pingfan, I didn't expect your strength to improve after not seeing you for a few days.

I haven't seen you for a few days, you are still the same.

At this time, the people in the Shura Hall around saw the deputy hall master coming, and they all stopped and rushed to the deputy hall master's side.

Liu Shihuan, Zhang Heng, and Wang Zekun also came to Li Pingfan's side.

Um, a person from a semi-hidden family, said the deputy hall master.

It was you, the one who was beaten by my master and begged for mercy, Zhang Heng said.

I admit that I really can't offend you, but this is a grievance between me and Li Pingfan, and I hope you don't intervene.

This old man doesn't care, Li Pingfan can't lose a hair, if you touch him, you will die, Zhang Heng said again.

Hahahahaha, your masters are not here, do you think you will be my opponent? I advise you to leave last, otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.

If you want to fight, fight, stop talking nonsense, Zhang Heng said.

Li Pingfan, don't you want to say something? The deputy hall master said.

Li Pingfan touched his hand, expressing that he had nothing to say.

You are a shrinking tortoise, but you dare not take responsibility for what you do, hahahaha, Li Pingfan, Li Pingfan, you can only shrink behind a woman in this life and live a meager life.

Now that the deputy hall master said it, I really want to ask, what did I do, Li Pingfan said.

Don't you know what you did?

Abolishing the cultivation of my Asura Hall disciples, beheading one person, and even Elder Wang Yao was killed by you. Shouldn't I settle accounts with you?

Wang Yao is his own fault, and your two disciples have rules in the martial arts conference, life and death are up to fate, can you blame me for these? Li Pingfan said.

Sophistry, Wang Yao died at your hands.

Li Pingfan shook his head, they were here to kill him, they said it was unintentional.

Since you want to kill me, then come on, young master, I will accompany you to the end.

The deputy hall master looked at Liu Shihuan and the others.

Don't worry they won't make a move, it's just you and me in this battle.

So much the better.

Boy, my name is Fu Haowen, you remember, otherwise you don't even know who killed you, and you can seek revenge from this old man in the next life.

Hmph, there is no need to memorize these, because you will surely die before me.

The two men were at war with each other, and the smell of gunpowder was full.

At this moment, Fu Haowen made a direct move.

Li Pingfan did not dare to take it lightly in the face of a heavenly warrior. This was also the first time he had fought against a prosperous heavenly warrior.

Li Pingfan also used the Wind Control Technique and punched him.

Boom, the moment Li Pingfan received the punch hard, he was instantly repelled several meters away.

Sure enough, the strength of the heavenly warriors should not be underestimated.

Boy, if you only have this little ability, you would be better than death today.

Who lives, sleeps and dies, maybe?

Li Pingfan came to Fu Haowen in an instant and punched him out.

Fu Haowen punched out at the same time, Li Pingfan dodged, dodging Fu Haowen's blow, and then punched out again.

Fu Haowen turned sideways and kicked.

Li Pingfan dodged again, came behind Fu Haowen, and proposed with one kick.

Hey boy, play this trick with me, you are still young.

At the same time, Fu Haowen dodged and punched Li Pingfan hard.

Li Pingfan turned around and punched him hard.

Boom, Li Pingfan was sent flying a few meters away again.

Li Pingfan, your strength is too weak. If you reach my age, I will not be your opponent, but you are still too young now, just accept death obediently.

The person who can kill me has not yet been born, accept the move.

With Li Pingfan's luck technique, spiritual energy gushed out of his whole body in an instant. Li Pingfan lightly tapped his fingertips, and instantly a beam of light rushed towards Fu Haowen at top speed.

Fu Haowen punched out with one punch, and directly broke Li Pingfan's blow.

The people around took a breath, is this the warrior they usually see? This is clearly a fairy, how can he attack directly from such a far away place, is this method a warrior in this world can do?

Damn, that blow just now was sent by Brother Fan? Su Haokai questioned.

I don't know, I have never seen this kind of attack method, Feng Zhenghao said.

Fuck, Brother Fan is not a fairy, Huang Mao said.

It's possible, this kind of method, I'm afraid only immortals can use it, Su Haokai said.

Um, combined with Brother Fan's actions during this period of time, maybe it's really a fairy descending from the earth, Four Eyes said at this moment.

Yinger, you, you and Li Pingfan have known each other for a long time, he is not really a fairy, Li Mo asked.

Hu Yinger shook her head and said, I, I don't know, I only know that my grandfather made him strong on the mountain, and later he cured my illness.

What, on the mountain, everyone shouted.

Well, it's on the mountain, what's the problem? Hu Yinger returned.

Don't you read Xiuxian novels? All immortals come down from the mountains, maybe he is really an immortal.

Fuck me, so I actually have a fairy friend, Su Haokai was so excited.


		