

Chapter 83

condition

For the competition three days later, this is the tradition of Huacheng, but this tradition is also included in the Wumeng.

Do you think the Wumeng is as simple as it looks?

The competition in the Martial League is also very fierce. Many people will participate in this kind of martial arts competition every year. If you don't get the grades, then the city area you are in will be allocated more resources than the cities that have not won the ranking.

The reason why Huacheng can be ranked among the top ten in martial arts is that his results in every competition are outstanding, so their resources are much more than ours in Binhai.

Then these are only for martial arts, so why should the medicine and business families participate, Li Pingfan asked puzzled.

Brother Pingfan, as I said before, as long as you can get the ranking, you will get a lot of resources. If these resources are useless to the Martial League, Martial Arts Family and Zongmen, how will you allocate them? If it happens to be a real estate resource, how do you divide it? If it is a pharmaceutical resource, how do you divide it? You can't give it to a family that has never contributed.

After Feng Zhenghao's explanation, Li Pingfan also understood the stakes, and also knew why their big families obeyed Feng Zhenghao's arrangements.

As far as I know, the Li family has neither superb medical skills nor huge funds. Why does the Wumeng use them? Li Pingfan is also very puzzled at this point, Li Pingfan asked.

The Li family, the Li family does not have superb medical skills and no funds now, but you should not underestimate the Li family. It is not just talking about being able to persist in Binhai for more than 300 years and still maintain the status of a family.

A hundred years ago, the Li family used the Huayang acupuncture method, but it was very beautiful. I don’t know how many aristocratic and wealthy families were treated by the ancestors of the Li family. Although there was an accident in the Li family and the Huayang needle was lost, his connections are still there. There is a reason why the Li family can't persevere.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Then you came to me today because of the competition three days later, Li Pingfan said.

Little ordinary brother, to be honest, I came to you today for what will happen three days later, and I have observed you for a long time, ever since the first short fight with you, I know you are a master of martial arts.

Then why do you think I will help you? Or in other words, what do I get for helping you?

In fact, I can't confirm that you will help me, but if you help me, I will give you what you want and guarantee your satisfaction.

Then can you tell me what I can get first?

It depends on what you need, as long as we can get it, we will give it to you.

Li Pingfan thought to himself, you don't have the key I need, do you have the spiritual energy I need? I need grade 9 spirit grass, do you have it? Li Pingfan can only think about these things, he has never seen these things in this star field.

Why don't you tell me what you can give me first, and let me hear if there is anything I need.

If you help us get the ranking, you can practice all the exercises in the Wumeng.

Li Pingfan suddenly lost interest in exercises. When it comes to exercises, Li Pingfan doesn't lack these things at all. He has practiced for more than two thousand years, and there are not many other things but a lot of exercises.

I don't need this? Is there any more?

That can give you status and power.

unnecessary.

It can make you an elder of our Wumeng.

You may not know how powerful the elders of the Wumeng can be...

unnecessary.

Before Feng Zhenghao could refuse, Li Pingfan refused directly.

It seems that Deacon Feng doesn't have anything to show for it. I think I can't do anything about your request.

Wait a minute, I wonder if you are interested in the auction.

Hearing about the auction, Li Pingfan instantly became interested.

Tell me.

There will be some underground auctions in Binhai, and there will be various auctions in them, but few people are familiar with this auction, because the people at the auction must have assets of at least over 100 million or have Only those who have great rights can enter the auction, and this kind of auction is held twice a year in Binhai, and each auction is only two days long.

The first time of this year will be tomorrow, as long as you have your fancy items in the auction, no matter what the price, my Wumeng promises to help you get three items.

Li Pingfan doesn't know if the lot in this star field has what he needs, because he has never seen the lot in this star field, so it is hard to draw a conclusion, but since it is an underground auction house, the lot must not be on the market The items are comparable, maybe you can find one or two things that are useful to you, if so, then you can make a lot of money.

After Li Pingfan thought for a while, Li Pingfan responded, yes, but if there is a fourth item I need, I hope you can help me get it, and of course I will repay it at the same price.

Feng Zhenghao saw that Li Pingfan was heavier than Songkou, and the big rock in his heart had fallen to the ground, so he agreed to Li Pingfan's request without thinking.

Seeing Feng Zhenghao's willingness to agree, Li Pingfan thought that he was asking too little, and felt a little regretful in his heart, but he had already said it, so he was too embarrassed to repent.

Now that it's decided, then it's decided, tomorrow I will personally pick you up to the auction house, Feng Zhenghao said.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Does Deacon Feng have anything else to do, Li Pingfan asked.

If not, then I will send someone to take you back.

Li Pingfan did not refuse and left the Wumeng.


		