

Chapter Thirty-Six

against Wang Ming

Arrogant, you are crazy, boy, at this time Wang Ming hadn't spoken yet, but Lu Guang who was beside him spoke first.

You little bastard, dare to be so arrogant, I think you really want to die.

Not only Lu Guang thought so, but even Yan Lu and Wu Yanxia showed surprise expressions.

Brother, I don't care about your rude words, but you must leave now, and I advise you not to get involved in this matter, otherwise it is beyond your control.

When Li Pingfan heard this, he quickly agreed and said, I'm leaving now.

Everyone was shocked, even Wang Ming couldn't believe it, this thing changed its face so quickly, it was so arrogant before, but now it has a 180-degree reversal, Wang Ming is a little confused .

But I have already said what I said, and I have no way to go back on it, so I can only let him go.

At this time, Lu Feng couldn't bear it anymore. His goal was Li Fanfan. Now he wants to let him go. That is absolutely impossible. But now Lu Feng has no other choice. Wang Ming has already spoken. If he tried to stop him, he must be the one who was unlucky in the end, so Lu Feng could only endure it silently.

Li Pingfan looked at Li Mo who was lying down at the moment, Li Pingfan picked Li Mo up and walked out the door.

Wang Ming stopped Li Pingfan's way, and said, brother, maybe your ears are not so good, you didn't hear what I said clearly, I said, you can leave, but she can't, and pointed at Li Fan. Li Mo was wrapped in Pingfan's hands.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, I came today to take her away, so she must follow me.

At this moment, there was a faint smirk on the corner of Lu Feng's mouth, as if everything had returned to his control again. Lu Feng wanted to use Wang Ming's hand to get rid of Li Pingfan, so Lu Feng made many inquiries and learned that Wang Ming wanted Li Mo very much, so Only then did today's scene happen. All of this was arranged by Lu Feng, including his uncle Lu Guang, who were all in his plan. At this time, Lu Feng was very happy.

She must stay, otherwise none of you will be able to leave today, Wang Ming's tone gradually became sharp, as if anyone who dared to disobey his will would have to die.

Hey, you talk too much nonsense, and you don't know how capable a small Xuanjie is. You can't let me down, Li Pingfan said unhurriedly.

Haha, Wang Ming laughed out loud, then I will show you the strength of a master of the Xuan rank.

After speaking, Wang Ming took the lead and rushed towards Li Pingfan. Just within a meter away from Li Pingfan, Wang Ming suddenly drew out his dagger and stabbed Li Pingfan in the chest. This was Wang Ming's most common move.

Although it is a very common move, but after practicing each move for a long time, it is no longer ordinary. Wang Ming has already defeated several of his fellow disciples by relying on this move.

At this moment, Wu Yanxia hurriedly reminded Li Pingfan to be careful.

Because Wu Yanxia has heard of Wang Ming's trick, but she has never experienced it.

Li Pingfan also came back to his senses in an instant, and quickly dodged.

Wang Ming saw that the blow was unsuccessful, so he quickly changed his move and attacked Li Pingfan. Li Pingfan didn't have any extra moves, so he just punched him. Li Pingfan used 50% of his strength in this punch, and he retreated instead. half a step.

Li Pingfan thought to himself, Xuanjie is nothing more than that, but it is indeed much more difficult to deal with than the previous few people. After all, even he took half a step back. Although he did not use all his strength, Li Pingfan was not sure about the other party. He didn't use his full strength, and he didn't know that the opponent didn't have anything to suppress, so Li Pingfan didn't dare to be careless and continued to fight quickly.

Li Pingfan punched again, and this time took another half step back, another punch, and took another half step back.

Li Fanfan seemed to understand the opponent's strength, this time Li Fanfan punched again, this time with 70% of his strength, Wang Ming took a step back.

Wang Ming showed an expression of disbelief. Just now the other party was being pressed and beaten by him. He didn't expect that the other party would make him take a step back. He couldn't believe it. Although he hadn't used all his strength, but I am a mysterious martial artist, but I don't know if the opponent is a martial artist. He only has one punch without any moves. He looks more like a beginner, but he has more strength.

Wang Ming made another move, this time Wang Ming used 90% of his strength. The two punched each other again, and this time neither of them stepped back.

At this moment, Li Pingfan understood everything in an instant. The person in front of him was much stronger than Wu Yanxia in terms of strength. If Wu Yanxia is currently at the peak of the late stage of the Huang rank, she can also abolish Wang Ming with her own skills.

This was the last blow. Li Pingfan directly used 100% of his strength, and directly punched Wang Ming again. This time, Wang Ming did not take the punch hard, but took out the dagger to stab Li Pingfan's coming fist. .

Papapapa, there was only a sound of metal breaking, and Wang Ming's dagger was directly smashed by Li Pingfan.

Wang Ming looked at the shattered dagger, and the anger in his heart burst out instantly. This time, Wang Ming used 120% of his strength to hit Li Pingfan with the same punch. Li Pingfan also punched the same punch. , Another sound of bone breaking came out.

Just as the people around were seeing whose bones were broken.

Wang Ming folded his arms and shouted, "My hand is useless, my hand is useless."

On the other hand, Li Pingfan acted like a normal person, looked at Wang Ming who was holding his arms and said, I can go this time.

Wang Ming had already lost his mind at this moment, he just wanted to kill Li Pingfan, so when Li Pingfan left with the three of them, Wang Ming shot again.

At this moment, Li Pingfan was still holding Li Mo, and it happened that Li Mo in his arms woke up. Seeing Wang Ming attacking Li Pingfan, Li Mo quickly reminded Li Pingfan to be careful.

Li Pingfan used his skills in an instant, mobilizing the aura of heaven and earth to protect himself. Wang Ming punched Li Pingfan's back. Wang Ming laughed proudly in an instant, haha, Li Pingfan, you received my punch, today you must die , even if it does not die, it will be disabled, haha, Wang Ming laughed again.

At this moment, Li Pingfan put down Li Mo and turned to look at Wang Ming.

Wang Ming showed an expression of disbelief, how is it possible, it is impossible, you have been punched by me, it is impossible for nothing to happen, you must be pretending, I don't believe it.

Li Pingfan didn't waste any nonsense, he used his skills, his own strength increased again, and he directly raised his kick to Wang Ming, and Wang Ming just knelt down, because Li Pingfan's kick directly killed Wang Ming's descendants, presumably In this life, Wang Ming has no chance to stay behind.

At this moment, another strong voice came.

This brother, even if there is a great hatred, there is no need to let him die.


		