

Chapter 78

strange call

After several people finished their food, Li Pingfan sent them back to the dormitory separately, and returned to his own place.

After Li Pingfan returned home, it was strange that Li Mo was not there, so Li Pingfan thought that something happened to Li Mo again, so he quickly called Yan Lu to confirm.

Yan Lu said to Li Pingfan that Li Mo had already left and returned to Li's house, so Li Pingfan could practice with peace of mind.

The night passed quickly.

It was another morning.

Li Pingfan is still in the state of cultivation, because he is really free today, and Li Mo is not here, they have Yan Lu to take care of them, and they will definitely tell him if something happens, so there is no need to worry too much, so Li Pingfan continued to practice , but it is obvious that due to the lack of aura, the speed of cultivation is really slow. Fortunately, the opportunity happened to him these few days, otherwise he would not be able to break through so quickly, and even reshaped his own bones. Li Pingfan thought, if every day It would be great to have such an opportunity, obviously this is impossible.

Li Pingfan was no longer in the mood to continue practicing, so he went to the Chinese Medicine Street again to shop for goods. This time when Li Pingfan came back from the Chinese Medicine Street, he held two herbs in his hand and planted them in the garden separately. Although the two herbs were not Spiritual grass, but there is also a trace of spiritual energy in it, the main thing is to cultivate it well, and one day it will become a spiritual grass.

In this way, the morning passed, and the afternoon came again in a blink of an eye.

Just then the phone rang.

Li Pingfan looked at his phone, it was a call from an unfamiliar number.

Li Pingfan hung up immediately.

After a while, Li Pingfan's phone rang again.

Li Pingfan looked at the same phone.

I wanted to hang up, but I thought what if it was my friend calling from someone else's mobile phone, so Li Pingfan picked up the phone.

Hello? Is it Li Pingfan?

It's me, who are you?

It doesn't matter who I am, the important thing is that something will happen to Hu Yinger tonight, be careful, there is a beeping sound of hanging up from the other end of the phone.

Li Pingfan was confused, he didn't ask anything, so he hung up the phone?

So Li Pingfan called back again.

But the number coming from the opposite side was empty.

Li Pingfan was a little speechless, but he said that Hu Yinger would have an accident tonight, and Li Pingfan immediately thought of Zhang Shaohuang.

Zhang Shaohuang wanted to touch Hu Yinger, Li Pingfan knew about it a long time ago, but he just didn't know when to do it.

But what puzzled Li Pingfan was who was sending the news to him. If the news was true, why did this person help him, and how did he know that he would definitely protect Hu Yinger? So if it's fake, then why did he bother? Li Pingfan couldn't figure it out either, but since he already knew the news, it would be better to go to Hu Yinger himself, so that even if there was some conspiracy in it, with his own strength, as long as he wasn't a mid-to-late earth-level person, they wouldn't be able to do anything. Can't help myself.

So Li Fanfan called Hu Yinger, and after Hu Yinger answered the phone, she told Li Fanfan where she was, and Li Fanfan got up and went.

Soon, Li Pingfan came to the classroom where Hu Yinger was studying and found a corner seat to sit down.

The whole afternoon passed in a blink of an eye, and Li Pingfan walked to Hu Yinger's side after class.

I'll go, who is this, he actually got so close to Zhang Shao's woman, he wanted to die, when people around saw Li Pingfan approaching Hu Yinger, they began to point and say.

Li Pingfan and Hu Yinger didn't care about the advice of the people around them, so they left here.

Why are you here? Hu Yinger didn't know what to say, so she asked awkwardly.

Oh, it's okay, I want to see you, Li Pingfan also responded with some embarrassment.

Indeed, I can't say it myself. Someone called me and said that you will be in danger tonight and let me protect you. Of course, these words must not be said to her.

Young Master Zhang, I just saw Hu Yinger with a man.

What? Who is she with, take me to see who is impatient and dares to force a woman with Lao Tzu.

When Zhang Shaohuang saw Li Pingfan, his previous arrogance instantly dropped a lot.

Zhang Shao is him.

Everyone, he is the one we are going to kill today, and he is the one who humiliated me.

Young Master Zhang, it's him, it's a small matter, it's up to me, I'll kill him right now, one of the middle-aged men said.

No, we're coming as planned.

Everyone nodded.

But why is he here? You have to find a way to lure him away, otherwise the plan won't work.

Zhang Shao led him away, small problem, leave it to me, said the middle-aged man from before.

Okay, please, Zhang Shaohuang said.

Li Pingfan and Hu Yinger wandered aimlessly on the side of the road, but neither of them spoke. If they were not walking together, they would feel like two strangers.

It's a fortune teller, it's a fortune teller, no money is not allowed.

There was a small stall not far from them, and a man was yelling for fortune-telling.

When Hu Yinger saw the fortune teller, her eyes seemed yearning, but Li Pingfan never believed in it, because he knew that it was useless in the world of self-cultivation, because in the world of self-cultivation, everyone believed that my fate was up to me, otherwise There will not be so many people who will set foot on the road of finding immortality.

Do you want to do fortune telling? Li Pingfan asked.

Hu Yinger nodded, I want to calculate my marriage... The last two words are very quiet, but Li Pingfan still heard it.

Li Pingfan was also a little speechless, thinking that a beautiful girl like you still needs to test the marriage, as long as you don't choose, a large group of people will marry you.

Hu Yinger didn't know these thoughts, if Hu Yinger knew, she would be so angry that she vomited blood.

all right, let's go.

The two came to the booth.

How much does the boss calculate once.

Hey, fortune-telling depends on fate, as long as there is fate, you don't need money, if you don't have fate, no matter how much money you give, it won't be counted for you.

So am I destined, Hu Yinger asked.

I see that the girl's face is full of radiance, she is a destined person, but my ability is not enough, so I can't count the girl's hexagram.

Ah, forget it.

However, my master can.

What about your master and other old people?

The boss at the hexagram stall pointed to the room behind him and said, in the inner room, the master generally does not receive hexagrams unless there is a predestined person, if you have time, you can go in and let the master see if you are a predestined person.

Hu Yinger looked at Li Pingfan and then at the stall owner.

Li Pingfan knew what was going on in Hu Yinger's mind, but he was still a little uneasy, fearing that it might be deceitful, but seeing Hu Yinger's expectant eyes, it was really hard to refuse.

OK, I'll go with you.

Wait a minute, you can't go in, only her.

Li Pingfan looked at Hu Yinger's eyes again, and couldn't bear it in his heart.

Okay, then you go, if you have anything, tell me in time.

After hearing Li Pingfan's confirmation, Hu Yinger got up and went indoors.


		