

Chapter Forty-Six

The arrival of Lu Shengshou

Wait a minute, the eldest lady Sumei said.

Oh? Does mother-in-law have any orders?

Marriage is also particular. My Li family marrying a daughter is not so easy to fool. Not to mention asking you to marry my family Weiwei, at least you have to welcome your new house. Is it against the rules to come to my Li family to arrange it? .

Besides, getting married is a major event. You, a junior, can't completely decide what your parents want. At least let our two families meet and discuss it before deciding on it.

My mother-in-law, everything should be prioritized, and my grandfather completely obeys my wishes in this matter. I believe his old man will come to watch the ceremony in a while.

After tonight, the Li and Lu families are like brothers. In the future, our two families will be one family. If anyone dares to bully you, it will not give our Lu family face, and we will never let him go.

Don't talk about it, mother, I will marry, and I will marry tonight.

At this time, Li Wei's voice came from the door, it seemed a little weak, but he could still hear what he said.

Haha, Sister Weiwei, she looks even more stunning after dressing up, I like it.

Sure enough, it is stunning, if you tarnish such stunning beauty, wouldn't it ruin the reputation of others, Li Pingfan said at this time.

Li Pingfan, didn't you say that you would not intervene in this matter? I kindly asked you to watch the ceremony, are you going to ruin my wedding?

I really didn't want to intervene before, but now I have changed my mind and I want to take care of it.

You, you, you know the consequences.

Oh? What are the consequences? Let's hear it.

Are you not afraid that my Lu family will not let you gain a foothold in this coastal area?

Haha, don't you keep troubling me again? But I'm still staying in Binhai, so what can you do to me.

Good, good, good, Li Pingfan, if you dare to intervene in this matter today, I will definitely make it impossible for you to survive in Binhai.

Then you can try it.

After finishing speaking, Li Pingfan punched Lu Feng in the first place, and Lu Feng fell back more than ten meters in an instant, and fell to the ground. The Lu family's followers hurriedly helped Lu Feng up.

Take him back, I'm afraid he won't be able to get married today.

Who has the guts to hurt my grandson.

A crisp sound came into the courtyard.

Grandpa, you counted it, it was him, Li Pingfan, who injured me.

Xiaofeng, lie down quickly and let grandpa give you the needle.

After Lu Feng lay down according to Lu Shengshou's wishes, Lu Shengshou began to treat Lu Feng. After a while, Lu Feng's complexion obviously improved a lot.

You help the young master to rest aside.

The attendant responded and helped Lu Feng aside.

Is it you who hurt my grandson?

It's me, Li Pingfan said firmly.

How courageous, you really don't know how to live or die, dare to bully my Lu family, you won't survive today.

Haha, Li Pingfan laughed, your useless grandson said the same thing before, but don't you think I'm here to play without loss?

Hmph, what a mouthful of life and death, what a pity.

It's a pity your sister, Li Pingfan is not angry.

If you want to fight, you can fight, and you can use your tongue here. You old man thinks that I am afraid of you, Li Pingfan said.

Hmph, the old man is not here today to care about you, the little brat, the old man is here for the important affairs of our Li and Lu families. After tonight's incident, you will die on the street.

Haha, Li Pingfan laughed, I am here today, I am afraid your grandson will not be blessed to marry.

It's not your turn to decide this matter.

Ladies and gentlemen, are you going to let this little boy run wild here?

At this moment, the hearts of the two ladies are also very complicated, one is about their daughter's life-long event, and the other is about their father's life and death. Although they really hated the Lu family very much, when Lu Shengshou treated his grandson before, his medical skills were indeed extraordinary, and he was worthy of being the number one doctor in Binhai.

You have to think about it, you have seen my grandfather's medical skills just now, if you don't agree, then my grandparents and grandchildren will have to leave, then Grandpa Li can only ask for blessings, and I will give you another ten minutes Consider time, if you haven't decided yet, then...

Ten minutes passed in a blink of an eye.

It seems that you still haven't thought about it. Grandpa, let's go. They don't need our help. After talking about it, the Lu family is ready to leave.

Wait a moment. Sumei shouted.

This little friend, forgive us for our poor hospitality, please don't interfere in this matter. ,

Auntie don’t want it, mom, please persuade auntie, Li Mo said.

He is very powerful, and he will definitely be able to cure grandpa, why don't you believe me?

Hey, silly daughter, since ancient times, medicine needs to be studied. Look at him, how old he is, how can his medical skills compare to the long-famous Lu Shengshou.

Mother, aunt, please believe me this time, Li Mo begged.

Li Pingfan walked up to Li Mo, patted her on the shoulder, and shook his head gently at her.

Haha, okay, since you all agreed, let my grandson and my granddaughter-in-law get married as soon as possible.

Get married, then you must cure my father first, otherwise, we will not allow you to get married.

Hmph, you two juniors, if you refuse to accept the debt after I save it, then wouldn’t I suffer from being dumb? No, I must get married first. If you are negotiating conditions, then my grandparents and grandchildren will leave now.

No, how do we know if your words don't count, if your words don't count, then my daughter...said a drop of tears from her eyes loosened.

OK, Xiaofeng, let's go.

Wait a moment.

This time Li Ping did speak.

How about this, let me think of a compromise for you, so that you will not suffer, do you want to listen to it?

If Li Pingfan has any compromises, tell me quickly, I am still in a hurry to marry Weiwei.

Okay, Young Master Lu, don't worry, you will be able to marry your Weiwei in a while.

Since it is a marriage, how can there be no elders present? The old Lu of the Lu family is all there, and the old man of the Li family, how can he not be there? Two newlyweds get married, and after they get married, Lu Sheng will do his best to heal them, wouldn't it be enough?

Okay, I think this method is very good, what does Lu Shengshou think? Sumei said quickly.

Humph, little boy, don't think I don't know what you're planning, but this method is indeed possible.

Then take me to see my old friend.

With that said, the people from the Li family led everyone to the ward of the old man of the Li family.


		