

Chapter Forty-Five

forced marriage

First Madam, Second Madam, I'm sorry, I didn't stop them.

It's okay, butler Zhao, you can go down first.

Oh, isn't this my future mother-in-law?

Lu Feng, we should welcome you when you come, but you must also know the relationship between our two families, so if you are sensible, you should leave as soon as possible.

Goodbye, mother-in-law, I'm here to help you.

Help us, hum, we don't need your help, Li Wei said.

Sister Weiwei, I didn't expect you to be so irritable, but I like to tame irritable women, hahahahaha.

Bah, nasty.

Haha, Sister Weiwei, you won't call me obscene until tonight, think about what you will say?

You will say, husband, you are awesome. Ha ha.....

Lu Feng, don't even think about touching a hair of my sister.

Oops, silently, I didn't expect you to come back, today I can really fly together, God is too kind to me, arranged for me two such two stunning beauties, it seems that I have something tonight Busy, hahaha...

Lu Feng, if you dare to talk nonsense again, don't blame our Li family for being rude to you, the lady said.

Oh, mother-in-law, don't be angry, be careful if you get angry, otherwise you won't be able to drink the tea I'm offering you.

Someone came to see off the guests, at this time the second lady said.

Haha... The two mother-in-laws, there are no people in the courtyard at the moment, and they have already been taken down by the experts I invited, so now I have the final say on the Li family.

Come, send the dowry to my two mother-in-laws.

Behind Lu Feng, there were more than a dozen people carrying various betrothal gifts.

Mother-in-law, are you satisfied with these?

Get the hell out of my house.

Haha... I knew you guys wouldn't be satisfied, so I have some good news.

Go away, no one will listen.

Hey, don't worry, two mother-in-laws, listen to me first, maybe you will change your mind.

Say something quickly, fart quickly, and get out of here after you fart.

If the two mothers-in-law agree to marry Weiwei and Momo to me at the same time, my grandfather said that he will come to treat Grandpa Li immediately.

Presumably when my grandfather comes, Grandpa Li's illness is not a big problem, and it is guaranteed that Grandpa Li can still enjoy his life.

If you don't agree, then it's really a pity, and I'm going to collect Grandpa Li's body tomorrow.

The two mother-in-laws can think about it carefully, there is still time to think about it, but you have to hurry up, after tonight, even if you agree, Grandpa Li will not be able to save him.

At this time, the two wives are not as arrogant as before, because they know what this means. If the old man really cannot be saved, then the Li family will be wiped out from Binhai. fell silent.

Don't even think about it, Lu Feng, let alone marry us two, just touch my sister and me, I want you to look good, Li Mo said at this moment.

Momo, don't make such a big fuss, we can discuss things.

Lu Feng hurried forward to grab Li Mo's hand. At this moment, Lu Feng felt a little cold in his body, because at this time he saw Li Pingfan, and quickly retracted his hands.

Who am I? It turns out to be Young Master Lu. I just heard that Young Master Lu wants to discuss something. What are you discussing? Can I discuss it with you.

Li Pingfan, why are you here?

Hey, I've been here for a long time, didn't Young Master Lu see it? It's also because young master Lu is so busy, busy marrying two wives, so he can take care of me.

Cut the crap, do you want to get involved in this matter?

Oh, no, no, I've always been a person who has nothing to do with myself, and I'll hang on high. If you're busy with your work, I'll never interfere. But, Li Mo, you can't move.

You also know that it's not easy to make money these days, and I took money from his father to eliminate disasters for others, so she can't lose a hair, otherwise you know what will happen to you.

After Li Pingfan finished speaking, everyone in the audience was stunned.

Who dares to threaten Lu Feng? He is a person from Binhai. He was the one who threatened others before. Who dares to threaten him? At this moment, the people in the courtyard began to scrutinize Li Pingfan again.

Well, since you don't intervene in this matter, I won't touch Li Mo either.

Li Pingfan took Li Mo and sat aside.

Weiwei, what do you think, as long as you become my wife, Grandpa Li can enjoy the rest of his life, and your Li family will definitely prosper again.

Li Wei stared at Lu Feng viciously, and several hours passed like this.

it is good.

At this moment, a weak voice came out from Li Wei's mouth.

Haha, Sister Weiwei, I knew you would agree.

Sister, don't do it.

Okay, then let's get married tonight, haha... Lu Feng laughed out loud.

Lu Feng picked up his mobile phone, and after calling Lu Shengshou, he ordered his subordinates to go down and start decorating the wedding room.

Wei Wei, your decision is very wise, it's getting late soon, hurry up and get dressed, we will have a wedding ceremony tonight, haha... Li Pingfan, I beg you, please save my sister.

Li Pingfan shook his head.

Forget it, my sister doesn't need to beg him, I'll marry you.

No, sister, sister don't want it.

Lu Feng, I will kill you.

As he spoke, Li Mo picked up a dagger from nowhere and stabbed at Lu Feng.

At this time, Lu Feng dodged sideways and punched back directly. Just when the punch was about to hit Li Mo, Li Pingfan caught Lu Feng's punch, and punched Lu Feng directly. chest, Lu Feng stepped back a dozen steps in an instant.

Young Master Lu, why don't you talk too much? If you say it, don't touch her. Li Pingfan pointed at Li Mo.

At this moment, Lu Feng was so angry, she was the one who wanted to kill me, so why did I do it first, what a dumb person who eats Coptis chinensis, I can't tell the pain.

Li Pingfan, you are cruel.

Li Mo, I advise you not to do anything, otherwise, I will get it back from your sister.

mean.

Weiwei, hurry up, no one will save you, haha...

With tears in her eyes, Li Wei left here dejectedly.


		