

Brother Fan, do you still remember those people who blocked Huangmao and Four Eyes?

Li Pingfan thought for a while and said, he was a bit impressed.

They are people from third-party forces, but they obey Wang Huo.

Wang Huhu, Li Pingfan asked back.

This Tiger Wang belongs to Young Master Zhang.

Young Master Zhang, Li Pingfan has heard a new name. Li Pingfan has been here for almost two weeks, and he has never heard of or met this person Zhang Shao.

But this also makes sense, after all, Li Pingfan has not met everyone, neither has Wu Yanxia or Li Pingfan.

That is Young Master Zhang. His real name is Zhang Shaohuang. He is from the Zhang family. The Zhang family can be regarded as one of the best business empires in Binhai, but Young Master Zhang rarely shows up. I didn’t see him last semester, so I know very little about him, and what I know is the information on the market.

But I heard that he went to two schools at the same time, one is our medical university, the other is the business school. I also heard about these things from the young master of the Lin family, and I don't know anything else.

Then why do you judge him as one of the three major forces? Li Pingfan asked suspiciously.

I also accidentally found out by coincidence that in the last semester, Wang Huo's subordinates moved Lu Feng's people, and Lu Feng had already called the Master to intercept those people.

It's just that a bald head appeared later, and Lu Feng turned his head and left in an instant. After many years of inquiring, I found out that this bald head is Zhang Shao's right-hand man. It's just that he is an off-campus personnel, not in school, so there is no such person Information.

You know, I know 80% of the information about the medical university, but this person is not in the medical university, so I just... Su Haokai didn't continue talking.

Afterwards, I checked this Young Master Zhang and found out that he was from the Zhang family, so I concluded that he was the third largest force.

After this understanding, Li Pingfan also concluded that this Su Haokai was 100% an intelligence source.

After Li Pingfan listened to it, he yearned for strength even more in his heart. If he had the strength on Ziwei Star, even if they were tied together, Li Pingfan could crush them to death with one finger.

But I can't do it now, I'm just a scumbag at the first level of Qi training, and I don't even know the level division of this star field, and I don't even know the abilities of the warriors in this star field.

Even why Yan Lu's level is lower than Yuan Hao's but her fighting power is more fierce than Wang Tie's.

Li Pingfan dared to conclude that if Yuan Hao and Yan Lu were to fight, Yan Lu would definitely win.

Brother Fan, Brother Fan, Su Haokai called a few times, seeing that Li Pingfan did not answer himself.

I rely on Brother Fan not to fall asleep, he can fall asleep here, what a strange person, at this time Huang Mao said something.

Fatty, thank you for saying so much.

Damn, Brother Fan, you're not asleep, we all thought you were asleep.

And Brother Fan, these are all trivial things, but Brother Fan, I have a small request, can you agree to me.

Come on, what request, if I can help you, I will help you.

Ahaha, Su Haokai scratched the back of his head and said foolishly, Brother Fan, can I help you as a teacher, you call me martial arts, I also want to be a martial artist, every time I am bullied by them, I also want to practice martial arts to protect myself.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan was indeed a little embarrassed, it wasn't that he didn't accept it, but that he practiced it. Su Haokai couldn't practice it, so Li Pingfan could only refuse him.

Fatty, I can't promise you this request, but I will definitely help you if you have anything to do in the future.

Su Haokai walked to his bed with some disappointment. Just as he was about to lie down and sleep, Li Pingfan suddenly called out.

By the way, I have a set of body training exercises, do you want to learn it?

When Su Haokai heard the word "gongfa", he became interested instantly, and rushed to Li Fanfan again.

Brother Fan, I will learn any exercises as long as they can protect me and the people closest to me.

Well, I'll leave it to you later.

Huang Mao became interested when he heard it.

Brother Fan, I want to learn too.

You can't, yours is too thin to bear this pain.

This is true, Huangmao is indeed a little thin and weak, and he may not be able to lift 50 dumbbells, let alone learn this jumping technique.

Huangmao, go to sleep, don't think about anything, there is everything in the dream.

Alright, it's past three o'clock, so go to bed.

Soon they fell asleep.

Li Pingfan also quickly lay down and entered the state of cultivation, because Li Pingfan's exercises are special, and he is absorbing the aura of heaven and earth at all times, but it is not as fast as when he focused on cultivation.

If it wasn't for his special kung fu, even if he practiced for ten years, he might not be able to reach the third level of Qi training, but even if he practiced the current kung fu, Li Pingfan could only shorten the time by half, which is already very Satisfied.

Brother Fan, Brother Fan is about to wake up, it's already one o'clock in the noon here, if you don't get up again, there will be no food in the cafeteria.

Only then did Li Pingfan recover from his cultivation state, and they dragged him to the cafeteria without even washing his face.

Brother Fan, it’s not bad. There are still a few food places that are still open. I’ll go buy some.

After they had eaten, it was already two o'clock in the afternoon. Fortunately, today is the weekend, and they don't have to go to class, so they can do whatever they want.

Li Pingfan stopped.

Li Pingfan looked back and saw Yan Lu again.

I have something to ask you, let's talk about it here.

Li Pingfan followed.

Yan Lu took out an envelope from her pocket and handed it over. After thinking about it, she called me and left.

See you at Phoenix Bar at 8:00 tonight, Wu Yanxia.

As soon as Li Pingfan opened the envelope, Su Haokai read it out.

Brother Fan, this is Sister Xia's invitation.


		