

Chapter 69

Life and death status

So several people quickly came to the front yard and saw Liu Zhen.

Wu Zhiguo, don't come here unharmed, ten years have passed, I'm here to attend the appointment.

Liu Zhen, it's been thirty years, why do you still obsess over that false name?

Fame, Wu Zhiguo, you know what a fart, because of your recklessness, I suffered humiliation in the sect, everyone said that I was not as good as a countryman when they saw me, even my favorite junior sister ran away with others, you said This is a false name, it's all your fault, it's all your fault, you deserve to die.

This is the first time Wu Zhiguo has heard of these things, and this time he also knows why Liu Zhen hates himself so much.

Liu Zhen, I'm sorry, this is indeed the first time I've heard of these things. If I knew that something like this happened, I would definitely...

Shut up, I'm here to see you for an appointment today, and I can wait for Wu Zhiguo to finish speaking, Liu Zhen said.

Hey, Liu Zhen didn't expect you to be so obsessed. It's been thirty years, and you still can't forget the past, anyway, the old man went to the appointment.

Haha, okay, Wu Zhiguo don't say I bully you, I also heard that you had a problem with your body before, I invited Dr. Jiang Yan from Huacheng to treat you first, I'm getting yours Life, lest people say that I am invincible in victory, Liu Zhen said.

Jiang Yan, everyone was shocked when they heard this name. Who is Jiang Yan? That is a famous doctor in Huacheng. His ancestral medical skills have been passed down for a hundred years, and they have never declined. It is also a medicine left over from a hundred years ago. one of the doors.

On the contrary, Li Pingfan was not that surprised, because he didn't know the person in front of him at all, and he dared to say that comparing the medical skills of this person in front of him with his own, it was simply that a bird was compared to a swan, a stream was compared to a sea, and there was no comparison at all. Moreover, his medical skills have been acquired for more than two thousand years, which he cannot surpass, but some of his medical skills need to borrow the aura of heaven and earth to achieve unexpected results. Although ordinary acupuncture can save people, as long as However, the effect after treatment is incomparable to that after being nourished with spiritual energy, so Li Pingfan rarely reveals his medical skills. Even if he heals the person himself, he will tell the other party not to tell about his affairs.

At this time, Wu Zhiguo was also not that surprised, because his body had already been cured, so he no longer needed other doctors.

No, thank you for your concern, I am healed.

What? Everyone in the Wu family was surprised, and it was cured. What happened, everyone in the Wu family also looked confused. Suddenly, someone thought of the time when Wu Zhiguo and Li Pingfan were alone together, and instantly understood everything.

At this time, everyone in the Wu family looked at Li Pingfan, his eyes were full of gratitude, and what they never expected was that this young man had such superb medical skills.

That's okay, then stop talking so much nonsense, let's start, sign the life and death certificate according to the old rules.

As soon as the life and death status came out, people on both sides were shocked.

Dad, what's the situation with grandpa? Why do you need to sign the life and death certificate? Wu Yanxia asked.

I don't know either, and I've never heard my father mention it, Wu Chen, have you heard of it? Wu Yanxia's father asked Wu Yanxia's second uncle.

Brother Wuyang, I haven't heard from my father about this matter, so ask my younger sister if she knows the inside story.

Wu Xiao, did your father tell you about this?

The eldest brother, the second brother, and my father never told me.

Everyone in the Wu family didn't know, so they could only ask Wu Zhiguo after the competition was over.

And Liu Zhen also looked surprised.

In this short period of time, the two had already signed the certificate of life and death.

I saw that Liu Zhen took the lead and Wu Zhiguo counterattacked calmly. They fought like this for dozens of rounds.

However, Li Pingfan has seen a lot of useful information from the battle between the two. From the battle between the two, Li Pingfan can be sure that both of them are at the late stage of the Earth Rank.

This is also estimated by Li Pingfan based on his own strength. It can be seen that if the strength of the two is divided by the level of practitioners, it is at most around the fifth to sixth level of Qi training, so Li Pingfan concluded that They should be in the late stage of the earth.

Of course, this is not to say that in the late stage of the earth level, the sixth level of Qi training can be tied. If the real sixth level of Qi training is here to fight against one of them, they are definitely not opponents. After all, practitioners and warriors have essences the difference.

Li Pingfan has never seen a heaven-level master, but Li Pingfan probably knows that this level of master should be equivalent to the seventh to ninth levels of Qi training in the practitioner level. These are also from He Wuzhiguo's dialogue The conclusion obtained is because Wu Zhiguo said that only when you surpass the sky and step into the earth mirror, your own lifespan will increase. This is the same as breaking through the foundation building period during the Qi training period. As long as you can break through to the foundation building period, you can also break through the mortal world. The life of a man increases his life by a hundred years.

From this point, Li Pingfan concluded that this star field was also a world of cultivating immortals thousands of years ago, but he didn't know why the aura of heaven and earth was exhausted, which made it impossible to practice normally.

On the other hand, Wu Zhiguo and Liu Zhen had already fought hundreds of moves in this short period of time, and they were still tied. However, Li Pingfan could tell that Wu Zhiguo had fallen into a disadvantage at this time. Ten strokes Wu Zhiguo will definitely lose.

Sure enough, as Li Pingfan expected, at the thirty-eighth move, Wu Zhiguo was beaten to the ground by Liu Zhen.

Wu Zhiguo, you lost, take your life, Liu Zhen walked slowly towards Wu Zhiguo.

Dad, grandpa, and everyone in the Wu family were ready to go forward to save Wu Zhiguo upon seeing this.

Don't come here, this is the cause I made, and I can only understand the effect.

Everyone in the Wu family was stopped by Wu Zhiguo.

Wu Zhiguo, do you have any last words to say, so as not to have regrets after death, Liu Zhen walked to Wu Zhiguo's side and said.

Liu Zhen, I'm sorry, I really didn't know that my recklessness in my youth brought you so much trouble. If I were given another chance, I would definitely not go to Huacheng.

Hahahahahahaha, Wu Zhiguo, do you think that if you apologize to me on the deathbed, I will not kill you? I tell you, it's impossible, don't even think about it.

You don't know the insults I received, the indifference I received, being excluded everywhere, even having meals with outer disciples, and being ridiculed by a group of scumbags like them, do you know how I got here during that period? Do you think you can understand my grievances by saying sorry? You dream, you damn, you damn.

Come on, if you have any last words, tell your clan members quickly, Liu Zhen said.

Thank you for giving me time to leave my last words.


		