

Chapter 111

Meet Nalan Yu again

Li Pingfan and Lin Jiaqi in Liangzhou returned home after having lunch.

Lin Jiaqi briefly told Lin Bo about her resignation.

Lin Bo didn't say anything but respected Lin Jiaqi's decision.

Ding, at this moment Lin Jiaqi's cell phone rang suddenly.

Lin Jiaqi turned on her phone and saw a text message with a payment of 6,000 yuan.

Lin Jiaqi knew that this was a salary, but the salary was much higher, so Lin Jiaqi hurriedly called back.

Boss Wang.

It's Jiaqi, what's the matter, is it because the salary hasn't arrived?

No, no, the salary has already arrived, but you paid it wrong?

Ah, right? how is this possible.

I worked for 15 days, and it was 200 yuan a day, but you sent me 6,000 yuan, which was 3,000 yuan more, Lin Jiaqi explained.

Oh, then wait a moment and I will ask the finance side.

Well, Lin Jiaqi hung up the phone.

Five minutes later, Lin Jiaqi's cell phone rang.

Lin Jiaqi picked up the phone.

Hello, Boss Wang.

Yes, it is true that they paid 3,000 more, and they paid a whole month's salary. How about this? Do you have time now? You come to the store and go to the bank with the accountant to deal with this matter, do you think it is ok?

Lin Jiaqi turned to look at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan nodded to Lin Jiaqi.

Alright Boss Wang, I'll go over to Lin Jiaqi to reply right away.

Soon Li Pingfan and Lin Jiaqi came to the restaurant again.

Jackie, you are here.

Well, here we come.

Wait a minute, I'll call them, Boss Wang is leaving here.

After a while, a few familiar faces came out from the inner room, they were the three of Liang Shao from the morning, and there were a few new faces behind these three, but judging from their momentum, they should all be warriors.

When Li Pingfan looked at Young Master Liang, he seemed a little unbelievable, because Young Master Liang's bloated face had now recovered.

There are masters, this is Li Pingfan's first reaction.

After a few more breaths, Li Pingfan saw an acquaintance again in disbelief, this person was Nalan Yu, Li Pingfan didn't expect to see him again just a few days after he came to Liangzhou.

When Li Pingfan saw Nalan Yu, he felt a little uneasy in his heart. He was afraid that Nalan Yu would recognize him. Although his appearance had changed, if he looked carefully, he could see some clues.

Sure enough, when Nalan Yu looked at Li Pingfan, his eyes changed slightly.

Boss Wang, what do you mean by this. Lin Jiaqi said.

Jiaqi, you can't blame me for this, I also have difficulties, I am a small shop here, how can I not do what Young Master Liang ordered? Boss Wang showed a helpless expression.

Since Young Master Liang asked us to come over, Young Master Liang, if you have anything to say, just say it. Lin Jiaqi said.

Jiaqi, you may not know that I am a person who must take revenge. You said that he hit me at noon. Do I want to get back on the table? Liang Shao pointed at Li Pingfan, but what? , if you don't want to see him kneeling in front of me and being beaten to death, I have another way.

any solution.

If you stay with me tonight, I won't bother him any more, and if I send you more 3000, you won't have to pay it back. You can think about it.

Young Master Liang, let's not think about it, let's do it, Li Pingfan immediately refused.

Lin Jiaqi looked at Li Pingfan, worried about him.

Li Pingfan gave Lin Jiaqi a reassuring look.

Li Pingfan knows that as long as Nalan Yu doesn't make a move, he can easily deal with those people with Liang Shao's skills, but if Nalan Yu makes a move, then he must use the wind control technique to defeat them. If this is the case, Li Pingfan will inevitably It would reveal his identity, so Li Pingfan looked at Nalan Yu.

Who is Young Master Liang? Li Pingfan pointed to Nalan Yu and said.

Since you asked, boy, I'll let you be a fool. He is Nalan Yu, the young master of the Nalan family, but don't worry, boy, he won't make a move.

That's good, Li Pingfan muttered in a low voice.

Jiaqi, are you really not thinking about it? Maybe one of your decisions will save his life, Liang Shao said arrogantly.

Young Master Liang, do you have long ears? I said I don't think about it, let's do it quickly, I can go home and sleep after the beating, Li Pingfan said.

Damn boy, since you want to seek death so quickly, I will satisfy your request and beat him to death. Young Master Liang gave an order, and the three warriors behind him surrounded Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan directly attacked a bald man. The speed of the action shocked everyone in front of him. It was too fast. Before the bald man could react, Li Pingfan punched him several meters away Blood fell to the ground.

The remaining two who saw this scene did not dare to take the slightest hint, and attacked Li Pingfan respectively.

Li Pingfan dealt with the two very calmly. Judging from the strength displayed by these two people, Li Pingfan estimated that they should be between the middle and late stages of the Mysterious Rank.

At this moment, the two of them realized that something was wrong. No matter how powerful their own offensive was, the opponent was still very calm. At this moment, the two of them knew that the opponent seemed to have stepped into the realm of the earth. If they had stepped into the earth, they must not opponent.

What the hell are you two doing, beat him to death? Seeing that the battle is in a state of anxiety, and even his own people are still a little behind, Young Master Liang couldn't help but yelled.

When the two heard Liang Shao's words, they attacked Li Pingfan with all their strength at the same time.

It's time to end, Li Pingfan said.

Boom, Li Pingfan punched one of them directly, turned around and kicked again, and the two of them flew backwards to the sides.

Bang, the two fell heavily to the ground.

Seeing such a situation, Young Master Liang was stunned. He thought to himself that he could be called a master. What kind of things did my father find for me?

But what he didn't know was that these three were bodyguards who protected his father all the year round. Of course, their strength should not be underestimated, but what they met was Li Pingfan, who was not from this star field. totally different.

Liang Shao.


		