

Chapter 128

Hexian Village

Li Pingfan woke up the next day.

Brother Pingfan, you are awake.

Well, by the way, I just came here yesterday, and I don't know your name yet? what is your name. Li Pingfan asked.

My name is Rosie.

Luo Xue, nice name, how old are you?

I am sixteen years old.

Sixteen years old, based on Li Pingfan's knowledge of the star field in this world, sixteen years old should be the age to go to school, but why didn't he go to school? Li Pingfan was puzzled, but these were not Li Pingfan's worries.

So where are we here?

Our village is called Hexian Village.

Hexian Village, Li Pingfan suddenly felt that the name was very familiar, as if he had heard it somewhere before. He tried hard to recall whether he had heard about this village on Ziwei Star, but after thinking about it for a long time, he had no idea, so Li Pingfan wanted to go around the village. turn around.

That, Luo Xue, can you take me around the village later? Li Pingfan said.

Um... Luo Xue thought for a while and said, yes, but I want two big cats on your shoulders.

Li Pingfan sighed, this is not a big cat.

This is not a big cat, they are called Bai Jinghu.

Ah, tigers, I hugged them yesterday.

Haha, Li Pingfan said with an embarrassed smile, it's okay, they are still young and won't hurt others, but if you want them, I'm afraid it will be bad if they hurt you in the future.

Well then, I'll take you there.

Speaking of which, Luo Xue took Li Pingfan to the surrounding area of ​​the village.

This is the entrance of the village. This is the only way to go up the mountain. This is the most prosperous place in the village and the place with the most people. This is a river in the village. People in the village drink the water here to grow up. of.

After Luo Xue's introduction, Li Pingfan followed Luo Xue around the village. At first, he didn't find anything. When he came to the center of the village, Li Pingfan's scalp felt numb instantly. Great array.

Li Pingfan couldn't believe it. It wasn't until he came to the center of the village that Li Pingfan realized that this village was indeed a big formation, and even Li Pingfan didn't know what this big formation was.

With Li Pingfan's formation skills, he dare not say he knows all the formations in the world, but there are 60% of the big formations that Li Pingfan is absolutely familiar with.

But the good thing is that this large formation has not yet been activated, so Li Pingfan is not sure what this large formation is for.

At this moment, Li Pingfan thought of the letter from the spirit of heaven and earth again. Could it be that there is something sealed under this big formation? Li Pingfan shook his head vigorously, no, if this is really the case, as early as a thousand years ago, monks in this world would not have left such things that could endanger future generations.

Li Pingfan walked around the village again, and this time Li Pingfan felt even more numb, because he found that the village had always been a prison, plus this large formation, Li Pingfan didn't dare to think, if someone deliberately For this reason, to keep these people in captivity, and when the time is right, open a large formation to absorb their life essence, so as to achieve the purpose of prolonging life, well, it is possible.

Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Li Fanfan doesn't know exactly what this big formation can do now, and everything before is just Li Fanfan's conjecture, because this big formation has not been activated, so Li Fanfan doesn't know what he can do specifically, but these don't seem to be Dare to do nothing, anyway, I just stayed in this place for a while and was about to leave.

Li Pingfan shook his head vigorously again, thinking in his heart, forget it.

Brother Pingfan, what's wrong with you.

At this time Li Pingfan heard Luo Xue calling himself.

Only then did Li Pingfan come to his senses.

Oh...it's okay, I just remembered something from the past.

Well, that...Brother Pingfan, I'm a little hungry.

Hey, yes, I forgot, we haven't eaten yet, I'll cook something delicious for you when we go home.

Um.

When the two returned home, Li Pingfan made food.

By the way, where is Grandpa Luo?

Grandpa, he goes up the mountain early every day and comes back very late at night.

After the two finished eating, Li Pingfan returned to his room and began to practice.

Li Pingfan used the exercises, and Li Pingfan discovered that the aura of heaven and earth in this place has been absorbed by the formation.

Li Pingfan gasped, how could it be possible, how could a large formation that was not activated automatically absorb spiritual energy to nourish itself, Li Pingfan was very puzzled.

Li Pingfan tried to snatch the aura of heaven and earth with Dazheng, although he could snatch it, but the aura he got was very scarce, so Li Pingfan took out the spiritual origin stone to prepare for cultivation, but the moment Li Pingfan just took out the spiritual origin stone , the spiritual energy of the spiritual source stone frantically rushed towards the direction of the formation, Li Pingfan was a little dazed for a moment, so he quickly put away the spiritual source stone and put it into the ring.

In this way, Li Pingfan continued to compete with Dazhen for spiritual energy.

Time soon came to night.

Hey, hey, hey, is brother Pingfan there?

Li Pingfan felt that someone was calling him, so Li Pingfan stepped out of the cultivation state.

Well, I'm here. What's the matter with Xiaoxue?

Grandpa hasn't come back yet, I'm afraid something will happen to him.

Okay, let's go find Grandpa Luo together.

okay.

Li Pingfan followed Luo Xue up the mountain.

Are you Grandpa Luo's granddaughter? Li Pingfan was bored all the way, so he asked.

No, I was sent to Grandpa Luo's home by my father.

Why are you here? As far as I know, at the age of 16, he should be in school.

Dad said that he has too many enemies, so sending me to this place where no one cares about is also a kind of protection for me. To be honest, I really miss the feeling of school.

Is there anyone, help.

While the two were chatting cheerfully, they heard calls for help in front of them.


		