

Chapter 107

Extend life by 10 years

After the three of them had dinner.

Grandpa, I told Li Pingfan about you, Lin Jiaqi said.

Hey, silly granddaughter, what are you talking to him for? It's just adding another person's troubles.

Grandpa, Li Pingfan is a doctor, he can cure you, Lin Jiaqi looked at Li Pingfan and said.

Li Pingfan was also speechless for a while, and he didn't say it could be cured, but it must be no problem to prolong his life.

Yes, Grandpa Lin, I'm a medical student, you can let me try it, and if I can't say it, I can cure you?

Haha, okay, okay, grandpa believes in you, you can help me see later, even if it can't be cured, it doesn't matter, I'm an old bone, I've already lived enough.

I'm just worried about my poor granddaughter. In order to take care of me, she didn't go to school after graduating from high school. She insisted on working every day to find me, a lonely old man. Hey, I dragged her down. If it wasn't for me, Jiaqi could still be in college now Studying, playing with friends, hey, I was the one who dragged her down, and it was all my fault, as Lin Bo's eyes shed tears as he spoke.

Grandpa, stop talking, how can I blame you, these are what I should do, I don’t regret not going to college, because I have you, grandpa, as long as you are healthy, I am willing to do anything for me Yes, and at this moment, the tears in the corners of Lin Jiaqi's eyes couldn't help falling down Puda Puda's.

Watching the conversation between the two, Li Pingfan also felt inexplicably uncomfortable. This is because he has felt the warmth of family affection several times when he came to this realm.

(In the past, I have never felt these things, and I don’t even know what family and friends are. When I came to this star field, from Huber to the Li family to the Wu family and then Lin Jiaqi, they were all willing to risk their lives To protect the people he should protect, Li Pingfan has never felt this, because in the past two thousand years, Li Pingfan only had endless killings and a cold-blooded heart, but at this moment, Li Pingfan's heart was warmed again. At this time, I seem to understand the meaning of the existence of this star field)

Ordinary little friend, I made you laugh.

Without Grandpa Lin, to be honest, I really envy your family affection, but unfortunately... Li Pingfan originally wanted to say that it is a pity that he has never felt it, but he couldn't say what he said.

what a pity Limber asked.

Oh nothing.

By the way, Grandpa Lin, let's go to your room and let me feel your pulse first.

it is good.

The three came to Lin Bo's room together.

Li Pingfan stretched out his hand to feel for Lin Bo's pulse. After a few minutes, Li Pingfan said that it was indeed cancer.

Hey, ordinary little friend, if you can't cure me, forget it, I don't force it.

No, Grandpa Lin, although your disease cannot be cured, but...

But what, Lin Jiaqi asked anxiously at this moment.

But after my treatment can help you live longer.

Life extension? Lin Bo had some doubts.

Yes, life extension, I can help you extend your life by at least ten years. When Li Pingfan said this, his face clearly showed confidence.

For ten years, Lin Jiaqi stared at Li Pingfan with wide-eyed eyes.

Not only Lin Jiaqi, but even Lin Bo.

Yes, ten years, it still depends on the individual's physique, at least ten years, if you take better care of your body in the future, fifteen years will not be a problem.

After hearing it for 15 years, their eyes widened even wider.

Neither of them could believe it.

Li, Li, Li Pingfan, is what you said true? Don't lie to me, Lin Jiaqi said.

Don't worry, I won't lie to you.

What is cancer? Cancer is the proliferation of cancer cells that cause cancer cells to destroy your body and your own vitality. How to treat cancer must destroy cancer cells and restore your own vitality. They may not be able to destroy your own cancer Cells, come back to life, but I can do it.

Li Pingfan is right about this point. They really can’t kill a large number of cancer cells, but Li Pingfan can. Li Pingfan can use his own aura and seven-star acupuncture to baptize Lin Bo’s body once and let his pure aura Wandering in Lin Bo's body, thereby killing a large number of cancer cells, and then using spiritual energy to restore Lin Bo's own vitality. With such treatment, it will definitely not be a problem to live for ten years.

After Lin Jiaqi and Lin Bo listened to Li Pingfan's vague explanation, they both nodded in affirmation, wondering if they understood.

Li Pingfan looked at the two of them, speechless for a while.

Do you need any other tools? Lin Jiaqi opened the mouth and said at this moment.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, no, this is fine. Li Pingfan took out the silver needle.

Is it Chinese medicine? Lin Bo said.

Yes.

Chinese medicine is good, Chinese medicine is good, ordinary friends, you can start, you see how I need to cooperate with you.

Lin Bo, you just need to take off your clothes and lie flat on the bed, you don't need to do anything else.

it is good.

Li Pingfan took out a silver needle and pierced Lin Bo's body. Li Pingfan's technique was extremely fast, and Lin Jiaqi was dazzled. After a while, Li Pingfan had already pricked Lin Bo like a hedgehog. Mobilize your own aura, and use the Zhuanling Jue as a conduit to input aura into Lin Bo's body.

After the aura entered Lin Bo's body, it quickly wiped out the cancer cells, and after it had traveled through his entire body, the aura began to restore Lin Bo's vitality.

Half an hour later, Li Pingfan put away the exercises and pulled out the silver needle at the same time.

Lin Jiaqi helped Lin Bo up.

grandpa how are you feeling

Lin Bo squeezed his fist, feeling stronger than before, and he felt ten years younger.

Feeling the changes in himself, Lin Bo quickly thanked Li Pingfan.

Thank you, as he was about to kneel down, Li Pingfan held him up.

No need.

Seeing this, Lin Jiaqi also knew that her grandfather had recovered from her illness. Lin Jiaqi hugged Li Pingfan and thanked him with tears in her eyes.

Li Pingfan was startled by the sudden hug, feeling a little soft in front of him.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to look down, so he could only pretend to be calm and look out the window.

A few minutes later, Lin Jiaqi let go of Li Pingfan, and then she realized that she ran out of the bedroom in a hurry.


		