

Lu Feng, why are you here?

Sister Weiwei, didn't I come to save my Grandpa Li? No matter how you look at it, it seems that you are not very willing.

Hmph, are you so kind? Who doesn't know what you are for, not for...

Sigh, Sister Weiwei, you can't say that. Grandpa Li is so sick, and now I'm afraid I'm the only one who can save him. Do you want the Li family to have no head? Then you are the eternal sinner of the Li family.

Miss Wei Wei, you have to think twice.

Xiaowei, grandpa doesn't need him to save him.

grandfather...

Pfft, a mouthful of blood spit out.

grandpa, grandpa...

Sister Wei Wei, you have to think about it as soon as possible. I think Grandpa Li might die if he doesn't make it to the ambulance. You have to think about it as soon as possible. If you delay for a minute, Grandpa Li will be in more danger. One point, I'm afraid that even my grandfather may not be able to save Grandpa Li at that time.

Li Wei looked at her grandfather, and begged Lu Feng, please help my grandfather, and my Li family will definitely repay in the future.

When Lu Feng heard this, he showed a treacherous smile, as if he was plotting something.

Lu Feng walked towards the head of the Li family.

Get out, I don't want you to save me even if I die, so get out of here.

The Patriarch of the Li family said with the last ounce of strength.

Hmph, don't be ignorant, Lu Feng said.

Alas, everyone, you have also seen it. It's not that my brother Feng didn't save him. He said it himself, even if he died, we don't need to save him. We are helpless.

Hearing this, there was another burst of discussion around.

Pfft, another mouthful of blood, and then the Patriarch of the Li family fell into a coma.

Seeing her grandfather collapsed suddenly, Li Wei knelt down in front of Lu Feng and begged regardless of her own image.

Lu Feng felt ecstatic when he saw this, and evil thoughts surged in his heart.

Lu Feng quickly helped Li Wei up, Sister Weiwei, what are you doing, we are going to be a family soon, you are embarrassing my brother and me.

Lu Feng walked up to Li Wei's ear, and said softly, I have reserved a seat at the Grand Hotel at 8 o'clock tonight, and I really want to invite sister Li Wei, the chairman of Li's Pharmaceuticals of Binhai City, to have dinner with me. I don't know if Sister Weiwei can give me this face?

Li Wei suppressed her anger, looked at her grandfather next to her, and nodded heavily.

Okay, I promise you, if you can't cure my grandpa, my Li family will fight your Lu family even if it is smashed to pieces.

Lu Feng laughed out loud, sister Wei Wei, don't say that, we are a family.

It's best, don't talk nonsense and save my grandpa quickly.

Lu Feng took out the silver needle and walked towards the head of the Li family.

Don't stand still, both of you, help me quickly, and take off Grandpa Li's shirt for me.

After talking about Lu Feng, he began to give needles. It seemed that there was no way to do it without a single needle, but this kind of needle method still did not escape Li Pingfan's eyes.

Li Pingfan never imagined that this kind of acupuncture can still be seen in this world, and Li Pingfan also looked forward to it.

When Lu Feng inserted the fourth needle, Li Pingfan frowned, no, the fourth needle was a little shallow.

Alas, this needle was too deep, hey, it was shallow again, good guy, this last needle was wrong, Li Pingfan was really sweating for this old man, he could have saved it, but this made him do it like this, It has directly entered the countdown of life. If there is no treatment within eight hours, I am afraid that I will not even be able to see the sun tomorrow.

Cough, grandpa, you're awake, are you feeling okay?

The head of the Li family nodded.

Little friend, didn't you just say that you can only live for eight hours? I can see that his mental state has obviously improved a lot now.

What, who said that there are only eight hours left, damn it, I think you are impatient, there is no cure for my brother Feng.

Is that what you said? Grandpa Scar sees that you are impatient.

This slightly fat man said to Li Pingfan.

When he got closer, Li Pingfan saw a scar on the left side of the man's face.

I said what's wrong?

Okay, how dare you challenge Lord Scar, I think you really don't know how many eyes Lord Ma has.

Because he has been following Lu Feng all the time, generally speaking up to this point, the opponent has basically been frightened, and then the opponent will basically start to give in.

But this time it seemed that he encountered a hard stubble, and he was completely indifferent.

This time Lord Scar was a little at a loss, he had never encountered such a situation before, and he didn't know how to deal with it for a moment, and he was still a student at a young age, so he felt a little uneasy.

But after all, I have Lu Feng behind me, and I can't lose Brother Feng's face by saying anything. I thought about it and hit Li Fanfan. Although Li Fanfan has no spiritual power, his physical fitness over the years is definitely not comparable to ordinary people. Pingfan tilted his left foot and slapped Mr. Scar, who quickly fell backwards and fell heavily on the ground.

Oops, it hurts me so much, who the hell are you, dare to challenge the Lu family, I think you are...

what......

Before he finished speaking, Li Pingfan stomped on two of his fingers again.

did i let you talk Li Pingfan said ordinaryly.

Brother, I don't know where I, Lu Feng, have offended you. You want to treat my friend like this.

Hmph, didn't you see it just now? Eyes can be donated to those in need if they are not needed.

You... hum... how dare you ask this brother why he said that my grandfather Li can't live for eight hours?

You can see that he is in very good condition now, everyone can see it, and how can you tell that he can't live for eight hours? Don't you want my grandpa Li to live for eight hours?

Lu Feng's words turned the finger on Li Pingfan, and he was indeed very scheming.

The people around looked at Li Pingfan and whispered something in his mouth.

Li Pingfan looked at the head of the Li family and said, "Old man, if you press lightly on the place one inch below your belly button, does it feel very painful, as if ten thousand needles are piercing at the same time, pressing your right arm?" Do you feel weak in the upper joints?

Hearing this, the Patriarch of the Li family tried it.

Grandpa, what's wrong with you, you are not feeling well there.

You could have lived for another three months, let him force you to come back to life after such a stabbing, only eight hours.

Please save my grandpa. As long as you can save my grandpa, you can ask me to do anything, please, Li Wei plopped down on her knees in front of Li Pingfan and begged for this.

Li Pingfan patted his forehead. Seriously, Li Pingfan is really not a nosy person. If he hadn't talked too much, such a thing should not have happened. He didn't even find a place to stay, so he messed with himself. Down a strong enemy.


		