

Chapter 131

mountain god

Are you going to meet the mountain god?

yes, what's the problem?

Are you not afraid that she will kill you?

Li Pingfan didn't speak, but continued.

can you take me there

The little boy thought for a while and said, well, I will take you to see her while she is still sleeping, but let's talk first, and after you have a look, you have to leave quickly, the little boy said.

Li Pingfan nodded, he was really curious about what the so-called mountain god was, and he was confined to this mountain, and Li Pingfan also wanted to know what the big formation in this village had to do with him.

If possible, Li Pingfan would be more than happy to help them solve the big formation.

After being confirmed by Li Pingfan, the little boy continued to walk deep with Li Pingfan.

The further they walked in, the darker the sky became.

Going forward, there is a dark forest, hold me tight, otherwise you will get lost in the dark forest.

Li Pingfan took the little boy and continued to walk forward.

After Li Pingfan stepped into the dark forest, as expected, he couldn't see his fingers. If Li Pingfan hadn't pulled the little boy, he might not even be able to find the direction of east, west, north, south.

After a while, the two walked out of the dark forest. The sky here is indeed much brighter than the dark forest, but it is still very dim. If Li Pingfan didn't know the time to come here, Li Pingfan would really think One evening.

After walking for a while.

The little boy brought Li Pingfan to a huge house.

The appearance of this house is very retro, and there are formations around it, but the formation here is too simple, and it is estimated that it can only be used by warriors at the early stage of the local level. As for stronger warriors, one punch can blast Open this formation.

The little boy led Li Pingfan inside.

After the two walked into the house, Li Pingfan wanted to explore his spiritual consciousness, but before he could do it, he heard a girl's voice.

Little brat, where have you gone?

Li Pingfan looked in the direction of the sound.

I only saw a little girl with twin ponytails walking towards this side.

It seems that the little girl also saw Li Pingfan.

It's you.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan knew that after he left last night, the person who had been staring at him was the little girl in front of him.

Bai Jinghu, it really is Bai Jinghu, I haven't seen you for many years, I miss you so much, I stretched out my hand to grab the Bai Jinghu on Li Pingfan's shoulder.

At the same time, Li Pingfan stopped the little girl's hand and said.

Do you know that you can't tamper with other people's things without their permission.

Hahahaha, since you have come here, it proves that you are not far from death, so what is yours is mine, and what is mine is still mine.

Li Pingfan sneered and said, since I am not far from death, I have a few questions I want to ask you, can you answer them for me?

Haha, do you think I'm a three-year-old kid? It's not that easy to trick me.

If you want to know, it won't be too late for me to tell you when you are about to die, the little girl laughed when she said that.

Are you so confident that you can keep me? Li Pingfan said.

Hahahaha, there was a Taoist priest who was as confident as you before. I played with him for two days, but it was really boring, so I killed him.

Oh, is that so, how did I hear that he died at the foot of the mountain.

If it wasn't for me, I couldn't... The little girl seemed to think of something when she said this, so she stopped and didn't continue talking.

He died anyway, said the little girl.

Li Pingfan shook his head helplessly.

This girl is in a good mood today, if you don't want to be like that Taoist priest, just leave Bai Jinghu behind and I will let you go.

It's a bad place, and they won't want to stay. Li Pingfan said.

It's not up to you whether they want to or not.

At this moment, Bai Jinghu on Li Pingfan's shoulder seemed to understand the conversation between them, so he also started to scream.

The little boy at the side saw that Li Pingfan and the little girl were already at war, so he spoke.

Brother, you better leave quickly, she will really kill you.

What are you talking about, little boy. The little girl said viciously to the little boy.

Mountain God, he was brought by me, can you let him go, the little boy begged.

Let him go, let him keep Bai Jinghu, and I will let him go.

The little boy looked at Li Pingfan and didn't speak.

Li Pingfan looked at the little girl and said, it is impossible for Bai Jinghu to give it to you. If you want it, it depends on your ability.

Haha, okay, then I want to see what you are capable of, with such a big tone.

With that said, the two shot at the same time.

The little girl punched out directly, and the punch was extremely fast, and she came to Li Pingfan's face in the blink of an eye.

Fortunately, Li Pingfan's strength has broken through to the fourth level of Qi training, and his reaction speed is not comparable to before.

When the little girl's punch slammed Li Pingfang, Li Pingfang had already turned sideways to avoid it.

And the little girl's punch just hit Li Pingfan's afterimage.

Sure enough, the strength is extraordinary. From the blow just now, Li Pingfan can conclude that the little girl in front of him is above the ground level. As for the level, Li Pingfan can't be sure, it must be that the two of them just started.

You are very funny, I like it.


		