

Chapter 145

entrust, leave

injured.

Li Pingfan said with a dry smile, there is no major problem, but his spiritual power is exhausted, and he can recover after a while.

The little girl looked at Bai Jinghu beside Li Pingfan and said.

Presumably there is something for you to come here this time.

Li Pingfan nodded.

Tell me what's the matter.

Li Pingfan looked at Bai Jinghu beside him.

For them?

Li Pingfan nodded again.

Are you trying to keep them here?

Yes, and please take care of them for me.

Afterwards, the little girl used her spiritual power to establish communication with the two white crystal tigers.

The two white crystal tigers stared at the little girl with wide eyes, they didn't expect the little girl in front of them to have such strength.

Even Li Pingfan can only conduct sound transmission, but she can establish spiritual communication. One can imagine how strong she is.

Yes, they agreed, said the little girl.

Li Pingfan was relieved, and he helped them find a place to stay, but Li Pingfan looked at the little boy, wanted to say something but closed his mouth again.

The little girl also saw what Li Pingfan was worried about, so she said.

Strictly speaking, they are beasts, or alien beasts that are about to mutate, and they should not become like little kids here.

Hey, if that's the case, then I'm relieved.

Then Li Pingfan cupped his fists and said, they will trouble you in the future.

You're welcome, my wife happens to be bored, and they can help me when they come.

Then they each laughed.

By the way, you still owe me a fight, the little girl said playfully.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, what strength do I have to fight you now?

Then how did you become what you are now, the little girl said.

Li Pingfan smiled lightly and told what he had experienced in the past two days.

In the blink of an eye, it was already the next morning.

Wow, this is too exciting, I also want to fight like this, the little girl pinched her waist and said.

Unfortunately, I can't get out.

By the way, Li Pingfan, you can lure them here, my old lady beat them to death one by one, and said the little girl raised her little fist and kept waving it.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, if they really came, I am afraid that there will be no peaceful days on this mountain.

Don't be afraid, the little girl said domineeringly.

Li Pingfan glanced at her and said nothing.

Because Li Pingfan knew that the one in front of her was just a little girl who hadn't experienced much in the world, and she didn't know that people's hearts were sinister.

Well, I think I should go too, and there will be a period later, Li Pingfan cupped his hands and said.

Encounters are always short, when can I see you again? said the little girl.

I think there will always be time, goodbye, I'm leaving, they will leave to you, Li Pingfan asked again before leaving.

Don't worry, I will.

Then Li Pingfan left the place.

After Li Pingfan left, the words that encounters are always short have been echoing in his ears.

Yes, encounters are always short-lived. Li Pingfan thought of his experience in the past few thousand years. Time passed quickly. He didn't know what he would experience in this life. Li Pingfan shook his head and walked towards Qixia Mountain again. .

Another day passed, and Li Pingfan had already arrived at Qixia Mountain. Now Li Pingfan wanted to find Wu Yanxia as soon as possible, but his strength had not recovered yet, so Li Pingfan found a no-man's land and took out the source spirit stone from the ring. , frantically absorbing spiritual energy, one hour, two hours, Li Pingfan's strength has recovered to the fourth level of Qi training, and he wanted to continue to break through, but in the end Li Pingfan still held back, he had to break through the fourth level of Qi training. , the foundation is not very stable yet, and precipitation is still needed.

After Li Pingfan's strength recovered, Li Pingfan expanded his consciousness to explore every corner around him.

In the end, Li Pingfan found Wu Yanxia in a cave.

Li Pingfan was stunned when he came to the entrance of the cave. This was the cave that Bai Jinghu and his wife brought him to before.

Presumably the white crystal tiger cub must have brought her here.

Wu Yanxia heard someone enter the cave, and hugged the two white crystal tigers tightly.

After a while, the two white crystal tigers broke free from Wu Yanxia's embrace, and ran towards the entrance of the cave.

After seeing Li Pingfan, the two white crystal tigers swooped into Li Pingfan's arms.

Wu Yanxia also saw Li Pingfan, hugged Li Pingfan too, and then burst into tears.

Do you know how I spent these two days? If it weren't for these two little guys, I would be dead.

Uh, what's going on, Li Pingfan was puzzled, so he asked what happened?

Wu Yanxia let go of Li Pingfan and said, I followed them to this place, after which a large number of snakes appeared here. As Wu Yanxia spoke, she burst into tears again.

If it weren't for them, I'm afraid I would be eaten by that big snake.

What, what big snake, heard the big snake Li Pingfan asked quickly.

It was a boa constrictor, as thick as a thigh.

Hearing the boa constrictor Li Pingfan breathed a sigh of relief, he thought the five-color golden-scale python had returned.

Li Pingfan said comforting words to Wu Yanxia, ​​and then left the cave.

Where are we going? Wu Yanxia asked.

We need to get out of here as soon as possible, so let me send you back to Binhai, at least Binhai is much safer than here.

Wu Yanxia nodded, she also wanted to go back to Binhai soon, this place is really terrible, her strength here is only waiting for death.

So how do we go back? Wu Yanxia asked with some doubts.

Li Pingfan thought for a while and said, walking.

What? Wu Yanxia was shocked. Walking, there is at least 400 kilometers away from here to Binhai, and it takes a long time to walk until the Year of the Monkey.

Yes, there is no way, we can only walk, now the streets are full of people looking for me, if we are found, a big battle will be inevitable, only walking targets are not easy to find.

Wu Yanxia thought for a while, nodded and said, yes, and these two little guys, if their identities are known, it must be a catastrophe.

After that, the two came to a remote hotel.

For the convenience of taking care of each other, the two only opened one room.

Well, this is a big bed room, how are we going to sleep, Wu Yanxia asked hesitantly.

Li Pingfan slapped his forehead, he forgot to tell them they wanted a single bed, wait, I'll change it now.

Forget it, try to go out as little as possible to avoid being discovered.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, it's okay, you sleep here, I'm here, Li Pingfan pointed to an empty ground and said.

Ah, how can that be.

It's okay, I still have to practice at night.

I've been looking for it all day, and I haven't even found Li Pingfan's hair.

A man's voice came to Li Pingfan's ears.


		