

Chapter 51

Li's decline

Li Yao waved his hand and said: I recalled the past, and I feel a little sad, it's okay, I'll continue talking.

In the past three hundred years, these dozens of medicine sects were also very popular. At that time, especially my Li family, it was also very beautiful with its first-hand acupuncture. At that time, the Lu family was not worthy of carrying shoes for my Li family, but, hey , Li Yao sighed.

Grandpa Li, Li Pingfan called out.

Lee Kuan Yew waved his hand and continued.

Just 50 years ago, something happened in my Li family that changed the fate of my generation.

This matter was also a matter of the previous generation, and Li Yao fell into memories.

This matter has to start with my father.

My father’s generation had three brothers, one was my father, Li Shaolin, my second uncle, Li Shaoquan, and my third uncle, Li Shaofei, if that hadn’t happened, the three of them would have been very friendly and united, hey, Li Yao sighed again.

At that time, my father was more talented than my two uncles in studying medicine, but my second uncle liked the way of businessmen very much, but my third uncle was a lazy son, because he was born later, so The family will let him, and if he gets into trouble, the family will help him solve it one by one.

My second uncle liked the way of businessmen very much, so the family decided to let him take over the business of the sect. In the few years after my second uncle went out, my father's medical skills were also improving day by day, and he was also famous at that time Little miracle doctor, because there are many people in the surrounding counties who come to treat diseases because of their reputation, everything seems so peaceful, until my grandfather's health deteriorated during the day, and my second uncle also heard the news, and rushed back from outside. Not long after that, my grandfather passed away, and my grandma also left one after another less than half a month later.

Presumably you also know that after that, there will be a fight for the head of this sect, because my grandfather did not take the position of this sect before his death, according to the order of succession at that time, my father should inherit it.

But my second uncle did say that the position of the sect should be filled by those who are capable. He went out to do business and earned a lot of money for the family, and the position of the head of the family should be taken by him. This father will definitely not agree. Then, after family discussion, the position of head of the family is still in the hands of the father.

It was this incident that made the second uncle secretly want to murder his father, and then the second uncle colluded with the Zhang family to assassinate his father, and the methods he used were also very low. After several times of framing, his father's reputation plummeted.

At this time, a very weak family, the current Lu family, also participated in helping the second uncle seize power.

At that time, the second uncle's medical skills were completely incomparable with that of his father, and he was not qualified to compete for the head of the family. After all, the Li family was a medical family, and without medical skills, they could not gain a foothold in this world, so the second uncle agreed to join forces with the Lu family. Someone came to kill my father, and the Lu family's condition was my Li family's Huayang acupuncture method, and my second uncle also agreed to him at that time. Sit the deal.

Afterwards, the Lu family invited my father to go there with a competition of medical skills. My father was invited to go to the competition. He was robbed and killed on the road. In that battle, my third uncle died on the road in order to protect my father. The reputation continued to go to the competition site to meet the appointment, the result was obvious, the Lu family was completely defeated, and this competition also saved a little reputation for his father.

Afterwards, he returned home at the place where his father left for the competition. After more than ten days, the Huayang Acupuncture at home disappeared, and his father kept looking for it. Until half a year later, the Lu family invited his father to compete in medicine again, and sent him I gave my father an excerpt page of Huayang Acupuncture, and my father had no choice but to go to the appointment again. In this comparison, my father actually lost, and he lost completely. After the competition, my father asked Huayang Acupuncture, but the people of the Lu family, Hey, the people from the Lu family told the story. My father was very angry when he heard it. He got into a fight with his second uncle when he got home. It was this fight that cost their lives. Stabbed each other, and both of them died in the end. After that, only my mother and I were left in the family. Although we all hated the second uncle, the second uncle said before he died that the Huayang Acupuncture in the family was indeed taken by him. Yes, but when he traded with the Lu family, he only gave the Lu family one-third of the content and the rest was in his study, but when we searched in the end, we never found the remaining two-thirds Huayang Acupuncture.

After that, my Li family began to decline, because I couldn't find the rest of the medical books, and I couldn't learn medical skills. However, the medical business in Xin Hao's family was pretty good at that time, and it could support the sect, plus my own connections. The relationship can also keep the Li family from declining for fifty years.

What I didn't expect was that these 50 years have passed so quickly, and it's time for a new round of family elections. I don't know if I can maintain my Li family's status in Binhai this time. After finishing speaking, Li Yao mourned Sighed.

Since that incident, my Li family has gradually declined, as you can probably tell, my Li family is not large in number, unlike other aristocratic families that have many descendants.

Li Pingfan can really see this point, the Li family is indeed different from other aristocratic families, and the family members in such a big villa are indeed a little pitiful.

Grandpa Li, don't you have any grandchildren? Li Pingfan was very curious, because he had never seen his grandson, and he had never heard Li Mo mention that he had an older brother or younger brother.

When Li Pingfan talked about his grandson, Li Yao's eyes became rosy again. Seeing this, Li Pingfan didn't dare to ask more questions, so he changed the subject again.

By the way, didn't you say that there are three medicine gates? Who is the last family of medicine?

Yes, besides the Li family and the Lu family, there is indeed the last medical family.

It's just that this last aristocratic family is extremely mysterious, only knowing the surname Su, and this aristocratic family is not good at using medicine, but is good at using poison.

Moreover, this aristocratic family seldom shows up to the outside world. Even the last family election allowed the candidate patriarch to participate, but in the end, for some reason, the candidate patriarch did not inherit the position of patriarch, and now only knows the Su family. The caller is Su Hongyi, and I don't know the rest.

In Li Pingfan's heart, he silently speculated about these families, among them, the poison of the Su family, and the poison of Grandpa Li. Li Pingfan thought about it again. This is impossible. There was an enmity with the Li family, Li Pingfan shook his head slightly, hey, I don't want to, anyway, it has nothing to do with him.

The two continued to chat.


		