

Chapter 52

Hu Yinger's call for help

Bang bang bang, after a while, Li Wei tiptoed and knocked on the door.

Grandpa, it's time to eat.

Li Yao looked at the time and said with a smile, "Ordinary friend, it's getting late, let's go to dinner first."

Li Pingfan nodded.

When Li Yao was about to drag Li Pingfan out, he saw Li Wei beside him, and seemed to understand something.

That ordinary little friend, let me prepare first, and let Weiwei take you there.

It's not easy for Li Pingfan to refuse, so he can only do as he pleases.

Li Wei came to Li Pingfan and was about to kneel down, but Li Pingfan quickly supported Li Wei.

Miss Vivi, no need.

Li Pingfan, I know it was my fault before, I came here to apologize to you, I'm sorry, I hope you forgive me regardless of the past.

Li Pingfan looked at Li Wei and said, "Lead the way, you're right, you can't talk about unforgiveness."

Li Wei took Li Pingfan to the restaurant.

After Li Pingfan had his meal, he bid farewell to everyone in the Li family.

After Li Pingfan left, he returned to school again.

At the same time in the Li family, Li Mo showed up to his father: Dad, thank you.

What are you talking about silently? It should be us thanking you. Thanks to you, your grandfather can wake up.

Dad, that's not what I'm talking about, thank you for hiring someone to protect me secretly, Li Mo said with tears falling from the corner of his eyes.

Momo, you already know that I am also afraid that people from the Lu family will use indiscriminate means against you. I'm sorry, Dad didn't say anything to you.

No, Dad, you didn't apologize to me, I should thank you.

The two exchanged pleasantries for a while.

Li Mo's father asked, how did you know about this? Could it be that someone from your school's Lu family really attacked you?

Li Mo nodded and said: Yes, if it wasn't for Li Pingfan, I might have been poisoned by now.

It's him, no, I saw him at the time, he didn't look like this, what's wrong with Mr. Huang?

Thinking of this, Li Wei and Li Yao also thought that the way they saw Li Pingfan back then was completely different from now.

This young man definitely learned from an expert, maybe even someone who came out of it, and the medically referred to as bone displacement he used is different from the traditional disguise technique, this kind can directly change his own bones , thus changing the appearance, that is to say, directly changing a person.

Everyone in the Li family was stunned, and it was not easy to sigh, especially Li Wei, who once again felt ashamed of his recklessness at that time. If he hadn't forcibly stopped him, the Lu family would not have caused such troubles.

On the contrary, Li Pingfan was really bored at this time. Since he moved out of school, he didn't have to go to class at all, so he had a lot of time, so Li Pingfan could only wander back and forth around the school. Street, as expected, there is still no herb that Li Pingfan wanted here. Li Pingfan wandered around again, and unknowingly walked to the school playground. When he came here, Li Pingfan thought of it. If he hadn't beaten Wang Tie, Li Pingfan wouldn't have offended the Lu family.

Just when Li Pingfan was still in his memories, Li Pingfan seemed to hear someone calling his name. Although the voice was very low, who was Li Pingfan? He was the only immortal cultivator in the world. It is not comparable to people in this world.

Li Pingfan quickly rushed over to where the sound came from.

At this time, in a certain corner of the school, a group of people were blocking a girl. This girl was Hu Yinger, and Hu Yinger kept calling Li Fanfan.

Haha, Miss Yinger, don’t shout, it’s useless, the person you mentioned named Li Pingfan didn’t come to school at all these days, so no one can save you today, you should follow my elder brother, he I will definitely treat you well. After that, you can walk sideways in our medical university, and no one dares to mess with you.

Pooh, you bunch of scum, even if I die, I won't let you succeed.

Haha, everyone laughed, Miss Yinger, you are in this situation now, how can you resist, you want to die, you have to meet my elder brother to make a decision, don't worry, wait until you see my elder brother, I guarantee that you can feel like dying, haha ​​everyone laughed again.

The brothers took her away, and everyone took Hu Yinger and left this place.

And Li Pingfan also rushed over following the sound, but after arriving at this place, there was no one there.

Brother, I brought this young lady to you.

The big brother in the mouth is a bald, sharp-mouthed monkey cheek and wretched man. He seems to have just been released from the inside. People give him the nickname Bald Qiang, but everyone on the road is called Brother Qiang, and the people on the side give it to another explaining.

Zhao Ming, you have done a great job this time, Young Master Zhang will never treat you badly, and what's more, don't worry about your father's business, Young Master Zhang has his own arrangements in mind.

Thank you Brother Qiang, after this matter is completed, I, Zhao Ming, will never forget your great kindness.

Haha, you are sensible, I like it.

Brother Qiang taught it better. By the way, Brother Qiang came to Bald Qiang's ear and said softly, do you want to enjoy it first?

Bald Qiang's eyes lit up when he heard this, he really had such an idea, but he didn't dare, if Young Master Zhang found out, he might not have a good fruit to eat.

Brother Qiang, I know what you're worried about, it's okay, I got a new kind of thing, ultra-thin, the same as zero contact, and it won't break... In the end Zhao Ming didn't finish his sentence, but Bald Qiang already understood.

Zhao Ming, you still understand me, Bald Qiang showed a smirk.

Bald Qiang looked at the time and said: Brothers, it will take some time for Young Master Zhang to come to the Medical University. First send this woman to room 0088 of the Phoenix Bar. When Young Master Zhang arrives, we will directly dedicate her to Young Master Zhang. , the brothers are waiting for wealth and glory, and the bald head smiled loudly after speaking.

When everyone heard Bald Qiang's order, they escorted Hu Yinger to the Phoenix Hotel.

Wait a minute, I have something to say.

At this moment, a piercing voice came to everyone's ears.


		