

Chapter 146

be found

Li Pingfan made a silence gesture to Wu Yanxia.

Who said it wasn't, maybe he ran away a long time ago, another thick and powerful voice came.

Let's not talk about it, Elder Yu asked us to come here because something important must have happened, we all have to seriously look for this person named Li Pingfan.

Yes, sister.

Li Pingfan unfolded his spiritual sense and discovered that there were five or six people in this group. The woman who spoke just now took the lead. She should be around 25 years old, but her strength has already reached the middle stage of the earth rank. With this kind of strength, the talent is extraordinary.

But you must know that the aura of heaven and earth in this world is sparse, and it is very difficult to improve your strength, especially after the earth level, it will take several years to increase your strength a little.

The strength of the group behind her is also at the early stage of the earth, but the age seems to be quite old.

Sister, there just happens to be a hotel here, let's stay here tonight.

Uh, Senior Brother Shiwen, here, it seems that the environment here is not good.

Yes, yes, the rest of the people followed suit.

We are here to find someone, not to enjoy, we will stay here tonight, so we can continue to look for someone tomorrow, the senior sister said.

After that, the group stayed in the inn.

In Wuxin Pavilion, Li Pingfan muttered something in his heart, and then entered the state of cultivation.

In the early hours of the morning, Li Pingfan woke up Wu Yanxia and left the hotel overnight.

In the early morning, in the hotel, the storekeeper was discussing about Li Pingfan's departure last night, and just happened to hear a few people from Wuxin Pavilion coming to check out.

Senior sister, do you see this person is very familiar, a woman pointed to Li Pingfan on the screen and said.

He is very familiar, the senior sister thought for a while and said, he is Li Pingfan.

When did the shopkeeper leave, the senior sister asked quickly.

He was at two o'clock in the morning last night.

I've been away for four hours, and now I'm in a hurry to catch up.

The shopkeeper is going in that direction.

The shopkeeper pointed to a road that Li Pingfan walked and said, this way.

After that, everyone in Wuxin Pavilion left here.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan's side, because Wu Yanxia's legs and feet are relatively slow, they only walked a few tens of kilometers.

If we go like this, we won't be able to reach Binhai at all, why don't you go to Binhai first, and I will take them back alone, Li Pingfan said.

No, no, Wu Yanxia said firmly.

Hearing Wu Yanxia's strong opposition, Li Pingfan couldn't say anything more, and continued to walk forward.

Senior sister, we have been chasing him for so long, why haven't we seen Li Pingfan yet?

Continue to chase along the mark, the senior sister said.

Li Pingfan didn't expect these people to find him and chase after him.

They have already found us, you take them away now, Li Pingfan said to Wu Yanxia.

Ah, how is it possible, we left overnight.

Now is not the time to talk about this, you take them away quickly, and I will hold them back.

Wu Yanxia knew the seriousness of the matter, and quickly left the place with the two white crystal tigers.

Are you guys looking for me?

Li Pingfan, are you Li Pingfan?

Yes, what are you looking for?

Quickly notify the elders.

Just wanted to ask you to come with us.

where to go.

Wuxin Pavilion.

Wuxin Pavilion, forget it, I have no interest in it.

It's not up to you.

Speaking of senior sister, she took the lead in attacking.

I saw the senior sister slapped out with a palm, palm wind technique.

Hush, gust of wind blew up, and the senior sister improved her speed in it, and quickly came behind Li Pingfan, punching out with a punch.

Li Pingfan shook his head. This kind of technique is just a remnant of the Wind Control Technique, and it cannot be put on the table.

Li Pingfan also used the wind control technique, Li Pingfan punched out at the same time, and the senior sister retreated again and again.

However, there is a difference between palming the wind and controlling the wind. The palming of the wind can only increase one's own speed, while the wind controlling can improve all aspects.

You, how could you know this kind of technique.

Ignorant, said Li Pingfan and punched him again.

Hmph, you can't beat me with this little skill alone, said the senior sister.

The senior sister slapped out a palm, and a big hand appeared in front of her, firmly locking Li Pingfan's attack.

Then the senior sister punched again.

Behind Li Pingfan, another huge fist appeared and hit Li Pingfan.

Sure enough, the current strength still cannot easily kill you in seconds, Li Pingfan shook his head secretly and said.

Seeing that Li Pingfan was getting closer in his fist, as soon as Li Pingfan pointed out, the fist that hit Li Pingfan stayed in place without moving.

Hmph, don't be complacent, the senior sister punched down again.

Above the sky at this moment, another huge fist appeared and smashed down.

Li Pingfan slapped the big fist in the sky, and the big fist in the sky also stood there motionless.

Hmph, bang bang, two more punches, at this moment Li Pingfan's left and right sides each have a big punch between them.

Li Pingfan threw out two punches at the same time, and also stood there dumbfounded.

After that, the senior sister smiled evilly, boy, go to hell.

All the fists around him exploded in an instant, and a powerful energy blasted towards Li Pingfan.

Senior sister, your strength has become stronger again. It seems that the late stage of the earth is just around the corner. Everyone around praises this senior sister.

As long as you are willing to practice hard, you can also surpass me.

Oh, really? Li Pingfan said.

Yes, uh, you're not dead?

Die, your level of attack can't hurt me, it's up to me next.

As soon as Li Pingfan pointed out, countless auras turned into ice thorns and rushed towards the senior sister.

Sister, be careful, everyone stepped forward together, and using the kung fu technique, a wall of Qi formed from spiritual energy appeared in front of them to resist Li Pingfan's attack.

Trying my move, Li Pingfan patted down with a palm, a huge palm fell from the sky, extremely fast, and instantly pressed on top of everyone's heads.

Li Pingfan sneered and threw a few fireballs casually.

Fireball, this person actually knows fireball.

Another big knife appeared in front of Li Pingfan, which fell from the sky and slashed at everyone.

Huh, huh, their aura barriers shattered in an instant, and the sword was about to be cut down.

At some point above their heads, a long sword appeared to block Li Pingfan's attack.

Elder Yu, it is Elder Yu.

Boy, you are too cruel, Yu Xiaorou said.


		