

Miracle doctor Liu, you are here, hurry up, I caught the tricolor green snake, this time, please ask Miracle Doctor Liu to cure my poor granddaughter's illness.

Don't worry, Mr. Hu, I will definitely do my best to heal.

They walked slowly towards the jar containing the tricolor green snake.

This time, Li Pingfan could see the face of this genius doctor Liu clearly.

This doctor Liu's kind face gives people a very approachable feeling, his eyes are a little hollow, and he has a hunched back. At first glance, he looks like an old man in his sixties, but Li Pingfan can be sure that this doctor Liu is only about forty years old.

Dr. Liu walked up to the jar and carefully inspected a large number of tricolor green snakes in the jar.

Li Pingfan carefully observed every move of Miracle Liu, and even a subtle change in his eyes did not escape Li Fanfan's eyes. At this time, the corner of Miracle Liu's mouth was slightly smeared, but he quickly recovered his calm.

Mr. Hu, you are not an authentic green snake with three colors. Look at the body of this snake. The color of the three colors is dim, and the pattern of the three colors together is not right. You are a fake green snake with three colors.

Huber, when I heard this, I felt a little short of breath, a little unsteady on my feet, and I might fall down at any time, and I was still muttering, no, this is the tricolor green snake, and this is the one that won’t, you lied to me , you liar, you are lying to me, you just don't want to save my granddaughter.

In an instant, the smile on his face disappeared and turned into disappointment.

Huber understood mentally that if Doctor Liu said this was wrong, then it should be wrong, and his granddaughter's last hope was gone.

Pity my granddaughter, Xiaoying, grandpa is sorry for you, Hu Bo fell to the ground, crying loudly, Hu Ying in the room heard it, and wanted to come out to comfort grandpa, but she knew she couldn't go out because grandpa told her , Did not call her, told myself not to go out.

Mr. Hu, don't get excited. Although this is not a tricolor green snake, the snake gall of this species of snake is also an excellent medicinal material. I have a medicine here. Let your granddaughter take it, which can delay your granddaughter's death. One year of life, if you find the three-color green snake during this period, your granddaughter can still be saved, but there is an unfeeling request.

Hearing these words, Huber's face obviously softened a lot. Please tell Dr. Liu, as long as you tell me to go up the mountain of swords and down into the sea of ​​fire, I will do it for you.

Haha, Mr. Hu, you don't need to go down the mountain of swords and fire, but can you give me this snake so that I can use it as medicine to treat more patients.

Hearing this sentence, Huber quickly replied that this was originally given to Miracle Doctor Liu, and Miracle Doctor Liu just took it away.

Li Pingfan once again saw this so-called Miracle Doctor Liu's mouth smeared, but it disappeared very quickly. Li Pingfan can be sure that this Miracle Doctor lied. This is a three-color flower green snake. This cannot be wrong. Years of medical skills, if you can't even see this, you can call him a medical fairy. Li Pingfan did not expose this so-called genius doctor Liu.

Doctor Liu took out a small bottle from his cuff and handed it to Huber. Huber quickly took it, opened the bottle and smelled a burst of fragrance, so he poured the medicine on his hand and looked at it.

This pill is a little blue in color, and there is a little alchemy in it. This should be a semi-finished product, no, it should be a defective product. Li Pingfan's first feeling is that the alchemy level of this alchemist should not even count as a first-rank alchemist. At most, he is a medicine boy, maybe not even as good as the medicine boy on the medicine star. Li Pingfan laughed secretly in his heart, and was also a little surprised. He didn't expect that there are alchemists in this star field with weak spiritual energy. , Li Pingfan was a little emotional.

This pill has some medicinal power, but the medicinal power is negligible, and it treats the symptoms rather than the root cause. Just this small pill, not even a trace of the three-color green snake, and even the finished product is not as good as the three-color green snake. Hua Qing Snake, not to mention a defective product, but Li Pingfan still did not expose this miracle doctor Liu.

Because Li Pingfan knew that if he told Huber that the pill had no effect now, Huber might faint on the spot. Besides, he had not been in this village for a long time, so there should be no one who believed in him, so he could only play by ear.

Looking at the pill, Huber felt indescribably uncomfortable. He spent more than half a year trying to catch this snake. If he hadn't met this ordinary little friend on the road, he probably wouldn't have been able to catch it.

It was so difficult to catch the three-color green snake in a year, and Huber was also a little absent-minded.

In the court of the country, Lao Zhang shouted, quickly give Xiaoying the pill and take it.

Huber regained his composure when he heard Lao Zhang yelling, look at my memory, thank you for reminding Lao Zhang, said Huber and walked into the house.

At this time, Li Pingfan pulled Huber's sleeve lightly, the movement was very small, and Huber turned his head to look at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan blinked at Huber, and said softly, Don't worry, Uncle Huber, you can ask Dr. Liu to show Xiaoying's condition first, and then it's not too late to give her medicine.

Huber seemed to understand what Li Pingfan meant, and nodded slightly.

At this time, when Lao Zhang saw Huber Huber, he stopped moving, and quickly shouted, "What's wrong with you, Guoting, why don't you go, go quickly."

Huber smiled and said, Lao Zhang, don't worry, I want to ask our genius doctor Liu to take a look at my Xiaoying's condition first.

Huber bowed slightly to Miracle Doctor Liu, and made a gesture of please.

At this time, some villagers also called for Dr. Liu to take a look.

Dr. Liu smiled, I don't need to go to see her anymore, because I can already feel the stage of her illness, so, hurry up and take my medicine for her, she will definitely get better within a day.

There are also some people who believe in Miracle Doctor Liu very much, and they praise Miracle Doctor Liu again and again. The old man got out of bed the next day, and then insisted on clamoring to go to work in the field. You see, when he heard that Dr. Liu was coming, my old man quickly came to thank Dr. Liu for the work in the field.

My old man, you also know that four months ago, the leg hurt so much that he couldn't get out of bed at all, and he had to be fed when he ate. Thanks to Dr. Liu, the couple knelt down.

Brother and sister-in-law, hurry up and invite Liu Mou. I can’t bear it. This is what Liu Mou should do. It is Liu Mou’s blessing to help his brother and sister-in-law.

Guoting, I didn't expect you to not believe in Dr. Liu, blind your eyes, and you don't see Dr. Liu these days. He has treated many difficult and miscellaneous diseases in our village? Quickly apologize to Miracle Doctor Liu, and the villagers all agreed with him.

Seeing this, Huber looked at Li Pingfan again.


		