

After Li Pingfan got home, he went to the backyard to get some vegetables and ran to the kitchen.

Grandpa Lin, take a rest first, I will cook today.

Grandpa Lin didn't refuse either, and stood aside to help Li Pingfan.

Grandpa, I'm back.

Xiaoqi is back, come and eat, today is an ordinary meal.

When Lin Jiaqi heard that Li Pingfan was serving the meal, the corners of her mouth slightly raised, as if looking forward to it.

Wow, it's really delicious, if you cook for me every day, you won't have to pay back your money, Lin Jiaqi muttered softly.

what money?

Only then did Lin Jiaqi realize that she had slipped her tongue, Grandpa, there is no money, but Li Pingfan owed me fifty yuan before, and now he hasn't paid me back.

Uh huh, yes, I'm just working, right? I will pay you back immediately when I get paid. Seeing how smart you are, can I still owe you money?

Alas, ordinary, you don’t have to pay back if you have nothing to do, Grandpa has made the decision for you.

Li Pingfan smiled, yes, Grandpa Lin.

After eating, Li Pingfan would go to his room, write a letter, leave another 30,000 yuan, and start practicing again.

Jingling, the bell rang repeatedly, Li Pingfan quickly turned it off, and then tiptoed to the door.

You are here, you really did not lie to me, I am very optimistic about you now. Brother Monkey said.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, you can rest assured that what I promised will be done.

So they got into the car.

Soon, Li Pingfan arrived at a building about thirty or forty floors high.

Dong Li is here.

OK let him in.

Li Pingfan followed Brother Hou to the house.

All right, let's go out, a deep voice sounded. The people around all backed out.

Is it you who took my mission?

Li Pingfan replied flatly, I answered it.

Li Dong turned his head to look at Li Pingfan, and Li Pingfan also looked at him.

He is about forty years old, with slightly gray hair at the sideburns, thick and neat eyebrows, and a pair of sparkling eyes. Wearing a black suit, there is an imposing oppression.

what's your name? Do you know the consequences of failing to complete this task?

My name is Li Pingfan, and I know the consequences of not completing it, but you can rest assured that I will finish it.

Okay, then for the next four months, you just need to protect my daughter in secret, and you have to make sure that my daughter is unscathed within these four months, then you can get another one million rewards.

Okay, deal, Li Pingfan agreed without even thinking about it, because Li Pingfan believed in his medical skills, as long as she didn't die, Li Pingfan would be able to bring her back from hell.

Well, I am the chairman of this group, my name is Li Feng, you can call me uncle.

All right, Uncle Li.

There were two bangs, two muscular men walked in.

Although you have accepted this task, I am still a little worried. These two are my bodyguards. If you win against them, then I can be completely relieved.

Li Pingfan looked at the two people who came in, and shook his head secretly. These two are really too weak. These two are indeed much stronger than ordinary people, but when they meet real masters, they may not be able to block even a single move. live.

Come on, you two, don't waste your time.

The two of them punched Li Pingfan's face together. Li Pingfan didn't even hide. With one punch and one kick, both of them got down on the ground. Li Feng was taken aback by this operation. He didn't expect the two to be by his side. The bodyguard who had been protecting him for many years collapsed without holding on for even 10 seconds. At the same time, Li Feng was shocked. He didn't expect this young man to be so powerful. He definitely has the strength of a warrior.

Okay, very good, you go down first, Li Feng said.

Here is 200,000 yuan, you take it first. In the next few days, I will ask the driver to arrange a place for you to live in. At the same time, I will also apply for admission to Binhai Medical University. You can take a good rest these days. After that, we will pay for all your consumption. If you have any needs, you can feel free to ask my assistant. He will definitely meet all your needs. After Li Feng finished speaking, he arranged for someone to send Li Pingfan to the hotel.

Grandpa, good morning.

Xiaoqi, you got up so early today.

I went to ask Pingfan to get up for dinner. I should get up at this time. Why did I get up so late today.

Bang, boom, boom... Li Pingfan got up to eat, but no one answered, boom, boom... No one answered after getting up to eat, I will go in if you don't say anything, I count to three, and I will go in if you don't say anything ,one two Three.

Lin Jiaqi pushed open the door and found that there was no one in the room. Lin Jiaqi went to the bed and saw a letter and a paper bag.

Lin Jiaqi opened the letter and read it.

Grandpa Lin, Jiaqi, I'm leaving, don't look for me, I'm fine, these days are my happiest days, thank you, Jiaqi's paper bag is the money I gave you back, go to school well, the money should be Enough for your tuition fee for this semester, thank you very much for your help during this period, goodbye.

The writing was very brief, but Lin Jiaqi knew that Li Pingfan had left. Lin Jiaqi opened the paper bag, and there was 30,000 yuan in it. Lin Jiaqi never thought where he got so much money. Could it be that he is an invisible rich second generation? Picked up by family members? Lin Jiaqi began to fantasize.

Xiaoqi, have you become ordinary?

Grandpa, Li Pingfan is gone, this is a letter he wrote.

Grandpa Lin took the letter and read it. Lin Jiaqi handed the money to grandpa for him to read.

Grandpa Lin suddenly shed a few tears from the corners of his eyes.

Okay, grandpa, let's eat first. I know you can't bear him, and I can't bear him either, but he also has his own affairs, and he will definitely leave.

OK, let's eat first.


		