

Chapter Thirty-Nine

Juling Grass

drip, drip...

Li Pingfan came to the Chinese medicine street with the sound of sirens and the noise of the surrounding crowd.

It was past nine o'clock when Li Pingfan arrived at the Traditional Chinese Medicine Street, and the vendors here had already set up their respective stalls, and each stall was filled with various medicinal materials.

Uh, isn't this the guy from yesterday?

At this moment, some people recognized Li Pingfan, and with the noise, more and more people joined in.

Basically divided into two factions, one side praises Li Pingfan, the other side abuses Li Pingfan, but their voices are very quiet.

Those who praised Li Pingfan were those who were often bullied, but those who abused Li Pingfan felt that after what happened yesterday, their business would definitely not be as good as before.

These rich second generations are indeed a bit of a bully, but they are considered wealthy. Basically, most of the business on this street is supported by these rich second generations.

Li Pingfan also ignored the abuse and walked to a booth.

Li Pingfan took a look at the stall owner, picking up medicinal materials repeatedly at his stall.

On the other hand, the stall owner's expression was a little unnatural, because he was the one who scolded him the most, and the stall owner thought he was looking for trouble, so the stall owner didn't dare to speak, and could only let Li Pingfan choose. Usually when asking about the price, the stall owner will answer briefly.

At this time, an old man at the booth next to him said, young man, thank you for delivering justice for us.

Li Pingfan walked up to the old man's booth and bowed his hands in return.

Afterwards, the two sat together and chatted.

The stall owner before seeing such a situation was burning with anger, and cursed in his heart, you old bastard, you obviously took my fancy first, how could you break the rules, but he still dare not say it now, He wanted to wait until the young man in front of him was gone, and then deal with this old man.

As the saying goes, the state owns the state's laws, and the family has its own rules. There is also a rule in the business of medicinal materials, that is, if the customers are interested in the things of the family, the people around cannot rob the customers. Even if your things are better or cheaper than his, you can’t rob the customers. Customer, there will be no place for this person in the Chinese Medicine Street the next day. This is something that all the merchants in the Chinese Medicine Street know. It has been like this for decades, and there have been a few strong customers in the middle, but it ended badly later. , and some have even moved out of Binhai City.

Looking at Li Pingfan, Li Pingfan chatted with this old man very happily. From the previous conversation, Li Pingfan knew that the old man in front of him was surnamed Wang, and he also knew why the old man in front of him thanked him .

Because his family also has the same manager, and his granddaughter is also like this. She is often harassed. Unfortunately, her family has no power and power, and she has no way to make decisions for her. After that, she can only transfer to another school.

At this time, Li Pingfan felt a little throbbing in his heart, because Li Pingfan has never had friends, relatives or lovers in these thousands of years. In these thousands of years, he can only practice, and practice desperately, because he is practicing In this world, there are only the weak and the strong, and there is no emotion. All emotions may not be as good as a pill. He has also seen too many Taoist couples who kill each other for a pill and a practice method, so Li Pingfan was also a little numb. He thought that he would not have any feelings anymore, but today, Li Pingfan's heart did have this kind of throbbing.

After the two chatted, Li Pingfan returned to the previous stall, and the stall owner smiled again. Li Pingfan took a few beads of medicinal materials and threw them to the stall owner, and then pointed to a pot behind the stall owner. Grass said.

Can your pot of grass be sold?

The stall owner also looked in the direction Li Pingfan pointed at.

Sell, of course.

Well, let's count it together.

The corner of the stall owner's mouth was almost laughing and twitching.

Because there are many such grasses in the family, since this customer ordered this pot of grass alone in the end, it must have its own merits, presumably he wanted this pot of grass in his original intention, and the stall owner came to these conclusions because My own experience of more than ten years, combined with the things this customer took before are some very common things, and there are many other merchants, even cheaper than his, but the last pot of grass is something else. If the merchant does not have it, the stall owner dares to conclude that his final goal is this pot of grass.

At this moment, the stall owner was already thinking about how to cheat this young man.

Boy, that adds up to fifteen thousand dollars.

Li Pingfan was stunned for a moment when he heard this. The medicinal materials he took from the booth added up to only 2,000 yuan, and the pot of grass in the end cost more than 10,000 yuan. Li Pingfan knew that he was cheated. Could it be that he was discovered? Li Pingfan thought to himself, it shouldn’t be so, I have laid the groundwork so much, it shouldn’t be, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Oh, then I don't want the last pot of grass, it's too expensive, how much do you calculate the cost of these medicinal materials.

Now the stall owner is a little dazed, isn't his guess wrong? It shouldn't be, according to the previous, he should have paid and left immediately, didn't he really want the pot of grass?

Boss, can you please hurry up? I'm in a hurry, Li Pingfan said anxiously.

Wait a minute, boy, I made a mistake just now, the total is 5,000 yuan, I misread it before, I am really sorry, how about I give you a discount, how about I give you a 20% discount, that is 4000 yuan, you see how it goes.

Only then did Li Pingfan nodded in satisfaction, "Okay, then you can pretend for me."

After the stall owner packed the items, he walked to Li Pingfan's side and whispered in Li Pingfan's ear.

I still have a lot of this kind of grass at home, you see if you still need it.

After Li Pingfan heard it, his heart was already full of joy. If it was all such grass, then Li Pingfan's cultivation speed would definitely be greatly improved.

Because this is the gathering spirit grass.

This kind of spiritual grass is a very common plant in the world of cultivating immortals, where it is basically everywhere, but in this place where spiritual energy is scarce, it is basically a rare plant.

As long as there are enough of these spirit-gathering grasses, a small spirit-gathering array can be formed, and one's own cultivation speed can definitely be increased several times.

But Li Pingfan couldn't be overjoyed, he just simply said, I got it.

Then I walked back, and after a few steps, Li Pingfan returned to the stall again and said to the stall owner, I just need a few more pots. You still have a few pots at home, let me see if there is enough.

The stall owner replied without thinking, there are still ten pots.

OK, I want them all.

Well, wait for me for a while, I'll be back right away, and the stall owner ran away from Chinese Medicine Street after speaking.

Li Pingfan also took advantage of this time to visit other stalls.


		