

Chapter 161

Li Jun

Master, he...

Chen Ye shook his head.

Afterwards, Chen Ye told everyone about the problem of spiritual impurities that Li Pingfan had said to him.

What, if according to what he said, as long as we can get rid of the spiritual impurities, wouldn't our strength be improved to a higher level.

Lao Qi, do you really believe what he said?

Fourth brother, do you mean he is lying to us? Liu Ran said.

Lao Qi, do you think this kid would be so kind?

Damn, I'm going to kill this kid, I'll see if he says anything.

Seventh, don't be so impulsive, let's see how the sect master arranges it.

Elder Liu, you don’t have to be angry. I was lucky enough to go to the border of that place once. What this person said is true, but not all. It was agreed, therefore, he must not be injured in any way in our Qixia Gate, otherwise he will be suspected.

The sect master said so, is what this person said true? The fourth elder said.

Chen Ye nodded and said.

I once felt the power of heaven and earth at the border of that place, which is completely different from ours. According to Li Fanfan's explanation, the aura there should be what he called pure aura, the aura without impurities.

In this way, could this person come out of there without revealing his identity? Four old Zhang said.

Chen Ye shook his head and said.

Probably not, I also sent people to investigate, and no one was born there, and if someone was born there, there will be news, but I can't find any news, and I have investigated Li Pingfan's whereabouts these days, It has no connection with that place at all, it can be said that it appeared out of thin air.

Alright, everyone go back first, there is plenty of time next, let's take our time.

Everyone nodded and left the place.

After one night, Li Pingfan got up from the bed and saw food on the table after getting up. The food looked simple and bland.

After Li Pingfan ate, he wandered around.

Unknowingly, three days passed quietly.

Li Pingfan was also very puzzled, they asked him to come here because of his secrets, but why they let him do nothing, what kind of medicine were sold in these old fox gourds, Li Pingfan sighed secretly.

On the fourth day, Li Pingfan had been wandering around as usual for a long time.

Are you Li Pingfan?

At this moment, a man in his thirties said.

Yes, what are you looking for?

Hmph, it's nothing serious, I just heard that you defeated a heavenly warrior in the secular world, and I, Liu Moyan, want to ask you for advice.

Sorry, I don't like fighting.

It's not up to you.

Li Pingfan spread his hands and shook his head helplessly, then left again.

It's not that easy to leave.

Liu Moyan shot directly, pointing out with one finger, a giant finger pointed at Li Fangfang.

Li Pingfan held his breath, and an air shield transformed by aura appeared behind him, blocking Liu Moyan's blow. Li Pingfan continued to walk forward without even turning his head.

Haha, boy, you can't get away, Liu Moyan said.

After that, Liu Moyan came to Li Pingfan in an instant, and threw out a punch.

Li Pingfan took a few steps back in an instant, struck out with a palm, and blocked Liu Moyan's blow again.

Boom, Liu Moyan punched out again.

Li Pingfan dodged and continued to walk forward.

Damn, kid, you look down on me a little bit, and you have the guts to take my punch.

Boom is another blow.

It's just that this blow was blocked by another middle-aged man.

Fourth senior brother, why are you blocking me?

Mo Yan, it is wrong for you to treat our honored guest like this, please apologize to the honored guest.

Fourth brother, this...

go quickly.

Liu Moyan walked up to Li Pingfan.

I'm sorry, I apologize to you for my previous reckless behavior, I hope you can accept it, Liu Moyan gritted his teeth and said.

I don't accept it, Li Pingfan said lightly.

You... Liu Moyan just wanted to continue talking, but was stopped by the fourth senior brother.

Brother Li, although my junior brother was a little reckless before, he has already apologized. Brother Li will not be so stingy.

Haha, stingy, if it was me who hit you suddenly and then apologized to you, what would you do?

Brother Li, it's not that my junior brother wants to ask you for advice, but they heard that you defeated the heavenly warriors in the secular world, so they are also eager to learn, so they want to ask for advice.

I wonder if Brother Li can ask me for advice? Don't worry, we will stop there.

Li Pingfan looked at the fourth senior brother in front of him.

It seems that I can't go today without a fight with them, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Okay, what's your name... Li Pingfan said.

Oh, my name is Li Jun.

Since Brother Li Jun invited me, I would rather obey than be respectful.

Then the two came to the competition arena.

There are constant crowds of people flocking to watch the battle.

Fourth senior brother, come on, beat this outsider until he kneels down and begs for mercy, and people around him keep shouting.

At this time, Liu Ran and a group of elders also came here.

Brother Li, let's make a move.

Li Pingfan smiled indifferently, disappeared in place in an instant, and suddenly came behind Li Jun.

Brother Li, your speed is really fast, but it is impossible to beat me with this.

Li Pingfan returned to his original position and said, I have already made a move, it is your turn, Li Pingfan shrugged and said.

OK, accept.

Boom, Li Jun punched, this punch was mixed with the sound of wind, buzzing.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to have any hesitation, he used the Wind Control Technique, and punched out at the same time.

The moment the fists of the two touched, Li Pingfan took a few steps back in an instant, and then he dodged, disappeared in place, appeared behind Li Jun, and punched out.

Small tricks, get the hell out of here, Li Jun turned around and punched him.

Hmph, Li Pingfan showed an evil smile at the corner of his mouth.

At this moment, Li Jun knew that what he hit was the afterimage of Li Pingfan, but the real Li Pingfan was beside him.

Bang, Li Pingfan punched out, and Li Jun was instantly sent flying upside down tens of meters and fell to the ground.

Fuck, this Li Pingfan is so strong, he can beat senior brother Li Jun like this.

Tsk, you're new here, you don't know the strength of Senior Brother Li Jun.

Ah, is senior brother Li Jun very strong?

You kid, remove the word ? and then talk about it.

Brother Li Jun is very strong.

Is that right? Take a good look, kid.

Li Jun got up slowly, patted the dust off his body, very good, you made me serious, Li Jun smiled charmingly.


		