

Chapter 50

talk freely

This, this, this is not there yet.

That's just right, my eldest granddaughter, she is not bad, I think you two are just right.

Seeing that Li Pingfan didn't speak, Li Yao continued.

I also heard about the two of you, it was all a misunderstanding, my Li Wei is usually very good, she is also a little worried about me, so she was a little impulsive, I hope you understand, Li Yao hugged his fists as he spoke arrive.

I'll go, this old guy is waiting for me here, Li Pingfan thought to himself,

She is not bad? Li Pingfan felt a little helpless when he remembered his previous actions. If it was before, if someone dared to treat him like this, no matter what the other party did, he would never treat him.

Li Pingfan could only answer with an embarrassed smile, I'm really sorry, Grandpa Li, I don't have such an idea yet.

It's okay, I think you and Li Mo are about the same age.

Hearing this, Li Pingfan was a little speechless, thinking of a way to change the subject quickly.

Oh, by the way, Grandpa Li, I want to ask you something, Li Pingfan quickly changed the subject, just happened to have something to ask him, after all, Li Yao has survived in this star field for more than sixty years, what he knows Definitely more than myself.

Lee Kuan Yew took advantage of the situation and agreed, and the two found a place to chat.

Ordinary friend, what do you need to ask you, you can ask as much as you want, I know everything, and I can say everything.

Li Pingfan thought for a while and said, there are those forces in our Binhai.

Power, ordinary friends, have you heard of: one martial arts, two merchants and three medicine schools?

This Li Pingfan Zhuozhi has never heard of it. If Lee Kuan Yew hadn't said it, Li Pingfan would never have known about it.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, he hadn't heard of it.

Li Yao nodded slightly and said, "One martial artist, two merchants, and three medicine sects were selected by Binhai after three hundred years. Successively after each take their own director.

Literally, Yiwu is the martial arts family, and they established their family based on the inheritance of martial arts. It is said that a heavenly martial artist appeared in the martial arts family five hundred years ago, and it is also heard that there was one ten years ago.

Five hundred years or ten years ago, Li Pingfan was a little puzzled. Could it be that there were practitioners in this star field hundreds of years ago? Li Pingfan pondered this question in his heart.

It appeared ten years ago, so this master must be more than five hundred years old, Li Pingfan said.

Haha, yes, if that senior is still alive, he must be more than 500 years old now, but these are just rumors, no one has seen him.

Then, Grandpa Li, do you know how the martial arts levels are divided? Li Pingfan asked the question that he wanted to know the most in his heart, because he met all kinds of martial arts masters in this star field, and the strength they showed was still very different from what he knew, so Li Pingfan had to figure it out The level division of this star field is the only way for Li Pingfan to know the strength level of his opponent.

I don't know much about the ranks of warriors. After all, my Li family is not a martial arts family. If you want to know the specific rank division, you should go to the martial arts family to find out.

But I also know the level of warriors in the secular world.

Oh? So how are the ranks divided in this secular world?

In our secular world, there are four levels, which are heaven, earth, black and yellow, with heaven being the highest and yellow being the lowest. Each level is divided into early, middle, and late stages. As for being above the heavenly ranks, I am not very clear.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, what kind of realm is that realm you mentioned earlier? Moreover, it was a person from 500 years ago, and it was said that it appeared ten years ago, so this person should be more than 500 years old by now.

Haha, Li Yaodan smiled, this is only heard, at least I have never seen this senior since I was born, if you really want to know, then you have to go to the Wu family.

Li Pingfan was also a little speechless, if he asked himself to go directly to the Wu family and ask if your ancestor was dead, he would definitely be beaten up by the Wu family.

What about the second business? Li Pingfan also quickly skipped this topic, at least he knew the level of warriors in this world, so he would also know the gap between himself and warriors in this world.

The second merchants are the two largest enterprises in Binhai City. Almost 70% of the businesses in Binhai have these two companies. One of these two companies is the Zhang family, and the other is the Lin family. There is nothing to say about these two companies. But one thing is that they are rich, and they are among the top thirty on the rich list.

The last is the Three Medicine Sect, and the Three Medicine Sect is different. A hundred years ago, the Medicine Sect was not called the Medicine Sect, but the Medicine Sect. Three hundred years ago, there were more than a dozen families of the Medicine Sect in our place. only.

Speaking of this, Li Yao shook his head, and there seemed to be a tear in the corner of his eye. Li Pingfan's observation ability is absolutely unmatched by people in this world. Li Yao's emotional changes have not escaped Li Pingfan's observation.

Grandpa Li, what's wrong with you.


		