

After a while, a group of four came to the Chinese Medicine Street.

I saw that both sides of this street are densely packed with vendors, and the stalls are full of various herbs. Li Pingfan knows almost all of these herbs, but the quality of the herbs here is better than that of the pharmacy, at least the year is less It is older, and it is also fresher. It looks like the herbs that have just been picked.

But Li Pingfan was also a little shocked when he saw the price, is it so expensive? This is clearly a scam. A 5-year-old ginseng plant costs more than 8,000. I saw that the stall owner was really poor and crazy. I only gave 50w for such a big task, and this task is life-threatening. This small ginseng plant can be sold for more than 8,000 yuan. Li Pingfan saw that there are more than a dozen boxes that are exactly the same as this ginseng box. , Li Pingfan muttered in his heart.

Take a walk around and have a look, the century-old ginseng only needs 8999, not 18999, only 8999, the century-old ginseng can be taken home, don’t miss it when you pass by.

Fatty, is this sentence familiar?

Haha, Su Haokai returned with a smile, he is indeed very familiar, isn't this just a sales advertisement on TV.

Damn, four eyes, you actually smiled, oh my god, I haven't seen you smile in half a semester, just this you just laughed, Su Haokai said in surprise.

Brother Fan, why didn't you smile, you smiled in all four eyes.

Li Pingfan shook his head.

No way, Brother Fan, haven’t you seen this? It shouldn’t be.

Li Pingfan wasn't surprised either, he really didn't know, after all, he didn't come to this star field for long.

Let's go and have a look.

With that said, the four of them came to the stall owner.

You are students of the medical school. If you need anything, just look at it. Tell me if you like it, I will give you a 20% discount.

Oh, Uncle Liu, don't you remember me?

Oops, isn't this the little fat man? Isn't today the weekend?

Uncle Liu, does that mean I can't come on weekends?

No way, it's not that I haven't seen you come to our Chinese Medicine Street on weekends before.

I usually come here during class, and just after saying this, Uncle Liu suddenly felt that he had said something wrong.

Su Haokai's face turned gloomy for an instant.

Damn, fat man, you still have this trick. I said last semester, why did I see you running around all the time, so it was to skip class.

No, student Su mainly came to study with us. After all, you need the research of these medicinal herbs. Uncle Liu hurriedly helped Su Haokai to say good things.

That is, do you think I know how to play just like you? I come here every time to learn.

Cut, I’m afraid even you don’t believe what you say. If you come here to study, can you take the second-to-last exam?

Hearing this, Su Haokai couldn't get angry. He hated others mentioning his academic performance the most in his life, because he never passed the exam.

Pa, there was only a loud noise, and Su Haokai slapped Huang Mao on the back. , Huang Mao staggered and almost crawled to the ground. Fortunately, Li Pingfan had quick eyesight and quick hands, so he paid Huang Mao.

Damn it, fat man, when did you get so strong, it hurts like hell, Huang Mao roared loudly.

All the people around looked this way.

Su Haokai was also very puzzled, how could he have such great strength, and then looked at Li Fanfan, Li Fanfan gave him a look, Su Haokai seemed to understand something.

I'm sorry Huangmao, I've been practicing for the past two days, I'm sorry, I'll tell you what you want to eat tonight.

That's more or less, tonight I'm going to eat Australian lobster.

Su Haokai was about to reach out his hand again.

Damn, didn't you say that anything is fine?

I will give you another chance to reorganize your language and say what you want to eat.

Okay, okay, you always have the final say, you can do anything.

This is more or less the same, Su Haokai said proudly.

Okay, let's go, let's go ahead and have a look, Li Pingfan said.

I'll go with you, you let go of my mother.

Isn't that right? If you've been like this for a long time, does our mother have to suffer so much?

Okay, come with me, after you follow me, will our mother still sell these broken herbs?

I guarantee that you will eat delicious food and drink spicy food.

At this moment, Li Pingfan and the others also saw Yimu just now.

Zhao Chuan, Su Haokai underestimated Nannan, the voice was extremely weak, but with Li Fanfan's ear, he could still hear it very clearly.

You said he was Zhao Chuan, Li Pingfan asked back.

At this time, Huang Mao was also a little surprised, isn't this Zhao Chuan? When will he come back.

Xiaoxue, you can't go back with him, at this moment a very beautiful woman shouted.

Li Pingfan couldn't be more familiar with this voice.

But Li Pingfan didn't think how she could be here.

Yo, who is this?

The younger brother next to Zhao Chuan quickly said: Brother Chuan just came this semester, her name is Hu Yinger, do you remember her, she was the one who took the first exam in the city, but, for some reason, the first half The semester did not come.

Zhao Chuan looked at Hu Yinger, little sister, she doesn't need to go back with me, but brother, I have a small request, I hope my sister can agree to brother.

you say.

You go to the Phoenix Bar with your brother tonight, you can talk about anything, and he promises that no one in our medical university will dare to provoke you in the future.

After speaking, Zhao Chuan reached out to hug Hu Yinger's waist.

At this moment, Li Pingfan quickly punched Zhao Chuan, and just a moment after the punch, Li Pingfan pulled Hu Yinger away.

Who are you, dare to touch my woman?

You are Zhao Chuan, these words were mixed with viciousness, and the surrounding atmosphere suddenly became cold.


		