

Chapter 167

Wang Jinhong

Long time no see, Master Chen, the young man said.

Wang Jinhong, I didn't expect you to still not grow old.

Hahaha, but Clan Master Chen looked a little old.

Brother Wang, why did you come to Qixia Gate today?

Brother Wang, the sect master actually called him Brother Wang.

It seems that you don't know, because of the cultivation method of the Patriarch of the Wang family, he has rejuvenated, and now he has maintained a youthful appearance.

How did you know.

I also listened to the picture a few years ago when I was out on a mission with my senior brother, but it was so true when I saw it today.

The surrounding disciples talked about it in one go.

Brother Chen, didn't you ask this question knowingly? Of course, you came here for him. Wang Jinhong pointed to Li Pingfan.

Are you not afraid that this matter will become a big deal? You should know that I have two Patriarchs coming to Qixia Sect today, this matter will soon spread to all the aristocratic families, I am afraid that by then, there will be no peaceful days, Chen Ye said.

Brother Chen, there is no need to scare us. Pavilion Master Liu and I are here in secret, no one will know unless someone informs us.

Oh, of course, I believe that Junior Sister Liu will definitely not sit down and dig her own grave.

Wang Jinhong's words are equivalent to telling Chen Ye that if this matter is known to the outside world, it must be you, Chen Ye.

Chen Ye's face changed slightly, and he looked at Li Pingfan with great fear, because he knew that if he let Li Pingfan go this time, it might be difficult to find another chance to kill him in the future.

The potential shown by Li Pingfan is really astonishing. If he doesn't get rid of it, it will be good if he doesn't make trouble in the future. If he does, Qixiamen will definitely be in a state of chaos.

But now, with the participation of the two patriarchs Liu Wuxin and Wang Jinhong, it is obviously unrealistic to kill Li Pingfan.

Chen Ye was also caught in a dilemma.

Sect master, why don't we fight hard, as long as Li Pingfan is beheaded, I don't think they dare to turn against us, the fourth elder said.

Chen Ye knew that even if everyone in Qixiamen made a move today, they would not be the opponents of Liu Wuxin and Wang Jinhong.

After all, all Qixia Sect members except themselves are monks below the heaven rank, they have not even reached the ground mirror, let alone the heaven realm, but you must know that Liu Wuxin and Wang Jinhong are both heaven realm cultivators, aren't they? Can beat the two of them with quantity.

Chen Ye shook his head lightly, and explained the reason to them.

At this moment, the Fourth Elder sighed softly, it would be fine if the First Elder and the Second Elder were here.

That's right, if they were all there, Chen Ye would have just gone up to fight, but they are not in the sect now.

Sect master, how should we choose, Liu Ran said.

Chen Ye looked at Wang Jinhong and Liu Wuxin.

What is Brother Chen thinking about? Wang Jinhong said.

Brother Wang, do you really want to be so decisive?

Brother Chen, it's not that I'm resolute, but you must know that the three of us had an agreement.

This is easy to say, I can tell him and share with you.

Hahahahaha, Brother Chen, do you believe this? None of us are three-year-olds.

Brother Wang, I will definitely tell the things he told me one by one. If there is even half a lie, I will definitely die in this world.

Hahahahaha, brother Chen, people are mortal after all, we all die sooner or later in this world.

So there is nothing to talk about, Chen Ye said.

What do you think, Wang Jinhong said.

Pavilion Master Liu also meant this? Chen Ye asked.

We have to take this person away today, Liu Wuxin simply returned.

Well, that being the case........ You take him away.

Then I would like to thank Brother Chen for his humility. The two of them led their disciples and Li Pingfan out of Qixia Gate.

Which one of us will bring back Pavilion Master Liu? Wang Jinhong said.

Your family was supposed to bring him to the meeting five days later as scheduled, but I Wuxin Pavilion will keep my promise, and I will come to the Wang family to pick him up after ten days. I also hope that the owner of the Wang family will not do what Chen Ye did today.

Wang Jinhong nodded and said, Pavilion Master Liu, don't worry, after ten days my Wang family will hand over Li Pingfan to you intact.

Later, Li Pingfan was taken by Wang Jinhong to take care of the Wang family.

Three days passed in a blink of an eye, but Li Pingfan still didn't wake up.

So Wang Jinhong brought Li Pingfan into an area where the aura was very luxuriant.

He knew that Li Fanfan's spiritual power was exhausted, so he needed to replenish it. Wang Jinhong thought that three days should be enough for Li Fanfan to recover, but what he never expected was that after three days, Li Fanfan still had no signs of waking up.

Hence today's decision.

Three days passed again, Li Pingfan was still the same, and he didn't intend to wake up. Wang Jinhong also consulted a doctor, but various signs showed that Li Pingfan was not dead, and his vitality was still strong.

Another four days passed, and today Liu Wuxin forced himself to welcome Li Pingfan.

But after knowing the situation, Liu Wuxin was also a little puzzled. It was already the tenth day, and Li Pingfan had been in a coma, so of course the Wang family would not hand Li Pingfan to Wuxin Pavilion.

Following the discussion between Liu Wuxin and Wang Jinhong, it was decided that Liu Wuxin would take Li Pingfan back to the Wuxin Pavilion first, and after Li Pingfan woke up, he would notify Wang Jinhong, and then ask Li Pingfan for advice on spells at the same time.

Li Pingfan was connected to Wuxin Pavilion by Liu Wuxin.

For another two days, Li Pingfan didn't make any movement.

On the thirteenth day, Li Pingfan gradually regained some consciousness. The surroundings were pitch black, but the aura was very strong.

Li Pingfan absorbed the aura around him, and his strength was recovering bit by bit.

The first level of Qi training, the second level of Qi training, the third level, the fourth level, and the fifth level.

Soon Li Pingfan recovered to the fifth level of Qi training, but Li Pingfan still did not give up. He knew that the improvement of strength is the most important thing now. Without strength, it is impossible to save his life.

Li Pingfan got up slowly, gathered his spiritual energy together, and compressed it, and then inhaled the spiritual energy frantically, and compressed it.

Repeatedly, his aura soon reached a critical point, and Li Pingfan knew that he was about to break through.

Li Pingfan didn't dare to think too much, and continued to compress the spiritual energy.


		