

Chapter 65

Wu Yanxia's plea for help

Li Momeng, who is this? Why would I ask myself for contact information, and there are two other campus beauties here, so why should it be me.

Hello, who are you?

I, I, I, I am Li Bin, a freshman from the Department of Western Medicine. I like you and I want to pursue you.

This man named Li Binxian was obviously a little nervous and stuttered, but he still stumbled to express his love.

Li Bin, hello, I already have someone I like, so forget about the contact information.

Li Mo refused very decisively, and it was right to refuse like this. Since he doesn't like him, he shouldn't give him hope. If he gave him hope, then this person will definitely have infinite reverie in the future, which will eventually harm him.

Li Bin heard that Li Mo rejected him, and then walked away silently with his head down.

At this time, Yan Lu asked curiously, silently, who is the person you like, so we can check for you, Yan Lu said with a smile.

Yes, silently, let us have a look, and Wu Yanxia joined in and asked.

Li Mo glanced at Li Pingfan, then lowered his head and said nothing.

Soon a few people came to the Qiaoyu League, and saw that it was a very big room, this classroom was very big, there could be at least a hundred people in it, and when Wu Yanxia and Yan Lu came, they were in the room Some people are studying their own things, some like Chinese medicine, some like Western medicine, and some are holding mannequins in their research. There are all kinds of people here.

Everyone in the house saw that when Yan Lu and Wu Yanxia came, they did not put down the things in their hands, and they seemed to be in harmony. Hu Yinger fell in love with this place immediately, and immediately decided to join the Qiaoyu League , Wu Yanxia also agreed on the spot.

Let's stop the matter at hand first. Today, we have joined a few newcomers in the Qiaoyu League. I will introduce them to you, and Yan Lu will introduce them respectively.

Yan Lu, I didn't expect you to bring in the commoner school girl. You really have the ability. After that, we will have a good fortune.

Hello everyone, I will trouble everyone to take care of you in the future, Hu Yinger greeted everyone.

Miss Yinger, don't worry, in our Qiaoyu League, no one dares to provoke you easily.

After a while of pleasantries, Li Pingfan and the others also left the Qiaoyu League and went to the restaurant.

After they finished their lunch, Wu Yanxia said: You guys go back first, Li Pingfan, wait a minute, I have something to see you, Wu Yanxia sent everyone away, and brought Li Pingfan to Phoenix Bar, where she lives.

You must have heard of Huacheng today.

Yes.

Presumably you don't know what kind of place Huacheng is.

Yes.

Li Pingfan really didn't know this.

Huacheng is a great city of martial arts. There are three times as many warriors in Huacheng as Binhai, and all of them have extraordinary skills. Therefore, you must be careful in the future, and come to me if you need help.

Li Pingfan nodded and did not refuse. After all, he came to this star field not long ago and really needed some help.

Tell me what you want from me, I will help if I can help, Li Pingfan said.

Grandpa Li Yao was cured by you, Wu Yanxia asked.

Yes, Li Pingfan didn't hide it either, and answered directly.

It is said that you used the long-lost Yin-Yang Thirty-Six Acupuncture to cure Grandpa Li Yao.

Yes, just say it straight away and don't go around the bush.

Thumping, Wu Yanxia knelt in front of Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan quickly helped Wu Yanxia up, and said, why do you people kneel down at every turn? If you have something to say, just say it, and I will definitely help you if I can help you.

You can help, sure.

My grandfather's name is Wu Zhiguo, and his current body is also... There are tears in the corners of Wu Yanxia's eyes.

My grandfather, when he broke through the ground level ten years ago, suffered from sequelae. Ten years have passed, and he has sought many doctors, but there is no way to treat him. Now my grandfather’s body is getting weaker and weaker, so I think Please go and treat my grandpa.

As long as you cure my grandpa, even if my Wu family goes through fire and water, my Wu family is obliged to do so.

Okay, but, I can go with you to see, I can't guarantee that your grandfather can be cured, you have to be prepared.

Well, even if it is not cured, my Wu Family will never blame you.

Then when shall we leave.

Can we go now?

Yes, yes, what about Hu Yinger and Li Mo?

Li Pingfan was really worried about them. The appearance of Lu Feng and Zhang Shaohuang today proved that they would never let it go.

They, I have asked Yan Lu to protect them in secret, so don't worry, if something happens, Yan Lu will contact me as soon as possible.

After hearing Wu Yanxia's arrangement, Li Pingfan let go of his worries, so he can go to Wu's house with Wu Yanxia at ease.

OK, let's go now.

Li Pingfan and Wu Yanxia came to the Wu family.

Uncle Lin, where's your father?

Xiaoxia is back, your father is practicing martial arts in the backyard.

Wu Yanxia took Li Pingfan to the backyard.

dad.

Xiaoxia, why are you back today?

Father, I invited that man here.

Who is that person?

It's the one who cured the old man of the Li family.

Why did you invite him here? Where is he? Take me to have a look.

Li Pingfan was also speechless, as he was right in front of him.

Dad, that's the one next to me.

He, Wu Yanxia's father pointed at Li Pingfan, not believing it himself.

How is it possible, how old is he? He must be the same age as you.

It seems that Uncle Wu doesn't believe me anymore?

Young man, it's not that I don't believe you, it's just that you really can't convince me at your age.

Forget it, since you don't believe me, I'm leaving. Li Pingfan waved his hand and was about to turn around and leave.

Seeing this, Wu Yanxia grabbed Li Pingfan.

Dad, don't you believe me?

Wait a minute, boy, I apologize for what I said earlier, I believe in my daughter.

Li Pingfan nodded.

After that, the three went to look for Wu Zhiguo.


		