

Brother Fan is about to wake up, he is about to be late, today is Teacher Tian's class, he is late for class, but he is about to fail, Xiaopang dragged Li Pingfan up.

Li Pingfan quickly got up and ran to the classroom with them.

Fortunately, they were not late, and the four of them found a seat and settled down.

Alas, this morning is over, Brother Fan is leaving and we will treat you to dinner.

Li Pingfan nodded and followed them towards the cafeteria.

Brother Fan's restaurant yesterday was too expensive, we can only invite you to the cafeteria, you can order whatever you want, I will treat you today, and Huangmao will treat you tomorrow.

That's fine, it can't be so troublesome, it's just a meal, it doesn't matter where you eat.

Look, Li Mo's beauty is here.

At this time, someone shouted, and everyone turned their eyes to the door.

Li Mo, Li Pingfan realized in his heart that this is Li Mo and Li Pingfan's task. I said why I haven't seen her in the past two days. It turns out that she just came to class today. I didn't expect that she is the school belle. This gives Li Pingfan the feeling It's completely different. When Li Pingfan saw her for the first time, it was not like this. This time, Li Pingfan felt like a different person. Before, he chased a thief for a bag and ran eighteen streets. People, now looking at the special quiet people around greet her without any pretensions, giving people a special and approachable feeling.

It hasn't been long since the cafeteria was surrounded by water, basically they all came to see the school girl, everyone was looking at her, but Li Pingfan was not interested in her at all, because she called Li Pingfan an accomplice of thieves at the time, He also let himself run so far to chase after him. Although he got the spirit stone in the end, it was not his original intention, so Li Pingfan's first impression of her was really not very good. If it wasn't for the mission, Li Pingfan probably wouldn't have Don't want to see her again.

Brother Fan, why are you still eating? This is the school belle. How many boys dream of her, how many people want to hug her in their dreams. Alas, she usually goes to the restaurant to eat. Why did she come back to the cafeteria this time? ? It's strange, it's so strange. I encountered two strange things at the beginning of this semester.

Don't think about it, the most important thing is to fill your stomach first, eat quickly, you guys.

Brother Fan, don't panic, we may not be able to go out even if we finish eating, I think we'd better eat slowly and forget about it.

Well, then eat slowly, I'm full, then I'll go first, Li Pingfan said.

Ah, it's so fast, then okay, you go first, Brother Fan.

Li Pingfan clenched his fists, and his luck and spiritual power rushed forward, and it came out soon.

Who the hell squeezed me just now? Was it you?

Not me I was squeezed out too.

Who the hell is it?

Li Pingfan laughed to himself, his rush indeed squeezed out many people.

At the same time, such a conversation took place in a room.

Uncle Hu, are you saying that you will act tonight?

Yes, I will go to Wudu tomorrow, and it will take about a week to come back, so I have to help you get rid of this anger as soon as possible.

Thank you, Uncle Hu, when you come back, we will go to Shengshi Hotel to greet you, and hung up the phone after we finished speaking.

Brother Feng, are you going to do it tonight?

Yes, Yuan Hao, just listen to my good news, I must avenge you.

Brother Fan, why did you come back so early? You didn't see it just now. There was almost a fight at the entrance of the restaurant. If it weren't for my goddess, they would have already started fighting.

Li Pingfan smiled. To be honest, I really have no interest in this. The most important thing now is how to get close to Li Mo without being noticed. I can’t let her know that his father invited me. , this money must be gone, so my own alchemy furnace is also gone. Li Fanfan originally wanted to use the current money to buy a tripod alchemy furnace, and there is no need to spend any money here. All of them were reimbursed, but Li Pingfan knew that what was written in the contract was that as long as Li Mo didn't find out during this period, he could still get 1.5 million. If he was found out, he would get 600,000 All of it will be taken back, so Li Pingfan dare not spend the money in his hand casually. Now he is in a very embarrassing situation, so Li Pingfan must find a way as soon as possible to make Li Mo trust himself, so as to protect her.

What are you talking about, return your goddess, people don't know you, you are a fat man who can take advantage of you, that is clearly my goddess.

Alas, you bastard, you still say that I take advantage of you? Do people know you?

Fortunately, he is from our department. I was so happy to see her in class in the afternoon. After talking about Xiaopang, he hugged the pillow and fell asleep. When he woke up, there was still saliva on the corner of his mouth. Is it dreaming of eating, or dreaming of a goddess.

Dinglingling, Brother Fan is about to be late.

Wait a minute, you four, why are you late at the beginning of school? Do you still want your credits for this semester?

I'm sorry, Mr. Liu, we just came here and didn't set an alarm clock, and we will definitely not next time. Let's bypass us, Mr. Liu, Xiaopang begged.

This is just the beginning of school and I won't say anything. If you are still late next time, you will have to wait for the make-up exam for this subject.

Okay, Mr. Liu, they quickly returned to their seats after speaking.

Boom boom boom, Teacher Liu, I'm sorry, I just came to school today, so I didn't check the time.

Go in and be careful next time.

Li Mo walked to Li Pingfan's side and sat down.

Wow, Brother Fan, let's switch places. I'll treat you to hot pot tonight. Xiao Pang sent a text message to Li Pingfan on his mobile phone.

Li Pingfan looked at his phone, then at Xiaopang, and was about to get up when Li Mo said.

Did I meet you somewhere?

Li Pingfan was a little stunned for a moment, this is the end, the 600,000 yuan is still not warm, it seems that he will return it again, damn it, why did I meddle in my own business at that time, I don’t care, the more than 2 million yuan I It must have been obtained, and Li Pingfan regretted it for a while.

I haven't seen you, how could you have seen me, I have never seen you, I was transferred here this semester, to be honest, I don't know who you are, how could I have seen you.

Strange, I see how you look like that...

Stop talking, the teacher is lecturing, you interrupted my study.

Cut, no one cares about you.

Ah, rascal, you touch me.

With a loud shout, everyone turned their eyes to Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan was also very helpless, he didn't do anything, why so many people looked at me, Li Pingfan looked at Li Mo, Li Mo showed a smug smile, it seems that you are too young to fight me, kid.

Didn't you let me touch it? Not to mention that it feels really good in the hand, very smooth, very... simply Li Pingfan said directly.

Stop talking, enough is enough.

At this time, all the men looked at Li Pingfan wishing to kill him, and dared to blaspheme the goddess in his heart, damn it, I must kill him.

Oh my god, when did a hooligan come to our class, he is so ugly, he doesn't deserve to carry shoes with this girl, yet he dares to touch Li Mo, I think this kid is going to die.

Hey... It's class time, we can talk about it after class, Teacher Liu interrupted their discussion.


		