

Chapter 127

leave

After confirming the cooperation with Luo Geng, Li Pingfan also asked Luo Geng why he came to Qixia Mountain.

Luo Geng said that he got the news that there was a Bai Jinghu here, so he came here to hunt the Bai Jinghu, but it was a coincidence that he met Li Pingfan here.

So where are you going next? Luo Geng asked.

Li Pingfan shook his head and said, I don't know, I originally wanted to go to Jiujiang, but I know that there should be Wang Yao's people everywhere in Jiujiang now, and with my current strength, I can't guarantee to defeat Wang Yao.

Then why don't you go back to Xilan City with me? Luo Geng said.

Li Pingfan looked at Luo Geng, but did not speak.

Luo Geng knew what Li Pingfan meant when he looked at him, so he continued.

Don't worry, since I, Luo Geng, have agreed to cooperate with you, I will not break my promise. I also want to know who is the real murderer of my son, and you will go back to Xilan City with me. Time to save you, secondly, you can help me find the murderer who killed my son. If you don't trust me, you can give me some kind of poison. Once I have a different heart, you can take my name instantly.

Li Pingfan smiled and said, there is no need to take any poison, I believe you, but I have to bring them, Li Pingfan pointed to the two white crystal tigers beside him.

Are you sure you want to bring them on? If others find out that they are Bai Jinghu, I'm afraid it will be bad for them.

Li Pingfan looked at the two white crystal tigers beside him, are you willing to leave with me? I will protect you.

The two white crystal tiger cubs seemed to understand Li Pingfan's intentions, and threw themselves into Li Pingfan's arms, expressing their willingness.

You don't have to worry about this, I just need you to help me prepare a remote house.

This is easy to say.

Well, in that case, let's go.

Before leaving, Li Pingfan gave the male white crystal tiger a few more injections. These injections can make their tiger wings grow faster without any side effects.

After Li Pingfan left, somewhere on Qixia Mountain.

Master, they left.

I left, and I asked you to check how it went.

I found out that his name is Li Pingfan, who suddenly appeared in Binhai a few months ago, and this person reported all the information about Li Pingfan to the door owner in front of him.

Well, since he took those two cubs away, I don't think there will be peace on Qixia Mountain. Nothing will happen to the remaining two white crystal tigers. You can send someone to watch them secretly, and protect them if necessary.

Yes, door master.

Oh, by the way, you should check in secret to see if the person there was born.

Yes, door master.

Li Pingfan followed Luo Geng to Xilan City. It was already evening when he arrived in Xilan City, and there were more mountains and forests in Xilan City, so it was no different from other cities.

, Li Pingfan followed Luo Geng to a remote small village, next to which was a big mountain.

From time to time, Li Pingfan would see people walking down the mountain with bamboo baskets on their backs and singing folk songs. This scene instantly reminded Li Pingfan of the time when he first met Huber.

Uncle Luo, why did you go down the mountain so early today?

Uh, Luo Geng, why do you have time to come here today? It just so happened that Xiaoxue was thinking about you two days ago. Let's go, let's go home.

Well, good Uncle Hu.

Uh, Luo Geng, is this your friend?

Yes, Uncle Luo, let's go home first, and I have an unkind request later.

Li Pingfan followed the two to Uncle Luo's home.

dad.

At this moment, a woman came out of the house, with black and beautiful hair, braided, a very well-proportioned face, a pair of bright eyes, and a very well-proportioned figure, with a faint smile that gave people the feeling of a little sister of the Lin family.

Xiaoxue, do you miss your father?

Of course, you are so busy every day, you don't even know to come and see me, why not my brother Yu.

But my brother Yu hasn't come for a long time, dad, brother, is he here this time?

Hmm... Xiaoxue, your brother, Dad asked your brother to go out to do some errands, and it will take a long time for him to come back, so ah, you may not see your brother for a while.

Ah well.

However, Dad will visit you often.

Really?

Well, really. Speaking of which, the corners of Luo Geng's eyes became moist.

Oh, by the way, Xiaoxue, can I introduce a new friend to you?

Yeah.

Luo Geng pointed to Li Fanfan and said, his name is Li Fanfan, and you can call him Brother Fanfan in the future.

Xiaoxue ran up and down in front of Li Pingfan, and then called Ping Ping's brother.

Brother Pingfan, can I hug the two kittens on your shoulders?

Hearing her mention of two kittens, Li Pingfan smiled faintly, thinking that they were Bai Jinghu, not kittens.

Well, Li Pingfan put the two white crystal tigers in Xiaoxue's arms.

Then follow Luo Geng into the house.

After a few people had a simple dinner, Luo Geng said.

Uncle Luo, I want to trouble you with one thing.

Luo Geng, if you have anything to say, just say it, you don't have to be so polite with me.

Thank you for Xiaoxue's matter. Her mother left early, and I don't have time to take care of her. Thanks to you for taking care of her.

Hey, Luo Geng, these are all trivial matters.

Oh no, are you going to take Xiaoxue away?

No, no, I'm begging you to let him live in your house too.

Uncle Luo didn't look at Li Pingfan carefully before, but now when Luo Geng said that he would let Li Pingfan live in his home, Uncle Luo started to look at Li Pingfan carefully.

Yes, I can see that his face is by no means ordinary.

what's your name lad

Oh, Rob, my name is Li Pingfan.

Ordinary, ordinary, good name, ordinary life, but often extraordinary, good name.

I promised, you will live in the room next to me from now on.

Li Pingfan nodded, his residence has been settled, and it is difficult for Wang Yao to find me in this place, so Li Pingfan doesn't have to worry about being found by Shura Palace for a while.

After Luo Geng arranged for Li Pingfan, he also left here.


		