

Chapter 63

Zhang Shaohuang

The night passed quickly, and a new day ushered in.

This day Li Pingfan got up early and prepared breakfast.

Jingle bell, a burst of alarm sounds.

Whose alarm, turn it off. Li Mo got a little impatient.

This alarm was of course set by Hu Yinger. After all, she had to get up early to study every day, which was completely different from Li Mo's living habits.

Hu Yinger also quickly turned off the ringtone of her cell phone, and then tiptoed to get up for fear of waking Li Mo.

Hu Yinger went downstairs after cleaning up, but what she didn't expect was that not long after she went downstairs, Li Mo also came down.

Then the two smelled the aroma again.

After several people had breakfast.

Let's go, I'll take you back, Li Fanfan said to Hu Yinger.

Hu Yinger nodded and said, OK.

Well, by the way, you can go back and think about what I told you last night. If you want to join the Liao League, you can tell me at any time.

Li Mo immediately became interested when he heard about Qiao Yumeng, and said that he was going to class with Hu Yinger.

After agreeing, the three of them went out together. Li Mo had been explaining the Qiaoyu League to Hu Yinger along the way. After all, he was the second head of the Qiaoyu League, so he was also obliged to recruit people for the Qiaoyu League.

Soon after arriving at the school, Li Pingfan sent the two of them to the classroom. He wanted to leave, but he heard people talking about Zhang Shaohuang, so Li Pingfan also stayed.

Hey, you know what? Zhang Shao came to the medical university, and he is trying to win over the school's influence.

Yes, I've heard about it too. It seems that something big happened at the Phoenix Bar last night, which caused Zhang Shao to suffer.

I've heard about it too, and ah, I also heard that Young Master Zhang will come to our class soon?

Yes, it seems to be for Hu Yinger in our class.

That's for sure, Hu Yinger, he is a commoner school girl, with that beautiful figure, that peerless face, and that soul-stirring voice, if you really listen to her voice, your ears will become pregnant.

Haha, stop talking, Hu Yinger is sitting over there, be careful not to be heard.

Uh, take a quick look, does the person next to Hu Yinger look familiar?

Yes, she looks familiar. She is Li Mo.

Damn, what day is it today, two school beauties came to our class all of a sudden.

No, no, I want to record today, I will ask Li Xiaohua for a phone number later, you guys have to help me.

Cut, you can pull it down, we don't know you yet, you can only talk about it.

This time I really want it, if you don’t believe me, just wait and see.

Cut, everyone shook their heads.

Well, stop talking, the teacher is here.

All these words were heard by Li Pingfan, and the most important thing is that Zhang Shaohuang will come soon, presumably what happened last night has not taught him a lesson, and he still wants to win over power, it seems that there must be something to do in this period of time occur.

Just as Li Pingfan was thinking, Zhang Shaohuang came.

Zhang Shaohuang walked into the classroom, walked directly to the seat next to Hu Yinger and sat down.

And Li Pingfan was indeed some distance away from them, but Li Pingfan could definitely hear the conversation between them.

Ying Er.

Hu Yinger ignored him.

Ying Er, can we have a meal together at noon?

Hu Yinger still ignored him.

Yinger, how about that night? Do you have time for a potluck?

Let me go, Zhang Shaohuang, you still have to be shameless, people don't want to talk to you, you still ask people with such a face, Li Mo said a little bit unbearably.

Whoops, I thought who it was, it turned out to be the Second Miss of the Li family.

how? Hurry up and leave when you see Miss Ben, so as not to delay my Ying Er's study.

Li Mo, don't think that you have the support of the Li family, so I dare not touch you. Don't forget how Lu Feng treated you before. If I want, I can do the same, but I don't have time to play with you now. .

When mentioning Lu Feng, Li Mo still felt a little scared in his heart, and when he wanted to go back, he choked up.

Seeing Li Mo, Hu Yinger was speechless.

I'm sorry, Young Master Zhang, I don't have time, Hu Yinger said.

Yinger, you are talking, time is all squeezed out, talking about Zhang Shaohuang, and making gestures with your hands.

Disgusting, Li Mo said to Zhang Shaohuang.

nausea? You won't say that when you're lying in my arms lol.

Have you forgotten how you begged Li Pingfan to let you go last night? When Hu Yinger spoke of Li Pingfan, her tone of voice became a lot tougher.

Li Pingfan is just a small person. I was careless last night. Don't worry, I have already called my father. Today I will arrange a master for me. When the time comes, I will make Li Pingfan unable to eat.

Hearing this, Li Mo and Hu Yinger were obviously worried about Li Pingfan. Although they all trusted Li Pingfan, the Zhang family was one of the big businessmen in Binhai. Find a group of masters to serve you.

Li Mo can understand this sentence better, because Li Pingfan was his father who used money to help him find it to protect him.

Despicable, you are not as good as him, so go find someone, shameless, Hu Yinger scolded.

Haha, Yinger, this is money ability, you can do whatever you want with money, Zhang Shaohuang laughed wickedly.

At this moment, there was a knock on the door.

Enter, at this moment, a group of students rushed towards the classroom outside the classroom door.

Every student ran towards Li Mo's direction, but as soon as they got to Li Mo's side, they saw Zhang Shaohuang at the side, scaring everyone away quickly.

After this little farce, the classroom regained its tranquility.

But at this moment, another knock on the door came into the classroom.

Come in, said the teacher on the podium.

When the door opened this time, a person who had disappeared for several days appeared.


		