

Chapter 95

Li Pingfan's duel

After several people chatting, the competition has come to the 10th game.

The tenth match is over, and the winner is No. 10.

Next, please invite No. 11 Liangzhou Nalan Family Nalan Yu to face No. 30 Yancheng Wumeng Zhang Xu.

After a sound fell, the two also walked towards the ring separately.

Game start.

Zhang Xu attacked Nalan Yu.

Nalan Yu responded calmly, and the two fought back and forth.

At this time, the sponsor was at the table: Brother Nalan, your grandson has grown up a lot.

Brother Lin, you're joking, it's just that Yu'er has worked hard all the time to develop his current strength, and it's all his own hard work.

Haha, brother Nalan is being modest, although Nalan Yu's talent is good, but it is definitely inseparable from your teaching.

The two are hugging each other.

And when the two people on the ring fought more than fifty moves, Li Pingfan felt the fake technique again, and this time the person who used the fake technique was Nalan Yu, which made Li Pingfan unable to calm down.

What he didn't expect was that Nalan Yu's fake technique was more powerful than Tian Zhong's fake technique. For example, Tian Zhong's fake technique could last for ten seconds, while Nalan Yu's could last for 50 seconds.

Although the power of the fake technique is not as powerful as the real technique, it can also achieve unexpected results in key battles. Although it is only within a few tens of seconds, one's own strength and speed will be improved in an all-round way, but for those who have not practiced the technique Generally speaking, they are completely invincible, unless the strength of the opponent completely surpasses the person who uses the false technique.

(A skill comes from a skill. In a battle between two people, it was originally a fist-to-fist fight, but if you learn a skill, it means you have an extra attack or defense or some bonuses For example, Li Pingfan's wind control skill is to use the wind to increase his own speed and increase his own strength. , is different from the false technique, Li Pingfan's practice of controlling the wind will not only be for a short time, but will be determined according to Li Pingfan's own strength and aura. It is maintained by the truly pure spiritual energy, and although Li Pingfan does not know what energy is needed to maintain the false art, but it is always the same. And whether there is a real magic technique in this world, Li Pingfan has never seen it, so he himself does not know, but after seeing the two fake magic techniques today, Li Pingfan also knows that this definition is not simple.)

The result of the game was obvious, and Nalan Yu won the final victory.

After this game, finally waited for Li Pingfan to play.

Please invite No. 12 Binhai Wumeng Li Pingfan to fight No. 29 Shura Palace Zhao Huai.

When everyone heard about Asura Hall, their faces were gloomy. They didn't expect people from the majestic killer organization Asura Hall to also attend the Martial Arts Conference.

Yes, they must also be greedy for resources after victory.

That's right, if you think about it, those powerful families who can participate in the Martial Arts Conference are not greedy for resources.

When Li Pingfan heard his name, he went straight to the ring. Feng Zhenghao wanted to give some instructions, but was stopped by Wu Zhiguo.

Are you the one who picks up girls in the ring? Zhao Huai said.

Li Pingfan ignored Zhao Huai.

Hmph, you're proud, but I hope you'll be as proud later when you beg for mercy at my feet.

Game start.

Zhao Huai shot directly.

Sure enough, Zhao Huai's move was a killer move, and he wanted Li Pingfan's life directly, but if it was someone else, he might still be afraid, but Li Pingfan was a person who almost became a fairy, how could he be scared by his few blows arrive.

Li Pingfan calmly dealt with Zhao Huai's killing moves, and Zhao Huai was very angry when he saw that the killing moves he was proud of were deciphered by Li Pingfan one by one.

So he used all his strength to attack Li Pingfan.

Seeing the luck technique, Li Pingfan also returned a blow, and the two punches collided again.

Boom, Zhao Huai was beaten to the ground, with blood still dripping from the corner of his mouth.

No, it's impossible, how could I lose to a brat, how could I lose to a majestic Asura Palace killer, no, it's absolutely impossible.

Zhao Huai was talking to himself.

Li Pingfan thought that when the competition could end, Zhao Huai directly threw a poisonous silver needle at Li Pingfan.

Be careful, Wu Zhiguo and Wu Yanxia, ​​Feng Zhenghao shouted loudly.

Li Pingfan turned his head to look at the silver needle flying towards him, and Li Pingfan took it with his bare hands.

Then Li Pingfan walked up to Zhao Huai slowly and said, I thought this was just a competition, and I didn't want to ask for someone's Xingming.com. After all, everyone has a meaning to exist, but you ignored the rules of the competition and asked me You have successfully angered me by launching the hidden weapon, Li Pingfan said coldly.

After that, Li Pingfan patted Zhao Huai lightly.

Li Pingfan injected a soft aura into Zhao Huai's body, but when the aura flowed through Zhao Huai's body, Zhao Huai clearly felt that his own strength was being weakened.

I give up, I give up, I give up.

After admitting defeat three times in a row, Zhao Huai was really in a hurry this time. It's just too late, Zhao Huai's cultivation has been completely dispersed by Li Pingfan, that is to say, Zhao Huai has become a mortal.

Li Pingfan, you, he has already said to admit defeat, and you still take action to disperse his cultivation base, at this time an old man from the Asura Hall said.

Oh? Yeah? How do you know that I lost his cultivation after he said he would admit defeat?

Before he said he would admit defeat, I had lost his cultivation, and I want to tell you that a competition is a competition, if you use a vicious hidden weapon under the ring, I will not say anything, since it is a competition, you dare to use a hidden weapon, He deserves to die, not to mention that I have saved his life, so you can have fun secretly, Li Pingfan said.

You, you, okay, let me see how crazy you will be tomorrow.

Come here, if there is a next time, I will not just lose my cultivation, Li Pingfan said coldly.


		