

Chapter 147

agreement

If I'm not cruel, why did you come out? Li Pingfan said.

Oh? do you know we're around

Li Pingfan didn't answer, and Li Pingfan didn't bother to answer such a mentally handicapped question.

Yu Xiaorou observed Li Pingfan's surroundings.

Don't look, Bai Jinghu has already been sent to a place where you can't find it, so you don't need to waste your efforts.

Well, since we can't find them, it's the same with taking you back.

Then I'm afraid you will be disappointed.

Oh? Yeah? Brother Wang, come out.

I don't know if the little friend has noticed Brother Wang's arrival?

Hey, really, it's you guys again, presumably there should be someone from Qixiamen.

Yes, little friend, I'm here, Liu Ran said.

It seems that you don't recover as fast as them, Li Pingfan said.

There is no way, I was exhausted from the battle with Xiaoyou, of course it will take some time to recover.

You have also seen that Bai Jinghu is not with me.

Yes, he is indeed not there, but who said we are looking for him? Wang Bolin said.

Seems like it's for me.

Yes, you are more valuable than Bai Jinghu, Liu Ran said.

I understand, you have taken a fancy to my technique.

Everyone is silent.

Do you need to just say it? I, Li Pingfan, am not a stingy person, really.

That is to say, ordinary little friends are willing to teach us spells?

Li Pingfan shook his head, unwilling.

Then, I will invite you to come with us, and Yu Xiaorou is ready to make a move after talking.

No, no, no, I mean of course I would. Li Pingfan also understands the principle that heroes don’t suffer immediate losses. Before fighting against them, they dared to fight because they had consumed too much spiritual power. Now that they have recovered, Li Pingfan Of course, I would not choose eggs to hit rocks.

If you want, then come with us.

Wait a minute, Li Pingfan said.

Oh? Do you have any questions?

No, no, I mean, who am I going to go back with?

Boy, I know your intentions, but you don't have to provoke our relationship, we have our own agreement.

Li Pingfan shook his head helplessly, thinking, this group of people are smart.

That being the case, I can go back with you, but I still have some things to do, I need a week, after a week, Qixia Mountain is injured, how about I wait for you? Li Pingfan said.

No, you have to go with us now, Liu Ran said.

That being the case, let's fight, Li Pingfan said domineeringly.

Seeing that the situation was not right, Wang Bolin quickly said, Brother Liu, the ordinary little friend just needs a week to deal with personal affairs, we still need to understand this human nature.

That...

Wang Bolin hurriedly stopped Liu Ran from continuing to speak.

Ordinary friend, please wait a moment, let me discuss with you.

Then please hurry up, maybe I will change my mind after a while, Li Pingfan said angrily.

Brother Wang, why did you stop me from speaking?

Brother Liu, if we really push him into a hurry now, first of all we will get nothing, and the whole fish will die.

If the fish dies and the net breaks, the fish dies and the net breaks me. I am afraid that he will not succeed in Qixiamen.

You are not afraid, but have you ever thought about what you need, is to kill him?

Liu Ran shook her head at this moment.

That's right, we need his spells. Only in this way can our family and sect be able to enter there. You must know that as long as we can enter there, the resources we can do will increase several times compared to now. Is not it? Brother Liu.

Yu Xiaorou next to her also nodded, this was their purpose.

What brother Wang said is very true, I am confused.

Ordinary friend, we have discussed it, and we agree with your proposal, but if you don't come by then, what should we do?

I, Li Pingfan, have always kept my word, and what I say will surely count.

Ordinary friend, it's not that we don't believe you, it's just that it's hard to convince all of us with your one-sided words.

How about you.

How about this, let one of us go with you, there will be a support along the way, if we meet that short-sighted person, we can solve the trouble for the little friend, right?

Damn it, old fox, Li Pingfan scolded secretly.

No, what I have to do is some private matter, and it is inconvenient for outsiders to know.

Since Xiaoyou doesn't agree, we have no choice but to force you to leave, Wang Bolin said sinisterly.

However, I have a solution.

Say.

You can arrange for a disciple to go with me. I have other things to do today. You can ask the disciple to wait for me in Binhai first. Someone will arrange for him there. I will go to him at noon tomorrow, what do you think?

Hmm... Several people fell silent.

After a while, several people began to discuss.

Brother Wang, what do you think, Liu Ran asked.

Yes, yes, but who should we arrange?

Let me, Wuxin Pavilion Liu Shihuan go with him, Yu Xiaorou said.

Sister Xiao Rou, you saw the battle just now, her strength is not comparable to Li Pingfan's at all, I'm afraid...Wang Bolin hesitated to speak.

Yes, yes, sister Xiao Rou, why not let me, Zhang Heng of Qixia Gate, go with him.

What brother Liu said is inappropriate, I think it would be better for my family Wang Zekun to go.

For a while, several people fell into an argument.

Um, why not send someone from our family to go with him, Wang Bolin said with a slap on the forehead.

Okay, I think it's okay, and the two agreed.

Ordinary friend, your suggestion is fine, but it still has some shortcomings.

Oh? What is lacking, Li Pingfan said.

I'm afraid it's not appropriate to send one person to you. We discussed that the family should send one person to you. What do you think?

Li Pingfan thought for a while.

Now I can only agree first, as long as the white crystal tiger cub is sent to Binhai, I can adapt to the situation when the time comes.

OK, yes, I agree.

After that, Wang Bolin, Yu Xiaorou, Liu Ran and the others patted their children and went to Binhai first.

Then everyone left the place.

Li Pingfan continued to search for Wu Yanxia, ​​and finally found Wu Yanxia several miles away.

Li Pingfan asked Wu Yanxia to leave this place by herself and go to Binhai, and then asked her to arrange food, clothing, housing and transportation for the people from the previous sects.

And Li Pingfan went to Binhai alone with two white crystal tigers.


		