

Chapter 93

ring match

After Li Pingfan's competition ended, the second group's personnel competition followed. The second group's competition was obviously not as tragic as the first group's. At the end of the second group's competition, there were still 12 people left.

Then there was the third group of competitions, and there were only 10 people left in the end.

After the first three rounds of competition, 30 people have already advanced, that is to say, there are only ten people left in the last group.

After going through the last group of competitions, what Li Pingfan didn't expect was that Wu Yanxia was promoted.

Not only Li Pingfan didn't expect that even Wu Zhiguo and Feng Zhenghao didn't expect that Wu Yanxia could advance. It can be said that Wu Yanxia is the weakest among the remaining contestants.

After confirming the 40 people who were promoted, all the people also returned to their places of residence.

Li Pingfan did not go to practice after returning to the hotel this time, but began to rest in bed, because the real competition that greeted him tomorrow, and none of the remaining forty people could be underestimated.

So Li Pingfan must recharge his batteries.

In the blink of an eye, it was already the third day of the group arena. Li Pingfan came to the competition area like the previous two days, but this time it was a one-on-one competition, and the method of the competition was also a lottery, ranging from one to forty. No., after drawing the numbers, the subsequent competition is No. 1 and No. 40, and No. 2 and No. 39 will compete in this way.

After drawing lots, Li Pingfan got the number 12, and his opponent was number 29.

And Wu Yanxia drew No. 6, and her opponent was No. 35.

And before the group arena, everyone needs to sign a life-and-death agreement, because in a one-on-one group arena, everyone will definitely not hold back, and it is inevitable that there will be life and death.

After all the draws were drawn, Li Pingfan learned that his opponent was a casual cultivator from Huacheng named Zhou Qian.

What is unexpected is that Wu Yanxia's opponent is Liu Hao.

After learning that her opponent was Liu Hao, Wu Yanxia's expression instantly became extremely embarrassing.

Wu Zhiguo's expression on the side also changed suddenly.

Wu Zhiguo wanted Wu Yanxia to abstain, but Wu Yanxia insisted on participating in the competition. Wu Zhiguo couldn't hold back his granddaughter, so he had no choice but to agree, but in the end he also told him to be careful, and if he couldn't do it, he would immediately admit defeat.

And Li Pingfan's side is indeed extremely calm. When Feng Zhenghao looks at Li Pingfan, he always gives him a feeling that this person is definitely not the age in front of him, because he is too calm. Normally, if a person of his age can advance To the top 40, at least there will be some mood lines for me, but Feng Zhenghao has observed Li Fanfan in the past two days, and he has not felt the slightest emotional fluctuations in Li Fanfan. cold.

After everyone signed the life-and-death agreement, the official competition will begin.

The contestants in the first round were Fengzelong from Fenggemen of Huacheng and Qin Feng, a member of Wumeng from Stone City.

After the two heard the notice, they also quickly came to the ring.

With a bang the game started.

Qin Feng took the lead in attacking, and punched Feng Zelei head-on, Feng Zelei dodged sideways, but at the same time as dodging, Feng Zelei also punched Qin Feng, the two fought hard on the ring .

Qin Feng punched again, but this punch seemed to have a thin air, Feng Zelei punched Qin Feng at the same time, the two fists collided, making a bang bang sound.

The audience in the audience was also extremely shocked when they saw this scene.

These two people are really too strong, is this still a battle between mortals?

I'm afraid I won't be able to achieve this kind of power in my life.

Has this already touched that realm? It's too strong.

Yes, it is said that Fengzelong broke through to the ground level half a year ago. At that time, I thought it was a fake, but looking at it now, it is definitely not a lie.

Yes, yes, but one thing to say, the strength of the person who can face Feng Zelong for such a long time should not be underestimated.

Of course, he is a member of our Stone City Martial Arts League, and his strength should not be underestimated. The person who said this had a proud expression on his face.

Unexpectedly, unexpectedly, such a powerful master can appear in Stone City, a city that does not inherit martial arts.

Some people around boasted, some complimented.

At this time, Li Pingfan said something, Qin Feng should lose.

As soon as this sentence came out, not only Wu Yanxia looked at Li Pingfan with some doubts, but even Feng Zhenghao looked at Li Pingfan with some disbelief. Only Wu Zhiguo nodded at Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan, what do you say, do you see anything? Wu Yanxia asked with some doubts.

You can see Feng Zelong's expression is extremely flat, that is to say, he still has his hands back, but you can see that Qin Feng doesn't have much strength now. If he keeps fighting, Qin Feng will lose. After Li Pingfan's simple After the explanation, Wu Yanxia carefully observed again, and felt that what Li Pingfan said was very reasonable. At this moment, Qin Feng fell to the ground in response, and then Feng Zelong kicked Qin Feng hard again, directly trying to kick Qin Feng to death. on stage.

Kacha, Qin Feng's ribs were broken by Feng Zelong's kick. When Feng Zelong was about to lift his second kick, Qin Feng said from his mouth, "I admit defeat", but the voice was extremely weak, but Feng Zelong on the stage Zelong could indeed hear it, but after Feng Zelong heard it, the power of this kick did not slow down in the slightest.

Bang, Qin Feng was kicked off the ring heavily by Feng Zelong.

At this moment, the people in Stone City stared at Feng Zelong fiercely, but they had signed a life-and-death agreement, so this kind of anger could only be endured.

As Qin Feng fell, there was a sound on the stage. In the first round, Fenggemen Fengzelong played against Stone City Qinfeng. Of course, there are also people who are very enthusiastic. These people must be mostly people from Stone City.

Please invite No. 2 and No. 39 to compete.


		