

Chapter Forty-Three

Fengyincao

My grandfather is the head of the Yaomen, that is, Binhai Li's family, you must know this.

Li Pingfan nodded, he did know these things.

But the year before last, I don’t know why, my grandfather suffered from a strange disease. The family has invited all the famous doctors here, but they can’t cure it, and the cause can’t be found out. Now my grandfather’s life is completely dependent on drugs to maintain his life. , if it can't be cured, grandpa may not survive this month. After speaking, tears welled up in the corners of Li Mo's eyes.

Can Lu Shengshou not be cured? Li Pingfan said.

Hmph, the Lu family, the Lu family doesn't have a good thing, if it wasn't for the Lu family, my brother wouldn't have died.

We have never invited Lu Shengshou before. My sister and father once speculated that my grandfather's illness might be caused by the Lu family, but we didn't have any evidence, so we let it go.

Grandpa Huang told me a few days ago that this herb can cure my grandfather's illness.

I bought this spiritual herb with great difficulty, how could I give it to you?

Li Pingfan feels that this matter is a bit strange. Fengyincao can treat some diseases, but it is not a panacea, and if it is used to treat diseases, it needs a lot of medicine. With the impact of a big spiritual energy, he might explode and die the moment he takes the Fengyincao again. It seems that this Huang Yaoshi must not be a good person.

Who is this Huang Yaoshi, and what is his relationship with your grandfather, Li Pingfan asked.

You said Grandpa Huang, he is the most powerful doctor in Binhai Hospital, and also the oldest doctor. In our Binhai, besides Lu Shengshou, this Huang Yaoshi is the only one.

Then, Yaoshi Huang, did you ever say that taking this herb requires some medicine?

Yaoyin, what kind of medicine, I haven't heard Grandpa Huang say this.

Do you know this grass? Li Mo asked puzzledly.

This herb, named Fengyin Grass, is also a kind of spiritual herb that absorbs the aura of heaven and earth. This kind of herb does have miraculous effects in curing all kinds of diseases, but for some elderly people, it needs to be taken with some medicine. .

And judging from your situation just now, your grandfather won't have much effect if he takes this wind singing grass, and he may explode and die immediately after taking it.

After Li Mo listened, he instantly collapsed to the ground.

What did you say, explode and die, no, no.

If your grandpa has time, I can go and show him.

You, you are a freshman, can you really do it?

Li Mo knew that the man in front of him definitely thought he was a master in fighting, but Li Mo was hesitant to ask him to heal and save people.

But she herself didn't know why, the man in front of her, she had an inexplicable sense of trust in what he said from his mouth.

You really can cure diseases and save lives, Li Mo questioned.

Of course, if you believe in me, you can let me have a look. If I cure your grandfather, give me this wind singing grass. If I don’t cure your grandfather, I don’t want anything. You can think about it , You don’t suffer at all. Tell me when you think about it. Tell me in advance when to go to your house. I’ll take this pearl grass downstairs and plant it in the garden. If it leaves the soil for a long time, it will lose most of its medicinal properties. At that time, the gain outweighed the loss. After speaking, Li Pingfan picked up Fengyincao and left the secret room.

After Li Pingfan left, he immediately came to the garden and planted it carefully.

At this time, Li Mo in the secret room was a little demented, as if he had been dazzled by today's events, and now even he didn't know who to trust. On the one hand, he was a friend of his grandfather, and he was also a top three doctor in Binhai City. He was a young man who came out of nowhere. No matter what he said, he should believe in Grandpa Huang, but for some reason, he was more convinced of Li Pingfan's words, so his mind was very confused now.

Unknowingly, this day passed quietly, and the villa was very quiet on this day, without any sound.

The next day when Li Pingfan came to the secret room, he saw Li Mo sitting in the corner trembling. Li Mo hugged himself, still muttering, don't go, help me.

Li Pingfan patted her on the shoulder and gave her a comforting look.

Li Mo seemed to see a kind of firmness in Li Pingfan's eyes, as if telling himself again, please believe me.

Are you sure you can cure my grandpa?

Eighty percent.

Li Pingfan did not dare to be 100% sure, after all, he only came to this star field not long ago, if he really had a strange disease, he was not sure that he could cure it 100%, but Li Pingfan believed that at least 80% of the cases here would be cured. The disease can definitely be resolved by itself.

Okay, I believe you can, come home with me tomorrow and help my grandpa treat.

tomorrow

Well, what's the matter, do you have anything to do tomorrow?

There is nothing wrong, why can't it be today, after all, I can get in touch with patients one day earlier and know the condition one day earlier.

You know, since I moved here, I don't have to go to class every day. After all, most people now know that your father asked me to protect your affairs, so the school no longer has any requirements for me. Now I But he was alone, Li Pingfan said with a smile.

Haha, so to speak, I still hurt you.

This is not true, but I also want to get the Wind Yin Grass as soon as possible.

Is the wind-songing grass the one you took yesterday?

Li Pingfan nodded.

You are so confident, you will definitely get it?

Li Pingfan hesitated, but finally nodded.

Haha, it's okay, even if you don't cure my grandfather, I will give you the wind singing grass. After hearing so much from you yesterday, this bead grass will definitely not be useful to my grandfather.

I don't know why I believe you so much, anyway, I will trust you inexplicably as long as it is what you say, I hope my feeling is not wrong, Li Mo thought to himself.

Well, since you've said that, then we don't have to wait until tomorrow, just wait for me a moment, I'll pack up, and we'll set off in a while.

Li Pingfan smiled and helped her to her bedroom.

After more than ten minutes, I don't know if it was because I was too anxious, or what, Li Mo packed it up.

Li Pingfan was stunned for a moment. He had lived under this roof for a few days, and knew Li Mo's living habits more or less. It usually takes at least an hour and a half to get dressed. It will be ready in a few minutes, Li Pingfan sighed in his heart, a woman is indeed a magical creature.

After Li Mo packed up, the two left the villa and set off in the direction of Li's house.


		