

Chapter Ninety-Nine

Tian Zhong

After the competition of the remaining ten people is over, the top five people have come out, namely Fengzelong, Tian Zhong, Nalan Yu, He Haoran and Li Pingfan. These five people also need to draw lots for the competition. The number five pick is eligible for a bye.

Li Pingfan was very unlucky and got number 1.

Tian Zhong got No. 2, Nalan Yu No. 3, He Haoran No. 4, Feng Ze Long No. 5, so Feng Ze Long could have a bye in this round.

After the lottery was drawn, the five returned to their positions one after another and began to rest. After all, everyone had experienced a big battle.

After several hours, the game started again.

The first game is of course a duel between Li Pingfan and Tian Zhong.

After the two played, Tian Zhong said, I know you are strong, but I will not show mercy.

it is good.

Game start.

Tian Zhong and Li Pingfan moved one after another.

Boom punched each other, and Boom punched again.

The battle on the ring was very fierce, and it was not at all like the battle between the two who had experienced a big battle before.

Every blow is trying to kill the opponent.

It's too intense, it's clearly trying to take the opponent's life directly.

You say who will win in the end.

It's really hard to say, I think you all know that Li Pingfan's fighting power in the previous few battles is really amazing.

Even if he is amazing, Tian Zhong of my Huacheng Martial Arts League is not bad. In the first few battles, the combat power he showed was unexpected, especially in the battle against Lu Meng, the daughter of the Lu family. , It seems ordinary, but who would have thought that the power could be so powerful. I heard that the daughter of the Lu family is still lying in the ward of the hospital.

Oh? Is there such a thing? Miss Lu Meng was not a big problem at the time, why is she in the hospital now? Hey, it was for the sake of face.

It turned out that this was the case, and the people around were talking about it.

And when Li Pingfan and Tian Zhong were competing, they were in a hotel room in Huacheng.

What Zhao Hai was killed by him?

Yes, Deacon Li, Zhao Hai was killed by Li Pingfan's fist.

And Zhao Huai let him lose his cultivation, Deacon Li, you have to avenge them.

Deacon Li roared angrily, how is it possible, Zhao Hai has the strength of the ground level, how could he be killed easily by him.

Could it be that this person has reached the strength of the late stage? Otherwise, it would be impossible to be killed so easily.

Judging from his current strength, Deacon Li has not yet reached the late stage of the earth stage, but he seems to have some kind of secret technique. You know my ability, and I can feel his skills and the skills we are practicing in this world now. Law is different.

Oh, if this is the case, then we need to plan carefully. You go and report this matter to Elder Wang and let him come to Huacheng quickly. We need to plan.

Yes, Deacon Li.

On the other hand, on the ring at this time, the corners of Tian Zhong's mouth slightly raised and curved.

Li Pingfan took my punch.

Li Pingfan knew what Tian Zhong was going to do, so Li Pingfan changed his gestures, muttered silently, and controlled the wind.

Hush, gust of wind blows behind Li Pingfan, and Li Pingfan can get all-round improvement in strength and speed in this strong wind.

Boom, at the same time punch Tian Zhong loudly.

As soon as Tian Zhong received the punch, he directly stepped back dozens of steps, and then answered to the end, spitting blood from the corner of his mouth.

After this punch, the deacons of the Huacheng Wumeng were a little uneasy. They clearly felt that there was a strong wind behind Li Pingfan just now, but how could there be wind in this season? Could it be that he was suddenly startled when he thought of this? .

At this time, Nalan Jie and the others in the judging booth were also unable to control their emotions.

They thought in their hearts, is this the real magic technique?

Especially Nalan Jie, he has some research on these techniques, so he was able to create Nalan Jie's fake techniques.

But if he encounters a real technique, then his fake technique will be vulnerable.

Not only Nalan Jie, but even Nalan Yu was a little surprised. Others didn't know, but he knew that what Li Pingfan used was the real magic technique, which was twice as strong as his fake technique.

Of course, there are people who are shocked, and there are people who are not shocked. They just think that Li Pingfan's last punch is amazingly powerful. These have not been studied.

Even Wu Zhiguo and Feng Zhenghao felt that Li Pingfan's final blow was just powerful, and there was no other reason.

The battle ended in everyone's shock and disbelief.

Binhai Li Pingfan played Huacheng Tianzhong, Li Pingfan won.

With a sound, Li Pingfan walked off the ring.

Next, please, Huacheng Fengzelong will face Jiujiang He Haoran.

The battle between the two ended with Feng Zelong's victory after more than fifty moves.

And then Li Pingfan, Feng Zelong and Nalan Yu were left to compete for the first, second and third places.

The game is still decided by drawing lots, and the one who gets the number three is also a bye.

This time Li Pingfan got No. 1 again and Nalan Yu got No. 2. Feng Zelong had a bye.

After the three rested again for several hours.

Li Pingfan and Nalan Yu came to the ring.

After the game started with a sound.

I surrender.

I thought that what was waiting was a fierce battle between the two, but I didn't expect that Nalan Yu would take the initiative to admit defeat.

This operation confused everyone present.

Doesn't Nalan Yu think that he is not Li Pingfan's opponent?

This is impossible, who is Nalan Yu, he is the famous Nalan World in Liangzhou, how could he surrender without a fight?

That's right, that's right, even if they can't fight, the Nalan family's temper will have to fight.

Something is wrong, something is wrong.

Not only the people in the audience were puzzled, but even Li Pingfan was also a little puzzled.

But in a few breaths, Li Pingfan also figured it out, it might be the reason for the wind control technique.

After Nalan Yu conceded defeat, the final competition with Feng Zelong will be ushered in next. Whoever wins this round will be the first, and he can get the exercises and herbs at the same time.


		