

Chapter Forty-Two

Phoenix Yin Grass

Brother Fan, do you really want to move out?

Li Pingfan nodded

Will you move back then?

Li Pingfan shook his head again, because he knew that this task would end in this semester, and he would leave this place at that time. Whether this group of people can see each other again is another matter.

Li Pingfan simply packed his belongings, then took Su Haokai with him, and handed him some simple martial arts. Li Pingfan left the dormitory. Before Li Pingfan left, Li Pingfan gave Su Haokai his address.

As for the problems of changing places to live, Li Mo can completely solve them, and Li Pingfan doesn't have to worry about them at all, so Li Pingfan also moved into the villa area smoothly.

After Li Pingfan moved into the place where he lived, he began to set up the spirit gathering array. At the same time, he got Li Mo's permission to plant any plants in the garden, but now Li Pingfan doesn't have too many herbs to match these spiritual soils. Although using spiritual soil to grow medicinal herbs will have spiritual energy after they mature, they must be divided into varieties. If the species is not good, the specified spiritual energy of the herb planted is not very strong. In this case, the spiritual soil will be wasted, so Li Pingfan did not leave. To plant elixir, Li Pingfan decided to wait a few days before going to the Traditional Chinese Medicine Street to find some high-quality medicinal materials. If he could still make a few pots of spirit-gathering grass, that would be great.

After Li Pingfan got everything ready, he began to use the exercises and constantly changed his gestures. In an instant, the aura in the house was huge. benefit.

Because the aura of heaven and earth will be pulled into the formation in an instant when the formation is just arranged, so in that hour, when the aura of heaven and earth is indeed the strongest, Li Pingfan didn't waste any time, just sat on the ground and began to absorb the aura of heaven and earth.

Boom, a majestic aura of heaven and earth poured into his body in an instant. This is the first time that Li Pingfan has poured so much aura at once in this star field. He instantly feels that his body is about to burst, but as long as he can Refining these auras, the benefits to oneself are also self-evident.

Li Pingfan skillfully refined the majestic spiritual energy in his body, letting every trace of spiritual energy flow through his body, so as to baptize himself and strengthen his soul power at the same time.

Just like this, an hour has passed. At this time, the aura in the spirit gathering array is much thinner than before, but compared with the outside world, the aura in the gathering spirit array is still very strong.

After an hour of practice, Li Pingfan obviously felt his own strength improved, but he still hadn't broken through to the third level of Qi training, but now he was already in the late stage of the second level of Qi training, and he was only one step away from breaking through the third level of Qi training. As long as he breaks through to the third level of Qi training, Li Pingfan firmly believes that when he meets Feng Zhenghao again, he can directly suppress him ruthlessly.

And during this practice, Li Pingfan faintly felt that this place was unusual, but Li Pingfan couldn't tell what was unusual there, because even though the Spirit Gathering Formation had just been set up, although the aura of heaven and earth would be very strong, it wouldn't be like this place. Same as last time, this time the richness of aura can reach the effect of a medium-sized spirit gathering array, but Li Pingfan hasn't figured out why, but now it seems that these are extremely helpful for him to improve his strength, So Li Pingfan didn't think much about it.

Ding, ding, ding, the doorbell rang.

Li Pingfan unfolded his consciousness, and found that Li Mo and some workers were playing with some flowers and plants. Suddenly, Li Pingfan found a grass. This pearl grass was exactly the spirit grass he needed, Fengyin grass, this is the real second-grade spirit. Li Pingan couldn't hold back his heart, and once again thought about how to get this Zhufeng Yincao.

Li Pingfan quickly got up and walked outside the house.

Miss Li Mo, what are you using these flowers and plants for?

Oh, I heard you say that you want to plant flowers and plants in the garden, so I bought them for you.

At this time, Li Pingfan was already in a happy mood. He didn't expect that he could get this Pearl Phoenix Chanting Grass by accident. It seems that moving here this time must be a wise choice.

Then thank Ms. Li Mo first, I can move these by myself, you go back first.

Li Pingfan sent away the worker who delivered the flowers.

When Li Pingfan came back again, he saw Li Mo holding Fengyincao and ran upstairs.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan quickly stopped.

Wait a minute, aren't these flowers and plants prepared for me?

Yes, the ones downstairs are indeed prepared for you. The one in my hand is not a flower, it is a medicinal plant, which I want to use as medicine.

To use it as medicine, Li Pingfan felt a hatred in his heart. If you use this as medicine, it would be a waste of money. If this second-grade spiritual grass is used to make alchemy, it will definitely help him break through to the third level of Qi training, but Li Pingfan can't say it.

Are you sick? If you are sick, I can help you treat it. The grass in your hand cannot be used as medicine. It is poisonous. If it is not handled properly, it will poison people to death. Li Pingfan is also serious nonsense.

If you are unwell, I can help you take a look. After all, I am also a medical student. Li Pingfan smiled awkwardly.

It's not me, it's my grandfather, Li Mo said, sitting on the ground and crying.

Li Pingfan hurriedly stepped forward to support Li Mo, what happened to your grandfather, I can go and show him, Li Pingfan said.

After listening to Li Pingfan's words, Li Mo cried even louder. Fortunately, the sound insulation effect of the villa is good, otherwise the security guards would have arrived long ago.

A few minutes later, Li Mo got up and took Li Pingfan back to the previous secret room again.

My grandfather's matter is a taboo in the family, and I dare not talk nonsense, but if you promise me that you will not spread it after listening, then I will tell you about my grandpa's matter.

Li Pingfan nodded and replied, I promise you.

Li Mo looked into Li Pingfan's eyes. From Li Pingfan's eyes, Li Mo seemed to feel that the man in front of her was completely trustworthy. That's why she let the man in front of her move into her home, so she didn't know what to do. She calmly told him about the family affairs.

Well, what you hear from now on, you have to forget immediately after leaving this secret room, Li Mo said seriously.

This also made Li Pingfan a little curious, what is it that is so serious, Li Pingfan also looked expectantly.

I promise you, you can speak now, Li Pingfan said lightly.


		