

Chapter 103

you can't leave

After the battle between Li Pingfan and Luo Yudu was over, Li Pingfan returned to his position, and no one challenged him for a while.

Even the families or sects that had some ideas before gave up this idea, and they were afraid that they would lose their money and people by then.

So the last day of the challenge is about to end. In this day, except for Luo Yu who challenged Li Fanfan, no one challenged Li Fanfan, but many of the remaining people challenged them. It's just that most of them ended in failure. In the end, only No. 8 and No. 9 were replaced, and the rest were still the original team.

At the end of the competition, Nalan Jie came to the stage to present awards, and distributed everyone's rewards to individuals. After receiving the rewards, Li Pingfan presented two books of exercises to Wu Zhiguo, while he himself held the Linglong Grass.

And at the moment on the ring, Nalan Jie was sitting on the final statement, thanking everyone for participating in the third Martial Arts Tournament... The Martial Arts Tournament is officially over.

Huh, huh, huh, everyone in the audience clapped their hands, and then they all left.

Little ordinary brother, we should also leave, Feng Zhenghao said.

Li Pingfan nodded and said, let's go.

You can't leave yet.

At this moment, a very abrupt voice came into the area where Li Pingfan was.

Asura Hall, Rakshasa Hall, what do you want to do, Li Pingfan asked.

Did you just kill Luo Yu and leave? An old man in the Raksha Temple said.

There is no matter life or death on the stage, and a life and death agreement has been signed.

Life and death agreement, you obviously don't have to kill Luo Yu, but you just killed him.

The people who were exiting at the moment heard this scene and walked back one after another. After a while, the area where Li Pingfan was located was completely surrounded.

Don't be too arrogant in the Rakshasa Hall, there are rules in the arena, life and death are fate, are you going to break the rules in the arena? Wu Zhiguo said.

Wu Zhiguo, the Binhai Wu family, was indeed quite famous thirty years ago, but this incident seems to have nothing to do with your Wu family. I advise you not to get involved, otherwise I am afraid that something will happen to your lovely granddaughter...

Hahahaha, Wu Zhiguo laughed out loud, do you think my Wu family was frightened?

Luoshadian, a small organization that has just emerged in the past two years, dared to shout in front of me. Wu Zhiguo slapped him, and the old man who had spoken before Luoshadian flew backwards.

What about us, said Deacon Li of the Asura Hall.

Deacon Li, I hope this matter can be put to rest. My Li family is willing to pay to compensate Shura Temple. At this time, Li Guangyao, who has not spoken a word, said.

Hahahaha, Lee Kuan Yew, can you give it to someone who wants one billion? At this time, another group of people stood beside Shura Hall, and these people were also members of Huacheng Wumeng.

Qian Bojun, don't forget that you are from the Wumeng, Feng Zhenghao said.

Li Pingfan injured Tian Zhong, a member of the Wumeng League, and now he is still lying in the hospital. I asked you Feng Zhenghao, can I ask for an explanation.

Things above the ring have already signed a life-and-death agreement, life and death are fate, and Tian Zhong is only injured.

During the time when these people were confronting each other, Li Pingfan was wondering why the people from the Huacheng Wumeng came to make trouble for him. When he heard Tian Zhong, Li Pingfan figured it out instantly. , the strike is not very serious, and it will not be seriously injured, but Qian Bojun said it was a serious injury. I think the Huacheng Wumeng must have noticed his own wind control technique, so they came to trouble him. Li Pingfan also knows how to deal with Huacheng Wumeng. Qian Bojun of the League.

Deacon Qian, you said that Tian Zhong was seriously injured and is still in the hospital. I happen to be a medical student. Can you let me visit Tian Zhong? Maybe I can cure him? Deacon Qian, do you think so? Li Pingfan said calmly.

Hmph, you, a doctor who hasn't graduated yet, how can you cure Tian Zhong's injury, a doctor who doesn't even have a medical qualification certificate, I don't believe you.

Deacon Qian, I can testify on his behalf that Li Pingfan is indeed a doctor, Lee Kuan Yew said.

Lee Kuan Yew, how can you prove it? What proof do you have?

My personality guarantees that Li Pingfan can treat Tian Zhong.

Not only Brother Li guarantees, but I, Wu Zhiguo, also guarantee that Li Pingfan can cure Tian Zhong. If he is not cured, I, Wu Zhiguo, will accompany him with my life.

And I.

And me, Wu Yanxia and Li Mo also said at the same time.

Qian Bojun didn't expect this to be the case, so he was so stubborn that he didn't have a doctor's certificate, and he was a student who hadn't graduated yet. I couldn't let him treat Tian Zhong.

Li Pingfan, this is the grievance between us, even if they can protect you for a while, they can't protect you forever, do you understand?

Li Pingfan sneered, I don't understand very well, do you want to teach me?

Presumptuous, said Deacon Li and attacked Li Pingfan.

Boom, Li Pingfan fought back, but there was a gap in strength between the two, and Li Pingfan staggered back.

Seeing this, Deacon Li punched again, but at this time Wu Zhiguo did strike too.

Boom.

This time Deacon Li took a few steps back.

Wu Zhiguo, do you want to use the big to bully the small?

At this time, Elder Wang, who had been silent at the side, spoke.

You guys are bullying the little ones, are you blind? Wu Zhiguo replied domineeringly.

If he kills someone from my Asura Hall, he will have to pay for his life. This matter is beyond your Wu family's control.

Speaking of Wu Zhiguo and Elder Wang fell into a confrontation.

Afterwards, Deacon Li and another old man in Luosha Temple, who was about fifty years old, also attacked Li Pingfan.

boom.

Li Pingfan was beaten back again and again, and the surrounding audience also vacated space when they saw this, and Feng Zhenghao, who had seen Li Pingfan's loss, also shot to help Li Pingfan at this time, but Feng Zhenghao's strength was only at the peak of the late stage of Xuanjie His strength is indeed vulnerable to these earth-level people.

Li Pingfan, let me see how long you can last, die for me.

Deacon Li struck again.

Boom, Li Pingfan stepped back dozens of steps again, blood spurting from his mouth again.

Just when Deacon Li and the old man in Luosha Temple were about to give Li Pingfan the final blow.

Nalanjie and Qian Bojun shot together to prevent them from killing Li Pingfan.


		