

Chapter 164

fight

Li Pingfan stood on the ring, and the second brother in front of him showed an evil smile.

You can call me Liu Cheng, the second senior brother said in a very flat tone.

Li Pingfan.

I know your name is Li Pingfan, and I have heard about you, so I left the customs early.

Stop talking nonsense, let's make a move.

Hahaha, I can give you time to rest, after all you had a fight before.

It's not necessary at all, it's enough to hit you.

You're arrogant, but I hope you're still like that later.

Haha, don't worry, I've always been like this, young master.

Very good, Liu Cheng pursed his lips and said with a sinister smile.

Boom, Li Pingfan didn't talk nonsense, and just punched out.

Liu Cheng said with a faint smile, the power is too small.

As soon as he pointed out, he blocked Li Pingfan's attack.

Li Pingfan pointed a little above the sky.

In an instant, a huge ice thorn appeared in the sky and stabbed slowly, and then Li Pingfan used the wind control technique and punched out again.

Liu Cheng clasped his hands together and muttered in his mouth. In an instant, several flying swords transformed from aura appeared around his body.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan put away his fist, stepped back a few steps, and then grabbed it with his big hand, and a huge palm appeared on Liu Chengzhou's body, grabbing at him.

Hmph, if that's all you have, then just admit defeat obediently.

It's not sure who wins and who loses. After receiving the move, Li Pingfan pointed out again, and hundreds of light beams transformed from aura appeared in front of him, converging, and after a while, they merged into a lightsaber.

Go, Li Pingfan shouted softly.

The lightsaber quickly attacked Liu Cheng.

At this moment, Liu Cheng was facing three attacks from Li Pingfan.

Liu Cheng smiled lightly.

Break it for me, Liu Cheng yelled, gathering all his aura, instantly shattering all of Li Pingfan's attacks.

Sure enough, it was very strong. This was Li Pingfan's first feeling when he fought against him. It seemed that it would be a fierce battle, Li Pingfan thought to himself.

Li Pingfan, it's up to me next.

Said Liu Cheng raised his hand and punched out.

Li Pingfan used the wind control technique to avoid the blow.

Hmph, Liu Cheng snorted coldly.

Then it was another palm shot.

Li Pingfan appeared around him with a hint of evil aura surrounding him.

Evil cultivator, this is the first time Li Pingfan has seen such aura in this world, with a trace of evil nature.

Li Pingfan yelled loudly, shattering the aura, and then came behind Liu Cheng in an instant, and raised it with a kick.

Haha, small tricks.

Boom, Liu Cheng appeared behind Li Pingfan at this moment, and punched out.

Li Pingfan flew upside down a few meters away.

Li Pingfan looked at the two Liu Cheng in disbelief, how could the avatar technique be possible, how could monks like them use this technique.

After a few breaths, Liu Cheng in front of Li Pingfan disappeared.

So it turns out that the fake magic method, the separated body can only last for a few breaths, and cannot last for a long time, but it also has a surprisingly difficult effect.

Li Pingfan got up and patted the dust off his body and said, come again.

Boom, Liu Cheng blasted out with another blow.

Li Pingfan dodged Liu Cheng's attack and punched him out.

Liu Cheng sneered.

At the same time, he punched out.

At this moment, Li Pingfan punched him sideways.

Boom, because Liu Cheng didn't expect Li Pingfan to have such a quick reaction, he received this punch heavily and was sent flying backwards by Li Pingfan.

Hahahahaha, no one can hurt me since childhood, you are the first.

Just ants.

Hahahahahahahaha, Liu Cheng laughed, ants, I want to see who is the ants.

Boom, Liu Cheng double-fingered as a sword, and swung towards Li Pingfan. Wherever he passed, there was a buzzing sound of wind in the air.

The first sword, cut...

Fuck, the second senior brother has already reached the realm where no sword is better than a sword, it's unbelievable,

Yes, as expected of the second senior brother, he is too powerful, when can I be like him?

Wow, the second senior brother is so handsome, I, I want to marry him.

Let me go, I have never seen the second senior brother make a move before, I did not expect that the second senior brother was really extraordinary in today's battle.

Everyone around the stage said everything, but they were all praising Liu Cheng.

Li Pingfan punched out with one punch.

Bang, the two backed away.

Take my second sword.

cut.

Li Pingfan clasped his hands together, transformed his aura into a shield, and blocked Liu Cheng's second sword.

The third sword, cut.

The surrounding hurricane blew past, making Liu Cheng's third sword more powerful.

Li Pingfan held his breath, and a tripod appeared between Li Pingfan's eyebrows.

Boom, boom. After two loud bangs, Liu Cheng's third sword was also dispelled.

Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah, the fourth sword, cut off.

Boom, the area around the ring seemed to be imprisoned, and Li Pingfan's spellcasting work gradually slowed down.

Ahhh, break it for me, Li Pingfan yelled loudly, the tripod between his eyebrows buzzed, and hit Liu Cheng's fourth sword frantically.

Break it for me, Li Pingfan yelled again, gathering his aura in an instant, and erupting it in an instant.

Boom, Liu Cheng's fourth sword was also broken by Li Pingfan.

Impossible, impossible, no one can break my four swords, it is absolutely impossible.

You, when did you have such a tripod, what exactly is this tripod.

Li Pingfan ignored him and walked slowly towards Liu Cheng.

The cauldron between Li Pingfan's eyebrows is Li Pingfan's previous magic weapon, the Qiankun Ding, but it is not a physical magic weapon, it is just a ray of remnants. This is also Li Pingfan's last hole card. Li Pingfan has never used it for so long. However, one can imagine how tough Liu Cheng is.

You lost, Li Pingfan stepped on Liu Cheng.

I don't accept, I don't accept, fight again, fight again.

At this time, the Fourth Elder hurriedly stepped onto the stage to stop Li Pingfan.

Little friend, stop here.

Li Pingfan walked aside and said, I can go.

No, you can't go, you can't go, I want to fight again, fight again, continue to fight, Liu Cheng said angrily.

Safety, die to me, Process raised his fist and rushed towards Li Pingfan.

Junior brother, let me come, at this time a middle-aged man stopped Liu Cheng and said.

Eldest brother, Liu Cheng passed out on the ground after finishing speaking.

Look quickly, it's the elder brother, and everyone in the audience is jumping for joy.

Eldest brother, you need to find a place for our Qixia Sect, everyone in the audience said one after another.

Afterwards, everyone shouted together, big brother, big brother, big brother.


		