

Chapter 154

fight back

Everyone looked at Li Pingfan on the ground, with blood still dripping from the corner of his mouth, and felt very heartbroken.

Brother Pingfan, hurry up and leave me alone, Hu Yinger shouted.

Li Pingfan, leave me alone, Li Mo shouted.

Li Pingfan, hurry up, Wu Yanxia said.

Brother Fan, brother Fan, you go, Su Haokai and his group shouted.

Everyone shouted for Li Pingfan to leave immediately.

Hahahahahahaha, Li Pingfan, you go, you go, Zhang Shaohuang said.

If you leave, you won't be able to watch the next good show, Lu Feng said.

Li Pingfan got up slowly, showing a wicked smile at Zhang Shaohuang.

Zhang Shaohuang suddenly felt bad.

No, tell them to take them down quickly Zhang Shaohuang said.

Young Master Zhang, you still don't have a long memory.

Take them down quickly.

Haha, Young Master Zhang, it's already too late.

While speaking, three people suddenly appeared beside Li Pingfan.

Ah, it's them. An old man said.

do you know them Another old man said.

They are the children of the semi-hidden family.

Hearing about the semi-hidden family, the expressions of the people around them changed slightly, this was an existence they could not afford to offend.

There are still people who have never heard of the Banyin family, so they asked.

What kind of family is the semi-hidden family.

It is the aristocratic family that is hidden in the world. They have their own inherited exercises, and their strength is much stronger than the warriors in the secular world.

What? There is still such a place. Sure enough, there are people beyond the people, and there is a sky beyond the sky.

Seeing the three children from a semi-hidden family beside Li Pingfan, everyone remained completely motionless.

Young Master Zhang, it's too late for you to regret it now, Li Pingfan said.

In an instant, he shot and grabbed Zhang Shaohuang directly.

At this moment, Lu Feng fled in a hurry.

Senior save me, Zhang Shaohuang yelled.

Li Pingfan, your target is us. Among them, three late-stage peak warriors said.

Then the four of them wrestled together.

Liu Shihuan and the others also helped Li Pingfan block the other four at the same time.

For a while, there were constant booming sounds around.

Damn, you can't use spells here, otherwise, I'll kill him with three hits. Zhang Heng said to himself.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan only used the wind control technique to resist the three people in front of him.

At this moment, two more people came not far away.

Ordinary friend, the old man is here to help you, and Wu Zhiguo is here to help you right now.

With the addition of Wu Zhiguo, Li Pingfan was much more calm in dealing with the few people in front of him.

Grandpa Wu, we need to rescue them first.

Well, I have asked Feng Zhenghao to go and rescue them. With Feng Zhenghao's strength at the early stage, it should be easy to rescue them.

That being the case, then there is no need to worry about the future, let us have a good fight, Li Pingfan said.

Zhang Shao, where to go, Feng Zhenghao came to Zhang Shaohuang and said.

Feng, Feng, Deacon Feng, I, I, I know, I was wrong, please forgive me this time, Zhang Shaohuang said hesitantly.

Let them go first, Feng Zhenghao pointed, and Hu Yinger, Li Mo and others said.

Quick, let people go.

Deacon Feng, thank you for your rescue, everyone thanks Feng Zhenghao.

You don't need to thank me first, thanks to the ordinary little brother.

Brother Pingfan, can he beat these people? Hu Yinger asked anxiously.

Don't worry, Ms. Yinger, is the little brother ordinary capable? They can't do anything to him.

Feng, Feng, Deacon Feng, I, I, can I go, Zhang Shaohuang said hesitantly.

Hey, why does Zhang Fengnian have such a useless grandson like you, Feng Zhenghao said.

Zhang Shaohuang lowered his head and remained silent.

I have informed Zhang Fengnian of this matter, and he will be here soon.

Deacon Feng, please forgive me, grandpa will kill me.

Well, then it's none of my business.

At the time of speaking, Zhang Fengnian had already arrived here.

What came into view was that there were dozens of people fighting. Zhang Fengnian was in business and didn't know much about martial arts.

After seeing Feng Zhenghao, he walked towards Feng Zhenghao.

Deacon Feng, my grandson has caused you trouble.

Mr. Zhang, your grandson is not causing me trouble, but messing with someone who shouldn't be messed with.

Isn't it just Li Pingfan? Zhang Shaohuang is not in a good mood.

Hahahahaha, isn't it just Li Pingfan, hahahaha, Feng Zhenghao laughed.

Deacon Feng, why are you doing this.

Do you know how much Li Pingfan has done for our Binhai? No, do you think your Zhang family will be so prosperous in this period of time?

Didn't he just go to a martial arts conference? Zhang Shaohuang continued.

Enough, Zhang Fengnian, interrupted.

Deacon Feng, I laughed, my grandson is ignorant, I hope you will forgive me.

Mr. Zhang, I can't say that.

Hey, Deacon Feng, can we leave then?

Don't you want to know who fought to the end?

No, no, Zhang Shaohuang quickly waved his hand.

Mr. Zhang, what about you? Feng Zhenghao stared at Zhang Fengnian and said.

It doesn't hurt to look, it doesn't hurt to look. Then everyone stood aside and watched.


		