

Chapter 124

Spiritual Stone

After reading the letter, Li Pingfan took a deep breath. The content of this letter has overturned his cognition, and it also mentioned the catastrophe after a thousand years. From now on, the outside world is peaceful. There are spirits of heaven and earth in the realm, you have to know that not every realm will give birth to spirits of heaven and earth, and there have been spirits of heaven and earth in this realm, it can be said that this starfield was once a fairy starfield?

Because Li Pingfan has never been in contact with the knowledge of immortals, he does not know whether only the fairyland star field can have the birth of the spirit of heaven and earth, because he has never seen the existence of the spirit of heaven and earth in other star fields. In other words, he has not known what the spirit of heaven and earth is for more than two thousand years. In Li Pingfan's cognition, only immortals are supreme. It's unsatisfactory. Li Pingfan never succeeded, and that time on Ziwei Star, Li Pingfan seemed to have touched that realm, but at that moment, Li Pingfan felt that he could smash a star field with a single finger. Li Pingfan doesn't know whether this is the power of the immortal, because it was only a momentary feeling, and then he failed to cross the tribulation, and the next thing was to come to this star field.

The content of this letter completely overturned Li Fanfan's cognition, and the two peerless powerhouses mentioned in the letter, how strong will they be?

It took only five years to exhaust the aura of the heaven and earth in this world. You must know that the aura of heaven and earth can be regenerated, and these two people have only used it for five years. Could it be that they have become immortals?

No, it's impossible. Li Pingfan has experienced that kind of power. If they become immortals, that kind of power can destroy the star field in a single gesture. How could it just consume the spiritual energy of the world?

I can't figure it out, Li Pingfan can't figure out why, why this is the case, what secrets does this world have, and whether my own secrets are related to this world? Li Pingfan asked inwardly.

Li Pingfan thought of the five-color golden-scale python again. If he started practicing thousands of years ago, has this five-color golden-scale python already reached the Nascent Soul Realm? If it has reached the Nascent Soul realm, where is the five-color golden-scale python now? You must know that the lifespan of the Nascent Soul Realm can be as long as 1,500 years, and he is still a strange beast with a longer lifespan. Why didn't it appear in the outside world?

I don't understand, Li Pingfan can't figure it out no matter what he thinks, it may be that his own strength is too weak to touch the higher secrets, but Li Pingfan can conclude that there must be people in this world who are stronger than the outside world's masters. But they are all in seclusion, not born.

Li Pingfan thought about it blankly for nearly an hour before he recovered and looked at the box in his hand. Li Pingfan didn't rush to open it, but just looked around and found nothing useful. Things, Li Pingfan took the box and the letter, and sent a voice transmission to Bai Jinghu.

Let's go.

So one person and four beasts left this place, and after a while, they had already returned to Bai Jinghu's cave.

Li Pingfan took out the box and inspected it. After seeing that there was nothing wrong, he opened the box in his hand.

After opening it, a strong spiritual energy spread over the surface. This is, this is the spiritual source stone. It turned out to be a spiritual source stone. Li Pingfan was shocked because this piece of spiritual source stone was completely different from the one he got before. The aura of the source stone is very pure, and the aura is very lush. Li Pingfan concluded that if he absorbed all the aura of this source stone, Li Pingfan can enter the foundation building period, but Li Pingfan does not want to practice like this, good thing Use it slowly.

Li Pingfan looked at the box containing the spiritual source stone again. This box can actually keep the aura of the spiritual source stone. It seems to be a good thing.

Li Pingfan touched the two white crystal tiger cubs, and felt that the two cubs had the same aura fluctuations as his own. Li Pingfan looked at the male white crystal tiger.

Gong Baijinghu seemed to know that Li Pingfan was looking at him, so he exchanged a glance with Li Pingfan, and then looked at himself, and seemed to have discovered the problem.

Because Bai Jinghu can feel the aura of heaven and earth, they will also absorb the aura of heaven and earth to practice, and the male Bai Jinghu has practiced for a long time, so he has the current strength, and the two cubs of Baijinghu just because they just They were not born yet and haven't felt the aura of heaven and earth, so they can't cultivate now, but now they have the same aura fluctuations as Li Pingfan, which means they can already practice. Surprised and delighted, I think it should be that Li Pingfan has been practicing all day these days, and they have been around Li Pingfan's body, so they are also contaminated with spiritual energy.

The female Bai Jinghu seemed to have noticed the difference between her two cubs, she glanced at the male Bai Jinghu, and the two tigers kept barking, as if they were talking.

Li Pingfan touched the two white crystal tiger cubs again, and then continued to enter the state of cultivation.

This time Li Pingfan clearly felt that he was not practicing alone, but one person and two beasts, and the two white crystal tigers beside him were also absorbing the aura of heaven and earth.

Li Pingfan smiled helplessly and continued to practice.


		