

Chapter 166

Liu Wuxin

More than ten minutes passed, the sky was still dark, and the thunder was still rumbling, without the slightest intention of attacking.

Zhou Wu looked at Li Pingfan and said, playing tricks.

Today next year will be your death day, you can die.

Zhou Wu gathered all of his own aura on his fist, bang, and swung out with one punch.

Hmph, Li Pingfan said with a sneer, the first strike of the Five Thunders, a lightning strike.

Li Pingfan touched it casually, and the sky was like a thunderbolt, restless, and a thunderbolt fell down in an instant.

Boom, Zhou Wu's fist directly hit the falling lightning.

Zhou Wu was instantly pushed back several meters away.

Zhou Wu checked that he was not injured, and taunted that this was nothing more than mediocre.

Speaking of Zhou Wu, he once again gathered the spiritual energy in his body to attack Li Pingfan.

Second hit.

Boom, above the sky, another lightning strike struck Zhou Wu.

Boom, this time Zhou Wu stepped back dozens of steps.

Come again, Zhou Wu shouted.

Boom, the third strike.

With another blow, Zhou Wu flew backwards several meters away.

I refused to accept, Zhou Wu shouted again.

Boom, the fourth blow.

Zhou Wu was still defeated, but this time, the corners of Zhou Wu's mouth overflowed with blood donation.

I don't believe it, you can attack a few more times, so die to me. Zhou Wu raised his own strength to the extreme, and punched Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan said lightly.

It's time to end, the fifth strike, Lei Mi.

The thunder in the sky kept gathering, and the thunder was deafening. All the people in the audience started their exercises and covered their ears one after another. Even the elders hurriedly covered their bodies.

And Chen Ye looked at Li Pingfan like a normal person.

How could it be possible, how could he use such a powerful technique, such a powerful technique, I am afraid that the monks of the ground mirror could barely resist it.

Not good, Chen Ye looked at his disciple Zhou Wu and said.

Without saying a word, Chen Ye appeared on the ring in an instant, stopped Zhou Wu, and then gathered his spiritual energy to strike the thunder and lightning in the sky.

Boom, bang, bang, brush, all kinds of sounds are mixed in the ear.

In just a few breaths, the sky returned to its original state, and at this time Li Pingfan also collapsed weakly on the ground.

At this moment, Zhou Wu was standing there in a daze. Thinking back to the blow just now, Zhou Wu's back felt cold. He couldn't believe that this was a technique performed by a person who was only twenty years old. , horror, can only be described in two words, horror, and now he can't think of how to describe the power of Li Pingfan's last blow. He still can't believe it, and he can't recover for a long time. For the second time, he still stood there in a daze.

It seems to be whispering in his mouth, this is impossible, this is impossible, it is really not real, it must be a dream.

Zhou Wu slapped himself hard, it hurt so much, it wasn't a dream.

Zhou Wu recalled Li Pingfan's last blow again. If the sect master hadn't blocked the blow for him, he would probably be left with a pile of bones, no, even the bones would be smashed to pieces.

Zhou Wu stared blankly at Chen Ye, and couldn't say a word for a while. He knew that he had lost this battle. If it wasn't for Chen Ye, he would definitely die. Thinking about it, Zhou Wu used his grateful eyes again. Looking at Chen Ye.

On the other hand, Li Pingfan was still limp on the ground, but Liu Shihuan and Wang Zekun came to take care of Li Pingfan.

Li Pingfan wanted to speak very much, but he didn't even have the strength to speak now. This time was the craziest time for him. I know that a person in the qi training period uses the technique of the foundation building period, but what price does he have to pay? His own aura cannot support the performance of the five strikes of lightning, but Li Pingfan did it. This is Li Pingfan's first time. Such a terrible consumption.

Li Pingfan's eyes were almost unable to hold on anymore, and they were about to close indistinctly.

Brother Li, don't sleep, Brother Li.

Brother Li, wake up, wake up.

Li Pingfan seemed to hear a man and a woman calling him. He really wanted to thank the other party, but now he couldn't say anything.

Sect master, I, Zhou Wu said to Chen Ye.

Zhou Wu, presumably after this battle, you will definitely be greatly improved.

No, sect master, do we want it? Zhou Wu made a murderous gesture.

Chen Ye wanted to shake his head, but the elders behind him rushed to speak.

You live with me, this person has already become an enemy with my Qixia Sect, if he doesn't get rid of it this time, there will be endless troubles, and everyone has joined in.

Yes, yes, sect master, his potential is astonishing. If he doesn't get rid of this time, he will definitely be the enemy of our Qixia sect. When he grows up in the future, our Qixia sect will be destroyed, sect master.

Chen Ye's head was buzzing when he heard the rush of words.

Well, since that's the case, let's cut it off, Chen Ye said coldly.

At this time, Li Pingfan couldn't hear their conversation.

But Liu Shihuan and Wang Zekun heard very clearly that they wanted to kill Li Pingfan, how could they agree to that.

You... you... Liu Shihuan said.

Are you not afraid of the agreement between our three families?

Agreed, hahahahaha, at the moment you are in Qixia Gate, even if you are dead, we will say, you and Li Pingfan went out, met and arrested someone by chance, and finally the three of you died at the same time.

As for arresting people, we said that we would kill them when we arrived, but it was too late to save you.

mean.

Hahahahaha, thank you for the compliment.

go to hell.

The Fourth Elder shot directly, attacking Liu Shihuan and Wang Zekun.

Hahahahaha, the majestic Qixia Clan is actually doing the trick of bullying the small.

At this time, an old woman appeared in front of Liu Shihuan in an instant, easily breaking the attack of the fourth elder.

Pavilion Master, Liu Shihuan shouted in surprise.

Wuxin Pavilion, Pavilion Master, Liu Wuxin.

Pavilion Master Liu, please stay safe, Chen Ye said.

Clan Master Chen, he didn't expect the majestic Qixia Sect to sit down and wait for such a mess.

Hahahahahaha, Pavilion Master Liu, this person has a lot of grievances with my Qixia Clan, I hope Pavilion Master Liu will consider it carefully.

Hahaha, Master Chen, don't worry about it, I have to take this person away today.

Hmph, Chen Ye said with a cold snort, do you think you can lead him away from Qixia Gate by yourself?

Of course not on my own.

Brother Wang, it's time for you to show up, Liu Wuxin said.

At this time, a young man appeared from the door and walked slowly.


		