

Chapter Seventy-Five

Sanyaomen Sujia

OK, I'll go back with you.

Hao Kai, Huang Mao shouted.

Brother Fan, Huangmao, haha, I should go, Su Haokai smiled honestly.

Li Pingfan patted Su Haokai on the shoulder and asked, do you want to go back?

Brother Fan, I...

Don't think so much, do what you want, as long as you don't want to go back, I will help you.

Brother Fan, you don't know the means of the Su family, I'm afraid...

Don't worry, they can't do anything to me.

What about Huangmao and Four Eyes, and Yinger's sister-in-law, what about them, Su Haokai said.

These Li Pingfan did not expect, indeed, there is no problem with self-protection, but what about the friends around him? I can't stay by their side all the time.

Then I can only accompany you for a trip, Li Pingfan said.

What, Brother Fan, are you going too?

Let me walk with you and help you, after all... Li Pingfan didn't say much.

In fact, Li Pingfan wants to say, you are my first true friend, but Li Pingfan has no concept of friends. He has spent the past two thousand years alone, and he has no friends around him.

He can go back with you, but I will be with him. Li Pingfan said.

Hahahahahahaha, I laughed so hard, this is the first time someone asked to go to Su's house, hahaha, I think you are too arrogant, Lu Feng said with a big smile.

There is nothing wrong with Lu Feng's words. It is true that no one has voluntarily asked to go to the Su's house since a hundred years ago, because if one is not careful in the Su's house, they may die, so there are very few outsiders entering the Su's house.

Are you sure you want to be together? This is Su Haoxuan's question.

Yes.

OK, come with me.

Li Fanfan, Su Haokai and Su Haoxuan went to Su's house.

Soon the three of them had arrived at the door of Su's house.

It can be seen from the outside that the Su family is cold, because there are either two lions or nothing in front of the other doors, and there are indeed two stone cobras at the door of the Su family, and there are two real cobras hovering around the stone statues above.

When Li Pingfan walked in, two cobras opened their mouths and made harsh sounds. Li Pingfan just stared at it, and the two cobras had already calmed down.

Su Haoxuan next to him was a little surprised, wondering what the situation was, how could the two cobras who guarded the house be so quiet today.

But without thinking too much, he brought Li Fanfan and Su Haokai into Su's house.

From the road after entering the Su's house, there were all kinds of poisons on the side of the road until they reached the inner courtyard of the Su's house.

There is a big difference between the inner courtyard and the outer courtyard, and the decoration of the inner courtyard is also very gorgeous, but the color is too gloomy, especially a coiled big snake in the inner courtyard, which is promising and dazzling.

Master, I'm back.

Did anyone bring it back?

brought back.

All right, call them all over here.

After a while, all the members of the Su family had arrived in the inner courtyard, even Su Haokai's parents had also arrived.

Su Haokai, you have been away for more than half a year, it's time to come back and share the burden for the family.

I...Su Haokai wanted to say no, but he couldn't.

Li Pingfan came over and patted Su Haokai's shoulder.

I don't, Su Haokai mustered up the courage to say this sentence.

Who is this?

Patriarch, this is my friend Li Pingfan.

Since he is your friend, please invite him to sit down.

No, standing is fine.

Su Haokai, why don't you?

Patriarch, I...I...I'm afraid of death.

Hahaha, afraid of death, as a member of the Su family, how can you be afraid of death, such a sacred mission, how can you retreat?

Holy, how can it be holy to let people die.

Presumptuous, Su Haokai, who are you talking to? The one in front of you is the Patriarch, said a man who covered his face with a mask.

Haha, third uncle, have you forgotten how you got your face done?

Although my face has become like this, it is glorious and I am proud.

Proud, do you dare to go out and meet people now?

I...

Alright, Su Haokai, watch your words.

Yes, master.

Don't leave when you come back this time, you are part of the Su family no matter what.

No, I won't, I will leave, this damn Su family is a hell, I must not stay here for a second.

Then it's up to you, Su Haoxuan said.

Xuan'er, don't be unreasonable, he is your brother.

Yes, master.

You can leave if you want, but your friend will not be able to.

Oh, is that so, Li Pingfan said.

Yes, your life is in his hands.

Hey, I really want to laugh.

why are you laughing?

Laughing at your ignorance, laughing at your arrogance, do you really think that the Su family's poison is unsolvable?

Oh? It seems that you are still here. The head of the Su family said.

It's not like it's coming, but it's just a small poison, and I can still deal with it.

OK, so how about we make a bet?

If you win, you can take Su Haokai away. If you lose, neither of you can escape.

It's absolutely fine, how to gamble, you decide, Li Pingfan said.

Arrogance, I'll see how crazy you are after a while, Su Haoxuan said.

My Su family has newly developed three poisons, and there is no antidote yet. If you can crack it, then you can leave.

Can.

With that said, Su Haoxuan brought three medicine bottles.

Li Pingfan ate one of the bottles, and his whole body turned black instantly, then turned red again, and turned blue again after a while.

Li Pingfan, the one you ate is called pansy. After eating it, the body will show three colors, and it will turn into pus and blood and die after an hour.

Brother Fan, Su Haokai yelled worriedly.

Li Pingfan unhurriedly took out the silver needle and stuck it on his finger, after which a few drops of black blood fell from his finger to the ground.

Pansy, solution.


		