

Chapter 76

leave

Everyone in the Su family was taken aback, and even the Patriarch who was sitting showed a look of surprise, but quickly restrained himself.

It's interesting, the Patriarch of the Su family said silently in his heart.

You are lucky this time, kid, there are two more poisons, you can choose.

Li Pingfan took a bottle casually.

Haha, boy, this bottle is called Broken Bone Powder, after eating it all the bones in your body will be broken, and you will be a puddle of meat at that time, Su Haoxuan laughed out loud as he said haha.

Li Pingfan ate the broken bone powder.

As soon as Li Pingfan took it, the effect of the medicine had already begun. Li Pingfan fell to his knees in an instant, trying to stand up, but he couldn't use the strength.

Haha, boy, you still want to live after eating this broken bone powder, daydreaming.

Seeing this, Li Pingfan couldn't get up, so he could only sit cross-legged, and then began to practice exercises.

However, when Li Pingfan used the exercises, the speed at which his own bones shattered was also significantly accelerated. Li Pingfan was also very puzzled about what happened.

After a few breaths, Li Pingfan suddenly thought of a body training method. The body training method refers to reshaping the bones after being broken, so as to achieve the effect of reborn, and it can also make his physical body better. tempering.

Li Pingfan used the exercises, and this time Li Pingfan clearly felt that the bones in his body that had been broken before had been reshaped.

Afterwards, Li Pingfan scattered the rest of the plastic bone and ate it all.

All the Su family watched this operation with their eyes dumbfounded, wondering what is wrong with this child, why did he finish the poison, he doesn't know if he eats too much, will he die faster? This is also the doubt of everyone in the Su family.

What they didn't know was that Li Pingfan wanted to use this poison to complete a transformation.

If this transformation is successful, then if he is still training on the second level of Qi, Liu Hao before the confrontation will definitely not be as embarrassed as he was then.

Li Pingfan used his exercises to mobilize the aura of heaven and earth, and combine with himself, so as to baptize his newly reshaped bones, so that his bones can be mixed with a trace of aura.

So that you can really achieve a near-perfect physique.

As time went by little by little, Li Pingfan's bones were almost remodeled.

The surrounding Su family were all taken aback, thinking that there was something wrong with their poison, but none of them dared to try to take it.

It couldn't have been this long, he should have been turned into a pulp long ago, how could it be possible for Su Haoxuan to try to take the poison while sitting here while talking.

Xuan'er stopped, the head of the Su family said.

Father, I don't believe it, I don't believe there is something wrong with the broken bone powder I developed, I want to try it myself.

presumptuous.

Su Haoxuan's frightened hands did not dare to touch the Broken Bone Powder again.

After a while, Li Pingfan has completed the bone plastic surgery, and Li Pingfan has gained a lot from this bone plastic surgery. Not only is there a trace of spiritual energy in the reshaped bone, but this time the bone has been completely sublimated. They all feel that they can face-to-face with people in the early stage of the earth without falling into a disadvantage.

Li Pingfan stood up again, is this medicine still available, I can take more, it is delicious.

As soon as this remark came out, everyone in the Su family was a little annoyed, what kind of thing, poison, you still said it was delicious, but you really thought it was jelly beans.

However, Su Haokai's family is very happy. After all, as long as Li Pingfan wins, his son can escape from the clutches of the Su family.

Li Pingfan, don't get complacent too early, there is one last dose of poison, Su Haoxuan said viciously.

The last poison is the well-known Hedinghong, but I have slightly improved it, Su Haoxuan explained the last poison.

Li Pingfan ate it again.

Boom, after Li Pingfan drank it, he fell to the ground in a short time.

Haha, I'll see how you detoxify this time, Su Haoxuan said proudly again.

No, Brother Fan, no, Brother Fan, wake up, Brother Fan, Su Haokai, ran to Li Pingfan and shouted.

At this time, Li Pingfan was indeed like a wanderer in the void, and there was someone talking to him in his dream.

you are dead.

No, I didn't, Li Pingfan said.

You are dead, you still don't admit it, this is heaven, so you are dead.

Haha, death, how could I die, and the heaven you mentioned, I have never seen it, but I have seen and experienced your so-called death, so this is not heaven, nor hell, here It's me in my dream, it's my home field, who are you?

Who am I, haha, I am you.

You are not me, you are just my nightmare, get out, go back where you came from, Li Pingfan waved his hand.

In the blink of an eye again, Li Pingfan's environment changed again.

The surroundings were pitch black, and I couldn't see my fingers, only the sound of my own breathing could be heard.

You can't ask me.

Yes, get out, waved again.

Li Pingfan came to a new environment again, this time the surrounding birds were singing and the flowers were fragrant, and even the aura of heaven and earth here was stronger than that of the outside world, almost as rich as the aura of heaven and earth on Ziwei Star.

Isn't this place what you want? Stay here, the aura from the outside world is less than one-tenth of what is here, how can you become stronger, how can you protect your friends, stay, and it would be better to go out when your strength can surpass the world .

Li Pingfan was a little obsessed with it, the spiritual energy here was so strong that it would easily make practitioners lose their minds.

By the way, that's it, go greedily absorb it.

Boom, Li Pingfan scattered the surrounding environment with one punch.

You, you, impossible, how could you not be lost.

Do you really think that this little illusion can trap me? Dream less.

Said that Li Pingfan returned to the real world.

Li Pingfan also knew that the improved Hedinghong he said had been added to it, which could cause people to hallucinate and die under the poison of Hedinghong.

When Li Pingfan returned to the real world, he quickly used the exercises, took out the silver needles and began to treat himself.

Su Haokai beside him, seeing Li Fanfan woke up again, was very excited, and almost went forward to hug Li Fanfan, but when he saw Li Fanfan take out the silver needle for treatment, he withdrew his hand.

After a while, Li Pingfan pulled out the silver needle inserted into himself, and spit out a puddle of dirty blood. This poison is cured, Li Pingfan said.

Everyone in the Su family was stunned. What kind of situation is this? Three unsolvable poisons were actually deciphered one by one by an eighteen or nineteen-year-old kid.

Su Haoxuan was the more surprised of course, because all these poisons were developed by himself, and an unknown person actually deciphered his own poisons one by one. How could he be convinced, so he was not only surprised on the surface, but also resentment.

In everyone's astonishment, Li Pingfan said.

We can leave now.


		