

The cave is deep and the stream is gurgling.

Tao Fengnian paddled a bamboo raft upstream, while Jiang Yuebai held a lamp to light the way ahead.

The wind was biting, and the cold was pressing.

Ah Choo!

There were bursts of echoes, startling the bats flying from the top of the cave.

Jiang Yuebai dodged the bats rushing around, rubbed his nose and asked, "Grandpa, it's late at night, where are we going?"

Tao Fengnian looked at the bright light in front of the cave, and said slowly, "I accidentally discovered the waterway in the back mountain of Huaxi Valley, passing through it is Shilipo on the south side of Yinfengjian, where the sect punishes erring disciples."

"In half a month, you have introduced Geng Jin Kung Fu, learned the art of sharpness, and your star-chasing steps and chopping knife skills have begun to take shape. Grandpa is very surprised and very pleasantly surprised."

Jiang Yuebai squinted her eyes and smirked, sneaking a look at her cultivation panel.

【Name】Jiang Yuebai

[Spiritual roots] Five elements of spiritual roots (gold 9, wood 9, water 9, fire 9, earth 9)

[Boundary] One layer of Qi training

【Gongfa】

Gengjin Gong (1st floor: 9/100)

【Spell】

Edge Art (one layer: 3/100)

【martial arts】

Star Chase Step (Entry: 15/100)

Hatchet Knife Method (Beginner: 15/100)

Three days ago, she successfully broke through to the first level of the exercise, which was slower than expected, because her Qi flow was still jerky and she needed to practice more.

I have practiced the Sharpness Jue for three days, and I only learned it today. Only three out of ten times have I successfully stimulated the sharpness of Gengjin's hair.

Footwork and martial arts progress smoothly, and after a long period of time, you can go from beginner to small success, and then to great success.

Tao Fengnian supported the bamboo pole to speed up the bamboo raft, and continued: "We will start the actual battle tonight."

"Actual combat?" Jiang Yuebai opened her eyes wide with apprehension.

She thought that after she learned the Edge Art, she could go to the fields to help with the work, and isn't the Edge Art a method for killing insects?

Tao Fengnian glanced at her and asked with a smile, "Are you scared?"

Jiang Yuebai nervously pinched the hem of his clothes and trembled a little. He was afraid that he must be scared. The Yinfengjian Shilipo sounds like a haunted mass grave.

But besides being afraid, she trembled because of excitement.

"I told you that if you want to fight, you must save your life first. That's why I first teach you the powerful Jinxing Gongfa and Edge Jue, as well as footwork and martial arts. The one-month deadline is up, and you have to go to various places in the sect." Walk around, go to the lecture hall to listen to lectures, and contact people.”

Jiang Yuebai nodded. She had worried about this before, but she didn't expect that her grandfather had already made plans for her.

"Grandpa, you are so kind, as good as my parents."

Tao Fengnian was twitching in his heart, when he saw the water flow, he suddenly remembered, "You said earlier that when you activated the Edge of Light Art, your fingers always felt stagnant. You can practice by submerging your hands in the water in the future."

Jiang Yuebai tilted her head, eyes full of curiosity.

"Feng Mang Jue is the most finger-pointing Jue in Master Ling Geng's Five Ways Jue, and it is also the most difficult one. If you learn Feng Mang Jue well, it will be much easier to learn other Jue Jue."

"The trick of Feng Mang Jue is to stir the aura with fingers, divide it, and then condense and strengthen it. The aura is illusory, and it is difficult for you to find the feeling of stirring, and you can't grasp the rhythm and rhythm of it. Water flow can replace the aura, just give it a try."

Hearing this, Jiang Yuebai hurriedly put down the lantern and knelt down on the bamboo raft, sinking her hands into the water and stirring them.

The icy cold stream made Jiang Yuebai shiver. She slowly stirred her fingers, and the water flowed through her fingers, making her movements slow, but it eliminated the previous stagnation and became slippery and smooth.

The water flow prevented the fingers from moving, and the fingers resisted the resistance of the water flow. Under such an interaction, Jiang Yuebai slowly began to understand what rhythm and rhythm Tao Fengnian was talking about.

[You have to be taught by someone, discover the trick of fingering, a burst of inspiration, the proficiency of sharpness +1]

Unknowingly, Jiang Yuebai was addicted to it, her hands were always soaked in the water, and golden lights burst out from her fingertips from time to time.

"Okay, cold stream water is not good for your health. After you go back, practice in a water tank. Still water is better than running water. Here we are."

Jiang Yuebai stretched out her hand with unrestrained enthusiasm, her ten little fingers were red from the cold, and she hurriedly rubbed her hands together.

The bamboo raft drove out of the cave and stopped on the shore.

The moonlight is hazy, and the hillside of Shili is overgrown with weeds and dead trees, and old crows are singing on the trees, which is creepy.

A few mice flew past, their bones exposed, and there was still a light like a will-o'-the-wisp floating in the distance, looming.

Jiang Yuebai grabbed Tao Fengnian's sleeve. When she was a child, she was not good. She was scared by her mother with ghost stories, so she was more afraid of ghosts than the wolves, tigers and leopards on Jiuchong Mountain.

Tao Fengnian took the sleeve away from Jiang Yuebai's hand and handed her a hatchet.

"This hatchet is an unqualified magic weapon that I refined by myself in the early years. In addition to being sharper and restraining evil spirits, it can also store the seventh-gold edge in the sharpness formula to cut out a powerful knife."

"Thirty-three edge tricks can be used against the early stage of Qi training, sixty-six can be used against the middle stage of Qi training, and ninety-nine can be used to hurt even the late stage of Qi training."

"However, the Seventh Gold Edge can only be used once when it is stored in it. When not in use, the Seventh Gold Edge will continue to dissipate over time, up to seven days. You will practice the Edge Jue on this knife in the future, make the best use of it, and keep it for self-defense. "

Jiang Yuebai took the hatchet, sinking his hand, it was sharp.

The blade is all black and covered with old traces, and the rune grooves can be seen, waiting for her to inject Gengjin's edge.

Tao Fengnian took her to part the withered grass, and walked up the hillside. In the distance, there were lone peaks and jagged rocks, and the middle seemed to be split by a giant blade, leaving a long and narrow mountain stream.

The dark wind howled in it, like a hundred ghosts crying and howling, whining endlessly.

Jiang Yuebai clenched the hatchet and took two quick steps, following closely behind Tao Fengnian.

Not long after, Tao Fengnian paused, "The one in front is the ghost lamp."

Jiang Yuebai tilted her body and poked out half of her head from behind Tao Fengnian, and saw a lantern-shaped green phosphorus fire floating under the dead tree in front of her, flickering like breathing.

"Yinfengjian used to be the battleground between Cang and Yun, and nearly a million bones were buried. Later, the Tianyan Sect expanded. In order to prevent bloody corpses and ghosts from growing here, they used the method of moving mountains to suppress two isolated peaks, leaving only one Yinfeng. The stream is reserved for practice."

"Ghost lamps are weak little ghosts born of yin qi and bone fire. They have no intelligence. They like to bump into living people. If they are hit, they will be entangled in yin qi and sick for a few days."

Hearing this, Jiang Yuebai walked out from behind Tao Fengnian, looking curiously at the ghost lanterns under the tree.

Her gaze gradually drifted away, and she found that there were more ghost lights deep in the hillside, layer upon layer, forming a vast green ocean.

"There are so many ghost lights, why no one cares about them?"

Isn't it a joke that ghosts and ghosts are rampant in the land of the fairy family?

"The ghost lamp is weak and weak, but it is sensitive and hard to catch, especially when the monks with high cultivation bases feel that they will escape faster, and after they are killed, they will reappear in a few days, so the sect will wait three to five years. Clean it up completely."

After saying that, Tao Fengnian quietly approached, his hands moved quickly, and the sharpness art was aroused in just one breath.

A short golden light shoots out, and the ghost lamp dissipates with a puff.

At this moment, another ghost lamp rushed out from the bushes beside the two of them, approaching Jiang Yuebai.

Seeing this, Tao Fengnian didn't make a move, Jiang Yuebai's eyes were wide open and he stepped back step by step. The dark green light illuminated his face, and then he thought of running the star chasing step to give way to the side, and then swung his knife to chop it down.

The hatchet breaks the ghost lamp, and the phosphorescence disperses like the wind.

[You use the star-chasing step to avoid the ghost lamp, and you almost fell down in embarrassment, but you successfully evade, the proficiency of the star-chasing step +1]

[You used the chopping knife method to deal with the ghost lamp, the knife technique is unsightly, and you succeeded in beheading by mistake, the proficiency of the woodchopping knife technique +1]

The ghost lamp was extinguished, and before Jiang Yuebai had time to check the notification panel, she saw green lanterns floating up from the ground, surrounding her in an instant.

Phosphorescence undulates, green waves ripple.

Beauty is beauty, and danger is danger!

Jiang Yuebai swallowed her saliva, stood where she was, not daring to move, stared stiffly at Tao Fengnian in the distance, saw his eyes drooping, took out the cigarette rod unhurriedly, lit it, and started to smoke it.

Dozens of ghost lamps were attracted by the breath of life on her body, and they rioted for a moment, flashing and rushing wildly.

Jiang Yue rolled her eyes, ran the star chasing step, and swung the hatchet.

His footwork was jerky and his saber technique was clumsy. He cut a ghost lamp in front of him and was hit by three ghost lamps on his back.

The phosphorescent light exploded, and the cold and biting air crashed into his body. Jiang Yuebai shuddered, the hatchet slashed sideways, and the ghost lamp hit his right arm again.

The feeling of blood freezing hit, his right arm was stiff and hard to move, Jiang Yuebai dodged left and right to hide in the tight siege, and the ghost lamp pressed on every step, becoming more and more rampant.

Tao Fengnian still had no intention of making a move, Jiang Yuebai's eyes turned hard, the more dangerous her mortal experience made her, the calmer she became.

Seeing a group of ghost lights rushing toward her face, she dodged behind the dead tree, circled around, and attacked from the side.

The hatchet swept across, the phosphorescence filled the sky, and the group of ghost lights turned around. She chased the stars, circled the tree again, and attacked from behind.

Leaning against a dead tree, Jiang Yuebai was not flustered, calm and calm, her star-chasing steps and chopping knife skills complemented each other, advancing and retreating in an orderly manner, and dozens of ghost lights were gradually extinguished by her.

Tao Fengnian nodded slowly, looking at Jiang Yuebai with brighter eyes.

The last ghost lamp was cut off, and Jiang Yuebai's whole body loosened, afraid of an attack.

She leaned against the tree, her body was cold and panting, she just stood up and wanted to speak, when she saw more ghost lights coming out of the ground.

It's clear that taking advantage of her illness, she will kill her!

Jiang Yuebai's small face immediately collapsed, her mouth was flattened and she was about to cry.

"grandfather……"

"Ha ha."

Tao Fengnian laughed loudly, took a sharp puff with the tobacco rod, and exhaled white smoke.

The white smoke drifted away, the ghost lamp was frightened, and disappeared like lightning, Jiang Yuebai sat leaning against the dead tree, puffing up.

"The lantern monster who bullies the weak and fears the tough! Come again if you have the ability!"

Tao Fengnian came over and squatted down, pressing his palms on Jiang Yuebai's shoulders, and the warm fire spirit was injected into her body, dispelling the coldness of the ghost lamp.

"Grandpa, am I useless?"

"Don't underestimate yourself. You are already very powerful. I will accompany you today. From now on, you will come here by yourself every few days. In addition to footwork and martial arts, you will also try to use edge tactics to deal with ghost lamps."

"Remember, I'm afraid it's because of your lack of strength that you feel that ghost lamps are invincible. Once you win, you will find that these ghost lamps are nothing to fear."

Jiang Yuebai nodded sullenly, she didn't think it was too scary, she just wanted to run away if she couldn't beat her, she just didn't want to disappoint her grandpa.

Tao Fengnian pulled Jiang Yuebai up from the ground, "Let's go, go deeper."

Jiang Yuebai followed behind Tao Fengnian. She didn't care about it when she was fighting just now, and a lot of prompts for increasing proficiency flashed on the immortal cultivation panel. Looking at it now, Jiang Yuebai was full of surprises.

【martial arts】

Star Chase Step (Entry: 26/100)

Hatchet Knife Method (Beginner: 32/100)

Before, her proficiency was only 15, and she usually only gained 1 point of proficiency after completing a complete set of exercises, which was time-consuming and labor-intensive.

It's just a battle now, grow so much!

She was right when she thought about it carefully. When she practiced, she only had fixed moves and routines, and she couldn't find the right way.

In battle, only under the pressure of crisis can the fixed moves be turned into effective attacks and used flexibly.

Even if it doesn't increase proficiency by 1 point by killing a ghost lamp, in constant use and actual combat, the proficiency improvement will definitely be faster than practicing hard alone.

Thinking of this, Jiang Yuebai's palms gradually became hot.

Looking at the ghost lanterns all over the mountains and plains now, there are still some bullying lantern monsters, all of them are cute little ones who help her improve her spell and martial skills!


		