

The woman in black and the man with the scarred face obviously didn't pay attention to Jiang Yuebai, a little girl who practiced Qi at the third level. They didn't know that her spells were so fast and ruthless, and she crippled the wolf's eye with one move.

The scar-faced man's eyes were about to burst, and he glared at Jiang Yuebai resentfully, wishing he could tear her into pieces.

This moment of distraction, Tao Fengnian withdrew his sickle, and the eighth-grade talisman flew out.

The yellow sand sinks into the ground, and the lock sickle gallops.

The scar-faced man fell over, the black-clothed woman jumped up, the quicksand engulfed one's feet, and the trees cut off under one's feet.

Tao Fengnian is one against two, always growing stronger.

Aww——

The demon wolf exploded in anger and killed Jiang Yuebai.

The golden light array appeared, the wolf's sharp claws wiped out flying sparks, and Jiang Yuebai retreated in horror and drew out the hatchet.

"return!"

The scar-faced man shouted loudly, and the demon wolf bared its teeth in deterrence, and turned around to help.

The sound of the chain, the magic burst, Tao Fengnian was rushed to the front by the demon wolf, dodging left and right, the scythe flew up and down, with silver light.

The pressure on the woman in black weakened, and she immediately threw the thorn seeds, and the vines gave birth to dancing, wrapping around the scar-faced man's arm and pulling him out of the quicksand.

"You deal with the old ones, leave the young ones to me!"

The scar-faced man wielded a big knife with great momentum, one man and one wolf, besieging and killing Tao Fengnian.

Jiang Yuebai couldn't hide her anxiety, suddenly encountered such a life-and-death crisis, she didn't know how to help Tao Fengnian.

bang bang bang!

Several vines came out from the ground, frantically beating the golden light barrier, and the violent vibration made Jiang Yuebai's spiritual energy restless and flustered.

Well!

With a muffled groan, Jiang Yuebai saw Tao Fengnian kneeling on one knee, the sickle trying to hold the scar-faced man's machete, and the machete cut into his shoulder, bleeding profusely.

Tao Fengnian rolled to the ground in embarrassment as the demon wolf circled around and slaughtered him.

"Hmph, let's see how long your turtle shell can last. When I break the barrier, I will definitely dig out the eyes and heart of your little thing, peel your skin and feed it to the wolves!"

The woman in black snarled, and the vines rioted, wrapping around the golden light array and tightening them tightly.

The formation could not be squeezed, the barrier shook, and the golden light was about to collapse.

The situation was critical, Jiang Yuebai raised his head and looked around, like a turtle in a urn, there was no way to retreat.

She bit her lip tightly, and the five-element cyclone in her dantian was running at full speed, forcing herself to calm down and plan a countermeasure.

The other party has seven levels of qi training, and she is no match for head-to-head.

But she is not helpless!

There are ninety-nine sharp edges in the hatchet given by my grandfather, which can be used to cut through the later stage of Qi training.

After the Ice Beetle King sacrifice is completed, it can be activated once with all its strength.

And her wood chopping skills...

【Chopping knife method (Small success: 997/1000)】

There is still a chance, as long as you plan properly!

With a firm mind, Jiang Yuebai stopped panicking, picked up his storage bag, and quickly took out a few talismans to activate.

The ninth-grade Gale Talisman, which increases the speed of movement, was slapped on the leg, the ninth-grade Vajra Talisman, which can passively activate three times to increase defense, was slapped on the chest, and the ninth-grade Thousand Jun Talisman, which blesses the power of a thousand ton, was slapped on the right arm.

With a hatchet in his right hand and a glass bottle in his left, Jiang Yuebai's eyes were solemn, and he swung the knife to attack!

The silver light suddenly rose, tearing a hole in the vine, and Jiang Yuebai rushed out at a speed three times faster than usual. She was uncontrollable for a while, staring in horror, and ran straight into the vine that had been pulled down in front of her.

Snapped!

Jiang Yuebai was knocked down to the ground, a golden light flashed on her body, offsetting most of the damage, but her back was still bruised, and her face was pale from the pain.

"Go back, girl!"

Tao Fengnian was so anxious that he was thrown to the ground by the demon wolf when he didn't notice.

Slashing with the big knife, Tao Fengnian exploded the thunderballs at close range, forcing the wolf and the scarfaced man back. Most of his body was scorched black and bleeding profusely.

Seeing this situation, the woman in black narrowed her eyes.

"Old man, just wait and see, how can I kill your little granddaughter little by little."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were red, she gritted her teeth and shouted, "Grandpa, I'm not trash!"

Tao Fengnian trembled all over, the situation is critical now, he is close to death, if he dies, it will be hard for her to live, in that case, trust her.

Tao Fengnian quickly swallowed a healing elixir. He has practiced for almost forty years. Although he failed to build the foundation twice, his cultivation is not comparable to that of ordinary qi training.

One person, one wolf, why not be afraid!

The wolf roared and the sword was fierce. Tao Fengnian stopped paying attention to Jiang Yuebai with his back turned, and attacked and killed with a sickle, and the war resumed.

"I want to see if you really don't get distracted!"

The woman in black yelled angrily, and raised her hand to scatter a lot of thorn seeds. Before they landed, several vines sprouted, and a group of snakes danced wildly.

Jiang Yuebai was trapped in a tight siege, stepping on star-chasing steps, wielding a machete, with golden lights flickering on her body, she took three Vajra Talismans in a row, leaving bloodstains on her body.

Fighting to be injured, Jiang Yuebai gradually adapted to the speed and strength at this time, from passive defense to active attack.

[... Proficiency in woodcutter technique +1]

[... Proficiency in woodcutter technique +1]

When the effect of the last Vajra Talisman was exhausted, she broke out of the siege, her speed suddenly increased to the extreme, and she went straight to the face of the woman in black.

The woman in black felt contemptuous and was caught off guard. Seeing Jiang Yuebai slashing down with the knife, she only had time to dodge sideways, but she was still a step too late.

The blade grazed the shoulder of the woman in black, and she stared in horror, but she didn't feel the feeling of blood and flesh being torn.

Looking down, she couldn't help but sneer, the tattered hatchet didn't even tear off her vestment.

boom!

The woman in black ran up, and Jiang Yuebai spat out blood, which was thrown out like a cannonball, hitting the tree heavily and falling to the ground.

Jiang Yuebai didn't know how many ribs were broken, and the blood in his throat kept surging up and couldn't be suppressed, the pain was so painful that he almost passed out of his breath.

"The mayfly shakes the tree! I don't know how to live or die!"

The woman in black walked slowly, and the vines wrapped around her arms and turned into thorns, shining with metallic luster.

Jiang Yuebai gasped violently, clenched the hatchet tightly, and propped up half of her body.

"I've had enough fun, I'll send you on your way!"

As soon as the voice fell, the black-clothed woman's hand shot out with electricity.

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were fierce, and under the oppression of life and death, his spirit was highly concentrated, and his heart was full of blessings. He only felt that everything around him slowed down, and thousands of figures practicing swords flashed in his mind.

Thousands of shadows return to one, and slash with all your might!

Ding!

Hard stabbing collapse!

[Congratulations, your firewood chopping technique has been raised to the level of mastery]

This is the time!

Filling his whole body with energy, Jiang Yuebai smashed out the glass bottle in his left hand, and stepped on the ground with blood in his mouth.

The woman in black narrowed her eyes, facing the unknown glass bottle and the girl with the knife, she made a quick decision and slashed at the glass bottle.

boom!

The glass bottle exploded, the ice beetle king flapped its wings, and the powerful cold mist was like the mouth of a giant beast, instantly swallowing the woman in black and the surrounding vines.

Her blood froze all over her body, and her body was covered with frost, making it difficult to move. She could only watch Jiang Yuebai's knife sweeping towards her neck with her eyes wide open.

With all her strength, the black-clothed woman leaned back and retreated. The golden light was dazzling, barely touching her neck.

Jiang Yuebai fell to the ground, and the hatchet rune in his hand was dim.

"Small worm...!!"

Warm liquid sprayed from the neck of the woman in black.

boom!

A head grumbled to the ground, and two eyes opened wide in horror.

Jiang Yuebai let out his aura and trembled with fear.

The woman in black thought that her saber would not be able to hurt her, but she didn't know that Dacheng's saber technique was powerful, and with ninety-nine Gengjin sharp edges, beheading was easy.

From the moment she rushed out of the golden light formation, every step was calculated. She did not use all her strength for the first slash, knowing that she would fight back and did not use ice armor to defend, all in order to make her underestimate the enemy.

For the time to come, for the lore!

With a whimper, half of Tao Fengnian's body was soaked in blood, the sickle was pulled out from the back of the wolf's neck, and the huge wolf body crashed to the ground.

The scar-faced man was dumbfounded, unable to believe that Jiang Yuebai was able to kill the woman in black, and when the wolf was killed while distracted, his eyes were tearing apart.

"I want you to die!!"

The scar-faced man roared angrily, grabbed a medicine bottle from his arms, and smashed it on the ground angrily.

The medicine bottle was torn apart, the cyan smoke brought bursts of fragrance and drifted with the wind, and the quiet forest was restless for a moment.

Aww——

Howling wolves and roaring lions, roaring beasts.

Tao Fengnian trembled all over, his voice trembling, "This is... Yinshouxiang!"


		