

"Nangufang City is backed by Wolong Mountain in the east, facing the Fulong River in the west, Qingyunling in the Jiuchong Mountains in the north, and Feifenglin in the south."

In the twelfth lunar month of winter, paper cranes soared into the sky, creaking.

Jiang Yuebai rubbed her hands and sat beside Tao Fengnian, listening to him 'point out Jiangshan'.

She knew that Qingyun Ridge in Jiuchong Mountains was the gate of Tianyan Sect, and that Wolong Mountain to the east was the border of Yun Kingdom.

"Grandpa, do you think that Cangguo did it on purpose? The mountain in Yunguo is called Wolong Mountain, so they named that big river Fulongjiang."

Tao Fengnian said with a smile, "As the two most powerful mortal powers in the three continents and nine regions of the Central Plains, the Cangyun Kingdom has been fighting endlessly since ancient times. I am also from Yunguo. The heroic soul is hidden under Wolong Mountain, and the loyal bones are buried in Feifeng Forest. If it is not an accident Stepping into the world of comprehension, I have already cast my pen and joined the army, and went to the battlefield to fight."

Along the way, the paper cranes flew slowly and low, surrounded by mountains or trees, Jiang Yuebai got tired of looking at it, and took out the glass bottle containing the ice beetle king.

He fed it the essence of plants and trees last night, and now he no longer pretended to be dead, and was exuding cold air against the bottle wall, intending to escape.

Tao Fengnian glanced at it, "Your spiritual consciousness is weak, and the sacrificial training should be carried out step by step, and you can succeed in three to five days."

Jiang Yuebai nodded. Tao Fengnian helped her read it last night. Although the insect king is weird, it is harmless and can be sacrificed.

After success, you only need to attract your spiritual sense, and you can instantly deploy ice armor defenses around your body, or freeze the enemy, which is faster than casting spells.

After finishing today's sacrificial training, Jiang Yuebai put away the glass bottle.

"Grandpa, have you ever used water aura to perform the Vegetation Art?"

Tao Fengnian was stunned for a while, "Why do you ask this question?"

Jiang Yuebai explained the weirdness of that day, Tao Fengnian frowned and thought about it, the girl who was once ignorant, he was unable to give advice in just a short time.

"You still need to ask Li Jiuchuan about the transformation of the five elements. Grandpa is not very talented and doesn't know the secret."

"Okay, what about the Caomu Jue, I was thinking last night, since the Caomu Jue can plunder the vitality of plants, can it also plunder the vitality of people?"

As soon as the words fell, Tao Fengnian stared at Jiang Yuebai fiercely, his eyes were extremely serious, making Jiang Yuebai's scalp tighten.

"This is an evil way, you can talk about it, but you must not use it in front of others, otherwise the sect will not spare you!"

"I'm just curious~"

"The essence of the Grass and Tree Jue is plunder. The grass and trees are angry, the monsters are angry, and the anger of a person can be plundered. If a person is plundered and angry, it will lose his life. Zongmen passed down this spell.

"After plundering people's lifespan, can it be fed back to other people?" Jiang Yuebai asked again.

Tao Fengnian shook his head, "Of course not, the anger of plundering with the Vegetable Art can only feed back the Vegetables, it's almost here, sit tight."

The paper crane rushed down suddenly, Jiang Yuebai grabbed Tao Fengnian's sleeve and looked up.

The mountains and rivers are magnificent, the mist is vast, the forest is vast, and the trees are towering.

The paper crane fell outside the Feifeng Forest, and Tao Fengnian took Jiang Yuebai for a walk in it. The shadows of the trees were mottled, tigers howled and insects sang, and all the sights were surrounded by vines and trees. Where did Fangshi come from?

Ever since Jiang Yuebai stepped into the forest, she always felt that this place was extremely dangerous and she had to return immediately.

With seven turns and eight detours, towering ancient trees blocked the way, and Tao Fengnian stopped.

"Press your hand on the tree and try injecting spiritual energy."

Jiang Yuebai was dubious, stepped forward and pressed his hand, and as soon as the spiritual energy was injected, half of his arm penetrated into the tree.

She opened her eyes wide in amazement, maintained her aura output, and stepped straight into the tree, her eyes suddenly opened up.

The breeze is gentle, the fog and rain are flying, pedestrians are weaving, and there is a lot of noise.

Shops along the roadside are displaying flags and flags, vendors are hawking through the sky, spirit beasts are shaking their heads and breathing fire in front of the blacksmith shop, children are laughing and applauding, and blacksmith apprentices are waving sledgehammers, clanging.

The rich atmosphere of the market is rushing towards the face.

"How can there be such a big square city behind the tree?"

Jiang Yuebai turned around, and behind him was still an ancient tree, growing randomly by the road.

Tao Fengnian came to the side, "There are mortals around, so it is natural to have some cover-up methods, and the same is true in other places. This way, I will buy you new clothes first."

"Although the city is safe, there are still young disciples who only pick on wealthy and ignorant sect disciples. We need to be careful not to reveal our wealth and not be targeted by others."

"Understood, Grandpa."

Jiang Yuebai tugged at Tao Fengnian's sleeves, looked up and looked around, seeing everything was new, even a pair of eyes was not enough.

There is the pyrotechnic aura of mortal cities and towns, and the immortal aura of the realm of cultivators.

For example, the small yellow talisman sword that passes through to send messages, the big two-headed bird pulling a cart above its head, or the talisman with burning tails flying around in the hands of street vendors.

"Take a look and take a look~ Qiankunfang's year-end clearance of all kinds of magical artifacts is definitely cheaper than Shanhailou."

"The newly arrived spell jade slips in Shushanfang, as well as the cultivation experience of Zhenjun Yuanying, the number is limited, first come, first served."

"Xiancaolou's pill betting is about to start today..."

"All kinds of cubs of spirit beasts are cheap. Daoist friends buy one for the child to play with. Look at how cute this Yanhu cat is. It's not a loss if you buy it."

"Two, do you want to stay at the hotel?"

A third-level qi training male cultivator blocked the way, and Jiang Yuebai looked up.

"Our Qiyun Pavilion guest room is of high quality and low price. It is equipped with a spirit gathering array, and it is safe and secure. We only need two low-grade spirit stones for one night. Do you want to stay for one night?"

Tao Fengnian waved his hand and pushed Jiang Yuebai into the tailor shop.

When he came out, Jiang Yuebai changed into the clothes of the disciples of Tianyan Sect, and wore a small green skirt, intertwined in shades and shades like wheat seedlings, full of vitality.

Tao Fengnian also changed into an ordinary long gown, with a cigarette stick stuck in his waist, holding Jiang Yuebai like a casual cultivator taking his granddaughter to play.

"A lot of people are so lively."

"At the end of the year, the season is relatively free. The disciples of Tianyan Sect have to prepare talismans for the quiz at the end of the year, and sects from all over the world have also freed up their hands to recruit new ones, so there are more people active in the square city."

Tian Yanzong's end-of-year quiz is mainly for outer and inner disciples. If they fail the assessment, they will be demoted.

After the quiz, there will be an assessment for handymen above the seventh floor of qi training to enter the outer sect. She is not qualified yet, so she doesn't need to care about it.

Passing by the center of Nangufang, the towering ancient trees are under the banners and flags are flying, and there is a lot of people.

"Spirit Crane Sect, Yuling Sect, Baiyang Sect, Chixiao Sect, Vajra Terrace... Are these all sects of cultivating immortals?"

"Yes, besides the Tianyan Sect, there are 24 sects of different sizes in the Central Plains. Every few years, casual cultivators will be recruited in the squares and cities of the Central Plains. This year it is Nangufang City's turn."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes widened, "I thought there was only Tianyanzong in this world, but I didn't expect there to be so many, and it's just the realm of the Central Plains."

"Not only sects, there are many cultivation families in the Central Plains, too many to count."

Jiang Yuebai craned her neck to look, and found that those casual cultivators received tokens in front of the booths of various sects and left.

"What are they going to do with the token?"

Tao Fengnian explained, "For a boy like you to get started, you only need to test your aptitude and xinxing. Casual cultivation is different, in addition to aptitude, we value ability more."

"So to receive different tasks, most of them go to the depths of Feifeng Forest to hunt monsters or find natural treasures. This is also a means for various sects to suppress the number of monsters and collect resources."

Walking through the center of Fangfang, the streets are crowded with people, extremely prosperous.

"Come here, freshly hunted black-horned rhinoceros, the rhino horns are intact and can be refined into eighth-rank magic weapons, and the rhino skin is slightly flawed, which can be refined into ninth-rank leather armor. Do you want it?"

A bronze-colored one-horned rhinoceros hangs upside down on a huge wooden frame beside the road, and a strong monk holds a bone-chopping knife and shouts, while a group of people gather around and compete for bids.

"It's the same as killing pigs at the end of the year in our village. What are you doing?"

Jiang Yuebai pointed with a simple hand, and on the opposite pavilion, a male cultivator who established the foundation was sitting in front of the alchemy furnace, with no other distractions and concentrated attention.

The crowd downstairs gathered in twos and twos, whispering.

"He blasted pills last time, which caused me to lose miserably. This time, I'll bet on him not getting one."

"It's not because you yelled too loudly below that it disturbed your mind."

"The matter of alchemy has been blown up several times, it's normal. I think he is prudent this time. According to his average level, there is 50% success in alchemy."

Tao Fengnian looked at it for a while, "The Immortal Grass Building gambles on alchemy, let the alchemist make alchemy in public, everyone can bet on his alchemy rate, if he wins, the Immortal Grass Building will give you a gift. This is a means of attracting business, and people from all over the world have followed suit." Emulate."

"In addition to gambling alchemy, there are also fun activities such as fighting talismans, solving formations, etc. corresponding to the six arts of cultivation, and making alchemy in public is the most test of the concentration of the alchemist, which is quite good for the alchemist. Grandpa is going to find an old friend in the fairy grass building. There is a bookstore opposite, you can go and have a look first, don't run around, you know?"

"Yeah, grandpa, let's go, I'll take a look around here."

Tao Fengnian gave Jiang Yuebai a message paper crane, pushed the crowd away and walked into the Immortal Grass Building.

Jiang Yuebai looked at the pill for a while, but heard those people talking nonsense, and didn't see the monk upstairs opening the pill furnace, so she felt bored and looked around again.

"My old lady's magical machine lock can't be unlocked after a few years of practice. If you are stupid, don't be ashamed. Get out of here."

At the entrance of the alley on the opposite side, a group of children and several adults gathered around a small booth, each holding wooden utensils and frowning.

The stall owner is a rough female nun, sitting on a complicated and exquisite wooden chair, gear mechanism can be seen everywhere, the leather blanket on her knees seems to have no legs, she is grinding the wooden strips with a file, and she is covered with sawdust.

Jiang Yuebai walked over curiously, and saw that the stall was full of mechanism puppets, and a wooden sign was erected beside it.

[Unlock the Nine Paths Divine Machine Lock, get a Seventh-Rank Flying Nuclear Boat, only for children under ten years old]

"What is a flying nuclear boat?" Jiang Yuebai asked.

The female cultivator didn't raise her head, "Leiyin walnuts are carved into a boat, and its escape speed is as fast as lightning. It is a seventh-grade flying magic weapon."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up, "As long as you unlock the Nine Dao Magic Machine Lock, will you really give it away?"

The nun blows away the sawdust and looks up at Jiang Yuebai carefully.

"It looks like a clever one. I have been here for half a month, and no one has successfully challenged it. Three low-grade spirit stones can be challenged once, and it should not take more than a quarter of an hour. Think it through?"

Before Jiang Yuebai could speak, the seven or eight-year-old boy next to him suddenly cried.

"I can't figure it out wow—"

As soon as he cried, the other children who were crying hard also started to cry.

"It's too difficult, I won't play anymore."

"Cry, cry, cry, you know how to cry, I'll waste three low-grade spirit stones for you, bastard!"

The man took off his shoes, chased and beat his own children, and disappeared into the alley.

The female cultivator chuckled and raised her eyebrows, "Children, are you still challenging?"


		