

After working for an hour, Jiang Yuebai became dizzy, and the Five Elements cyclone in his dantian was dim.

The feeling of depletion of aura came, and the grass art that was being performed could not be interrupted. She subconsciously accelerated the frequency of her ten fingers to squeeze the aura in her body.

The ten fingers trembled suddenly, and the desire to complete the formula drove the new consciousness, and suddenly transformed the internal pressure into external suction.

Streaks of emerald green light floated from the surrounding seedlings, Jiang Yuebai felt that he couldn't stop, his fingers stirred up the spiritual vortex, and frantically absorbed these green lights.

The green light accumulated more and more, forming a green bead the size of a peanut in her palm.

boom!

The spiritual vortex exploded from his fingertips, Jiang Yuebai staggered a step, and within three feet of his body, the seedlings withered and turned into ashes when the wind blew.

The few people chatting around paled in horror, staring at Jiang Yuebai like a ghost.

The owner of the Lingtian here, Zheng Li, looked ashamed, and threw himself into the Lingtian in distress.

"Oh, my seedlings, what did you do? You asked me to repair the seedlings, and you didn't let you plunder the vitality of the seedlings!"

Jiang Yuebai was at a loss as she held the essence of grass and trees. She didn't mean it, but just now, under the pressure of exhaustion of spiritual power, she accidentally turned the formula and robbed the vitality of the grass and trees in the seedlings.

When she was learning the Cao Mu Jue, Tao Fengnian told her that the Cao Mu Jue can be used in two ways.

One, you can ingest the wood aura in the air to nourish the spiritual plants.

One, you can plunder the vitality of plants and trees for weeding, and the grass ash as fertilizer. In addition to feeding back to spiritual plants, the plundered plant essence beads can also be used as materials for refining healing elixirs.

"There are so many seedlings that can sow more than a hundred catties of wheat. If you don't pay me the spirit stone today, you don't want to leave!"

Zheng Li was aggressive and reached out to ask for compensation.

Jiang Yuebai was not annoyed, "My spiritual power was exhausted because of helping you repair the seedlings. I never asked you for hard money, but you want to blackmail me?"

"Why do you ask me to blackmail you? Don't you also help other people repair seedlings for free? Why do you have to charge money when you come to me? Are you targeting me on purpose? Did I offend you? Or are you relying on Tao Lao's backing and following?" Can't I make it through?"

"You are unreasonable!"

Jiang Yuebai was furious, she turned her head to look around at those people she had helped, and they all dispersed.

"If you are not proficient in using the Vegetation Jue at a young age, you should have said it earlier. If you hit a swollen face to make yourself fat, it will end up hurting me. I won't ask you for more. Return me the spirit stone I gave you to deworm. I don't care about you."

"The rascals don't want to bully me, Senior Sister Jiang!"

Shi Xiaowu rushed over, grabbed the mud and threw it at Zheng Li. Zheng Li was shocked, and the mud bounced back and knocked Shi Xiaowu to the ground.

Shi Xiaowu wailed, Jiang Yuebai was angry.

"You're fucking courting death, aren't you!"

Guo Zhen suddenly appeared behind Zheng Li, kicked him to the ground and fell to the ground.

"Guo Laohei, I'm not finished with you!"

Zheng Li climbed up to activate the formula, Tao Fengnian and Song Pei'er walked over, Zheng Li stopped angrily.

Song Pei'er glanced at Jiang Yuebai, pursed her lips and shook her head, walked over to pull Shi Xiaowu up, and cleaned up the mud with the clean dust technique.

Shi Xiaowu was outraged, pointed at Zheng Li and shouted, "He bullied Senior Sister Jiang."

Seeing that there were so many people, Zheng Li quickly put on a smile, "I misunderstood, I was just... just playing with Junior Sister Jiang."

Song Pei'er sneered, and Guo Zhen directly exposed his thoughts.

"Don't think I don't know, if you want to steal Junior Sister Jiang's Lingshi, just run away, and Tao Lao will have nothing to do with you."

"No, no, really no."

Jiang Yuebai bit her lip, and under Tao Fengnian's calm gaze, she realized that she had made a big mistake, she clenched the corner of her clothes and lowered her head.

Tao Fengnian sighed slightly, "Come back when you're done."

"Wait a moment."

Guo Zhen called Tao Fengnian and handed Jiang Yuebai ten spirit stones.

"You can't be ungrateful. Junior Sister Jiang helped repair the seedlings in my field just now. I have seen it. The work is beautiful. In the coming year, I will harvest 10% more spiritual wheat. We can't lose our hearts and ask Junior Sister Jiang to pay back If you are wronged, you have to give back the spirit stone that should be given."

Jiang Yuebai only felt that the light of those spirit stones was piercing and dazzling, so he shook his head and backed away, refusing to accept it.

Tao Fengnian reached out to take it, and Guo Zhen glanced sharply at the other people Jiang Yuebai had helped.

Those people were unhappy, but they didn't dare to be presumptuous, so they reluctantly took out the spirit stone and handed it to Tao Fengnian.

Tao Fengnian took the Lingshi and walked ahead, Jiang Yuebai nodded to Guo Zhen and Song Pei'er, and followed quickly.

Along the way, Tao Fengnian didn't say a word, his breath was heavy, Jiang Yuebai followed from afar, not daring to approach.

After returning to the courtyard and closing the door, Jiang Yuebai walked up to Tao Fengnian.

"Grandpa, I was wrong."

Tao Fengnian coughed a few times and sat down, beating his knees without raising his eyes.

"What's wrong?"

Jiang Yuebai drooped her head, reciting listlessly.

"Growing rice nourishes benefactors, and fighting rice makes enemies. It is easy to send charcoal in the snow, but it is difficult to add flowers to the icing on the cake. A drop is like nectar when you are thirsty, and it is better to have a cup when you are drunk. Treat others with inexhaustible kindness, which can maintain the heart of the tireless. ..."

"Okay, since you know all about it, why did you do that today?"

Jiang Yue raised her head, "I was stunned by Lu Ying's anger!"

Tao Fengnian frowned, "Lu Ying?"

Jiang Yuebai nodded, talked about the quarrel with Lu Ying, and became aggrieved again while talking.

"I concealed when I broke through, but it was yesterday that I reached the third level of Qi training. Before that, I had never lied to her, and I didn't laugh at her. Why should she hate me and call me a liar? ?”

Tao Fengnian took some time off and asked back, "Then why must Lu Ying like you?"

Jiang Yuebai choked.

"Girl, Lu Ying hates you. It's her freedom. If you can't change it, you have to accept it."

"Grandpa, how could you do this? Can't you say that Lu Ying's not being friends with me is her loss?"

"Whether it is a loss or not is her business. You can't have such a thought, otherwise you will be obsessed and immerse yourself in the gap between you and her, worrying about gains and losses. If she can't surpass you, you are superior. If she surpasses you one day , your faith will collapse in an instant."

Jiang Yuebai nodded ignorantly, as if that was the case. She was busy working in the fields before, and all she could think about was how Lu Ying was inferior to her. She wondered why Lu Ying had any right to hate her.

The more I think about it, the angrier I get!

"You can't make the world like you, and others have no obligation to like you, just like you did so many things in the field just now, some people still won't appreciate you, so don't care about other people's likes and dislikes and the way they look at you. "

"Others hate you, you are still you, you don't need to change to please yourself, to please yourself, every day is full of joy, understand?"

"Well, I understand, but Lu Ying... I was the one who concealed it first, and I said something too much to her today, so I was also at fault."

Jiang Yuebai felt sorry when she remembered the last time Lu Ying protected her from injury.

Tao Fengnian rubbed Jiang Yuebai's head, "If you think she is worthy of your sincerity, then go, don't look forward and backward, follow your own heart, but no matter what the result is, you have to accept it calmly."

Jiang Yuebai nodded like a pounding garlic, the depression in her heart dissipated, the corners of her mouth rose again, she leaned forward and grabbed Tao Fengnian's sleeve and shook it twice.

"Grandpa, since I know I was wrong, can I return the spirit stone just now? I want to buy something. Firstly, I want to apologize to Lu Ying, and secondly, I want to thank Elder Li. If he hadn't pointed me out, I wouldn't be able to cultivate. progress so quickly."

"You don't have a grandfather's share?"

"There are some, of course there are."

Tao Fengnian laughed, and pressed a pack of Lingshi into Jiang Yuebai's arms, and the little girl's face brightened instantly.

"Go and rest, let's go to Nangufang City tomorrow morning."


		