

Less than halfway through a class, most of the students were already dizzy and buzzing in their heads.

I have a great sense of not knowing who I am, where I am, and what I want to do.

Lu Ying next to Jiang Yuebai only persisted for a cup of tea before she slumped her back and wandered away.

The Tao of the Five Elements seems simple, but in fact it is complicated, and it was not something that new qi practitioners like them should learn.

But Li Jiuchuan insisted on offering this class, because the introductory children have pure minds, and their cognition of the rules of heaven and earth has not yet been finalized, so they have the best chance to comprehend the law of transformation of the five elements.

Once some cognitions are fixed, if you want to change them, you need to wait until your mind matures.

"...You know that clouds float in the sky and rivers lie on the ground since you were young, but you don't know that clouds are rivers and water rises and gathers to form clouds, and clouds gather to rain and gather to form rivers."

"The Cloud and Rain Jue practiced by Ling Gengfu is to gather the aura of water to form clouds, and then it will rain. But when the aura of water is insufficient, such as in midsummer, how can we ensure the rain?"

Li Jiuchuan paused and scanned the audience.

Everyone shuddered suddenly, and hurriedly looked at their noses and noses, and their noses looked at their hearts, but they didn't make eye contact with Li Jiuchuan.

Lu Nanzhi frowned, puzzled, Xie Jingshan scratched his face secretly and shrank, the reason why he came to listen to the lecture was because he had already left Shen Huaixi behind, leaving only Lu Nanzhi in front.

Lu Nanzhi came here, so he came here, knowing yourself and the enemy can defeat the enemy, but this lesson really gave him... a headache!

"Lu Nanzhi, tell me."

Lu Nanzhi thought for a while and said, "Gold among the five elements can generate water, and use gold to create spiritual energy..."

Lu Nanzhi paused, because she knew how Jin Shengshui, she knew the appearance but didn't know the reason, and she couldn't turn the corner.

Among all the avoiding children, a pair of bright eyes flashed into Li Jiuchuan's eyes.

"Jiang Yuebai, tell me."

Swipe!

With all the attention, Lu Nanzhi and Xie Jingshan also turned their heads to see that Jiang Yuebai's scalp tightened and he forgot his words.

Li Jiuchuan lowered his eyes and straightened his sleeves in no hurry. This is the first lesson. It is too early to expect these children to understand the most difficult part of the transformation of the five elements, Jin Shengshui, as long as it can motivate them to think this time.

Sitting next to Jiang Yuebai, Lu Ying squeezed her hand to encourage her. Jiang Yuebai took a deep breath and spoke slowly.

"I don't know how to ensure rain in midsummer, but elder, you just said that when rivers rise, they gather to form clouds, and the clouds accumulate to rain. It reminds me of boiling water. When the water boils, white steam will come out, and when the white steam is cold, it will turn Condensed into water, cold..."

Jiang Yuebai paused, Li Jiuchuan looked up with encouraging eyes.

She has already mentioned the key point, it depends on whether she can understand it further.

Jiang Yuebai thought for a moment and continued, "River water rises because of heat, and clouds accumulate and rain because it is cold, so... the cloud itself is gold? When water rises and meets metal, it becomes cold and rains, so metal produces water?"

"Could it be that Jinshengshui doesn't need us to take the initiative to do anything at all. When the clouds accumulate, the sky and the earth have already transformed it. All we have to do is to understand the truth, discover and borrow it?"

Jiang Yuebai herself wasn't sure if she was right or not, she just stared at Li Jiuchuan for proof.

Li Jiuchuan narrowed his eyes and watched Jiang Yuebai's eyes gradually deepen. He never expected that someone could understand the core of the Five Elements in his first class, which had never happened before.

Li Jiuchuan cherishes talents, he is also a handyman, he has seen the undercurrents and turbulence, and knows that a tree cannot be better than a forest, especially she is just a young seedling that has not yet grown.

Li Jiuchuan's face was serious, and he said in a deep voice: "The direction is correct, but it's a bit superficial. The five elements are the way to reach the sky, do you understand?"

Everyone sounded like they were being blamed, but Lu Nanzhi heard the compliment, and immediately turned to look at Jiang Yuebai, and even Xie Jingshan looked over.

"The way of the five elements is about breaking the infant and transforming into a god. When forming a pill, you must lay the foundation. Even if it is a single spiritual root, you must complete the five elements when transforming into a god, and prove the two gods of yin and yang. It is a long way to transform into a god. It is an exaggeration for you. It's early, but the five elements are also related to whether a monk who cultivates Qi can turn his spiritual root disadvantages into advantages."

Mentioning this, everyone's eyes lit up, and they all looked at Li Jiuchuan.

"If you can use the attributes of spiritual roots, you can initially grasp the rotation of the five elements, and penetrate the five-element bridge between the spiritual roots. Multi-spiritual roots are stronger than single spiritual roots. Five elements are two characters, five is gold, wood, water, fire and earth, and the movement means rotation. .”

"Remember, the spiritual root is determined by heaven, but man is determined to conquer heaven. Those who are self-improving will be favored by heaven, and those who abandon themselves will be disgusted by heaven. Alright, let's stop here for today."

After Li Jiuchuan's words fell, Jiang Yuebai's pupils trembled, and suddenly she realized that what she said just now was correct, the cycle of the five elements didn't require her to do anything specially, she just needed to realize it.

Thinking of this, Jiang Yuebai immediately took out the jade slip of "Five Elements Rotation Method" and pasted it between his eyebrows, looking for related methods to confirm his thoughts.

Seeing this situation, Lu Ying waited silently, and the crowd dispersed one after another with relief.

I believe that the next time Li Jiuchuan teaches, there will never be as many people as there are today.

Li Jiuchuan took a deep look at Jiang Yuebai, got up and straightened his clothes, ready to leave.

"Elder Li, Nanzhi would like to ask the elder how to turn water into ice."

Lu Nanzhi stood up to ask for advice, his eyes full of eagerness.

She was born with a water spirit body, and the water is soft, which is not in line with the killing method she cultivated, so she wholeheartedly wants to turn the water into ice and increase the power of spells.

Li Jiuchuan looked displeased, "I haven't understood the way of transforming the five elements yet, so I want to learn how to transform the five elements into three wonders? How ambitious!"

Lu Nanzhi was shocked, and Li Jiuchuan pointedly glanced at Jiang Yuebai who was sitting quietly outside the hall, and turned to leave.

Xie Jingshan watched from the side, only then did he know why Lu Nanzhi came here today.

He has a single fire spirit root, since fire produces earth, can he also transfer some earth spirit energy to improve his own defense?

Jiang Yuebai was immersed in the jade slips for half an hour before withdrawing contentedly. She already had some clues about the most difficult part of the intergenerational transformation of the five elements, and she just had to try to verify it further.

Opening her eyes, Jiang Yuebai suddenly saw Lu Ying standing in front of her, winking at her nervously, and she turned her head left and right.

Xie Jingshan on the left and Lu Nanzhi on the right stared at her like guardians.

"What's in your jade slip?" Lu Nanzhi asked, Xie Jingshan stretched out his ears.

Jiang Yuebai held up the jade slip, "The Five Elements Rotation Method written by Elder Li."

The two of them suddenly realized that it was no wonder that she was able to answer Shang Li Jiuchuan's question. It turned out that she had already previewed it.

"Thank you."

Lu Nanzhi got up and went straight to the library, Xie Jingshan stared at Jiang Yuebai for a moment, and found that she looked really good-looking after washing, so he smiled secretly and went after Lu Nanzhi.

After the two left, Lu Ying let out a long breath.

"Xiaobai, you really scared me to death. I thought you offended them both."

"I'm a handyman. If they don't come to class today, I won't even meet them. How can I offend them?" Jiang Yuebai stretched his muscles.

Lu Ying nodded, "That's right. I used to be a servant of the Lu family, and I rarely saw the young lady. After all, she was born with a spiritual body. She just entered the Tao. She trained three levels of Qi in just one month. That Xie Jingshan is not bad. At the second level of Qi, I haven't even started "Aoki Kungfu" yet."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes flickered, looking in the direction the two left.

"But Xiaobai, what's the matter with you, Elder Li is famous for being strict, yet you can be praised by him, saying, did you study secretly behind my back?"

Jiang Yuebai withdrew his gaze, "I have five spiritual roots, my qualifications are useless, and I can't read a few words. It doesn't look like you are from the Xiuxian family. If I don't work hard to read more books, grandpa will not want me."

Lu Ying shook her head slightly, "That's right, your practice progress belongs to the youngest in our Huaxi Valley, so you should work harder, but it's useless if you just read books, the Tao of the Five Elements is something Jindan real people want to understand, you are fine Practice more exercises, this is the most important thing right now."

"Thank you, Senior Sister Lu, for your pointers. In another quarter of an hour, it will be the talisman making class of the Inner Sect Master Zhuji. Would you like to listen to it, Senior Sister Lu?"

"No, no, no, I get a headache when I mention those cloud script and tortoise shell inscriptions. I'll go to the library to have a look."

At that time, the Library.

Lu Nanzhi slapped his token in front of the old steward.

"I want to print the "Five Elements Rotation Method", and a copy of all the books written by Li Shishu."

The old steward was stunned for a long time before he could react, and he didn't go to rubbing until Lu Nanzhi urged him.

As soon as Lu Nanzhi left, Xie Jingshan came in again and took a picture of the token and spirit stone.

"I want all the rubbings that Lu Nanzhi has rubbed, and then rubbing all the books related to the transformation of the five elements on the second floor. If the contribution points are not enough, they can be paid for by Lingshi."

The old steward: ...


		