

The sky and the earth are boundless, covered with silver, with snow flying all over the sky, and thousands of trees and silver flowers.

In front of the training room, the snow was piled up to the knees, and the gray clothes on his body were not soaked in cold and heat, but Jiang Yuebai's small face was sore from the Xiao Xiaobei wind.

She walked out of the corridor courtyard with difficulty, the mountain was blocked by heavy snow, and there was no way out.

"I made an appointment with grandpa for three days, why didn't he come?"

The cold wind howled, Jiang Yuebai stood at the door and rubbed her hands, not knowing how to go back to Huaxi Valley, the snow was so heavy, she would be buried half way.

Jiang Yuebai looked back at the courtyard. The old handyman who was in charge of the place was sitting on a rocking chair on the porch with his eyes closed.

"Master... Brother, how can I go back to Huaxi Valley with such heavy snow?"

The old man opened his eyes, "It's you, little girl. Tao Fengnian is also interesting. You have to use the practice room to retreat for a breakthrough in Qi training. There are too many spiritual stones to spend. Let me see what you have broken through in the past three days." .”

The old man had a good impression of Jiang Yuebai. Except for the rich and powerful inner disciples, no one would go to the practice room to retreat on the first floor of Qi training.

The old man took a closer look and gasped.

"Oh, are you on the fourth or fifth level of Qi training? You are full of aura and not weaker than that girl Lu Nanzhi."

Jiang Yuebai had just broken through, and his aura had not yet been restrained. In addition, the amount of aura in the five spiritual roots was sufficient, so the old man misunderstood.

"Senior brother, I am the root of five spirits, and I am about to reach the third level of Qi training at this time."

"That's terrible. What kind of skills have you cultivated so that you have such a strong force? Although the early and middle stages of Qi training are the same as playing, your speed is really..."

"Brother, you haven't told me how to go back to Huaxi Valley?"

"Ahem, Tao Feng came here two days ago, but the heavy snow last night was different, and the valleys were affected. As the head of Huaxi Valley, he must not be able to pick you up, and I can't leave my post..."

The sound of the crane's crowing came from outside the courtyard, Jiang Yuebai hurriedly bowed his hands and retreated, and went out to look for the crane.

Just as Jiang Yuebai left, the door of the practice room behind the old man was opened, and the tall Hong Tao walked out with a full body of spiritual light, his deep eyes fixed on the fleeting figure in the distance.

Right now, he had already heard Jiang Yuebai's voice from inside.

Hearing that she practiced the third level of Qi training for the first time, Hong Tao thought it was absolutely impossible. She had only reported to the Miscellaneous Hall half a month ago, stepped into the first level of Qi training, and broke through two tests in a half month?

Among the disciples this year, no one except Lu Nanzhi could do it.

But after thinking about it calmly, Hong Tao suddenly realized that this little girl must have already broken through the first level of Qi training and has been hiding her cultivation.

According to Tao Fengnian's temperament, it's not surprising.

From her initiation to today, regardless of when she broke through to the first level of Qi training, it took one and a half months to reach the third level of Qi training, this speed can't even catch up with Xie Jingshan.

If she has no adventures, she has great perseverance and the demeanor of the ancestor of Tianyan Sect.

Thinking of this, Hong Tao suddenly felt ashamed. Last time he gave the little girl a bad face in the handyman's hall, he was embarrassed to see her now.

"Guan Hong is flawless, has he done a good job?" The old man stared at Hong Tao with burning eyes.

Hong Tao nodded. He has indeed achieved the Great Perfection in the late stage of Qi training, and he can retreat and build a foundation at any time, but there is still a test before building a foundation.

"It's been snowing heavily recently. I think the disciples are all practicing in Maodong. There aren't many things to do in the Internal Affairs Hall. Steward Hong happened to be down the mountain. You can eat whatever you want and do whatever you want."

"Once the foundation is established, you will truly enter the Tao, and the mortal relationship will be wiped out, and the karma of the heavens will be bound to you. You can no longer easily disturb the fate of mortals. Many things have to be weighed and done."

want to do...

Hong Tao looked far away, across the vast mountains, wondering if Wanniang was still waiting for him to return home.

outside the hospital.

Xie Jingshan looked at Jiang Yuebai, his eyes almost fell out.

"You you you...you despicable!"

Xie Jingshan gritted his teeth. He has specially practiced the Celestial Eye Technique, which allows him to perceive other people's aura at any time to identify their cultivation base. This stinky girl was still practicing Qi three days ago.

How can I train Qi to the third level in one go!

And half a head taller!

Too much deception!

Chasing after Uncle Li all day long asking questions, making him look like a human if he doesn't follow up with some questions.

They always talk about her poor aptitude and low comprehension.

Xie Jingshan only found out today that this stinky girl was confusing him, lowering his vigilance, and then practicing secretly to scare everyone!

He practiced all night, studied hard, got up earlier than Lu Nanzhi, practiced more than Lu Nanzhi, studied harder than Lu Nanzhi, and even ate half a bowl more than Lu Nanzhi.

You know, Lu Nanzhi is a little smaller and eats more than an adult male cultivator.

He thought that he could always surpass Lu Nanzhi through thick accumulation and hard work, and today he also deliberately came to retreat to attack the third level of Qi training.

Who knew that before retreating, she would be hit head-on by this unremarkable stinky girl!

Xie Jingshan was full of grievances and wanted to cry!

Jiang Yuebai didn't know why she was despicable? I haven't seen you for a few days, why is Xie Jingshan getting shorter?

No, she has grown taller.

Jiang Yuebai straightened her back, looking at the haughty and noble white crane beside Xie Jingshan with envy in her eyes.

"Are you here to retreat in the practice room?"

Xie Jingshan glared, and secretly stepped on his back.

"What kind of retreat, I have never practiced and I don't need to retreat. I can't hold back the pressure and I am so annoying. I came out to play."

"In that case, can you send me back to Huaxi Valley? Everyone says that Xie Jingshan, the inner sect, is the most righteous. Last time you helped some of our handyman disciples, I knew you were a heroic and courageous person. Surely you won’t die without help, right?”

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were like stars, shining brightly, her cheeks were slightly hot from staring at Xie Jingshan, and she felt embarrassed.

"Neither have I...not as good as you said?"

"Yes! You are too humble." Jiang Yuebai said firmly.

"Cough~ let's go, anyway, I don't have to practice and have nothing to do, so I'll give you a ride."

Xie Jingshan stepped on the back of the white crane and stretched out a hand to Jiang Yuebai. The red mole on the palm is very special.

Jiang Yuebai glanced at her without reaching out her hand, took two steps back and rushed forward, stepped on the ground and landed gently beside Xie Jingshan.

The white crane has a broad back, more than enough for two children to sit on.

"The posture is pretty good." Xie Jingshan put his hands into his sleeves, "Sit still, Qingfeng, go to Huaxi Valley."

The white crane spread its wings and raised its head, crying, and flew high into the sky against the wind and snow.

The wind was strong at high altitude, Jiang Yuebai was nearly breathless, and she fell backwards. Xie Jingshan pulled her back by grabbing her sleeve.

The jade pendant around Xie Jingshan's waist shone with blue light, the cold wind receded, and the two of them were wrapped in a bubble-like mask.

The white crane crossed the top of the mountain and went straight into the sky.

Thousands of mountains and ravines are magnificent.

"Sure enough, you still have to fly to the clouds to see the magnificence of the world! Grandpa's paper cranes are really too broken——"

Jiang Yuebai shouted to Tianchang, looking left and right, looking ignorant.

Xie Jingshan straightened his back and curled his lips secretly, the frustration just now eased a little.

The white crane flew extremely fast, and landed at the entrance of Huaxi Valley in less than a cup of tea.

The two jumped off the crane's back, and Jiang Yuebai bowed ninety degrees in thanks.

Xie Jingshan raised his chin slightly and was about to speak when Jiang Yuebai lifted his body and changed his expression.

"By the way, are you still practicing Qi on the second floor?"

Xie Jingshan's scalp tightened, and he suddenly felt bad.

"Then you will call me Senior Sister from now on?"

Xie Jingshan:! ! !

"Thank you for seeing me off today, senior sister, let's go first, junior brother, hurry up and go back to retreat, hahaha~"

Jiang Yuebai ran wildly into the valley, cut Xie Jingshan off his horse, and finished ahead of schedule.

Xie Jingshan was so angry that he grabbed a ball of snow on the ground and threw it at Jiang Yuebai.

"You are a sweet-hearted, ungrateful, despicable villain who crosses rivers and demolishes bridges!!"

Xueluo was silent, and no one was there.

"Qingfeng, let's go back. If I don't break through the fourth level of Qi training, I swear I won't pass out!"

The white crane croaked and went straight into the sky.

Fluttering.

The avalanche on the low mountain beside the road, Shougu Lingchan shook off his body with white snow.

quack~


		