

[Year of the Rat, October 22, drizzle]

After watching "Miscellaneous Collections of Five Flavors", I also decided to record my daily life, so that I, Jiang Yuebai, would not be famous all over the world in the future, and no deeds would be circulated.

If you don't read the book well, remember it in plain language first, and then go back and polish it when you are full of knowledge.

The year and month are arbitrary, and the country name of Yunguo is not pleasant, and Wuweishanren didn't write the year and month, which means it doesn't matter.

Yimu, Guishui, Binghuo, Wutu, the four exercises have already started to practice, and the progress is not bad.

That is, before fully mastering the five exercises, the cultivation level cannot be improved, and it may be a little behind.

Grandpa also gave me the remaining four spells. There are more things to learn. Why are there only twelve hours in a day?

Grandpa's quotations: Those who know others are wise, those who know themselves are wise, those who overcome others are powerful, and those who overcome themselves are strong!

[Year of the Rat, October 23rd, sunny]

Read books in the library and attend lectures in the lecture hall.

Putting a sack in the woods, Huaxigu continued to practice!

I am in a good mood today, go boating on Shilipo, and greet the Lantern Monster.

Grandpa quotes: Those who seek the top will win the middle, those who seek the middle will get the bottom, and those who seek the bottom will lose.

I decided that Lu Nanzhi is the goal I must surpass in the future!

[Year of the Rat, October 24th, strong winds]

Lu Nanzhi broke through the fourth level of Qi training last night. I think Grandpa is right, people should not be too ambitious, but keep their feet on the ground.

Now Xie Jingshan is my goal, and when the next spring begins, I, Jiang Yuebai, will definitely kill Xie Jingshan!

After watching too many miscellaneous episodes, my heart is a little bit flustered, and I also want to lead a horse to fight the sword to the end of the world.

I will start memorizing "Cao Mu Ji" and "Qi Wu Zhi" tomorrow, and I can't stop practicing Yunzhuan and Guijiawen.

Talisman is the cheapest and easiest to learn among the six arts of comprehension, and talisman is the source of all laws, and it is easier to learn other things from the talisman.

Grandpa's quotes: Accumulate soil to form mountains, and accumulate water to form seas.

[Year of the Rat, October 25th, it’s sunny again]

Getting started with "Gui Shui Gong", start practicing the "Cloud and Rain Jue".

The key points of the five spells are the sharpness of the edge, the softness of the cloud and rain, the fierceness of the red flame, the sinking of the earth shaking, and the stability of the grass and trees.

Write it down so you don't forget it.

Practicing hand formulas in still water is not enough. I added some mud into it and stirred it into mud. It feels silky and has a lot of resistance.

Lu Ying saw me messing with the mud, and told me not to be too selfish, and go and paste the brick joints on the wall of her house.

As winter is approaching, the brick joints in the courtyard wall must be pasted again to avoid air leakage.

Senior sister Song Peier praised me for my good batter, and gave me a basket of eggs laid by colorful golden pheasants, and asked me to make up for my grandfather.

Grandpa's Quotations: You will not be rewarded without merit, and you will not be favored without virtue.

Note: I returned the eggs.

[Year of the Rat, October 26th, still sunny]

I met Lin Suiwan in class today, and she told everyone that I was her maid, that my hands and feet were not clean, and that I was a young warbler who escaped from the brothel.

Everyone was talking about me behind my back, but Lu Ying told me not to worry, they said they were laughing, and I wouldn't lose a few catties.

Rather than being angry, it is better to practice hard. It will be more useful for Lin Suiwan to call me Senior Sister when we meet in the future.

For the first time, I felt that Lu Ying was quite intelligent.

I'm not angry at all, I'm just annoyed that I forgot to bring the sack, and I must remember it tomorrow.

Grandpa was called to work by Jia Wei, but he didn't eat any food and didn't have any quotations.

[October 27th, reciting lessons, practicing calligraphy, putting on sacks, killing lantern monsters]

[October 28th, reciting lessons, practicing calligraphy, putting on sacks, killing lantern monsters]

[October 29th, reciting lessons, practicing calligraphy, killing lantern monsters, I want to eat scallion oil meat pie]

[Year of the Rat, October 30th, the frost is coming]

The sack was torn and I had to buy a new one. I seemed to have killed all the lantern monsters. Grandpa said that it would take a few days for them to recover.

My Sharpness Jue has broken through the first floor and entered the second floor. The speed of forming the Jue has been increased from five breaths to four breaths. The sharpness is as solid as an embroidery needle.

It's still far from being able to shoot through my grandfather's one-breath formula with a sharp edge like a nail.

I calculated from the second to the third floor, and now I can push it ten times a day with enough force, so it will take a hundred days.

Based on this calculation, the third to fourth floors may take a thousand days?

When the cultivation base improves and the amount of aura increases, you must practice more times a day to shorten the time.

Grandpa said that spells are basically from the fifth level to the top, and after the peak of the second level, there will be a level for every breakthrough, which needs to be understood.

Song Pei'er was unable to break through the third floor because she couldn't comprehend it.

I'm not worried that I won't understand it, I'm curious what it's like to reach the top five levels of magic.

Grandpa said that it was too difficult, and it was only a low-level spell, and no one spent that energy to go to the top level to practice it.

I want to try it.

Elder Li said that I am smart, so I am sure I can do it.

Speaking of which, I found myself being targeted.

Lu Nanzhi and Xie Jingshan would show up whenever Elder Li was teaching, and they would always stare at me.

I arrived early to read books before class, and they also arrived early to read books. After class, I left aftertaste, and they did not leave. I went to the library, and they also went to the library. Whatever books I read, they rubbed them.

It must be trying to grab my pigtails and suppress me, it's too much of a bully!

Now I only need to get started with "Wu Tu Gong", and I will be able to fully learn "Five Elements Guizhen Gong", and then I will work hard to improve my cultivation.

If I, Jiang Yuebai, don't fight with a woman, Lu Nanzhi will let her go first. If you knock the mountain and shake the tiger, you must first put Xie Jingshan in a sack!

Grandpa's quotes: It is not too late for a gentleman to take revenge for ten years, but it is never too late for a villain to take revenge (the second half of the sentence is crossed out)

[Year of the Rat, October 31st, Yin]

Before Elder Li's class today, Lin Suiwan persuaded a disciple from the outside sect to bully us female nuns.

Lu Yinghu and I were injured, I was about to attack, Xie Jingshan blew up the old tree in the lecture hall with a fireball the size of his head, the outer disciple peed his pants, Lin Suwan fainted from fright.

I felt that I must have wrongly blamed Xie Jingshan before, he didn't target me, he was fined to face the wall in Yinfengjian, I can't add insult to injury again.

Cut it under the horse, let's wait until next spring.

And Lu Ying said that Xie Jingshan may have taken a fancy to her, so the hero saved the beauty.

I think...it's good for Lu Ying to be happy.

Feeling depressed today, I'm going to Shilipo to talk to Lantern Monster.

Grandpa was called to work again by Jia Wei, there was no quotation, only cough cough cough.

Note: When can I go to work in the field and help grandpa share a little?

[November 1st, reciting books in class, practicing calligraphy, putting on sacks, killing lantern monsters]

[November 2, reciting lessons, practicing calligraphy, putting on sacks, killing lantern monsters]

[November 3rd, reciting in class, practicing calligraphy, the lantern monster is gone, I want to eat sweet-scented osmanthus wine glutinous rice balls]

[Year of the Rat, November 4th, strong wind]

There is good news today, Master Guquan and Uncle Yu Qiuchi who went to fight against the Hanba returned victorious, the sect bell rang to reward them, and the whole sect was beaming with joy.

The restaurant also rewarded each of our handyman disciples with a steamed bun, Lingmai flour, wrapped in monster meat, delicious!

Those monsters were hunted by Uncle Yu himself on the road. Uncle Yu is really kind-hearted, kind-hearted and strong in force.

I told my grandfather that in the future, I will be like Uncle Yu, and if I succeed in cultivation, I will kill all the demons in the world and benefit the common people.

Let the catastrophe in my Jiangjia Village never happen again!

Grandpa's quotes: If you don't climb a high mountain, you don't know the height of the sky; if you don't face the deep stream, you don't know the depth of the earth.

Note: Today's quotations are a bit strange, I always feel that grandpa is scolding me.

[Year of the Rat, November 5th, Xiaoxue]

The good news was announced yesterday, and the funeral is announced today. Only then did I know what my grandfather said yesterday.

Uncle Yu and his party were five people, and Immortal Gu Quan led the team, but only Uncle Yu and Immortal Gu Quan came back.

Master Gu Quan was seriously injured, and he announced the good news yesterday because he was afraid of hurting the morale of the disciples of the sect, so he buried the dead disciples in the Meteor Valley behind the Yinfeng Stream today.

I can't go to Meteor Valley, so I can only go to Shilipo at night, burn some yellow paper for them, and thank them for avenging my parents and brothers.

If there is reincarnation in the underworld, looking forward to the return of the heroic soul, it will be Chun Fangfei.

In addition, I suddenly began to wonder, since it only takes more than ten days to kill Hanba from Tianyanzong to Lin'an County, why did Hanba cause disaster in Lin'an County for three years?

There is Zhenjun Yuanying on top of Daoist Jindan, why not send Zhenjun Yuanying to kill him? Must the Foundation Establishment disciples be sent to die?

I asked my grandfather, and my grandfather only said that I was still young when I first entered the Tao, and I would naturally understand when I built my foundation.

Grandpa's quotes: The ignorant have no fear, and the lawless have no sky.

Note: The law here is the law of the cultivation world, or the law of heaven?

【Year of the Rat, November 6th, Heavy Snow】

The temperature dropped sharply in the middle of the night, and it was too cold to meditate and practice. It felt as uncomfortable as being rushed into the body by the yin energy of a ghost lamp.

The snow was exceptionally heavy and earlier than in previous years.

All five exercises have been learned, but the operation of the Great Zhou is still not smooth.

I asked Elder Li after class yesterday, and I have already understood 80% of the rotation of the five elements. Elder Li told me to try to build a bridge of the rotation of the five elements in a place with abundant spiritual energy.

Because this belongs to enlightenment, the first comprehension will be favored by heaven, and a large amount of spiritual energy will enter the body to make the cultivation base skyrocket.

Grandpa also said that for the first time "Five Elements Guizhen Gong" connected to the Great Zhou, it would take a lot of five-element aura, and he said that he would take me to the practice room for retreat, and the rent for three low-grade spirit stones would be one day.

A piece of low-grade spirit stone can eat three meals of meat dishes in restaurants, and buy ten catties of spirit rice for twenty days.

Grandpa must be crazy, I won't go to the training room!

There are no quotations today, and if you don’t listen or listen, you can’t read the scriptures.

Attachment: crooked crooked bastard picture

【Year of the Rat, November 7th, heavy snow】

The practice room is so comfortable~


		