

"The old man has been in Huaxi Valley for thirty-nine years. I haven't seen any big wind and waves, and have I ever done something that I would not save? If you can trust the old man, let my white girl try it. If she really can't, the old man will do it herself Help you get through this."

Song Pei'er came over and patted Guo Zhen's shoulder. When it came to this, Guo Zhen had no choice but to tilt his head as acquiescence, but his eyes were the same as everyone else's, and he still couldn't believe that Jiang Yuebai could kill insects.

Song Pei'er looked at Jiang Yuebai deeply, and couldn't believe it either, but she was curious about Tao Fengnian's confidence in letting Jiang Yuebai try.

Tao Fengnian nodded, looked at Jiang Yuebai, but did not speak, but Jiang Yuebai shook his head like a rattle.

Tao Fengnian squatted down and looked at Jiang Yuebai at the same level, and said patiently, "Girl, grandpa knows that you are angry and is also worried about grandpa's health, but you have to know that there is no grudge in front of a catastrophe."

Jiang Yuebai's face was puffed up, her anger was still there, her eyes gradually deepened.

Recalling the time when the aunt who fled from disaster and fought with her mother every three days, when they were about to starve to death, she once divided up half of the land that was not enough for her own family to give them.

Mother was crying and stuffing sweet potatoes into the mouths of her and her younger brother. Without that mouthful of sweet potatoes, she might not have survived the night.

Thinking of this, Jiang Yuebai's cheeks shrank.

"Okay, I'll try."

Tao Fengnian brushed the snow off Jiang Yuebai's body in relief, "Just do your best, it's okay if you can't, and there's grandpa."

Jiang Yuebai nodded, rubbed his hands together, and squatted beside the frozen seedlings, ready to use the sharpness formula to kill insects.

"She has been in the valley for less than two months, and she can master the second-floor edge art? I don't believe it."

"I have been in the valley for more than a year, and the Yunyu Jue has just reached the second floor. This is the simplest of the five spells."

"That's right, I learned the Cao Mu Jue for almost two years before I reached the second floor door. The Edge Jue is even more difficult than the Cao Mu Jue."

"Lv Ying hasn't learned a single spell until now, she only broke through the first level of Qi training half a month ago, could it be that she started learning the sharpness from the womb?"

"If she knows the second-level edge art, I will eat all these ice beetles!"

Facing the questioning voices around, Jiang Yuebai pouted and frowned, couldn't hear, couldn't hear, what was the point of what grandpa just said?

It was snowing heavily, and people in Huaxi Valley gathered around the Lingtian.

The apprentices Lu Ying and Shi Xiaowu were small, and they squeezed through the crowd to the front, looking at Jiang Yuebai squatting next to the seedling for a moment.

Even Liu Dashan, who was removing insects not far away, stopped and looked over with Fang Zhong.

Fang Zhong was over sixty years old, and it took him three years to learn the Feng Mang Jue before reaching the second floor.

Liu Dashan was younger and more dull, relying on a lot of tenacity to practice continuously, after many years, he also took five years to reach the second floor.

In the past, Huaxi Valley was infested with insects, and everyone hired them and three other exterminators who were good at sharpness, and Tao Fengnian was rarely hired.

The second-level sharpness formula eliminates insects, and a piece of low-grade spirit stone per acre of land will cause slight damage to the seedlings, so it can be raised for a few days.

The third-level cutting edge formula does not harm the seedlings at all, but that is a different price.

The cold wind howled, Jiang Yuebai moved his stiff fingers, and after reviewing the main points, his eyes were fixed!

Su Bai's small hands were put together in front of his body, his fingers were stirring, his eyes were dazzled, and the golden light suddenly appeared, like a dream.

There was a moment of silence around, and everyone opened their eyes wide in shock, attracted by Jiang Yuebai's skillful fingering.

Song Peier loosened her tightly hugged arms and stood up straight. Guo Zhen opened his mouth slightly, dumbfounded.

Not far away, Fang Zhong and Liu Dashan's complexion changed drastically, and they squeezed in in a panic.

Hair-like golden threads interweave and twine between Jiang Yuebai's ten fingers, one lead and one pass, and three breaths make a trick!

"It really is the second-level sharpness formula, which is faster than mine!" Liu Dashan said in shock.

"It's also sharper than mine." Fang Zhong swallowed his saliva and said in a deep voice.

In the sky full of wind and snow, the golden light was so dazzling that everyone couldn't take their eyes off it, and it also made all the elementary school students her age turn red with envy and jealousy.

"Senior Sister Jiang is really amazing!" Shi Xiaowu praised excitedly.

"Liar!" Lu Ying became more and more angry.

Jiang Yuebai was concentrating all his attention, and the maturity and stability in his body was beyond the reach of other apprentices.

Geng Jin's sharpness was 10%, Jiang Yuebai pressed down with his fingers, and his fingertips touched the seedlings covered in ice.

Her consciousness was pulled into the green world in an instant, and before she could examine it carefully, the bone-chilling breath pierced her brain.

The green air is like smoke, dissipating on both sides.

She 'saw' a huge ice-blue ladybug like a water tank entrenched in front, opening and closing its jaws, constantly devouring the green energy around it.

Ice Beetle!

Seeing such a huge bug for the first time, Jiang Yuebai's heart trembled, and the edge almost faded away.

She stabilized her mind, and found that the originally slender edge had become much larger at this moment, like a long sword hanging high.

As soon as she thought about it, Geng Jin's sharp edge immediately slammed into the ice beetle.

Ding!

The sharp edge was shaken away by the hard shell of the ice beetle, and his consciousness was knocked out of the green world. Jiang Yuebai sat on the ground with a tingling pain in his head.

She failed!

There was silence all around, and no one expected this incident. She clearly successfully used the second-level edge art.

The seasoned Fang Zhong was the first to react, "Level 2 Edge Art is correct, but she is only practicing Qi Level 3, and has not yet cultivated spiritual consciousness, so she cannot stabilize the edge and split the ice beetle."

Liu Dashan nodded, "Yes, that's right, I almost forgot about this, the sharpness of the sharpness requires the sharpness of the mind to stabilize the sharpness, the cultivation of the mind starts from the fourth level of Qi training, and the seventh level of Qi training can show its power, she will follow a It's like a three-year-old child holding a magic weapon, and the second-level edge art can't exert much power."

Everyone suddenly realized, Guo Zhen's face sank like water, and he swallowed his dissatisfaction under Song Pei'er's gaze.

"The pest plague is so serious, it's fine if Tao Fengnian doesn't want to help, and it's just too much to waste everyone's time by relying on his status as a spiritual cultivator."

"Enough! Don't say a few words!" Song Peier glanced around angrily.

Not to mention anything else, Jiang Yuebai was able to practice the Edge Art to the second level in such a short period of time. This achievement destined her to be admitted as a spiritual cultivator much more likely than others.

Thinking of this, Song Pei'er's eyes brightened slightly.

Jiang Yuebai's face blushed, she clenched her fist and bit her lip, her eyes were full of stubbornness that refused to admit defeat.

"Get up and try again."

Tao Fengnian was under pressure, there was no trace of blame in his eyes, but still full of encouragement.

Jiang Yuebai took a breath and got up, wanting to win or lose, lowering her eyes in thought.

Tao Fengnian gave her the method of controlling things a long time ago, and she also knew that before the middle stage of Qi training, the untrained mind can only be called consciousness.

In the middle stage of qi training, the consciousness will be transformed into spiritual consciousness after undergoing the training of moving qi and transporting aura, and slowly combining with aura.

Only in this way can the objects be picked up and moved in the air, and when the consciousness is strong enough, the sea of ​​consciousness can be opened up in the later stage of Qi training, and the magic weapon can be controlled to prepare for the foundation building.

But there has never been a rule that says that if you practice the third level of qi, you cannot cultivate your spiritual consciousness and open up a sea of ​​consciousness!

Jiang Yuebai's head was covered with white snow, and she closed her eyes and recalled the scene just now.

Nervously, her palms were sweating, she wiped her hands on her waist, and when her fingers touched the handle of the hatchet across her waist, she had a flash of inspiration.

Activate the edge art again.

go!

Consciousness entered the green world, the ice beetle the size of a water tank was still entrenched in front, and there was a white mark on the ice-blue back, which was left by her just now.

This time Jiang Yuebai did not go on a rampage, and the sharp little sword gradually changed in her consciousness, turning into a short hatchet.

She is not good at spiritual consciousness, but she is very good at killing lantern monsters in Shilipo!

Jiang Yuebai maintained his edge, increased his spiritual power output, and used his edge to chop wood and knife, aiming at the weakest gap in the ice beetle's carapace and head.

If she doesn't have a solid sense of consciousness, then she won't go head-to-head with the ice beetle.

With the help of the strength of the edge itself, she used the knife method to find the weak point to overcome, which was nothing more than consuming more spiritual energy and time.

Pooh!

The sharp edge cut into the gap in the carapace, and the ice beetle trembled and did not fight back, speeding up the speed of swallowing the green energy.

Jiang Yuebai was overjoyed, the skill of chopping firewood was unparalleled, and Gengjin's sharp edge cut out the shadows of the knife.

boom!

With the last cut, the head of the ice beetle was chopped off by Jiang Yuebai's sharp hatchet.

[You used the sharpness formula to successfully kill the ice beetle using the woodcutter technique, and you are also a talent, the woodcutter technique proficiency +1]

The ice beetle burst suddenly, and the green energy escaped violently, Jiang Yuebai felt his head swell.

【You made a mistake and found a way to temper your spiritual consciousness】

Consciousness was shaken out, and Jiang Yuebai heard the crisp sound of the ice shell shattering.

On the seedlings under the finger, the ice shell shattered and fell off inch by inch, and the young leaves that had melted slowly stretched in the misty green air, and regained their vitality.

She did it!


		