

The moon sets and the stars sink, and the sky will be bright.

The red sun suddenly bloomed from the east, and the dark sky suddenly brightened.

[You draw qi into your body, after a night of perseverance, your aura is overflowing, your heart is full of blessings, your yin qi formula breaks through the limit]

[Congratulations, your practice realm has entered the first level of Qi training! 】

Open the wooden window, the mountain is full of red light, and it is blazing.

Jiang Yuebai took a deep breath of the morning mist, ah, it stinks!

She lowered her head to look at herself, her body was covered with mottled dirt and smelled bad, but her body was light and full of energy, she was clear-eyed, and her five senses were clear.

Jiang Yue smiled idiotically, her dark eyes were as bright as the sun.

After fetching water for scrubbing, the well water did not feel cold in the morning. I was out of breath when I picked up half a bucket of water with both hands, but today it is easy to fill the bucket with one hand.

Cleaned up, Jiang Yuebai was about to knock on the door of the north room to share the joy with Tao Fengnian, but saw him coming back from the courtyard, covered in mud and looking tired.

"Grandpa, did you not return overnight?"

Tao Fengnian looked at himself following Jiang Yuebai's gaze, smiled wryly, and the clean dust technique swept over him, giving him a completely new look.

"Hungry, let's cook."

"I'm not hungry, grandpa, please take a rest."

Jiang Yue quickly took away the hoe and bamboo hat from Tao Fengnian's hand, dragged him to sit down at the stone table, and graciously lit the pipe.

"Grandpa, look, I have made a breakthrough."

Tao Fengnian was startled before a puff of green smoke was exhaled, and suddenly realized what Jiang Yuebai said, his pupils trembled.

The cigarette rod fell to the ground, Tao Fengnian bounced off the stone bench, and stared at Jiang Yuebai for a long while.

His face was full of red light, and his aura was soaring to the sky.

"One day and two nights, just... a breakthrough?!"

How many surprises and frights does this little girl have to give him? She added Daoyun yesterday, could it be that she really became a five-spirit root with a root value of nine, and even if she didn't, it might not be much worse.

Everyone in the world says that the five spiritual roots are poor, but they ignore one point, that is, the aura affinity of the five spiritual roots with extremely high root value is several times higher than that of a single spiritual root. It takes a lot of time, but as long as you work hard, smoothing the gap is not easy. Disaster.

What's more, Wulinggen also has the advantages of a large amount of aura, complete attributes, and strong endurance. It's just that no one has ever had five spiritual roots with a value above seven, which makes Wulinggen fall behind.

Moreover, in Tao Fengnian's view, the five spiritual roots are only in the early stage of cultivation. Once the golden core is formed, and one begins to understand the rules of the heavenly way, it will be easier for monks with complete five elements to improve their cultivation than those monks with incomplete attributes.

This is also the reason why Lu Xingyun, the ancestor of the Tianyan Sect, was unknown before he formed the alchemy, but soared into the sky after he formed the alchemy.

Jiang Yuebai smiled brightly, "Grandpa, rest first, I'll tell Steward Hong right now, I'm no worse than those outer disciples!"

Excited, Jiang Yuebai turned around and ran.

"stop!"

boom!

The gust of wind brushed against her face and closed the courtyard door tightly. Jiang Yuebai stood in front of the door, turning her head in confusion.

Tao Fengnian's face sank like water, and the excitement in his eyes never retreated.

"Before the end of the month, you are not allowed to go anywhere, and you are not allowed to tell anyone about your breakthrough!"

"Why!" Jiang Yuebai stared.

Tao Fengnian pondered for a moment, with such qualifications, even a little sinister thought popped up in his heart.

"Yesterday you said that you once got golden melon seeds, but you almost died if you didn't keep them. Now, your breakthrough in one day and two nights will kill you just like that golden melon seeds."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes flickered, she was alert and transparent, it's not that she didn't understand what Tao Fengnian meant, but she just held her breath in her heart.

Sanyue in the mountains didn't dare to stop, she risked her life to get the token to ascend the immortal rank, but because of her poor aptitude, she was easily deprived of her opportunity.

At the eighty-first level of Wenxin Road, she left so many people behind, but because of her poor aptitude, she had to give up her status as an outer disciple.

Poor aptitude, poor aptitude, she just wants them to know that she is not bad!

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were flushed, filled with unwillingness and grievance, Tao Fengnian sighed quietly.

"The sun and the moon in the sky and the dust on the ground, which one do you want to be?"

Jiang Yuebai's pupils trembled slightly.

"I know you are dissatisfied and you want to prove yourself, but if you tell everyone at this moment, you are only gaining achievements from those who are not as good as you. This is meaningless and will only stop you from moving forward."

"It is very powerful to enter the Tao in one day and two nights, but do you know that some people enter the Tao in one night, some build a foundation in a hundred days, and there are also mortals who defy the destiny and soar in the daytime. In the vast world, outstanding people emerge one after another. What is your little achievement?"

When a basin of cold water was poured down, most of Jiang Yuebai's joy of breaking through disappeared, and she clenched and loosened her fists, but she was still unwilling.

"Flying with the cranes, all you can see is the sun, the moon and high mountains. You are in the company of flies and insects, and all the dust and mud are in your eyes. You should aim for the heights, not show off with the people behind you."

"But I just want to prove myself."

"Every man is innocent, but he is guilty of being pregnant. There are some things that you still can't understand due to your limited experience. If you believe me, just endure for half a month. After half a month, you will definitely understand."

"Put this talisman on your body, it can temporarily cover up the aura around you."

Tao Fengnian didn't say any more, left a yellow talisman on the stone table, picked up the cigarette stick and bowed his back, and went to the kitchen with exhaustion to light the fire and cook.

Jiang Yuebai was depressed, she couldn't figure it out, her ability was her own, not the golden melon seeds that could be taken away at any time, so how could she be guilty?

Could it be possible that someone could take away her body?

She was bored for three days, shutting herself up.

It wasn't until Tao Fengnian told her that twenty handyman boys of the same age as her were assigned to Huaxi Valley that she put down the acupoint meridian map and went out.

Following Tao Fengnian to the field, Jiang Yuebai saw a few older men and women talking to a few children by the side of the rice field.

It looks familiar, and it is true that he started with her.

"Eighty-one? It's really you!"

Jiang Yuebai turned her head when she heard the sound, and saw a girl who was slightly older than her and a boy walking over.

The girl looked shrewd, and she was familiar with it as soon as she came here: "We all thought you entered the outer door, but we didn't expect to see you here. Could it be that you are also here to be a spiritual cultivation apprentice?"

The boy looked dumb and honest, he just nodded and said nothing.

Jiang Yuebai asked suspiciously, "Why do you call me Eighty-one? Is it because... I ascended the immortal rank?"

The girl nodded, "That's right, you are famous. Everyone is watching what happened before you climbed the immortal rank. The worst five spirit root aptitude is the eighty-first rank, and you beat that young lady in the face. We Everyone feels happy."

Jiang Yuebai frowned, "My name is Jiang Yuebai."

"My name is Lu Ying, and his name is Shi Xiaowu. I'm currently apprenticed to Senior Sister Song Peier. I heard that Tao Fengnian and Song Peier have the highest cultivation in Huaxi Valley. Both of them have practiced Qi Dao Consummation. Not as good as Tao Lao, by the way, whose apprentice are you?"

Jiang Yuebai turned her head slightly and looked at Tao Fengnian who was working in the Lingtian.

Lu Ying was startled, "You have been Tao Lao's apprentice? I heard that he has been an apprentice for nearly 40 years, and he has never taken an apprentice. His family is rich. You are really lucky."

Shi Xiaowu nodded sullenly, with a bit of envy in his eyes.

Jiang Yuebai entered Huaxi Valley as soon as he started, unlike Lu Ying and Shi Xiaowu who have received introductory science, so they don't understand many things.

Lu Ying sized Jiang Yuebai up and down enviously and jealously, "How is your progress in drawing qi into your body? I already felt the aura last night."

Jiang Yuebai pressed the yellow talisman hidden in the skirt with a dejected expression, and shook his head.

Shi Xiaowu scratched his head angrily, "I haven't felt the spiritual energy yet, I fell asleep as soon as I meditated."

Lu Ying raised her eyebrows, "My Four Spiritual Roots are easier than your Five Spiritual Roots, there is still half a month left, so don't worry, if you don't understand anything, just ask me, we are all from the same school, I will definitely help you."

Shi Xiaowu said, "How can we not be in a hurry? I heard that among the three people who entered the inner sect, Lu Nanzhi entered the Tao in one night, Xie Jingshan in one day, and Shen Huaixi in one day and one night, but the most powerful one is not the three of them, but an outsider. The three spiritual roots of the door can enter the Tao in three days, which is more powerful than many single spiritual roots and double spiritual roots."

Jiang Yuebai opened his eyes in surprise. Steward Hong said that Xie Jingshan would be slower than Shen Huaixi if he had a high root value, but he ran in front of Shen Huaixi.

That means that he has good aptitude and is working hard. Thinking of this, Jiang Yuebai's sulkiness has eased a lot.

People with good qualifications don't slack off, so what's so unconvinced by her being so indifferent?

"The three spirit roots you're talking about are Xu Hu, the son of Orion, right?" Lu Ying asked.

Shi Xiaowu nodded, Jiang Yuebai's attention was drawn back,

Lu Ying suddenly looked around mysteriously, leaned closer to the two of them and whispered: "You don't know, Xu Hu lost his breath during his practice last night, and his dantian burst and died."

hum!

Jiang Yuebai's head was shaken, and the world suddenly spun.


		