

"After practicing "Aoki Kungfu" for so long before you can get started, do you still think that I can praise you? I don't expect you to be able to practice a second-level spell in one go, but are you going to work hard anyway? I think your teaching hall is very Don't go, waste of time!"

Lu Ying managed to get "Qingmu Gong" into the door today, and went to find Song Pei'er happily, but in the end she was reprimanded.

Jiangyue Baizhuyu is in front, even if she is the second person in Huaxi Valley to practice the method of success, no one will give her a word of praise and encouragement.

Lu Ying feels wronged in her heart, no one can know.

Going out alone to relax, just arrived at Taniguchi and saw Jiang Yuebai talking and laughing with Shi Xiaowu, Lu Ying was even more upset.

"Lu Ying, wait!"

Jiang Yuebai stepped forward and grabbed Lu Ying's sleeve, but she threw it away with a sullen face.

"I'm sorry!" Jiang Yuebai yelled to stop Lu Ying from leaving, "That day I hurt your heart by talking too badly, so I apologize to you."

Lu Ying paused, feeling an unspeakable soreness in her heart.

Jiang Yuebai took out a long wooden box and opened it, revealing the transparent and moist hosta inside, and a pleasant fragrance.

"I picked this specially for you. It is warm and fragrant, refreshing and eye-catching. I apologize to you. Please forgive me, okay?"

"Whoever wants your apology, I don't want your pity!"

Lu Ying slapped the wooden box in Jiang Yuebai's hand, and the jade hairpin flew out, hitting the stone beside the road and breaking into two pieces.

Jiang Yuebai clenched his fists tightly, and Shi Xiaowu stood in the distance biting the chicken leg with a terrified expression.

After a while, Jiang Yuebai laughed first, "It's okay if you don't like this hairpin, I still have some spirit stones, tell me what you want, and I'll buy it for you."

Lu Ying's eyes were flushed, "I want you to disappear, don't appear in front of me again!"

Jiang Yuebai was puzzled, "What did I do wrong that you hate me so much?"

"Yeah, I just hate you, I hate your pretentious charity, I pity me, show your greatness in front of me, let everyone compare you with me!"

"Aren't you?"

Jiang Yuebai asked coldly, Lu Ying trembled all over.

"That day I was the last in Huaxi Valley, and you were the first in Huaxi Valley. Why do you want to be friends with so many people? Don't you have dirty thoughts? Do you really think I'm stupid? Don't you just want to use me as a foil? Does your excellence set off your kindness?"

Lu Ying was intimidated by Jiang Yuebai's aura, and her heart trembled.

"You...you are capable, go and be friends with Lu Nanzhi and the others, do you think they can't think of you as a handyman!"

"You look down on me, do you think that everyone looks down on me? Grandpa is right. Others can accept my badness, and they can stand on a high ground and give me alms and pity me, but they can't see that I am half good. You are like this People, count me wrong about you!"

After finishing speaking, Jiang Yuebai turned and left, wiped his face with his big sleeves, determined.

Lu Ying stared at the broken jade hairpin on the ground, her face was pale and her body was cold.

"I'm not... I didn't..."

Lu Ying covered her face and wept bitterly.

Shi Xiaowu looked at Lu Ying and Jiang Yuebai who was going away, and stood there at a loss.

Jiang Yuebai was full of irritability and anger, and walked all the way back to the small courtyard, only to find that the courtyard door was wide open.

"Old Tao, are you disrespecting me, or are you not paying attention to my elder sister and Elder Lin? I only go out for a few days, and you have left my 20 acres of spiritual land in ruins?"

"Cough cough, it was a snow disaster cough cough cough, the old man is helpless!"

Jiang Yuebai stepped into the courtyard with a tremor in his heart, and saw Tao Fengnian pale and bloodless, sitting at the stone table holding his heart and breathing hard, Jia Wei folded his arms and looked sternly and aggressively.

"what are you doing!"

Jiang Yuebai rushed in front of Tao Fengnian, opened his arms to protect him, and glared at Jia Wei.

When we parted at noon, grandpa was still glowing red and full of energy. He looked like he was dying in half a day. Jia Wei must be bullying grandpa again.

"Bai girl, go back to the house!"

Tao Fengnian struggled to pull Jiang Yuebai, but she stubbornly stood where she was.

Jia Wei's eyes suddenly turned hard, "If you don't want to die, get out of here!"

"It's you who should get out! Asking grandpa to work for you every three days or so, you have nothing to do with this matter, besides, grandpa is the head of Huaxi Valley, you are just a handyman disciple, you hurt my grandpa because you will be punished by Zong punished!"

"Shut up!"

Snapped!

Tao Fengnian stood up, pulled Jiang Yuebai up and slapped him.

Jiang Yuebai was stunned on the spot with her head tilted, five fingerprints gradually turned red and swollen on her fair and tender face, her eyes were misty, she bit her lips tightly, tears rolled down.

Tao Fengnian's heart was like a knife being twisted, his whole body trembled, and the hand hanging by his side was as hot as a soldering iron.

Jia Wei sneered, "If the child is disobedient, he must deal with it properly, so as not to offend others outside, and he will not know how he will die when the time comes."

Tao Fengnian twitched the corners of his mouth, covering Jiang Yuebai with half of his body.

"This girl is spoiled by me so much. Brother Jia allows me to rest for a while. I will recultivate your twenty acres of land within three days and plant new spiritual plants."

Jiang Yuebai raised her head abruptly, tears fell, and looked at Tao Fengnian with puzzled eyes.

Tao Fengnian didn't look at her, only at Jia Wei.

Jia Wei swept the non-existent dust on his body, and said dissatisfiedly: "Three days is too long, you are always a spiritual cultivator, two days is enough, I happen to have some elixir seeds, but it is difficult to serve them carefully, you Plant them together."

Tao Fengnian had a hunched back and was depressed, "Okay, two days will be two days."

Only then did Jia Wei show a satisfied expression, and casually threw a pack of elixir seeds at Tao Fengnian's feet.

Before leaving, he took another deep look at Jiang Yuebai.

"Little girl, I heard that you are Lin Suwan's servant girl, but you are eloquent. My elder sister is short of someone to serve you. Would you like me to praise you?"

Jiang Yuebai stared at him without fear, but was blocked by Tao Fengnian, begging with a trembling voice.

"This girl has signed a contract with me and is registered in the sect. Before her apprenticeship expires, I'm afraid it will be inconvenient to transfer."

Jia Wei seemed to be smiling but not smiling, meaning something.

"That's a pity, but you probably won't last until the end of her apprenticeship with this contract."

After finishing speaking, Jia Weiyao left in a mighty manner, and Tao Fengnian collapsed on the ground, coughing violently.

"Grandpa!" Jiang Yuebai hurriedly checked Tao Fengnian's condition.

"Girl, you shouldn't talk too much just now, that Jia Wei is a villain, what did you do to offend him!"

Jiang Yuebai refused to accept it, "Then let him bully you at will? Twenty acres of land will be reclaimed and sowed within two days. He clearly wants grandpa's life!"

Tao Fengnian couldn't stop smiling wryly. Seeing Jiang Yuebai's slap on his face, he trembled in pain, "Good girl, did grandpa hurt you?"

Jiang Yuebai shook his head, "Grandpa, let's go to Senior Brother Hong and explain the matter. There is always a way. If you manipulate Jia Wei like this, he will never stop."

"You don't understand, you are still young and you don't understand cough cough cough cough cough."

Tao Fengnian shook his head frequently, Jiang Yuebai held his breath in his heart, he couldn't figure out what his grandfather was afraid of, that day he defeated the demon wolf with one enemy and two, he was obviously brave and invincible, why couldn't he deal with Jia Wei who was at the ninth level of Qi training!

Jiang Yuebai couldn't persuade Tao Fengnian, seeing that he insisted on going out after resting for a while, she could only hate him for following him, even if he could help him share a little.

For two days in a row, the grandfather and grandson were busy in the fields, Jiang Yuebai was sullen and didn't speak, just immersed himself in his work.

After all the elixir was planted and he returned to the small courtyard to freshen up, Tao Fengnian was about to apologize to Jiang Yuebai, but Jiang Yuebai packed his things and left silently.

"Are you going to the lecture hall? Grandpa will send you there."

"No, grandpa, let's rest."

Jiang Yue left without looking back, while Tao Fengnian sat in the courtyard smoking a cigarette, feeling lonely all over his body.

He is not helpless, but he does not want to risk his life, he wants to live.

As the sun set and the moon rose, Tao Fengnian never waited for Jiang Yuebai to come back, he paced back and forth from the small courtyard to the valley entrance, but the little girl who should have come back a long time ago was nowhere to be seen.

Tao Fengnian thought for a while, and suddenly his expression changed drastically!


		