

In the training room, the lights and shadows of the Spirit Gathering Formation flickered, and Jiang Yuebai sat cross-legged.

In the dantian, the five-color cyclone is slowly rotating, the size is about the same, and the speed is the same. She has adjusted it to the best state.

The next step is the most important step, going through the Five Elements Bridge.

In "Five Elements Guizhen Gong", there is no step of penetrating the Five Elements Bridge. It is necessary to transform the five elements in each Qi movement, which is somewhat time-consuming and laborious.

Listening to Li Jiuchuan's lectures in the past half month, Jiang Yuebai's understanding of the rotation of the five elements has become more and more profound, and he has also asked Li Jiuchuan for advice many times, and at Li Jiuchuan's suggestion, he decided on this once-and-for-all method.

According to what Li Jiuchuan said, Yuanying monks can transform the five elements out of emptiness, while Qi training monks need to use the spiritual roots of the five elements to penetrate the Five Elements Bridge, so that the five elements' spiritual energy can circulate in the dantian and run naturally.

If she succeeds, she will not need to transform the five elements in the future, which is equivalent to erasing the most difficult step in the "Five Elements Guizhen Gong", which can save five times the time and increase the efficiency by five times.

Li Jiuchuan's comprehension is extremely high. When he was building the foundation, he understood the five-element cycle method from the corresponding movement of the five elements in nature, and penetrated the five-element bridge.

Jiang Yuebai was taught by him, stayed in the training room for three days, and realized the five elements of nature.

The cool air on the bright heart hairpin poured into his brain, Jiang Yuebai calmed down and muttered.

When wood makes fire, burning wood produces ashes, and ashes are both soil. Gather soil to form a mountain, the mountain must be feldspar, and the homeland produces gold.

Selling gold is also water, and mountains and rocks are moistened, so gold produces water. Water grows vegetation, so water grows wood.

The way of the five elements exists in nature, and the heaven and earth run without intervention.

Once you are enlightened, your thoughts are clear, and Taoism is self-contained!

hum!

Jiang Yuebai's sea of ​​consciousness buzzed, and the mysterious and mysterious way squeezed towards the dantian from the outside to the inside.

She 'saw' the Five Elements Cyclone speeding up suddenly, and the aura of the Wooden Cyclone condensed into filaments, rushing into the Fire Cyclone.

The fire whirls vigorously, scorching hot and heartburning, and the fire gas gushes out and injects into the earth whirl.

The earth spins thick and thick, and then enters the gold spin, and the gold spin is sharp, and then enters the water spin.

Metal generates water and vapor, the five elements connect, and the revolving bridge is formed!

boom!

The five-element cyclone radiates brightly, bridges and connects with each other, and is arranged in a pentagonal shape in Jiang Yuebai's dantian and rotates at the same speed.

The five spirals are like stars, reflecting each other.

As soon as she thought about it, the aura didn't need to be transformed, it went out from the dantian, entered the internal organs, meridians, skin and bones.

As the gust of wind swirled, the pressure of the spirit-gathering array doubled and it operated at full speed.

Jiang Yuebai's dantian is like a black hole, frantically absorbing the spiritual energy of the five elements in the training room.

When the severe pain hit, Jiang Yuebai frowned, gritted her teeth and endured, following the Qi circulation route in "Five Elements Guizhen Gong", guiding the five elements' aura to swim all over her body.

The spiritual energy cleanses the meridians, forges the flesh and bones, the meridians are stretched and expanded forcibly, and the bones of the body grow rapidly with crackling sounds.

[The predecessors planted trees, and the descendants took advantage of the shade. You initially comprehend the movement of the five elements of heaven and earth, pass through the five elements bridge, the avenue favors you, and your aura soars]

[Congratulations, your cultivation realm has directly ascended to the second level of Qi training]

[You start to exercise, the five-element aura will rotate naturally, the meridians will be widened, the residual impurities in the body will be cleared, and the proficiency of the five-element return to true power +10]

[You start to exercise, the meridians are unobstructed, the flow of qi is unimpeded, and the proficiency of the five elements returning to true skills +20]

[When you start to exercise, it's like opening up, the proficiency of the five elements returning to true skills +30]

[...Five Elements Guizhen Gong proficiency +40]

[...Five Elements Guizhen Gong proficiency +50]

Jiang Yuebai's cultivation base was rising steadily, and she had accumulated a lot of strength. This feeling made her feel comfortable and immersed in it, unable to extricate herself.

After two hours like this.

[Congratulations, your cultivation realm has been raised to the third level of Qi training]

At this time, the feeling of restlessness and itching all over the body came violently when I was meditating.

An inexplicable obstacle caused her smooth and silky Qi flow to disappear.

"Yue'er..."

"Sister..."

"Bitch!"

"What's in the jade slip in your hand?"

The faces of his father, mother and brother, Lin Suwan and Lu Nanzhi flashed in his mind, Jiang Yuebai was in a state of confusion, his breath was suddenly interrupted, his chest was hit hard, and he tilted his head to spurt blood.

[You are not greedy enough, you are exhausted, and you are hurting yourself with desire, girl, do you want to ascend in one day? 】

"Cough cough, cough cough!"

Jiang Yuebai coughed violently, her breath was chaotic, and it was difficult to calm down.

"Grandpa said it's too late, I'm greedy."

Wiping off the blood at the corner of his mouth, Jiang Yuebai calmed down, and found that he was covered in dirt, mottled and smelly, and his sleeves and trouser legs were more than three inches short.

She stretched her muscles and bones and crackled all over.

With a thought, the Dust Purification Technique swept over, and the whole body was completely new, and the clothes fit well.

Jiang Yuebai clearly felt the changes in herself. In the past, the meridians were as thin as embroidered shoes, but now they are as thick as chopsticks.

The body is lighter and stronger, full of vigor, how much it has been improved, and you will know when you go back to the Lantern Monster and try it.

She took out the hatchet, her fingers were flying, and the sharpness was sharp!

Three breaths form a formula, and the golden glow is like a cone.

go!

Pressing down with his fingers, the sharp edge is nailed into the hatchet, and the runes on it are bright.

"It's a breath faster than the original formula, and the power of the edge is also three times stronger. Let's try again how many times we can use the edge formula in one breath."

Jiang Yuebai's ten fingers stirred, and the golden light jumped from the fingertips, getting faster and stronger, pouring into the hatchet one after another.

Jiang Yuebai didn't stop until the fifteenth time.

In the dantian, the light of the Jinxingling cyclone was dim, and it was squeezed out. Only the Jinlingqi was used, and it was used five times more than before.

At this moment, the other four spins spin at a faster speed, transforming aura on their own to supplement the consumption of the golden spin, and slowly return to balance.

If she squeezes herself to the extreme, she can use it four or fifteen times.

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were fiery, Li Jiuchuan was right, Wulinggen was only stronger than Shanlinggen, she really did it!

In the past, the aura in the golden root could only be used as a golden spell, but now she removed the restriction, and the aura in the other four spiritual roots could also be transformed into golden aura.

Really five times stronger!

"Originally, it took one hundred days for the Edge Art to reach the peak of the second floor, but now if I practice it non-stop every day, wouldn't it only take twenty days?"

Jiang Yuebai was very excited, but quickly calmed down again.

With her current cultivation base, it will take about a quarter of an hour to reach the new balance of the five elements when the golden aura is used up. If her cultivation base is improved in the future, the amount of aura will be larger, and it will take longer.

To shorten this time, she still needs to continue to comprehend the deeper ways of the five elements, the deeper the comprehension, the faster the transformation.

[Chaos divides yin and yang, yin and yang transform the five elements, the five elements produce all things, and all things are in the world]

What Li Jiuchuan said is right, the five elements are the great way, and she just opened a small gap in the door of this great way at this moment, and she still needs to continue to work hard in the future.

Glancing at the hourglass in the training room, it was half an hour before the end of the third day.

"Leave in half an hour, let me see now, how to arrange the training plan next."

【Name】Jiang Yuebai

【Spiritual Root】Five Elements Spiritual Root

【Boundary】Three layers of Qi training

【Gongfa】

Five Elements Returning to True Kung Fu and Qi Training (Third Floor: 1/1000)

【Spell】

Edge Jue (2nd Floor: 58/1000)

Grass Art (one layer: 5/100)

Cloud and Rain Jue (one layer: 13/100)

Red Flame Art (one layer: 5/100)

Earthquake (one layer: 5/100)

【martial arts】

Chasing stars (small success: 385/1000)

Wood chopping knife method (small success: 410/1000)

"Grandpa doesn't know how to shake the earth and the grass and trees, so I will focus on the sharpness, the earth shaking and the grass and trees."

In addition to training, we must try our best to improve the level of these three spells, and strive to reach the fourth level as soon as possible, and be admitted as a spiritual cultivator to share the burden for grandpa.

In addition, she plans to learn how to make talismans, so she can earn spirit stones to support her grandfather.

I just don't know if her entire net worth is enough to buy talisman pens, talisman paper and talisman sand with 15 spirit stones.

Originally, there were only ten spirit stones, but she couldn't use the five Qi-entraining pills, so she sold them to Shi Xiaowu, who was also an apprentice in Huaxi Valley, and exchanged five spirit stones.

And this damn training room is too expensive!

But I have to say that there is really enough aura here, otherwise she might not be able to rush to the third level of Qi training in one fell swoop if she didn't have enough aura when she suddenly realized just now.

This time, he spent spirit stones for money, and got Li Jiuchuan's advice as his partner, "Five Elements Guizhen Gong" as his method, and his practice room as his ground.

Practicing the four elements of wealth and companionship is really indispensable!


		