

Ten days are fleeting.

"Stop, you bunch of stinky ghost lamps, come again if you have the ability, try to beat me up!"

Outside the Yinfengjian, on the ten-mile slope.

The girl in gray was holding a machete, running like the wind, and suddenly stepped on the grass and flew up, slashing at the fleeing ghost lamps in front of her!

The golden glow suddenly appeared, and the phosphorus fire burst.

The power accumulated in the thirty-three sharpness tactics exploded suddenly, and the vast group of ghost lanterns disappeared in the golden light in an instant, and the remaining few lost their lantern shapes in fright, and ran away with their lives.

[You use star-chasing steps to drive away ghost lights. After a period of use, your understanding of footwork suddenly becomes clear, and star-chasing steps proficiency +5]

[Congratulations, your star chasing step has been promoted to Xiaocheng realm]

[You use the chopping knife method to kill the ghost lamp group. After a period of use, your understanding of the knife technique suddenly becomes clear, and the proficiency of the chopping knife technique +5]

[Congratulations, your chopping knife technique has been promoted to Xiaocheng realm]

Jiang Yuebai stood up with the knife in his hand and exhaled, "Finally broke through. Finally, the work was not in vain. After all, the breakthrough is the fastest in actual combat."

【martial arts】

Star Chasing Step (Small Success: 1/1000)

Woodcutter method (small success: 1/1000)

Grandpa said that if you have a small success in martial arts, as long as you don't encounter the late stage of Qi training, you don't go head-to-head with monks' spells and talismans, and you can escape your life with a few moves against others.

If she catches him by surprise and wins, it is not impossible.

In the early and mid-term, qi-training monks mainly use the method of promoting qi to broaden the meridians and accumulate aura to temper their bodies. Apart from mastering some small spells and using talismans, they are not much different from ordinary martial arts.

Only in the late stage of Qi training, when the body is strong, the power of the mind is first seen, and the ability to control the powerful magic weapon, is it truly powerful and difficult to deal with.

Jiang Yuebai rubbed her nose and looked up.

All within the four fields are clear, and there is no more shadow of fire.

"A bunch of cowards!"

Spitting secretly, Jiang Yuebai shouldered the hatchet and left Shilipo with arrogant steps.

Tomorrow is the last day of the January deadline, and she has to go to the Zongmen's Miscellaneous Hall to report her cultivation level. Let's let this group of ghost lanterns go for now, and come back next time.

The ghost lamp's speed is strong when it is strong, and although its attack power is weak, it is still the best choice for practicing martial arts and spells.

As soon as Jiang Yuebai left, faint green lights emerged from all over the ten-mile slope, like frightened birds.

They never dreamed that in just ten days, the situation suddenly turned around.

The little girl who was surrounded by them and cried is now chasing them fiercely all over the mountain.


Light rain in early autumn, smoke locks the pond.

Jiang Yuebai went out on a boat out of the mountains, and rushed home before dawn.

"Xiaobai, what are you doing here?"

Jiang Yuebai turned her head when she heard the sound, and saw Lu Ying standing pretty at the gate of her courtyard, carrying a wooden bucket to fetch water from the stream.

"Going to practice." Jiang Yuebai said casually.

Lu Ying raised her eyebrows, looked at Jiang Yuebai carefully, and found that her body was full of spiritual light, her eyes lit up, "You broke through?!"

Jiang Yuebai nodded, she had just removed the talisman that concealed the aura, and from today onwards, she no longer had to hide her cultivation.

"Thank God, you finally made it to the last day's deadline. I thought I would see you off today. But you're a little behind. I'm about to get started with "Aoki Kungfu". , remember to ask me."

Jiang Yuebai nodded with a smile, and hurried home.

After washing up, he took advantage of the dawn of the Golden Crow to meditate and practice.

After waking up for a week, Jiang Yuebai found that Tao Fengnian hadn't returned home yet, and he had been busy all night.

But what he was busy with was not the work in his own field, but the harvesting, breeding and sowing of the 20 acres of spiritual land of Jia Wei, the bully in the valley.

Jia Wei claimed that the Lingtian belonged to him, but Tao Fengnian was actually planting it, but when it was finally harvested, Jia Wei didn't even have a half-cent to thank him, so he justified himself and complained that the yield was not as good as last season.

Jiang Yuebai was indignant, Tao Fengnian swallowed his anger.

It's just because he offended Lin Xiangtian, the alchemy elder, and Jia Wei's sister is Lin Xiangtian's unnamed Taoist companion, who has already established a foundation.

Lin Suiwan, Lin Xiangtian, the Lin family has a nest of snakes and rats, and there is no good person!

The Lingmi was steaming in the pot, and there was a coughing sound from outside the courtyard. Jiang Yuebai wiped her hands and walked out of the kitchen, looking at Tao Fengnian with distressed eyes and a tired face.

"Cough cough, cough cough cough."

The dew was heavy in autumn, and Tao Fengnian coughed violently and kept beating his sore back.

"Grandpa, your cough is getting worse recently, do you want to see a doctor?" Qiu Yuebai took the hoe and bamboo hat, and pushed Tao Fengnian to sit down.

Tao Fengnian heaved a sigh of relief, "Grandpa has completed Qi training and is immune to all diseases, but he is a little old."

"Grandpa isn't old. It's that Jia Wei who made grandpa work so hard. Grandpa, you rest, I'll cook."

Tao Fengnian nodded, and when Jiang Yuebai entered the kitchen, he secretly took out the cigarette stick, and before he lit it, he listened to drink.

"No smoking rods, you're still coughing!"

Jiang Yuebai ran out, fiercely snatching the cigarette stick from Tao Fengnian's hand.

Tao Fengnian smacked his lips, laughed and shook his head.

During the breakfast, Jiang Yuebai sat upright, chewing slowly, no longer the wolf-eating and uneducated appearance of a month ago.

These days, she is nourishing her spiritual energy, eating herling rice, her skin is fair and tender after washing her essence, and her already delicate facial features are even more lively and plump, especially her almond eyes, which are shining with stars and smiles.

The sufferings of the world, she has also gone through the impermanence of the world, Tao Fengnian really doesn't know what she is doing silly every day, and she doesn't know what she has experienced. He still thinks that she grew up carefree and prosperous.

The more bitter the heart, the sweeter the face, that's what she said.

Tao Fengnian looked at it, and suddenly became worried, such a good-looking, sweet-talking, clever and clever boy, he must not be deceived by some brat in the future, otherwise he will crawl out of the grave.

"Grandpa, are you full? I'll collect the dishes and wash the dishes. You can continue to rest."

Jiang Yuebai stood up to put away the bowl, Tao Fengnian saw her fingers were bruised and her wrists and ankles were wrapped in cloth, his heart ached unbearably.

She has never slackened in her hard work every day, she has been scarred all over her body, and she has never yelled hard. These days, she still takes care of him as an old man. How can such a good child not make people feel distressed.

"Are you going to the Miscellaneous Hall to report your cultivation level today?"

"Well, today is the last day of the January period. If I don't go, I will be expelled from the sect."

"The Miscellaneous Hall is under Tianman Peak, some distance away from Huaxi Valley. After you clean it up, Grandpa will send you there."

Jiang Yuebai paused when she cleaned up the dishes, "Grandpa, rest, I'll ask Lu Ying to take me there."

"She still has to take you for half a day. Don't you always want to fly? Grandpa will take you."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up, "Really? Aren't handyman disciples not allowed to fly in the sky in the sect?"

Tao Fengnian straightened his back, "Grandpa is a spiritual cultivator, and his status is equivalent to that of an outer disciple, so he can naturally control the sky."

Jiang Yue stared at the white eyes, and a picture of riding the wind with a sword, chasing clouds and cranes, and soaring across the sky and earth immediately appeared in her mind.

only……

Squeak - ah!

Squeak - ah!

Among the forests in the mountains, paper cranes soar into the sky.

The bamboo and the paper rubbed against each other, making an overwhelmed sound.

Jiang Yuebai sat cross-legged behind Tao Fengnian, clutching his sleeves tightly, looking at the paper crane under the seat that was made of bamboo branches, covered with yellow paper, and painted with cinnabar runes.

Raw grass clippings and paste traces can be seen everywhere, scribbled like a three-year-old child glued together, wobbly, flying high and low against the top of the tree.

Jiang Yuebai always felt that the paper crane would fall apart at any moment.

Whoosh!

A ray of sword light pierced the sky, Jiang Yuebai raised his head and saw a handsome man standing with his feet on a flying sword and his hands behind his back, his clothes fluttering, looking so chic.

There was another crane cry, Qing Leng female cultivator sat cross-legged on the crane's back, young cranes followed her left and right, wandering freely among the clouds.

The crane feathers are white and soft, and they look very comfortable.

Squeak - ah!

Squeak - ah!

"Ahem," Tao Feng's old man blushed slightly, "Old man... I also had a flying sword back then, but I sold it when I was short of money."

Jiang Yuebai pursed her lips, "This paper crane is pretty good and stable. Grandpa, can you fly higher? The scenery above must be better."

Tao Fengnian coughed twice again, "Restricted by the sect's regulations, outer sect disciples cannot fly higher than the main peak, Tiangang Peak, and grandpa's paper crane...it's a bit old, so maybe...can't fly up."

Jiang Yuebai's face collapsed, "Okay, grandpa, be careful, don't hit the tree."

Tao Fengnian glanced at Jiang Yuebai from the corner of his eye, "You work hard, and when you pass the exam as a spiritual cultivator, grandpa will forge a flying sword for you."

Jiang Yuebai raised her head, and her frustration disappeared, "Okay, grandpa, don't lie."

Tao Fengnian laughed and said, "When did Grandpa lie to you? Tianman Peak is coming soon. In addition to reporting your cultivation level today, you also have to go to the library to choose a kung fu."

"There are also lecture halls and housekeeping halls to familiarize yourself with. In the future, you can choose the classes you are interested in and listen to them. If you have time, you can collect tasks and earn contribution points. You are busy today."

The paper crane suddenly accelerated and galloped towards the majestic Tianman Peak.

The road ahead is unknown, Jiang Yuebai feels uneasy...


		