

The quiet night is heavy and full of light and mist.

In the quiet small courtyard, Jiang Yuebai was sitting on a ponytail, holding a jade slip between his eyebrows to read the exercises.

Tao Fengnian sat behind her, soaked a comb in water, and combed her frizzy long hair little by little.

Jiang Yuebai's head was thrown up and down, but her mind was completely immersed in the jade slips.

Gengjin, Yimu, Guishui, Binghuo, and Wutu, there are five exercises in total.

The way of the five elements can correspond to the internal organs of the body and the five sense organs.

As well as the five emotions and five sounds, five seasons and five tastes, five colors and five sounds, five qi and five directions, there is the Dao of Qian and Kun in it.

As described in "Five Elements Guizhen Gong (Qi Practice)", it is a method of tempering the internal organs and the five sense organs by carrying the spiritual energy of the five elements.

When practicing alone, each exercise can form a small cycle by itself.

When practicing together, you must first introduce the five exercises separately to form a five-element cyclone like the Gengjin cyclone.

Then connect the five small circles to form the big circle, and one cycle can travel all over the body.

Nourishes viscera, tempers bones and blood, polishes tendons and skin, purifies five senses.

It is not difficult for Jiang Yuebai to learn the five exercises individually, as long as he remembers the positions of the acupoints and meridians, and patiently induces qi to perform the exercises.

The difficulty lies in the mutual generation and transformation of the five elements. For example, the aura of metal elements nourishes the lungs, and the qi exits from the lungs. When it enters the kidneys, it needs to transform the aura of metal elements into aura of water. The same is true for other places. Only in this way can a large cycle be completed.

Although this skill was difficult, it made Jiang Yuebai's heart surge.

According to the general outline of the exercises, once you understand the mutual generation and transformation of the five elements and use them skillfully, you can instantly transform the aura of different attributes into the required attributes.

In this way, when she lacks the aura of the gold element, she can completely transform the other four elements into gold. Wouldn't the five spiritual roots be the same as the single spiritual root, and it is also five times stronger than the single spiritual root.

This exercise is more time-consuming and labor-intensive than other exercises when running a big cycle, but the results obtained are extremely attractive.

It is the mutual generation and transformation of the five elements, and she can't get it right.

Fortunately, Tao Fengnian has already helped her consider the difficulties and changed the "Five Elements Rotation Method".

There are many tricks and methods for transforming the five elements, and there are also profound and simple explanations of the way of the five elements.

Jiang Yuebai believed that as long as she studied hard and tried a lot, she would always be able to realize the method that suits her.

Tomorrow, there seems to be a class on the Five Elements in the Lecture Hall, so Jiang Yuebai hurriedly found out the lecture list.

[Si Shi Mo, Li Jiuchuan, the elder of Wanfa Hall, the first explanation of the Five Elements Shengke]

Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up, it was an elder who was giving a lecture, not a disciple of the inner sect who established the foundation.

And "Five Elements Rotation Method" was written by Li Jiuchuan!

Jiang Yuebai decided to read all the "Five Elements Rotation Method" quickly at night, and try to recite the whole text, so as not to understand in class tomorrow.

I have to arrive early tomorrow, and it is a rare opportunity to ask Elder Li for a few words before the class starts.

"Tomorrow is Elder Li's lecture, so you should go and listen carefully."

Jiang Yuebai turned her head and was held down by Tao Fengnian, who tied a red rope around her head.

"Wanfa Hall is the place where the Tianyan Sect specializes in researching various ways and bringing forth the new from the old. Elder Li is also a five-spirit root. Back then, he even rushed to the top of the combat power list in one fell swoop. Ordinary monks built the foundation to form the alchemy for at least 50 years." , It only took him thirty years from foundation establishment to alchemy formation, and the alchemy has become a first-grade one, which is unbelievable."

"At that time, he was also a very popular figure in the sect. It was said that he would become Lu Xingyun's second. The Supreme Elder also wanted to accept disciples, but something happened, and he suddenly fell silent. It is said that he has no hope of conceiving a baby. , so he stayed in Wanfa Hall to study the way of the Five Elements."

"He has always advocated that the Wulinggen is the real Tianlinggen in the sect. Over the years, he has taught many Wulinggen disciples to build foundations. Unfortunately, none of them can reach the golden core like him. Well, let's see how Sample."

Tao Fengnian handed over a gossip bronze mirror, which reflected Jiang Yuebai's double bun on her head. Yuxue was cute, like a boy under the Taoist ancestor's seat.

"Why is it a double bun? My mother said that when a girl is out alone, it's best to dress up like a boy to be safe." Jiang Yuebai pouted.

Tao Fengnian said, "There is no difference between men and women in the cultivation world, so you don't have to worry about it."

"Really?" Jiang Yuebai's eyes were burning.

Tao Fengnian nodded, "That's true, it's just that monks come from the mortal world, and there are always people with the mortal concept that men are superior to women and can't be changed for a while. Yunguo is not bad, there are also female officials and generals in the court, Cangguo is pedantic, and women are not allowed Show your face."

"But in the realm of comprehension, the higher the level of cultivation, the less important the difference between men and women. It only depends on strength. This is the case with Lu Xingyun, the patriarch of the Tianyan Sect. Zhufeng Jianjun has been in love with Lu Xingyun for three thousand years, and even changed his title to Zhuyun."

"Junyun Jianjun even said that he is willing to serve Lu Xingyun as a servant. No one in the cultivation world will criticize his remarks, but because Lu Xingyun is so powerful, everyone admires him. Being a servant is also an honor."

Jiang Yuebai's face was full of interest, "Then what happened later? Have Lu Xingyun and Zhuyun Jianjun achieved a positive result?"

Tao Fengnian said with a smile, "Junyun Jianjun Luohua has intentions, while Lu Xingyun is ruthless in flowing water. She is dedicated to pursuing the Dao, and has no thoughts of love in her heart."

Jiang Yuebai nodded excitedly, "I want to be like the founder of Tianyan Sect, and only seek the Dao!"

Tao Fengnian's eyes brightened slightly, and he quickly agreed, "It should be so, but Grandpa told you this because I hope you don't underestimate yourself because of your gender, and that you don't wear double buns because you don't like it, not because you are afraid that others will find out that you are a girl. .”

Jiang Yuebai looked at himself in the mirror again, "It's not good-looking, like a bull's horn, moo~~"

"Haha, you girl, please, please, grandpa will change it into a bun for you."

After some re-trimming, the bun on Jiang Yuebai's head was clean and refreshing. Tao Fengnian took out a simple wooden hairpin and put it in the bun for her.

The cool air leaked out from the wooden hairpin, making Jiang Yue Baishen clear and bright.

"This is a hairpin with a bright heart. I hope you will see your nature clearly in the future, and be unreserved."

Jiang Yuebai touched the wooden hairpin on her head, and saw that she kept her true heart, was modest and prudent and not arrogant. She liked the implication very much and would remember this sentence.

Early the next morning, Tao Fengnian personally drove the paper crane to send Jiang Yuebai to the foot of Tianman Peak, nagging along the way.

Thousands of reminders, so that she must never tell others her root value and breakthrough time, and be careful when asked about it.

As soon as the paper crane landed, Jiang Yuebai ran away without looking back, just waved her hand casually, telling Tao Fengnian to finish her sentence, and forgot to bring the rice balls prepared for her.

But the few talismans he had prepared did not fall.

"Grandpa is here to pick you up after class."

Tao Fengnian yelled without giving up, and the only response was the echo of the empty valley and secluded forest. He grasped the rice ball in a sense of loss, feeling empty in his heart.

Back in Huaxi Valley, I met Song Peier and Lu Ying.

Seeing Tao Fengnian's distraught appearance, Song Pei'er knew that he was going to send Jiang Yuebai to class early in the morning, so she made a joke.

"Mr. Tao, why did you bring an apprentice here? You obviously raised a granddaughter, who taught her wholeheartedly, not to mention picking her up and sending her off personally. How can there be an apprentice who never goes to work in the field?"

Tao Fengnian looked worried, and said softly, "She is my granddaughter!"

After finishing speaking, he turned away and left without showing mercy.

Song Pei'er let out a sneer, and looked down to see her apprentice Lu Ying stretching her neck to look in the direction of Tianman Peak, her eyes full of envy.

"You also want to go to the lecture hall?"

Lu Ying twisted her clothes and nodded timidly.

Song Pei'er rolled her winking eyes, "Then go by yourself, I won't see you off, the field is busy."

Lu Ying was overjoyed and ran out of the valley.


		