

Under Tianman Peak, pavilions, terraces and pavilions are built along the mountain, stretching into stretches like a small town.

Tao Fengnian personally took Jiang Yuebai into the handyman's hall. The inside was overcrowded, all of them were children half the same age as Jiang Yuebai, holding up the handyman's badge to report and register noisily.

The five disciples in charge were so busy that they shouted hoarsely.

"Don't rush or squeeze, I will definitely register you all today."

Jiang Yuebai blinked. She didn't expect so many people to register and report on the last day. Could it be that they all broke through to the first level of Qi training today?

Jiang Yuebai stood on tiptoe and looked around. She still had the impression that some of the children had the qualifications of the Five Spirit Roots. There were only a few of the Four Spirit Roots, and they were all disciples of handymen.

It seems that the one-month limit can still force everyone to forge ahead.

A familiar girl came into view. She was dark and Jiang Yuebai didn't know her name. She was behind her on the immortal steps, so she was very impressive.

She is obviously a three-spirit root aptitude, or an outer disciple, why did she only break through on the last day?

Jiang Yuebai's gaze caught the girl's attention, and her eyes met. The girl quickly looked away and fiddled with her bangs.

Jiang Yuebai realized in her heart that she must be in hiding just like herself.

"Isn't this Tao Lao? What are you doing in the Miscellaneous Hall?"

Seeing Tao Fengnian, the elder steward with a mustache greeted Tao Fengnian eagerly. Although he was the steward of the miscellaneous hall, he still had the token of the miscellaneous on his waist.

Tao Fengnian looked calm, and rubbed the top of Jiang Yuebai's head, "Register and report this apprentice to me. This is Mr. Hu, who is in charge of things. He has some friendship with grandpa, and his name is Brother Hu."

Jiang Yuebai nodded obediently, "Senior Brother Hu."

Hu Laoba looked at Jiang Yuebai, and the corners of his eyes twitched a little. Tao Fengnian is a spiritual cultivator, and he should bring an apprentice with better qualifications.

The little girl looks very smart, but she only broke through the first level of Qi training on the last day, so how good can she be?

"Junior Junior Sister is smart and cute. At first glance, she is a material that can be made. Foundation building and alchemy are just around the corner. Mr. Tao has good eyesight. Give me the token, and I will register for Junior Junior Sister right away."

Hu Laoba laughed, and Jiang Yuebai handed over the handyman token with both hands.

Tao Fengnian looked down at Jiang Yuebai, Jiang Yuebai winked and whispered: "Grandpa, don't worry, I'm better than him at saying nice words, and I won't get carried away after being praised a few times."

Tao Fengnian rubbed his nose, these days Jiang Yue flattered him and praised him every day, every step of the way he could say that he was strong and strong, and all the idioms he learned were used on him.

When he said it, his clear eyes were open, and he was very sincere, which made him have the urge to sing a song recently.

The token was quickly changed, and Jiang Yuebai's name was added on it. Tao Fengnian had something to discuss with Hu Laoba, and there was a lot of noise in the room, so he asked Jiang Yuebai to wait outside first.

Under the tree outside the courtyard, Jiang Yuebai strolled around in circles, chanting words and reciting Taoism scriptures.

As soon as he raised his head, he saw Hong Tao, whom he hadn't seen in January, walked into the courtyard with a sullen face, followed by two handymen, bending over and bowing their heads, reporting something.

Jiang Yuebai's eyes curled up, she didn't dare to disturb and just watched quietly, she later found out that Hong Tao is also a monk who has perfected Qi training, and she should be called Senior Brother Hong.

Feeling something in Hong Tao's heart, he looked up, his gaze fell on the token around her waist, and he stared at it for a moment.

Jiang Yuebai's heart shrank, and she saw a hint of disappointment in Hong Tao's eyes. She opened her mouth to speak, but Hong Tao walked away.

Jiang Yuebai's eyes gradually dimmed, and she squeezed the hem of her clothes tightly.

"If you want to tell him, go ahead, Hong Tao is a trustworthy person."

Tao Fengnian came out, just in time to see the scene just now.

Jiang Yuebai shook his head, "A young genius is like Fang Zhongyong. If you don't work hard, you will become mediocre. You have taught me that the road to immortality is long. Talent can only determine the starting point, not the height."

"Grandpa, don't worry, one day, I will make everyone look up at me instead of looking down."

Tao Fengnian rubbed the top of Jiang Yuebai's head distressedly, not knowing whether it was right or wrong for him to let her hide at the beginning, he always felt that he had wronged her.

But risking his life, betting that the inner sect Yuanying Zhenjun can see her talent, and accepting her as a disciple to protect her is too ethereal.

Her breakthrough in two days and one night shows that the root value is very high, it is very likely to reach nine, ten is the natural spirit body, and nine is full in the spiritual root.

This qualification may not be appreciated by monks with single spiritual roots and dual spiritual roots, but there are so many people in the Tianyan Sect who are struggling because of their qualifications.

So what if the matter of seizing the house hurts the sky, in order to live and continue on, there will always be people who will take risks, and even he has been tempted for a moment, and this is his biggest worry.

But he also knew that after today, this little girl would surely shine brightly and could no longer hide it. All he could do was teach her more skills.

"Let's go to the library."

The thirty-six peaks of Tianyanzong are named after the thirty-six stars of Tiangang, and Tianman Peak is one of them. It gathers the miscellaneous hall for the miscellaneous servants, and the restaurant for the miscellaneous servants and outer disciples.

The External Affairs Hall, which handles the sect's external affairs, and the Internal Affairs Hall, which handles internal affairs, are located at the waist of the peak.

The Waimen Library and the lecture hall for daily lectures are at the top of the peak.

Tao Fengnian took Jiang Yuebai to the Internal Affairs Hall, introduced her to a familiar senior sister, and briefly introduced the matter of receiving the mission of the sect.

Jiang Yuebai is Tao Fengnian's apprentice at the moment, and there are no compulsory tasks for three years. If she lacks contribution points, she can come and collect them by herself. There is no restriction on this.

The tasks of the inner sect are divided into four classes: A, B, C, and D. Among them, the tasks of D and class are the most complicated, ranging from cleaning the cave of Jindan Daoist, to going out to fight goblins and ghosts, too numerous to enumerate.

There are only three first-class tasks at this time, and they are hung high in the center of the main hall of the Internal Affairs Hall, and Jiang Yuebai can see one of them at a glance.

[The drought in Lin'an County, Qingzhou, Yunguo, has been a disaster for more than three years. Guquan Zhenren will go to crusade. Five foundation-building disciples are needed to help out, and 50,000 contribution points will be rewarded]

[Note: This Hanba is elusive, hard to find, hard to control, extremely difficult to deal with, and there are hundreds of people lost in various sects, I hope all disciples be careful]

Isn't Lin'an County in Qingzhou her hometown?

So at that time, everyone said that the drought caused a severe drought in troubled times. Is there really a drought?

Just as Jiang Yuebai was watching, a group of five people stepped into the main hall. The female cultivator in red at the head was eight feet tall and powerful, and she was actually taller than the two male cultivators behind her.

She looks ordinary, but she has the aura of a lone peak standing proudly. With a sword box on her back, she stepped forward to directly accept the task of Hanba, and led the four of them to leave in a hurry.

"That's Yu Qiuchi, the direct disciple of Canghuo Zhenjun in Tianqiao Peak, who has two spiritual roots of gold and fire. He is a late-stage foundation-builder and a master at refining weapons. There are thirty-six different weapons in the treasure box behind her. No. 1 person on the battle strength list in the foundation building period."

Jiang Yuebai was eager to move, and really wanted to kill the Hanba himself to avenge his father, mother and younger brother. At this moment, he also sincerely hoped that Master Gu Quan and Uncle Yu Qiuchi would come back victorious, and stop letting Hanba harm innocent people.

Climbing all the way, distant mountains and near mountains, confused.

"Tales are the source of all dharmas. Pangu opened the sky, Tao cannot be described, Cangjie created characters, and there are ways to follow the Tao. The prehistoric tortoise shell script and ancient cloud seal characters are all the talismans closest to the Dao. You have to learn the method of making talismans." , first learn the tortoise shell cloud seal..."

Outside the lecture hall, the clear and clear voice was sonorous and powerful, and the cadence was preached.

Standing outside the courtyard, Jiang Yuebai saw that the square of the main hall was full of sect disciples, and there were dozens of people inside the main hall.

The disciples in the hall wear blue clothes, but they are disciples from the outer sect, the disciples outside the hall wear gray clothes, they are disciples of handymen, and the middle-aged male cultivator who taught the class first wears white clothes, he is the uncle of the inner sect who established the foundation.

Jiang Yuebai was fascinated after hearing a few words. She was also studying Guijiawen and Yunzhuan recently. She had a lot of questions to figure out, so she couldn't help but walked towards the gate of the courtyard, and was pulled back by Tao Fengnian's collar.

"Lectures are held every day. I will come back next time after picking up the lecture list. Today has been delayed for a long time, and the library will be closed in half an hour."

Jiang Yuebai was reluctant to part with her. She used to think that Huaxi Valley was already vast, but now she realized that the outside of the valley was even more boundless.

She is so insignificant that she has nowhere to hide here, the world is so big, and there are thousands of ways and methods, she wished she could learn all of them.

In the nine-storey pagoda in the library, many disciples from the outer sect entered and exited the pagoda.

Tao Fengnian told Jiang Yuebai that the books on the first floor of the pagoda were scattered and scattered, including geography travel notes, anecdotes of strange aspirations, experience in cultivation, and good recipes for farming.

"You don't need to contribute points for reading at the first level. You can come here often in the future, read more books to increase your knowledge, and maybe you can find some unexpected gains."

"The second floor is all about the Qi-refining period's martial arts and Taoism. From the ninth grade to the seventh grade, there are also some martial arts. The contribution points for exchange are different. You have a chance to exchange for the ninth-grade exercises at this time. Think about what to exchange for." ?"

Tao Fengnian looked at Jiang Yuebai patiently. Along the way, he probably introduced to Jiang Yuebai the basic ninth-grade exercises in the Tianyan Sect, waiting for her to choose.

Jiang Yuebai glanced at the rows of bookshelves inside. There were tens of thousands of books and jade slips, and she could choose too many.

After thinking about it, Jiang Yuebai said: "I am young and have little experience, so I ask my grandfather to help me choose one."

In fact, Tao Fengnian had planned for a long time, but he didn't want to deprive Jiang Yuebai of the right to choose, so he asked her first.

If she has an idea, she will follow her, but it's just a ninth-grade exercise, so it doesn't matter if she chooses the wrong one, he just makes up for it.

"In this case, then choose "Five Elements Rotation Method"."

Hearing this, the old steward of the library who was in charge of rubbing the jade slips glanced at Jiang Yuebai and said, "Are you sure you want this one? This is not some kind of exercise. Although it is listed in the ninth rank, it is all scattered transformations of the five elements." The method is not systematic and cannot be cultivated."

Before Tao Fengnian could explain, Jiang Yuebai said, "Grandpa said he wants this one, so he wants this one."

Tao Fengnian swallowed the words that were on his lips, and this girl could say a few words casually, which could make him feel happy.

The old steward shook his head, and went in to help find the "Five Elements Rotation Method".

"I'll just wait here. While there is still time, you go to the first floor."

Jiang Yuebai was overjoyed when she heard the words, and Sa Yazi rushed downstairs, looking through the nearby bookshelf.

Pick up a copy of "Miscellaneous Collections of Five Flavors", which is a travel note written by a casual cultivator who claims to be a native of Wuwei Mountain when he traveled around Yunzhou.

"I have fought all my life and dedicated myself to the Kingdom of Yun, but it is a joke for the treacherous and sycophants to disrupt the court and force my husband to teach my son! So I resigned from office and traveled around."

"Traveling along the way, seeing the mighty mountains and rivers, the vast sky and earth, suddenly felt the smallness of the court, half a lifetime of intrigue is like child's play, fighting with people is not as good as fighting with the sky, so it is fun, once you realize something, use martial arts to enter the road..."

"Bitch girl! I ran into you here!"

Jiang Yuebai was watching intently, when she suddenly heard a piercing female voice, a shadow came over her, Lin Suwan rushed in front of her in a menacing manner, and grabbed the book with her hands.


		