

If Jiang Yuebai had never seen Zhao Fuyi waving his hands to shake the sky before yesterday, she might have agreed today, as long as Mo Baichun was willing to bring his grandfather along.

Now that she has a firm goal and someone she wants to pursue, she will not be half-hearted and waver.

The person she wants to worship is Zhenjun Fuyi, and what she wants to learn is the way of shaking the sky!

Mo Baichun looked at Jiang Yuebai in surprise as the wooden stick was broken in his hand.

"Girl, this is a rare opportunity, you have to think about it carefully." Tao Fengnian said anxiously.

With firm eyes, Jiang Yuebai said to Mo Baichun, "Thank you for looking at the real person, but I already have a Tao I want to pursue, so I can only say sorry to the real person."

Tao Fengnian was nervous, he was afraid that Jiang Yuebai would anger Mo Baichun, but Mo Baichun's eyes showed undisguised appreciation.

"You are young and have a firm heart. You are really a talented person. If you say today that you are reluctant to part with your family, or reject me for other reasons, I will tie you up and go. Since you don't want to worship me as a teacher, hurry up." Go away, don't make my heart hurt."

Jiang Yuebai bowed and took Tao Fengnian away.

Mo Baichun changed a piece of wood and continued to file, and continued to wait for someone who was destined to come to his door.

In front of the bookstore.

"Girl, you really don't regret it?" Tao Fengnian was heartbroken for Jiang Yuebai.

Jiang Yuebai looked calm, and looked inside the bookstore curiously.

"Why should I regret it? I don't like being her apprentice. My grandfather and father filed wood all their lives. When I was a child, I could eat wood chips when I ate cornbread. I don't want to continue filing wood like them."

"Just because of this?" Tao Fengnian was startled. Is it that simple for a child?

Jiang Yuebai chuckled, "The most important thing is that I want to stay by Grandpa's side all the time. Apart from my family, there is no one in this world who treats me better than Grandpa."

Tao Fengnian's nose was sour and he was almost in tears, "You girl, you have a sweet mouth and a sword in your belly!"

"I am the candied fruit, the candied fruit."

Tao Fengnian took a breath, "I won't mention this matter in the past. Wherever you want to go next, Grandpa will accompany you. Go back after you have finished shopping."

One old and one young, wandered all over Nangu.

Buy talisman pens in the east market, scrolls in the west market, yellow paper in the south market, and seeds in the north market.

Ever since his family passed away, Jiang Yuebai hadn't been this happy for a long time, with a bulging stomach and a dry purse.

Useful and useless things are stuffed into the storage bags. If there is no mine in the house, I wish I could empty the whole square city.

The sunset on the western mountain is full of rays of light.

"Run slowly, you are eating, be careful of the candied haws sticks pricking you."

Tao Fengnian wore a cat face mask on his head, holding the wooden box in one hand, and the paper bag of candied fruit that Jiang Yuebai hadn't finished eating in the other, chasing after her panting.

The energy of a child is unbelievably strong.

"Grandpa, come quickly, we are fighting talismans here."

Jiang Yuebai lifted up the cat-like mask on his face, took a bite of the candied haws, and threw the rabbit lantern over his shoulder, jumping up and down behind the crowd like a little monkey, scratching his ears and cheeks anxiously when he couldn't see inside.

Flames splashed, explosions sounded, and the crowd exclaimed from time to time.

"Oh! Come down for me!"

Tao Fengnian chased after him and dragged Jiang Yuebai down from the archway in Fangshi.

For the first time, he discovered that this girl is a monkey at heart, and he really couldn't stand her liberated nature today.

"It's not that I won't come again. Find a place to stay and let you play for half a day tomorrow. We'll go back in the afternoon."

Qiyun Pavilion room.

As soon as Tao Fengnian entered the guest room, he fell asleep on one of the couches, and after a while, he started snoring loudly.

He has practiced for nearly forty years, and he has not slept so soundly for a long time.

Jiang Yuebai covered Tao Fengnian with a quilt, knelt on the chair, and ate at the table.

A year ago, she didn't dare to think about the delicious food on this table. It would be nice to have half a black steamed bun in three days.

Biting the meat bun, Jiang Yuebai took out the things he bought today.

A green vine talisman brush used to draw a talisman cost fifty low-grade spirit stones, and three taels of talisman sand and two-knife talisman paper used ten low-grade spirit stones.

A copy of "Complete Explanation of Nine Grade Talismans" costs 20 low-grade spirit stones. This book is also available in Zongmen Library, but she has no contribution points.

There are also five of the best-selling Nine-Rank and Five-element Talismans each, for reference and study.

A piece of ninth-grade talisman is worth one low-grade spirit stone, which means that she needs to use these things to draw 105 pieces of ninth-grade talisman to get back the original.

After shopping today, the spirit stones in her pocket had bottomed out, and only the last five pieces were left.

If Tao Fengnian didn't let her take the elixir, she would also like to try Yangqi elixir, which is said to speed up the speed of exercise and absorb more aura.

Tao Fengnian made it clear that, except for detoxification and healing pills, all pills that assist cultivation, unless they are top-grade, have erysipelas, which can improve cultivation in a short period of time, but long-term use will cause blockage of meridians.

Subsequent elimination of erysipelas is time-consuming, labor-intensive and medicinal materials, which hinders practice.

If it is not necessary, the pill can be skipped.

Tao Fengnian didn't buy anything except seeds, and Jiang Yuebai ruined Tao Fengnian's 20 acres of private land. Before the next spring, he had to plant some fast-maturing spiritual plants.

Jiang Yuebai proposed to grow spirit vegetables, which would grow quickly, and would be in high demand and expensive.

Tao Fengnian felt that the spiritual vegetables were difficult to serve, so he bought the seeds of calamus calamus, filled the spiritual field with water and then sprinkled the seeds, so he didn't need to worry about it. He would grow wildly and use it as food for spiritual beasts.

After tidying up his things, Jiang Yuebai ate and drank enough, took out the newly bought "Five Flavors" and lay down on the couch to read.

"Entering the market, not seeing people for a long time, it seems like a lifetime away, rest for half a month, greedy for comfort, so I left."

"Westward for a hundred miles, I met three evil cultivators on the road. They slaughtered the village to refine weapons. They fought hard all night. They were slaughtered and almost died."

"Go deep into the barren mountains, meet monster wolves, fight and retreat, be trapped in a cave for three months, practice unstoppable, and come out, the wolf king."

"After thirteen years of practice, Qi training has been completed. I heard that before building a foundation, I first entered the world. I returned to the country of Yun and walked on the road of practice. In my life, I am worthy of the emperor, worthy of the people, worthy of the clan, and only one person. Ask me In my own heart, I am ashamed, but I still have no regrets."

"The road is ruthless, I am the only one who walks alone, the fate of the world is over, and the foundation building is done!"

The text is short, and the meaning of conquest comes out through the words, which makes Jiang Yuebai's heart agitated, making it difficult to fall asleep.

Simply get up, open the porch window, watch the moon and calm down.

The moonlight was bright and clear. The middle-aged woman was lying on the bamboo chair and fell asleep with her eyes closed. Her complexion was pale and sick. The burly man next to her interlocked her fingers and sat quietly by the side, silently accompanying her.

"Brother Hong?"

Jiang Yuebai recognized the man and couldn't help but make a sound. Hong Tao turned his head and met his eyes.

He wanted to close the window to avoid it, but Hong Tao waved at her.

Jiang Yuebai jumped from the window on the second floor, landed in the courtyard, and walked slowly to Hong Tao.

"Junior Sister Jiang, please help me watch Gu Wanniang for a while, I'll come as soon as I go."

Jiang Yuebai nodded, and Hong Tao entered the back room of the courtyard.

The side rooms in the courtyard are rented to long-term residents, which shows that Hong Tao is not short at this time.

The woman on the bamboo chair has soft eyebrows and eyes, and it can be seen that she is a gentle and beautiful person, but she has no aura, and she is obviously a mortal.

Not long after, Hong Tao came out in a change of wedding attire, holding a phoenix crown in his hand.

Facing Jiang Yuebai's puzzled eyes, Hong Tao looked at the woman with deep eyes.

"Wanniang and I fell in love at first sight. We were supposed to stay together for a lifetime in the mortal world. Unexpectedly, the world is impermanent. The dog official forced Wanniang to be his concubine. I killed the dog official and was hunted down. I got a fairy fate in a place of narrow escape. I thought I If not, Wanniang can marry a good family and have a happy life."

"If it wasn't for the mortal fate that I need to complete my Qi training this time, I can't worry about her. I don't know that she has been leading the nunnery to practice and wait for me to go back. It's a pity that I still go back late. After twenty years of worrying, she has exhausted her energy Qi, terminally ill."

"I brought her here to cultivate, and tried my best to heal her, but she didn't want to break my fairy road and wanted to die. Tonight is her deadline. I was young and impulsive, and I was responsible for her life. What I can do for her at this time is to let her She became my wife."


		