

The quiet room of Xiancao Building.

The old man with white beard and hair stroked his beard, put his fingers on Tao Fengnian's wrist, and gradually frowned.

"Old Du, can I... last three years?" Tao Fengnian's voice trembled and his face was heavy.

Du Zhong withdrew his hand and let out a long sigh, "It's difficult!"

"Then tell me, how long can I live?"

"One year at most, and this is still on the premise that you calm down and nurture."

Tao Fengnian remained silent. Longevity Pill is a rare item, and the supply is in short supply. There is no hope of buying it outside, so he can only find a way from within the Tianyan Sect.

He entered the Tao at the age of 30, his aptitude is not satisfactory, and he failed to build the foundation twice and hurt his foundation.

In the early years, he still had the momentum to take on the task of planting elixir, but now everything is stable, and there is no way to save the 30,000 contribution points that can be exchanged for the ten-year longevity pill. The only hope lies in Jiang Yuebai.

But even if Bai girl has the skills to reach the sky, she won't be able to pass the exam as a spiritual farmer in a year.

"Is there no other way? Even... just let me last for two years." Tao Fengnian pleaded.

Du Zhong was puzzled, "You came here last year, didn't you say you followed the arrangement of heaven, why did you have the desire to survive?"

Tao Fengnian smiled wryly, if he could not die, who would want to die, if not for the sake of living, how could he come to cultivate immortality, he would have gone with his wife long ago.

In the past, there was no hope in sight, no worries in my heart, and I died as soon as I died.

But now, whenever he thinks of that girl, his heart feels like a knife is twisted, and he is very reluctant to let go.

She was still so young and depended on him for everything, how could he pass away so easily, making her sad and helpless.

"It's not impossible."

Tao Fengnian suddenly raised his head, his eyes burning.

Du Zhong took a breath, "Using Gu to hang your life, but this is no different from drinking poison to quench your thirst, you have to think about it clearly."

Tao Fengnian lowered his eyes, "I have no choice but to drink poison to quench my thirst. That girl said all day long that she wants to fight. If she doesn't fight with the sky, she will be destroyed by the sky. I don't want to die, so it doesn't matter if I fight again."

Du Zhong nodded, "It's because of heaven's blessing on you, otherwise Xiancaolou would not have met that day's Gu master half a year ago, and bought this batch of Gu, just wait a moment."

After a while, Eucommia left and returned, putting down a pot of flowers and a bottle of elixir.

The flowers are like raging fire, and the stamens are like sarcoma, which is extremely strange.

Du Zhong said: "This is mother-child Gu, named 'burning heart', the child Gu will increase energy in the first three days, but after three days, you will suffer from burning heart at noon every day, you need to absorb it. Only the essence of the mother flower can relieve it."

"This Gu is vicious and will not easily kill the victim. For at least three years, the Gu will squeeze the energy of the victim to hang himself. To solve this Gu, you need to water the mother flower with your own blood, wait for the flower to bear fruit, and swallow the fruit to relieve it insanity."

Tao Fengnian nodded, at the moment he was not afraid of the poisonous Gu, instead he felt a sense of relief and the joy of finally being rescued.

"Old Du, this kindness is equivalent to rebuilding, thank you Tao." Tao Fengnian stood up and thanked him.

Du Zhong's eyes flashed, he got up and supported Tao Fengnian's arm.

"It's serious, if you hadn't saved me from falling off the cliff because of collecting herbs back then, everything would have happened because of karma."

"Don't blame me for nagging, one flower per gu, the mother flower must not be lost, otherwise the gods will be hard to save, and even a hundred-year longevity pill will not last your life. During the period of the gu, use less swords and soldiers, and eat more warming and nourishing things Nourish the Gu worms, so it can last for a long time."

"Also, if you can find another way, it's better...not to take Gu worms."

"Understood." Tao Fengnian put down a pack of Lingshi.

Holding the rune wooden box containing the mother flower, Tao Fengnian walked out of the fairy grass building, feeling suddenly enlightened.

He couldn't help but began to think about how Jiang Yuebai grew up day by day, was admitted to the Linggeng Master, and even became a teacher of the Inner Sect Master, showing off with him proudly.

At this moment, the days are all looking forward to.

The corners of Tao Fengnian's lips twitched into silly smiles, and he turned to look for Jiang Yuebai.

Seeing her fiddling with wooden blocks and the wooden sign on the booth opposite, she became anxious.

"Oh, why did I forget to tell her not to be fooled?"

Tao Fengnian walked over quickly, there were many scammers in the market, who used precious magical artifacts as bait, arranged seemingly simple puzzles, and lured others to cheat Lingshi with their small and big luck.

"It's untied, bring the things!"

When Tao Fengnian came to him, he saw Jiang Yuebai put down the pieces of wood that had been dismantled in all directions, with smug eyes and a little hand stretched out.

The stall owner opened his mouth slightly, and the people around him were dumbfounded.

Before they understood the first of the nine items, Jiang Yuebai took all nine items apart, not to mention a quarter of an hour, and it took less than a cup of tea.

The female cultivator put down the file, her eyes lit up in surprise, and she approached and asked, "My child, have you seen this kind of magic lock before?"

Jiang Yuebai didn't hide it either, "Three generations of my family have been carpenters. This magic lock is just a slightly complicated mortise and tenon structure. I can play with it at the age of two."

The female cultivator showed such an expression, she flipped her hands and took out a small boat the size of a walnut and threw it to Jiang Yuebai.

"Take it and play."

Jiang Yuebai caught Xiaozhou and was stunned for a moment, thinking she was a liar and wanted to deny it, who would want to be so bold.

Could it be fake?

She immediately checked the boat in her hand, and Tao Fengnian's voice came from above her head.

"It's a real seventh-grade magic weapon."

"Grandpa!" Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up, and she hurriedly held the small boat in front of Tao Fengnian like a treasure, "I won you a magic flying weapon, your broken paper crane should really be thrown away."

"It's too precious, you can keep it for yourself." Tao Fengnian refused.

Jiang Yuebai forced the boat into Tao Fengnian's hands, "I don't know how to use it, and grandpa takes me back and forth every day, so it's better for grandpa to hold it."

Tao Fengnian was moved in his heart, and rubbed Jiang Yuebai's head, "Okay, grandpa will hold it for you first, and I will return it to you when you can use it."

"Cough cough, interrupt the two of you, I don't know this fellow Taoist, would you like your little granddaughter to worship me?"

Hearing this, Tao Fengnian raised his head and looked carefully at the nun in front of him.

Real Jindan!

Tao Fengnian's heart trembled, and he hurriedly bowed his hands and saluted, "I've seen you, senior."

The female cultivator hummed lightly, and as soon as Jin Dan's pressure came out, the people watching the excitement scattered around.

"In Mo Baichun, the Taoist name is Wuan Sanren, he has cultivated the puppet mechanism technique, and he has traveled all over the world with nowhere to go. Recently, he has felt something and counted it as a chance, so he set up this stall and looked for good talents to pass on my mantle."

Jiang Yuebai blinked blankly, Tao Fengnian frowned tightly, and the mood that had just cleared up was clouded again.

He never thought that Jiang Yuebai would have such an opportunity to be favored by Jindan Daoist, even if the other party was just a casual cultivator with no background or sect, it would be better than being a handyman in the Tianyan Sect.

And he knew that Jiang Yuebai had been watching "Five Flavors Miscellaneous" recently, and he was looking forward to the days when Wuweishan people traveled around the world like the people from Wuwei Mountain.

But he...

Tao Fengnian clenched and loosened his fists, Mo Baichun was not in a hurry, she had already seen that Tao Fengnian's lifespan was coming to an end, so she was sure about accepting this apprenticeship.

"grandfather?"

Taking a deep breath, Tao Fengnian squatted down, and said in a gentle voice: "Girl, Wu'an Sanren is a Jindan real person. She wants to take you as a disciple and take you to travel around the world. This matter is very important to you, so I need you Come to make a decision, you don't need to worry about grandpa, just ask yourself if you want to go with her."

Jiang Yuebai frowned, and looked at Mo Baichun warily, resolutely.

"I dont go!"


		