

Everything is silent, only the wind and snow whistling.

Jiang Yuebai stood up from the ground, facing everyone's incredulous and disbelieving eyes, heaved a long sigh of relief, and finally did not disappoint her grandfather.

Fang Zhong and Liu Dashan were still staring at the seedlings she had treated. After a while, Fang Zhong asked a question.

"Little girl, how did you do this? I have been exterminating insects with the second-level sharpness technique for five or six years, and in the end, the branches and leaves were injured to some extent. The effect of the third-level edge art."

Liu Dashan nodded, "Yes, I also want to know how you did it, can you teach me?"

"Cough~" Tao Fengnian interrupted the two to ask, "Girl, you did a good job, grandpa is proud of you."

Jiang Yuebai's cheeks flushed, she squinted her eyes and smiled, and her heart felt better.

She turned to Guo Zhen, and Guo Zhen's eyebrows jumped.

"Yuebai thank you Senior Brother Guo for giving me the opportunity to try."

Guo Zhen looked embarrassed, "No...no need, it's because you are capable, and also...it's because I underestimated you."

Tao Fengnian nodded with a smile, seeing that his girl has a good manner of advancing and retreating like everyone else, teaching her how to read and understand during this period of time is finally worthless.

Everyone was like Guo Zhen, apart from embarrassment, their hearts were turbulent.

At the age of six, the third level of Qi training, the second level of sharpness, with such qualifications, I am afraid that he will become the next spiritual cultivator in Huaxi Valley in three years?

Thinking of this, everyone put away their contempt and looked at Jiang Yuebai with a little more flattery.

Song Pei'er was the same, she glanced at Lu Ying shaking her head and sighing, she thought she had picked up a treasure, but she didn't expect that the real pearl was in someone else's house, which made her feel sore.

"Senior Sister Jiang is really amazing!" Shi Xiaowu continued to praise without thinking.

Lu Ying bit her lip and bled, and her heart ached from being swept by her master. She couldn't help but shed tears, and left the crowd.

Jiang Yuebai found Lu Ying and was about to call to stop her, but was stopped by Guo Zhen.

A pack of spirit stones was handed to Jiang Yuebai, Guo Zhen said, "The insect infestation is the worst in my field, please help my younger sister Jiang to get rid of the insects."

Jiang Yuebai turned to look at Tao Fengnian and saw his grandfather nodding before accepting the spirit stone.

Guo Zhen planted 20 acres of spiritual wheat, and one piece of low-grade spirit stone per acre, twenty acres equals twenty yuan.

It was the first time that Jiang Yuebai had earned so many spirit stones, and his eyes shone with excitement.

She can finally raise grandpa!

And her talisman pen and talisman paper, if you have money, buy it!

"Junior Sister Jiang, I also want to ask you to deworm my spirit field."

"And me, I can pay the deposit first."

Others took out spirit stones and asked Jiang Yuebai to help. They all saw that Jiang Yuebai was slower than Fang Zhong and Liu Dashan in dealing with the ice beetle.

But she didn't hurt the seedlings at all, and let the ice beetle spit out the swallowed anger to feed back to the seedlings, which is an effect that can only be achieved by the third level of sharpness.

It is a good deal to buy the effect of the third-level edge art with the money of the second-level edge art.

Jiang Yuebai was suddenly surrounded by the crowd, and hurriedly retreated to Tao Fengnian's side to grab the hem of his clothes.

Tao Fengnian said loudly, "Don't worry, this disaster is different from the past, there is no first-come-first-come-first-come-first-served theory. Junior Sister Song, please check the various spiritual fields, and divide them into four grades according to the severity of the pest disaster."

"As well as Junior Brother Liu, you will also deworm all the spiritual fields according to their ranks. When it's your turn, you must do your best. No one can complain, and you must not pick and choose."

"The spirit stones that should be given should be paid accordingly, and there is no excuse to shirk. I believe that after this disaster, the sect will definitely reduce everyone's contribution. Don't worry. Now everyone continues to clear the snow and work together to fight against the disaster."

Tao Fengnian has lived in Huaxi Valley all his life, and his prestige is still there. When he speaks, everyone gets busy.

Shi Xiaowu was still smirking at Jiang Yuebai with a thumbs up from the side, and was slapped on the back of the head by Guo Zhen.

"I know how to giggle in a day. If you can be half as capable as Junior Sister Jiang, you brat, I can wake up laughing from my dreams, so hurry up and shovel the snow."

Tao Fengnian took out a cyan elixir, knelt down and handed it to Jiang Yuebai.

"This is the bigu pill refined from the spiritual valley. It has no erysipelas. One grain can be used for three days' food, so you have been wronged to work hard for a few days in the spiritual field. Go to Nangufang City and have fun for a few days."

Jiang Yuebai took the Bigu Pill, leaned closer and whispered, "Grandpa, don't be too tired, those elixirs are not yours anyway, if you really can't save them, let it be, natural disasters are not man-made disasters, the sect won't be so close Human."

Tao Fengnian smiled wryly, "Don't worry about me, it's you, if the aura is exhausted, use the spirit stone to restore it, don't be reluctant, it's more important to get rid of the insects."

Tao Fengnian covered her head with his bamboo hat, and stuffed her with a fire talisman to keep warm, and stood up to work in the distant medicine field.

Jiang Yuebai tightened the rope of the bamboo hat, and immediately squatted down to get busy.

Pinch the Edge Art, sink into the seedling, greet with a clang, the ice beetle is exterminated, and the seedling is reborn.

A seedling uses a sharpness formula, three breaths make a formula, and three breaths kill insects.

As more and more seedlings were processed, Jiang Yuebai became more proficient at manipulating the edge, and gradually found the sense of Shilipo's sword god.

The ice beetle relied on its hard carapace to stay where it was, allowing Jiang Yuebai to hack and chop.

As long as you find the weak point, it is more efficient to slash than the lantern monsters scurrying all over the mountain.

And every time he kills, the proficiency of the sharpness technique and woodcutter technique will improve, and there will be swelling in his head, and there will be a feeling that something is about to break out of the shell, which makes Jiang Yuebai very happy.

When the aura was exhausted, Jiang Yuebai took out the spirit stone and held it in his hand, endured the pain to absorb the aura to supplement consumption without delaying the progress of deworming.

It takes 1,000 points of proficiency to reach the peak of the second-floor Jue. Previously, due to the lack of aura, the number of practice times per day was limited. Now, with the supplement of Lingshi, there is no need to worry about it.

Although it was only after she released the Edge Jue a few times that her proficiency increased a little, the damage to hundreds of acres of spiritual fields in Huaxi Valley gave her an excellent opportunity to practice the Edge Jue.

Jiang Yuebai immediately decided, as long as he can't survive, he will survive!

In the spiritual field next door, Liu Dashan would stop to replenish his spiritual energy with spiritual stones every twenty times when he performed the Feng Mang Jue.

He stopped for the first time, and Jiang Yuebai was using the edge trick on the ground.

He stopped for the second time, and Jiang Yuebai was using the sharp edge art on the ground.

He stopped for the third time, and Jiang Yuebai used the edge trick at the end of the ground.

Liu Dashan was dumbfounded, but fortunately he stopped for the fourth time, Jiang Yuebai finally stopped and recovered with Lingshi.

Liu Dashan was full of frustration, he practiced Qi on the sixth level, Jiang Yuebai trained on the third level, he rested three times, and Jiang Yuebai only rested once.

They are all five spirit roots, so the gap is too big, right? Is her golden spirit root thicker than a carrot?

Seeing that Jiang Yuebai started to deal with the third piece of Lingtian, and he hadn't finished with one piece, Liu Dashan wanted to cry.

Grit your teeth and fight!

The sun was thinning on the western mountains, the snow was still unabated, and the cold wind was getting bitterer.

The snow was blown away with the wind scroll technique at the front, and another layer was covered at the back, blowing the bone-chilling air, and even the robes that were not soaked in cold and heat couldn't resist it.

Jiang Yuebai's hands trembled, his whole body was cold, and he failed several times in the art, so he stood up and stretched his muscles.

The fire talisman in the placket emits bursts of heat, dispelling the cold.

Looking back at Taniguchi, the village has been buried by heavy snow, leaving only the undulating outline of the roof.

The Lingtian is surrounded by mountains of snow, and being in the Lingtian is like standing in a deep pit. If the snow falls, they will be buried alive, feeling full of oppression.

Even so, no one dared to stop their work.

If you don't compete with the sky, the spiritual wheat will die, and people will die.

"Master, Tang Yun has passed out from the cold, master!!"

In the distance, chickens were flying and dogs were jumping. This was already the fifth little apprentice who was frozen unconscious.

Jiang Yuebai rubbed her hands angrily and continued to work.

In the middle of the moon, a scarlet sword light rushed into Huaxi Valley, and dropped a storage bag to Tao Fengnian.

After Tao Fengnian looked at it, he took out the vial with a happy expression on his face.

"Finally, it's here. This is the Lieyang Water urgently refined by Dantang. It can be activated by the Cloud and Rain Art to exterminate the ice beetles, melt the ice and snow, and drive away the cold air in the spirit field."

"It's just that the blazing sun water is more harmful to the seedlings of Lingmai, and it needs to be repaired in the follow-up. Those who are willing to use the blazing sun water can come to me to get it."

Everyone was relieved and wept with joy.

Almost everyone knows the Cloud and Rain Jue, they hurriedly received the Lieyang Water and began to apply the Cloud and Rain.

Clouds and mists rise, the sound of rain is beautiful, and the haze of heavy snow gradually dissipates.

After a lot of work, the ice shells on the seedlings all melted, leaving the wilted seedlings struggling on the verge of dying.

Those who know the art of plants and trees have already begun to gather the vitality of plants and trees to nourish the seedlings in their fields.

Guo Zhen stood on the ground of his own house and stared at his apprentice Shi Xiaowu, even he didn't know the Cao Mu Jue.

Turning their heads, the two saw Jiang Yuebai standing in Tao Fengnian's field, skillfully using the Yunyu Jue to draw the scorching sun water and apply it to clouds and rain.

Xue Yi killed the insect and died, the hand formula seamlessly switched, and the green brilliance swayed from Jiang Yuebai's fingers in circles, so that Guo Zhen's eyes twitched.

"Wow! Senior Sister Jiang can even know the Cloud and Rain Jue and the Cao Mu Jue, that's too good!"

Snapped!

Guo Zhen slapped Shi Xiaowu on the back of the head.

"You are also a five-spiritual root, why don't you learn from others? Waste of stuff! Give you half a year, if you can't learn the five spells, don't call me a master."

"Your five spiritual roots, don't you only know two ways?"

"Say it again, kid! Stop, where are you going!"

Guo Zhen chased Shi Xiaowu and ran all over the field, while Jiang Yuebai stood in the field, staring at her hands covered in ice in a daze.

She just flicked her hand and accidentally used the water aura to activate the Cao Mu Jue, and then her hand was frozen.

How is this going?


		