

Tao Fengnian staggered to Jiang Yuebai's side, gave her a healing elixir, and half knelt on the ground holding the lock sickle.

The roar of the monster came closer, and the vibration of the ground became more and more obvious. Jiang Yuebai nervously grabbed Tao Fengnian's sleeve.

"Don't be afraid, grandpa is here."

Sweeping to the wooden box next to it, Tao Fengnian decisively took out the Gu worm and swallowed it with his head up.

Gu worms entered the abdomen like a fire erupting, and the heat swept the whole body. Tao Fengnian was refreshed, his fatigue disappeared, and he didn't even feel pain.

He stood up again and gripped the sickle tightly, "Girl, thirty miles to the north is the Tianyan Sect patrolling the territory. Grandpa will help you break out of the encirclement. Go ask for help."

Jiang Yuebai's small hands trembled, knowing that asking for help was impossible, she still bit her lip and nodded.

Her refusal to resist would only distract Grandpa.

But even if it is impossible, she will struggle until the last moment!

The scar-faced man pressed the wound on his body and jumped up the tree. A group of violent Qingyan monkeys were rushing towards him swinging the tree vines.

"Haha, hahaha, beasts are coming, let me see how you are still alive!"

Pooh!

As soon as he finished speaking, Jiang Yuebai opened his eyes suddenly, and saw a wooden hand protruding from the scar-faced man's chest.

The scar-faced man was shocked, and fell to the ground to die, revealing the faceless puppet in blue clothes and black hair behind him.

Squeak!

The group of monkeys attacked, and the body of the puppet in blue turned over and jumped up.

Thousand Needles Flying Shoot, Rainstorm Pear Blossoms!

Tao Fengnian immediately protected Jiang Yuebai. Amid the sound of breaking wind, the group of monkeys fell in mid-air, screaming again and again, and none of them could approach.

In the blink of an eye, the ground was covered with monkey corpses, each of which was covered with wooden needles.

The puppet fell to the ground, opened its chin mechanism, and stretched out the pipe to blow out green smoke, dispelling the aroma of the beast.

Amazing!

Jiang Yuebai's pupils trembled, staring at the puppet for a moment.

There was movement from the side, Jiang Yuebai looked away, and saw the rough female cultivator sitting on the wooden cow with her hands in her hands and slowly approaching, rebellious.

"Children, we meet again. It seems that you and I are destined."

Jiang Yuebai frowned, her eyes full of vigilance.

Mo Baichun glanced at the headless female corpse, "You killed it?"

Jiang Yuebai nodded, and Mo Baichun raised his eyebrows.

"As expected of the child I fancy, the third level of Qi training can kill the seventh level of Qi training in one blow, smart, courageous, good, good!"

Mo Baichun waved his hand, and the puppet jumped up and returned to her side to protect her.

"Are you injured? My medicine is not bad, take it to heal your injuries."

The medicine bottle was thrown in front of the two of them, Tao Fengnian reached for it, Jiang Yuebai grabbed Tao Fengnian's sleeve.

Tao Fengnian pressed her hand, picked up the medicine bottle, took out one and threw it into the mouth. After a while, he didn't feel any problem, so he took another one and fed it to Jiang Yuebai.

The medicine given by Daoist Jindan took effect very quickly, and Tao Fengnian bowed his hands to thank him.

"Tao thanked Wu'an Sanren for his rescue."

Mo Baichun waved his hands, "It's okay, I'm not for you, but for her, what about my little one, isn't my puppet fun?"

Jiang Yuebai frowned, and nodded sullenly.

Mo Baichun smiled, "There are so many ways, you only got a glimpse of it, and you will regret it if you decide the direction early. If I didn't plan to never let you go all night, I might not be able to rescue you in time today, so do you want to think again? "

"You promise to worship me as a teacher, and I will give you this puppet. As long as you have the jade talisman in your hand, it will be difficult to hurt your life under the alchemy, how about it?"

Mo Baichun was like a villain who cheated children with candy, Tao Fengnian watched helplessly, he had no choice but to clenched his fist secretly.

Jiang Yuebai lowered her eyes, thought for a moment, and said, "I might regret it, but not now. As you said, there are so many ways to go, and I only got a glimpse of them. Then it's not too late to make a decision after I have seen them all. "

Mo Baichun raised his eyebrows, "Hehe, I'm still an ambitious kid, and I'm not afraid of random flowers becoming charming, but I like you more and more, do you really want to come with me?"

Jiang Yuebai nodded, "Don't go."

Mo Baichun sighed, "Okay, it may be that you and I haven't reached the fate, you take this thing, if you figure it out, go to Linghe Gate to find me and take a job, it will take a year or two."

A puppet the size of an arm was thrown over, it was exactly the same as the faceless puppet but smaller, its limbs could move, and the organs in its body could not be used for anything.

Mo Baichun was watching, Jiang Yuebai suppressed his curiosity and pretended not to care.

Mo Baichun's eyes retracted and fell on Tao Fengnian, the smile on the corner of his mouth became colder, and he said a voice transmission.

"The world is easy, but the demons are hard to get rid of. You shouldn't drag her down."

Tao Fengnian's throat was tight and his body was icy cold. Mo Baichun got up on the wooden ox and disappeared quickly.

Tao Fengnian's body went limp and he slumped on the ground. Jiang Yuebai threw away the puppet and ran to Tao Fengnian's side.

"Grandpa, how are you? Did she bully you just now?"

Tao Fengnian smiled wryly and shook his head, "Ahem, it's not safe here, let's pack up and leave quickly."

Jiang Yuebai nodded, watching Tao Fengnian took the belongings of the two people, stuffed all the corpses of the surrounding monsters into the storage bag, and finally set fire to the corpses.

Using the Gale Talisman to drive on the road, the two stepped into the patrol area of ​​Tianyan Sect at night, Tao Fengnian heaved a sigh of relief, and took Jiang Yuebai to spend the night in the small village at the foot of the mountain.

After some grooming and rest, and Mo Baichun's medicine was really good, the two of them basically recovered.

"Grandpa, do robberies often happen around Nangufang City?"

In the middle of the night, Jiang Yuebai played with the wooden puppet, sat at the table and asked Tao Fengnian.

"It's hard to say, why are you asking this?"

Jiang Yuebai's small face wrinkled, "I always feel that something is wrong, and I even suspect that Mo Baichun arranged all of this."

Tao Fengnian's eyes flickered, and he continued to repair the mother flower of Burning Heart.

"You can doubt, but you can't talk nonsense without evidence. No matter what, it is true that she saved us, and she didn't take you away by force, which means that she is not a tyrannical person, and she has no real intention to hurt you."

"I just don't like her anyway."

Jiang Yuebai usually doesn't like anyone, and he never shows it on his face. He only tells the truth in front of Tao Fengnian.

Tao Fengnian smiled bitterly, "Take it as a good relationship. If you can't stay in Tianyanzong in the future, there should be a way out."

Jiang Yuebai nodded sullenly, and put the puppet into the storage bag.

Tao Fengnian took a breath, put the mother flower of Burning Heart back into the wooden box, and took out the storage bags of the woman in black and the man with the scarred face.

"Fortune and misfortune depend on each other. Although you are close to death, there are unexpected gains. But grandpa wants to tell you, no matter how many things are in these two storage bags, you can't be fooled. You only have one life. Even if you lose the others, you can still earn money." Come back, understand?"

"Understand, understand, Grandpa, please open it quickly and see how many spirit stones there are."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up, and Tao Fengnian shook his head and laughed.

After some tidying up, Jiang Yuebai said, "Two hundred and forty-eight low-grade spirit stones, that's a lot!"

Jiang Yuebai was excited, but Tao Fengnian was not very happy. This is still far from the price of a longevity pill.

"Grandpa, put it away quickly, don't be seen by others."

Jiang Yuebai pushed the Lingshi to Tao Fengnian, but Tao Fengnian only took half of it.

"As fellow daoists fighting side by side, it is a rule to share the spoils equally."

"Fellow Daoist?" Jiang Yuebai opened her eyes wide in surprise.

"The eyes are already big enough, and you can turn them into bull's eyes. You were able to kill the black-clothed female cultivator today. Grandpa did not expect that. It is because grandpa usually underestimates you and always treats you like a child. It will not happen in the future. Jiang Daoyou."

Jiang Yuebai smiled, and put his half of the spirit stones into the storage bag.

In addition to the spirit stone, there were also some talismans and medicinal herbs for healing and detoxification. Jiang Yuebai picked up the ones he could use and took them away.

The last thing left is the white jade xun of the woman in black, the sword of the scar-faced man, two volumes of exercises and a pack of thorn seeds.

"There is only one piece of "Ranghun Chao" corresponding to this Xun. If it is not good, it is considered a secret technique. The black-clothed female cultivator has not yet mastered it. If she has practiced it to perfection, I am afraid that as soon as I hear this piece, we will instantly feel the same. The mind and soul are in chaos, killing each other."

"This "Three Knives of Broken Water" is a high-grade martial art. Only three moves belong to the ultimate sword technique. The one hit on my grandfather's shoulder is one of the swords. My lock sickle is an eighth-grade magic weapon, which was shattered by his ninth-grade broadsword. It can be seen that this knife The law is powerful."

Tao Fengnian handed over the two exercises to Jiang Yuebai, "If you are interested, you can take a look, but remember, you can't eat too much, and right now you still have to test the Linggeng master."

"Well, I know the priorities."

"This xun is a specially made ninth-grade magic weapon, and it also has the effect of disturbing the consciousness and mind. It is reserved for self-defense. The heavy sword is not suitable for you. Grandpa will change it for you later. The hatchet is really not good for you. "

Jiang Yuebai hurriedly protected the hatchet, "Why, I think it is very useful, and it is difficult for me to practice the ninth-grade magic weapon now, so I can't use too many. I will change the knife when my spiritual consciousness is stronger. Grandpa Dao left Come on, the spoils are divided equally, isn't it?"

Tao Fengnian didn't force it, and pushed the last bag of thorn seeds and two storage bags to Jiang Yuebai.

"You keep these two storage bags. They will be opened separately in the future. If you throw away one, you will have a spare. Thorn seeds are another fighting method for low-level qi training monks besides talismans. There are relevant instructions on the first floor of the library."

"The last is the corpses of the iron-backed demon wolf and those Qingyan monkeys. When grandpa goes back to deal with them, the meat will be saved for you to satisfy your hunger. The skins you picked up will make you a leather armor, and the rest will be sold for spirit stones."

"Grandpa, you are so kind, we really made a lot of money on this trip."

"You made a lot of money, and you almost lost your life. Don't forget to eat or beat, go to rest, and change clothes as a handyman disciple to go back to the clan tomorrow morning."


		