

Yinfengjian, the sky is dark and the ground is dark, and the cold wind is biting.

Where the grass is overgrown, the crows are singing, and the strange rocks are jagged.

Jiang Yuebai stared angrily at the expressionless and cold Lu Nanzhi.

Next to him, Xie Jingshan squatted and scratched his head, "You two were fighting, I was just passing by to watch the fun, why was I also punished to come to Yinfengjian to accompany you to face the wall for seven days? I was wronged!"

Lu Nanzhi straightened his clothes, cupped his hands and said, "Sorry, I've troubled you."

After finishing speaking, he looked at Jiang Yuebai again, "If you directly tell me the trick of making ice from water, I won't attack you in a hurry."

"Why do you ask me, and I have to say it? I'm in a bad mood and don't want to say, is it okay? And you delayed my talisman making class, don't you have an apology?"

Lu Nanzhi took a breath and bowed to Jiang Yuebai, "Sorry, I was wrong today."

Lu Nanzhi was sincere, but Jiang Yuebai was so angry that he had nowhere to vent his anger, so he sat down angrily and hugged his arms tightly to resist the cold.

"The most angry one is Elder Li, who was chatting and laughing with me yesterday, and punished him mercilessly today!"

Xie Jingshan was indignant, "Yes, there are so many uncles and elders in the lecture hall, but he likes to punish people to the Yinfengjian wall the most. I have entered the palace for the second time!"

Lu Nanzhi's small face was handsome and indifferent, and at this moment, he also lowered his eyelids and nodded slightly to express his agreement.

The three of them were thrown on the outskirts of Yinfengjian, and the law enforcement disciples were not worried about them running around. The dark wind was strong in the depths, and they had nowhere to go except the entrance where they came.

The wind was howling, Xie Jingshan found the cushion he had used as a hay tray last time, sat down obediently and rubbed his hands.

"Stop standing, you two, sit down somewhere sheltered from the wind, you can survive seven days."

Jiang Yuebai raised her eyebrows, "You seem quite happy?"

Xie Jingshan didn't hide it, and said with his hands in his hands: "Of course, last time I was bored here alone, and I was worried that someone would secretly practice and surpass me while I was being punished. Now I am at ease, and no one here I want to practice hahaha."

At this time, Lu Nanzhi practiced the fourth level of Qi training, Jiang Yuebai practiced the third level of Qi training, and Xie Jingshan had just reached the third level of Qi training after retreating to this day.

Yin Qi is cold, so it cannot be inhaled into the body.

Lu Nanzhi sat under a strange rock, listless and lifeless.

Jiang Yuebai was worried about Grandpa right now. When she was escorted here, she asked the handyman apprentice who was also in Huaxi Valley to give Grandpa a message.

In fact, it would be good for her to be punished, just to avoid Jia Wei, and to save Grandpa from worrying about his revenge on her.

But when she went out today, she didn't find Jia Wei following her, maybe Jia Wei didn't pay attention to her little bit.

Gathering her mind, Jiang Yuebai found the book Li Jiuchuan gave her from the storage bag, and began to study it amidst the howling ghosts and wolves.

When they came in, the law enforcement disciples checked the storage bags and took away the pills and talismans that Lu Nanzhi and Xie Jingshan had on them to ward off hunger and cold. She didn't have anything, so they confiscated her things.

Not far away, Xie Jingshan, who was holding dry grass in his mouth, was about to twist into a comfortable position and squint for a while, when he suddenly saw Jiang Yuebai take out a book, and the corners of his eyes twitched violently.

"Jiang Yuebai, what are you doing!"

Jiang Yuebai frowned, "Reading, what's wrong?"

"Who allowed you to read the book!"

Jiang Yuebai rolled her eyes wide, and continued to study hard, and directed the dance while reading.

Green Cong's fingers were like knives like swords, and they stabbed Xie Jingshan's fragile heart with blood.

Lu Nanzhi stared at it for a moment, then took out the "Five Elements Rotation Method" from the storage bag, and read it silently with a blank expression.

Xie Jingshan was flustered and short of breath, his hands were numb and sweaty, he spit out the dry grass in his mouth and gritted his teeth angrily, found a book in the storage bag and sat and read it.

The wind is howling, and the undercurrent is surging.

Jiang Yuebai hadn't thought about how to apply the ice aura to spells, because the three strange attributes were too far away for her, and she had to figure out the way of the five elements first.

Right now, she needs to practice the Art of Gold Spiritual Qi Running Cloud and Rain. The book compiled by Li Jiuchuan has a history of the evolution of spells in the cultivation world from ancient times to the present for reference.

Qi trainers in ancient times didn't need hand formulas at all to cast spells. Once they recited them, Taoism came into being. Even low-level monks could call wind and rain just by chanting mantras.

But now, monks below Jindan rely on hand formulas to transfer their spiritual energy, which has become extremely cumbersome.

Puzzled, Lu Nanzhi suddenly sat down next to Jiang Yuebai, and handed the book in front of him.

"Please teacher sister, what does this sentence mean?"

Jiang Yuebai was stunned for a moment, Lu Nanzhi was the proud son of her class, with unparalleled aptitude and understanding, why would she come to ask her questions?

And they had just fought, how could she be calm and unconcerned?

"Did I ask something wrong?" Lu Nanzhi wondered.

Thinking of what Lu Ying said that day, Jiang Yuebai bit her lower lip and asked, "Lu Nanzhi, won't you look down on me? I'm a handyman disciple, and you are the inner sect's arrogance."

"I can be in the inner sect because of the gift of the spirit body from heaven, not my own ability, so I don't think I am superior. If I change my body with you, I am afraid that you will be more accomplished than me."

"You want to flatter and kill me?" Jiang Yuebai narrowed her eyes alertly like a little fox.

"This is the truth. If it weren't for that, why would Elder Li ask me to ask you about the matter of water making ice?"

Jiang Yuebai's heart was moved, she really thought so!

"I understand Elder Li's painstaking efforts. He is afraid that I will rely on my spiritual body and see no one in my eyes, so he wants me to understand that there are others. I am afraid that you will be self-deprecating because of your aptitude, so he wants me to reassure you. I am afraid that it is his intention to punish you and me to face the wall together today." For this reason, Elder Li really values ​​you."

"How can you be so... transparent?"

Jiang Yuebai was surprised, feeling that compared with Lu Nanzhi, she didn't understand people's hearts at all.

Lu Nanzhi's eyes flickered slightly, "There are disciples from the Xiuxian family who are more transparent than me. There is no one else, only life and death can comprehend you."

Jiang Yuebai saw Lu Nanzhi's indifference before and thought she was arrogant, but only now did she realize that she was lazy at a young age who saw through the world and people's hearts.

Too lazy to waste expressions and emotions on things that are meaningless to her.

"Senior Sister Lu, I was the one who went too far earlier."

Jiang Yuebai sincerely apologized, she was indeed in a bad mood to make things difficult for Lu Nanzhi at that time, and she didn't speak well.

"I'm also impatient, and I'm really sorry for making a move on you."

"But Senior Sister Lu, in my opinion, you are not impatient. Why are you so eager to understand Shui Shengbing?"

Lu Nanzhi glanced at Xie Jingshan, who was asleep reading a book in the distance, and confided in a slow voice.

"Born with a water spirit body and excellent aptitude for furnaces, my mother was a genius for half her life, but she was tricked into the Lu family and became a stepping stone for my father to conceive a baby. In the end, her spirit body was useless and she could only train my father in the deep house. There are endless new loves around me.”

"I'm just like her. I was married at birth, and when I formed an alchemy, I would marry and be a wife to maintain the prosperity of the Lu family. I don't want to follow in her footsteps. Therefore, I want to cultivate the way of killing and destroying, and change my fate against the sky! "

Jiang Yuebai's pupils shook. It turned out that everyone had a heartache behind them. She was not the only one fighting against the sky. Everyone was disobedient and trying to break free from the shackles of fate.

Jiang Yuebai smiled frankly, moved her body closer to Lu Nanzhi, took the book in her hand and put it aside.

"Actually, I hit the threshold of Shui Shengbing by mistake, and I don't know how to use it yet. I can only tell you what I know. You can watch me perform the Vegetation Art first..."

In the grass, Xie Jingshan covered his face with a book and snored everywhere.

The two people on the opposite side got together, one fingertips surrounded by green lights, tirelessly, the other frowning tightly, concentrating on it.


		