

There is a way for Qingyun to arrive at the end, and the evening sun is towering towards Jiuzhong.

Even if there is a strong wind blowing up from the ground, I will ride the wind and break through thousands of miles.


Jiuchong Mountain Range, under Qingyun Ridge.

Faint multicolored rays of light flashed on the spirit test tablet, among which the blue light was the most intense, and the rest were almost the same.

"The root of the five spirits is the main tree, and the root value is five, and the other four are low."

Hong Tao, the majestic middle-aged steward of Tianyan Sect next to the spirit test tablet, held the last wooden sign, frowning and scanning the girl in front of him.

Her face was dirty and skinny, with sparse yellow hair sticking wetly on her forehead, her hands were covered with blood, her knees were torn, and there was only one grass shoe left on her feet.

Unlike others who were sent by her family, she climbed up the nine-layered mountain range by herself. Although she was embarrassed, her black eyes were as bright as stars, staring at the wooden sign in Hong Tao's hand that could determine her future destiny.

"How many more are there?"

"Senior brother, this is the last one, and it happens to be 365 people today."

Hearing this, Hong Tao threw the wooden sign in front of the girl, and the girl quickly grasped the wooden sign with both hands, but he didn't let go.

"There are quite a few five spiritual roots in this batch, but your spiritual root value is the worst. Even if you get started, you can only be a handyman disciple, and you may not be able to build a foundation for the rest of your life, understand?"

The six-year-old Jiang Yuebai had never even seen an immortal before, so how could he understand the meaning of poor aptitude, miscellaneous disciples and not being able to build a foundation.

All she knew was that once she entered the fairy gate, she would not have to suffer from hunger or cold, and could fly to the sky, and that bad woman with the red flower would no longer be able to be taken back to the kiln.

She nodded hastily, and pulled the wooden sign with both hands, as if pulling a life-saving straw.

As soon as Hong Tao let go, Jiang Yuebai fell on the ground, and the group of children next to him burst into laughter.

Jiang Yuebai didn't feel embarrassed either, she bared her teeth and smiled, her eyes were like crescent moons, and she was especially smart.

"Go and stand over there."

Jiang Yuebai got up and stood next to those little boys. Seeing that there was a fair and beautiful boy who was dressed luxuriously and was taller than her, she hurriedly straightened her back and stood on tiptoe, like a young seedling full of vitality.

The boy glared at her, and then stood up straight, struggling secretly.

The breeze is gentle, the bamboo leaves are rustling, and the fairy mist on the fairy steps is misty, like a dream or an illusion.

Hong Tao led more than a dozen white-clothed disciples to stand in front of the immortal steps, scanning the youthful and youthful faces covered in the evening light.

"Spiritual root is the key to the immortal gate, but it is the heart that determines whether you can set foot on the Qingyun immortal road. This is the way to ascend the immortal stage, and it is also the way to ask the heart."

"Before sunset, the ninety-nine steps to enter the inner door, the sixty-six steps to the outer door, and the rest are handymen."

As soon as the words fell, Jiang Yuebai found that all the children became nervous. She looked innocently at the cloud-covered stairs, winding like a dragon, wandering through the bamboo forest without knowing the end.

"It's just climbing the stairs, what's the problem?"

The boy next to him rolled his eyes, "Fool!"

Jiang Yuebai frowned, and tipped her toes higher, immediately overtaking the boy by half a head, and pouted triumphantly.

The boy gritted his teeth and continued to fight secretly on tiptoe.

"Climb to the Immortal Steps, wait..."

"Wait!"

A ray of light fell in front of everyone, and Jiang Yuebai opened his eyes curiously when he saw Yujian Feixian for the second time.

It was a white-haired, fairy-like old man, holding a girl with a proud face in his hand.

Seeing the girl's appearance clearly, Jiang Yuebai turned pale, and stepped back.

Lin Suiwan, someone sent her to the second miss of the Lin family in Yong'an City who bought her in a kiln.

As soon as the old man appeared, Hong Tao and other Tianyan Sect disciples immediately cupped their hands and said, "Elder Lin."

Lin Xiangtian nodded and pulled Lin Suwan to his side.

"I'm really sorry for being late. This is a descendant of my Lin family. This junior with three spiritual roots has only been born in three generations. Please also ask Guanshi Hong to add her name to the clan register."

Hong Tao frowned, "Elder Lin, today we have collected three hundred and sixty-five people. The number is determined by the Supreme Elder, and no more can be added."

Lin Xiangtian said indifferently: "Then reduce one first, why not replace the three spirit roots with the four or five spirit roots with the worst qualifications?"

Lin Xiangtian glanced at the children, everyone's scalps tightened, Jiang Yuebai hurriedly covered his token.

Hong Tao frowned and didn't look sideways, but the junior behind him raised his finger to Jiang Yuebai.

"That child is from the five spirit roots."

As soon as he finished speaking, Hong Tao turned his head and gave him a hard look, but it was already too late.

With a flick of Lin Xiangtian's sleeve, Jiang Yuebai was swept up by a gust of wind, and fell heavily in front of several people, the token just fell at Lin Suwan's feet.

Jiang Yuebai didn't care about the pain, she rushed over to hold the token with hands and feet, but unexpectedly, a foot wearing moccasin boots firmly stepped on her hand.

"So it's you bitch!"

Hearing the sound, several people looked at Lin Suwan.

"Wan Wan recognizes her?" Lin Xiangtian asked.

Lin Suiwan looked arrogant, "She used to be a maid by my side, and I bought her for stealing my jewelry."

His hand was crushed to the bone, Jiang Yuebai stubbornly raised his head, "I didn't!"

No one listened to her, Lin Xiangtian said to Hong Tao: "Look at Guanshi Hong, this kid is not only poor in aptitude, but also has problems in conduct. How can he get into my Tianyan Sect? It's better to rush down the mountain as soon as possible."

Hong Tao remained silent, just looking at Jiang Yuebai's feet worn out from climbing the Jiuchong Mountain.

At this time, Jiang Yue's white hair was ruthless, and she bit Lin Suwan's ankle, and while she was screaming in pain, she grabbed the token and pressed it in her arms.

"This is my token, I have spiritual roots and I can practice!"

She curled up in a ball on the ground, tensing up with all her strength, protecting the token and her head and face, her movements were so proficient that she seemed to have practiced it thousands of times.

"Why did you grab my token when you were late? I didn't steal your stuff, I didn't!!"

Everyone cast sympathetic glances at Jiang Yuebai, but that was all.

Lin Xiangtian smiled contemptuously, raised his hand and flicked it lightly, Jiang Yuebai flew out and slammed into the nearby rock hard.

Severe pain struck, blood spurted out, and the token fell to the ground.

Lin Xiangtian hooked his fingers slightly, and the token flew into his hand. Seeing the blood stains on it, Lin Xiangtian showed a bit of distaste, swept away the clean dust technique, and it was brand new.

Jiang Yuebai got up, with tears in her eyes, as well as deep grievance and fear.

She can protect the steamed bun from the hands of mortals, but she cannot protect the token from the hands of immortals.

"Elder Lin, he's just a child who doesn't know much about the world, so don't miss the time for Deng Xian to ask his heart."

Hong Tao couldn't help but say something, and Lin Xiangtian restrained himself.

"Climbing to the Immortal Steps is open, you take the token and climb quickly!"

With Hong Tao's order, all the children grabbed their tokens and stepped onto the stairs one after another to disappear.

Lin Xiangtian handed the token to Lin Suwan, and lovingly rubbed the top of her head, "Go, the ancestor is waiting for you in Tianyanzong."

Lin Suiwan nodded obediently, and when he passed Jiang Yuebai, he shook his head triumphantly, waved his token and stepped onto the immortal steps.

Lin Xiangtian Yujian left, Hong Tao sighed, and walked to Jiang Yuebai's side.

"Aptitude and cultivation base determine everything in the realm of comprehension. Among them, cruelty is just a glimpse of you today. With your aptitude, entering the Tianyan Sect to bathe in blood and seek immortality is not as good as the world for dozens of years. Watching your journey is not easy. This little gold Keep the silver, go back and find a way out."

Jiang Yuebai looked at the little yellow croaker thrown in front of her. She didn't know that there were immortals in the world, and she wanted so much gold and silver in her dreams, to eat all the delicious food in Yong'an City.

But now she suddenly understood that even if she had the little yellow croaker, she couldn't protect it, just like she couldn't protect her token.

People who are stronger than her can make her lose everything, even her life, just by waving their hands casually.

She doesn't understand much reason, only the instinct of survival, and the stubborn stubbornness of children in order to get what they want.

"I don't want the little yellow croaker, I want my token!"

Jiang Yuebai threw the little yellow croaker viciously, got up and rushed up the fairy steps.

Hong Tao and the others didn't stop them, and they would be bounced off without a token, and even if she hit her hard once, she could completely give up.

At this moment, a sudden change occurred.

A faint golden light flashed between Jiang Yuebai's brows, who was supposed to be bounced away, but she rushed up the immortal steps and disappeared before everyone's eyes.


		