

Jiang Yuebai moved her fingers, and the ice shell fell off. She twisted her beautiful eyebrows, recalled the process of casting the spell just now, and tried again.

The water aura is drawn from the dantian, and it is used with the grass and wood tactics, the aura is shaken, and it fails.

Jiang Yuebai refused to admit defeat, and continued to try. Halfway through the technique, she failed again.

She tried several times and failed without exception.

But it was clearly successful just now, the effect of that grass and tree formula was much stronger than the previous grass and tree formula, the seedling under her feet not only regained its vitality, but also grew much taller than other seedlings.

Water grows wood, it must be the water aura that strengthens the grass and wood art, she understands this.

What she was curious about was what happened to the ice that was left on her hand at the end.

At this time, a cold light flashed in front of his eyes, and the seedlings that had only been nourished by her were frozen again. With the strongest one as the center, the frost spread rapidly towards the surroundings.

"Bugs!"

Jiang Yuebai gritted her teeth, flipped the hand formula, and injected the sharp edge into the seedling.

Consciousness entered the world of Qingmeng, but before finding the ice beetle, Jiang Yuebai shuddered and was locked by a deep cold.

With the sound of breaking wind, crystal blue ice pierced his face, and Jiang Yuebai's consciousness was shattered.

Well!

Jiang Yuebai fell to the ground with a muffled groan, his face was pale and his veins were bulging, his nosebleeds gushed out, and the pain in his head was unbearable.

"What kind of bug, how can it still shoot ice spikes."

Jiang Yuebai got up slowly and looked for Tao Fengnian, intending to ask for help. Seeing that his grandfather was busy in the medicine field in the distance, he resisted the thought of asking for help.

The frost in front of him is still spreading, and the Lieyang water in his hand is only an empty glass bottle. If he doesn't do something, the seedlings of Lingmai, grandpa, will all be destroyed.

Jiang Yue, who wanted to share for Tao Fengnian, was heartbroken, wiped off the nosebleed, and went to the seedling again.

She was concentrating, like a sneaking assassin, carefully injecting her edge into the seedlings.

Pushing away the blue mist, Jiang Yuebai's pupils shook.

The ice-blue beetle, which is bigger than the water tank, is like a king, entrenched in the center of the green mist world and watching all directions, frantically absorbing the vitality of the surrounding plants and trees.

The hard carapace is crystal clear, and the dark green light flickers in the carapace, overflowing with cold mist, lingering around the whole body, making the sound of ice crystals colliding.

Is this the ice beetle king recorded in "Strange Things"?

It's different, the ice beetle king doesn't have that dark green light in his body.

Whizzing!

The ice beetle king noticed Jiang Yuebai's sharpness, and the cold mist burst out all over his body, and two ice arrows shot out.

The situation was critical, Jiang Yuebai instinctively ran the star chasing step, and manipulated the sharp hatchet to dodge the ice arrow, and his eyes lit up immediately.

That's right, since she can use the chopping knife method here, she can also use the star chasing step.

Bullying the Lantern Monster these days, her footwork and saber technique are blended, it's already instinctive, and she treats it as a real battle, knowing the Ice Beetle King first.

With a certain thought, amidst the surging green energy around him, Jiang Yuebai's outline seemed to appear, holding a hatchet to kill the ice beetle king.

Ding!

The sharp hatchet that had killed countless ice beetles struck the insect king's back, the cold mist shook away, and the fire burst out.

The ice beetle king was shocked, a crack appeared on the back armor, and many dents corroded by the Lieyang water were also exposed.

Jiang Yuebai was in high spirits, the ice arrow hit his face, he turned to dodge, as nimble as a bee.

The hatchet slashed wildly around the ice beetle king. It couldn't move by itself, relying on the hard ice shell to defend, and the ice fog turned into ice arrows to attack.

Ding ding ding!

Sparks splashed on the thick ice armor, and the cracks gradually increased. Jiang Yuebai's eyes were fierce, and he jumped up vigorously with knives in both hands.

Jiang Yuebai's whole body was agitated with aura, and his consciousness and aura converged a little, and he slashed fiercely at the gap in the carapace.

boom!

With a single blow, the ice beetle king turned into white mist and disappeared without a trace.

Just as he was about to pursue him, Jiang Yuebai's brain exploded.

[Congratulations, your spiritual consciousness has just formed, and the sea of ​​consciousness has opened]

Just like the heaven and the earth first opened, one splits into two, the clear air rises, and the turbid air sinks.

Jiang Yuebai 'saw' the darkness, the void, the thunder and lightning, the violent wind, and the green mist in the surrounding area, as well as the cold air left by the insect king, were all sucked into the newly opened sea of ​​consciousness.

In a blink of an eye, when Jiang Yuebai's consciousness withdrew from the seedlings, all the surrounding seedlings withered, and the ice blue ladybug the size of a peanut separated its carapace and stretched out its wings, flying towards the sky.

Regardless of checking the status of the newborn Sea of ​​Consciousness, Jiang Yuebai instinctively clamored that he must catch this bug.

"Where to run!"

Jiang Yuebai drew out the real hatchet from the back of his waist, aimed at the ice beetle king and slashed vigorously.

The insect king was sensitive, dodging the knife light, and gradually flew away.

Jiang Yuebai looked at the sky and was annoyed. At this moment, the sky and the earth shook.

With Tiangang Peak as the center, several beams of light rose from each peak to the sky, dispelling the clouds and splitting the sky, spreading out a huge golden array and rotating slowly under the sky.

As if being hit on the head by a heavy hammer, Jiang Yuebai suddenly knelt down on the ground, and the fleeing Ice Beetle King Meteor fell to the ground, falling straight in front of her, struggling to fly.

Jiang Yuebai was overjoyed, and hurriedly trapped the Ice Beetle King with a glass bottle containing Lieyang Water, and put the cork on it. The breath of Lieyang Water in the bottle made the Ice Beetle King fearful and dared not move.

After finishing all this, Jiang Yuebai took off the bamboo hat, shook off the wind and snow all over his body, with bloodstains under his nose, looked up and looked around.

The night was heavy and the snowflakes were flying upside down.

Mixed with ice-blue beetles, speckled and spotted, they flew to the sky one after another, which was spectacular.

The sky and the earth are clear and bright, the shadow of the moon is hazy, and the array formed by countless mysterious runes rotates slowly, dotted with stars all over the sky.

The nun in plain clothes stands with her hands behind her back, and the stars swim around her body, full of spirituality.

The female cultivator is to the array, and the mayfly is to the Kunpeng.

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were attracted by the female cultivator, and she couldn't move half an inch away. She couldn't see the female cultivator's face clearly, and only saw her lightly waving her hands.

A ray of light suddenly poured down from the eastern mountain peak.

The array collapsed, thousands of stars fell, and she was the only one who did not move!

Ink hair flying, clothes hunting.

The shock of this moment made Jiang Yuebai's eyes widen to the extreme, and what he saw was blazing and dazzling.

See the sky tear the darkness, see the ice and snow melt, see the earth rejuvenate, see all the haze disappear.

A snow disaster that almost killed everyone was calmed down with a wave of her hand!

The morning sun shines on the face, and the ice and snow melts all over the body.

Jiang Yuebai still stood there with her head up, there was no female cultivator there, only the raging fire in her heart could not be extinguished.

She wanted the power to shake the sky with her hand.

Never for a moment has Jiang Yuebai longed for strength like this moment.

Under the shadow cage, with Tao Fengnian's aura, Jiang Yuebai asked tremblingly, "Grandpa, who is she?"

"The head of Tiangang Peak, Fuyi Zhenjun Zhao Fuyi, kills a person in ten steps, and never stays behind for thousands of miles. When things happen, Fuyi goes away, and hides his merit and fame."

"She is an array mage. Today, Yan Zong's Nascent Soul is the most powerful in battle, and she is well-known in the entire earth and spirit world. A hundred years ago, she guarded the pass alone and killed thousands of ghosts on Wentian Island. Fame."

Jiang Yuebai withdrew his gaze towards the sky, his eyes gradually became firmer, and for the first time, he had a clear goal.

"Grandpa, I want to be a formation master!"


		