

The deep forest is silent, and there is no one in the sky above the fairy steps.

When the cold wind blew, Jiang Yuebai shivered, hugged herself tightly, and limped up.

Every time she took a step, she felt a stone being pressed on her shoulders, making her steps heavy.

Gritting her teeth to resist, Jiang Yuebai rushed up the ten steps in one breath, when a dying woman fell on the ground suddenly appeared in front of her.

"Daughter!"

Jiang Yuebai burst into tears, and rushed to the woman's side.

The woman was so hungry that only a layer of skin was left on the bones, her lips were chapped, and she raised her hand to touch Jiang Yuebai's face.

"Yue'er, mother is too tired to walk, and I can't find anything for Yue'er to eat. Let's rest here and don't go, okay? After a good night's sleep, Yue'er will definitely wake up." Will return to a good family."

Jiang Yuebai was shocked, and suddenly stood up and moved away from the woman.

"You are not my mother, my mother would not say such a thing."

Jiang Yuebai recalled when she was four years old, in times of drought and chaos, three years of severe drought in her hometown, everyone came out to flee, her father died, her younger brother died, her mother did not survive in the end, only her life was hard, crawling from the pile of dead people come out.

"Yue'er, climb, you have to climb out even if you are the only one left, you have to live for mother, otherwise mother will not feel at ease even if she becomes a ghost!"

Jiang Yuebai pursed her lips to hold back her tears, watching the woman in front of her smile and disappear, turning into a ray of breeze wrapping around her body, making her feel relaxed.

"Mother, Yue'er misses you so much."

Jiang Yuebai knew it was fake, but she still felt pain in her heart. She wiped away her tears, took advantage of the breeze, and tried her best to move forward.

The twentieth step!

As soon as the breeze subsided, the huge pressure made her kneel on the stone steps fiercely, and saw the little beggars who used to snatch food from her, holding sticks in their hands, looking fierce.

"It's not a small skill, to ask for steamed buns to eat, hand it over, or I will kill you today."

Jiang Yuebai trembled all over, terrified in her heart, but clenched her fists and shouted, "I'm not afraid of you!"

After finishing speaking, she relied on her vigor to climb up against the sticks of the group of little beggars.

She was in severe pain, and she was covered in cold sweat. A stick hit her leg. She knelt down and continued to climb, using her hands and feet together.

The thirtieth step!

The little beggars behind all disappeared, and the cool wind swept over the body, and the pain disappeared.

Before Jiang Yuebai had time to be happy, she slapped her across the face.

Snapped!

"You're just a servant girl next to Miss, and you dare to learn calligraphy secretly? Since the lady wife praised you for being sensitive and eager to learn, then you should go to the kiln and study hard! Pull away!"

The ferocious fat nanny blocked the way, and the boy who suddenly appeared dragged her down the stairs.

"What's wrong with my handwriting, let me go, I don't accept it!"

Jiang Yuebai roared angrily, but she was pulled further and further away, no matter how hard she struggled, it was useless.

That female teacher was kind enough to teach her how to read and even changed her name to Jiang Yuebai, but what hurt her was people's hearts.

Repeating the same trick, Jiang Yuebai bit the boy's arm, desperately climbed up, and when she reached the fat nanny, she threw her down.

"I'm right, I not only want to learn characters, I also want to learn more and better things in the future, I'm not afraid of you!"

The illusion disappeared again, and this time there was no breeze, only a bone-chilling wind.

"I can't stop, my mother said, as long as I still have the strength, I have to crawl like hell."

Jiang Yuebai gritted her teeth, and continued to go up under more and more pressure. No matter what she saw, she told herself not to be afraid.

This road to immortality was pointed out to her by the immortal.

That day when she escaped from the kiln and ran all the way into the mountains, when she was almost caught back again, she saw the most beautiful light in her life.

Like the moonlight falling from the sky, those bad guys were blown out in an instant.

She looked up and saw the moon rising from the mountains and the vast sea of ​​clouds.

The female fairy in Tsing Yi sits on the sword, with lazy eyes and fluttering clothes, carrying a jug of wine, unrestrained.

"Little friend, why do you still run when you know you can't run?"

Jiang Yuebai's pupils trembled, and she opened her mouth for a long while before finding her own voice.

"What if... just ran away?"

"Stupid."

The female fairy raised her head to drink, Jiang Yuebai knelt down and kowtowed vigorously.

"I beg the immortal to accept me, I want to learn the magic of immortality."

The female fairy wiped the alcohol from the corner of her mouth with her sleeve, and said lazily, "I can't take it, I have to fly up soon. Today, Huang Tang was dizzy and shot, disturbing your life. I also use this crap. If it doesn’t work, I’ll give you compensation.”

As soon as the words fell, the female fairy suddenly appeared in front of Jiang Yuebai, the light gauze skirt brushed her cheeks, and pressed her head with one hand.

The fairy caresses my top, and the hair is tied for longevity.

A golden light flashed, Jiang Yuebai opened his eyes blankly, but didn't feel any difference.

"Here, head east, cross the Nine Layers Mountain Range, and step onto the top of Qingyun, which is where the Immortal Gate is."

Jiang Yuebai looked anxious, the Nine Layers Mountain Range was full of dangers, how could she get over it by herself.

"Don't worry, I will show you the way, you will definitely be there, don't worry about wolves, tigers and leopards, it just depends on how long you can last."

The female fairy Yujian went away and disappeared among the vast sea of ​​clouds, leaving only a drunken sentence behind.

"Immortals have a way, relying on a pair of mallards on the soles of their feet, soaring through the world and wandering in the rivers and lakes. Danqiu in the east, Taihua in the west, travel to the North Sea and Cangwu in the north... Remember, the road to immortality must be fought for!"

The road to immortality is long and endless.

Jiang Yuebai crawled forward with her head buried, a golden word faintly flashed between her brows.

fight!

Fight for a breath, fight for a way.

clang--

The sound of the bell was loud and solemn.

The last ray of light in the sky disappeared, Jiang Yuebai was frozen in place, and other figures appeared around him one after another.

She didn't know which step she was on at the moment, there was still a long step ahead, and seven or eight people were scattered all over the step.

The farthest she could see was a girl, and the one who was a little behind that girl was the white boy who was next to her and called her a fool.

"To be able to climb that high must be a very powerful person."

Jiang Yuebai couldn't help being envious, but she immediately took a breath and looked back to see how many people were not as good as her with the worst qualifications.

As the stairs go down, there are more and more people.

Among those people, she saw Lin Suwan.

Looking at each other, Jiang Yuebai raised his chin slightly, Lin Suwan's eyes were red instantly, he squatted down aggrieved and began to cry.

She tried her best to pass the sixty-sixth step to enter the outer door, how could she be overtaken by a lowly stinky girl.

The others were also surprised, envious, and looked at Jiang Yuebai with jealousy, making her all the attention.

The position she is at right now is the eighty-first step.

Standing on the flying sword and looking down at the entire ladder, Hong Tao had already expected the level of these children when he tested the origin of the spiritual root records.

Seeing Lu Nanzhi, Shen Huaixi and Xie Jingzhou climbing up the ninety-ninth step, he was not surprised at all, and most of the rest were as he expected, until he saw Jiang Yuebai standing upright on the eighty-first step, he was surprised His eyes widened.

She was surrounded by children of three spirit roots and two spirit roots. She stood there with five spirit roots alone, eclipsing everything around her, and making all the favored children of heaven her foils.

Hong Tao couldn't help sighing inwardly. Sure enough, a child who can climb the Nine Layers of Mountains according to the ancient teachings is very strong and strong.

But her aptitude is not worthy of her heart.

"Pity……"

After Hong Tao recorded the rankings, he waved his hand, and all the children immediately appeared in the huge white marble square.

The green peak stands upright, the waterfall flies, and the clouds and mists surround it with a magnificent momentum.

Nine giant tripods are arranged on both sides, and green smoke floats out. The taste is elegant and persistent, which makes people refreshed.

Hong Tao led the disciples of Xianmen to stand in front, with a serious face, "Congratulations, you have passed the test of asking the mind, but the sect has its own rules. Today, the Tianyan Sect only accepts 365 boys to enter the school. This is the deduction of the elders Counting, there is no exception, so..."

After finishing speaking, Lin Suiwan pinched his sleeves nervously, and Hong Tao's eyes fell on Jiang Yuebai.

Jiang Yuebai clenched her teeth and met his gaze without fear.

As soon as Hong Tao raised his hand, Lin Suiwan screamed and squatted down covering his ears, and a gust of wind blew past Jiang Yuebai's ears.

Hearing an exclamation, the boy next to Jiang Yuebai was blown away and disappeared behind the square.

He was the last one in Wenxinlu, with the qualifications of the four spiritual roots, and he was kicked out of the fairy gate without even a chance to plead for it.

He didn't do anything wrong, he just didn't do enough.

Jiang Yuebai bit her lip and clenched her small fists little by little, understanding more and more the cruelty of the immortal road.

"Next, according to your rankings, distribute disciple tokens, training materials, and arrange accommodation, and ask the number one Xinlu, Lu Nanzhi, to enter the inner sect..."


		