

The next morning, foggy and rainy.

The paper cranes flew in the air, creaking and swaying from side to side like drunk.

"What's the matter? You said you were going back early in the morning, and you're still so unhappy?"

Tao Fengnian stared at the listless Jiang Yuebai and asked with concern.

Jiang Yuebai let out a long sigh, Wanniang smashed the phoenix crown last night, and died with a smile, while Hong Tao, a seven-foot man, beat the ground and cried bitterly.

Wanniang's words about seeing her in the next life, and Hong Tao's heart-rending wailing, still ringing in her ears.

"Grandpa, do you think Dao should be merciless or ruthless? Why do Wuwei Mountain people say Dao is ruthless, but Senior Brother Hong..."

Jiang Yuebai paused. Although she was young, she also knew that Wanniang's words about not seeing her in the afterlife were to tell Hong Tao not to die and to continue walking.

Tao Fengnian thought about seeing Hong Tao buying a coffin from a distance in Fangshi this morning, so he probably guessed what happened.

After deliberating for a moment, Tao Fengnian said, "Cultivating as a monk, Qi training is just the beginning, and foundation building is the real entry into Taoism. If you want to build a foundation, you must first cut off the mortal relationship, and only when the mortal relationship is exhausted can you have no worries and move forward."

"Although I don't know what happened to Hong Tao, but in Grandpa's view, he put too much emphasis on the fate of the world, and it is easy to generate demons. Grandpa failed to build the foundation because the demons were hard to get rid of."

Tao Fengnian recalled the two times of foundation building, he saw his wife at the last moment, and told about the vows he made when they got married, asking him to enter the underworld reincarnation with her, and to continue the relationship in the next life.

He knew that it was all because he couldn't let go, and it was also because he hadn't found a reason for him to persevere despite everything.

But it's different now, Tao Fengnian looked at Jiang Yuebai, the corners of his lips slightly curled up, and he will surely succeed in the third foundation building.

Jiang Yuebai frowned, "That is to say, the Dao should be ruthless? But I think it's wrong. I think Brother Hong is more determined than before, and he will succeed in building the foundation."

"You are still young, there are some things that you will naturally understand when you grow up."

Jiang Yuebai remained silent, Tao Fengnian didn't disturb her thinking, and silently took out the flying nuclear boat that Jiang Yuebai gave him to practice.

Seventh-grade magical artifacts are mostly used by foundation-building monks. He has completed Qi training, and it still takes a few days to practice, but he is only using this thing temporarily, and will return it to Jiang Yuebai when she reaches the late stage of Qi training.

Jiang Yuebai thought about it for a long time, didn't understand and didn't think about it anymore, took out the glass bottle and continued to practice the Ice Beetle King, and practiced again this time, and it was done.

It's just that with her current level of consciousness, it is very difficult to control the ninth-grade strange insects, and she can only activate the ice armor or freeze once.

The paper cranes are high and low, flying close to the top of the forest for half a day.

The world is dark, the fog is getting thicker, and the wild wolves in the forest are howling.

After Jiang Yuebai finished training the Ice Beetle King, a chill ran down his spine, and he shivered suddenly.

"wrong!"

Tao Fengnian's expression turned serious, and he took out a Golden Bell Talisman and threw it up.

Before the talisman glowed, several thorny green vines shot out from the forest below.

boom!

The paper crane was torn apart among the vines, and Tao Fengnian protected Jiang Yuebai from falling from a high altitude, hitting the mossy ground heavily.

The woods were dark, and Jiang Yuebai was in severe pain. Before he could see the situation clearly, he saw Tao Fengnian took out the pipe and took a sharp puff, exhaling a large cloud of white smoke, which instantly enveloped the two of them.

"grandfather?"

"Do not talk!"

The wooden box was stuffed into Jiang Yuebai's hands, and she was guarded behind Tao Fengnian, watching him first throw a small flag from the storage bag, which turned into golden light and disappeared into the white smoke.

Immediately afterwards, he took out a sickle with a chain from the storage bag, and held it in his hand with full vigilance.

Jiang Yuebai swallowed her saliva, hugged the wooden box, and tightly grasped the glass bottle hidden in her sleeve, white smoke filled the surroundings, and she couldn't see anything.

The deep and mournful melody suddenly came, and the air flow rolled, and ripples appeared with the ups and downs of the melody, dispelling the white smoke.

Jiang Yuebai's mind buzzed, and it was difficult to concentrate amidst the melody, only feeling the sky and the earth spinning, and the trees doubled.

"This is a method of sound cultivation, don't let up on resistance."

Tao Fengnian tapped the center of the eyebrows, Jiang Yuebai woke up for a moment, and hurriedly circulated the aura with all his strength.

Looking around, Jiang Yuebai saw a stern female cultivator in black standing on a big tree ten feet away, with thorns and vines wrapped around her body like snakes, holding xun with both hands, playing faintly.

Under the tree, there was a scar-faced male cultivator in leather armor and carrying a big knife, standing beside the gray-haired demon wolf, staring at it with evil intentions.

The woman in black has seven levels of Qi training, the man with the scarred face has nine levels of Qi training, and that demon wolf has the strength of seven levels of Qi training at least.

Before waiting for the other party to say anything, Tao Fengnian said first: "You rob the road to make money, the old man will give you all the things on your body, there is no need to hurt people's lives."

As soon as the words fell, the scar-faced man looked up at the black-clothed woman.

The woman in black raised her eyebrows, "It's the first time I've seen you in this way after so many robberies. Hand over everything on your body and let you go."

Jiang Yuebai stared at Tao Fengnian with wide eyes, and Tao Fengnian swiftly threw the storage bag, cigarette stick, and hand lock sickle all under his feet, and the surrounding golden light loomed, like an upside-down bowl, protecting the two of them and their belongings.

"The old man's belongings are all here. When we go far enough, this formation will dissipate on its own."

The woman in black glanced down, and her eyes fell on Jiang Yuebai, "Her hand over too."

Tao Fengnian turned his head and looked over, Jiang Yuebai gritted his teeth and struggled, finally resigned to his fate, pulled out the storage bag from his skirt and threw it on the ground, only hugging the wooden box tightly.

She knew that there were flowers in the wooden box. Although she didn't know what kind of flower it was, Tao Fengnian still hugged it while sleeping, which meant it was very important.

"Put down the wooden box, too."

As soon as these words came out, Tao Fengnian tensed up all over.

"It's just a worthless flower and plant in the wooden box."

Tao Fengnian lifted the lid of the wooden box, revealing the contents for the woman in black to see.

"This old man is the spiritual cultivator of the Tianyan Sect. This item was found by a Yuanying Zhenjun who loves to grow flowers and plants in the sect. However, it looks a bit weird and there is nothing special about it. The old man gave you all the belongings. There's no need to add extra branches."

The woman in black really couldn't see anything special about the flowers and plants, and she was a little apprehensive when she heard Tao Fengnian revealing her identity.

At this moment, the man with the scarred face under the tree pointed his sword, "Stop talking nonsense, if you are told to pay it, hurry up, or I will kill you and feed it to the wolf."

Tao Fengnian's intention to resist was obvious, and the woman in black suddenly became suspicious.

"Old man, are you playing tricks on us and deliberately giving us some rags, but the real valuable thing is the flower?"

Tao Fengnian sighed, "Since you insist on wanting it, then I will give it to you."

Tao Fengnian turned to face Jiang Yuebai, put his hands on the wooden box and said quickly, "Stay in the formation and don't move."

As soon as the words were finished, Tao Fengnian turned around and smashed out two fiery red balls.

boom! boom!

As soon as the fire was lit, Tao Fengnian picked up the locked sickle on the ground and threw it out.

Zheng!

The sound of Jin Ge clashing came, and Jiang Yuebai saw Tao Fengnian's lock and sickle tightened, and he was pulled so that he staggered forward and almost fell.

Watching the flames dissipate ahead, the charred vines in front of the woman in black turned into ashes and fell down. The man with the scarred face had a horizontal knife in front of him, and the sickle was hooked on it.

"Old man, you are courting death!!"

The scar-faced man pulled hard, and Tao Fengnian flew into the air. The demon wolf roared and killed him, heading straight for the door.

"grandfather!"

Jiang Yuebai dropped the object in his hand, quickly made a tactic and shot with his fingers, Geng Jin's sharp edge flashed swiftly.

Pooh!

Blood spattered, the wolf whimpered and smashed to the ground, and the entire eyeball was shattered by the sharp edge.


		