

The long night is long, and the moon and stars are rare.

Jiang Yuebai sat cross-legged on the bed, her eyes were lightly closed, and her breathing was smooth.

[You start to exercise your energy and move your energy, and the golden spirit is drawn from the pubic region. You go to the wrong acupuncture point, and your exercise fails]

[You started to practice Qigong and Qi... You went to the wrong acupuncture point again, and the exercise failed]

【...failed luck】

【...failed luck】

An hour passed in the blink of an eye, and after twenty-three failures, Jiang Yuebai's body was sore, his dantian was empty and tight, and a sense of frustration surged in his heart.

Thinking of Xie Jingshan who is talented and hardworking, Jiang Yuebai took a deep breath, maybe he is already proficient in Qi and has started to learn spells, not to mention there is an even more powerful Lu Nanzhi above him.

Jiang Yuebai stabilized his mind, took out the jade slip and stuck it between his eyebrows.

In the darkness, she 'saw' a transparent person sitting cross-legged with five hearts facing the sky, thumbs facing each other, and hands folded on the lower abdomen.

The golden light comes out from the pubic region, lights up the golden dots of the acupuncture points, travels inside and outside the lungs, flows into the inner side of the right arm, points out from the right thumb, injects into the left thumb, travels upwards from the inner side of the left arm, and finally returns to the dantian form a cycle.

Completing this cycle is considered a successful qi movement.

Jiang Yuebai carefully compared the exercise routes in the jade slips to familiarize himself with the acupuncture points on his body, and summed up his failure experience.

The human body has 720 acupuncture points and 12 meridians. The reason why she always fails is because she cannot accurately identify the acupuncture points and meridians.

After thinking about it, Jiang Yuebai found out "Qi Yin Jue", which contained detailed diagrams of acupuncture points and meridians.

Since she is not talented enough to understand, then use the most stupid way!

Jiang Yuebai took out the embroidery needle and lifted up his sleeves, and pressed the acupuncture points according to the picture. Every time he found an acupuncture point, he would use the needle to prick it down, using the pain to let himself remember the position.

After a lot of work, Jiang Yuebai's entire arm and chest were covered with blood spots. She frowned and got dressed, and breathed again while the pain was still there.

Jin Xing's aura emanated from the dantian, as thin as a hair, and the induction was extremely weak. Jiang Yuebai concentrated on it carefully.

The night was long, and the cool moonlight streamed in through the window, shining on Jiang Yuebai's focused little face.

[You started to practice luck, because you couldn't find the acupuncture points, so you used self-torture methods. You are a ruthless person. If you succeed in luck, Gengjin Kungfu proficiency +1]

At the end of a Zhoutian cycle, Jiang Yuebai's dantian suddenly swelled, and then she 'saw' a small golden vortex suddenly appearing in the darkness and nothingness.

The golden light is very faint, shining faintly, turning slowly like shining stars, which is really beautiful.

Jiang Yuebai hurriedly glanced at the cultivation panel.

[Boundary] One layer of Qi training

【Gongfa】

Gengjin Kung Fu (Uninitiated: 1/10)

Seeing the proficiency in the back, Jiang Yuebai found the goal and was sure, as long as he had completed 10 exercises, he would be able to get started.

After getting started, she can start to learn the magic trick, which doesn't feel too difficult.

Jiang Yuebai smiled happily, then turned her head to look out the window, the sky was turning pale.

Meditating instead of sleeping, she didn't feel tired at all, but full of energy.

Calculated according to the time, if she doesn't fail once in one night, she can perform three complete exercises, that is to say, she will be able to start in three or five days.

But for now, I should quickly follow what my grandfather said, and when the Golden Crow first rises, I will draw Qi into my body to replenish the spiritual energy consumed throughout the night.

Early the next morning.

Tao Fengnian was cooking in the kitchen, and Jiang Yuebai followed behind Tao Fengnian like a little tail, chirping about his experience in practicing kung fu last night.

"Is it really running for a full week?"

Tao Fengnian stopped washing the rice, and looked at Jiang Yuebai in surprise.

Jiang Yuebai smiled and nodded, "Well, I saw a small golden vortex, is it in my dantian?"

Jiang Yuebai pressed her abdomen, she didn't know where the little vortex she saw was on her body.

Tao Fengnian's lips moved, and there was a whirlwind, indicating that it was a success.

Tao Fengnian was a little distracted while washing the rice. At this moment, he really wanted to thank Hong Tao for bringing this child to him.

With her gifted comprehension, as long as she works hard, and she has all the five elements, practicing "Five Elements Guizhen Gong" must be more effective than his four spiritual roots.

Qi training is easy in the early and mid-term, three to five years of hard work is enough, and the first two levels of spiritual farming are also easy, only the third to fourth levels need years of practice and comprehension, but it is not completely hopeless.

If she is admitted to the Linggeng Master in three years, this credit will allow him to ask Zongmen for a ten-year longevity pill, which is very hopeful!

After ten years of foundation building, you can take another 50-year longevity pill, and there is still a chance of cultivating the pill.

At this moment, the extinguished flame in Tao Fengnian's heart revived. Maybe he can fight again and try to last for three years.

"Grandpa? Grandpa! Misa is out!!"

Jiang Yuebai yelled at the side, and hurriedly snatched the rice bowl from Tao Fengnian's hand, pushed him aside, and picked up the spilled Lingmi one by one in distress.

Tao Fengnian wiped his hands on his body, looked at the little girl who was not as tall as the chopping board in front of him, smiled knowingly, and took out a piece of monster meat that had been hidden for a long time from the storage bag.

"Today we'll eat stewed meat. When we're full, grandpa will teach you the zama step and knife skills."

"Meat! I like it!"

Jiang Yuebai yelled in surprise, her eyes sparkled, and she swallowed uncontrollably.

The sun is rising in the east, and the rays of light are shining.

Jiang Yuebai noticed that Tao Fengnian had suddenly become harsh to her, so he talked about it during breakfast.

Sitting posture should be correct, eat slowly, don't shake your legs, don't bump the dishes, and don't pick up the dishes.

After dinner, she was tested for her literacy and memorization, and taught her "Cangjie Four Pian" and "Children's Learning Qionglin".

Then it is to gait with the book on it, and learn the magic tricks and changes while gaiting the horse.

After lunch, Tao Fengnian arranged high and low wooden piles in the courtyard, arranged in stars.

Teach her "Star Chasing Steps", and then a set of "How to Chop a Hatchet Knife".

At night, Jiang Yuebai looked at the fragrant rice bowl in front of him, feeling hungry, but his arms were sore and he couldn't hold the chopsticks.

Tao Fengnian sat beside him and gently loosened Jiang Yuebai's muscles and bones.

"Tired?"

"I'm tired, but I know that the heavens will send a great mission to the people, and I must work hard first, so I feel at ease."

Jiang Yuebai was telling the truth. Compared to being tired, she was more afraid of not letting her learn, just like in front of the mountain gate, not giving her a chance.

Tao Fengnian nodded appreciatively, and took out a pack of herbs.

"After eating, boil some water, take a bath with this medicinal material to invigorate the blood, and the pain will be gone tomorrow. Practice is difficult, but in fact it is not difficult. Do simple things repeatedly, and practice makes perfect."

"Well, I remember."

On the second day, Tao Fengnian went out to work after teaching. Jiang Yuebai was hungry for everything in the cultivation world. Even if Tao Fengnian was not around, she still seriously practiced calligraphy, horse stance, footwork, saber techniques and hand formulas.

Step by step, neither arrogant nor impatient, neither fast nor slow.


The autumn orchids are fragrant, and the spiritual valley is becoming more and more ripe.

In the spiritual field, the spiritual farmers led their apprentices to work hard, harvesting and binding the heavy crops of spiritual grain, and piled them on the field.

At this time, everyone is rich and happy.

After handing over the requirements of the sect, the rest can always be exchanged for some spiritual stone pills, which indicates that the cultivation level will improve, and the hope of establishing the foundation will go further.

Tao Fengnian harvested the spirit grain a few days earlier, and early in the morning, he used Zhenling hoe to loosen the soil, sowed the winter seeds cultivated by Chi Yan Jue, and distributed clouds and rain.

After a drizzle, young seedlings emerged from the ground, green and full of vitality.

With a satisfied smile on Tao Fengnian's face, he straightened his back and beat his lower back.

"Old Tao, you are really fast. We are still harvesting in autumn, and you have finished planting the winter seeds. How about a sip of the newly brewed red cherry fruit wine?"

Song Pei'er took off the bamboo hat and picked up the wine jar, poured a bowl of cherry pink fruit wine and handed it to Tao Fengnian.

Tao Fengnian reached out to take the bowl, Song Pei'er raised her eyebrows in surprise.

"Hey, you've been in a good mood recently, are you willing to drink the wine that this bitch like me is?"

Tao Fengnian took a sip, "Just quench your thirst."

Song Pei'er snickered, and looked around, "Didn't your sweet little girl come out to help?"

"Practice at home, didn't your apprentice also bring out?" Tao Fengnian greeted.

Song Pei'er raised her brows, "Lv Ying, she just broke through to the first level of Qi training yesterday, I let her rest and consolidate today, and start learning exercises tomorrow."

"Breakthrough in nineteen days, we are one of the apprentices in Huaxi Valley, and they are also at the middle level in the outer sect. I can learn a basic formula in less than three months, and help me share the work in the field."

Tao Fengnian remained silent. Bai Yatou had entered the "Gengjin Gong" three days ago, formally entered the first floor, and began to learn the edge art.

Song Pei'er's eyes moved slightly, and she leaned closer and asked, "How is your girl? Still haven't moved?"

Tao Fengnian drank the wine in one gulp and handed the bowl back.

"almost."

The edge trick is almost finished.

After finishing speaking, Tao Fengnian picked up the hoe and left, Song Pei'er pouted behind her back, "Knowing that your lifespan is about to expire, but the higher-ups didn't give you a better apprentice to ask you to accumulate contribution points, what's the matter with Wulinggen! "

Back in the small courtyard, Tao Fengnian opened the courtyard door and saw Jiang Yuebai standing alone on a wooden stake, the vase above his head was as stable as a rock, his hair was messy and his eyes were focused.

When the ten fingers moved, a golden glow suddenly burst out.

The Edge Jue is done!


		