

The night is quiet, lonely and cold.

Tao Fengnian couldn't eat, picked up and put down his rice bowl, kept looking towards Yinfengjian, wondering whether Jiang Yuebai was cold or hungry.

Really lost his appetite, Tao Fengnian warmed the rice in a pot and went back to the house to rest.

"Senior Sister Lu, don't stand so straight when you bow your back. We sneaked out, so don't be so confident."

"That's right, to be a thief is to act like a thief."

"What's the difference between a bow and a non-bow? The three of us are not as tall as this courtyard wall."

"Uh...it seems to be right."

Hearing the commotion, Tao Fengnian didn't even bother to put on his shoes, he pushed the door and went out, and saw three villains standing in the courtyard.

"grandfather!"

Jiang Yuebai's smiling eyes curved, and he rushed forward.

"Ugh!"

Tao Fengnian had a sore nose and tears, the little girl was only away for two days, he felt like two years.

Tao Fengnian rubbed Jiang Yuebai's head and looked up at the two people behind him.

Xie Jingshan nodded as a signal, and Lu Nanzhi bowed his hands in salute.

"Junior Lu Nanzhi, bother Tao Lao tonight, hope..."

"Grandpa is going to cook, we are starving to death."

Tao Fengnian was pushed to the kitchen by Jiang Yuebai, and Lu Nanzhi froze in place with his half-bowed body, neither getting up nor sorry.

"Pfft~"

Xie Jingshan held back his laughter, Lu Nanzhi glanced across, Xie Jingshan hurried to catch up with Jiang Yuebai.

"Cook more rice, it's better to have a bucket."

"Xie Jingshan, are you an idiot? You still want to eat Bigu Pill!"

"I want it for Lu Nanzhi."

"Nonsense, if Senior Sister Lu is younger, how can she eat a bucket of rice?"

"Will you know after a while."

"Stop talking nonsense, you have a single fire root, and you just happen to burn the fire."

"How dare you ask me to light the fire?"

Jiang Yuebai quarreled with Xie Jingshan, Tao Fengnian didn't have a sore waist or leg pain, he happily washed the rice, and didn't ask how they got here, he just brought out all the delicious food at home to entertain the friends brought back by the little girl.

Xie Jingshan couldn't say no to Jiang Yuebai, so he really sat under the stove and started to light the fire.

Tao Fengnian smiled slightly, he had heard about these two children, and they were worthy names, and seeing the little girl getting along with them, he knew that they were good children, at least much better than Lu Ying.

Not long after, the hot rice and stewed meat came out of the pot, and the aroma was so strong that both Jiang Yuebai and Xie Jingshan couldn't help wiping their saliva, but Lu Nanzhi kept the etiquette and endured it with all his might.

"Here you are, and yours."

Jiang Yuebai knelt on the stone bench and stood up to serve the rice. The bowls were placed in front of everyone.

Lu Nanzhi picked up his chopsticks, "Thank you for the move..."

"It's so hot, huh~huh~, it's so delicious."

"……treat."

Seeing Jiang Yuebai gorging on the heat, and Xie Jingshan grilling the rice vigorously, Lu Nanzhi rarely raised the corners of his lips and showed a slight smile.

Xie Jingshan was not very hungry, so he put down his chopsticks after eating a bowl of rice.

Jiang Yuebai didn't feel it if he didn't eat, and he couldn't hold it back once he ate, and he was flying with chopsticks.

Lu Nanzhi originally took his time and chewed slowly, but when he saw that the stew was getting less and less, he frowned anxiously and secretly speeded up.

In the past, the delicacies of mountains and seas in the family tasted like chewing wax, but today it is just a pot of stewed monster meat, the taste is dry, but the taste is endless.

"I can't eat any more, Senior Sister Lu, do you still eat?"

Lu Nanzhi added bowl after bowl of rice, eating elegantly, and couldn't hold back the large portion.

In the end, all the hot food in the meat basin was used to make rice, and he put down his chopsticks after eating cleanly, covering his face and wiping his mouth.

"I'm full." Lu Nanzhi blushed.

Xie Jingshan raised his eyebrows, Jiang Yuebai was dumbfounded.

Tao Fengnian sat in the distance, smoking a cigarette and beating his back, smiling. People born with spiritual bodies have amazing appetites, and the rumors are indeed true.

After eating and drinking enough, the three of them couldn't stay in Huaxi Valley, so they left early while the night was dark.

"Girl, bring these rice balls and meat with you, enough for you to eat for the next few days. If nothing happens, it's better not to sneak out."

"Don't worry, Grandpa, we have a sense of proportion."

Just as he was about to leave, Lu Nanzhi took out a pack of Lingshi and offered it with both hands.

"It's really inappropriate to harass today, and let Tao Lao spend money. I hope Tao Lao will accept this spirit stone and express his heart."

Tao Fengnian didn't reach out, Jiang Yue's face fell down.

"Lu Nanzhi, are you just seeing me like this? Or are you looking down on me?"

"I didn't mean that, it's just that I... really ate too much."

"Put away the Lingshi and go, so much nonsense!"

Crossing the mountain gorge until the bamboo raft landed on the shore, Jiang Yuebai didn't say a word to Lu Nanzhi, and Xie Jingshan didn't dare to say anything beside him.

Jiang Yuebai jumped off the bamboo raft, Lu Nanzhi was inexplicably flustered, "Junior Sister Yuebai, I didn't mean that."

Jiang Yuebai turned her head, "Then what do you mean, why didn't Xie Jingshan give me the spirit stone, but you want to give it."

Standing on the bamboo raft, Lu Nanzhi said earnestly, "The Lu family has a saying that when a gentleman meets a gentleman, he needs to be respected without loss, respectful and polite."

Hearing this, Xie Jingshan shook his head and sighed.

Jiang Yuebai was laughed angrily, "Don't you think you are so well-behaved, don't you feel tired of following the Lu family's rules and etiquette?"

Lu Nanzhi was silent.

"What you want to cultivate is the way of disobedience, why do you still abide by the Lu family's rules?"

"The way of disobedience..." Lu Nanzhi's pupils trembled slightly.

While Lu Nanzhi was in a daze, Jiang Yuebai suddenly stepped on the bamboo raft.

Plop!

Lu Nanzhi fell into the icy stream, "Junior Sister Yuebai, you..."

Snapped!

The mud bloomed on Lu Nanzhi's chest, like snow-white clothes, making a mess.

Lu Nanzhi was stunned, she was cautious in the past, her clothes were not stained with dust, she thought she was naturally clean, but now that she was covered in mud, there was no disturbance in her heart.

Seeing this, Xie Jingshan stared in horror. Lu's children, all of them are upright and elegant, have they ever been embarrassed?

Jiang Yuebai pinched the ball of mud, "Have you never been so dirty since you were a child? Let me tell you, mud is not only fun, but can also be used to practice hand formulas."

Xie Jingshan's eyes lit up, "How does the mud practice hand formula?"

Another ball of mud was smashed out, and Lu Nanzhi couldn't stop it at all.

"You pulled Lu Nanzhi's hair tie, I'll tell you." Jiang Yuebai smirked.

Xie Jingshan turned evil towards the gallbladder, he raised his hands, and the flames flew straight to the white hair band on Lu Nan's branch.

Attacked from both sides, Lu Nanzhi suddenly smiled.

That's right, she doesn't want to obey Lu's arrangements, and doesn't want to follow her mother's old ways, isn't that just disobedience?

Compared with the way of killing, she prefers the word disobedience, which makes her feel viciously happy.

If you want to disobey, disobey to the end!

Crash!

Lu Nanzhi raised his hand, the water rolled up, extinguished the flames and smashed towards Jiang Yuebai.

Like a pot of water splashing noodles, Jiang Yuebai staggered with his breath held, and was stunned like a drowned chicken.

"Haha, let's repay the world!" Xie Jingshan sneered ruthlessly.

A bigger stream of water poured down from the top of his head, Xie Jingshan's laughter stopped abruptly, and his heart felt cold.

With a smile on the corners of Lu Nanzhi's lips and a slight lift of his chin, he stood wet and proud in the stream.

"Xie Jingshan, you actually laughed at me!"

Jiang Yuebai was out of breath, and with the Earthquake, the ground at Xie Jingshan's feet loosened, his body became unstable and he fell into the stream.

"Lu Nanzhi, get him!"

Jiang Yuebai dug up two balls of mud and smashed them out with all his might, Xie Jingshan splashed in the water and was smashed all over his head.

"You two are going too far."

With a smile on his face, Lu Nanzhi leaped ashore to dig the mud with his hands, smashing it wantonly.

Jiang Yuebai and Lu Nanzhi looked at each other and smiled, smashing the mud balls at each other at the same time, showing no scruples and indulging their natures.

The silver bell laughed and resounded for ten miles.

Childhood friendship, nothing foreign.

After some fighting, the three of them were covered in mud, and they all looked like they were beaten by mothers.

Sludge is the same as disobedience, Lu Nanzhi is covered in mud, and throws all the utensils from the morning into the stream.

"From now on, I, Lu Nanzhi, will never abide by the rules of the Lu family, and will only act according to my heart!"

With clear thoughts and a relaxed mood, Lu Nanzhi tore off his hair tie, breaking the rules of not wearing hair in front of others!

"Lu Nanzhi, I was actually selfish just now."

Jiang Yuebai said suddenly, Lu Nanzhi looked over.

"You are high above me, my arms are too short to reach, and my neck hurts when I look up, so I want to pull you down. Everyone is covered in mud, and no one is more noble than the other."

Lu Nanzhi smiled, raised his hand to wipe the mud on Jiang Yuebai's face, and Jiang Yuebai bared his teeth in return with both hands.

Xie Jingshan rolled his eyes, "Childish ghost!"

As soon as the words fell, the four hands were covered with mud.

Xie Jingshan: ...

The clouds cleared and the fog cleared, and the sky was full of stars.

Beside the bonfire, Xie Jingshan was cursing and grilling meat, Jiang Yuebai cleaned her clothes and hair, and asked Lu Nanzhi to help her tie her hair.

Although being punished, Jiang Yuebai was very happy. Among the three of them, Lu Nanzhi was like the sister next door, and Xie Jingshan was like her naughty younger brother.

She, a little homesick...

"It's ready, here you are." Xie Jingshan handed the barbecue to Jiang Yuebai angrily, "I just ate it and ate it again, and you're also an idiot."

Lu Nanzhi raised his eyes, Xie Jingshan was a little timid, the main reason was that Lu Nanzhi's water spirit body could defeat his fire spirit root, he couldn't beat him, and this guy was already protecting Jiang Yuebai a bit.

Jiang Yuebai bit the flesh and asked, "Xie Jingshan, why do you want to cultivate immortality?"

Xie Jingshan sat down and looked up at the sky and sighed, "I bet my father that we must put everything first and never fall behind others. After a hundred years of cultivation, we will become the number one sword fairy in the earth and spirit world."

"Can't it be fixed?"

Xie Jingshan was annoyed, "If it can't be repaired, go home and look at the shop."

Jiang Yuebai nodded, read a book after eating the barbecue, yawned profusely, and felt tired.

"No, I'm suddenly sleepy. I'll sleep for a while."

With that said, Jiang Yuebai stuffed the book into the skirt of her clothes, and fell asleep on Lu Nanzhi's lap.

"Go and rest if you're tired, I'll watch over you." Lu Nanzhi said to Xie Jingshan.

Xie Jingshan was flattered and took a deep look at Jiang Yuebai.

Lu Nanzhi has always been unattainable in the inner sect, and strangers should not approach her. From the beginning, no one has ever seen her smile.

Even though he is only six years old, he acts like he is sixty years old.

Everything was broken today, and Xie Jingshan discovered that Lu Nanzhi also has a childish side.

Jiang Yuebai is really good at thawing icebergs, reminding him of what his mother taught him.

When interacting with people, sincerity is enough.

From Jiang Yuebai, he felt sincerity, whether it was towards him or towards Lu Nanzhi.

Now I think of Jiang Yuebai saying that he was chivalrous and courageous, eager for justice, so perfunctory and false, he can be fooled, what a stick!

Smiling secretly, Xie Jingshan took a rest under the dead tree.

Confused, he dreamed that his cultivation base was advancing by leaps and bounds, Lu Nanzhi was in a panic, and Jiang Yuebai cried and said that he could never surpass him again.

Xie Jingshan chuckled and was suddenly woken up by a slap.

"Xie Jingshan!"

Xie Jingshan sat up covering his face, seeing Lu Nanzhi's serious expression.

"Come and see Xiaobai."

Xie Jingshan got up and followed behind Lu Nanzhi, seeing Jiang Yuebai's eyes closed tightly, walking unsteadily in the direction of Yinfengjian.

Like a lost soul, unable to wake up.


		