

"I don't teach, you take her away!"

In the dark room, Jiang Yuebai looked up at Hong Tao, is this the kind person you mentioned?

Hong Tao looked at the old man who was sitting cross-legged on the bed and smoking a cigarette in a muffled voice, "Old Tao, there is an order from the Internal Affairs Hall that within a year you must teach a spiritual apprentice. If you don't accept her today, you will be sent by another handyman tomorrow." Come."

"Although this child has five spiritual roots, his performance on the way of asking his heart is no less than that of outer disciples, and he is also extremely intelligent and quick-witted. You can teach him first, maybe there will be surprises."

Snapped!

Tao Fengnian was afraid of the cigarette rod on the table, "What's the surprise? The surprise is that you want me to die. Get out, I won't accept this person!"

Jiang Yuebai was so frightened that she shrank behind Hong Tao. As a disciple in charge of the internal affairs hall, Hong Tao had a temper to some extent.

"I'm throwing her here, if you don't accept her, take her to the internal affairs hall to find the elder!"

As soon as the words fell, Jiang Yuebai was pushed out, Hong Tao turned around and left, slamming the door behind him.

Jiang Yuebai stood there in a daze, shrinking her neck, and smiled awkwardly at Tao Fengnian.

"Grandpa, I..."

"Get out!"

Jiang Yuebai shuddered all over, and ran to the courtyard with a bag on her back numbly, the door was hit by a gust of wind.

Hong Tao spoke well, she came here full of longing, what kindness? What loyalty? lie!

Ah Choo!

The moonlit night was cool, Jiang Yuebai was cold, hungry and tired, her body was covered in scars and bleeding, she couldn't run anymore, and she didn't know the way, she didn't know where to go to the huge fairy gate.

When I entered the valley just now, I saw a toad as big as a house soaking in the pond at the mouth of the valley, swallowing clouds and mist, which was very majestic.

Hong Tao said that it was the Gushou Spirit Toad, a spirit beast in the late stage of foundation establishment, and would be eaten by it if it wandered into Huaxi Valley.

Jiang Yuebai shivered, the world is the biggest life, so let's just stay here tonight.

She didn't care whether the old man agreed or not, smelling the smell, she ran to the small courtyard kitchen, and found half a bowl of warm rice in the big pot.

"What kind of rice is this? It smells so good."

cuckoo~~

The rice grains in the bowl are full and distinct, with a faint luster like white jade, exuding the original fragrance of rice, which made her salivate.

Even if the old man wanted to kill her tomorrow, she would still have to be a dead ghost.

Jiang Yuebai sat under the stove, eating with chopsticks.

After eating half a bowl of rice, Jiang Yuebai licked her mouth unsatisfied, feeling that she was not full, but her stomach was hot, her exhaustion was gone, and she felt more energetic.

The courtyard is not big, and there are three rooms facing south. Tao Fengnian lives in the main room in the north, the hut in the east is the kitchen, and the hut in the west is piled with some agricultural tools and sundries, but there is an empty bed and new bedding in the closet.

Jiang Yuebai went in to light the lamp, moved the hoe and sickle to the side, and moved the wooden basin to the water tank in the yard to fetch some water, busily coming in and out.

The moonlight was cool, and after working for more than half an hour, finally tidying up the house, Jiang Yuebai wiped off the sweat from her head and let out a long sigh of relief.

Under the warm yellow light, the farm tools are neatly placed in the corner of the room, the blue bricks on the floor are swept clean, the wooden table with missing corners is polished brightly, and the bed is covered with soft cotton bedding, which looks very comfortable.

At this moment, Jiang Yuebai finally had a sense of reality that he had come to Xianmen, but the pressure of being driven away at any time still did not disappear.

Jiang Yuebai climbed onto the wooden stool by the table, knelt on it, and unwrapped the bag Hong Tao gave. Inside was a small gray purse the size of a palm. She couldn't tear it open, and there was nothing inside when she pinched it. .

There is also a small cloth bag containing ten spars the size of walnuts. Once poured out, they overwhelm the light of the oil lamp, reflecting the whole room colorfully and radiantly.

"Wow, is this the Lingshi? I thought that the Beihai Night Pearl on Mrs. Lin's head was the most beautiful in the world."

Jiang Yuebai hastily put away the ten spirit stones, these are hers, and they must not be snatched away again.

I just don't know what ten pieces of spirit stones can buy, can I buy a sword that can fly in the sky, that's what she wants most.

After looking forward to it for a while, Jiang Yuebai picked up a black iron token, with the word 'handyman' on one side and what is the sky on the other. She didn't recognize the second word, but it should be the Yan character of Tian Yanzong.

Next to the token is a yellow paper map folded like a book, and a blue booklet with the words "Entraining Qi Jue" written on it.

Finally, there is a medicine bottle, a box of ointment, and a set of gray cloth clothes and cloth shoes.

There are six brown pills in the medicine bottle, which should be the entraining qi pill that Hong Tao mentioned, and the ointment is...

"Gold Chuang Medicine?"

Jiang Yuebai looked at the scars all over his body, smiled slightly, hurriedly fetched water to wipe his whole body, and carefully applied ointment on the wound.

Putting on the gray clothes in the baggage, which were as wide as a costume, Jiang Yuebai was only thinking about how to cut them to fit, but the gray clothes began to shrink by themselves, and finally fit her height and figure perfectly, as did the shoes on her feet.

"It's amazing, will this dress also grow bigger as I grow taller?"

Everything about Xianmen amazed and excited Jiang Yuebai, filled with endless freshness, and aroused her strong thirst for knowledge.

"If the old man drives me away tomorrow, I'll roll around on the floor and won't leave even if I'm a slob."

With wet hair, Jiang Yuebai spread out the map, and found that the map was so big that she had covered the entire bed, but half of it was still unopened.

The ink painting is lifelike, with overlapping mountains and misty clouds.

Presenting the magnificence of the Jiuzhong Mountain Range, the thirty-six peaks, and the eighty-one valleys in front of her.

Seeing the small words next to it, Jiang Yuebai stumbled and read it several times before he understood the meaning. He hurriedly cut his finger with the small dagger he carried and dripped a drop of blood on the map.

The blood was absorbed by the map, and a small red dot appeared in the bottom corner of the map, indicating her current location.

"Is Huaxi Valley only the size of a fist on this map? But the outside is clearly bigger than our Jiangjia Village."

With this size comparison, Jiang Yuebai truly felt the vastness of the entire Tianyan Sect. She might not be able to walk through such a large place in her entire life.

Jiang Yuebai was extremely shocked, closed the map and decided to practice quickly.

One day, she will be able to soar up to 90,000 miles, riding the wind with her sword between heaven and earth.

Sitting on the bed, Jiang Yuebai opened the "Entraining Qi Jue" in front of the oil lamp. In front of it was a map of the meridians of the human body. She had also seen it in the medical center of Yong'an City. She couldn't recognize the names of many acupoints and meridians on it. Had to turn back first.

Fortunately, as I wrote later, it is not necessary to use luck to perform exercises to draw qi into the body. You only need to meditate quietly according to the diagram, feel the aura, absorb the aura, gather the spiritual roots, and then you can step into the first level of Qi training and formally enter the Tao.

[Sit cross-legged and calm your mind, relax and be natural, lightly close your lips and teeth, and breathe slowly]

【Collect the light of the gods, reach the heart of heaven, send it into the mud pill, and it will last forever】

Wuxin Xiangtianku sat for more than half an hour, Jiang Yuebai felt nothing, his hands and feet were sore, and he felt drowsy.

Is it because the root value is low, so you can't feel anything?

"No, no, poor aptitude requires more effort. I practice when others sleep, so that I can catch up with them. By the way, Qi Entraining Pill."

Jiang Yuebai poured out a Qi-entraining pill from the medicine bottle and swallowed it in one gulp.

Gudong!

A cool breath rushed straight from the stomach to the top of the head, and Jiang Yuebai shivered suddenly.

She closed her eyes, silently paying attention to the dark emptiness. Stimulated by that cool breath, she slowly saw faint and colorful multicolored fluorescence.

Like flying fireflies, there are only five or six clusters, floating gently around her.

Is this aura?

When Jiang Yuebai became agitated, her breathing became disordered, and the light ball was immediately frightened away like a bug.

It's so hard to bleed!

Jiang Yuebai sighed in her heart, regained her composure, and made weak fluctuations in the air with each breath, ups and downs, pushing the spot of light.

The long night is long, and the stars are gradually dimming.

Jiang Yuebai had long ignored the flow of time, and focused on the cyan light ball that was very close to her.

Come here, come here!

Seeing that there was only the last bit of distance left, the blue light just refused to come over, hesitating, making Jiang Yuebai very anxious.

With a low root value, do you want to despise her even if she has aura?

The breathing rhythm was chaotic, and the light ball was about to escape again, Jiang Yuebai felt ruthless in his heart, and bumped his head, smashing the light ball into his forehead.

At this time, the golden light flashed across the eyes, like a fairy supporting the roof.

[Cultivation data panel is open, this panel only has data display function, please do not try to recharge and other meaningless behavior]

[Spiritual roots are determined by nature, practice is up to oneself, and hard work can change one's fate]

【Name】Jiang Yuebai

[Spiritual root] five elements spiritual root (gold 4, wood 5, water 4, fire 4, soil 4)

【Boundary】None

[Gongfa] Entraining Qi Jue (1/21)

【Spell】None

[martial arts] none

Jiang Yuebai stared blankly at the panel that appeared in her mind, could this be the compensation given to her by the fairy?

Although the symbol behind Yin Qi Jue is very strange, Jiang Yuebai somehow knows that it represents a number.

She has 1 point for absorbing a ball of light, so if she absorbs 21 balls of light, will she be able to enter the first level of Qi training?

Jiang Yuebai, who was still suffering from back pain just now, suddenly regained his energy. He didn't know how long he was going to practice and was full of confusion. Now he has a clear goal and is full of energy!

[You concentrate on entraining qi, but your qualifications are too poor, and the efficiency of entraining qi is low. Fortunately, you are addicted to drugs and persevere, and your proficiency in entraining qi +1]

Wow, what the fairy gave is so interesting, keep going!


		