

"grandfather?"

Jiang Yuebai rushed home, but didn't see Tao Fengnian, and there was no one in the village, so she ran towards Guhou Lingtian, and met Shi Xiaowu on the way.

"Senior Sister Jiang, you are back. Tao Laogang even told me to take his token and go to Spirit Beast Valley to borrow Duyan to pick you up."

Shi Xiaowu got Jiang Yuebai to sell him five qi-entraining pills, and he stepped into the first level of Qi training within the time limit, so he has always been very friendly to Jiang Yuebai.

"What's the matter, where did everyone go?" Jiang Yuebai asked.

Shi Xiaowu said, "Isn't it because of the heavy snow? This year's snow came early and rushed, and it was a bit unusual. In winter, all the seedlings of Lingmai were frostbitten, and ice beetles were born."

"Not only our Huaxi Valley, but most of the Tianyan Sect have been hit by the disaster. If we don't deal with it quickly, there will be no harvest this winter, and many precious elixir will not be spared. The spiritual fields may also be damaged and cannot be cultivated next year."

Jiang Yuebai asked in surprise, "If it's so serious, the sect didn't respond?"

"Of course there are. The elders and disciples of the Law Enforcing Hall have been mobilized, and they are investigating whether there are monsters and troubles in the whole sect. The Wanfa Hall and the Shenji Hall are also busy setting up large formations to turn things around. Whoever has been wronged by the sky will never stop the blizzard."

Jiang Yuebai's heart was shaken. He thought that only mortals would be powerless to fight because of the power of heaven and earth, but he didn't expect that the world of cultivating immortals would suffer disaster because of the heavy snow.

The majestic power of the sky really makes it hard to breathe and feels oppressive.

"Where's my grandpa?"

"Old Tao is leading everyone to clear the snow and insects in Lingtian. He has been busy all day and night without rest. By the way, Elder Tao told you to go find him as soon as you come back."

Jiang Yuebai's heart tightened. Grandpa's health was not good, and he would not be able to hold it if he had been working in the spiritual field in such a heavy snowstorm.

"Let's go to Lingtian."

The goose feathers were snowing heavily, and more than a hundred spiritual farmers in Huaxi Valley led their apprentices to scatter around the spiritual field, waving their sleeves, and using the wind scroll technique to clear the thick snow covering the field.

Tao Fengnian squatted in Song Pei'er's leased ten-acre spiritual field, his back bent, and he hadn't moved for half a quarter of an hour. His body was covered with snow, like a statue.

He looked tired, with his withered hands guarding the sides of a delicate red spiritual plant, circulating the fire aura, activating the red flame formula, carefully warming and nourishing the roots of the red grass, and driving away the cold air.

The frostbitten leaves stretched slowly, rejuvenated, and Song Pei'er at the side let out a long sigh of relief.

She accepted the commission from the Internal Affairs Hall and planted ten acres of Chilian grass as an auxiliary medicine for refining Jidan.

Chilian grass has a strong fire nature, a winter snow should not frostbite the root system, who knows that the heavy snow and cold air are very strange, if not for the timely treatment last night, ten acres of Chilian grass would have been destroyed.

Song Peier's fate will not be as simple as compensation.

"Don't let the snow bury it, you Chiliancao won't be too big of a problem."

Tao Fengnian stood up with difficulty, his head shook twice, and was supported by Song Pei'er.

"Thank you brother Tao for your help today. If my sister is useful in the future, my sister will never hesitate to die."

Tao Fengnian waved his hand, "Now I just hope that the Zongmen will turn things around and stop the heavy snow soon, otherwise only us low-level monks who dig in the soil will suffer."

Song Pei'er looked sad, "I'm afraid it will be difficult. Ninety percent of the monks in Huaxi Valley have learned the Cloud and Rain Jue. Rain is the most taboo under heavy snow, and the Earthquake Jue for loosening the soil and turning the fields is useless."

"To deal with ice beetles, you need more than two levels of sharpness, and the roots of seedlings need to be repaired by red flames, but what I am proficient in are cloud rain and earth shaking. The grass and trees have to wait for the insects to get rid of the grass and trees to restore their vitality."

Tao Fengnian was in a heavy heart, and when the monks who were clearing the snow around stopped to rest, they all looked at Tao Fengnian pleadingly.

The spiritual field is the foundation of their livelihood and the foundation of their practice. If the spiritual field fails to harvest, it is tantamount to cutting off their path of practice.

Tao Fengnian looked up and saw that most of the seedlings in the valley were covered by a hard ice shell, and the emerald green leaves gradually disappeared in the ice shell.

Ice beetles also appeared in winter in previous years, but they were all scattered and small pieces. If they were found in time, they could be dealt with in time. Have you ever seen a plague of ice beetles covering the whole valley overnight?

It is difficult to learn the sharp edge formula for eliminating insects, and difficult to control the red flame formula for root cultivation.

With 1,200 mu of spiritual land, there are not many people who can help.

"Senior Brother Fang! Come, Senior Brother Fang is injured, come quickly!"

There was a burst of chaos, and the sixtieth old man who was removing insects in the field was carried to the side, with blood on the corners of his lips, and his breath was loose.

Tao Fengnian walked over quickly to get the pulse, "Overwork hurts the sea of ​​consciousness, so you can't work any more."

"what?"

Everyone's faces were pale, Fang Zhong struggled to get up.

"I'm fine. The ice beetles in my field haven't been removed yet. My son has finally entered the outer sect and cultivated to the perfection of Qi training. He pointed at this winter's spiritual wheat in exchange for foundation building pills. I can't ruin his hope of building a foundation." .”

"Enough!" Tao Fengnian scolded, "If you die, your son's inner demon will be with you, and there will be no hope of building a foundation!"

Fang Zhong sat on the ridge of the field in a daze, staring at the wilting seedlings in the spiritual field and crying.

"How could it be so! How could it be so good! The sky is going to kill me, the sky is going to kill me!"

Everyone mourned equally, the Lingtian was their life, and the blizzard was killing them at this moment.

The dark man Han Zhen asked: "Old Tao, what should we do now? There are only five people in Huaxi Valley who know the Sharpness Art, and the three who have not reached the second floor can't help. Only Senior Brother Fang Zhong and Junior Brother Liu Dashan can kill insects."

"Senior Brother Fang is injured now, and only Junior Brother Liu is left. Even if he is exhausted to death, he will not be able to get rid of the insects in so many acres of fields. What's more, the insects infested by many of us are so serious that we may not be able to last tonight. Even if there is one more person who can Deworming, there is also a glimmer of hope!"

Tao Fengnian looked gloomy, "You don't have to worry too much, this disaster is violent and serious, the sect will not sit idly by, I believe that the Internal Affairs Hall will soon come up with a method to remove insects and snow, we will persevere."

Han Zhen's eyes were red, "What's the use of us insisting, the ice beetle will not stop eating the seedlings, no matter what, we must get rid of the insects first, otherwise we won't be able to wait for the sect to make a move, and our spiritual wheat for this winter will be gone."

"Yes, Mr. Tao, you can help us find a way, now we can only count on you."

"Help us, Mr. Tao, you are a spiritual cultivator, and you will definitely find a way."

Everyone begged, Tao Fengnian coughed violently, his body couldn't take it anymore, even if he was supplemented by spirit stones, how could he deal with so many insect plagues in the spiritual field as a person who was near the end of his lifespan and lacked energy.

What's more, he still has hundreds of acres of medicine fields that have not been dealt with, and that is the most important thing.

"grandfather!"

The clear and crisp child's voice hit his heart directly, Tao Fengnian turned his head suddenly, and saw his girl running wildly, his heart, which was still heavy just now, suddenly became clear.

Song Pei'er looked over, "I haven't seen this girl for a few days, where are you going... How many levels has she practiced?"

Jiang Yuebai ran to Tao Fengnian, ignoring Song Peier's surprised gaze, "Grandpa, can I help you?"

Tao Fengnian was ironing in his heart, seeing that his girl was full of aura, he knew that she had not only completed the "Five Elements Returning to True Skills", but also built the five-element revolving bridge she said, and her cultivation base had also improved a lot.

Facing the surprised eyes and whispering voices around him, Tao Fengnian felt proud.

"Come with me, this is an ice beetle. It turns into an ice shell and covers the leaves. Its body is hidden in the rhizome. You need to use the sharpness..."

Tao Fengnian took Jiang Yuebai to the Lingtian, Song Peier stood there and followed her eyes, her jaw could not be closed for a long time.

Not only her, but also the monks who were familiar with Jiang Yuebai and the apprentices who were at the same time as her were all dumbfounded and shocked.

Before, they were joking in the fields that Tao Fengnian regarded a Wulinggen apprentice as a treasure, but now they are all speechless.

Farewell for three days, more than admiration!

"Senior Sister Lu, what are you all looking at?" Shi Xiaowu stood beside Lu Ying and asked in confusion.

"Liar!" Lu Ying twisted the corner of her clothes and bit her lips, feeling sour in her heart.

Jiang Yuebai was not in the mood to pay attention to other people's gazes, and after Tao Fengnian had finished speaking the main points, she began to activate the Edge Art to prepare for her first deworming mission.

"Wait!"

Guo Zhen walked out from the crowd. He is the owner of this spiritual field and Shi Xiaowu's master.

The master is not a master, and only has the responsibility of teaching. It is different from the disciples of the Yuanying Zhenjun in the sect, but it is a contract relationship.

Guo Zhen learned the Yunyu Jue and Earthquake Jue. At this time, he was helpless in the face of the insect plague in the field, so he could only beg Tao Fengnian.

"Old Tao, if you don't want to help us, just tell us, how can you use a little girl's film to perfuse us!"

After Guo Zhen finished speaking, people around nodded in agreement.

They were amazed by Jiang Yuebai's soaring cultivation base, but they had never seen Jiang Yuebai working in the field, and they couldn't believe that she could handle the ice beetle that needed a second-level sharpness to kill alone.

Tao Fengnian put Jiang Yuebai behind him to protect him, "You can't trust the old man?"

Guo Zhen frowned, "It's not that I can't trust you, Mr. Tao, but... in the face of a catastrophe, Mr. Tao, you can't play with our lifeblood."

Facing doubts, Jiang Yuebai was upset and tugged on Tao Fengnian's sleeves.

"Grandpa, it's fine if they don't want my help. You've been tired all day, let's go back and rest."

As soon as the words fell, Guo Zhen became anxious, "The elders are talking, what are you talking about, a yellow-haired girl!"

"Presumptuous!" Tao Fengnian glared angrily, "This old man won't allow you to scold me!"

Guo Zhen clenched his fists and remained silent, while the others gritted their teeth and endured. Jiang Yuebai disliked Jiang Yuebai more and more. As soon as he came, he wanted to drag Tao Fengnian away who could save their lives.

Tao Fengnian protected Jiang Yuebai, "As a spiritual cultivator, although I have the responsibility to manage Huaxi Valley, but in the face of such a natural disaster, according to the rules of the clan, I should give priority to protecting the precious elixir from disaster. Even if I don't help you There is nothing wrong with saving Lingmai seedlings, no one has the right to criticize this old man."

Jiang Yuebai nodded hastily, and finally saw Grandpa's tough side, if only he could be so tough when facing Jia Wei.

Jiang Yuebai turned her head and looked around, Jia Wei didn't seem to be there, could it be that he went to his sister's place for a drink again?

Looking back, Jiang Yuebai saw that everyone bowed their heads, obviously resentful in their hearts, but did not dare to attack.

Guo Zhen's seven-foot man's eyes were red at the moment, the snow was heavy, and the cold wind was blowing. Jiang Yuebai felt a sense of powerlessness and grief in him.


		