

After Li Jiuchuan finished speaking, he laughed at himself before Jiang Yuebai could answer.

"Forget it, I am like a bodhisattva crossing the river myself, and you will have no future if you follow me. From now on, if you have any doubts about cultivation, you can come to me at any time. I will try my best to guide you when I still have the strength."

Jiang Yuebai nodded sullenly, and asked boldly: "Elder Li, is it true that your natal magic weapon cannot be repaired?"

Li Jiuchuan didn't shy away from this question, "It's very difficult. My natal magic weapon is designed based on the scattered records of Wuwei Mountain people. There is no complete refining method, and it's all up to me to explore."

"At the beginning, it was really strong. I was told that I could fight against the late stage of Jindan at the early stage of Jindan, but... there is a flaw in the end. I don't think anyone except Wuweishanren can help me repair it."

"Can't you change it?"

"The talisman of life is connected with the spirit of Jindan, how can I exchange it? Unless..."

"Unless what?"

"Broken pill rebuilt!"

"Ah?" Jiang Yuebai was startled, Li Jiuchuan said it decisively, he clearly meant it.

"I can't, can't I go and find the Wuweishan people?"

"She has traveled all over the world, so it is so easy to find. Even if she finds it, it is related to the magic weapon of her life. She may not be willing to disclose the refining method to me."

Jiang Yuebai bowed her head in silence for a moment, took a breath and took out the delicate wooden box from the storage bag.

"This is the Lingwu Immortal Tea I bought in Nangufang City. Thanks to Elder Li for his guidance these days."

Jiang Yuebai stood up and saluted.

Li Jiuchuan opened the box and took a sip of the tea fragrance, "The new tea for this year's winter solstice is very good. I just run out of tea here, so I don't have to buy it again."

Li Jiuchuan poured out the old tea leaves in the teapot and put new tea into the teapot. Jiang Yuebai breathed a sigh of relief, afraid that Li Jiuchuan would not like his gift.

Jiang Yuebai sat down again and said, "I still have a question to ask Elder Li."

"But it doesn't matter."

"It was during the snowstorm that day, when I performed the Vegetation Art in the field, I accidentally mobilized the water aura."

Li Jiuchuan raised his brows slightly, "Oh? What happened afterwards?"

"My hands were frozen, so I was very confused. Could it be possible that the wooden magic spell can produce new changes when it is activated by other attributes of aura? Could other spells also have these changes, but unfortunately I tried it many times later. It never worked out again."

Li Jiuchuan put the teapot on the small red stove, and asked, "Besides the transformation of the five elements, have you ever understood the three strange attributes?"

"Fengleibing? I've seen some, but I haven't fully understood the five elements, and I think it's too complicated."

"Not to mention anything else, where do you think the ice comes from? Lu Nanzhi has been thinking about this question, chasing me all day long. She has come to my small courtyard many times. Now it seems that you have to be one step ahead of her." Got it."

Jiang Yuebai regained his energy, his body couldn't help but lean forward, his face was full of curiosity.

Li Jiuchuan straightened his sleeves, adding to his serious aura while teaching.

"The five elements are the foundation for the movement of the heaven and the earth, but other changes can also occur within the five elements, such as the three strange attributes of wind, thunder and ice. This still belongs to enlightenment, and it cannot be cultivated only by hard work..."

A pot of tea in a red stove, and a few branches of plums under the porch.

The tea boils, the fire goes out, the wind blows, and the plums fall.

"I understand that ice is also water, but it is cold and does not grow wood, and cannot nourish all things, so it will be expelled during the process of water growing wood, so I will leave ice on my hands."

Jiang Yuebai's face was full of excitement, and Li Jiuchuan poured tea from the pot.

She couldn't wait, so she turned around and pinched the Cao Mu Jue to Dongmei outside the corridor.

The red plum blossoms slowly, and the dark fragrance floats faintly.

Jiang Yuebai opened her eyes wide in surprise, and saw that her hands were covered in frost inch by inch, she succeeded!

Li Jiuchuan put down the teapot, "Since you understand how water makes ice, it is only a matter of time before you understand the attribute of wind and thunder, but the understanding is not enough. How to apply it to spells is the next question you should think about."

"You are very smart, but I still want to remind you, don't get carried away by the momentary achievement and rush for quick success. You realize that there are still many problems in the application. You may discover the trick in a few days, or it may be years or even decades."

Jiang Yuebai nodded, "Well, in fact, because of the problem of water-forming ice, I already have some ideas, such as whether I can activate the Cloud and Rain Art with golden aura? At that time, the gold needles will be like rain, won't it make the Cloud and Rain Art a lethal force?" Jue?"

Li Jiuchuan smiled, "It is feasible in principle, but it takes years and months of practice to be able to do it like an arm and a finger, and this method is probably only possible for people like you who have penetrated the five-element revolving bridge. It is also a unique secret technique."

Jiang Yuebai bowed and bowed, "Thank you, Elder Li, for your guidance today, for enlightening me."

"It's because you have good understanding. In fact, you are very suitable to stay in Wanfa Hall to study spells. Unfortunately, it is still difficult for you to enter Wanfa Hall to study openly. It is getting late. I will take a few books with you and go back early. Follow me Come in."

Li Jiuchuan got up and walked into a room full of bookshelves, followed by Jiang Yuebai.

Passing through the rows of bookshelves, she saw two scrolls of paintings hanging in the back of the room.

In the first pair, the female cultivator in Tsing Yi is lying drunk on the top of the mountain, drinking alone under the moonlight, carefree and unrestrained.

In one pair, the female general in black holds a gun and rides a horse, chasing the clouds and chasing the sun, unrestrained.

Jiang Yuebai fixed her eyes on the female cultivator in white in the first volume, and asked tremblingly, "Whose portrait is this?"

Li Jiuchuan, who was picking up the book, glanced at it, "The first one is Lu Xingyun, the patriarch of Tianyan Sect, and the second one is Wuweishanren. They are the people I admire the most in my life."

Jiang Yuebai's pupils trembled, my mother, the person who pointed her way to immortality was Lu Xingyun, the founder of Tianyan Sect!

But it's not right, didn't everyone say that she had ascended for tens of thousands of years? Is it a very similar person?

Li Jiuchuan took a thick stack of books and handed them to Jiang Yuebai, "These are all compiled by me, about the working principles of low-level five-element spells, and this set of "Miscellaneous Five Flavors", which is the only one that can be collected in the world today. Everything that arrives, I will give it to you."

Jiang Yuebai was flattered, "Thank you Elder Li, you are really a very good person."

Li Jiuchuan smiled gently, "I'm not as good as you think. I insist on teaching in the lecture hall. In addition to preaching and teaching, what's more, I enjoy your respectful eyes, otherwise I will be in constant fear."

Jiang Yuebai seemed to understand but not understand.

"I'll tell you what to do, and I'll send you out."

At the mouth of Huaxi Valley, it is dusk.

"Don't go, bold monster, hurry like a law, go!"

Jiang Yuebai was in a good mood, jumping up and down, muttering words, and moving his hands non-stop, as if he was a Taoist priest who subdues demons and demons in the mortal world.

"Hahaha, if you fall under my Master Yuebai's hands today, you will definitely be wiped out, watch the trick! Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!"

quack~

"oops!"

With a cry of frogs, Jiang Yuebai tripped over a stone and threw himself to the ground, even one of his shoes flew off.

Half a toad's head poked out from the pond, glanced at Jiang Yuebai, and sank again.

"Senior Sister Jiang, what are you doing here?"

Jiang Yuebai looked up and saw Shi Xiaowu standing not far away with a bag of wild vegetables on his back and a small hoe.

In addition to growing spiritual fields, Guo Zhen also raised some colorful golden pheasants in the yard. Shi Xiaowu went out every day to dig wild vegetables to feed the chickens.

Jiang Yuebai got up and rubbed her nose, took back her shoes and put them on, coughed twice to cover up her embarrassment.

"Well, my grandfather and I went to Nangufang City to buy some beggar chickens, which are made from the monster birds in the Feifeng Forest. You can take these two, eat one, and serve your master wine with the other."

She remembered that Guo Zhen and Shi Xiaowu protected her before.

Shi Xiaowu swallowed happily, "That's great, I haven't eaten meat for a long time, my master is really picky."

After Shi Xiaowu took the chicken, he opened the greased paper and tore off a chicken leg and stuffed it to Jiang Yuebai. Jiang Yuebai didn't want it, so he started to tear and bite himself, gobbled it up, and ate it until his mouth was full of oil.

"Eat slowly, this slingshot is also for you, don't forget to ask me to roast it together if you catch a bird, you are not allowed to eat alone."

"Yeah, I must call Senior Sister Jiang."

The two entered the valley together, and after only two steps, they saw Lu Ying swaying the grass and walking out sullenly.

Looking at each other, Lu Ying snorted and turned away.

"Lu Ying, wait!"


		