

The east is about to dawn, and the morning light is faint.

Residues of spirit stones were scattered around Jiang Yuebai. The thirteenth spirit stone failed to be chiseled. The spirit stone shattered and the spirit energy dissipated. She quickly inhaled the spirit energy into her body, not daring to waste it.

Jiang Yuebai's heart ached like cutting flesh.

The only thing that can comfort her heart is the inhalation of the dissipated spiritual energy into her body to increase her cultivation. There is also a little sprout in the center of the three-leaf wheat seedling in the sea of ​​consciousness, and the fourth leaf is about to grow. This is a symbol of the growth of spiritual consciousness.

"The effect is several times better than the star refining method, but it's so expensive..."

Jiang Yuebai fell on the short table, longing for a spiritual mine for herself.

"It's no wonder that there is a saying in the market that no one can enter the puppet world without money, and it's no wonder that Mo Baichun would set up a stall in the market to deceive children with Lingshi."

After being depressed for a moment, Jiang Yuebai regained his strength. Seeing that Lu Nanzhi and Xie Jingshan hadn't gotten up yet, he left quietly and walked to the depths of Yinfengjian.

The canyon between the two mountains is more than three feet wide, deep and dark, and the wind is whistling like ten thousand ghosts, which is very terrifying.

Jiang Yuebai walked around to the side, looking for a way to get to the ten-mile slope south of Yinfengjian, from where she could sneak back to Huaxi Valley, she was hungry.

"There are so many ghost lamps on Shilipo, why are there none here? How can we practice "Three Swords of Broken Water" without them?"

After searching around but unable to find the way, Jiang Yuebai had no choice but to sit on the rock, take out the white jade xun, and learn how to play it according to "Huan Hun Chao", so as to relax his spirit and cultivate his sentiment.

[You started to study "Lan Hun Chao", the tune can't be tuned, the tune can't be tuned, there is no talent at all, girl, can you stop playing? 】

Jiang Yuebai ignored the prompts on the Immortal Cultivation Panel and enjoyed himself.

The dark wind suddenly struck, and three phosphorescent lights appeared from nowhere, approaching Jiang Yuebai from the side.

She was caught off guard and dodged in a panic, the white jade xun fell into the dry grass, and the three streamers rushed forward, violently rushing back and forth at the white jade xun.

It's a pity that they have no entity and cannot cause any damage to the white jade xun.

After a while, the three phosphorescent lights calmed down and turned into a lantern shape. Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up, and he grasped the handle of the hatchet behind his waist.

"Huh? How is this ghost lamp different?"

Ordinary ghost lanterns only have a vague lantern shape, but the green palace lanterns surrounded by them at this moment are extremely lifelike and exquisite.

Surrounded by two groups of phosphorous fires, emitting a faint green light, there seem to be two lines of writing on the lantern?

Zheng!

The hatchet was out of its sheath, and the silver light suddenly appeared.

The green palace lantern trembled, turned and fled.

"Stop! Don't run!"

Jiang Yuebai took back the white jade xun and followed closely behind. The green palace lantern was as fast as a shooting star. She slapped the Gale Talisman, beheaded two followers, and forced the green palace lantern to the bottom of the mountain wall. There was no way back.

The green palace lantern trembled, and Jiang Yuebai approached step by step, gradually seeing the small characters on the lantern clearly.

[The moon rises to scare the mountain birds, and the time sings in the spring stream]

The green palace lantern suddenly went berserk, turned around and bumped into Jiang Yuebai.

Jiang Yuebai swept across with the hatchet, and the light of the knife split the palace lantern in mid-air, and two green lights hit her body.

"I've seen a lot of blood, and I don't like red the most. Today, I will make a green lantern for you in Shangyuan."

The woman's voice suddenly appeared in the mind, and the lingering lingering sound lingered.

Jiang Yuebai hurriedly checked her body, and there was nothing abnormal. Could it be that there is a remnant soul in this ghost lamp, which makes her look special. Before she died, she left a sentence?

Crash!

The mountain wall shattered, revealing a long and narrow gap.

Jiang Yuebai leaned over and found that the mountain wall was very thin, it should have been crushed by her blade light.

The cold air is overflowing inside, there is a hidden cave, there is no end to the twists and turns, and there are many ghost lights in the green light.

"Did I stab the ghost lamp nest?"

Jiang Yuebai became excited visibly with the naked eye. This direction was facing south, and it might be possible to reach Shilipo by killing all the way.

"Jiang Yuebai—"

Hearing Xie Jingshan's call, Jiang Yuebai withdrew her strided leg, looked at the hole reluctantly, and turned back.

"Where did you go early in the morning? Did you go to secretly practice again? It's fine for you to oppress me openly, but you're still working hard behind your back. You're not human at all!" Xie Jingshan was furious.

Jiang Yuebai was puzzled, "What does it matter to you whether I practice or not, whether I work hard or not? Thank you! Master! Brother!"

"You! I am also on the third level of Qi training, why do you call me junior?"

"I broke through before you."

"We have the same cultivation level!"

"Then I will break through before you."


Jiang Yuebai bumped away from Xie Jingshan, returned to the entrance of Yinfengjian, and saw Lu Nanzhi sitting cross-legged facing the east with a serious face.

In front of her is a low table of mahogany and gold lacquer, and the cups and incense burners on it are all gold utensils with ornate carvings.

Lu Nanzhi straightened his back, straightened his sleeves, straightened his hair, and swept his body three times with the cleansing technique.

The white clothes are like snow, elegant and upright.

Willow branches take salt, Lu Nanzhi covers his face with big sleeves, cleans his teeth and rinses his mouth, and finally lights up the incense, holds the pill in his hands in the curling green smoke, and meditates with his eyes closed.

"What is she doing?"

Jiang Yuebai scratched her frizzy hair, looked at Lu Nanzhi with puzzled eyes, Xie Jingshan folded his arms and rolled his eyes.

"Ask you something."

Jiang Yuebai elbowed Xie Jingshan, and Xie Jingshan gritted his teeth angrily.

"The stinky rules of the big family, there is a set of rituals every morning, the head can be cut off and the blood can flow, and the etiquette in front of people must not be lost."

Jiang Yuebai frowned and looked at Xie Jingshan, her hair was in a mess, her body was covered in hay, her clothes were askew, and there were white marks of saliva on the corner of her mouth.

He also faces the wall and thinks about his mistakes. Compared with Lu Nanzhi, who is spotless and extravagant, he is a beggar.

Shaking her head in disgust, Jiang Yuebai grabbed the grass clippings on her head and bit them in her mouth, half a catty.

After Lu Nanzhi finished burning incense, Jiang Yuebai leaned over to smell the elegant fragrance on her body and asked, "Are you so tired every day?"

Lu Nanzhi's eyes flickered slightly, "This is the Lu family's rule. I have been like this since I was a child, and I am used to it."

"If you don't like it, don't follow it. You are not in the Lu family now." Jiang Yuebai turned her head, "Why don't you have these family rules? Are you like a libertine?"

Xie Jingshan murmured, "My family doesn't like these stinky rules, and my family is not a family of cultivators. It's a waste of time to abide by these useless rules. Self-cultivation depends on how to behave in the world, not by these fake rules."

Jiang Yuebai and Lu Nanzhi didn't know much about Xie Jingshan's background, he didn't want to go into details, and they didn't ask too much.

It was another day of undercurrents, Jiang Yuebai was still in good spirits, Lu Nanzhi was a little tired, Xie Jingshan wanted to cry but had no tears.

In the middle of the night, Jiang Yuebai put down the talisman brush and stretched his muscles and bones. Today, he drew 100 talismans and succeeded in three, which is not bad.

Lu Nanzhi and Xie Jingshan both put down their books in relief, looked at each other, and didn't know why they were relieved.

cuckoo~~

Thunder was resounding in his belly, Jiang Yuebai frowned and looked at Xie Jingshan.

Xie Jingshan pressed his stomach, "It's not me, I secretly took the Bigu Pill before I came in, it can last until tomorrow."

"As expected of a second entry into the palace, with experience."

Jiang Yuebai praised, it wasn't Xie Jingshan, could it be...

The two looked at Lu Nanzhi, she looked as usual.

"it's me."

cuckoo~~

Lu Nanzhi endured silently, sitting in front of the case and maintaining his demeanor.

After a moment of silence.

"Pfft ha ha ha, Senior Sister Lu, your elegant image in my heart has completely collapsed ha ha ha, it turns out that fairies will be hungry enough to cry ha ha ha."

Jiang Yuebai burst out laughing, Xie Jingshan tried his best not to laugh more, he knew that Lu Nanzhi had a bucket of rice for a solar eclipse, and he would definitely not be able to carry it if he was hungry for two days.

Lu Nanzhi blushed and looked annoyed, and turned away from Jiang Yuebai.

"Before the foundation is established, it is impossible to indica. Hunger is human nature. How ridiculous!"

Jiang Yuebai wiped her tears with her waist, her mouth was sore, "Okay, okay, I won't laugh anymore, I'll take you to dinner."

Lu Nanzhi turned around abruptly, his eyes brightened, "Where is the food?"

Xie Jingshan was also puzzled, "When we came in, all the food that could be eaten was taken away. The purpose of facing the wall is to make us starve and freeze. Did you hide food?"

Jiang Yuebai was unpredictable, "That's not true, but I know that there may be a road to Shilipo. As long as I can reach Shilipo, I can take you back to Huaxi Valley. My grandfather is a spiritual farmer, so there is still no food at home." ?”

"We are being punished, and it is against the rules to escape without permission." Lu Nanzhi refused.

Xie Jingshan was full of interest, "Hurry up, I don't want to stay here anymore, is there anything interesting in Huaxi Valley?"

"Senior Sister Lu, are you really not going?"

Cuckoo ~

Lu Nanzhi sat upright as before, silent.

Jiang Yuebai let out a smirk, said no more, and left with Xie Jingshan.

As the footsteps faded away, Lu Nanzhi clenched his fists angrily, "I don't know how to persuade you..."

As soon as the words fell, Jiang Yuebai's arm was pulled up by Jiang Yuebai who had been going back and forth, "Let's go, let's go, just come back before the seventh day."

One pulls and pulls hard, and the other pushes and pushes half.


		