

"The four people in the same courtyard as Xu Hu are all boys from a family of cultivators. Xu Hu has no background and doesn't know how to restrain himself. The four of them have trouble getting along, and they have to be scolded by the family."

"So, I suspect that Xu Hu was killed by them. He is the son of a hunter. Anyway, he can't understand whether there is any problem with the exercises. It's easy for those few to do it."

"Why not? My family has been servants of the Lu family for generations, and I have seen too many insidious and terrifying things! It is not uncommon to kill people for a pill, let alone Xu Hu's brilliance. It’s hard for others to get ahead.”

Jiang Yuebai was in a daze, her head was filled with Lu Ying's voice, she wobbled around the small courtyard and fell to the ground as soon as she stepped through the gate.

She sat on the ground, unable to stop being terrified.

Just imagine, if it was her, don't say what others would do to her, even Lin Suwan would not let her go.

When she was in Lin's mansion, she was praised by the female master because she secretly learned characters, so Lin Suiwan directly sold her out.

In the mortal world, Lin Suiwan could sell her by relying on the Lin family, but here, Lin Suwan could kill her directly by relying on Lin Xiangtian, the alchemy elder.

Jiang Yuebai was lucky that her grandfather stopped her that day.

After sitting for an unknown amount of time, Tao Fengnian came back from the outside and sighed when he saw her.

"Get up and go wash the rice."

Tao Fengnian put the hoe in the corner and took off the bamboo hat to fan the wind.

"Grandpa, do you...know?" Jiang Yuebai asked tremblingly.

Tao Fengnian hung up his bamboo hat, "This kind of thing is not new."

"Grandpa, I still don't understand. Xu Hu didn't harm others, so he can't do it by himself?"

Tao Fengnian pulled Jiang Yuebai up from the ground, squatted down and swept the dust off her body with the clean dust technique.

"In this world, others can see you in distress, can stand on a high ground to pity you, and give you alms, but they can't see that you have others. Even a little more will arouse jealousy."

"The children who grew up in the Xiuxian family have been intriguing since childhood. If they fall behind, they will lose the family resources and suffer from cold eyes. They can't bear others to be better than themselves, especially those from humble backgrounds."

"But it can't be generalized. There are all kinds of people in the world, and there are thousands of human natures. There are also people who are true and kind. After you have experienced a lot, you can learn to distinguish them. Now just remember that Muxiu Yulin will be destroyed by the wind, and you can't guard against others. No inconvenience."

Jiang Yuebai's whole body tensed up, "Then I'm going to hide it for the rest of my life? I'm bored, I'm uncomfortable!"

Jiang Yuebai felt that what Tao Fengnian said was wrong, she only knew that if she hadn't fought, she would have died in the winter of last year, if she hadn't fought, she would have been a chick in the kiln, if she hadn't fought, how could she have stepped into the fairy gate?

Tao Fengnian rubbed Jiang Yuebai's head, and said in a gentle voice, "If you want to fight, you have to live first. I let you be patient and let you hide at this moment because you still can't protect yourself well, and I haven't told you to stop practicing."

"As long as you are willing to learn, when you have enough strength, you don't need to hide anymore, just like Lu Xingyun, the founder of the Tianyan Sect, who knew her name before forming the alchemy, but after forming the alchemy, she became famous all over the world."

Jiang Yuebai clenched his fists and thought, the light in his eyes gradually shining.

"I want to learn, I want to practice, I want everyone not to dare to bully me."

Tao Fengnian nodded in satisfaction, "Didn't you ask me last time, what is a spiritual cultivator? Eat first, and when you are full, grandpa will teach you."

"Um!"

At sunset and dusk, an old man and a young man were sitting in the courtyard. Tao Fengnian was smoking a cigarette and pushed a jade talisman in front of Jiang Yuebai.

Without hesitation, Jiang Yuebai cut his finger with a knife and dripped blood on the jade talisman.

The contract was completed, Tao Fengnian put away the jade talisman.

According to the rules of Tianyan Sect, the sect's martial arts and Taoism are not allowed to be taught privately, but Ling Gengfu is responsible for the rations and elixir of the sect's hundreds of thousands of disciples.

In order to ensure that there are sufficient personnel for the ling farmers, all ling farmers can take apprentices, teach exercises and planting spells, and get rich rewards.

The apprenticeship lasts for three years, with no salary or contribution points, no need to complete sect missions, but no income, and needs to obey orders to help with farming.

After three years as a teacher, you can rent the Lingtian by yourself, keep 30% of the harvest each year, and turn over the rest.

Compared with other handymen's jobs, Linggeng is free, and as long as he works hard, he will gain. It has always been the most popular profession in the sect. Even if he wants to be an apprentice, he must have connections.

There is a difference between Linggeng master and Linggengfu, but the essence is thousands of miles away.

Anyone who knows how to farm is called a spiritual farmer, but a spiritual farmer must master three kinds of planting spells and reach level 4, which can ensure the maximum output of spiritual fields.

Once the assessment is passed, a special token can be obtained, and the status is equivalent to that of an outer disciple.

Not only is the rental fee for the Lingtian field exempted, but you can also receive a monthly salary and get three chances to exchange for martial arts and Taoism in the library.

There are nearly 10,000 spiritual farmers in Tianyan Sect, but there are only 36 spiritual cultivators. Each of them is a master planter and is in charge of at least one grain of land. Both spiritual grains and elixir have good yields and quality. Elder Lu Alchemy attaches great importance to it.

Tao Fengnian is the only spiritual cultivator in Huaxi Valley. He planted elixir in his early years and led more than a hundred spiritual farmers in Huaxi Valley. In recent years, due to lack of energy, he only planted a hundred acres of spiritual valleys, and he didn't bother to control other spiritual farmers.

Smoky, Tao Fengnian explained all kinds of common sense to Jiang Yuebai slowly.

"Hong Tao sent you to me because he naturally hoped that you could become a spiritual cultivator instead of an ordinary spiritual cultivator. To become a spiritual cultivator, you must have more than three spiritual roots."

"Each spiritual root contains different aura attributes, and requires corresponding exercises to mobilize the corresponding aura, so the more spiritual roots, the more exercises are needed."

Jiang Yuebai couldn't help being surprised when he heard this, "Then, don't my five spiritual roots need five exercises?"

Tao Fengnian nodded, Jiang Yuebai was dumbfounded.

"Then... are the exercises expensive?"

"In the world of cultivating immortals, no matter whether it is a magic potion or a magic weapon, from low to high, it is ninth-rank to first-rank. Handyman disciples enter the first level of Qi training. They have a chance to exchange for ninth-rank kung fu, and then they have to exchange it with contribution points. "

"The worst ninth-grade kung fu requires one hundred contribution points, which is equivalent to one hundred low-grade spirit stones, one thousand catties of spiritual rice, and one D-level sect task in the Neiwutang. The maximum contribution is ten points."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were wide open, and only at this moment did she have a vague idea of ​​the prices in the cultivation world.

One low-grade spirit stone can be exchanged for ten catties of spirit rice, and she has to eat about four taels a day these days, ten catties of spirit rice is not enough for her to eat for a month.

One thousand catties can be exchanged for one exercise, and her Wulinggen needs five thousand catties of spiritual rice. How many years will it take to save it?

Her entire property now is only ten low-grade spirit stones and five Qi-entraining pills.

Jiang Yuebai lowered her head in shame, "Grandpa, I'm sorry, I didn't know Lingmi was so expensive, I'll eat less and work more..."

Tao Fengnian smashed the cigarette stick and laughed, "This old man is a spiritual cultivator. If he can't even support a little girl like you, wouldn't it be a joke? You don't have to worry about the exercises. You are my apprentice, and I will naturally Teach you."

After finishing speaking, Tao Fengnian handed over a piece of palm-sized, octagonal jade to Jiang Yuebai.

"This is the eighth-grade skill "Gengjin Gong". After you pass the entry stage, you can use this skill to improve your cultivation and start learning one of the five spiritual cultivating spells, the 'Sharp Jue', which is mainly used to eliminate insects in spiritual plants. .”

"Besides, there are also some basic spells in the Jade Slip, such as the clean dust technique, the wind scroll technique, the method of controlling things, etc. You should read more and practice it yourself."

"Multi-spiritual root monks usually specialize in one spiritual root at the beginning of their practice. They first improve their cultivation level and learn the corresponding spells, and then make up for other spiritual roots in the later stage of Qi training, and then build a foundation."

"You learn this metal exercise first, and if you can reach the first level of "Gengjin Gong" and Feng Mang Jue within one month, I will teach you the water attribute exercise "Guishui Gong" and what you want Learned the Cloud and Rain Jue."

After Tao Fengnian finished speaking, he couldn't help laughing at himself. It took him three months to break through the first level of exercises and formulas, but now he actually asked this little girl to do it in one month.

But inexplicably, he just thought she could do it, even ahead of time.

Jiang Yuebai was ignorant and fearless, nodded in haste, and curiously flipped through the jade slips.

"Paste the jade slip between the eyebrows, and use the method of sensing spiritual energy to sense it. From now on, you will practice "Gengjin Gong" in the morning and at night. After breakfast, follow me to read the Taoist scriptures for an hour, and at dusk to recognize the acupoints and veins for an hour."

"I will teach you the low-grade martial arts "Star Chasing Step" and "Chopping Wooden Knife Technique" again. Before you are proficient in spells, you can defend yourself. I usually work in the fields, and you arrange your own practice. Now I will guide you. Qi Dharma Gate..."


		