

The snow stopped and the sky was clear.

Jiang Yuebai didn't know the source of the snow disaster, and no one had the time to inquire about it at this time, and everyone was still busy in the fields to deal with the aftermath.

Jiang Yuebai was originally busy, but she accidentally killed all the seedlings in Tao Fengnian's field, so she was not busy.

Tao Fengnian didn't blame her, he just asked her to go back to rest earlier.

Repairing the elixir required spells of level three or higher, and Jiang Yuebai couldn't help.

It's just that everyone was working, and she was too embarrassed to go back alone, so she took a nap under the old locust tree, taking stock of the harvest of the day and night.

Excluding the used spirit stones, there are still sixty-seven yuan left, and I will never use them again unless it is an emergency, it is too extravagant.

When grandpa finishes his work, he will take her to Nangufang City, the largest cultivator's workshop at the junction of Cangyun and the two countries, just in time to buy talisman pens and talisman paper to start learning talisman making.

To become an array mage, you have to enter the array from the talisman.

Apart from harvesting spirit stones, what surprised her the most was the Sea of ​​Consciousness. At this moment, she calmed down again, and what she saw was a green three-leaf wheat seedling, full of vitality.

The strange thing is that above the wheat seedlings, there are three snowflakes drifting non-stop, and the two coexist without affecting each other.

Jiang Yuebai had read it on the first floor of the library, and there are different ways to temper the spiritual consciousness, and the scene of the sea of ​​consciousness is different.

For example, the stars refine the gods, and the sea of ​​knowledge is like the starry sky. For example, the flames refine the spirit, the sea of ​​consciousness is like a sea of ​​fire, and so on, all of which are different.

In the realm of self-cultivation, monks practice aura supplemented by spiritual consciousness, and their understanding of the way of spiritual consciousness is not as good as goblins and ghosts.

Goblins and ghosts major in spiritual consciousness. They don't need the assistance of hand formulas. With a movement of spiritual consciousness, they can attract the power of heaven, earth and nature and turn it into magical powers.

Divine consciousness also has attributes, but monks are not as unique as goblins and ghosts, and attributes are difficult to cultivate.

Even if they are successful, it is difficult to show their supernatural power, so most of them have practiced the non-attribute star refining method.

Jiang Yuebai made a mistake and opened the Sea of ​​Consciousness inside the Lingmai seedling. The attribute of the Sea of ​​Consciousness was affected, giving it the attributes of Wood and Ice.

Jiang Yuebai was very distressed and didn't know what kind of spiritual consciousness method to find, so as to continue to cultivate the divine consciousness of these two attributes.

"Let's take a step and take a step. After all, no matter what attribute of consciousness, it doesn't affect the control of things."

Jiang Yuebai frowned slightly, focusing on the glass bottle in her hand. The bottle vibrated slightly, and slowly floated up from her hand, shaking from side to side.

Inside, the ice beetle king was on all fours, as if dead.

If she hadn't memorized "The History of Strange Things", she would have been fooled by the insect king, and playing dead is a characteristic of the ice beetle king.

The Ice Beetle King is one of the ninth-grade strange insects, and can be trained by monks' spiritual sense, and use the power of ice armor to defend and attack.

And this insect king is obviously weird, let's talk about it when she goes back to study with her grandfather.

Putting away the glass bottle, Jiang Yuebai glanced at the Xiuxian panel.

【Name】Jiang Yuebai

【Spiritual Root】Five Elements Spiritual Root

【Boundary】Three layers of Qi training

【Gongfa】

Five Elements Returning to True Kung Fu and Qi Training (Third Floor: 36/1000)

【Spell】

Edge Jue (2nd Floor: 498/1000)

Grass Art (one layer: 35/100)

Cloud and Rain Jue (1 layer: 40/100)

Red Flame Art (one layer: 5/100)

Earthquake (one layer: 5/100)

【martial arts】

Chasing stars (small success: 390/1000)

Woodcutter method (small success: 997/1000)

Cultivation techniques, grass and trees art and cloud and rain art have all been improved, but the most improved is the sharp edge art.

The progress of the second-floor practice is directly over half. Originally, if she didn't do anything in a day and only practiced the Edge Jue, it would take at least ten days to pass halfway. Now she can complete it in one day and one night.

If so, Lingshi works so well!

"If only I had a spirit mine."

Jiang Yuebai looked forward to it. At present, the improvement of the proficiency of the Edge Art is extremely slow. It takes ten to twenty releases to improve a little, which makes her feel the bottleneck.

This is something she didn't expect before, and it needs to be polished patiently and not impatiently.

In addition, the biggest improvement is the chopping knife technique, which is only short of the last 3 points of proficiency to be promoted to Dacheng.

The Dacheng state can generate inner strength, and the combination of moves and strength can stimulate the sword light and hurt people out of thin air.

Mortal warriors do not have the nourishment of spiritual energy, and many of them have difficulty in cultivating to great success in their entire lives.

In the world of comprehension, monks practice martial arts for as short as a year and a half, and as long as three to five years, and they can practice simple martial arts to great success.

The gap between monks and mortals is truly unmatched.

Withdrawing his consciousness, Jiang Yuebai saw Lu Ying holding the food box and looking at her not far away.

She stood up straight and was about to speak, when Lu Ying snorted "liar", turned her head and left.

Jiang Yuebai chased after Lu Ying, "Why do you say I'm a liar?"

Lu Ying stared, "Why are you not a liar? With such a high level of cultivation, you still pretend that your aptitude is not as good as mine. I worry about your cultivation every day, worrying that you will be bullied and looked down upon. You don't regard me as a friend at all! Let me teach you When you were in the middle of the night, did you hold back your energy and watch me play tricks in class, and secretly laughed at me in your heart?"

Not to be outdone, Jiang Yuebai said, "I have something to hide, but I never laughed at you. You are my first good friend here. You taught me how to protect me. I keep it in my heart. I didn't sneak around. I Is it wrong to work hard to improve your cultivation and learn spells?"

Lu Ying was powerless to refute, but she just felt upset.

"Okay, now you are proud, you have become the number one in Huaxi Valley, everyone fawns on you and flatters you, saying that you are the most promising person to become a spiritual cultivator, and all my previous efforts have been in vain in front of you joke!!"

"What have you worked so hard for? In the lecture hall, you are picky and picky. You don't go to this or that, and you doze off when you are forced to stay by me. In the library, you only read strange stories. I asked you to endorse it with me." Pushing three and blocking four, is this also called hard work?"

"Jiang Yuebai! You, don't talk to me! I hate you!"

Lu Ying pushed Jiang Yuebai hard, and left with the food box. Jiang Yuebai clenched her fists, feeling wronged.

"Senior Sister Jiang, did you quarrel with Senior Sister Lu?" Shi Xiaowu stood on the ground of his house and asked carefully with a hoe.

Jiang Yuebai wiped her eyes, "Need help? I'm just idle."

Shi Xiaowu shook his head, looked at Jiang Yuebai's gloomy face and nodded embarrassingly, "Master asked me to dig out the dead seedlings and plant new ones."

Jiang Yuebai went over to take a look, "There is still no need to dig, get up!"

Shi Xiaowu moved away with the hoe in his arms, and watched Jiang Yuebai walk into the field aggressively, looking like he was going to fight for his life, and activated the grass and tree art, absorbing the spiritual energy of wood, and injecting it into the withered seedlings.

Release one after another, rescue one tree after another, without stopping and ignoring people.

In less than half an hour, Jiang Yuebai rescued the remaining seedlings from the brink of death after removing a few dead seedlings in the 20 acres of land.

"Junior Sister Jiang is really amazing. She has the demeanor of a master at a young age. I also have some seedlings here that are still alive. I implore Junior Sister Jiang to help."

"I have them here too, Junior Sister Jiang can't just help Lao Guo and not help us."

"Yes, yes, we are all pointing at Junior Sister Jiang."

Everyone asked Jiang Yuebai for help. She vented her depression, and she would not refuse anyone who came, helping them one by one, busy in various spiritual fields.

Tao Fengnian finished his work in the medicine field, straightened up and beat his back, and saw Jiang Yuebai busy in the spiritual field from a distance.

A few people chatted around with their hands in their hands, Tao Fengnian frowned, but he never went to interrupt.


		