

There were three people who went straight into the inner gate, Lu Nanzhi, Shen Huaixi and Xie Jingshan, who was competing with her, received the token under the envious eyes of everyone, and was sent to the thirty-six peaks of the inner gate of Tianyan Sect by a special person with a sword.

Then there are ninety-eight outer disciples, and the rest are all servants.

Inner sect disciples can worship the thirty-six peaks of Tianyan Sect, with abundant aura, get guidance from Yuanying Zhenjun, and have the opportunity to become the real emperor's personal heir, which is supreme honor.

There are also 20 low-grade spirit stones and a bottle of elixir supplied every month. In the first three years, it is not compulsory to complete the mission of the sect, and it is mainly about cultivation.

The disciples of the outer sect are inferior. They live in the eighty-one valley under the thirty-six peaks. There are five people in one courtyard. There is a spirit gathering array in the courtyard. door task.

The treatment of handymen is very different. Only when you first start, you can receive five low-grade spirit stones and three pills.

In the first month, he would focus on drawing energy into the body without receiving tasks, and then he would be assigned to work in various parts of the Tianyan Sect, and he had to complete one sect task every month.

If you can't draw qi into your body in the first month, you will be expelled from the sect.

Fortunately, Zongmen missions will reward contribution points, which can be exchanged for Lingshi pills and other materials.

When working everywhere, if you meet generous elders and real people, they will also give you some things, so although the handyman is hard, you can practice hard.

After reaching the seventh level of Qi training, one can enter the outer sect through selection at the end of the year, and then improve one's status step by step.

Jiang Yuebai watched as everyone stepped forward one by one and took away their tokens and training materials.

Lin Suiwan received the token of the outer disciples, and before leaving, he gave her a proud look, and told her to wait and see with his mouth.

Jiang Yuebai was apprehensive, she clenched her fists and told herself not to be afraid.

The galaxy is long, and the bright moon is faint.

Everyone left, only Jiang Yuebai was left alone in the square, standing upright, staring at Hong Tao with a mouth full of resentment.

Hong Tao took a burden from the person behind him, Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up suddenly, and the corners of his mouth couldn't stop turning up.

Hong Tao sighed, carrying his bag and said, "Follow me."

Hong Tao took Jiang Yuebai alone and walked down the path west of the square.

The night wind was cold and the grass waves were turbulent, one big and one small, one in front and one behind.

Jiang Yuebai kept staring at the burden that belonged to her in Hong Tao's hands, but did not give her.

But she didn't dare to ask, for fear that Hong Tao's palm would make her fly out of the fairy mountain, and all her hard work would be wiped out.

After walking for about a quarter of an hour, Hong Tao stopped at a fork in the road.

Down one side, there is a pitch-black valley, criss-crossed fields, the wind blows the rice and the fragrance of the night.

One side goes up, Xuanxiao Danque, the lights are dim, and fairy music is intoxicating.

Hong Tao held the burden in his hands and looked down at the little Jiang Yuebai.

"Wen Xinlu, you climbed to the eighty-first step, and you are regarded as an outer sect disciple according to the clan rules, but you have also seen that the lowest level of the outer sect is the three spiritual roots, and there are many seedlings from the family of cultivating immortals. I hope you have not forgotten the matter, now you can choose by yourself, whether to enter the outer sect or be a handyman."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were filled with unwillingness, "Why can't Wulinggen work? How am I worse than them?"

Hong Tao squatted down and looked at Jiang Yuebai, and said patiently, "This is common sense in the cultivation world. Cultivating immortals is to introduce spiritual energy into the body to store it, and polish the physical body a little bit. You will understand these in the future. I will only tell you about the spiritual root."

"The spiritual root is like a water tank, and the spiritual energy is the water mist in the air. If there is no water tank, the water mist cannot be stored, so there is a water tank to cultivate immortality. This is the key to open the door of immortality."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes lit up and she nodded vigorously, eagerly absorbing the knowledge of the cultivation world.

"Lu Nanzhi is a natural spirit body. Her water tank is not in her dantian. Her whole body is that water tank. She can attract spiritual energy into any part of her body with a wave of her hand. Both Shen Huaixi and Xie Jingshan have a single spiritual root, and there is one in their dantian. Saliva tank."

"The root value determines the affinity of spiritual energy. Xie Jingshan's root value is nine. In addition to his larger water tank, which can accommodate more spiritual energy mist, he can sense the existence of spiritual energy without using pills, and it is easy to incorporate spiritual energy into it. in vivo."

"Of course, Xie Jingshan, whose root value is nine, will practice slower than Shen Huaixi, whose root value is eight, because the water tank is big, and it takes more time to fill it up, but in the future, he will be slower in terms of casting speed, spell staying power, and power. Stronger than Shen Huaixi, this is the importance of root value."

Jiang Yuebai blinked, "Then I have five water tanks. Even if the root value is not high, the sum of all the water will always be more than one water tank."

Hong Tao's expression trembled slightly. He didn't expect Jiang Yuebai to be so sensitive and intelligent at such a young age, and he found the key point.

"The five spiritual roots do have their advantages. The five elements are complete, and all kinds of spells can be practiced, but the water tank must be filled to overflow, and the aura mist in it can flow to all parts of the body."

"What's more, if the root value is lower than five, the aura will hardly be close to you. You will need to spend more time and patience to fill five water tanks."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes darkened, and she immediately understood.

Hong Tao nodded appreciatively, "Before forming alchemy, a person's lifespan is no more than seventy or eighty at most. Even if you take low-level life-extending pills, it is only about one hundred. Others can start to practice by filling a water tank, but you need more Take five times as long."

"Others only need to comprehend one attribute, and they can forge golden pills, break away from the mortal body and become real people, and you have to master the changes of the five elements, not to mention forming pills to prolong life, even the foundation building stage is extremely difficult for you to pass. Outer door resources There are many, but there are always more resources than those who seek immortality, and open competition and secret grabbing have become the norm."

"Can't the spiritual root be changed?" Jiang Yuebai asked.

Hong Tao sighed and said, "If it can be changed, then everyone in this world can ascend to the ascension, so how can there be such a thing as cultivating immortals against the sky? But the spiritual root cannot be changed, but there is a chance to change the root value."

"It is after you have formed the alchemy, when you have established your Dao heart to understand the way of heaven, the first addition of the heaven and earth dao rhyme will increase your root value. How much you increase depends on the will of the heaven. There is only one chance in your life."

In the final analysis, it is still necessary to establish the foundation first and then form the alchemy, so as to have a chance to change the fate against the sky.

Before that, the spiritual root was a pass, and the root value was another pass.

Jiang Yuebai clenched and loosened his fists, looking at the fairy mountains and pavilions in the distance, with envy and longing in his eyes that couldn't be suppressed.

How much she wanted to live in such a Qionglouyuge, and also come to drink a pot of good wine and be a wanton and unrestrained fairy.

But she knew that she couldn't go now because she was too weak to protect her own things.

She is not afraid of competition from outside sects, nor is she afraid of Lin Suwan, but Lin Xiangtian, Lin Suwan's ancestor, she is afraid!

But she won't be afraid all the time!

"I'm going to do chores."

Hearing Jiang Yuebai's firm voice, Hong Tao's heart relaxed, his eyes showed some appreciation, and he handed over the burden in his hand to her.

"There are ten low-grade spirit stones and six Qi-entraining pills in it, twice as many as other handymen. This is your compensation. I will arrange a good place for you and find a kind person to lead you into the Tao."

"Entraining Qi Pills can help you feel and attract spiritual energy. Six pills have a high chance of helping you break through to the first level of Qi training. As long as you are willing to fight, you may be able to use the five spirits in the future like Lu Xingyun, the founder of the Tianyan Sect. With the capital of the root, set foot on the top of the fairy cloud."

Jiang Yuebai's eyes brightened slightly, "It turns out that Wulinggen can also reach the top of the fairy cloud?"

Hong Tao stood up, "There is only one person in the world of cultivation in 100,000 years."

"Then I'll be the second person!"

Hong Tao couldn't bear to break her beautiful vision. The ignorant are fearless. When she really starts to practice, she will know how difficult it is.

It takes five times more time and five times more resources, but does not have five times more life expectancy than others.

But the difficulty of cultivating immortals is more than five times.

"Let's go, I'll take you to Huaxi Valley to find Mr. Tao. He's just started at the age of 30. He used to be a teacher in a mortal private school. He is the most honest, kind and patient. He is also a good hand at Zhonglinggu. You can learn a third of his skills." , It’s not a problem to support yourself and earn some spirit stones to practice.”

"it is good!"

In the Huaxi Valley, the night is quiet and deep, and the insects are singing and the rice is fragrant.

In the small courtyard in the field, the seventy-year-old Tao Fengnian sat cross-legged on the bed, lit the oil lamp, and counted the spirit stones over and over again.

Three hundred and ninety-seven, no more than one more.

He picked up the tobacco rod and smoked it, with a stooped back and a sad face.

"Thirty-nine years of cultivation with the resources of the four spiritual roots, two failed foundation building, only this accumulation is left, and now the deadline is approaching, and I can't even afford a ten-year longevity pill, which is more than enough to make a coffin, huh ~"

Is the road to immortality difficult? Immortal road is difficult!

Not in the water, not in the mountains, only in the good and bad of the immortal root!


		