

Snapped!

Lin Suwan's hand was held in the air by Jiang Yuebai, she glared angrily, unable to break free.

"You let go!"

Jiang Yuebai let go and stepped back, raising the book in his hand.

"The first rule of the library, whoever damages the books, will scrape the bone ten lashes. Although I am a handyman, but so many people are watching, Lin... Senior sister doesn't want others to say that you are vicious and mean?"

Lin Suiwan gritted her teeth and scanned the faces watching the excitement around her. She was only a seven-year-old child, and Jiang Yuebai immediately bluffed her.

But she was angry because Jiang Yuebai had slapped her in the face when she ascended the immortal steps, and she had been laughed at all this time.

This matter has become a stain on her life, and if she is unhappy with others, she will be scolded,

"You are so powerful, you can't even compare with the five spirit roots on the immortal stage, you have the face to snatch someone's chance."

Thinking of this, Lin Suwan wanted to tear Jiang Yuebai apart.

Lin Suiwan gritted his teeth and said in a low voice, "Jiang Yue'er, don't think that you will be safe and sound after entering the Tianyan Sect. You used to be a maid, but now you are a handyman and a pariah! I want to kill you It's easy, don't forget that my ancestor is an alchemy elder, a Jindan real person!"

Jiang Yuebai's face was expressionless, and her eyes became colder, "Elder alchemy, can you kill someone without a reason?"

"You are just a handyman of the Five Spirit Roots. A Tianyan Sect like you has eight thousand if not ten thousand. Who cares if one or two die! If you are afraid, just hide in Huaxi Valley and farm for the rest of your life. I can't see you, maybe Just forget about you."

Lin Suiwan approached, "If you dare to mess around outside and annoy me, I will immediately go and beg my ancestor to kill you!"

Jiang Yuebai's heart trembled, and his right hand unconsciously touched the hatchet in his back.

"Ahem!"

Hearing Tao Fengnian's cough, Jiang Yuebai froze all over, stared at Lin Suwan for a moment, then burst into a smile.

"Yes, yes, I am a handyman with five spiritual roots. Chenni dare not compete with the sun and the moon like you, Miss. Your ancestor is domineering and mighty. I am terrified. I beg you to be kind and let me go. Just go back to Huaxi Valley, and never stand out in front of Miss again."

Jiang Yuebai stuffed the book into the bookshelf, took a deep look to remember the location, and backed away.

Lin Suwan froze in place, she didn't expect Jiang Yuebai to have such a reaction, she was ready for the next words.

Turning his head, Jiang Yuebai disappeared, and Lin Suwan stomped his feet angrily, feeling sullen.

The sun is setting on the western mountains, and the twilight is dark.

"Girl, walk slowly, Grandpa can't keep up with you."

Tao Fengnian chased after Jiang Yuebai, the little girl walked faster and faster, even using the star-chasing steps, Tao Fengnian shook his head helplessly, and used the magic formula to gallop down, stopping in front of Jiang Yuebai.

"Are you angry with Grandpa?"

Jiang Yuebai frowned angrily, "No, I'm angry with myself, there is no Grandpa Jindan."

Tao Fengnian smiled wryly, "Grandpa's failure to live up to expectations dragged you down. Aren't you the most open-minded? Why did you meet Lin Suwan and act like you wanted to kill someone?"

Jiang Yuebai sat down on the stone by the roadside, and said after a few breaths: "She accused me of stealing things wrongly, had people beat me, and sold me to a kiln... to an old man who bullied girls." monster."

Tao Fengnian's eyes were serious, and he knelt down to see the mist in Jiang Yuebai's eyes.

"If I hadn't poked blood spots all over my body with a needle and said I had rubella, I wouldn't have had a chance to escape. Not to mention, the token in front of the mountain gate was obviously obtained by myself, and she took it away as soon as she appeared. It's my chance."

"I fought desperately to enter the fairy gate, and now she is using her ancestors to oppress me. I don't want to die, but I also don't want to hide in Huaxi Valley for the rest of my life. I want to learn skills, and learn many, many skills to reach the sky. Sooner or later, I will She will be slaughtered together with her ancestor!"

Jiang Yuebai wiped his tears with his sleeve, and Tao Fengnian checked around to make sure that no one could explain it slowly.

"Grandpa knows that you have been greatly wronged. You did a good job just now. Don't rush and be patient. If you don't have the strength to uproot the opponent, don't make a move easily. Once you make a move, you will definitely kill the root and leave no future trouble."

Jiang Yuebai burst into tears, "I know, but what should I do now, I can't really stay in Huaxi Valley and not go out, can I? I want to go to the library to read books, and I also want to go to the lecture hall to listen to lectures, Grandpa."

"Go if you want."

Jiang Yuebai cried out.

Tao Fengnian said: "I just asked Mr. Hu that Lin Xiangtian had retreated the day before yesterday. If there is no major incident, he will not leave the retreat for two or three years."

"how do you know?"

"Do you know how grandpa had a grudge with Lin Xiangtian? That incident was actually my negligence. Back then, Lin Xiangtian needed to practice a furnace of Bingxin Maidan, but I failed in the first foundation building at that time, so I was absent-minded. I took the wrong elixir and gave it to him."

"Bingxin grass and Qingshuang herb are difficult to distinguish. One is warm and the other is cold. If you make a mistake, you can make a pill. Lin Xiangtian didn't notice that something went wrong when forming the pill, which buried hidden dangers. It takes multiple retreats to warm up to get rid of the golden pill." The cold air in the pill."

Jiang Yuebai suddenly realized that the reason why Jia Wei bullied grandpa so much and grandpa didn't say a word was because he felt that he was at fault.

There is also Lin Suwan, who is unruly, domineering and cruel, but just now she was only told to hide in Huaxi Valley and not to come out, precisely because Lin Xiangtian was not around and she had no backing.

"If it wasn't for me being a spiritual cultivator, the sect's strong protection, and the cold poison only costing him some time and energy and not killing him, how could Lin Xiangtian let me go? So girl, you should be admitted to the spiritual cultivator earlier, That is a life-saving talisman."

"Lin Xiangtian is narrow-minded and has no power in Tianyan Sect. Lin Suwan has no one to rely on except Lin Xiangtian. You just need to avoid her edge these days, and you can do whatever you want."

Tao Fengnian had already inquired about Jiang Yuebai's affairs clearly. He offended Lin Xiangtian, and the little girl had a feud with Lin Suwan, and it was fate.

Jiang Yuebai bit her lip, "Then can I... put on a sack and beat her a few times first?"

The corner of Tao Fengnian's mouth twitched, he pinched his brows and said, "Keep your hands and feet clean, don't let yourself be fooled."

"it is good!"

Jiang Yuebai smiled through tears, and wiped away tears with her sleeves indiscriminately.

"Don't you think grandpa is not up to date?" Tao Fengnian asked with a smile.

Jiang Yuebai shook her head, "My words were all out of anger, grandpa is the best grandpa in the whole world!"

Tao Fengnian poked Jiang Yuebai's eyebrows, "You, take it, your practice."

Two jade slips fell into Jiang Yuebai's hands, one was white and brand new, and the other was old and yellowed, she picked up the two jade slips suspiciously and stuck them between her eyebrows.

What is brand new is the "Five Elements Rotation Method".

The old one is..."Five Elements Return to True Merit"!

"The "Five Elements Guizhen Gong" is not the internal skill of Tianyan Sect, but something I obtained by accident in the mortal world. I used this skill to enter the Tao, and later passed the examination to enter Tianyan Sect. This skill is divided into five parts, Each one is an eighth-grade exercise, which can be cultivated independently."

"However, I have studied for many years and found that this skill is best practiced by those who have complete spiritual roots of the five elements. It can reach the power of the seventh-rank kung fu. Only inner-door qi practitioners have the opportunity to practice the seventh-rank kung fu, and once the kung fu is mastered After reaching the seventh rank, in addition to improving the efficiency of cultivation base, there are also the characteristics of the exercises themselves."

"Back to the turtle, this skill has the effect of nourishing the body and strengthening the body's defense. It's a pity that I only got the chapter on Qi training, not the method of building a foundation. Even so, this skill is not inferior to ordinary seventh-rank skills. Your exchange of the "Five Elements Rotation Method" is also for you to better understand the Five Elements Shengke and acquire this skill."

Tao Fengnian lacks soil in the five elements, and the four spiritual roots have never been able to practice this skill. At this time, he only hopes that Jiang Yuebai can truly complete this skill.

Moreover, he discovered in the general outline that the complete version of this exercise is not limited to the seventh grade. In addition to improving defense, it will also have the effect of prolonging life in the future.

If there is no limit of longevity, the five spirit roots are the truly unique aptitude.

Jiang Yuebai squeezed the two jade slips tightly, and couldn't help asking, "Grandpa, you and I are not related, why are you always so kind to me?"

Tao Fengnian smiled gently, "Grandpa naturally has a purpose for being nice to you, it's too heavy to tell you now, you should focus on cultivating first, and when the time is right, Grandpa will naturally tell you."


		