

[Spiritual roots] Five elements of spiritual roots (gold 9, wood 9, water 9, fire 9, earth 9)

All nines!

Jiang Yuebai's eyes widened in surprise, Hong Guanshi said that among the three Tianjiao who went straight to the inner sect, apart from Lu Nanzhi who was born with a spirit body, the one with the best aptitude was Xie Jingshan.

He has only one spiritual root with a value of nine, and he has four more spiritual roots with a value of nine. Isn't that stronger than him?

but……

[Gongfa] Entraining Qi Jue (3/45)

Originally, it only needed 21 points to gather up, but now it has become 45 points because of the increase in root value.

Based on this calculation, Xie Jingshan only needs nine points of spiritual energy to enter the first level of Qi training, and he needs five times more than him.

Jiang Yuebai took a deep breath and was not discouraged. She practiced five times longer, but she will definitely be five times stronger than Xie Jingshan in the future.

As long as she spends five times or even ten times more effort!

If you get something, you have to give something. There is no such thing as taking advantage of nothing in this world.

"You are here to consolidate what you just gained, and when I finish my work in the field... go back together."

Tao Fengnian left behind the formation of isolation and exploration, and went to the rice fields alone with a hoe to weed and eliminate insects.

Jiang Yuebai wiped her face with her sleeve, and immediately sat cross-legged in a posture with five hearts facing the sky, trying to sense the spiritual energy.

With a gentle breeze, her hair gently caressed Jiang Yuebai's immature face. Her brows and eyes were slightly closed, and her eyelashes trembled slightly. Amidst the rustling of leaves, she suddenly 'saw' a strange world.

The green light undulates like a river.

That is the rice in the spiritual field, as vast as the sea, boundless, and behind it, the outline of the old locust tree is intertwined with dots of green spiritual light.

Breathing in and out, the canopy of the tree is shaking, and the green aura is like snowflakes falling, radiant and eloquent.

In addition, she also "saw" the yellow earth aura mixed with the white gold aura under the rice fields.

Under the scorching sun, the red fire aura gathered into clouds and collided with the black water aura floating up and down.

Jiang Yuebai was amazed by this world composed entirely of five-element auras. Is there so much aura in Huaxi Valley?

She took the entraining qi pill last night and barely 'saw' the six or seven regiments. The difference between the root value is too big, isn't it?

Before she could even breathe properly, two clusters of aura fell from the tree on her shoulders and penetrated into her body.

[You meditate to entrain qi, the increase in root value will open up your spiritual sense, the affinity of aura will soar, and the proficiency in entraining qi will be +2]

Compared to last night when I was cautious, I didn't dare to breathe too much, and I only absorbed three clusters of aura all night, and now I didn't do anything, and now two clusters of aura flew in. This difference made Jiang Yuebai's scalp numb with excitement.

She swallowed her saliva, quickly stabilized her mind, and adjusted her breathing according to the Yin Qi formula.

The aura is rushing like moths to a flame.

[You meditate and entrain the qi, concentrate your mind, and the aura will follow one after another, the proficiency of entraining the qi +1]

[You meditate to entrain... entrain proficiency +1]

[...Entraining air proficiency +1]

[...Entraining air proficiency +1]

Tao Fengnian was using the edge formula to kill the black caterpillars in Linggu, when the formula in his hand was suddenly interrupted by a gust of wind, he looked up in surprise.

As the strong wind blew, the crown of the old locust tree trembled, and the leaves fell, flying around the little girl.

She has smooth eyebrows and long breath, sitting cross-legged quietly, resting her hands on her dantian, her hair fluttering in the wind.

The spiritual energy around her kept rushing towards her, like a shroud of starlight, making her shine brightly even in the blue sky and in the daytime.

Tao Fengnian's heart trembled for a while, his mouth felt dry and his jaw couldn't close.

Could it be that Hong Tao was mistaken, how could this level of innate comprehension be the root of the five spirits, he was probably born with a spiritual body close to nature, and the first battle of entraining qi was nothing more than that.

How much did she increase her root value just now?

Jiang Yuebai breathed silently, and Tao Fengnian watched silently until the midday of the sun passed noon, and there was no sign of Jiang Yuebai's breakthrough.

It was only then that Tao Fengnian believed that she was the root of five spirits, otherwise she should have stepped into the first level of Qi training.

As the strong wind weakened, Jiang Yuebai's heart became dry, and the leaves immediately fell all over her body.

She still wanted to continue, but her whole body was inexplicably itchy and swollen, her mood was restless, and it was difficult for her to concentrate, so she had to stop.

【Congfa】Entraining Qi Jue (28/45)

At this speed, at most one day, she will be able to step into the first level of Qi training!

Jiang Yuebai was delighted, she opened her eyes and grabbed the fallen leaves on her head, and saw Tao Fengnian standing beside her at some point, waving a small flag back, and withdrawing the isolation and detection formation.

It was only then that Jiang Yuebai realized that there were already people living in the field, so he secretly paid attention to this side. Song Pei'er, whom he had seen before, was standing not far away, his eyes met, and he raised his eyebrows with a smile.

Tao Fengnian tensed up all over, subconsciously standing in front of Jiang Yuebai.

"Grandpa, I..."

"Go back and talk!"

Tao Fengnian walked forward with a hoe on his shoulder and a bamboo hat on his shoulders. Jiang Yuebai got up and quickly followed behind, patiently wanting to share the joy.

Along the way, Tao Fengnian still didn't say a word, and when passers-by greeted him, he just nodded or hummed lightly.

Jiang Yuebai turned her eyes and ran to the front and walked backwards, "Grandpa, I found that you are very powerful."

Tao Fengnian glanced at her to see the gradually blazing aura on her body, just like the scorching sun at noon, heart-burning!

At such a young age, even with the five spirit roots, there are endless possibilities in the future, and he...

"Where is it so powerful?" Tao Fengnian replied angrily.

Jiang Yuebai smiled brightly, her eyes full of sincerity.

"It's amazing everywhere! Grandpa has planted more land than others, and the millet is taller and fuller than others. I just saw others spreading clouds and rain. Heck~ it's far worse than grandpa!"

"Also, everyone respects grandpa very much. It must be because of his high cultivation and ability. So, grandpa, are you the village chief?"

The corners of Tao Fengnian's lips curled up slightly, "Where are the village chiefs from the Immortal Sect, but you're right, they really respect the old man, because the old man is the only spiritual cultivator in Huaxi Valley, and his status is equivalent to that of an outer disciple. "

"What is a Linggeng?" Jiang Yuebai asked curiously.

Mentioning this, Tao Fengnian's face darkened again. Hong Tao sent her here because he wanted her to take her place.

"You are so young, who did you learn to be so flattering!"

Jiang Yuebai chuckled, "I figured it out for myself. I was begging for food at Xingshan Temple last winter. Dozens of little beggars told everyone they met that their relatives died in the famine in their hometown. They were all pitiful, but who has so much kindness to pity everyone?" people."

"So, I don't say I'm pitiful, I just praise those ladies and ladies vigorously, compared to others, they reward me as soon as they are happy, I even got golden melon seeds, but I almost died if I didn't keep them hey-hey."

Tao Fengnian suddenly stopped and looked at the six-year-old girl in front of him with a complicated expression.

Speak the bitterest things with the sweetest smile.

So at a very young age, she understood that the power of the sky is unpredictable, and the destiny is hard to violate. It is precisely because of her young age that she dared to have the courage to defy the sky and touch the rhythm of heaven and earth.

Tao Fengnian suddenly laughed at himself again, thinking that his age is nothing compared to a child, not even a child.

She was afraid that he would drive her away, and tried hard to please her, but she was giving up on herself, waiting to die and take revenge.

Green brick courtyard, stone table under the tree.

With two bowls of rice and a plate of pickles, Tao Fengnian put down two pairs of chopsticks.

Jiang Yuebai smiled when he saw it.

"Grandpa, Hong Guanshi is right, you are a kind person."

"Eating and sleeping without talking, there are no rules!"

One pair of chopsticks stretched out towards the pickles and was held down by another pair of chopsticks.

"From now on, except for Lingmi, you are not allowed to eat other things that are contaminated with mortal smoke and fire. If you don't want to eat pills, don't eat them. It will be beneficial for your future practice to cleanse the impurities in your body earlier."

"Also, every day when the Golden Crow first rises and the middle of the night is the time when the yin and yang qi are at their peak. You must not slack off in your cultivation. When you first enter the Tao, you should meditate for an hour and rest for a while. Progress step by step. Do you remember it?"

With rice grains on the corners of Jiang Yuebai's mouth, her eyes widened in flattery, is grandpa pointing her out?

So, he won't drive her away?

Tao Fengnian didn't change his expression, he ate pickles and rice in a leisurely manner.

"Old Tao, my elder sister asked me to have wine with Elder Lin, and I've left it to you to water and weed my 20 acres of land. Be careful, do you hear me?"

Suddenly, the domineering voice came, and Jiang Yuebai turned her head to see a rat-headed man standing at the gate of the courtyard, with the same handyman badge as hers hanging on his waist.

Grandpa just said that he is the person with the highest status in Huaxi Valley. How dare this person ask Grandpa to work for him?

Jiang Yuebai looked at Tao Fengnian, but saw that his eyes were dim.

"understood."

The man was triumphant, Jiang Yuebai frowned puzzled.


		