

Lin Suiwan came out of the outer disciple courtyard early in the morning, walked through the woods alone, sat down by the stream and threw stones.

In the past in the Lin Mansion, she was favored by thousands of pets, but now in Tian Yanzong, she is looked down upon everywhere.

"What ancestor, you can't even transfer me to your side, hum!"

Lin Suiwan smashed the stone into the stream, Tianyan Sect has strict rules, even if Lu Nanzhi is a disciple of the Lu family, born with a spirit body, Lu Nanzhi has to climb up step by step from the entrance examination.

No one is allowed to take special care of any disciples, and everything is done according to the rules of the clan.

Lu Nanzhi must meet the standards set by the patriarchal regulations before he can become a disciple of Zhenjun Yuanying, otherwise he can only temporarily become an ordinary inner disciple.

Lu Nanzhi was like this, she was a descendant of the last three generations of elders, and she couldn't go through the back door.

Therefore, she didn't know how long she would spend in the outer door.

"It doesn't matter if you give too much elixir, it's not the top grade. If you take too much erysipelas, it's hard to get rid of it and drag down your cultivation, what kind of ancestor!"

Lin Suwan angrily threw many stones, and when he was exhausted, he stood up and walked back.

A quiet alley, full of tree shadows.

Lin Suwan was walking when a black shadow fell from the sky, and she was caught off guard by the sack.

"Who... um!"

With a flash of the talisman light, Lin Suwan was silenced, punches and kicks, and the wind and rain all greeted her.

"Little girl, your ancestors can't be offended by me, and it is more than enough to teach you a lesson. I will beat you every time I see you in the future!"

male voice?

It was another round of beatings, avoiding the head and hitting Lin Suwan all over the body, causing her tears and excruciating pain, but she was silenced again, even if she wanted to beg for mercy.

With the last kick on the back, Lin Suiwan rolled all the way under the tree, slammed into the top and stopped, there was no movement around, she endured the pain and took down the sack.

The woods are quiet, and there is no one.

Lin Suiwan was covered in bruises all over his body, his face was pale from the pain, his nose was bleeding profusely, and his hair was disheveled like a chicken coop.

But apart from the body, there were no scars on the exposed parts.

She wept silently and trembled, wondering who her ancestor had offended, and even took revenge on her, and whether he would come back again in the future.

What kind of ancestor, it's fine if you don't take care of her, and even got her beaten, this place is terrible, she wants to go home!


In the courtyard of the lecture hall.

Jiang Yuebai was refreshed and in a good mood.

Before arriving at Sishi, he was the first to step into the teaching hall, sat cross-legged on the futon in the middle of the first row outside the hall, and studied "Five Flavors Miscellaneous" in his hand.

Books on the first floor of the library can be borrowed and returned within seven days. If they are damaged or lost, contribution points will be deducted.

Jiang Yuebai didn't have any contribution points at this time. Before going up the mountain, she went to the restaurant for a tour. In addition to the spirit rice, she also saw many dishes cooked with spirit vegetables and monster meat, which made her salivate.

There are different types of dishes, and they can be purchased with contribution points and spirit stones. Jiang Yuebai couldn't bear it, so he endured it.

"You also like "Five Flavors Miscellaneous"?"

A clear and gentle voice came from above the head, and the man with ink-painted eyebrows raised his clothes and sat cross-legged, smiling, and then rolled Jiang Yuebai's eyes.

He was about twenty years old, he didn't wear the clothes of the disciples of the sect, and the sky blue gown was as hazy as rain, which was really pretty.

Jiang Yuebai couldn't see the man's cultivation level, but felt that his aura was vigorous but not overpowering. To be able to sit here, could it be that he was also a handyman disciple?

In the Tianyan Sect, as long as the qualifications are not particularly poor and they can build a foundation, they can basically enter the outer sect.

After thinking about it, Jiang Yuebai narrowed her eyes and smiled: "Brother, you look so good-looking."

The man frowned slightly.

"My name is Jiang Yuebai, haven't you asked for the name of the senior brother yet?"

"The sky is clear, the river is white, the seagull is calm, the name is good, is the book good?"

"Well, I was fascinated when I saw it. I feel that this Wuweishan person is so powerful."

The man nodded slightly, "I also admire this kind of woman, who has the courage to abandon the court to find the way after half a lifetime of fighting. Wuweishanren later learned that she is the least valued Wulinggen in the cultivation world and never gave up on herself."

"With one horse and one gun, I walked out of the two kingdoms of Cangyun, traveled all over the three continents and nine regions of the Central Plains, passed through the sixteen divisions of Xiyun, pierced through the 100,000 mountains of Tianwu, entered the world of demons and aliens, and left the sea of ​​darkness to search for sharks. There are many shocking deeds left behind.”

Jiang Yuebai yearned longingly, "Did the person from Wuwei Mountain reach the top of the Dao? There is no age on it, and I don't even know which dynasty she is from."

The man shook his head, "Wuweishan people practiced the way of free and unrestrained life, and they didn't seek fame. There are only scattered collections left by her in the world of cultivation. I guess, if she hadn't fallen, she would be more than a thousand years old at this time. The earth spirit world went to the sky spirit world."

"Wuweishan people once lived in seclusion on Leyou Mountain in Yuyang County, Qingzhou, Yunguo for a period of time. Her small courtyard in the mountain has built Wuwei Temple at this time, and the incense is at its peak. If you are interested, you can go and see it when you go out to practice."

"Well, I'll definitely go and have a look. Senior brother, do you know what happened after Wuweishanren killed the white snake on the Bihai Cliff? I haven't finished writing this miscellaneous collection..."

Jiang Yuebai asked the man one by one and talked to the other. The man spoke in a soft voice, not rushing, Jiang Yuebai was fascinated by what he heard, and his eyes sparkled.

Jiang Yuebai didn't stop asking questions until the clock rang and someone stepped into the lecture hall.

Turning his head, he saw a six-year-old girl dressed in white, with a handsome face and a cold demeanor, giving her a feeling of keeping strangers away.

Jiang Yuebai recognized the person at a glance, it was Lu Nanzhi.

A look of surprise flashed across Lu Nanzhi's eyes, he nodded slightly, and walked straight into the hall, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the first row.

Jiang Yuebai opened her eyes wide. The disciples of the inner sect were taught by Jindan Zhenren and Yuanying Zhenjun, so there was no need to come to the Dharma hall to listen to the lectures.

As a proud person, she was able to let go of her figure and study with outer disciples and handymen.

"Disciple of the Lu family, it's really good to be humble and not arrogant."

Jiang Yuebai nodded, agreeing with what the man said.

Another little boy stepped into the lecture hall, Jiang Yue stared with white almond eyes, dressed in luxurious white clothes, and Xie Jingshan from the inner gate!

The four eyes met, Xie Jingshan also recognized Jiang Yuebai, the little girl who was competing with him in height in front of the mountain gate, and his back couldn't help but straighten.

Seeing the man next to Jiang Yuebai, Xie Jingshan's pupils trembled slightly, and he hurriedly bowed and cupped his hands.

"Xie Jingshan pays respects to Elder Li."

Jiang Yuebai turned her head abruptly, her eyes widened even further. The good-looking and gentle senior beside her turned out to be Elder Li Jiuchuan. Shouldn't he be an old man like his grandfather?

Li Jiuchuan smiled gently, "The hour is approaching, put away the miscellaneous books and listen to the lecture, and you are seated too."

Jiang Yuebai blushed, and hurriedly stuffed the miscellaneous things on her hands into the storage bag, and sat upright without looking sideways.

Xie Jingshan followed Li Jiuchuan to the hall and sat beside Lu Nanzhi. Jiang Yuebai looked at the backs of the two with envy in his eyes.

"In the future, I will also sit inside and attend lectures."

The disciples who listened to the lecture stepped into the lecture hall one after another, and they were surprised to see two inner disciples, Lu Nanzhi and Xie Jingshan.

Fortunately, Jiang Yuebai came early. Today's class was overcrowded. Not only were there many outer disciples standing in the hall, but the square outside the hall was also crowded with servant disciples.

Jiang Yuebai saw that Lu Ying couldn't find a seat squeezed beside her, so she quickly waved to her to let her squeeze a futon with him.

Li Jiuchuan glanced inside, but didn't say much.

At a quarter of an hour, Li Jiuchuan picked up a small hammer and rang the bronze chime beside him. The clear sound curled up and the noise disappeared.

The latecomers outside the courtyard stepped half a foot in and were slammed into the air by the sound waves.

Li Jiuchuan, who had been speaking softly just now, had a serious face, not angry but pretentious.

"Those who are not punctual are not worthy of listening to this elder's preaching!"

Everyone's scalp tightened, but anyone who knew Li Jiuchuan knew that he was strict, he judged people regardless of aptitude and cultivation, and only hated those who didn't cherish time. Because of his five spirit root aptitude, time is life on the way to practice.

"Okay, today we're going to talk about the way of the five elements' generation and restraint. If you think this is the way that Jindan real people need to study, you can leave now... Since no one leaves, then let's talk..."


		