

When Xie Jingshan woke up, he took off the scroll on his face, wiped the saliva from the corners of his mouth, and stretched his arms and bones.

Opening his eyes, he suddenly saw two people who had just fought together, reading and discussing Taoism, very intimate.

Xie Jingshan blinked in bewilderment, how long has he been asleep? What happened when he fell asleep?

and many more! Why is he falling asleep? !

Patting his head, Xie Jingshan saw that Lu Nanzhi was humbly asking for advice, and Jiang Yuebai was talking eloquently, alarm bells were ringing in his heart, and he felt like he was thrown off by the two of them just after sleeping.

No, he, Xie Jingshan, must not fall behind!

Clenching his fist and coughing twice, Xie Jingshan approached with a book, interrupting the two of them.

"I just read through this book, and there are a few things I don't understand, can you help me read it?"

Lu Nanzhi remained expressionless, while Jiang Yuebai squinted suspiciously.

Xie Jingshan bit the bullet and clicked on a line in the book.

Lu Nanzhi glanced at it, frowned and thought, Jiang Yuebai lowered his eyes and glanced lightly, "You can understand the meaning of this paragraph by comparing it with the third sentence on page 17."

"Page 17...Let me take a look..." Xie Jingshan flipped through the book, "Well...so that's it...wait! How did you know what the third sentence on page 17 is?"

Jiang Yuebai smiled politely, "I have finished memorizing the book in your hand."

Xie Jingshan was struck by lightning, Lu Nanzhi's eyes filled with admiration.

"I haven't read the book through, so don't bother me and Senior Sister Lu."

Jiang Yuebai chased people away and continued to discuss the evolution of ancient magic with Lu Nanzhi.

"Senior Sister Lu, if it is because the amount of spiritual energy is not as good as that of ancient times, so that the spells are not as good as the hand formulas, I always feel that it is wrong. Is it possible that the heaven and the earth have evolved, the rules of the heavens are more complete, and the classification of spells is more detailed, so it needs to be more accurate. The way to mobilize the corresponding aura..."

Xie Jingshan was devastated, sitting paralyzed in the grass, the wind was blowing, and the cold was palpable. He wanted to surpass Jiang Yuebai, not only his cultivation, but also his endorsement!

He Xie Jingshan will never admit defeat, isn't it just an endorsement?

back! Back to death!

Xie Jingshan gritted his teeth and added the word endorsement to his practice plan.

However, it didn't take long for him to realize that he was too! sky! real! up!

"Jiang Yuebai, why are you cutting down these dead trees?"

"Make a short table to practice calligraphy."

Practice plan increased, calligraphy! And carpenters!

"Jiang Yuebai, aren't you practicing calligraphy? Why are you cutting talisman paper?!"

"Don't make noise, I'm learning how to make talismans."

The practice plan has increased, and the six arts of comprehension! Learn all!

"Jiang Yuebai, don't you rest?"

"I want to practice in my daily life, and I am used to going to bed late. I will go there to practice sword skills and spells."

The practice plan is changed, martial arts and spells are practiced to death!

"Jiang Yuebai, enough is enough! Lu Nanzhi couldn't sleep anymore, why are you still so energetic?"

"Sleeping is a waste of time, go to sleep, I will watch "Five Flavors" for you."

"How dare I sleep if you don't sleep!!"

Xie Jingshan originally thought that Lu Nanzhi was already the hardest working person he had ever met, but he didn't know that Lu Nanzhi was nothing until he met Jiang Yuebai.

At the very least, Lu Nanzhi still knows how to sleep, while Jiang Yuebai doesn't sleep at all!

Instead of sleeping, she actually regards sitting down and writing calligraphy and drawing symbols as a rest for the body, and practicing spells and martial arts as a rest for the mind, alternating cycles.

He asked Jiang Yuebai if it was really okay to be so tense?

Jiang Yuebai said that she was not tense, and she spent half an hour every day watching "Five Flavors" to relax.

Read a book to relax... Xie Jingshan clutched his chest, unable to bear it.

With a sigh of relief, he resisted until midnight and finally couldn't hold it anymore. He fell asleep on the uneven low table that he made by himself, and tears of sadness flowed down together with the saliva from his deep sleep.

It was windy and bitterly cold.

Jiang Yuebai took out the quilt she brought with her from the storage bag, covered Lu Nanzhi and Xie Jingshan, and continued to lean against the leeward rock, holding the Ye Mingzhu and reading at the desk.

It's strange to say that since she practiced "Five Elements Returning to the True Gong", she has become more and more energetic.

I spent two days and two nights with my grandfather in the spiritual field, as long as the spiritual energy circulates in the body twice, the fatigue will be eliminated immediately.

Based on this alone, Jiang Yuebai really wanted to find the complete "Five Elements Guizhengong".

Turning his attention back to the book, Jiang Yuebai was seeing Wuweishanren collecting heaven, material and earth treasures, preparing to refine the natal magic treasure, the Dandan.

Li Jiuchuan had read the book, and there were many small words around it, all of which were speculations about this talisman.

"...Five-color lotus platform, cast spells from the heart, refine the aura of the five elements into the essence of the five elements, generate and restrain each other, form a self-circulation, evolve by itself, accumulate over time to form the origin of the five elements, and form a world by itself..."

Just looking at the scattered descriptions, this talisman is indeed powerful and very promising.

Once the Five Elements Reiki is extracted from the Five Elements Qi, it can greatly enhance the power of the Five Elements spells. No wonder Li Jiuchuan said that he can beat the late Golden Core at the early stage of Golden Core.

There is also the origin of the five elements mentioned in it, which is the cornerstone of the movement of the world. If the origin of the five elements is really born, wouldn't it become a small world in the cave?

Jiang Yuebai couldn't help swallowing her saliva while reading it. She was still a hundred and eight thousand miles away from forming the alchemy, so she was already envious of this talisman.

On second thought, such a powerful magic weapon must be very complicated to refine.

No wonder Li Jiuchuan's talisman was broken and difficult to repair. If there is really no hope at all, he can only repair it when his lifespan is still enough.

It's a pity that Li Jiuchuan is only one step away from the baby Mingming.

Jiang Yuebai was not in the mood to look back, and put the book back into the storage bag. When his consciousness was retracted, he suddenly saw the wooden puppet in the storage bag, and took it out to play with.

"Last time, I felt that there was something inside, and it was shaking."

Jiang Yuebai lifted the wooden puppet's skull and found a spirit stone embedded in it. There were complex channels in the spirit stone to form a magic circle, and he didn't know how to do it.

She tried to penetrate the spirit stone with her weak spiritual consciousness, and felt that the spiritual consciousness was divided into threads by the channels in the spirit stone, and scattered like meridians throughout the body of the wooden puppet.

At this moment, Jiang Yuebai felt that the wooden puppet was like another self, who could make various movements according to her thoughts.

"It's amazing, can the wooden puppet also cast spells?"

Although the wooden puppet is small, its fingers are alive and well, Jiang Yuebai thought, and the wooden puppet immediately made a trick.

Halfway through the magic formula, the green wood aura circulated at the wooden puppet's fingertips, Jiang Yuebai's brain tingled, and his spiritual consciousness was disconnected from the wooden puppet.

In the sea of ​​consciousness, the three-leaf wheat seedlings were wilted and lost their vitality, which was a sign of her exhaustion of consciousness.

"My spiritual consciousness is really bad, I need to quickly find a method to improve my spiritual consciousness."

Jiang Yuebai rubbed her temples, and after recovering, she continued to play with the wooden puppet, lifted the wooden cover on her chest, and saw complicated gears and mechanisms.

"what is that?"

Deep inside the wooden puppet's body, a small piece of silk cloth was rolled up on the spine, with mottled ink marks, which seemed to be pictures and words.

Jiang Yuebai thought for a moment, then became furious.

"It's so despicable! I want to dismantle the wooden puppet and take out the blueprints inside, study and study, and fall into her tricks! Once I learn it, I will definitely feel guilty next time I meet, and I won't do it without calling Master."

Stuffing the wooden puppet into the storage bag, Jiang Yuebai folded his arms and puffed up his cheeks.

"I, Jiang Yuebai, am a man of integrity. If you want me to be tricked, there is no door! I won't tear down a wooden puppet no matter what!"

After a while.

Gear parts were scattered all over the table, Jiang Yuebai held up the silk cloth and frowned.

"This is much more complicated and sophisticated than my father's blueprints for building a house. It's over, it's over, and I can't pretend to go back for a while. What is it here?"

Turn it over, there are densely packed lowercase scripts, and there is an exquisite array underneath.

"Spiritual machine stone refining method? The magical machine stone is the core of puppet control. The puppets are beginners. They use spirit stones to make low-level magic stones, which can control puppets during the Qi training period. Carve spiritual stones with spiritual consciousness and form them inside. The magic circle, the spiritual energy of the spirit stone boosts the consciousness..."

Jiang Yuebai looked carefully, and his eyes lit up after reading it.

"This is actually a way to temper one's consciousness, but it's too expensive, no, no, I'm poor, I can't learn it for a while, all the spirit stones have to be discarded, I can't learn this method, and I don't have a spirit stone mine, how can I Affordable?"

Jiang Yuebai put away the silk cloth, packed the table full of parts into a storage bag in a box, and leaned against the rock with an irritable expression.

After a while, she sat up and took out a Lingshi.

"I'll just try once, um, just once!"


		