

The rooster crows three times, and the morning light is faint.

Tao Fengnian practiced overnight, and his cultivation level was as stable as a rock, without any loosening.

He pushed open the door and walked out, and saw that the small green brick courtyard suddenly became tidy and clean, and everything was completely new.

The little girl in the gray uniform with her bun slanted, awkwardly dragging a broom bigger than herself, sweeping the golden leaves under the ginkgo tree, panting and sweating profusely.

It was only one night, and Tao Fengnian was slightly shocked by the spiritual light on her body.

Although it is not difficult to draw qi into the body, for children who are just getting started, sitting still is against their nature, let alone feel the aura in meditation. Many children find it difficult to sit quietly.

But she already has aura on her body, which means that she not only passed the test of meditation, but also felt the existence of aura and absorbed it into her body.

Even if he was successful in his studies and calm in body and mind, it took him three days to receive the first ray of spiritual energy, and at the beginning, he didn't know when the spiritual energy would be full, and without a goal, it was extremely easy to get restless.

Tao Fengnian's eyes flickered, seeing Jiang Yuebai's calm brows, thinking of Hong Tao saying that she was resolute...

Jiang Yuebai wiped the sweat off her brow with her sleeve, and found Tao Fengnian standing at the door of the North House, with a smile like the rising sun immediately on his face.

"Look, grandpa, I cleaned up the yard."

Tao Fengnian feigned indifference, raised his right hand, and as his fingers changed, a gleam of light burst out, turning into a breeze and blowing across Jiang Yuebai's feet, and the fallen leaves were all piled up under the tree in an instant.

"Things that can be solved by a wind scroll technique, why do you need to work hard..."

"Wow! Is this a spell? Grandpa, you are amazing."


Jiang Yuebai's eyes were bright, and her face was full of admiration. She was not shocked at all because of wasting effort, but looked at Tao Fengnian longingly.

"Grandpa, can I learn this spell?"

Tao Fengnian put his hands behind his back, "If you want to learn spells, go to the Qi Refining Floor first."

Jiang Yuebai silently glanced at her cultivation panel.

[Gongfa] Entraining Qi Jue (3/21)

She didn't sleep all night and caught the light ball. Although it was difficult and slow, she could directly see the improvement and goals, and she was full of energy. At this speed...

"Grandpa, don't worry, I will be able to go to the Qi training floor in six days."

Tao Fengnian sneered when he heard this, "You can brag a lot at such a young age. It took me 27 years to step into the first level of Qi training. If you can succeed in six days, I might as well keep you. If not, get out as soon as possible!"

"Okay, grandpa, don't lie!" Jiang Yuebai was full of confidence.

Tao Fengnian frowned, but after thinking about it, she still thought it was a fantasy. If she had a single or double spiritual root, with the help of pills, in a place with abundant spiritual energy, it would be possible for six days.

Wulinggen?

Unless the root values ​​all reach nine, otherwise...forget it!

Tao Fengnian looked at Jiang Yuebai for a while, his little face was very delicate after washing, and it was easy to make people feel good about him when he always smiled.

But she was sent here to urge him to die.

Shaking his head, Tao Fengnian went to the kitchen to cook, scooped out a bowl of Lingmi as usual, and was about to wash it, he paused and angrily added half a bowl.

He didn't call Jiang Yuebai after cooking, the little girl came over with a shy smile, and waited for Tao Fengnian to finish eating and put down her chopsticks before she ate the rest of the pot and washed the pots and bowls.

Daily inspection of Lingtian as usual, Tao Fengnian put on a bamboo hat and went out with a hoe on his shoulder.

Huaxi Valley is like a mortal village. All the farmers live in the small village at the mouth of the valley. Behind the village is a thousand hectares of spiritual fields, mainly planting spiritual valleys.

"Old Tao, it's so early today."

Tao Fengnian was in a bad mood and didn't want to pay attention to someone on the side of the road saying hello.

"Hey, what a beautiful little girl, are you Tao Lao's apprentice?"

"Sister, you are so beautiful, just like the fairy in the painting."

Hearing the sound, Tao Fengnian turned around, and saw Jiang Yuebai standing in front of Song Pei'er with a cute face.

Song Pei'er, who was wearing a cherry pink long dress, was praised by Jiang Yuebai with a smile on her face.

"It's been a long time since I've heard anyone call me sister, little girl, do you know that my sister is sixty-one this year?"

"what?"

Jiang Yuebai opened her eyes wide in surprise and horror. The person in front of her was at most in her early twenties, not at all like that kind of wrinkled old woman in sixties.

"Good boy, take this red cherry fruit and eat it."

The red spirit fruit was stuffed into Jiang Yuebai's hands, and she hurriedly bowed, "Thank you sister... sister."

After yelling bravely, Jiang Yuebai chased after Tao Fengnian.

All the way out of the village, Jiang Yuebai found that almost everyone would greet Tao Fengnian when they saw him, and respect him very much, as if he was the village head.

Tao Fengnian ignored him, Jiang Yuebai called people obediently and enthusiastically, uncles, aunts, brothers and sisters yelled indiscriminately.

Tao Fengnian finally couldn't help it anymore, "After entering the fairy gate, there will be no more mortal titles. Those who are higher than you in the same level of cultivation are called senior brothers and sisters, those who are lower than you are called senior brothers and sisters, and those who are one level higher are called senior uncles. Gao is Jindan Daoist Yuanying Zhenjun, and he should be called by his honorary title."

"I remember, Grandpa, do you want to eat the red cherry fruit?" Jiang Yuebai held up the fruit like a treasure, swallowing quietly by herself.

Tao Fengnian ignored her, went to the edge of the field and put down the hoe, picked some rice and crushed it in the palm of his hand to check the growth of the rice.

Finding that the grains were shriveled and lacking in water, Tao Fengnian frowned and looked at the increasingly hot sun, and hurriedly stepped back two steps and started using his hands.

Gathering clouds and turning into rain!

In the gentle breeze, the rice waves are surging, and the deep yellow color is far and near, deep and shallow.

Jiang Yuebai hid the red cherry fruit that she couldn't bear to eat in her skirt, and when she looked up, she saw Tao Fengnian's fingers fluttering, and white water mist gathered from all directions, passed through his fingers, and gathered above the rice field, forming a thin white mist. Rain and fog.

Not long after, the rain fell from the rain and mist. The rain was icy and soaked into the rice fields. The heavy rice swayed slightly, exuding aura and vitality again.

Jiang Yuebai looked at the rain and fog in front of him, his pupils vibrated violently, and his heart was greatly shocked.

Immediately afterwards, her expression suddenly dimmed, and the smile on her face disappeared as well, she lowered her head sullenly and clenched the corner of her clothes tightly.

Tao Fengnian finished raining on more than 20 acres of land, spent most of his spiritual energy and stopped to rest. Turning around, he saw Jiang Yuebai, who was still alive and kicking just now, sitting under the old locust tree with his knees hugged, his eyes reddened and trying not to cry.

Tao Fengnian was a little irritable, but he still walked over with his hands behind his back, "Suddenly, what happened?"

"Grandpa, is that spell you just said difficult to learn?"

"That's Cloud and Rain Jue, a spell that can be learned at the first level of Qi training. It's not too difficult."

"After learning, can I rain and water the millet like you?"

Tao Fengnian nodded.

Jiang Yuebai's eyes became more and more red, "Why didn't I come to Xianmen sooner? If I had learned this Yunyu Jue earlier, Jiangjia Village would not have died so many people due to the severe drought. My father, mother and brother are all dead. It's because it doesn't rain."

"Grandpa, why is it that the matter that can be solved by moving a finger for a cultivator will kill all of us in one village? I don't understand, I really don't understand..."

Jiang Yuebai buried her head, her shoulders shrugged and cried silently, Tao Fengnian's eyes suddenly turned red, and her heart felt sore.

He sighed heavily, "My wife lost her life because her leg was crushed by a carriage back then, but in the world of cultivating immortals, only two spells are enough to heal injuries with bones."

Jiang Yuebai raised her head and sucked her snot, with teary eyes.

Tao Fengnian's eyes were miserable and helpless, "Perhaps, this is the reason why countless mortals desperately want immortals. Ordinary people's fate is determined by God, and the fate of immortals is determined against the sky."

Jiang Yuebai nodded half-understood, while comprehending the truth, he murmured: "I seem to understand a little bit, why do I want to cultivate immortality..."

Others practice immortality for strength, wealth, power, and longevity.

The children of the Xiuxian family wanted to be immortals from birth, and they never thought about why, or they just wanted to be happy for their parents.

Jiang Yuebai used to want to eat enough to avoid being bullied, but now, she is fighting against birth, old age, sickness and death, natural disasters and man-made disasters, in order not to be arranged by fate, and to break the shackles of heaven.

It doesn't rain, she rains by herself, the sky wants her life, so she turned against the sky!

"It turns out that cultivating immortals is against the sky, and it is such a fate that goes against it!"

Jiang Yuebai's eyes were fixed, the wind blew up from the ground, the old trees rustled, and the leaves fell like rain.

Tao Fengnian was shocked, and watched in amazement as the falling green leaves turned into colorful petals all over Jiang Yuebai's body, and a mysterious and mysterious Taoist rhyme gushed out from her body, spreading like ripples.

The hype is falling, the rhyme of the Tao is added to the body, the essence is washed and the marrow is cut, and the bones are easy to grow!

This is an extremely rare sign of enlightenment!

Even Daoist Jiedan may not be able to touch the heaven and earth Dao Yunjia in one go, she is just a child who has not entered the Tao!

Although it won't improve her cultivation, it can help her to establish the supreme heart, so that she can get twice the result with half the effort on the state of mind when she practices in the future.

Of course, the most important thing is that there will be an increase in the root value of the spiritual root that is destined to be hard to change that day. This will only happen when a monk realizes the Dao for the first time in his life.

Tao Fengnian hurriedly took out a set of formation flags, and set up a large formation around her to shield her from detection.

It is a blessing for such a thing to happen to the arrogant of the cultivation family, but it is a disaster for her, a mortal girl with no background.

Daoyun came and went quickly, Jiang Yuebai, a six-year-old girl, understood the way of heaven in an instant, but she couldn't deepen her understanding.

But she found that the spiritual root value in the Immortal Cultivation Panel had changed!


		