

On Qingyun Ridge, below the door sign of Tianyan Zongshan.

Tao Fengnian gave the tokens of the two to the disciples guarding the mountain gate for inspection.

"Old Tao, you look good, and you will gain a lot from going out this time?"

"Yeah, seeing your flushed face and full of energy, what good thing happened to you?"

"It's nothing good, it's still the same." Tao Fengnian took the token with a smile.

Jiang Yuebai looked back and forth with her head up, thinking that Mo Baichun's healing medicine is really good, and her grandfather's complexion is better than before in the past two days, and he doesn't cough much anymore.

After entering the mountain gate, Jiang Yuebai looked towards Tiankui Peak, the main peak of Tianyan Sect, which towered into the sky, and said, "Grandpa, you go back first, I want to go to Wanfa Hall to find Elder Li, and give me the gift I prepared."

Tao Fengnian hesitated for a while, seeing that the sky was approaching noon, he couldn't help but hold the wooden box tightly in his arms.

"Okay, grandpa will go back to Huaxi Valley first to deal with those monster corpses, and come back directly after exiting the Wanfa Hall. If there is anything to do, use the paper crane to send a message. The main peak is an important place for the sect, so don't run around."

Jiang Yuebai smiled and said, "Well, I have a sense of proportion."

After finishing speaking, Jiang Yuebai started to chase stars and disappeared on the mountain road in a flash.

The Wanfa Hall is an important place of the sect, located in the Calabash Valley at the foot of the main peak, guarded by a large array at the entrance of the valley, and a white tiger with a demon pill sits in the town.

Li Jiuchuan was also very concerned about the construction of the five-element revolving bridge this time, so he gave Jiang Yuebai a token early on, so that Jiang Yuebai could find him after he succeeded.

"Also ask Hu Zun to allow me to enter the valley."

Jiang Yuebai presented the token with both hands, and the lazy white tiger yawned and shook his head, walking in front of Jiang Yuebai with graceful catwalks.

The wet nose sniffed Jiang Yuebai's body once, and the tip of the nose lightly tapped.

"Ouch!"

Jiang Yuebai puffed up her buttocks on the ground and her cheeks puffed up.

There was a bit of a smirk in Baihu's eyes, his ears moved slightly, and a gap opened in the barrier of Taniguchi.

Jiang Yuebai got up and patted the dust off her body, scolded the stinky tiger in her heart, and left with her hands clapped.

Walking through the bamboo forest path, the eyes suddenly open up, like another strange world.

The clouds are steaming and the clouds are glowing, the green mountains are looming, the waterfalls are flying like silver dragons roaring, and there are thousands of waves.

In the misty water and mist, the floating islands, buildings and boats are scattered high and low, the sky is in the sky, and the cranes are flying around, just like a fairy palace falling into the mortal world.

Butterflies danced around her body, Jiang Yuebai walked slowly among them, looking around with her neck up.

I saw monks walking around with their swords, saw spirit beasts wrestling and writhing, and saw a boy in white with a red mole on his brow hurrying along with a gourd in his arms.

"Don't run away, the uncle raised you with great difficulty. If you run away, the uncle's year-end evaluation will be over again."

When the green shadow came, Jiang Yuebai stopped in a hurry, seeing a green-tasseled ginseng baby running in front of him, and realizing that she was looking at it, he stopped and kicked the dirt angrily at her.

"Be careful!"

Jiang Yuebai was pushed away by a gust of wind, the streamer fell on the ground, and the fiery trees and silver flowers were really beautiful.

"This spell has been improved thousands of times, why is it almost meaningless?"

Daoist Jindan stepped on his sword and left, sighing.

"Our Ten Thousand Laws Hall needs to bring forth the new through the old, and the cloud and smoke array is already outdated!"

"If it's out of date, you can't engrave a dragon-elephant array. Dragon boats are for transportation, not for smashing people!"

"Come, come, you don't accept me, I don't accept you, see the truth under my hand."

In the distance, two slovenly monks stood under the half-built dragon boat, rolled up their sleeves and unleashed their spiritual swords to fight.

Jiang Yuebai swallowed her saliva, feeling that this place was dangerous, so she quickly stepped into the small courtyard ahead.

Passing through the cave gate, walking past the waterside pavilion, the winged koi in the lotus pond splashed water all over her body for no reason, Jiang Yuebai was full of anger, but she couldn't find anyone to ask where Li Jiuchuan was.

After walking for a while like a headless chicken, Jiang Yuebai heard voices.

"Senior Brother Du, where are you going in such a hurry?"

"It wasn't about the snow disaster a few days ago. The disciples of the Law Enforcement Hall found the Ice Beetle King in every valley. I have some clues here. I am going to ask the Law Enforcement Hall about the situation verification that day."

"That matter is not over yet. It will be over after I turn the world around as Zhenjun Fuyi."

"It's not over until the root cause of the snow disaster is found. The snow is extremely cloudy this time. Digging three feet over the Yinfengjian did not find any problems. I don't know where the cloudy air leaked out. The resentment is so strong The celestial phenomena are all affected, what are you going to do?"

"It wasn't that Li Jiuchuan, who still didn't give up trying to repair his broken talisman, and asked me for the book of refining, so I went to give it to him, but he was not there yet, telling me to run away in vain, and bullying others too much !"

"Let's say a few words less, back then, even though Zhenjun Fuyi was guarding the pass alone in the ghost tide in the sea, his credit was not small, and because of this, he broke the magic weapon of his life, and he was born with no hope of being born at the door. He is also a poor person If not, he would have soared into the sky like the patriarch Lu Xingyun."

"If True Monarch Fuyi said he has merit, you should take him as meritorious service. If Zhenjun Fuyi hadn't resisted all opinions and kept him in Wanfa Hall, he should have been sent out to guard the secret realm of the mine to wait for his death. But It's just because of a face, the little white face of Israel's servants."

"Walls have ears, so it's okay for you to talk to Li Jiuchuan, but it's not good for some words to be passed on to Master Fuyi, besides, they don't seem to have met each other..."

The two walked past Jiang Yuebai. In the eyes of Daoist Jindan, she was like a handyman like an ant. They didn't care and couldn't see her existence at all.

Jiang Yuebai waited for the two Jindan real people to walk away before straightening up and frowning.

It is a fatal thing for the talisman to shatter. It turned out that Elder Li was hopeless because of this.

As soon as he raised his head, Jiang Yuebai suddenly saw the person under the winter plum tree in the distance, the flowers were falling like rain, falling all over his body, and the young man in Tsing Yi was tall and tall, as beautiful as a picture scroll.

Jiang Yuebai's heart twitched, not because of the beauty at this time, but because he wondered how long Li Jiuchuan had been standing there, and whether he also heard what those two people said just now.

Li Jiuchuan brushed off the petals on his shoulders and walked slowly, with a faint smile on the corner of his mouth, making people feel like a spring breeze.

"The tiger sent me a message, and I came out to look for you, but you walked fast, follow me."

Jiang Yuebai took a breath, and followed with a big smile, "Is Tiger the name of Taniguchi Tiger?"

Li Jiuchuan said, "No, tiger is a respectful name for the tiger demon. It is called Qionglin Tiger."

"It sounds nice. When I form a pill in the future, I will also have a nice and majestic dao name. Then what is your dao name, Elder Li?"

"Me? I haven't given any Taoist name yet, they call me Jiuchuan Daoist."

Turning around, Li Jiuchuan took Jiang Yuebai to the deepest place, a small courtyard with its back against the cliff.

The courtyard is quiet, winter plums are in full bloom, bamboo curtains are half rolled up, green smoke is curling from the incense burner next to the Guqin in the corridor, picture scrolls and books are scattered all over the place, and there is a special fragrance of books in the chaos.

Li Jiuchuan swept lightly with a wave of his hand, and the breeze blew, and the picture scrolls and books flew up one after another, and returned to the bookshelf in the house.

Jiang Yuebai followed her eyes and saw that the room was full of books.

Li Jiuchuan took Jiang Yuebai to the porch to sit for a while, and poured her a cup of hot tea with his own hands.

Except when he was in class, Li Jiuchuan treated the disciples of the sect with no airs, nor did he judge people based on their aptitude and background, and was very kind and kind.

Jiang Yuebai performed outstandingly in his class, so he especially preferred them.

Therefore, Jiang Yuebai also treated him with respect and fearlessness, so there was no need to suppress his temper too much.

"Looking at the growth of your cultivation base, the Five Elements Revolving Bridge should be completed?" Putting the hot tea in front of Jiang Yuebai, Li Jiuchuan asked with a smile.

Jiang Yuebai nodded, and Li Jiuchuan showed joy.

"Can you allow me to investigate one or two?"

Jiang Yuebai struggled with retracting her hands.

"I'm just curious about what the five-element revolving bridge looks like during the Qi refining period. I have taught in the Lecture Hall for many years, and I have taught many Wulinggen disciples. Counting myself, only three of them successfully built the bridge, and they were all after the foundation-building period. "

"Looking at your situation, it may help other disciples of the Five Spiritual Roots in the Qi Refining Stage to build a bridge, so I want to explore one or two. Dantian is the most secret place for monks, so it doesn't matter if you don't want to."

Jiang Yuebai bit her lip. If it wasn't for Li Jiuchuan's guidance, she would never have successfully built the bridge so quickly. After thinking about it, Jiang Yuebai stretched out her hand.

Li Jiuchuan smiled slightly, stretched out his hand while supporting his wide sleeve, put his fingers lightly on Jiang Yuebai's wrist, and a divine sense penetrated into the meridians.

Seeing the width of Jiang Yuebai's meridians, Li Jiuchuan's expression was slightly startled, and when he probed further to see the situation in her dantian clearly, Li Jiuchuan's pupils trembled.

The five-element cyclone rotates slowly, is about the same size, and is very firmly connected to each other.

If it is really done, and it is even better than he was at that time, with such a savvy potential, it will definitely shine in the future.

Li Jiuchuan withdrew his hand, "If Daoist Jindan was not allowed to accept apprentices in the sect, I would have taken you under the sect, but I have the right to transfer the servants, would you like to come to me? Come with me to study the five elements? "

"what?"

Jiang Yuebai opened her mouth in a daze, why did she become a favorite, one or two wanted to accept her.


		