

Under a warm winter sun,

There was a lot of traffic in front of the Xu Mansion's mansion, and there was still an endless stream of traffickers and pawns. Qin Mo, who had used the secret art of disguise, was inconspicuous among them.

This is already the third day since he arrived in Jingjiang City.

Before arriving in Jingjiang City, he had been preparing to sneak into the mansion directly to save people under the cover of night, but he resolutely gave up the whole choice after seeing the scale of Xu's mansion.

too big.

This mansion occupies too much land, and when the internal layout is not clear, even if you sneak in, unless you are lucky, it is impossible to find someone in a short time.

Moreover, there are strong people in Xu's mansion, even if there is a teacher to cover up his breath, there is still a great risk of exposure.

The rescue operation thus came to a deadlock.

However, during the past two days when he was eating at a nearby stall, he heard that there was a fairy-looking woman in Xu's mansion who had gone out twice.

Qin Mo wanted to try his luck and see if he could meet Jinxuan who was out outside the mansion.

If you can meet them, there is no need to venture into Xu's mansion.

But this wait is two days.

Qin Mo sighed slightly, walked to a hawker stall selling noodles next to Xu's mansion, ordered some small noodles with meat, found a table and sat down, then looked at the noodle shop not far away without a trace. The gate of Xu Mansion.

Soon a bowl of hot noodles was taken out of the cauldron by the boss and brought up.

Qin Mo was thinking about his next plan while eating.

suddenly,

A rather simple and honest voice came from the table next to him.

"...Old Liu, I heard that your son has been recruited into Xu's mansion as a long-term worker, is he so good?"


Qin Mo raised his eyebrows sharply when he heard the content, and glanced back at them.

This is a middle-aged man and a thin old man, both dressed in coarse linen, and there are some mountain goods on the ground beside them, they should be people who went to the city to go to the market.

Look back and listen carefully.

After the simple and honest man's voice fell, the skinny old man replied slowly with pride:

"What's so great, it took several taels of money to send it in through connections."

Hearing this, the simple and honest man next to him lowered his voice:

"Hey...Old Liu, I heard that a low-level long-term worker in Xu's mansion has a monthly salary of one or two taels of silver. Is this true?"

The old man named Lao Liutou glanced at the middle-aged man next to him with a little air, and stroked his three taels of beard:

"How can there be so much, and the monthly money is always in the early part."

One tael of silver can be exchanged for two taels of money at the end of the month.

"I've always been in my early years?! Then I'll get back my money after more than a year, tsk tsk..." The honest man clicked his tongue for a while, his eyes moved a little, he rubbed his hands, smiled and shrunk his basket of wild goods The old man pushed over there:

"Brother Liu, our two families are considered family friends, ahem, can you tell me about your relationship?"

The skinny old man glanced at it, and wrinkles bloomed on his face: "It's a relationship...hehe, it's easy, as long as you..."



After listening carefully to the conversation between the two,

After eating the noodles, Qin Mo put down a dozen or so coins and got up to leave, with an idea in his mind.



a day later,

Jingjiang Xu Mansion,

Outside the southwest door for servants to enter and exit,

The alley was silent, but at the moment there were bursts of lectures.

"...The rules of my Xu Mansion, you all remember for me, whoever dares to commit crimes, the rules of the mansion will serve!"

"...After entering my Xu's mansion, do more, talk less, watch less, the monthly payment will never be in arrears..."

"...The world outside is so chaotic now, being able to come to my Xu Mansion to work is a blessing you have cultivated in eight lifetimes!"

A young steward stood on the steps and lectured the new long-term workers in front of him.

It wasn't until the mouth was dry that the young steward waved his hand to signal the concierge Xiao Si to open the door and prepare to leave.

But as if thinking of something, he stopped again, and turned his head with a hint of warning in his tone:

"Oh, by the way, don't blame me, Li Ping, for not reminding you. After a while, the foreman will guide you to familiarize yourself with the environment, so keep your eyes on me. Those ladies and wives, even maids, are not something you bastards can see. "

"Especially Miss Su."

"Back then, a sixth-rank fairy was killed by the third son, not to mention you bastards, if you stare at it and make the third son unhappy, the heavenly king will not be able to keep you!"

After finishing speaking, the porter opened the door behind him, and the young steward turned and left.

As soon as the steward left, the long-term workers below began to discuss in whispers, and Qin Mo, who had changed his face, was also discussing softly among the crowd.

Hearing the news at the noodle stall, after several twists and turns, he bought his quota from a dark young man for seven taels of silver.

So there is the present scene.

Mo Mo waited outside the mansion gate for a quarter of an hour before several foremen in long gowns came belatedly to pick someone up.

Qin Mo was picked out of the first batch because of his tall stature, and was responsible for pruning and cleaning the gardens in the mansion.

When new servants and long-term workers enter the mansion, the management foreman will generally lead these newcomers around the mansion, and while walking, he will inform the work content and some taboos in the mansion.

walked all the way,

Even though he had already made some preparations, at this moment, Qin Mo was no different from the other long-term workers around him, and there was still a hint of shock in his eyes.

The entire Jingjiang Xu Mansion mansion is like a royal palace.

There are pavilions, small bridges and flowing water, one courtyard after another, and finally there is a huge lake built in it.

"Boy, can you not be like a bumpkin?"

The voice coming from the bottom of his heart made Qin Mo's thinking froze for two seconds. There was no trace on the surface, but he asked in his heart:

"It's just a little surprised. But old man, won't you be found out talking to me in this mansion?"

The middle-aged male voice is not in a hurry:

"I can cover your breath for you, and I can naturally talk to you."

"Then can you help me find Jinxuan?"

"Boy, there is at least one grand master in this mansion. If I use my soul to look for it, I might be found."

Qin Mo was slightly disappointed when he heard the words, and said in his heart:

"Then I'll take my time, there will always be a chance."

"Hehe..." The middle-aged male voice chuckled: "Are you excited to see your little lover?"

"We are just friends." Qin Mo's voice was a little helpless.

"Hehe, that's fine, I'm just a good friend. I think the saints of the sect when I was young, the old man..."


Listening to the slightly annoying thoughts in his ears, Qin Mo secretly remembered the paths he had traveled one by one.

After wandering around for half an hour, a group of servants and long-term workers returned to the corner of the lake under the leadership of the foreman, and began to assign some simple tasks.

Qin Mo mingled in the crowd and listened silently, feeling a little excited in his heart.

He was assigned to the circle of the lake.

This position is undoubtedly the most likely to meet Jinxuan.

Then it's time to wait quietly...

Before his thoughts fell, Qin Mo's eyes suddenly froze.

In the huge lake, a long bridge spreads from the lake to the center of the lake, and there is an elegant loft in the middle of the lake.

At this moment, a young man with elegant long hair came out of the attic in the middle of the lake and walked along the trestle bridge towards the shore.

"..." Qin Mo narrowed his eyes.

"Boy, it should be Xu Changtian, right?"

The broken thoughts that disappeared without knowing when resounded again.

Qin Mo withdrew his gaze, without any emotion on his face, and said in his heart:

"I know."

The middle-aged male voice carried a hint of ridicule:

"Hehe, it's not bad that this kid is skinny, much prettier than you."

Qin Mo was not annoyed, but just smiled in his heart and replied:

"Old man, come along the way, have you and I seen such empty-skinned waste?"

"Hehe, that's true."

The deep, middle-aged male voice laughed: "Are you planning to go to the center of the lake tonight? I think the attic in the center of the lake is very suitable for the golden house."

Qin Mo was a little moved when he heard the words, but he held back:

"No, old man, you also said that there is a grand master in this mansion, so it's better not to act rashly. After the foreman finishes allocating the rooms, first find a few old people to get some information, Jinxuan will not be famous among these servants , don’t rush this moment.”

And during the conversation between the two,

The gentleman in brocade robe had already come along the road,

Random glances,

Coincidentally with Qin Mo...


		