

"The burial village is the father's natural knowledge."

Xu Yinhe, who had been smiling and silent all this time, finally spoke softly at this moment: "It's just this place, Chang Tian, ​​where did you know about it?"

Xu Changge, who had been telling Qin Weijiu's information just now, frowned and remained silent.

Xu Yuan had no psychological burden at all, and casually replied:

"That Hu Meizi said."

As he spoke, the huge round crystal in front of him fell silent for a short while.

In the study of the Prime Minister's Mansion in the imperial capital, Xu Yinhe and Xu Changge looked at each other lightly.

What the Phantom Soul said was the same as what Qin Weijiu said.

But not many people in this world know about the burial village.

The degree of danger of the other party seems to need to be considered in the long run.

But this thought didn't last too long, Xu Yinhe's tone was very gentle and calm, without a trace of strangeness:

"Then how did she tell you?"

Xu Yuan coughed lightly, but his voice was upright:

"I know she has a lover."

"Is that the kid named Qin Mo?" Xu Yinhe directly reported the name of the main character in the plot.

Xu Yuan was taken aback by these words, but he turned around immediately.

Most likely it was Yinger and the others who reported what he had done these days.

After a moment of silence, Xu Yuan did not answer the powerful prime minister, but asked straightforwardly:

"Father, are you monitoring me?"

"Ah..."

Hearing the dissatisfaction in Sanzi's words, Spherical Crystal let out a chuckle, with a hint of a smile in his voice:

"They reported this to me voluntarily, and they can't rely on me."

silence

Xu Yuan knew it in his heart, and said with a little resentment:

"If you don't give orders, how can they report to you?"

This father's words directly assigned Ying'er, Si Ziyu, and Zhou Chen to him.

If you have the ability to tame them, then they will be your retainers in Xu Changtian's team, and if they are your retainers, they will naturally not report to him, the prime minister.

But if there is no ability to subdue it, then everything will remain as usual.

What the hell, he and his family are doing this set of riddles.

Xu Changge spoke at this moment:

"I was the one who gave them the order, Changtian, you seem to have a big opinion?"


Xu Yuan fell silent.

Dad won't beat him, but Xu Changge will.

Not to mention that the other party came back to Jingjiang Mansion recently.

The old man had already promised him the resources for cultivation, so there was no need to be beaten by Xu Changge again.

After a few seconds of silence, Xu Yuan spat a little irritably:

"Okay, I said it's okay.

"A person named Fan Wencheng told me about this Su Jinxuan before, saying that she looks like a fairy, but there seems to be a colleague named Qin Mo in Jiulongjiang. After I returned to Jingjiang Mansion, I arranged for someone to look for her. They, in the end, Su Jinxuan came to the door by herself."

Xu Yuan directly threw the pot on the head of a dead man.

Dead men culled from memory.

According to the timeline of the plot, the protagonist of the plot happened to be traveling in the Jiulong River with Su Jinxuan at that time.

And Fan Wencheng is a powerful local snake in Jiulongjiang, one of the original dog legs, but was slaughtered by Xu Changge in a rage more than two months ago.

Sometimes the dead are more useful than the living. After all, the dead are the best candidates for blame.


When Xu Changge heard this, he raised his hand and rubbed his eyebrows.

Well, it's jealousy again.

But in an instant, a meaningful flash of light flashed across his eyes.

Fan Wencheng was able to mention the existence of the Phantom Demon Body a few months ago. If the apprentice of the national teacher hadn't captured the third brother, he might have taken action in advance.

It's a pity that I killed it too early, otherwise I might be able to ask something.

Xu Yinhe nodded slightly, and tapped the tea tray lightly with his fingers:

"So, is it that Qin Mo is related to the funeral village?"

"Well, before that Su Jinxuan wanted to control me, after being caught, I used some tricks to get her to tell me something about Qin Mo."

Xu Yuan said truthfully:

"She said that Qin Weijiu judged that Qin Mo might be related to a place called Burial Village, and asked her to pay attention to him."

After Xu Yuan finished speaking, the spherical crystal suspended in mid-air in the underground space temporarily fell silent.

In the study of Xiangguo Mansion.

Xu Yinhe's fingers tapping the tea tray paused slightly, temporarily disconnected the communication with Jingjiang, and turned to look at the eldest son on the opposite side:

"Changge, what do you think of this matter?"

Xu Changge smiled helplessly:

"The third brother's bad habit of being jealous has finally been used in the right place."

A slightly gratifying joke.

As soon as this remark came out, a smile flashed across Xu Yinhe's deep eyes, but it was restrained in an instant.

Xu Changge restrained his expression when he saw it, and said in a solemn tone:

"Father, according to the information from Ying'er, Qin Mo's low cultivation is not something to be afraid of for the time being, but Qin Weijiu may be a little complicated.

"There are not many people in the world who know about the funeral village, not to mention that Qin Mo's origin can be judged only by observation. Qin Weijiu probably knows a lot about the funeral village.

"It's just that I don't know if the other party knows the exact location of the burial village, and I don't know if he knows that the burial village has been destroyed."

"However, judging from the fact that he is willing to use the century-old succubi as bait to control Changtian, the thing he is planning should not be small."

As he said that, Xu Changge's eyes flashed a gloomy killing intent:

"It's a pity that I couldn't kill him with a single sword at the Tianyuan Conference. If I want to move him now, I'm afraid Guangying'er and the three of them are not enough, so I have to send more people."


Xu Yinhe didn't reply immediately, and fell silent for a few breaths with his eyes downcast.

And Xu Changge also quietly waited for his father's reply.

finally,

Xu Yinhe raised his eyes slowly, and his voice sounded softly in the silent study:

"It's not enough.

"Changge, go to Jingjiang Mansion yourself."


Hearing this, Xu Changge frowned immediately.

He just said that he was going to Jiuyuan City to scare the third younger brother, how could he leave so easily now that the situation in the capital is undercurrent?

Now his father actually let him go to Jingjiang Mansion?

After a moment of silence, Xu Changge asked:

"Father, but here in Dijing..."

Xu Yinhe shook his head lightly:

"No problem,

"You killed the seven life python earlier, and Gu Yuan's side is much more peaceful.

"The key now is the war in the north.

"Although Wu Yuan has already gone north, the previous battle was too rotten. It will take some time before the war with the barbarians ends. This time should be enough for you to go back and forth to the imperial capital."

Xu Yinhe looked at his eldest son, his deep eyes were like a deep pool that could not be seen at a glance, and his tone was slightly aggravated:

"It's best to deal with Changtian's affairs first."


Xu Changge was silent when he heard the words.

Of course he can understand what his father said.

Now a lot of things are already on the line and have to be released. All unstable factors can be eliminated and must be eliminated in advance.

This Qin Weijiu hid too deeply.

Familiar with the funeral village, willing to give up the ghost body, and want to control Changtian.

If Chang Tian hadn't acquired the Innate Dao Body, he might have been controlled by the Charming Soul Body at this time.

If it wasn't for a coincidence that Chang Tian broke through, if such a person was hiding in the dark, it would really send chills down the spine.


		