

Xu Yuan felt quite stupid, really.

He was actually counting on an idiot who could freeze hostages to death to be able to identify directions in the wild.

After two seconds of silence, Xu Yuan raised his hand and patted Ran Qingmo's shoulder lightly as a sign of comfort. He put away the map and stood up, saying in a low voice:

"You take me to the highest point around to see, maybe I can probably tell the location."

Ran Qingmo's eyes moved, with suspicion in his eyes.

Xu Yuan knew what the other party was suspicious of, and said softly:

"I've been doing nothing all these years, but I've learned a few things."

"Oh."

Xu Yuan walked to the entrance of the cave, looked at the foggy and rainy forest scenery outside, glanced back at the woman in black who was packing her luggage, and said in a low voice:

"It's still raining outside."

Ran Qingmo glanced at him, then at the water pouch pinned to his waist.

Xu Yuan sighed slightly, looking at the other party's wet black clothes:

"I know that with this Yanling Liquid, you don't have to worry about diseases like wind and cold for the time being, but don't you think it's uncomfortable to wear wet clothes?"

Ran Qingmo blinked, felt it carefully, and nodded in agreement.

Xu Yuan thought for a while, and glanced sideways at the ice pick that was still piercing through the body of the Yanling Python in the rain.


a minute later,

A man and a woman stood in the air at a height of tens of meters.

The man wore a brocade silk robe and held a sheepskin roll in his hand. The woman covered her face with a tulle and had a slim figure, holding an umbrella made of ice crystals in her hand and standing beside the man.

The rain is about to stop, the wind has not stopped, and the pouring rain in the mountains has become soft and continuous.

Standing on the transparent platform that Ran Qingmo condensed with "Qi", under his feet is the azure forest sea formed by tens of meters of giant trees.

The Wanxing Mountains straddled the southwest border of the Dayan Dynasty, stretching for tens of thousands of miles.

The white mist greatly affected Xu Yuan's vision, but after arriving at this high ground, Xu Yuan found that he didn't need to discern the direction at all.

Looking from a distance, at the end of the forest sea, a huge black shadow of a mountain covered the sky and the sun.

Even though the distance is unknown, its majesty can be vaguely seen between the misty rain curtains, like a giant beast straddling the sky, and the roof of the world in the previous life is like a baby in front of it.

When the paper map of the game is turned into reality, the shock in front of me is beyond words.

Xu Yuan narrowed his eyes and stared at the huge black figure:

"Where is... Tianmen Mountain?"

Ran Qingmo was holding an umbrella, and the sleeves of his robe fluttered gently in the wind:

"Um."

"Can you go up there?"

"The cave you said is on there?"

"right."

A hidden map in the "Cang Yuan" royal blood world line in the cave on Tianmen Mountain.

The triggering conditions are also very old-fashioned.

Being hunted down, fleeing into the Wanxing Mountains, climbing up Tianmen Mountain, and being forced to jump off a cliff, with more than 80 fortunes, you can enter the hidden cave after jumping off the cliff.

Fortune less than 80? Then wait for the free fall.

Thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan shook his head lightly.

In the game formula book, he remembered that the three sons in his original body had only 3 blessings, and it was impossible to jump into that cliff a hundred times. It was reincarnation and used up all the luck in this life.

But now Xu Yuan has the great master Ran Qingmo by his side. When he reaches Xuantian Cliff, just fly him down and search slowly.

Ran Qingmo stared at the huge Tianmen Mountain in silence for two seconds, and said:

"it is good."

the voice fell,

She directly removed the platform that was condensed by Qi under the two of them.

"..." Xu Yuan.


The feeling of free fall is not pleasant, but fortunately, this idiot woman Ran Qingmo still knows that if she falls from such a height, he, an ordinary person, will directly fall into a meat loaf.

Before landing, a clever force quietly wrapped Xu Yuan's body, and the two successfully fell into the woods in the posture of a princess hugging.

look at each other,

Ran Qingmo held the umbrella with one hand, gently put Xu Yuan from his arms on the ground, and said calmly:

"Let's go."

Xu Yuan stood firm, patted his robe to cover up his embarrassment, but frowned after hearing the words:

"Walk?"

"Yes." Ran Qingmo nodded.

Xu Yuan roughly estimated the distance between Tianmen Mountain and their location in his mind, and repeated:

"You mean we go over there?"

Ran Qingmo tilted her head: "Otherwise?"

"Don't you know how to fly?" Xu Yuan said strangely, "It will take us at least ten days to walk."

Ran Qingmo was silent for two seconds, stared at Xu Yuan, and said seriously: "I can't fly."

"But just now..." Xu Yuan pointed to the sky.

Ran Qingmo looked at the sky along his fingers and explained:

"That's the "Frozen Cloud Step" in my practice."

"Frozen Cloud Stage?" Xu Yuan asked subconsciously, knowing nothing about the exercises in this world.

Ran Qingmo didn't answer him at all, just looked at him.

Xu Yuan realized that this kind of question about exercises should be regarded as private, so he asked:

"You don't know how to fly Yujian?"

Ran Qingmo thought for two seconds, then said softly:

"In my cultivation method, there is no Yujian flying, only the Frozen Cloud Step. Yujian flying is in the Xuantian Sword Art."

Hearing the name of the Xuantian Sword Art, Xu Yuan's mind quickly flashed the introduction to this exercise in the game formula book.

But he didn't recall the article about Yujian flying in the introduction, presumably it should be the world's automatic completion of relevant information.

But after Ran Qingmo's words, Xu Yuan probably understood what the other party meant.

There are means of flying in the air in this world, but because of the difference in skills, the means of flying will also be different.

After a pause, Xu Yuan asked;

"Then why don't you just use your Frozen Cloud Step to take me there?"

Ran Qingmo didn't answer immediately, but looked Xu Yuan up and down, then shook his head and said:

"You are too weak to die."

"But I was fine just now?" Xu Yuan frowned. Just now Ran Qingmo took her up into the air to identify her position, and he didn't feel any discomfort at all.

"The speed just now was very slow."

"..." Xu Yuan stopped talking.

He found himself taking it for granted, and he took it for granted that a very important issue was ignored by him.

Ran Qingmo doesn't have the biological standpoint of a superman in previous movies, and the acceleration the human body can withstand is limited.

Ran Qingmo's way of Yukong is obviously to use qi to condense a platform for stepping on, and jump continuously in the air.

For him, a son whose body has been hollowed out by alcohol, he may be sent back to the west without protection or with an acceleration of 4~5G.

And at Ran Qingmo's previously invisible speed, at least 30g acceleration started.

Thinking of this, Xu Yuan took a deep look at the black-veiled woman in front of him.

While it may seem a bit dorky at times, it's solid in some respects.

If she hadn't thought of this, he might have died suddenly as soon as he accelerated.

In an instant, Xu Yuan thought of asking Ran Qingmo to control the speed.

However, this thought was quickly dismissed by him.

Ran Qingmo could control the speed, but that would make the two of them stay in the air longer.

There are many monsters and beasts in this Wanxing mountain range, and the Yanling python that was just caught randomly was all monsters under the mysterious force. The longer the time in the air, it is inevitable that it will not be discovered by the monsters hiding in the dark.

And creatures like monsters don't just exist on the ground.

The vision of some aerial birds and monsters is much stronger than that of humans.

Walking on foot, covered by bushes, and with Ran Qingmo, a master of perception around, can't be 100% undetected, but at least it can guarantee that no one will be left alive.

thinking,

Xu Yuan sighed softly, and looked around the endless sea of ​​dazed forests.

Let’s just walk on foot, it’s all considered as the first trip to another world.


		