

the voice fell,

Ran Qingmo looked at the handsome and serious face of the man in front of her, and couldn't tell what she was thinking at the moment from her eyes.

Xu Yuan did not urge, and quietly waited for the other party's reply.

No one wanted to die, and he was no exception.

In the original body, although the power of the third son's family was overwhelming, he couldn't quench his thirst far away.

In the current situation of isolation and helplessness, the only person Xu Yuan can rely on is Ran Qingmo who tied him up in front of him.

Everyone else wanted to kill him, but she was just kidnapping.

After the death of the Yanling Python, blood gushed out. The blood was as hot as magma, and it set off bursts of mist in the cold winter rain, blocking all the bleakness outside the cave.

in silence,

"Okay, tell me."

Ran Qingmo's plain voice slowly sounded in the quiet cave.

Xu Yuan breathed a sigh of relief.

He was really afraid that at this moment, the other party would give him another stick.

Thinking about his words, Xu Yuan looked at her and said softly:

"Mr. Ran, what I want to say is very simple. For my life and yours, we'd better cooperate."

Ran Qingmo looked at him quietly, waiting for his next words.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan then said in a soft voice:

"I know it might be a bit presumptuous to say this in my current prisoner status, but you saw it just now, Mr. Ran. If you hadn't acted, I would be dead now."

After a pause, the corner of Xu Yuan's lips raised a self-deprecating smile:

"I know that because of my father, many people in this world want me to die, but I think a monster living in the Wanxing Mountains should not be affected by him."

With that said, Xu Yuan looked into Ran Qingmo's eyes:

"But this python wants to kill me. The Yanling python, which is extremely afraid of death by nature, is still trying to kill me even though it has been pierced by you for seven inches."

"Mr. Ran, don't you think this is strange?"

The continuous sound of rain came gently, and the cave was completely silent.

Ran Qingmo's quiet eyes flickered slightly, and she nodded slightly.

Xu Yuan took a deep breath:

"Someone wanted me to die on the way to being captured by you."

"If I die here, my father will acquiesce that you killed me."

paused,

Xu Yuan paused word by word:

"You will die too."

The woman in front of me who is always dressed in black and has a calm personality is really strong.

But she is not the only one who is strong in this world, arresting Xu Changtian and causing his death was the beginning of her death.

In "Cangyuan", Xu Yuan actually quite likes the character of Ran Qingmo.

She is considered half a heroine, and the reason why she is half is because she will die before she has a mutual relationship with the player every time, and she will die in a hurry without even taking off her veil.

Among the twenty-five endings of "Cang Yuan", Ran Qingmo only had one official easter egg, which was to flee overseas, but the prerequisite for reaching this easter egg was that the player had to actively open it.

Brush the attributes to the upper limit and forcibly defeat a BOSS that was 100% impossible for the player to defeat at the time, in order to save her.

Xu Yuan once thought this easter egg was very interesting.

The fate of the character will change due to the choices made by the player, but the effect of this change is limited, unless you cheat.

But now I suddenly feel that the other party and his original body are also crouching dragons and phoenixes in a certain sense, with twenty-five world lines dying twenty-five times.

Ran Qingmo didn't speak, and there was no emotion in her eyes.

He didn't waver in the slightest to Xu Yuan's death threat.

Xu Yuan realized that this kind of statement seemed to be unworkable for a woman like Ran Qingmo, took a deep breath, and said instead:

"Mr. Ran, you arrested me for the 40,000 disciples of Jianzong, right?"

Ran Qingmo's eyes moved, and the warm air in the cave seemed to drop a little.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan understood, and continued to whisper:

"You don't have to look at me that way, I won't ask your source of information, and you don't want to find out how this piece of trash like me got the news. Now we are on the same boat, and it doesn't make any sense to go deeper."

Ran Qingmo's eyes were relieved for a moment.

Xu Yuan glanced at the corpse of the giant python outside, and said slowly:

"Although I still don't agree with your judgment that you can blackmail my father if you catch me, but I think even if you want to blackmail him, at least you can't use a corpse to do it?"


Ran Qingmo was silent for two seconds, and her crisp voice came from under the black veil covering her face:

"But, you don't have qi."

Xu Yuan was taken aback when he heard the words, thought for a moment, and finally understood what the other party meant.

In this extraordinary world, without qi, one is equal to an ordinary person.

In the eyes of practitioners at Ran Qingmo's level, ordinary people are almost indistinguishable from ants.

If a third-party force really dared to attack Xu Yuan in front of her, then the strength would naturally not be weak.

When she fights with the opponent, the aftermath alone is enough for Xu Yuan to die a hundred times.

Now she has to protect Xu Yuan herself, so it doesn't matter whether she cooperates or not.

Xu Yuan himself had no intention of intervening in the battle, so he smiled and asked directly in a low voice:

"Do you have a map of the Wanxing Mountains?"

Ran Qingmo blinked, then turned around and searched in the luggage belt in the innermost part of the cave, walked over with a roll of parchment, and handed it to Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan sat cross-legged, opened the parchment beside the bonfire, and scanned the map above with the flickering light of the fire.

The moment Xu Yuan saw the map, Xu Yuan breathed a sigh of relief.

Although there are some differences in details, this map is roughly the same as the map of the Wanxing Mountains in the game "Cangyuan".

paused,

Xu Yuan waved to Ran Qingmo, motioning for her to sit down too:

"As long as you can confirm where we are, I can provide a hiding place."

Ran Qingmo slowly lifted up the hem of the black dress and sat beside Xu Yuan, but looked at Xu Yuan with some vigilance.

Xu Yuan also found something wrong in his words.

Although she was a bit dull in doing things, Ran Qingmo shouldn't be stupid.

Looking down at the map, Xu Yuan said casually after a little deliberation:

"I know that my father's people must be looking for me in the Wanxing Mountain Range, but in fact, you don't have to worry too much.

"I can't contact them, and in front of a practitioner like you, everything I do is transparent, and you don't have to worry about me marking it.

"On the contrary, if you continue to lead me around in the Wanxing Mountains, it is very likely that I will be discovered."

talking,

Xu Yuan met her quiet eyes sideways, and his voice was still hoarse:

"You can hide your breath, but I can't."

Like many otherworldly worlds, practitioners here can find people by means of energy.

Ran Qingmo pondered for a long time, and finally nodded slightly, and said seriously:

"I'll watch you."

Xu Yuan smiled slightly,

"up to you."

finished speaking,

Xu Yuan set his eyes on the spread map again, and said softly:

"When I was young, my father brought me and my two brothers to this Wanxing Mountain Range. He had a cave here, which contained a lot of cultivation resources, enough for the two of us to live in it for a long time."

This was made up by Xu Yuan, his cheap father didn't know about this treasure land, but it didn't affect him from pinning the pot on the other party.

Anyway, it was impossible for Ran Qingmo to confront the other party face to face.

Ran Qingmo frowned slightly when she heard the words, and said in a cold voice, "Your father also knows?"

Xu Yuan had already prepared a draft for this, and replied indifferently:

"Now my father has to sit in the imperial capital, so it's impossible for him to come to me in person. It's impossible for his subordinates to know where it is. And even if they know the cave, Mr. Ran, what do you think is the probability that they will go there to find me?"

"..." Ran Qingmo was silent.

Xu Yuan lightly tapped on the sheepskin scroll:

"Okay, you can point out where we are, and hurry up as soon as possible."

Ran Qingmo nodded lightly when she heard the words, her beautiful eyes lowered slightly.

But after staring at the map for a while, she hesitated and stretched out a slender finger to tap lightly.

Seeing Xu Yuan, his long and narrow eyes narrowed slightly.

It's pretty close.

I can't be happy in the future,

next moment,

He saw that long and delicate finger move again, and nodded on the other side.

Then there are three places, and the fourth place...


Xu Yuan raised his head in silence, hesitant to speak.

Flame flickering, looking at each other silently,

Ran Qingmo looked away and whispered:

"I...I don't know."


		