

With the immersion of mind and spirit, the state of Xu Yuan's own mind and soul resurfaced in his mind and spirit again.

Those floating particles have covered every corner of the surface of the soul, densely packed, layer upon layer, surging like the waves of autumn harvest.

The mind-soul secret method that is matched with the blood-yuan heart-death art is also very simple to deal with the enemy.

Although a lot has been said, in the final analysis, there are actually two points.

Chop and swallow.

Transform the condensed mind and soul into a blade, cut off the enemy's detected mind and soul, and then devour and refine it with a special secret method.

The former is very difficult, unless it is a natural gift with full understanding, otherwise it is impossible to learn it immediately.

However, the current situation does not require Xu Yuan to use the former. These floating particles may be for concealment, and they have crushed themselves and sent them to Xu Yuan's mouth.

All he needs to do now is practice his hands with these floating particles.

Xu Yuan carefully controlled the soul and tried to operate the secret method.

The innate soul body is sensitive and precise in the control of the mind soul. Once a few floating particles are in motion, they quietly disappear among the "wheat waves", and they are carefully wrapped by Xu Yuan and begin to refine and absorb along the route of the secret method.

While absorbing it, Xu Yuan observed the dynamics of the floating particles on the surface of the soul.

The order of magnitude of a few pieces didn't seem to attract the attention of the woman beside her, and the rhythm of the wheat wave on the surface of the soul remained the same.

After the absorption was completed, these few floating granules turned into an untraceable strand of pure soul and added to Xu Yuan's sea of ​​consciousness, adding a little bit of strength to the "defense line" on the surface of the soul.

After going back and forth like this several times, Xu Yuan is no longer as unfamiliar with this secret technique as he was at the beginning.

Slightly estimated the speed at which these floating particles grind the surface of his mind and soul,

If he opened his belly to devour these floating particles, Su Jinxuan would have nothing to do with his compact innate soul body, but Xu Yuan did not choose to startle the snake.

Because his upper limit for Su Jinxuan is still unknown.

The current Su Jinxuan really has nothing to do, but Xu Yuan is not sure whether Su Jinxuan has the means to die together.

The number of floating particles attached to the surface of his mind and soul by these ants is innumerable. If Su Jinxuan has the means to control these things from exploding......

Concentrate your mind, the lessons learned from your arrogance are still in front of you, so you should be cautious and subtle.

In stealing people again and again, Xu Yuan kept testing Su Jinxuan's perception ability.

A few, a dozen, dozens, hundreds, until Xu Yuan absorbed more than a thousand floating particles at a time, the floating particles attached to the surface of his mind and soul by those ants changed.

After Xu Yuan roughly guessed the upper limit, he stopped being greedy.

Every time I care about the surface of the soul, I choose 700 to 800 lucky ones on average for devouring and absorbing.

And time is gradually passing by in this cycle...

It seemed that Su Jinxuan really couldn't stay too far away from him, Xu Yuan. For several days in a row, she used floating particles to control his body and stay in his room.

Whether it was going to the toilet or washing her body, Su Jinxuan never left within ten meters of him.

As time passed, the number of floating particles that Xu Yuan devoured continued to accumulate, and Su Jinxuan's face gradually turned from charming and rosy to pale.

Another day at dawn,

When Xu Yuan was about to pick a few hundred lucky ones for breakfast again, Su Jinxuan's charming voice came softly from his side:

"Sir, what did you do to Jinxuan last night?


		