

Zhou Chen smiled, his tone was light,

As if he just asked again:

Third son, what shall we have for dinner tonight?

It seems that killing a person is so easy for him.

Xu Yuan stared down at Xue Yong on the ground, and frowned slightly.

Traveling through time, the things Ran Qingmo has seen along the way have raised his ability to accept to a very high point, but the picture in front of him still makes him feel a little uncomfortable.

This was the first time he saw someone collapsed in front of him so miserable.

In the last second, his eyes were contemptuous and his face was calm and calm.

The next moment, the whole person's face was deformed by the pain, and his eyes shrank with fear.

Because of fear, Xue Yong tried his best to suppress his screams so that he would not disturb the two people around him, but his pale face distorted by the pain, and his arm that was broken into seven or eight knots by special force are still clearly visible .

Xu Yuan restrained his mind, looked at Zhou Chen opposite, and chuckled lightly:

"Mr. Zhou is willing to help me?"

The meaning of Zhou Chen shaking his head just now is obvious. His cultivation at the beginning of the ninth rank is obviously unable to defeat Xue Yong, who is at the peak of the iron body of the sixth rank.

If he continues to fight, he will bring shame on himself.

But Zhou Chen helped him.

Xu Yuan was surprised by this.

Like that shadow hiding in the dark and peeping, Zhou Chen can choose to sit on the sidelines and watch this matter.

He's deflated here, it won't affect him in any way.

Zhou Chen took a sip of the wine gourd and said with a smile:

"Hey, the third son invited me to play in this Zuixian building for so long, and there is always something to do."

"Oh, is it?"

Xu Yuan smiled noncommittally.

This is indeed a reason.

Zuixian Tower is the most luxurious place for fireworks in Jingjiang City. Once the top floor is covered for one day's consumption, it will cost a hundred taels of silver.

Drinks and girls are not counted, Xu Yuan stayed here for 20 days, and the money he spilled was at least three thousand taels.

This world is just a bit crooked in terms of technology, productivity is not worse than Xu Yuan's previous life, and even worse in some aspects, but an ordinary family of three may not earn more than ten taels a year.

The basic monthly salary of a master like Zhou Chen is estimated to be only a few thousand taels.

"Third Young Master, is this person abolished or killed?" Zhou Chen asked again with a chuckle.

When Xu Yuan saw this, he stopped looking into it and glanced at Xue Yong who was on the ground like a dead dog.

In the previous life, some old employees in the old man's company would see him as a young man and like to treat him with indifference, but for this, Xu Yuan just wore a small shoe to buckle his salary.

Xu Yuan's thinking in his previous life made him feel that Xue Yong's punishment was enough.

But when the words came to his lips, Xu Yuan swallowed the words silently after seeing the other party's eyes, chuckled, turned and walked out of the wing.

Made, this Zhou Chen is also testing him.

It seems that he was kidnapped by Ran Qingmo and came back, so there are still too many doubts about getting this body.

With the original body's sensitive and tyrannical temperament, it is impossible for Xue Yong to survive in this situation.

One thing may not affect anything, but it adds up.

Xu Yuan pushed open the door, paused, and glanced back:

"Mr. Zhou, I don't want to see this person again."

After that, he stepped out of the wing directly.

"Hey~"

Zhou Chen looked at Xu Yuan's back and grinned more happily than before.

Contrary to his smile, the horror in Xue Yong's eyes has overflowed.

He doesn't want to die.

He can't die here because of that trash third son!

He is a genius, a genius who is already at the peak of the sixth-rank iron body at the age of twenty-two.

As long as this protection is completed and the cultivation resources issued by the Xiangguo Mansion are obtained, he will definitely be able to break through the fifth rank.

Fourth Miss values ​​him so much, and he is so young, if his cultivation level goes a step further, there is even a slight chance of winning Miss Fourth's favor...

As Xu Yuan's voice fell, Xue Yong on the ground immediately endured the pain in his arm, and said quickly in a trembling voice:

"No...no! Zhou Gong, you can't kill me, I... Even if I disrespect the third son this time, according to the rules, giving up one hand is already the greatest punishment. Zhou Gong... Zhou Gong! I know I was wrong Now, if you kill me, you will be punished according to Xiangguo's rules."


Listening to Xue Yong's last effort, Zhou Chen suppressed his smile and nodded in agreement:

"Well, you're right."

There are no rules and no rules.

As a huge interest group, the Xiangguo Mansion naturally cannot have no rules. If any strong man can kill the people below as he pleases, this interest group would have fallen apart long ago.

Xue Yong was a genius, and he killed a genius with a peak sixth-grade iron body for no reason. Although he, Zhou Chen, could not escape his life and go to jail, it is estimated that one year's cultivation resources and annual salary would be deducted and he would not be able to escape.

Seeing this, Xue Yong heaved a sigh of relief, and managed to force a smile.

But the next moment,

Zhou Chen suddenly grinned at him, and said with a smile:

"But it is the third son who wants to kill you, what does it have to do with me?"

Xue Yong's smile faltered.

Zhou Chen looked at Xue Yong's ugly posture, and slowly squatted in front of him, shaking his head lightly:

"Xue Yong, how much do you look down on the third son? I remember that the fourth lady said that you are very smart. Now you can't see such a simple truth?"


Xue Yong was stunned.

That's right, it is the third son who wants to kill him now, not Zhou Chen.

Is there a price for the third son to kill him?

Yes, and it's big.

According to the rules, the third son's ten-year monthly money will be fined and confiscated, and he will be whipped and locked up.

Can I close the confinement?

Who dares to close?

Locked in, this second generation ancestor is a god who dares to compare his head or a wall with a mortal body.

monthly money?

How could it be possible to spend a hundred and two months in this Zuixianlou every day?

Xue Yong turned his head towards the door fiercely, but saw that it was the closed wooden door of the wing room.

completion.

The sound blocking effect of Zuixianlou is very good.

Subconsciously run the exercises, infusing them like a voice to ask the third son for mercy:

"three....."

"Snapped!"

Zhou Chen seemed bored, so he slapped Xue Yong on the forehead.

Seeing Xue Yong limp all over, Zhou Chen got up and called the rest of the nursing homes, casually explained what happened here, and then left under the surprised and fearful eyes of the rest of the nursing homes.

After leaving the wing room, Zhou Chen went straight to the fence constructed by the deep well of Zuixian Tower.

Xu Yuan was standing here looking down.

Zhou Chen stood side by side with him, leaning his arms on the guardrail, and said casually:

"Third Young Master, it's settled, but Miss Fourth may have some troubles, after all, she seems to value Xue Yong very much."

Xu Yuan glanced sideways at Zhou Chen, and his voice was a little funny:

"Important? So what? If it wasn't for my mother's insistence on taking that bitch as a foster daughter, she would probably be in a joke now. She's just a bastard."


		