

In the dark long stairway,

Xu Yuan didn't speak, and didn't urge, but just gently put his hand in front of her.

Su Jinxuan's somewhat rapid breathing was the only sound from this side, biting her red lips tightly, her small canine teeth biting the skin at the corners of her lips, and she didn't even notice that blood oozes out.

Xu Yuan looked at her quietly.

Watching her tangled up,

Seeing her sullen,

Seeing her unwilling,

as well as,

Watch her shake.

Because of the personal experience, Xu Yuan knew what Su Jinxuan needed at this moment.

I was silent for a long time.

Su Jinxuan took a deep breath, and slightly loosened the arms that hugged her legs.

it does not matter...

Is this submission, just to confuse the bastard....

Let him let his guard down on her...

Yes, just let him relax his guard against her, not give in...

As long as she is not dead, as long as she lets him stay by his side, then she still has a chance...

Thinking of this in her heart, Su Jinxuan slowly stretched out her slightly trembling hand, trying to grab the only person in front of her that she could touch.

But before she touched it, the person in front of her took her hand back.

"Since Miss Su is unwilling, then forget it."

"..." Su Jinxuan.

Xu Yuan raised his hand slightly, and the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art quietly worked, and a ball of flame rose from the palm of his hand.

The faint and coquettish blood flame illuminated the dark and narrow corridor, the sudden light made Su Jinxuan's eyes uncomfortable, but fortunately it was weak, so she could still see the smile in the man's long and narrow eyes.

"...." Su Jinxuan immediately clenched her fists.

Xu Yuan glanced at Su Jinxuan who was squatting by the wall, but without speaking, he sneered, turned and left.

Su Jinxuan lowered her beautiful eyes, her breathing was disordered and rapid, and she didn't even notice the skin where her nails were lightly embedded in her palm.

She was being teased by the man in front of her.

The complicated thoughts made her breathless for a while.

But Xu Yuan's pace did not stop following her daze, and he kept walking upwards without haste.

Slowly the light of the fire and the sound of footsteps gradually receded, until the moment when the darkness was about to swallow Su Jinxuan again, she suddenly came back to her senses, glanced at the despairing darkness below, gritted her teeth, got up and walked quickly towards the fire. Chasing in the direction to go......

a moment later,

Hearing the footsteps that had been following not far behind, Xu Yuan suddenly chuckled and said:

"I just saw Miss Su didn't leave, I thought you fell in love with this secret room."


Silence for two seconds.

Su Jinxuan's quiet voice came from more than ten meters below the stairs:

"The rumors are indeed true...Xu Changtian, your personality is really bad."

"So bad? Miss Su, don't talk nonsense. I think my personality is pretty gentle."

Su Jinxuan's words trembled:

"Gentle? Xu Changtian, you study such a weird criminal law, and you have the nerve to say that you have a gentle temperament?"

"What is the conflict between the two?"

Xu Yuan's tone didn't change at all, and his smile remained the same: "Studying criminal law means that I have a bad personality? Also, Miss Su, did you make a mistake?"

"The relationship between us is not that of relatives and friends."

paused,

Xu Yuan's voice carried a hint of ridicule:

"Miss Su, you don't want me to repay my grievances with kindness, and treat you, the enemy who almost killed me, like a friend?"

The long stairway made his voice very long.

Su Jinxuan, who followed far behind, fell silent because of these words.

no more conversation,

The two walked along the long and narrow stairway to the end platform one after the other.

The platform is not big, but there is a stone door.

Su Jinxuan stopped two meters behind Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan turned around slowly, looked at Su Jinxuan who was silent with her head down, threw a long black silk and satin casually, and ordered:

"Take it."


Su Jinxuan took it subconsciously, glanced at the silk in her hand, and raised her eyes again with a trace of vigilance.

But Xu Yuan just looked at her flatly.

finally,

Su Jinxuan looked away, lowered her head and silently began to wrap the silk and satin between her two white wrists...


Xu Yuan looked at the woman's movements with strange eyes.

He couldn't understand what the woman was doing.

"What are you doing?"

Su Jinxuan raised her eyes and asked coldly:

"Didn't you let me tie myself up?"

Her voice was quite cold, but due to her natural beauty, she said these words with a hint of charm.

Xu Yuan looked helpless and shook his head:

"Who wants you to tie yourself up, this silk is to cover your eyes."

Su Jinxuan's eyes became more vigilant upon hearing this.

Xu Yuan just stared at her indifferently and said with a smile:

"You don't have a cultivation base, if you don't want to go blind, you'd better listen to me, it's sunny outside today."


Su Jinxuan pursed her red lips and looked away.

She realized what the other person meant.

He was silent for a few breaths, did not speak, let alone thanked him, but silently wrapped the long black satin around his eyes.

The surroundings fell into darkness again.

The light in front of her eyes disappeared again, and the darkness around her made the previous endless fear spread in her heart little by little.

"Ready?" he asked.

"Yeah." She replied.

"Then I'll open the door."

Xu Yuan's voice fell,

next moment,

The stone door at the entrance of the secret room made a "rumbling" sound.

Sunlight poured into the secret passage along the stone gate, but it was a pity that Su Jinxuan couldn't see it at this time.

In the lonely darkness, waves of drowning-like suffocation rushed towards her. She forcibly controlled her trembling body because of fear, and groped forward according to her memory.

"You don't want to walk out blindfolded, do you?"

A slight smile came from in front of him.

Afterwards, the man directly grabbed her wrist that was slowly groping for the stone wall.

The sense of security brought by the warm palm of the other party made Su Jinxuan subconsciously clenched her palm tightly.

Xu Yuan glanced at the Succubus whose complexion had obviously become a little stiff, and said with a smile:

"Relax, I will tell you in advance if there are steps, don't be so nervous."

After all,

He dragged her out of this dark and silent secret room...


		