

"It's only been ten years?"

He had been obsessed with cultivation before, but when Xu Yuan asked, he found that it was only a little over ten days ago.

It took less than two months from the first rank to the eighth rank to quench the veins.

Even though Xu Yuan had already made some preparations in his heart, he still couldn't help but click his tongue because of the speed of his cultivation.

Get out of the secret room where Lingquan is located, and walk out along the long corridor in the inner courtyard.

Xu Yuan did not choose to continue practicing.

Because the elixirs that Xu Changge left for him were basically used up, without the effect of protecting the veins and nourishing the soul brought by those elixirs, practicing for too long would damage the foundation.

All the way out, Xu Yuan saw many people come to this "Wuxuanyuan" to cultivate and teach.

Most of the people who can enter the inner courtyard to cultivate are in the seventh-rank to sixth-rank, and only a few geniuses are in the eighth rank.

There are men and women.

Cultivation depends on aptitude, not gender.

All men are well muscled.

Although women have vaguely feminine curves, the muscles under the clothes are also real.

Yes, not bodybuilding, but muscle, big muscle bully.

Some of the pretty women among them were even bigger than Zhou Chen beside him.

As his gaze swept across, Xu Yuan's eyelids twitched uncontrollably as they looked at each other inadvertently.

Zhou Chen noticed Xu Yuan's gaze, and chuckled very strangely:

"Young master, these people are all practicing martial arts, just like ordinary people practicing martial arts, so most of them are very strong."

"Warrior?"

Xu Yuan was slightly surprised by the novel term, and asked in a low voice, "What is a warrior?"

After Su Jinxuan's attack, Xu Yuan found that he didn't know enough about the extraordinary power in this world, and he needed to know some relevant information.

Zhou Chen chuckled:

"Of course, the seventh, eighth and ninth grades we are practicing now are named after the three realms of martial arts established by Jiantian Pavilion, body training, vein tempering, and bone training..."

"and many more......"

Xu Yuan interrupted suddenly, he had never heard of this name before, including in Cangyuan, and asked softly: "Is Jiantian Pavilion a sect?"

Zhou Chen explained casually after hearing the words:

"Yes, but it has been destroyed for more than ten thousand years, and most of the cultivation realms are now divided by them."

"Divide the realm of cultivation in the world?" Xu Yuan's pupils shrank slightly.

Zhou Chen took a sip of wine:

"Of course, otherwise, the current state of cultivation couldn't have been created out of thin air, right?

"Qi Dao, Martial Dao, Soul Dao, Formation Dao, many, many are defined by Jiantian Pavilion.

"However, after all, it has been ten thousand years, and the way of cultivation like martial arts is completely outdated today. It is just because of habit, and no one can define it uniformly, so the name of the realm has been used all the time."


Xu Yuan's eyes flickered for a moment, and he subconsciously wanted to ask for more information, but he finally endured it.

For cumbersome things like cultivation routes, it is better to go to Zangshu Pavilion to read ancient books by yourself in the future.

Slightly nodding his head, restraining his mind, Xu Yuan glanced at the warriors:

"Mr. Zhou, let's continue talking about them."

Zhou Chen smiled slightly:

"Naturally, for those who follow the martial arts path, only when they reach the peak of the seventh-rank bone training, will the Xiangguo Mansion bestow cultivation skills for them to practice."

talking,

Zhou Chen shook his head slightly with emotion:

"Young master, don't look at their big size now. After entering the sixth-grade iron body and melting their own muscles, bones and flesh, they will naturally return to normal."

After Xu Yuan listened carefully, he asked a little suspiciously:

"Mr. Zhou, do you mean that they don't have exercises in their bodies now? But if they don't have exercises, how can they draw the source of energy into their bodies?"

Zhou Chen glanced at Xu Yuan and was silent for a moment:

"Without exercises, naturally one can only rely on the method of martial arts training to slowly torment the body."

Xu Yuan's mind moved slightly:

"This body training method can also introduce qi into the body?"

Zhou Chen nodded and sighed:

"This kind of body training method is backward, but it is not slow to introduce qi into the body, and it does not need to mind the soul, but it is easy to leave hidden diseases that cannot be cured for life."

"Hidden disease?"

Xu Yuan frowned and murmured, his thoughts flickered, and after he figured out the key point, he sighed slightly.

It's not that they don't want to choose, but they have no choice.

Zhou Chen shook his head, sighed and chuckled:

"My lord, there is no other way for people like us to cultivate except for this. I am very grateful to have the martial arts cultivation method.

"After all, such things as exercises are really far away from ordinary people..."

Xu Yuan was silent for a long time, then suddenly looked at those people practicing martial arts in the courtyard, and asked in a low voice:

"Mr. Zhou, can you tell me?"


Zhou Chen also glanced at those "big guys", picked up the jug on his waist, took a sip silently, his eyes showed a flash of reminiscence, and began to talk to Xu Yuan about some things in the past......


The old training method of martial arts still exists. In the final analysis, there are only five words:

The law should not be passed on lightly.

Almost all the secret books of exercises are monopolized by the sect family, but there are too many people in this world who want to change their lives by practicing.

There are countless people who die on it every day.

Zhou Chen had never been exposed to cultivation, and when he was wandering in the market, he had seen many, many people die without a place to bury them in order to compete for a scrap of merit.

If you want to acquire skills and get in touch with cultivation, ordinary people only have the rewards of joining the army and becoming servants of aristocratic families, except for a few adventures.

Don't ask the sect, the way the sect recruits disciples is even more unreliable.

Every few years, the various sects would indeed open their gates and accept disciples for a few days, but the disciples who were accepted had to be at least of high-level talent, and all of them would be dismissed with medium talent.

The reason is also very simple.

Most of the sects have been in existence for thousands of years, and the original group of disciples has already formed the aristocratic families under the sect, and these aristocratic families will continuously send the children with cultivation qualifications in the family to the sect to practice.

There are only so many people that a sect can support, if you squeeze in a person with no background, you will not be able to crowd out the cultivation resources of the disciples of the sect's aristocratic family.

With the same cultivation qualifications, why should you be an ordinary person with no background?

And in this case,

The Tianan Chamber of Commerce gradually established a martial arts gym named Tianan decades ago.

Back then there were so many martial arts gyms in the world, but after decades, there are not many left.

because,

Tian'an Martial Arts will teach people real kung fu, which is the method of martial arts training.

And because of this,

Even with the blessing of Prime Minister Dayan, the huge Tianan Chamber of Commerce was on the verge of collapse several times.

But with the passage of time, the family and the sect, as well as the sect-affiliated family, finally compromised.

They also set up corresponding martial arts gyms in the market one after another, but unfortunately the scale of the latecomers is far smaller than the Tianan martial arts gym in Xiangguo Mansion.

No matter what the purpose of the upper-level struggle is or what the result is, ordinary people will finally have a path to practice after that.

Even though the training of warriors is very difficult,

Even if this method may damage the foundation,

But for a group of people who have no cultivation path at all, this is the only opportunity.

Zhou Chen was one of them back then.

Relying on the money he had managed to save by cheating and abducting in the marketplace from childhood to adulthood, Zhou Chen became one of the first batch of practitioners to enter the Tian'an Martial Arts Hall.

But in the martial arts hall, it was quite different from his imagination.

Risking his life to save up a hundred taels of silver, what he got in exchange was only a body-hardened boxing book, a fairly tidy single room, and thousands of classmates who lived together outside the city.

There is no one-on-one teaching, no medicinal bath as imagined, and not even a decent qualification test.

It made him feel cheated.

But later, I gradually discovered that it was worth the money.

At least, it's worth it for a genius.

Although the Tian'an Martial Arts Hall had just been established at that time, its internal structure had already been perfected.

Various assessments, various lists, and various competitions.

In short,

Those who can stay, those who can't go.

Of course, it doesn't matter if you don't leave, just continue to pay.

Cultivation resources are distributed according to rankings, and the higher the ranking in each list, the more resources there will be.

Every person in the martial arts gym is to break through the head and strive for the upward path of the ray.

During the period, there were countless eliminated...

Countless dead and wounded...

And Zhou Chen,

It is in this environment that

Step by step, the third-rank great master risked his life and fought his way up.


		