

Ran Qingmo is here.

Half of the tulle covering the face was broken, and with the breeze on the top of the mountain, the beautiful and flawless face underneath could be faintly seen.

At a glance, it seems like ten thousand years.

After recovering, Xu Yuan slowly stood up, frowning slightly.

Except for the innocence in her eyes, which was the same as when she first saw her, her body was in a state of embarrassment that was visible to the naked eye.

The right arm holding the sword hangs weakly, a large piece of the black robe is shattered, and the left arm's clothing is almost completely shattered, exposing the skin that can be broken by blowing bullets, and a few strands of blood overflow from the wound on the arm, as if Several bright red snakes spread to the fingertips, dripping continuously.

He glanced at the huge three- to four-story snake head under Ran Qingmo's feet.

There are seven lotus flowers on the top of the huge snake head, and six of them have bloomed at this moment, which is lifelike.

After thinking for a moment, Xu Yuan's pupils suddenly shrank.

He recognized the giant python in front of him.

Seventh life.

The Seven Lives Cultivator can shed its skin and regenerate seven times, and it can truly transform into a human being for the seventh time. The speed of cultivation is exactly the same as that of the human race.

If she is the natural king among the snake monsters, it is not difficult to explain why the Yanling python desperately wanted to kill him.

but,

Why did she die?

How can she die here?

Xu Yuan stared at Qishengzhi's huge snake eyes that were already filled with lifeless energy, and a sense of absurdity and unruly emotion spread in his heart little by little.

This giant python will be one of the heroines in the future!

After the opponent molts for the seventh time and turns into a human, she will go to the Great Yan Dynasty and become a legal big bear loli. She will meet the protagonist in Jingjiang City under the pseudonym "Ji Qingyue".

As a result, at this point in time, she was so easily slaughtered by Ran Qingmo?

The gears of the once familiar plot have quietly begun to change because of his arrival.

Xu Yuan was stunned,

The hand of the woman in black on the snake's head moved quietly and waved it down casually.

A bloody light flashed across quietly, and Xu Yuan looked back.

A deep bloodstain suddenly appeared on the top of the snake's head with seven lotus flowers, and then a small blood-colored lotus was captured by the volley from the wound.

As soon as this thing came out, a huge smell of blood swept across the entire mountain.

Snake heart lotus.

To be precise, it is a six-turn snake heart lotus, which is invaluable. It is one of the top alchemy materials in "Cangyuan", which can be used to refine Jinlin Dan or Xueling Turning Pill.

Jinlin Pill can be used to break through.

The Blood Spirit Turning Pill is only used for requieming the body, and it is also what Xu Yuan needs most now. It completely integrates the body and mind and soul without leaving any flaws.

But at this moment, Xu Yuan no longer had the heart to think about these things.

In the process of playing "Cangyuan", Xu Yuan liked Ji Qingyue, a quirky little loli, but that was only in love for the paper man's wife.

Compared with the death of a paper man's wife, he is now more concerned about whether the chain reaction brought about by the death of the other party will affect the direction of the entire world line plot.

The Wanxing Mountains, which stretched for tens of thousands of miles, were the southwest border of the Yan Dynasty, and to the west was a Jedi called Guyuan, where dozens of large and small groups of alien monsters united to form a loose demon kingdom.

Ji Qingyue came from there.

Now that the noble princess of the snake tribe has had her head chopped off by Ran Qingmo, Xu Yuan has no idea whether the demon emperor of the demon kingdom will be pressured by the snake demon clan to do something contrary to the original plot.

But soon Xu Yuan realized that he didn't need to think so much.

Because he may not live to that time.

After pulling out Ji Qingyue's Snake Heart Lotus, the figure of the black-clothed woman on the snake's head immediately softened, rolling towards the ground along the curved surface of the huge python's head.

The moment Xu Yuan came back to his senses, he quickly stepped forward to catch the woman's falling body, frowned and called out softly twice:

"Mr. Ran...Mr. Ran?"

The hand holding the woman's shoulder shook slightly, Xu Yuan tried to wake her up, but her clear eyes were still tightly closed.

After a fierce battle with Ji Qingyue, this ordinary woman in black clothes like ink has already reached the point of exhaustion.

Gradually,

Xu Yuan noticed that the weak breathing of the woman in his arms was gradually rapid, the fair skin exposed under the broken veil turned crimson, the chest under the black robe rose and fell rapidly, and the body temperature also increased rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye... ..

Seeing the changes in Ran Qingmo's body, Xu Yuan's thoughts flashed through many things in an instant, but in the end he let out a long breath.

He remembered that Seven Lives Cinnamon didn't seem to have the obscenity that people like to see.

Therefore, Ran Qingmo's state should be due to other reasons.

It may be that Ran Qingmo is expelling Qi to heal his wounds, or it may be a symptom of some kind of toxin attack.

But no matter which one it is, Xu Yuan can only watch it now.

Having learned superficial first aid knowledge in the previous life, it is obviously impossible to cure the superhuman in this life.

It's not a good feeling to wait silently for others to decide your own destiny.

If Ran Qingmo dies, or if Ji Qingyue's subordinates or Yuanchen's father's subordinates come over while Ran Qingmo is recuperating, he will not be able to escape death.

But all he can do now is wait.

Xu Yuan hugged her body and sat under a big tree on the top of the mountain, while he quietly sat beside her to guard her.

Time passed by every minute and every second.

The rising sun did not know when it was high in the sky, but Ran Qingmo's flushed face still did not fade away.

I don't know how long it has passed,

A bleak cold wind blew by, and Ran Qingmo's plain voice came from his side gently:

"Where is the cave you mentioned?"

She was awake, but her voice was unmistakably weak.

Hearing the sound, Xu Yuan immediately glanced sideways at her state, and replied:

"Under the hanging sky cliff."

After a pause, he asked again, "How is your condition?"


Hearing this answer, Ran Qingmo didn't answer, but slowly closed his eyes again.

half an hour,

She closed her eyes and whispered:

"Xu Changtian's father's people are coming soon."


Hearing this, Xu Yuan's pupils shrank suddenly.

Her voice was very soft, but it rang through Xu Yuan's mind instantly like a bomb.

"What did you say?"

Ran Qingmo repeated with her eyes closed, without any emotion in her voice:

"Xu Changtian's father's people are coming soon."

With his heart beating faster little by little, Xu Yuan slowly stood up:

"How much longer?"

Ran Qingmo replied softly:

"Less than half an hour."

half an hour?

Xu Yuan was shocked, took a deep breath, and asked again:

"How is your body now?"

Ran Qingmo leaned against the root of the tree, opened his eyes and glanced at Xu Yuan, and asked without answering:

"You seem disturbed? Why? I won't tell about you."

Xu Yuan looked around at the clouds and mists around the top of the mountain, forcibly steadied his mind that was beginning to waver, and said in a deep voice:

"Don't you know that Duoshe can be detected?"


Ran Qingmo stared at Xu Yuan with a puzzled expression.

It seems that she only knows that Duoshe will have rejection, but she doesn't know that there is a way to detect it after the rejection is over.

Xu Yuan didn't explain the setting of this world to Ran Qingmo, he spoke faster, and asked again:

"Can your current body resist the sky?"

Ran Qingmo was silent, then shook her head:

"I'm... badly hurt."

Xu Yuan raised his hand and rubbed the center of his brow vigorously, then asked suspiciously:

"Then why can you sense someone coming?"

Ran Qingmo took it for granted:

"Injuries to the physical body have little effect on the mind and soul."

Xu Yuan didn't speak any more, thinking about the next countermeasures in his mind.

What should he do?

Continue to stay here, wait for the arrival of Father Yuan's men, and then start acting?

Yuanchen's father's subordinates didn't know at this point that Ran Qingmo had captured Yuanchen, so he could put the pot of shit on Ji Qingyue's head.

Said that Ji Qingyue tied him up, and it was Ran Qingmo who rescued him, anyway, Ji Qingyue was dead and there was no proof.

But the problem is that in "Cangyuan", it is mentioned that Xu Changtian is a dude who is proficient in eating, drinking, whoring and gambling, and there is no detailed description of his behavior habits at all.

If he is found to be wrong, then he can only wait to die.

How to do how to do!

Countless complicated thoughts flashed through my mind.

moment,

Xu Yuan suddenly let out a long breath as if accepting his fate.

He swings.

Xu Yuan glanced sideways at the woman in black sitting by the tree:

"Can I go?"

"..." Ran Qingmo didn't understand Xu Yuan's sudden question.

"Can you go?" Xu Yuan repeated, his voice flat.

Ran Qingmo was silent for a moment, then shook her head.

Xu Yuan bent down silently, picked up the Snake Heart Lotus on the ground and stuffed it into his arms, then put his hands through Ran Qingmo's legs and back, and hugged her princess directly under her slightly surprised eyes.

Ran Qingmo's body seemed to be boneless and very light, even this young man with kidney deficiency could easily lift him up.


The air was quiet for a moment.

Ran Qingmo didn't struggle, and was forced into his arms, and she just stared at him calmly.

Ran Qingmo stared at Xu Yuan, but Xu Yuan didn't look at Ran Qingmo.

Holding Ran Qingmo in his arms, Xu Yuan asked softly while walking towards the cliff edge:

"Mr. Ran, do you want to die?"


Ran Qingmo didn't understand Xu Yuan's question, but she didn't want to die, so she shook her head.

Xu Yuan glanced at it from the corner of his eye, and smiled lightly:

"It's right if you don't want to die. We will stay here and be taken back by Xu Changtian's men. The only difference is an early death and a late death."

While speaking, Xu Yuan was already standing on the edge of the cliff with Ran Qingmo in his arms.

The cold wind blew his robe, and he was only one step away from the abyss.

Ran Qingmo pondered for a while, as if realizing what Xu Yuan wanted to do, his voice was slightly puzzled:

"You... want to jump with me?"

"Don't dare?" Xu Yuan laughed.

Ran Qingmo glanced sideways at the abyss where the fairy mist rolled, his gaze seemed to be looking at a fool:

"Yes, this is Xuantian Cliff."

Xu Yuan and her looked at each other for a moment, then smiled:

"It's better to jump to death than to be tortured to death by the Xiangguo mansion, isn't it?"

Ran Qingmo thought about it seriously, and said:

"Oh, you dance."

Xu Yuan was not in a hurry, but looked at Ran Qingmo, smiled and said:

"Mr. Ran, shall we make a bet?"

Ran Qingmo didn't understand why the man in front of him was so hypocritical, his eyes were light, and he nodded:

"you say."

Xu Yuan said:

"If we can survive, you owe me a favor and have to do something for me."

Ran Qingmo glanced at the abyss below again:

"But we can't survive."

"I mean if he survives." Xu Yuan chuckled.

Ran Qingmo was silent for a moment, and then slowly said:

"Why should I owe you favors if I survived?"

"..." Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan was dumbfounded, the moment of life and death has made him lose many scruples:

"If you can survive, it must be because my cave saved us. I think your life should be enough for you, right?"

Ran Qingmo thought for a moment, felt that what he said made sense, and nodded:

"Okay, if you survive, I owe you a favor."

"Remember what you said."

the voice fell,

Xu Yuan took a step forward without hesitation.

The cold wind on the top of the mountain makes the clear veil of the woman in black flutter down with the wind,

Everything in the world seems to be quiet at this moment,

Flying in the clouds, the five senses seemed to be disappearing bit by bit, only the sound of the wind breaking through his ears and the warm and soft body temperature of the woman in his arms were left in Xu Yuan's body...

I don't know how long in the clouds and mist,

He lowered his eyes and glanced at her who had closed her eyes and waited to die.

suddenly remembered,

Ran Qingmo's fate seems to be ninety-three.


		