

Night,

The full moon is in the sky, lonely and bright.

Zuixianlou.

In the bustling restaurant, women with long sleeves are good at dancing on the stage, and a group of beautiful women in sparsely dressed are walking in the hall, laughing and laughing.

suddenly,

"boom!!"

A loud noise from a wooden table quieted the bustling restaurant at a strange speed.

Then the people listened,

"Ridiculous...absurd! Then Xu Changge went to Naguyuan to kill a mere snake demon and let His Highness the Crown Prince welcome him into Beijing with a national gift!"

A Confucian robed scholar by the railing on the second floor suddenly slapped the table and stood up, shouting in a low voice with a slightly drunken face.

As soon as his words came out, the lobby became silent again, and almost everyone looked at him.

His companion's eyelids twitched slightly, he hastily tugged on the other's sleeve, and said loudly:

"Ah, brother Li, you're drunk and talking nonsense."

With that said, the companion saluted the crowd below:

"Sorry, sorry, drunk talk, drunk talk, disturbing everyone's pleasure, everyone, keep drinking, keep drinking."

A group of diners in the hall, seeing this, all laughed and echoed, drinking and listening to the music.

And at this time,

Seeing that the crowd stopped looking at him, the Confucian scholar waved his sleeve robe under the influence of alcohol, and shook off his companion's hand, with a heartbroken expression on his face, and raised his voice:

"I'm not drunk! Your Majesty lives in the palace, and there has been no news for a long time. Now that the crown prince is out of the city, it must be because of the prime minister's party to build momentum for his eldest son!"

As soon as the words fell, the originally bustling Zuixian Tower was so quiet that a needle could be heard.

Seeing that no one questioned him, the Confucian scholar was overwhelmed by the feeling of being noticed, took a deep breath, and then raised his voice:

"My Great Yan Kingdom has been in existence for more than 1,300 years. Xu Shenhe was the prime minister because he was a model of Confucian scholars of my generation, but now his wolf ambitions are clearly revealed! Leaving aside the faction for the time being, there are rumors that he already has private soldiers in his hands. All the ministers in the hall are like dogs and dogs who only care about protecting themselves!

"...The third son of Xu Shenhe, Xu Changtian, is even worse than a beast, forcibly robbing the women of the people, and wantonly exploiting the common people..."

The Confucian scholar yelled loudly at the prime minister, not noticing that the faces of his companions at the same table gradually darkened, and some of them had even quietly moved away from the Confucian scholar who was provoking his words.

Spray the prime minister, is there a problem with spraying the minister?

Of course no problem.

Isn’t that what they do as Confucian scholars?

If you don't spray them, who will you spray?

Spray it every time you have a private gathering.

There is no happiness without spraying.

but,

Why the fuck can't you just squirt at our private party? !

Who said that no one would advise the prime minister?

No one to speak out,

Whose heads were piled up at Caishikou in the capital?

Who were those warriors assigned to the northern and southern regions to defend against alien monsters and barbarians?


After spraying for a while, the Confucian student let out a long breath, as if he was addicted to spraying, and was about to continue the second half, when a voice suddenly appeared from the corner of the lobby:

"Confucian scholars who have no fame and reputation, slander the important officials of the court, do you really think that Jingjiang City has no secret investigation department?"

When the young Confucian scholar saw someone's rebuttal, he immediately replied righteously:

"So what if the Secret Service is here?! I'm telling the truth that others dare not tell!!"

"What can I do? Hehe, why don't you tell them to come and see you, a person who dares to speak out what others dare not?"


The young Confucian scholar was taken aback for a moment, opened his mouth to refute, but looked around cautiously, all he saw were mocking and mocking eyes, half sober, his face twitched slightly, turning purple and turning red, and in the end he still ignored his image sat down.

see this scene,

All of a sudden, everyone also burst into laughter, and the Zuixian Tower became bustling again, and the inside and outside were filled with a happy atmosphere...


Xu Yuan on the top floor silently watched what happened below.

No matter in which era or in which world, the life experiences of rich or powerful people are different from those of ordinary people.

The internal structure of Zuixian Building is a hollow, high ceiling and deep well-shaped building, and the consumption grades increase from low to high floors.

The bottom floor is of the same level, nearly 200 people huddled together to listen to the music, trying to indulge their eyes.

The second to fourth floors are another level, the environment is relatively relaxed and relatively quiet, you can make an appointment with two or three friends, and tell the old bustard to ask a few girls to have a drink and talk together.

The fifth to eighth floors are private rooms, which are indecent, and most of the activities such as listening to music and flute are here.

Nine to twelve are private rooms, specially prepared for overnight guests.

Every private room is full of girls with their own nicknames.

The top floor of the thirteenth floor is a suite.

Only this one.

Once booked, the whole floor is your activity space.

You can summon any girl in the Zuixian Tower, and the maids on the top floor are all delicate and handsome girls carefully selected by the old bustard, and every appearance and figure are top choices.

As a professional dandy, once Xu Yuan returned to Jingjiang City, he naturally came to the familiar Drunken Immortal Tower again, and took over the top floor.

But I didn't expect to see this good show by accident here.

He didn't care about being scolded himself.

You are scolding Xu Changtian, what do you care about Xu Yuan?

The only thing worth noting is the speed at which the news of the Great Yan Dynasty was transmitted.

Zhou Chen had just told him that his eldest brother had arrived in the imperial capital in the morning, and the news spread among the Confucian scholars and fellow princes in Jingjiang City in the evening.

But if you think about it, one of the states of the Great Yan Dynasty can span thousands of miles. If the news and facts cannot be conveyed, it should have split up long ago.

Thinking about these things in his mind, Xu Yuan was suddenly patted on the shoulder without realizing it.

A drunken voice came from behind him:

"Third Young Master, are you still standing here?"

It's Zhou Chen.

As his bodyguard and teacher, Zhou Chen naturally followed Xu Yuan to this Zuixianlou to eat and drink.

For this kind of elegant place, this guy is even more skilled than the original body. As soon as he got to the top floor, he walked into the room with two maids in his arms.

Xu Yuan unhurriedly glanced sideways at the unshaven master, and chuckled lightly:

"Well, it's over, so fast?"

"..." Zhou Chen.

Embarrassment appeared on Zhou Chen's slightly drunk face, and he coughed lightly:

"No, don't make random guesses. I'm not a womanizer. It's just what I need for my skills. Hurry up is what should be done."

After a pause, he picked up the gourd in his hand and took a sip of wine, then glanced at Xu Yuan as if nothing had happened:

"Third Young Master, why don't you come here to play?"

"Oh~"

Xu Yuan looked at him calmly, and chuckled lightly:

"Can't Mr. Zhou see my physical condition?

"After I practiced, I realized that my body was severely depleted due to lust and extravagance in the past. If this continues... Heh, it will be gone for the time being. Well, I will come to you if I have any problems in cultivation. Mr. Zhou, you can feel free to it is good."

After finishing speaking, Xu Yuan glanced at the well-proportioned young ladies standing beside him, silently said a few words about wine and sex, don't hurt me, then turned and left.

Zhou Chen looked at the back of the three young masters leaving, leaned against the railing with the jug in hand, shook his head, found two maids again, hugged one, walked towards the room, shook his head and sighed:

"Tsk, I thought the third son was a fellow man..."

The voice did not fall,

Xu Yuan's voice with a smile came from a distance:

"Mr. Zhou, I don't want to be like-minded with you."

Zhou Chen was taken aback for a moment, then he turned his head and grinned at Xu Yuan's back:

"Hey, it really is still a fellow."


		