

Xu Yuan's mood was a little complicated.

But no matter what happened before, he will probably only be able to use the name Xu Changtian in the future.

"Oh...."

Her slightly disappointed voice sounded softly in the dark cave, as if he was a little disappointed that he didn't tell her her real name.

After a few seconds of silence, she whispered:

"Then... you will use Xu Yuan's name from now on?"


Xu Yuan?

There was a strange flash in his eyes.

Thinking for a moment, Xu Yuan remembered that there seemed to be a word in "Cangyuan", but these three young masters died every time they debuted, and his name never appeared.

Knowing that the original body was also named Xu Yuan at this time, Xu Yuan was a little surprised.

Is it a coincidence?

Or because of something else?

His thoughts diverged, and then he gathered them up in an instant. Xu Yuan never wasted time on things he couldn't figure out.

Thinking up to this point, Xu Yuan said slowly to the woman beside him:

"Mr. Ran, wait a minute..."

"Ran Qingmo."

Da Bingtuozi interrupted him suddenly, his quiet eyes did not blink, and he was very serious:

"My name is Ran Qingmo."


The air was quiet for a moment, and he looked at her silently in the darkness.

Somewhat dumb, Xu Yuan nodded and smiled, and spoke again:

"Ran Qingmo, wait for a while after they come, you don't need to speak, I will deal with it."

This time, Da Bing Tuo Zi seemed satisfied and nodded:

"okay."

After the words fell, the two of them stopped talking.

Xu Yuan slowly closed his eyes and entered the cultivation state again.

Because that pool of spiritual springs has been collected into the Sumeru ring, the source of energy in the cave has gradually become thinner, but because the spirit lock array is still there, the source of energy sensed around Xu Yuan still makes Xu Yuan a little bit click tongue.

The exercises began to operate in the meridians, and the source energy sensed around was gradually absorbed into the body.

The narrow meridians in Xu Yuan's body that were originally narrow like a small intestine have now turned into a spacious highway, and the ice-blue source energy that was previously all over the inner walls of the meridians has been washed away by the huge medicinal power.

The source qi that wandered between heaven and earth entered the meridians, and began to transform in the meridians at an almost unimpeded speed.

just a quarter of an hour,

Xu Yuan found that the Yuan Qi he had transformed in this little time was already equivalent to his previous week of penance.

Feeling a little emotional, but also a little helpless.

As an ordinary person, you can't do things even if you try your best, but it can't match the geniuses.

The mind is completely immersed in cultivation, and only after experiencing the exhaustion of everything as an ordinary person can he vaguely feel the thinness of Yuan Qi, and then he can understand the terrifying advantages brought by this innate Taoism body.

But soon, Xu Yuan discovered that for some reason, the surrounding free energy was dissipating at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The existence mode of source qi is similar to that of air, it will continuously flow from "high pressure" to "low pressure", refilling the empty space.

But even so, the source of energy in the cave is also passing away quickly.

From thick, to thin, until only two feet away from his body remained two or three weak "Qi balls".

Xu Yuan closed his eyes and frowned slightly, controlling his mind and soul to probe out.

Ordinary people who are new to cultivation, mind and soul can only sense the weak source of energy less than one foot around the body, other than the flow of source energy, the replenishment of source energy cannot be sensed at all.

And the horror of the innate soul body was manifested again at this time. Xu Yuan's sensing range is now not only wider, but also can clearly detect the flow direction of the source energy.

Following the exploration of the mind soul, Xu Yuan sensed that the dissipated source energy in the cave was flowing to a position one meter away from him.

"..." Xu Yuan.

Stop the exercise, open your eyes and look around.

Ran Qingmo was sitting cross-legged beside him with her eyes closed.

All the Yuan Qi in the cave was snatched by her.

And he couldn't grab this big ice lump at all.

His eyes flickered slightly, Xu Yuan shook his head lightly, and he stopped practicing and leaned against the stone wall to rest his eyes with his eyes closed.

He somewhat understood why Ran Qingmo was able to become a grand master at such a young age.

She is practicing all the time.

Whether it's in the Buddhist hall when we first saw it, or waking up from the temperature loss in the cave, or in the gap between hiking and resting in the Wanxing Mountains.

As long as she is sitting cross-legged with her eyes closed, she is cultivating.

Geniuses who work hard are real geniuses.

Thinking of this, Xu Yuan's thoughts suddenly froze, and he recalled the elder brother in his mind.

That guy doesn't seem to have practiced much, does he?

As far as he could remember when he was a child, he would twist his elder brother, who was ten years older than him, to play with him all day long.

Although Xu Changge looked reluctant, he would still accompany him, often for a whole day.

In these memories, Xu Changge did not stop to sit cross-legged to practice.

When Xu Yuan's thoughts diverged,

Ran Qingmo, who was sitting beside him, quietly opened his eyes, and said in a cold voice:

"coming."

Xu Yuan immediately returned to his senses, his eyes fixed.

next moment,

"boom!!!!"

The gravel splashed, and the hard stone wall of the cave was directly blasted open a large hole more than ten meters deep. The sunlight penetrated into the mansion from the hole, instantly dispelling all the darkness here.

In the penetrating sunlight, several figures could be faintly seen.

It seemed that because they were afraid of Ran Qingmo's strength, they did not enter this small cave rashly.

a moment of silence,

A cold and hoarse female voice came from outside the cave.

"Mr. Ran, please come out."

The sound resounded throughout the cave.

silence for a second,

Ran Qingmo silently picked up his sword, stood up and walked out of the cave.

Xu Yuan directly reached out and grabbed her wrist.

She looked back and forth, Xu Yuan shook his head slightly at her.

At this point in time, with the strength of his cheap elder brother, he can kill this big ice lump with one blow.

Ran Qingmo was silent for two seconds, but still stood obediently.

Xu Yuan got up slowly, patted the blood-colored robe on his body, and said:

"Mr. Ran didn't hurt me, don't shoot her, let her go."


Hearing Xu Yuan's voice, no one outside the cave spoke.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan also walked out of the cave.

The cave that was blown away was about ten meters long, and there were gravels everywhere, and the boots made a "click" sound when stepped on it.

Walking to the entrance of the cave and standing still, Xu Yuan squinted his eyes, pouring Yuan Qi into his eyes to adapt to the sunlight outside.

Xu Yuan raised his hand and gently stroked his neck, and saw four figures standing in the air outside.

A man with an unshaven beard, a well-dressed woman with a high ponytail, a bald donkey, and the masked woman in a tight black dress showing two white arms.

Xu Yuan's eyes locked on the last masked woman.

He remembers her.

This woman was the shadow who stood by and handed the murder weapon when Xu Changge beat him up.

Ying'er glanced at Xu Yuan with indifferent eyes, and said in a low voice:

"Zhou Chen, take the third son away."


Zhou Chen glanced at the third young master standing at the entrance of the cave, and shook his head helplessly.

This blood-colored robe is quite handsome, but what this dandy third son said... who would listen?

It was the eldest son's order to kill Ran Qingmo.

thinking,

Zhou Chen flew towards Xu Yuan in a flash, so fast that Xu Yuan couldn't see clearly.

But halfway through the flight, Zhou Chen's figure suddenly froze, frowning and hanging in the air.

as far as the eye can see,

From the palm of the hand caressing the neck of this good-for-nothing third son, strands of strange blood-red origin energy unexpectedly emerged, coiling around his own fair neck.

The moment Zhou Chen dodged, strands of blood had already oozed from his neck.

Xu Yuan caressed his neck, looked around the four people again, and repeated word by word:

"I say,

"Let Mr. Ran leave."

Feeling the warmth of the blood on his neck, Xu Yuan felt that if he could be absolutely rational, he should take this opportunity to get rid of the big ice lump right now.

In this way, his identity will naturally be completely confirmed, without any flaws.

But Xu Yuan couldn't.

Maybe in the future he and her will have some conflicts, but it must not be now.

It doesn't matter whether it's the Virgin Mary or the dog licking.

Even if you can't repay your kindness, at least you can't repay your kindness with hatred.

She helped him so much along the way, and silently helped him so much in the cave, if it wasn't for her, just being unable to solve the rejection disease would have killed him right now.

Ran Qingmo stood inside the cave with a sword in his hand, staring at the blood-colored figure standing at the entrance of the cave, his red lips pursed slightly...


Surrounded by clouds and mist, there is a vast abyss hanging from the sky cliff at the foot, and the entrance of the cave suddenly fell into dead silence.

After Ying'er saw the blood-red source energy, a trace of surprise flashed in his indifferent eyes, but he immediately returned to normal:

"Third Young Master, we want to save you, what do you mean?"

Xu Yuan looked at him slightly, and said softly:

"Save me, there is no conflict with letting go of Mr. Ran."

After a brief conversation, Dongkou fell silent again.

For the four people standing in the air outside the cave, it was indeed unexpected that the third young master had Yuan Qi in his body, but it was nothing to their cultivation level.

It's very simple to stun the third son and take him away, it's just a matter of dodging.

But the problem is that now no one knows what kind of exercises the third young master practiced during the period, nor whether the bloody source energy coiled around the third young master's neck will go berserk after the third young master is knocked out.

It is true that the difference in strength allows them to forcibly use their own source of energy to suppress it before it goes berserk.

but,

What if?

In case the situation is not as expected, and the third son has an accident, who will take the responsibility.

The third son's death in his own hands is almost equivalent to the whole family being buried together.

No one dares to take this responsibility.

I don't know how long the stalemate in the atmosphere will last.

A sigh suddenly came slowly from the top of the hanging cliff.

Very light, but clearly fell into the ears of everyone present.

sigh down,

A gentle voice sounded like jade:

"Ying'er, Mr. Ran wants to leave, just let her go and bring Chang Tian up."


		