

A drop of clear water slowly falls down along the stalactites at the top of the cave.

"Tick tock..."

The water dripped into the pool, setting off waves of ripples and spreading away on the water surface. In this silence, the clear water dripping was so obvious.

I don't know how long I have been unconscious in this darkness, and my consciousness gradually poured into my body like clear water flowing into a canal.

Xu Yuan's eyes moved slightly, and after a while, he opened them leisurely.

It seemed that he was temporarily out of focus caused by a long-term coma, and he couldn't see the dim environment in front of him clearly.

In the silence, a light female voice came softly from the side:

"you're awake."

"Um..."

Xu Yuan subconsciously replied in a low voice, his vision gradually focused, and he could see the speaker clearly.

Ran Qingmo turned sideways, quietly sitting cross-legged beside him.

The distance between the two is very close, and the warmth from each other's jade legs can be faintly felt through the clothes.

It was a little strange, he didn't understand why Ran Qingmo had to sit so close.

The stiff thoughts gradually began to move, and Xu Yuan sat up from the ground little by little.

Then,

He suddenly realized that the other party was sitting so close because he was still holding the other party's slender wrist.

He clenched it so tightly that red marks appeared on her white wrists.

As previous memories flooded into his mind, Xu Yuan remembered that this was his obsession before coma.

With the blessing of the original body as high as 3 points, even if he fell into a coma, he would not dare to let go of Ran Qingmo.

But now that he has accurately entered the hole, Xu Yuan let go of the other party, rubbed the center of his brows, and explained softly:

"Sorry, I have to."

Ran Qingmo shook her head, her clear eyes looked at Xu Yuan's:

"thanks."

Her thanks were sincere and earnest.

But Xu Yuan was stunned by the inexplicable thank you from the other party.

He didn't understand why.

But after thinking about it for a moment, he immediately felt relieved.

The big Bingtuozi in front of him didn't know that entering this cave requires such illusory things as blessings.

Perhaps in her eyes, it was precisely because he was in a coma and pulled her along that she was able to enter this cave safely.

Thinking up to this point, Xu Yuan didn't have any meaning to explain.

Let this beautiful misunderstanding continue, hehe...

With a slight smile, Xu Yuan raised his eyes and looked at the other party:

"Mr. Ran..."

As soon as he saw it, Xu Yuan was stunned for a moment.


She, without a veil.

The black veil she carried all the way to cover her face quietly fell off when she fell off the cliff.

This was the first time Xu Yuan saw her without a black veil covering her face.

When the text is turned into a first-person perspective, the beauty described in exhaustive words appears so shallow in front of her true face at this moment.

Xu Yuan restrained his mind, smiled lightly and shook his head slightly.

No wonder those novels always describe how the heroines look like gods. Only now did he really understand.

His eyes returned to normal, Xu Yuan looked at her beautiful eyes, and said softly:

"Mr. Ran, the word thank you is the most worthless thing in this world."

talking,

Xu Yuan stood up from the ground with his knees propped up, stared at her and said with a smile:

"We survived, so I won the bet. You owe me a favor now."

Ran Qingmo raised her head slightly, and remained silent:

"it is good..."

After a pause, she asked softly:

"What do you want me to do?"

Hearing the other party's words, Xu Yuan smiled slightly:

"Keep it, there is nothing you need to do for me yet."

After speaking, Xu Yuan withdrew his gaze and turned to look at the surrounding environment.

This place seems to be a cave, and some white beads embedded in the inner wall of the cave emit faint light, a bit like the rumored luminous pearls, and with these lights, Xu Yuan can actually see the whole cave environment in all its glory Eight.

This cave abode is not very big, using the measurement unit of the previous life, the cave abode is only about 20 square meters.

A pool and a round jade bed with a diameter of one foot are all here.

Seeing this scene, Xu Yuan frowned slightly.

The size of the cave and the appearance of the jade bed and pool did not exceed his expectations.

but,

Why is the big golden treasure chest next to the bed missing?

All the adventures in this cave are stored in the treasure chest!

"What’s wrong with you?"

Ran Qingmo seemed to have noticed the abnormality of his breathing, and a crisp voice came softly.

Xu Yuan restrained his mind, calmed his breathing, and replied casually:

"Nothing? I just found that there seems to be some problems with my memory."

"Oh..." Ran Qingmo stopped talking after hearing this, and continued to sit cross-legged with her eyes closed and adjust her breath.

Xu Yuan walked towards the jade bed in the innermost part of the cave.

After calming down, he also judged that the disappearance of the treasure chest should be the result of the world's automatic completion.

If a golden treasure chest appeared inside such a mysterious cave, it would obviously look very nondescript.

Now that it has been proven that this cave will attract people based on good fortune, it is absolutely impossible for those things put here in "Cangyuan" to disappear.

Walking to the jade bed, Xu Yuan looked down at the big round bed.

The whole body of the bed is as white as white jade, with a faint glow emitting faintly.

There is no bedding or anything like that on the bed, but there are two pillows in the shape of a cuboid. The only place to hide things on this bed is under the pillows.

After a little hesitation, Xu Yuan slowly stretched out his hand and grabbed the pillow.

The pillow is slightly cold to the touch, like black ice.

After taking the pillow aside, as expected, Xu Yuan saw an extremely simple black ring below.

Seeing this thing, Xu Yuan immediately realized what this ring was.

The ring of acceptance, the ring of sumeru, or the ring of storage.

Xu Yuan didn't expect to see this thing in this place at all, and he suddenly felt that the auto-completion of this world is still very beneficial at certain times.

It is different from some other worlds of cultivating immortals who have a storage ring.

In this world, the Sumeru Ring is the top treasure.

It can be seen from the fact that a master like Ran Qingmo can only pack things in his bag honestly.

This is explained in the formula book.

A very simple reason,

Xumi precepts involve cutting space.

If Xumijie is rotten on the street, doesn't it mean that any blacksmith is a space power?

But in any case, after the world is complete, it is really a surprise to replace the "golden treasure chest" with the Sumeru Ring.

Xu Yuan stretched out his hand to hold the quaint black Sumeru Ring in his palm, and grinned.

But the smile quickly subsided again.

Although the treasure is good, he can't use it.

Sumeru Ring needs Yuan Qi to be activated, and he is still just an ordinary person.

Taking a deep breath, Xu Yuan casually threw the Sumeru Ring to Ran Qingmo who was sitting over there.

Ran Qingmo caught it, and looked down, because she had seen similar rings at the master's place, so she recognized what this ring was at a glance.

But even with this top-level treasure in hand, the look in her eyes was still anything strange, she just looked at Xu Yuan with a little doubt.

She didn't understand why Xu Yuan threw the Sumeru ring to her.

Xu Yuan smiled slightly to meet her gaze, and said softly:

"There are medicines for you to heal your wounds, and some things from my life. I can't get them out now, so I can only ask you to help."


		