

The thoughts come and go quickly.

World completion is too mysterious.

There is insufficient evidence, and what is deduced based on speculation can only be used as a reference and cannot be taken seriously.

If you want to verify, you have to go step by step.

Now Xu Yuan can confirm that there is only one thing, no matter which faction that Mr. Qin belongs to, there is a high probability that he is targeting the three young masters.

The heroine who was supposed to appear in Xiaoxiang Pavilion was taken to Zuixian Tower by him for no reason. If it is a coincidence, it is too coincidental.

Stopping his thoughts, Xu Yuan looked at Yueniang in front of him again, and said with a soft smile:

"Since Mr. Qin personally picked the top oiran, then naturally, my son should not miss it."

The smile on Yueniang's face stagnated.

The three sons were silent for so long, Yueniang originally thought that the other party would give up, but she heard such a sentence.

She hastily said:

"Third Young Master...if Mr. Qin blames him..."

Xu Yuan raised his hand to interrupt, looked into her eyes, observed every subtle expression on her face, and said with a smile:

"Blame?... If Mr. Qin wants to blame, Yueniang can let him come to me, but I am very curious about this Mr. Qin who is rumored to be shoulder to shoulder with my elder brother..."

After finishing speaking, Xu Yuan laughed, turned around and left.

Zhou Chen followed silently.

Yueniang opened her mouth to stop her, but finally swallowed her words.

There was silence in the garden alley.

Seeing Xu Yuan and the two of them forcefully walk into the bamboo garden where Jinxuan lives, and the door is closed, Yueniang finally sighed softly, got up slowly and walked back to her other courtyard silently...


Bamboo Garden lives up to its name, when you enter through the door, you will see a courtyard surrounded by bamboo trees beyond the Xiao Wall.

Bamboo leaves are green and scattered with the wind, and a pool of water is rippling.

There was a faint earthy fragrance in the garden, Xu Yuan looked around, but did not see anyone.

Behind the court is the hall, and behind the hall is the room.

Now that he was a dude, he naturally didn't intend to inform that girl Jinxuan, so Xu Yuan led Zhou Chen directly to the innermost room.

Walking along the stone path, Xu Yuan casually asked:

"Mr. Zhou, just now you said that Mr. Qin could stand shoulder to shoulder with Xu Changge more than ten years ago?"

This information is the direct reason why Xu Yuan came up with the idea that Mr. Qin was completed by the world.

Xu Changge, dare to kill the ruthless person who went to Gu Yuan to hide the head of the snake demon princess by himself.

Being able to stand shoulder to shoulder with him, Mr. Qin has no reason not to appear in the plot.

Zhou Chen raised his eyes and glanced at Xu Yuan's back. He didn't care that the three young masters called his elder brother by his name, and nodded slightly:

"Well, the year the eldest son danced the spoon became famous in the imperial capital, and there are many people who say they can stand shoulder to shoulder with the eldest son."

"what?"

Xu Yuan frowned slightly and asked:

"Mr. Zhou, do you mean that this Mr. Qin is actually a silver pewter gun head? If that's the case, why did you mention it separately just now?"

Zhou Chen followed behind Xu Yuan and said:

"The third young master is intelligent. This Mr. Qin is indeed different from those who use the eldest son to gain fame and fame."

"What's the difference?" Xu Yuan asked softly.

Zhou Chen carefully chose his words:

"Back when the eldest son was traveling around the world, he also met Mr. Qin, and the two walked together for a long time."

"Is that so?"

Xu Yuan murmured, although the elder brother in his memory was usually gentle with others, but he was proud in his bones.

It should be really good for Mr. Qin to be able to walk with him.

After a pause, Xu Yuan continued to ask:

"That's all?"

Zhou Chen shook his head:

"Third Master, do you know that Tianyuan Sword Sect will spread invitations every seven years, inviting young disciples from all sects in the world to set up a meeting in Tianyuan City?"

Xu Yuan pondered slightly and nodded:

"....Know."

He knows it.

Not only did he know, but he also knew what was behind the Tianyuan Conference.

Information from previous lives.

On the surface, the Tianyuan Conference is held to inspire the younger generation in the world, but in fact it provides an opportunity for the elders of each sect to meet and discuss various matters of the sects in the world.

Led by Tianyuan Jianzong, the number one sect in the world, a collective meeting of warlord leaders was convened.

However, despite the purpose behind it, since the Tianyuan Sword Sect will take out the same "golden" grade treasure every time as the reward for the first place, every Tianyuan Conference can be regarded as a grand event in the world.

After a pause, Xu Yuan asked:

"Mr. Zhou means that Xu Changge participated in the Tianyuan Grand Competition during his travels?"

"Well, the destination that Mr. Qin and the eldest son traveled together at that time was the Tianyuan Conference in Yuan City that day."

"So he has competed with Xu Changge? He is very strong?"

Zhou Chen nodded slightly:

"Very strong, he is one of the few people who survived under the sword of the eldest son."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Those who survived...?

After being dazed for a moment, Xu Yuan then smiled softly.

The son of the prime minister of the Dayan Dynasty, he went to participate in a competition held by a group of local warlord chiefs, and even killed those sect disciples directly on the field...

Xu Yuan probably guessed what happened at the Tianyuan Conference thirteen years ago, and also probably understood where the upper limit of Mr. Qin was, so he chuckled lightly:

"I probably know who the surname Qin is, huh..."

After all, Xu Yuan, who had obtained enough information, stopped talking.

This bamboo garden is indeed very big, all the way inward, crossing the courtyard hall, and passing through two stone arches, Xu Yuan saw a bamboo forest and a winding path interspersed among the bamboo forests.

The two walked along the path and turned a corner. At the end of the road, the bamboo forest suddenly opened up.

In a circle, leaving an open space,

The sunlight falls like a waterfall, and a quaint bamboo building stands alone, which looks extraordinarily quiet and deep in the bleak surrounding bamboo forest.

Clanking ancient music came from the inner room with a melancholy sound, reaching Xu Yuan's ears.

Xu Yuan stood on the spot and listened quietly for a moment, glanced sideways at Zhou Chen beside him, and said:

"Mr. Zhou, there are still two beauties waiting on the top floor, don't you...don't go back and have a look?"

He didn't want Zhou Chen, a bearded man, to squat at the door and watch his live broadcast intently.

Zhou Chen touched his stubble when he heard this, he was a little dumb, coughed lightly, and cupped his hands:

"Hey, then... Zhou will first wish the third son a prosperous martial arts."

"..." Xu Yuan.

They looked at each other speechlessly, and laughed at the same time.

After laughing, accompanied by the sound of the piano from the bamboo building, Zhou Chen turned and left, while Xu Yuan moved forward.

The bamboo forest was rustling with the wind, he entered the bamboo building alone, followed the sound of the piano all the way up to the second floor, and stood still in front of a wing.

Soon, the song ended, and a melodious female voice came in from inside:

"Since the third son is here, why stand outside the door?"

After the words fell, the melodious piano sound in the room sounded again.

Xu Yuan shook his head, didn't stay any longer, and just pushed the door open and entered.

Opening the curtain beads in the inner room, Xu Yuan walked into the women's boudoir with a burst of clattering noises.

In the room, a woman sat behind a guqin, her beautiful eyes drooped, her slender fingers kept beating, and beautiful musical notes came out from the strings.

The woman wore a bright red silk dress with a very low neckline, revealing her plump snow-white body.

The face is like a lotus, the eyebrows are like willows, the eyes are more charming than peach blossoms, the skin is like snow, the black hair is tied into a high bun, and a hosta reflects the soft light under the reflection of the sun.

Seeing the woman's face, Xu Yuan probably understood why the original body, who is a veteran of Hua Cong, was so obsessed with her, and was even tricked into being a licking dog by her.

Naturally flattering.

Suppressing the inexplicably bursting flames from the bottom of his heart and restraining his mind, Xu Yuan leaned over and sat on the futon opposite the woman.

After sitting down, the handsome maid at the side immediately poured him a cup of fragrant tea, and then retreated calmly.

A touch of sandalwood permeates the room, and the sunlight penetrates into the room along the window lattice, shadowy and shadowy.

Tasting tea, listening to music, appreciating beauties, the world is comfortable.

In the silence, Xu Yuan closed his eyes intoxicated.

I don't know when, I don't know how many songs will end.

Su Jinxuan slowly raised her eyes that looked like autumn water, looked at the man who was listening with his eyes closed, and smiled:

"Third Young Master, it seems that you are also involved in temperament?"

As her voice came,

Xu Yuan slowly opened his eyes, dazed for a moment.

Returning to his senses, he smiled and shook his head, Xu Yuan directly pointed at the red dress on the heroine, and said:

"I don't know temperament. I prefer the most natural human voice to temperament. Miss Jinxuan, you should know why I came to you, right?"

talking,

Xu Yuan glanced sideways at the big soft bed covered by the red curtain in the wing room.


		