

The woman who looked like a city was approaching a little bit, and the icy breath exuded made Xu Yuan feel like he was in an ice cellar.

At the moment of life and death, Xu Yuan's thinking was very clear.

His words have already been spoken, and regret is useless, even if he is crying, he can only bite the bullet and continue acting.

Under the pressure of Ran Qingmo's aura, Xu Yuan slowly loosened the wooden pillar beside him, stood firm, and looked at the other side with gritted teeth:

"Mr. Ran, you seem surprised?"

"..." Ran Qingmo.

Xu Yuan smiled under pressure:

"That's right, this level of secrecy, how could my father let me, a piece of trash, know?"

As he spoke, Xu Yuan narrowed his long and narrow Danfeng eyes slightly:

"However, Mr. Ran, compared to me as my father's third son, I am more curious about how you, a disciple of the Sword Sect, know such a secret?"


The air in the temple seemed to be dead silent for a moment.

At present, the only people who know about this matter are the father of this body and his most trusted confidants, the meaning of Xu Yuan's words is self-evident.

Ran Qingmo fixed her eyes on the noble young master in front of her, and the darkness of the rainy night could not stop her gaze at all, and she paused every word:

"What do you mean by that?"

While speaking, her footsteps also stopped, and the blade in her hand drooped slightly.

Xu Yuan noticed that the icy cold on his body, which seemed to be overwhelming the top of Mount Tai, suddenly loosened. Seeing this, he breathed a sigh of relief.

The thrill of being on the verge of death made Xu Yuan let go of many scruples, and he must not be cowardly at this time.

"what for?"

Slowly walking, he walked around Ran Qingmo in the dark with great interest, his eyes glanced back and forth at her graceful figure, and his tone became a little bit more serious:

"Lun Gong, Dayan Kingdom has been around for more than 1,300 years. Tianyuan Jianzong was established following Dayan's founding of the country. With Dayan, we will be prosperous together, and we will lose together if we lose.”

"In terms of personal matters, my father and Mr. Ran's master are old friends who have known each other for decades."

"Mr. Ran, you are a disciple of the head of the Sword Sect. I wonder who's words can make you believe that your father will attack the Sword Sect. Is this difficult for people to understand?"


Listening to the other party's words, Ran Qingmo slightly clenched the sword in his hand.

She felt that the man in front of her had changed a little.

From coma to just waking up, the other party seemed to be a different person.

The subtle sense of qi made her feel that the heart of the calm third son was beating extremely fast at this moment, and his heart was far less calm than it appeared on the surface.

But when the well-known rumors were no longer reliable, she couldn't be sure how much Xu Yuan in front of her knew, and how many cards she could have.

Looking at the big ice lump standing silently, Xu Yuan's heart calmed down little by little.

The steps under his feet suddenly changed, and he walked straight to meet the eyes of the woman in black.

Under Ran Qingmo's gaze, the man in front of her stood one meter in front of her, looking down at her:

"Mr. Ran, put away the sword."

Ran Qingmo looked at him indifferently, and at this moment she could feel that the other's heartbeat had gradually calmed down.

And the next moment,

She saw the man in front of her smile, bent slightly in front of her, raised two fingers to clamp her hanging blade, lifted it up little by little, and moved it to his undefended neck.

With the blade in his throat, he looked into her eyes:

"Since I don't accept it, Mr. Ran will kill me?"

Xu Yuan, who was familiar with the plot, was sure that the woman in front of him would not take the initiative to kill him.

As soon as the words fell, Ran Qingmo's hand holding the hilt of the sword slightly tightened, and the blade on the opponent's neck suddenly let out a humming sound.

The mammoth killing intent strikes,

In a daze, Xu Yuan saw the picture of his head flying high.

But in the next moment, the illusion disappeared, and the woman in front of him was still standing with a sword, and his head hadn't moved yet.

The near-death experience made Xu Yuan's eyes slightly dilated. He had never seen such a posture when he was born in a peaceful age, and the death breath emitted by the other party at that moment also made his legs a little weak.

Even if the woman in front of him could make him so embarrassed just by exuding her breath, the act of releasing her killing intent also showed that the other party would indeed not kill him at this time.

Xu Yuan stared at her, repeating word by word:

"Mr. Ran, the threat that cannot be realized is just a joke. Put the sword away, let's talk, and I can help you."

The cold wind was bleak, and the blade against the throat was really cold.

Xu Yuan has no system, no grandfather, and the body of the third son is just an ordinary person. His familiarity with the plot and characters of "Cang Yuan" is his greatest reliance, but this greatest reliance is also a reminder.

In the plot of "Cangyuan", the third son of the prime minister's family has a miserable end, and every world line has a mortal ending.

In order to survive, Xu Yuan must do some things in advance, and must gamble on some things.

Ran Qingmo's eyes drooped slightly, she didn't know what she was thinking, but she did withdraw her sword.

The blade of the sword suddenly danced a sword flower, and after a ripple of azure blue sword light in the darkness, it went into the sheath in response.

very handsome.

Xu Yuan touched his neck subconsciously.

Hmm...the head is still there, no blood or anything like that.

Ran Qingmo glanced at Xu Yuan's movements strangely.

Xu Yuan smiled at her, secretly preparing to speak in his heart.

But the next moment,

Xu Yuan's smile froze.

Ran Qingmo put away the blade, and silently picked up the thick and long wooden stick on the ground and held it in his hand.

"..." Xu Yuan.

Pupils shrank slightly, Xu Yuan quickly opened his mouth to say something:

"Wait....."

"boom!"

There was a muffled sound, and Xu Yuan, who hadn't finished speaking, fell straight down.


		