

Consciousness disappears.

Xu Yuan seemed to have come to the boundless void, and boundless darkness and cold enveloped him.

Lost all five senses.

There is no passing of time.

I don't know how long it took, loneliness and despair filled my body.

he died?

Xu Yuan felt that he should be dead.

In a state of hypothermia and fever, being taken care of by that ignorant big ice lump, no matter how you think about it, it is impossible for him to survive.

No matter how much you feared death in life, when death really came, there was only relief left.

At this moment, Xu Yuan even felt that death was not bad.

He could feel a warm touch continuously flowing around his mouth, a little even entered his mouth.

is liquid.

Some fishy, ​​some sweet.

tastes good.

Like the dry and cracked soil being moistened by sweet rain for a long time, the urge to swallow and suck took over all instincts.

With the continuous intake of the fishy-sweet warm liquid, waves of warm current began to spread in the limbs and bones to dispel the coldness.

Um?

and many more.

If dead, why is he still drinking?

With the emergence of this weird idea, the lost five senses began to return to consciousness little by little, and finally he clearly heard the swallowing sound of "gudong, gudong, gudong".

Slowly opened his eyes, the unfocused pupils made the picture in front of him somewhat distorted and blurred.

Accompanied by the swallowing sound of "gudong, gudong", the picture that Xu Yuan's unconscious eyes saw gradually became clear.

He saw those... light eyes.

The confused consciousness made Xu Yuan a little confused about the current situation for a while, he stared at the other party for two seconds, and subconsciously turned his head to the side.

As soon as he moved, a cold little hand directly pressed his head, preventing him from moving.

It was Ran Qingmo.

Xu Yuan opened his mouth to speak, and noticed that the spout of the water bag was inserted in his mouth, and the warm liquid was continuously flowing into his throat from inside.

Gradually regaining consciousness, Xu Yuan clenched his fists a little bit and began to struggle, but the opponent was too strong.

It doesn't feel good to be forcibly filled with water, not to mention that the spout of the water bag is quite long, and the liquid continuously pours into the throat along the spout.

Eyes on.

Xu Yuan swallowed hard and blinked hard.

Ran Qingmo also blinked, then nodded at him.

"..." Xu Yuan.

After ten seconds of silence, the face flushed a little, and the sound of watering became the only sound in the cave.

at this moment,

Xu Yuan finally understood why his girlfriends in the previous life patted his thigh so hard.

When the liquid ran out, Ran Qingmo put away the water bag, got up and left silently.

After the opponent leaves, the bondage disappears.

The feeling of suffocation made Xu Yuan gasp a few times like a newborn, and slowly sat up, wanting to curse a few words, but before he could say anything, he raised his hand and looked at his body in surprise.

With the infusion of those liquids, the body that was already bitingly cold began to heat up gradually, and the heat dissipated quickly, spreading from the stomach to the limbs at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the strands accumulated in the body The cold gradually dissipated.

An unprecedented new experience, more than a hundred times faster than the special medicine in the previous life.

"You..what did you feed me?"

Xu Yuan's voice was still a little hoarse when he spoke, but he was no longer as weak as before.

While talking, Xu Yuan looked at Ran Qingmo's back, but suddenly found that the cave was much warmer, and the air was filled with a faint mist.

Doubts just arose in my heart,

Xu Yuan's eyes swept across, and the scene in front of him almost made him lose his breath.

Since crossing over, almost every time he wakes up, he challenges Xu Yuan's mental and physical limits.

The entrance of the cave is an oval with a radius of two meters.

And it was such an ordinary cave entrance, which was almost firmly blocked by a huge head at this moment.

It's a giant python.

Two fangs protruded from the mouth, and a pair of half-squinted snake eyes stared eerily at the cave. The scales all over the body were fiery red, like burning flames, and a single horn on the top of the head emitted a faint golden light. Slowly wriggling with breathing.

The rainwater fell on the torso of the giant python...or snake demon, and the high temperature on the surface of its scales immediately raised waves of water vapor.

The water and mist filled the cave, and the cave was like a fairyland.

what is this?

Xu Yuan stood up with difficulty, and retreated a little bit towards the rear.

As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw such a giant python lying not far away and staring at him.

The three views of the previous life made him unable to accept it for the time being.

Time travel, shouldn't there be a novice village to adapt to?

Is the giant python blocking the door in front of you something that can be encountered in Xinshou Village?

While Xu Yuan's mind was shaking, from the corner of his eye, he caught a glimpse of the black-clothed figure jumping onto the huge head of the snake monster.

Misty and hazy, with the light between the rain curtains,

Following the movement of the black shadow, Xu Yuan saw a crystal-clear ice pick behind the giant python's head.

A huge ice pick that nailed the seven-inch piercing of the giant python outside the cave to the ground!

Ran Qingmo pointed the spout of the water bag at the sharp horn thorn on the snake monster's head, and tapped its hard scales with the scabbard.

The giant python closed its snake's eyes as if resigned to its fate, and a little bit of golden liquid seeped out from its horn thorns, and flowed into the water bag bit by bit along the spout.

Once the water sac was filled, the aura on the snake demon's body obviously weakened a lot.

Ran Qingmo jumped off the snake demon and handed the water bag to Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan took it with a flat face, because he couldn't recover.

After handing over the water bag to Xu Yuan, Ran Qingmo looked around the cave, blinked his eyes twice, as if thinking of something, turned and ran into the rain in silence.

Staring blankly at the direction in which the other party left, Xu Yuan's rigid thinking began to work a little bit.

Looking at the giant python blocking the door, Xu Yuan realized that in order to save him, the big ice lump beat the thing half to death and dragged it back.

The rain was falling, and the woman's figure completely disappeared under the rain curtain.

about a minute later,

Ran Qingmo came back from the rain with a large bundle of wet firewood in his arms, and a spray of water dripped from the dry ground instantly.

Turning a blind eye to Xu Yuan's surprised gaze, Ran Qingmo put the bundle of firewood on the ground two meters away from Xu Yuan, and silently arranged them like a bonfire.

Appears to be preparing to light a fire with wet wood.

Seeing the other party's actions, Xu Yuan smiled, subconsciously preparing to speak out to dissuade him.

At this time, Ran Qingmo had already moved to the side of the giant python's head, his eyes were quiet, and he knocked on its head with his scabbard.

The giant python seemed to be terrified of being beaten, and looked at Ran Qingmo in awe, opened its mouth and stretched out the slender snake letter, and a scorching feeling rose in the cave in an instant.

The bundle of soaked wood was steamed dry at a speed visible to the naked eye, and then followed the slender snake letter slightly on the firewood.

A flash of fire lit up the cold stone walls of the cave.

Xu Yuan opened his mouth, and silently swallowed back what he wanted to say.


		