

Yueniang, this woman Xu Yuan had been speculating before whether she would also have a cultivation base.

It is obviously unrealistic for such a big Zuixianlou to be supported by a group of women.

Looking at it now, he really is a master.

Alright, now the reason why the original body couldn't hold on to the three tricks under her hands has been solved.

Most likely it was because Yueniang performed the double cultivation method at that time.

Do not talk about martial arts.

Since Yueniang was pinched by the neck, she couldn't answer Xu Yuan's words.

Staring at Yueniang's pale little face for a few seconds, Xu Yuan slightly raised his hand as a signal.

Grandmaster Zhou was also very face-saving at this time, he let go of his hand, took a deep look at Yueniang, and then slowly retreated behind Xu Yuan and stood with downcast eyes.

Unlike other masters who like to hold their hands, Zhou Chen climbed up step by step from the bottom.

Master, you can do it.

But he is also a professional at doglegs.

The garden alley, green bricks and green tiles, was silent, and a small hole had been smashed by Yueniang's slender body on the clean courtyard wall at this moment.

After Zhou Chen let go, Yueniang immediately collapsed powerlessly, and with her pale face, she looked a little pitiful.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan was a little surprised, and glanced sideways at Zhou Chen.

Are you so serious?

Zhou Chen shook his head helplessly.

Just now, Yueniang just wanted to show up suddenly to stop the third young master, and give him a blow.

There was no attack, so he just retaliated.

Xu Yuan understood, and looked at Yueniang again, with a hint of amusement in his eyes.

As expected of the remaining women in the Land of Fireworks, who can act so well.

"Yueniang, why bother?"

Yueniang lowered her eyes for a moment, pursed her thin lips lightly, and when she raised her eyes, there was already a trace of grievance in her eyes:

"Third Young Master, if... if this Zuixianlou is the property of the Nu family, if you want it, how can the Nu family not give it to you... But this rule was set by Mr. Qin, and the Nu family can only follow it."

"Mr. Qin?" Xu Yuan murmured.

Although Xu Changtian was unscrupulous, he was still very generous in a place like the Land of Fireworks.

Although jealousy is the norm, it has never caused any major disturbances.

Therefore, this was the first time Xu Yuan heard of Mr. Qin's name.

It should be the boss behind Zuixianlou.

Xu Yuan tried to find a character who could match Mr. Qin in the plot of "Cangyuan", but he failed.

The title of Mr. Qin sounds familiar, but I guess it's not in Cangyuan.

anyway,

To be able to support an industry like Zuixianlou behind his back, Mr. Qin should have a lot of energy.

After all, in Xu Yuan's memory, there was also Zuixianlou in the imperial capital.

After a pause, Xu Yuan looked sideways at Zhou Chen with a hint of questioning in his eyes.

Zhou Chen hesitated a little, and passed a voice into Xu Yuan's ears.

After hearing this, Xu Yuan probably understood what kind of person this Mr. Qin was, and a strangeness flashed in his eyes.

If this Mr. Qin is really what Zhou Chen said, why has he never seen him in the plot?


Yueniang couldn't hear the sound transmission, but she could see the expressions on the faces of the two of them. After deliberating for a second, she continued to speak softly:

"Third son, the new daughter of the slave family was sent by Mr. Qin himself, and he personally explained the relevant matters, third son, you can't let the slave family lose money..."

Xu Yuan regained consciousness upon hearing the words, and immediately raised his eyebrows.

That woman was sent by Mr. Qin?

After pondering for a few breaths, Xu Yuan asked with a smile:

"Yue Niang, you said that Jinxuan was sent by that Mr. Qin, are you serious?"

A trace of puzzlement flashed in Yueniang's eyes, but she still said truthfully:

"Naturally, the slave family will not lie to the third son. Jinxuan was indeed brought here by Mr. Qin half a month ago."


Thoughts flickered in Xu Yuan's eyes.

If it is true that Mr. Qin sent the woman as Yueniang said, then this information is worth pondering.

Back then in "Cang Yuan", Xu Yuan controlled the plot protagonist to kill the three sons of the original body. Although it was not easy, he did not encounter an invincible powerhouse.

The strongest boss is also Xue Yong's sixth-grade iron body peak guard.

Now that the plot has turned into reality, there are too many problems.

After killing the boss of Xue Yong's level, the original body was directly wiped on the neck by the protagonist of the plot controlled by Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan didn't pay much attention at that time.

After all, it is already deeply rooted in the hearts of the people to send the brainless villain son off one by one, and the iron peak boss is really difficult to fight.

Thinking about it now, Zhou Chen and Ying'er are two great masters watching from the sidelines. The protagonist of the plot is now using his strength to kill the original body?

A master like Yueniang approached a little faster and was caught by Zhou Chen in seconds. With the strength of the protagonist at this point in time, he wanted to kill Xu Changtian?

Believe it or not that Zhou Chen can stare to death with just one look?

True.

Perhaps because Xu Yuan possessed the butterfly effect caused by his innate body, Xu Changge strengthened the guards around him.

But after Ran Qingmo's kidnapping, Xu Changge must at least leave behind a great master to protect him, right?

But not in the plot.

Thinking about it, the great master who protects the original body in the plot must be entangled in something...

Thinking of this,

Xu Yuan's eyes became a little strange, and a slightly absurd idea gradually climbed into his heart.

Is there a possibility that this plot is simply a BUG?

After all, no matter how perfect the fictional world view is, there will always be some logical inconsistencies, especially when the game has to take care of the player's experience.

As soon as this thought came out, Xu Yuan's heart trembled.

Traveling to the present, Xu Yuan is no stranger to the world's completion of the plot.

If this was the case, then Xu Yuan could completely understand the appearance of this strange and mysterious Mr. Qin.

Because the plot of the protagonist killing the third son has a bug, the world will be automatically completed to make all this reasonable.

And now this Mr. Qin is the one who has been complemented by the world to perfect this bug.

Continue to think along this line of thought.

Assuming that the premise is established,

Then which side in Cangyuan does this Mr. Qin belong to?

Wu Chenghou?

Although the relationship between this Marquis and the Xiangguo Mansion was tense, he acted upright from the beginning to the end, so that he would not touch the three young masters.

Princelings?

His father is the prime minister, one of the three princes, the prince's teacher, the emperor is critically ill, and the current support of the Xiangguo family has always been the prince.

At this point in time, the royalists in Xiangguo Mansion and the Prince's family are still in the honeymoon period.

Those local sects?

If they made a move, why did Ran Qingmo, the only disciple of the head of the Sword Sect, take the risk to tie him up?


The intricate power relations in "Cangyuan" quickly flashed through Xu Yuan's mind, but in the end he found nothing.

Motivated forces, not strong enough.

A powerful force with insufficient motivation.

Forces with both strength and motivation, such as Gu Yuan, can't stretch their hands into Jingjiang City now.

It's still an old habit. If I can't figure it out, I won't think about it for the time being. When the time comes, I will take the initiative to meet Mr. Qin. It won't be too late to speculate after I get more information.

When Xu Yuan was about to temporarily put this question aside, the corners of his eyes suddenly twitched.

Then,

My heart sank suddenly.

A thread of thoughts gradually climbed into his mind.

In order to fix the plot bug,

This world can complete a Mr. Qin,

Then, why can't it directly complete a hidden force?


		