

The crowd outside the Zuixian Tower was surging, and the flow of passengers continued.

Although it was not night, it was still dusk, and there were already an endless stream of guests at the gate of Zuixian Tower.

A carriage on the street constantly attracts the attention of passers-by.

The horse is completely black, with a single horn on its head, and there are faint flames flickering between its hoofs and feet, and the body behind it is even more luxurious and luxurious, with a big Xu character printed on the side, and a pitch-black dragon lingering around the body, lifelike, especially the pair of dragons eye.

Surrounded by a crowd of nurses, he walked out of the Drunken Immortal Tower, a handsome young man in a brocade robe walked out of the Drunken Immortal Tower, and pulled a slim woman in a bamboo hat into the carriage.

The appearance of the two attracted a lot of passers-by to stare and discuss.

Among the crowd standing on the side of the street, two men with outstanding temperament were also looking at the carriage.

One of them was dressed in black, with a resolute and handsome face.

Each of them was dressed in a luxurious white shirt, still holding a folding fan in the cold winter wind.

The well-dressed man looked at the imposing Xu Changtian over there, and asked curiously to the white-clothed man beside him:

"Brother Li, why do these pedestrians talk so much about that young master?"

Li Muchen glanced at the carriage, shook his folding fan lightly and smiled and replied:

"Brother Qin, you didn't know something when you first came here. That person is the third young master of the Xu family, Xu Changtian."

Qin Mo murmured in a low voice: "The Xu family... which Xu family?"

Li Muchen shook his head and smiled: "Nature is the biggest one."

Qin Mo was taken aback for a moment, then murmured:

“Soukokufu?”

The Xu family, Xiangguo Mansion, of course he knows this.

I just don't know if this Xu family has anything to do with the gentle Miss Xu whom he met during the trip.

Seeing his identity seems to be very mysterious.

"Let's go."

During the silence, Li Muchen patted Qin Mo's shoulder affectionately and showed a smile that any man could understand: "If brother Qin wants to make friends, I can introduce you if there is a chance, but this time, brother Qin, a businessman, you saved me. Get drunk tonight!"

Qin Mo nodded slightly and smiled slightly.

Li Muchen's introduction of this sentence is obviously just Li Muchen's excuse.

If Li Muchen really had a good relationship with the third young master of the Xu family, he would not have stood here watching, but had already gone forward to talk to the third young master of the Xu family.

Li Muchen was born in a rich merchant family, but the other party's family is far from that of Xu Yuan's Xu family.

However, Qin Mo was very caring and didn't point out Li Muchen, and walked with him, subconsciously touching his chest while walking.

Li Muchen saw Qin Mo's small movements, thought Qin Mo was worried about the expenses, and said with a smile:

"I'll be the host tonight, and clean up the dust for my brothers."

"Ah, that's not true." Qin Mo smiled and shook his head: "I came to Zuixianlou to find someone."

"Looking for someone?" Li Muchen was stunned for a moment, then smiled slightly: "But there is a girl you like?"

His words became a little hesitant again: "But the girl in the Zuixian Tower..."

Qin Mo said softly, "I'm looking for Miss Jinxuan."

"Miss Jinxuan?" Li Muchen was puzzled, but immediately seemed to think of something, and became a little weird again.

Qin Mo explained: "Miss Jinxuan and I once had a bet."

Li Muchen's expression became even weirder: "A bet?"

Qin Mo took out a demon pill from his bosom, and said with a slight smile, "If I can get the monster demon pill from the Wind Crow Forest within half a month, she will play a song for me alone."

Looking at Yaodan, Li Muchen's pupils shrank slightly.

Born in a family of merchants, there are not a few demon pills that he has dealt with.

With just one glance, he could see that the quality of the demonic power contained in this demon core was probably around the seventh rank.

Now the situation is turbulent, demons are rampant, and the subordinate departments of Jiantiansi are unable to control the Quartet, and the local sects and aristocratic families are just sweeping their own way, and the appearance of a ghost is often the blood debt of a village.

Now Qin Mo's aura is long, but he should only be an eighth-rank martial artist. It is not an easy task for an eighth-rank martial artist to reversely kill a seventh-rank monster.

Such a genius is indeed worth making friends with.

However, Li Muchen turned to think about Jinxuan, shook his head slightly, carefully considered his words, and said softly:

"Brother Qin, you may not see Miss Jinxuan today... No, maybe you won't see her in the future."

Li Muchen finally chose to tell the truth.

Qin Mo's eyes froze, and he frowned: "Brother Li, what do you say?"

Li Muchen glanced at the Black Dragon carriage, and clicked on it: "Because Xu Changtian..."

Hearing this, Qin Mo was a little worried about gains and losses, and asked softly: "Miss Jinxuan has a special status in Zuixianlou, if she doesn't want to, can she not pick up guests?"

Li Muchen glanced around, leaned closer and said in a low voice: "It's true, the Zuixianlou will not let the nobles sell themselves, but..."

As he said that, Li Muchen sighed slightly, "..But Brother Qin, that Xu Changtian is the third son of the Xiangguo Mansion, and he forcibly canceled the date that he sent invitations to Miss Jinxuan to leave the court a few days ago."

"..." Qin Mo.

Through some coincidences, Qin Mo knew some information about the forces behind Zuixianlou, but it was obviously impossible for the other party to fall out with the Xiangguo Mansion because of a woman.

Li Muchen hesitated slightly, and pointed to the running guards behind the black carriage that had just started:

"Brother Qin, look at those guards beside the carriage."

Qin Mo stared at him: "What's wrong?"

"Everyone is seventh-rank up, and there are even a few sixth-rank."

"Rank up?" Qin Mo finally had a flash of astonishment in his eyes.

The oldest of those guards was only around 30 years old, and such a young rank-6 cultivator was just an ordinary guard...

Li Muchen grinned, with some unknown bitterness: "I guess these people are just guards on the surface, and there must be masters at the level of worship in the dark."

"Fifth Grade Condensed Soul Realm?" Qin Mo frowned, remembering the strength of the enshrined in Li Muchen's family.

Qin Mo stared subconsciously.

But apart from those ordinary guards, only a bearded man was seen driving in front.

The big bearded man had an easy-going smile on his face, a long sword was tied behind his back, and he was holding the rein in his hand.

Qin Mo didn't show doubts yet,

next moment,

The eyes of the stubble man swept towards Qin Mo!

Warm and smiling eyes.

But even so, Qin Mo's hairs still stood on end.

The other party's eyes made him realize that the conversation between him and Li Muchen just now was overheard by this big man.

But the big man didn't have any intention of moving. Instead, he grinned at him, and pointed to the carriage behind him with some mischief.


Seeing the other party's move, Qin Mo was taken aback for a moment, and then his pupils shrank slightly.

The memory picture just now came to mind.

The woman in the bamboo hat who was led by Xu Changtian in the carriage...is that Jinxuan?

Qin Mo clenched his fist slightly.

But the big man just turned his head with a smile and ignored Qin Mo.

It seems that to him, teasing him is like teasing an ant when he has nothing to do...



After Zhou Chen withdrew his gaze, he pulled the reins, and the black one-horned horse moved forward accordingly, and the carriage slowly drove forward.

It seemed to hear laughter outside the car, and a gentle voice came from inside:

"Mr. Zhou, why are you laughing?"

Zhou Chen shrugged casually:

"It's nothing. I heard two people talking about Miss Su and the third son. They should be Miss Su's admirers. They thought it was interesting and teased them."

"Really? Jinxuan is really popular."

Xu Yuan didn't care when he heard it, and instead ordered softly:

"Mr. Zhou, if you don't have anything to do, let someone buy me a few recent returns."


		