

The place Ying'er took Xu Yuan to was located in the northwest of the mansion, a group of courtyards with very strict guards.

Xu Yuan is very familiar with this place.

Because there is only this area in the huge Jingjiang Xu Mansion, he, as the master, does not have the authority to enter.

certainly,

This may also have something to do with the fact that he always likes to borrow things from his own house and sell them.

Xu Yuan reckoned that there should be a place similar to a treasure house somewhere in this area, so he guarded him, the third son, like a thief.

However, in his memory, he did have the experience of going in.

Because that old man and Xu Changge would call him occasionally.

And the "telephone" is located underground in this area.

But if it's a phone call, what can the old man and his son have to say?

Communicating with Xu Changge, saying that if you are in a hurry, you can at least scold each other a few words.

There is nothing to talk about with Xiangguo's father on the phone.

The content of the conversation is almost a template——

"Father, you are looking for me."

"Um."

Two words of silence.

"what's up?"

"good."

"Um."

"Um."

Then continue to be silent.

Ask something over there, answer something here, and then there will be a period of silence after the answer.

If the silence is so great that both sides are completely embarrassed, the other side of the Imperial Capital will cut off the communication without saying a word.

Looking for him may not necessarily mean something. For that father, most of the time he actually just wanted to hear something.

The underground space is empty and silent.

There is only one crystal ball suspended in mid-air in the huge room.

But as long as the soul detects it, it can sense the countless patterns of formations engraved under the ball.

This is the real-time communication device of this world.

Xu Yuan stood in front of the crystal ball without saying a word.

He's been here for two minutes.

After a brief questioning, the two sides have been fighting here for almost thirty seconds.

Well, as expected, I was embarrassed again.

After another long hour,

Xu Yuan's lips moved, and he took the initiative to say:

"That... I am eighth grade."

two seconds of silence,

The light of the crystal ball flickered for a while.

Subsequently,

A calm middle-aged male voice came over, very calm, so calm that there seemed to be no emotional fluctuations:

"Um."

But after the voice fell, the other party seemed to realize that his tone was too gentle, paused, and added:

"not bad."


Perhaps affected by memory, Xu Yuan chuckled subconsciously when he heard this, and immediately stopped speaking after realizing it.

But the chuckle should still have passed, the crystal flickered for a while, and the voice came:

"I heard from Chang Ge that you are in good health now?"

Xu Yuan felt relieved when he heard the words, and replied:

"Generally, it's just a little bit stronger than him, it's just the innate Taoism."

"..." Father Xu.

After a moment of silence, Xu Yuan heard a thin exhalation.

The other side seemed to want to laugh, but held back.

The voice that came again was still calm, with a few traces of instructions:

"It's a good thing to be able to practice. Improve your strength as soon as possible. If you run out of the elixir that Changge gave you, you can go to the steward of the mansion to ask for it."

Like Xu Changge, this father did not ask where Xu Yuan's physique came from.

There are countless opportunities for Xu Yinhe to go from being a commoner to being in power today.

When the child grows up, if he wants to speak out, he will help with it, and if he doesn't want to speak up, let him do it.

Hearing this, Xu Yuan's eyes lit up, but after pondering for a second, he still said:

"Cough...Father, my cultivation speed is so fast, in fact, Mr. Zhou is also credited for it. His exercises can assist me in cultivation."

He did not forget his promise to Zhou Chen.

Although this is just a sentence from him, to Zhou Chen it may represent a bottle of potion that can improve his cultivation.

This kind of thing is best forgotten.

There was silence for a moment, and the voice came again:

"Zhou Chen? The exercises he practiced really have this effect."

"En." Xu Yuan responded.

"not bad."

One praise.

It's just that I don't know if it's for Zhou Chen, or for Xu Yuan who can make Zhou Chen take the initiative to assist.

After a pause, the other end said:

"I will arrange things about Zhou Chen."

After all,

The familiar silence returned.

But this time it was only silent for less than ten seconds.

Xu Yuan hesitated slightly, but still said:

"Father, what is Qin Weijiu's background?"

"Um?"

Hearing this question, there was a doubt over there, and slowly replied: "Are you interested?"

When talking about this matter, the unsmiling and steady voice was clearly accompanied by a hint of a smile.

Si Ziyu and Ying'er reported to Xu Yinhe one by one their actions during these days.

He was very satisfied with the way the other party handled the matter of the Succubus.

Compared with his son's cultivation base, being willing to use his brain on the right path is what really comforts him.

Xu Yuan replied as a matter of course: "There must be. If it weren't for the natural condensed innate soul, body, mind, and soul, I might have been controlled by that fox at this time. Naturally, this matter should be concerned."

That Qin Weijiu even knew the funeral village, so the origin couldn't be too simple.

If he can't find out if he is young, the old man must have a way.

After hearing this, there was a moment of silence over there, and suddenly said:

"Okay, Changge, come and tell your brother about Qin Weijiu."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Well, no wonder the old man laughed at first.

It turned out that Xu Changge had been eavesdropping.

Do not talk about martial arts.

Imperial Capital, Xiangguo Mansion, Study Room.

The Tianyuan sandalwood specially provided by the royal family floated in the study room, and a slight breeze blew into the room along the open window lattice, scattering the sandalwood into every corner.

It was very quiet inside.

A spherical crystal several times smaller than the underground of Jingjiang Mansion quietly floated in mid-air.

One old and one young knelt before a tea tray carved with dragons and phoenixes, sipping and talking slowly.

The faces of the two are similar,

The young man has a handsome face and is dressed in a blue robe.

The elderly man has gray temples, is dressed in a black panlong robe, has an unsmiling demeanor, especially his eyes, which make people shudder at first glance.

It's just that at this moment, the middle-aged man's eyes are rarely filled with gentle smiles.

Xu Changge raised his eyes and looked at his father helplessly, and said softly to the younger brother who was claiming to be more talented than him:

"Qin Weijiu is quite an unusual person. I traveled with him in Jiangnan Mansion more than ten years ago. When we first met..."

"I know about this." The spherical crystal suddenly interrupted.

Xu Changge continued in a calm voice:

"At the Tianyuan Conference thirteen years ago, he and I..."

"I know this too." The spherical crystal in mid-air interrupted again.

Xu Changge silently glanced at his father opposite, saw that his expression was normal, and held back:

"Huh... Qin Weijiu is a member of the sect, and he came from a thousand-year-old family..."

"Oh..." Crystal sighed.

"..." Xu Changge clenched his fists slightly.

The center of gravity of the spherical crystal language:

"..Xu Changge, can you just get to the point?"


Xu Changge didn't continue talking, but softly called the other party's name:

"Xu Changtian."

"Um?"

"Keep your mouth shut."

"Oh, I'm wrong? Isn't these things known all over the world..."

"After a while, I have something to go to Jiuyuan City." Xu Changge said abruptly.


Xu Yuan was taken aback when he heard the words, and then immediately turned off the microphone.

Nine Yuan City,

Forty miles away from Jingjiang Mansion.

"Humph!"

Seeing that Xu Yuan stopped talking, Xu Changge snorted coldly, and told his brother about Qin Weijiu in a soft and slow voice.

The content is detailed and meticulous, almost covering most of the time experience of the other party from birth to the present.

And it focuses on a few important doubts.

After listening carefully, Xu Yuan felt a little touched.

obviously,

When he was indulging in cultivation, Xu Changge, the eldest brother, obviously put a lot of effort into finding out the details of Qin Weijiu.

long silence,

Xu Yuan suddenly asked in a slow voice:

"Father, do you know a place called Burial Village?"


		