

"continue."

"We can start again."

"time is limited."

"Don't be dazed, I'm already awake, continue."


There was no sound, no conversation.

In this cramped cave house deeply embedded in the mountain, there is only Xu Yuan's plain reminder every time he wakes up from the brink of death.

Every time Xu Yuan's voice sounded, it would become weaker.

With Ran Qingmo waking Xu Yuan up from the coma in advance, the time to wake up from the dying state was also shortened from about two hours to less than half an hour.

Passing on Qigong to heal wounds, you can use the energy of others to heal your own body.

But the qi passed into the body by others is not one's own after all.

Every time one imparts energy to heal an injury, some remnants of other people's qi will be left in one's own meridians.

This is a good thing when time is abundant.

With your own exercise, you can gradually refine the qi left in your body by others to improve your own cultivation.

However, too many transmissions of energy in a short period of time will cause a qualitative change in the qi remaining in the body of others, resulting in a hidden disease that is almost incurable.

Ran Qingmo explained the pros and cons to Xu Yuan, but Xu Yuan didn't care.

It is enough for him to shorten the time of entering the dying state from two hours to half an hour.

This is a good thing, which means that he will have more opportunities to adapt to the dying state, and make more preparations for the final practice of the Blood Heart Death Art.

Time passed quietly between the wandering of death again and again.

five times,

ten times,

twenty times,

thirty times......

Consciousness keeps reincarnating in front of the endless darkness of death, Xu Yuan has forgotten how many times he has entered a near-death state with her help.

He slowly opened his eyes.

With the shimmering light from the night pearl on the stone wall, the woman's beautiful and flawless face, and the thin ice on the surface of her body exuding a cold aura came into view.

"Mr. Ran...Mr. Ran."

His voice was weak and trembling, but it also meant that Xu Yuan was able to stabilize his mind and even speak in such a dying state.

Ran Qingmo raised her eyes silently, the eyes in her quiet eyes were complicated:

"you say."

Xu Yuan, who was covered in ice crystals, tried his best to keep his voice steady:

"The formation from the outside...how long will it be before it disappears?"

Ran Qingmo closed her eyes to sense, and after a while, she said softly:

"About two days left."

"Two days left..."

Xu Yuan sighed slightly.

Time is still too tight, even if you risk your life regardless of your hidden illness, it still took about three days to complete the third step.

Although there is not much time left, being anxious will not do any good, and preparations must be done, even if only once.

Moreover, Xu Yuan believed that after the prime minister's eldest son realized that he was cultivating, he would not take the risk of causing his younger brother to go mad and forcefully break into the wall.

So far, he can only gamble.

After a long silence, Xu Yuanfang trembled and said:

"The next day, I... I will start to run the exercises. If I go crazy, then... please."

Ran Qingmo nodded silently.

Seeing her serious eyes, Xu Yuan smiled lightly:

"Mr. Ran... I will officially start practicing in a day, please remind me."

"okay."



It was the first time to exercise kung fu in a near-death state, and it was much more difficult than Xu Yuan expected.

It wasn't because his consciousness couldn't be condensed, but because Ran Qingmo had too much Yuan Qi left in his body.

In the past few days, countless times of teaching and healing, almost all the meridians in Xu Yuan's body have turned into the shape of Ran Qingmo.

His physical talent is not good.

The blockage of each meridian is comparable to a narrow path, but now there is more ice blue source energy belonging to Ran Qingmo on this narrow path.

Those icy blue remnants of source qi covered the inner walls of every meridian in his body.

Under such circumstances, Xu Yuan wanted to guide his remaining source energy to run along the path of the exercises, but it was completely difficult.

After sensing this, Xu Yuan didn't have too many mood swings.

Or the words he has always believed in,

If there is a problem, then solve the problem.

The meridians in the body became narrower, so he was more careful when guiding Yuan Qi forward.

The time it takes for the practice to run a circle becomes longer, so he will forcefully stabilize his consciousness for a while in the dying state...


A day passed by in a hurry.

Waking up from a coma again,

The first thing Xu Yuan saw was her silently standing by his side.

The difference from before is that the place where he is lying now is the only jade bed in the cave.

Sitting up in silence, Xu Yuan glanced sideways at the jade bed.

On the white and flawless jade bed, two books of exercises were quietly stacked together, and next to them were the two bottles of precious pills needed for cultivation.

Watching silently, his thoughts were a little emotional. After more than a month, he finally reached the last step.

"Well, I... haven't seen your exercises."

It seemed that because of Xu Yuan's gaze that he had been watching for a long time, the big Bingtuozi beside him suddenly said this sentence without beginning or end.

Looking sideways, Xu Yuan smiled:

"I know."

There is nothing special about these two secret books, except for the content recorded, they are just ordinary pages. With Ran Qingmo's cultivation, if she wants to read them, she can use her mind and soul to probe them clearly even if she is tens of meters away.

Xu Yuan adjusted his posture silently and sat cross-legged on the jade bed.

Opening the two jade bottles, a mixed smell of blood and danxiang instantly permeated the narrow cave.

Spread the two elixirs in the palm of your hand, and the elixirs on them are simple and complicated.

Xu Yuan glanced at Ran Qingmo beside him for the last time, and half-joked:

"Mr. Ran, you should expect me to succeed, otherwise, this cave will be the burial place for both of us."


Ran Qingmo stared at him without saying a word.

She was still as seldom as when we first met.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan shook his head boredly, and didn't say any more, just raised his head and suffocated the two pills in one gulp.

The elixir melted in his mouth, and entered his body as two soft streams of warmth.

It doesn't hurt.

On the contrary, the two warm currents constantly spreading in the body even made people feel a little comfortable.

And at the moment when Xu Yuan's thought flashed, something happened suddenly!

One of the warm currents suddenly went berserk, turning into surging Yuan Qi and rushing down the Xu Yuan meridian!

The sudden intense pain made Xu Yuan's whole body uncontrollably bent into a shrimp.

The closed and narrow meridians simply cannot withstand such a huge impact of source qi.

Every inch that these source qi passed through, Xu Yuan's meridians would crack an inch, and the heart-wrenching pain of the shattered meridians made Xu Yuan almost lose his mind.

It hurts...so much pain!

The pain that penetrated into the bone marrow completely made it impossible to breathe, and the eyes turned black.

Fortunately, Xu Yuan's countless near-death experiences allowed him to forcibly stabilize his mind, so that he would not be directly stunned by the pain.

One quarter of an hour,

The violent medicinal power of the Emeteor Pill circled the one hundred and twenty-seven meridians in Xu Yuan's body.

Accompanied by the bone-piercing pain, Xu Yuan could feel that his 127 meridians had been broken inch by inch.

And his external body was no longer able to maintain the cross-legged posture, and his whole body was limp on the jade bed.

The despair that really belongs to death began to spread in my heart little by little...

But at this time, the second warm current belonging to the Blood Spirit Fusion Pill also began to spread into his broken meridians.

This warm current is warm and viscous, and every inch it passes through, it will bring a tingling warmth.

Xu Yuan sensed this situation, knew that the time had come, and immediately began to guide the medicinal power of the Blood Spirit Melting Body Pill to follow the route of the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art.

As the medicinal power of the Blood Spirit Fusion Pill spread and flowed through, the broken meridians in Xu Yuan's body began to be repaired little by little.

However, this is just the beginning.

The two medicinal powers belonging to the Ememe Pill and the Xueling Fusion Pill respectively began to circulate in the meridians in Xu Yuan's body in tandem.

Ememe Pill was in charge of demolition all the way in front, and Blood Spirit Melting Body Pill followed behind and repaired it all the way.

The constant intertwining of pain and comfort makes people crazy.

The meridian is broken and repaired, repaired and broken.

And again and again, round and round.

There is no time to practice.

As time goes by,

Xu Yuan found that his consciousness did not become blurred with the constant near-death and severe pain, but became more and more solid and clear.

I don't know how long after,

Xu Yuan could even spare a part of his mind to sense the qi floating between heaven and earth around him.

Previously, only three or two weak "Qi clusters" could be sensed in this cave, but at this moment, with the continuous operation of the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art, there are more and more.

His pale face gradually became rosy, his breath as thin as a gossamer gradually stabilized, and everything was moving towards stability.

besides,

It was just that some strange pictures flowed into Xu Yuan's mind like a trickling stream.

It's like watching a stream of consciousness movie.

Fragmented and complicated, but can be connected into one piece.

Feel carefully,

Xu Yuan quickly realized something was wrong.

Is this picture Xu Changtian's memory?

With the perfect integration of the soul and the body, these residual memories in the body began to appear in Xu Yuan's mind little by little.

There are trivial matters of washing and bathing in life,

There are bullying men and women on the street relying on their family background,

There are also safari out on horseback,

There are even outrageous cases where the three young masters took medicine and forcibly played with one dragon and five phoenixes in the Zuixian Tower...

The picture goes from blurry to clear, many, many.

However, to Xu Yuan's surprise, Xu Changtian didn't have much about his father in his memories.

Most of the time, the other party has only one back, which makes him feel fearful.

fear?

When Xu Yuan realized that the back figure flashed in his mind just now, he also felt a faint sense of fear.

He was affected by these memories.

Thinking up to this point, Xu Yuan quickly calmed down and stopped thinking about that Xiangguo.

But the next moment, those memories still flooded into my mind uncontrollably.

Compared to that lofty father, Xu Changtian's most impressive memory is his elder brother.

With the influx of memories, Xu Yuan realized that his body was even more afraid of Xu Changge than his father.

Almost a bone-deep fear.

Just thinking about the other party, Xu Yuan found that his body was trembling slightly.

Well, how scared do you have to be to have this kind of reaction...?

Soon, Xu Yuan got the answer from those memories.

Scenes of memory locks emerged in front of my eyes.

"Trash! You can't even do this kind of thing well!"

"If I see you humiliating outside again, I will beat you to death for my father."

"You bastard, look at the good things you did in Imperial Capital!"

"Cultivation is not enough, the imperial examination is not good, Xu Changtian, can you learn from your second brother and fourth sister?!"

"Hahahaha...Xu Changtian! It's really impressive to see each other after three days. I've only been on an envoy to Beiman for three months, and you've just come home to do such a good thing, okay you! Now Lian Wu Chenghou's Granddaughter, you dare to move, don’t you?! Ying’er, bring me the whip, the thickest one!”

"..." Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan remained silent as these scenes appeared in his mind.

Xu Changge was ten years older than Xu Changtian, his father was busy with affairs in the court, so his eldest brother Xu Changge almost brought him up.

It's just that this eldest brother's education method is quite simple and rude.

Speaking of beating, he really beat him, and it was the kind of beating to death.

The memories belonging to Xu Changtian are still constantly resurfacing in his mind, and Xu Yuan clearly feels that his emotions are being affected by the other party.

He doesn't want to do that,

However, at this moment, he has no choice but to accept silently.

memory stretches,

Just as the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art was about to be completed, Xu Yuan's mind suddenly went blank.

Those lingering memories just now seemed to be emptied in an instant.

Just when Xu Yuan was wondering,

A sword appeared in his consciousness.

A sword that seems to have pierced through the entire Tianmen Mountain.

However, the sword appeared quickly and dissipated quickly, and it dissipated in his consciousness almost instantly...



After the exercise was completed, Xu Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

The memory is still there, but those emotions are gone.

But, what was the sword that finally appeared in his mind?

With his eyes flickering, Xu Yuan suddenly recalled the sword intent he felt when he looked at the Heavenly Gate from the hanging cliff.

At that time, I didn't think deeply because of the urgency of the matter, but now there are many things wrong with the soft sound.

The sword appeared in my mind, probably because of the gaze at that time.

but why?

The Tianmen on Tianmen Mountain has existed for at least ten thousand years, and there are more than ten thousand people who have seen it. Why do chances appear when they come to him?

After thinking about it, the only difference Xu Yuan found was that he did not belong to this world.

Could it be that only the mind and soul of the traverser can sense the sword intent that has survived for thousands of years?

This reason is a bit abstract.

Xu Yuan couldn't figure it out, so he put it down for now.

And at this time,

Ran Qingmo's voice came softly from beside him:

"The formation outside has disappeared, and they are coming."

Xu Yuan glanced at her, then reached out to pick up the Blood Origin Heart Falling Jue on the jade bed, and said in a flat tone:

"understood."

During the talk,

As the kung fu worked, traces of bright red Yuan Qi emerged from between his fingers and coiled around it.

next moment,

Wisps of flames ignited, and the solitary copy of the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art disappeared from the world.

Like the "Frozen Cloud Step" in Ran Qingmo's kung fu, there are many ways to use it, and the flame in front of him is one of them.

Dispose of stolen goods that might reveal your identity,

Putting on the blood-red blood jade glazed robe,

Xu Yuan began to methodically remove all useful things in the cave.

Put the Xumi ring on the bedside on the index finger, and put the jade bed and the spiritual spring into the Xumi ring.

paused,

Xu Yuan glanced at the luminous pearl on the stone wall, and took advantage of the opportunity to include it in the ring.

for a while,

The cave was plunged into complete darkness.

Nothing happened in the dark, so Xu Yuan sat cross-legged and began to try to cultivate.

He was looking forward to the speed of cultivation of the innate Taoist body.

And when his mind and soul diverged, he immediately noticed the gap.

Different from the three or two "Qi groups" sensed earlier, at this moment, under the induction of Yihun, Xu Yuan only felt his whole body fell into a dazed sea of ​​Qi......

What Xu Yuan didn't know was that,

Ran Qingmo beside him had been staring at him silently in the darkness with a pair of quiet eyes, his expression was a little hesitant to speak.

time slips by,

suddenly,

"that……"

Hearing the voice, Xu Yuan slowly opened his eyes and looked at Ran Qingmo.

"My name is Ran Qingmo." Ran Qingmo.


Xu Yuan wondered why she would say this.

Although he always called her Mr. Ran, Xu Yuan remembered that he had mentioned her name when he was in the Buddhist hall.

He nodded slightly:

"I know."

After speaking, he closed his eyes again.

Paused for ten seconds,

Xu Yuan opened his eyes again, poured Yuan Qi into his eyes and found that the woman beside him was still staring at him without blinking.

Wei Wei froze for a moment, and immediately realized that she was asking his name.

Having been together day and night for so long, she still doesn't know his name.

Subconsciously wanted to say his name, but stopped when the words came to his lips.

Eyes flicker for a moment,

Xu Yuan's eyes lowered slowly, he let out a breath, and the corner of his lips curled up into a chuckle of unknown meaning:

"My name is....

"Xu Changtian."


		