

"Can't remember?"

Zhou Chen's eyes blurred by alcohol were instantly clear, and he murmured, "Yes...someone targeted the third young master by interfering with memory?"

Xiangguo and that Marquis Wu Cheng are loyal royalists, and they have never dealt with Lord Xiangguo in the court. After this incident, the conflict will inevitably become more intensified.

But as soon as the words fell, Zhou Chen suddenly turned his head to look at Si Ziyu, with strange and surprised eyes:

"No, didn't you just say that you were in charge of the third son's safety at that time? He doesn't remember, can you, a great master, remember?"


A bleak wind blew across the sky, and the robes of the two of them rattled.

Si Ziyu looked at Zhou Chen quietly for two seconds, then shook his head gently:

"Yeah, I don't remember either."

"People from the Primordial Realm?"

"I don't know. It is said that Lord Xiangguo has arranged for shadow guards to investigate for more than a year, but there is still nothing."

Zhou Chen was silent for a long time, took a big gulp of spicy wine, and let out a long breath:

"Tsk, it's a troubled time, but fortunately I was transferred to Jingjiang City to protect the third son..."

"Don't forget the mission that the eldest son entrusted to us." Si Ziyu said.

Hearing this, Zhou Chen rubbed his fluffy hair lazily, waved his hands, and said casually:

"Isn't it just teaching the third son to practice, I know, don't worry..."


In the main room in the attic, Xu Yuan was panting heavily.

At this moment, all kinds of expensive furniture in the wing room have been dismantled by him.

Except, of course, the bed you wake up in.

After all, after removing it, Xu Yuan could only sleep on the floor.

But now it's so tiring to tear down a house, I guess the physical strength is not as good as the Erha who was raised in the family in the previous life.

This frail body has not changed much because of the innate body, it is still the same as before.

Practicing breathing, breathing, and accumulating source qi did gradually improve and strengthen his physique, but Xu Yuancai just started practicing, this change is not obvious yet.

Standing on the spot and taking two deep breaths, Xu Yuan retreated to the bed and began to sit cross-legged to adjust his breath.

Xu Yuan's rapid breathing quickly calmed down as the Blood Yuan Xinjue began to function.

As he formally started practicing, Xu Yuan actually discovered many interesting things.

For example, there are actually many sets of different meridian circulation routes inside a perfect exercise to suit different situations.

There is one way when healing, another way when practicing, and another way when fighting, and so on.

Several sets of operating routes complement each other, but they are distinct.

For another example, the strength of all cultivators can actually be divided into two stages.

The first stage is the normal stage. In human terms, it is the time when the cultivator does not practice the exercises.

At this stage, practitioners rely entirely on the hard power accumulated in past cultivation.

Just like the scabbards that Ran Qingmo used to tame the big white tiger, Xu Yuan reckoned that they were all based on her past practice accumulation, without any added skills.

The second stage is when the internal exercises of the cultivator start to work.

The operation of the exercises will greatly increase the strength of the cultivator.

The specific amplification effect will continue to increase according to the efficiency of the cultivator's operation.

Just like when he faced the rattan that Xu Changge drew earlier.

For the first two whips, he only needed to dodge them partially, but for the third whip, he had to use all his strength to continue.

Moreover, Xu Yuan judged that the different types of exercises would also make the effect of this amplification different.

The more powerful the technique, the stronger the boost effect it will bring.

So far, Xu Yuan has practiced two kinds of exercises, so he can compare them.

One is the "Lotus Sword Jue" passed down by Ran Qingmo, and the other is the "Blood Origin Heart Falling Jue" at the current blood level.

The boost effects of the two are not at the same level at all.

Under the blessing of the Blood Yuan Xinjue, whether it is endurance, reaction speed, or strength, Xu Yuan has faintly exceeded the scope of normal people.

certainly,

The benefits of the exercises are far more than that, and there are also some accompanying exercises.

Just like Xu Yuan's bloody flame, like Ran Qingmo's Frozen Cloud Step.

The more he practiced, the more Xu Yuan admired the cultivation system of this world.

As for why the cultivator can't keep the kung fu in operation all the time, and maintain the strongest combat power to prevent sneak attacks.

One is because the meridian is very fragile. Except for some special constitutions, the cultivator cannot run the exercises at full strength for a long time, and the long-term high-load operation will damage the meridian.

The second is because the meridian operation route in the combat state will continuously consume the source energy in the body.

After adjusting his body to the best condition, Xu Yuan took out two bottles of pills from his Sumeru Ring.

A bottle of Qinglin Pill and a bottle of Humai Pill, take out a pill each and eat with your head up, then close your eyes and enter the cultivation state.

The two medicinal powers spread out in the body.

A thin film of essence medicine also appeared on the inner wall of his meridians, and at the same time Xu Yuan felt that his mind and soul seemed to be stimulated by some kind of stimulation and became more clear.

The effect is so obvious that Xu Yuan has never taken a few pills of the early-stage magic medicine in the game of "Cangyuan".

Without wasting any more time, Xu Yuan poked out his mind and soul, and Xu Yuan immediately felt the viscous Yuan Qi around him that had condensed into a liquid state.

A trace of surprise surfaced in my heart.

Back then, he had never felt such a viscous source of energy in the cave where there was a pool of spiritual pools.

As Xu Changge's means of transportation, the Xuanying Pavilion is naturally covered with various formations, among which are naturally helpful for the cultivation of the spirit-gathering formation.

The effect of the gathering spirit formation includes the effect of the spirit locking formation, but there is a big difference in the places where it is used.

The spirit lock array is more concealed, so that the source energy in a space will not leak out, and it is mostly used in the place of the spirit spring and the spirit eye.

The Spirit Gathering Formation gathers the surrounding energy and is mostly used in open places. After it is completed, the fluctuation of the energy gathered can be easily perceived by others.

But looking at the source qi that has been condensed into a liquid state, even if there is a spirit gathering array in this room, it is impossible to have this effect.

Xu Yuan thought to himself, he didn't start to practice immediately, but started to wander in the liquid source qi ocean to find the source of these source qi.

He judged that there should be treasures in the old brother's wing.

The talent of the innate soul body was once again manifested, Xu Yuan finally detected the source of these liquid source qi in the subtle flow of the source qi.

Opening his eyes, Xu Yuan walked slowly to the center of the wing.

There was a second of silence, the kung fu was activated, and bloody flames emerged from Xu Yuan's fist, and then smashed towards the ground with a single punch.

"boom!"

The sawdust splashed in the air, and Xu Yuan was directly sent flying by a strong shock force.

"Boom!"

With a muffled sound, it hit the wooden wall heavily.

Xu Yuan was dizzy for a while, and even the kung fu that had been running in his body was broken up by the shock force.

When Xu Yuan struggled to get up and looked up again, he saw a white bead with a diameter of half a foot appeared under the cracked floor!


		