

Some people are broad-minded and can hold the whole world, while others are narrow-minded and can only hold themselves.

Xu Yuan never thought it was the former, nor did he think he was the latter. His heart was not too big or too small, just enough to hold the important people around him.

He's just an ordinary guy.

It is almost enough to be able to repay kindness with kindness, repay revenge with hatred, and repay revenge without kindness.

Xu Yuan may understand Xu Xinyao's behavior if he abandons the God's perspective of knowing that the world is doomed to chaos.

Her words are not just words, she has been practicing her words and working hard for them.

But her final choice is indeed a revenge.

If at the end of the plot, when her father and brothers had all died, Xu Xinyao could simply choose to kill herself in order to repay her kindness, then the indifference and even disgust that Xu Yuan had accumulated towards this character in the previous plots would probably disappear.

But she didn't.

While feeling guilty, Xin Fu, who was reunited with the protagonist of the plot, lived on.

Because of this, disgust.



"Third Young Master...Third Young Master? Third Young Master!"


The voice from beside him made Xu Yuan slowly recover from his thoughts. Looking sideways, he saw Zhou Chen looking at him with a smile:

"You don't look very well... Are you thinking about what happened just now?"

Before the eldest son left, he specifically asked them to pay attention to the third son.

The third son, who was originally a tyrannical character, turned ugly because he killed an offending person. This news is quite thought-provoking.

"What happened just now?"

Xu Yuan glanced at him, but happened to see a few nurses carrying a stretcher covered with white cloth out of the wing room just now, and they did not forget to flinch and glance at him while walking.

Xue Yong seemed to be dead.

Although he didn't give the order to die, the death of the other party was also expected.

The first time he ordered to kill someone, he felt a little uncomfortable psychologically.

However, Xu Yuan just shook his head lightly:

"Well, you mentioned that bitch, and it reminded me of something from the past."

After finishing speaking, he didn't explain much, and turned his attention to the young lady on the stage in the lobby.

While he was in a daze, the dancers above had changed.

It was replaced by a pair of beautiful twin girls with very similar faces.

Perhaps because of the art design of "Cangyuan", the ancient costumes in this world have the style of the previous life.

The two women are both pink-wrapped breasts, long skirts with slits, slender waists and jade legs, and long sleeves fluttering.

Just the right amount of captivating.

Seeing Xu Yuan's gaze, Zhou Chen suddenly laughed and said:

"Third Young Master, have you recuperated?"

"Yeah." Xu Yuan didn't deny it.

According to the degree of organ hidden disease that he had previously perceived, Xu Yuan originally thought that he would have to recuperate slowly for at least a year and a half, but it turned out that it only took less than a month.

It may be because of the blood yuan heart, or it may be because of his current physique.

Zhou Chen grinned when he heard the words, moved a little closer with a wine gourd, and lowered his voice:

"Third son, the two sisters, Zi Ye and Zi Hua, have met. I watch them dance here every day. My sister's waist, my sister's legs, tsk tsk...Although it is a bit expensive, it is definitely worth it."

"Why don't you, Third Young Master, order them up?"


Xu Yuan stared at Zhou Chen in front of him speechlessly.

Familiarity is familiarity, but this master is too down-to-earth.

The top floor of the Drunken Immortal Building, once booked, has brought many beautiful maids and sisters with it, and it is indeed possible to call the red lady in the wing below to come up.

But calling these red ladies in the side room to come up requires extra money.

And just like the descriptions in those conventional novels, these red ladies who have their own rooms on the ninth to eleventh floors have a certain degree of autonomy to choose, and Zuixianlou will give priority to respecting their own wishes.

But because of Xu Yuan's status, their wishes seemed dispensable.

Ordinary princes can also do this, but most of them will not choose to do so because of the loss of reputation.

But does Xu Yuanxu Changtian's reputation still need to be defeated?

Not to mention the red ladies, even those pure ladies who live on the twelfth floor, or even let the charming old bustard come up to serve the bed by himself, it is not negotiable.

It's nothing more than adding money.

Just steal more calligraphy, paintings and antiques at home and go out to buy them. The worst thing is that there is a pile of manuscripts left by my cheap father when he practiced calligraphy in the study room at home.

The handwriting of the Prime Minister's manuscripts is a hard currency in the calligraphy circle, and those arty rich businessmen and officials are rare.

Smiling, Xu Yuan snorted lightly:

"Mr. Zhou, I've said it all, I don't want to be a fellow with you."

Zhou Chen was obviously a little disappointed, so he opened his mouth and muttered in a low voice:

"If you don't want to be a fellow, can't I go through the back door..."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Seeing the slightly twitching corners of Xu Yuan's eyes, Zhou Chen coughed lightly, his eyes were frivolous, and he said with a smile:

"Hey, third young master, you won't want to be close to women in the future, and you'll have to do penance? This isn't like you~"

"Penancery?"

Xu Yuan murmured softly, then stared down at his palm, did not answer, but asked softly:

"Mr. Zhou, may I ask about your cultivation talent?"

"what?"

Zhou Chen didn't seem to expect that Xu Yuan would suddenly ask him about it, and after a pause, he still replied:

"One hundred and twenty-seven meridians, I was born with ninety-six, and the strength of the mind and soul is also top-notch."

talking,

He stroked his stubble and grinned:

"Should be considered a genius."

"In this way, Mr. Zhou is indeed a genius."

"Hehe, it's okay." Zhou Chen waved his hand and said with a smile.

Xu Yuan didn't smile. After a soft compliment, he stared at Zhou Chen's smiling face and asked suddenly:

"Since you dare to say that you are a genius, how can Mr. Zhou still make progress in his cultivation?"

"..." Zhou Chen.

Look at each other and be silent.

If Zhou Chen really fell into a bottleneck and couldn't improve his cultivation, then Xu Yuan's words were already a blatant sarcasm.


As expected, Xu Yuan's words made the smile on Zhou Chen's face gradually stiffen, and then disappeared.

It is clear,

Zhou Chen's cultivation was indeed stuck by a bottleneck, and he had been troubled by it for a long time.

Zhou Chen's originally lazy eyes gradually became more meaningful because of the ridicule of the three young masters.

Xu Yuan's eyes turned cold little by little, and he looked at him.

After looking at each other for a while, Xu Yuancai said:

"Zhou Chen, you don't have to look at me that way. To get to this point, you will naturally not be a person who is idle by nature, but now you are so indulgent all day long. It is not difficult to deduce that you have encountered a bottleneck and can't get over it."

Xu Yuan called Zhou Chen by his name directly for the first time.

And with words,

Xu Yuan's long and narrow eyes narrowed little by little:

"I stayed with Ran Qingmo for more than two months, and she is practicing all the time."

"Zhou Chen, I'm curious."

Xu Yuan's eyes showed a hint of irony called curiosity just right:

"If you can practice without bottlenecks like Ran Qingmo, will you still be as wanton and indulgent as you are now?"

words fall,

Zhou Chen understood what Xu Yuan meant and fell silent.

The hustle and bustle below the hall, the coolness and silence on the top floor.

Xu Yuan stared at Zhou Chen's eyes, and paused every word:

"Zhou Chen, answer me."


Zhou Chen's eyes flickered for a moment, then lowered his eyes, slightly bowed and clasped his fists:

"Third Young Master, I offended you just now."


		