

To enter the cave in "Cangyuan", you only need to jump off the cliff, and when the screen goes black and then lights up, you are already in the cave.

And when all these turned into the reality of personal experience, the volley fall seems endless.

With the gusts of wind whizzing past his ears, an inexplicable sleepiness gradually hit Xu Yuan's heart, and quickly turned into heavy fatigue and spread to all limbs and bones of his body.

Time seems to have no concept in this process of falling, Xu Yuan finally closed his eyes gradually, and his consciousness was withdrawn from his body bit by bit.

Between the clouds and mist that can't be seen at a glance, there are only two people embracing each other...


On the top of the cliff hanging from the sky, the cold wind blows and blows.

Since Xu Yuan voluntarily jumped off the cliff, in less than a quarter of an hour, four or five figures have already arrived on this huge cliff.

a moment of silence,

There was another sound of breaking through the air, and two figures, a man and a woman, landed on the top of the mountain one after another.

The bearded man with the sword on his back glanced around, a smile appeared on his face immediately, he waved to the people around him and said hello:

"It's quite early, where is the third son?"


There was silence on the top of the mountain, and no one paid any attention to him.

The bearded man didn't feel embarrassed, he was used to working with everyone for so long.

These rotten people like to pretend to be experts without talking.

And at this time,

Beside Xuan Tianya, a feminine man leaning against a tree trunk with his hands folded on his chest suddenly glanced at him, with a smile in his eyes, but his voice was neither cold nor cold:

"Zhou Chen, the third son was taken away by a woman, and the mist under the cliff can block the soul's investigation."

The bearded man looked towards the man when he heard the words, his eyes twitched.

next moment,

The bearded man appeared next to this old friend in an instant, and said with a smile:

"Hey, Si Ziyu, you are getting more and more proficient in your Qi Containing Technique. I didn't even notice you if you didn't speak."

While talking, the bearded man wanted to put his arm around his shoulder affectionately:

"Long time no see. Didn't you go to accompany His Royal Highness on a mission to Beiman? When did you come back? After finishing this matter, brother Jingjiang City invites you to drink in Zuixian Tower... ..”

But his words have not yet spoken....

"Om—"

A slight air shock spread from Si Ziyu's body, directly shaking Zhou Chen's outstretched hand away, and reminded in a cold voice:

"The eldest son has already gone down to the Xuantian Cliff, restrain yourself."

Zhou Chen felt his palm go numb for a while, and shook it lightly, but he didn't continue to make friends with the other party:

"Okay, let's talk about drinking in private."

finished speaking,

Zhou Chen also calmed down and turned his attention to the huge python's head in the middle of the mountain.

The pair of snake pupils on the head of the seven-life python were still open, and after a long time of precipitation, the dead air emanating from it almost enveloped the entire mountain top.

If the big monster is not dealt with after death, it will corrupt the land and breed genitals, but this death energy obviously does not pose the slightest threat to everyone present.

After staring at it for a while, Zhou Chen's eyes showed a hint of embarrassment.

Obviously two days ago, he traced the whereabouts of this giant python through the traces of the battle, but now goodbye, the other party has only one head left.

A big monster who has practiced for thousands of years will die if he dies just like that.

Feeling emotional, Zhou Chen suddenly asked Si Ziyu beside him casually:

"Ziyu, which one of you arrived first?"

Si Ziyu glanced into the distance silently.

Zhou Chen followed suit.

Beside a big rock tens of meters away, a bald man with a benevolent face was sitting there with his eyes closed.

As if sensing the sight of the two, the bald head opened his eyes and nodded at them.

Si Ziyu knew what Zhou Chen wanted to ask, and said softly:

"Juexing and I came all the way. After he was locked by Ran Qingmo's mind and soul, we took the initiative to transmit the sound to her."

Zhou Chen's pupils shrank, and his eyes swept to the other side of the cliff:

"What? The monk Juexing has passed on the message, but Ran Qingmo still escaped with the third young master?"

Si Ziyu nodded slowly and said:

"Yes, you should know what this means, right? Zhou Chen, the national teacher and Mr. Xiangguo..."

"No, Si Ziyu, shut up."

Zhou Chen quickly waved his hand to interrupt Si Ziyu's words: "I don't know what this means. I don't know anything. I'll buy you a drink next time I have a chance. Let's go first."

As he spoke, Zhou Chen raised his hand and patted Si Ziyu's shoulder, turned around and left without giving Si Ziyu a chance to speak.


Si Ziyu glanced at the contemporary helplessly, but didn't say anything, and continued to lean against the tree trunk to rest.

Zhou Chen walked back slowly to the side of the woman in the ponytail, with a slightly ugly expression on his face.

He knew what Si Ziyu wanted to say.

It would be fine if Ran Qingmo didn't know their identities, but now she still escaped knowing that the person who came was from their Xiangguo Mansion, so she could directly confirm her identity as the murderer who kidnapped the third son.

It's fine if the murderer is someone else, but behind Ran Qingmo is Jianzong, the national teacher of the dynasty!

The occurrence of such a thing, does it mean that there is some unknown gap between Mr. Xiangguo and the national teacher?

You must know that there are rumors in the palace that the emperor's health is not very good. If these two fight together...

Zhou Chen quickly stopped his thoughts. This kind of thing is not something he should think about as a guest who is waiting to receive a salary. He just waits for the eldest son to arrange it honestly.

Zhou Chen, who was the most talkative, fell silent, and for a while, the entire mountain top was dead silent.

The seven people present were all quietly waiting for the arrival of the eldest son.

time passed by,

Suddenly, a gust of hurricane swept past, and a piece of green clothes quietly jumped up from the bottom of the cliff, and landed on the edge of the cliff.

The visitor has sword eyebrows and star eyes, plump and handsome, wearing a black python robe with narrow sleeves, the cuffs are embroidered with auspicious clouds in gold thread, and a red and white jade belt is worn around his waist. His sleeves and ink-like hair flutter gently with the mountain wind.

And instead of leaping up, there was a slim woman in shadow guard attire.

The woman covered her face with a black veil, only a pair of cold eyes could be seen. She was wearing a thin tight black dress with a bumpy bust line. The dress revealed two white arms, and a pair of Hidden Sword gauntlets on the bare forearms, shining in the sun. There was a gloomy cold light below.

Following the arrival of the man, the seven people on the top of the mountain got up one after another.

Xu Changge, who was dressed in Tsing Yi, ignored the people behind him and just stared quietly at the sea of ​​fog below.

half an hour,

Xu Changge shook his head helplessly, and murmured softly:

"Dianyuan Illusory Fog Formation... Oh, it really has been premeditated for a long time, and Ran Qingmo actually knew that there is such a maze here."

While talking, Xu Changge slowly turned around and looked at the people behind him, smiling slightly.

Under the blessing of Yuan Qi, his gentle voice was accurately transmitted to the ears of everyone present:

"This formation was built along with Tianmen Mountain, and it cannot be broken by force. However, after one month, when the source energy is exhausted, the fog will dissipate. But during this period, I will trouble you gentlemen to wait here again."

After finishing speaking, Xu Changge bowed his hands to everyone present.

Seeing this, Zhou Chen and the others did not speak, and silently saluted.

After all this is done,

Xu Changge glanced sideways at the woman behind him, and said softly:

"By the way, Ying'er, don't follow me for now, just wait."

The eyes of the slender woman dressed as a shadow guard froze slightly, and her voice was slightly hoarse:

"Young master, where are you going?"

Xu Changge glanced at the head of the seven-life python who was dying, but didn't speak.

Ying'er seemed to realize something, but she hadn't had time to speak yet.

A gust of hurricane lifted Xu Changge's figure off the ground.

And those who soar with him,

And the huge python head over ten meters above the mountain!

Xu Changge stood in the air, with long hair fluttering behind him, a pair of black eyes looking down, and his voice was very soft:

"Gentlemen, I need to leave for Gu Yuan temporarily. The journey is far away and I may not be able to return within a month. Ran Qingmo will be handed over to the gentlemen. Don't hold back, just find her and kill her directly. As for Chang Tian... ..."

Speaking of this, Xu Changge suddenly changed the subject, and the soft eyes in the pair of sword eyes became cold and piercing, slowly swept over everyone present, paused word by word, and spoke softly:

"Although Chang Tian is very stupid, even though he is an out-and-out trash, no matter how trash he is, he cannot be disciplined by outsiders."

"I also implore you, gentlemen, to ensure Chang Tian's safety."

"Three years ago, Chang'an had already left. Now if something happens to Changtian again, what will my father do? As a son, I can't stop him."


silence.

The air on the hanging cliff seemed to freeze because of the words of the man in Tsing Yi.

Because of the second young master's death, many people died in Dijing.

long silence,

Xu Changge's handsome face once again regained the gentleness of the past, and he smiled and said loudly:

"I'll leave Chang Tian to all of you. After the hard work of the gentlemen, Chang Ge will truthfully tell my father afterwards."

After the words fell, Xu Changge bowed his hands to the people below, and then he and the huge python's head turned into a stream of light, and went towards the west...


		