

In Xu Yuan's previous life, he had seen many mansions built in wetland parks, but he had never seen a wetland park built in mansions. It was a fulfillment of the story in his previous life that every toilet required a car.

Walking in the garden, Xu Yuan saw many servants and maids busy.

Consistent with the memory of the original body, some of the pretty maids in Jingjiang Xu's mansion were not afraid of him, the notorious playboy.

Walking all the way, several maids even faintly wanted to post it.

Probably for them, no matter what the end result is, being on the list as the third son of Xiangguo Mansion is the only way for them to rise up in this life.

Walk through the garden and enter the reception hall of Xu Mansion.

The huge hall looks very quiet, and the bright pattern lamps hanging on the wall emit bursts of light.

As far as I can remember, most of the time here is idle.

Only very rarely, when some important officials of the Jingjiang Mansion came to give gifts, would the stewards of the mansion personally receive them here.

The seventh-rank officials in front of the prime minister's gate, not to mention managing affairs, receiving gifts and other things are all entrusted to them.

After entering the lobby, Xu Yuan did not enter the inner room in a hurry, but first took out some bank notes from the back of a picture hanging on the wall of the reception lobby.

Not many, with a denomination of one thousand taels, and only two.

There are treasures everywhere in this huge Xu Mansion, which were originally hidden.

Daddy Cheap won't take care of his absurd things, but Xu Changge and Xu Changan will take care of his two elder brothers.

Sometimes even the fourth sister has to take care of it.

The original body couldn't beat these three robbers,

As long as he is found out, all the money he has worked so hard to save as a seller will be taken away.

As time passed, the original body learned to break things up into pieces very cleverly.

This time Xu Yuan made a special trip around the garden outside the mansion to take away the money that he hadn't had time to take last time.

Excluding the five thousand taels previously rewarded to Zhou Chen, there is still nearly twenty thousand taels left.

If memory is correct, there are still tens of thousands of taels of silver bills hidden in Yuan's mansion in the imperial capital.

Of course, there have been examples of dust-cleaning servants stealing money before, but after being found out by the steward and hanged and beaten to death in public, even if some servants knew about the money, few dared to move it.

Human life, especially the life of ordinary people, is really worthless in this extraordinary world.

With all the money back, the rest is cultivation.

Xu's mansion has a dedicated practice room, and there is a built-in spiritual spring, which is locked by the spirit lock array to prevent it from leaking out.

The practice room is divided into inner and outer courtyards.

The source of Qi in the outer courtyard is relatively thin, and the servants of the nursing courtyard can use it at will in their spare time.

If the source of Qi in the inner courtyard is strong, you need to pay a silver fee on time, or a contribution from within the Xiangguo Mansion in exchange for a time limit for the reward.

Xu Yuan naturally did not have to follow these rules.

Guided by the concierge respectfully, he directly entered the innermost room where Lingquan was located.

After the concierge left, Xu Yuan took out the source crystal that Xu Changge had given him, took the medicine again, closed his eyes and began to perform exercises to breathe out source qi.

Zhou Chen came over the next day.

After arranging the matter that Xu Yuan asked to investigate, he immediately rushed to Xu Yuan's training room.

Because he said that his skills can assist Xu Yuan in his cultivation.

this point,

He did not forget.


There is no time to practice.

Xu Yuan found that Zhou Chen's exercises were extremely effective in assisting his cultivation.

After the spirit is introduced into the acupoints and meridians by the mind soul, even the top-notch exercise like the Blood Origin Heart Meteor Art needs to run along the acupoints and meridians for more than ten laps to transform these natural qi into its own source qi.

And with Zhou Chen's assistance in refining, Xu Yuan's kung fu can be completely refined in just one or two laps, and he doesn't need to be distracted to control his mind and soul to gather Qi.

The nearly ten-fold increase in the speed of cultivation made Xu Yuan's mind confused, but after adapting, he was ecstatic.

You must know that the reason why the innate dao body is called the innate dao body is that there is almost no bottleneck before reaching the level of the great master.

At this speed, his strength will grow extremely fast.

Practice, practice, and practice.

With the blessings of top-level pills, source crystals, locking arrays, and Zhou Chen's refining assistance, the speed of innate Taoist body cultivation can only be described as thousands of miles a day......

I don't know how much time has passed,

In the secret room lit by Mingwen lamps, there was silence.

Sitting cross-legged in the middle, the young man in brocade robe still quietly closed his eyes, while the forehead of the bearded man beside him was already beaded with sweat.

Zhou Chen looked at Xu Yuan, who was practicing with his eyes closed, with a sore face, and wanted to open his mouth several times, but finally swallowed the words.

For ten days, the third son hadn't touched the nest.

When I was hungry, I took out a cup from Xumijie and drank a sip of the spiritual spring. When the medicinal power of the elixir was exhausted, I immediately took out a few small jade bottles, took a few pills, and swallowed them in my mouth.

As a grand master,

Zhou Chen naturally saw what kind of elixir was contained in those jade bottles.

Made.

The raw materials for refining these elixirs are already capable of refining elixir powders that can improve his cultivation, but now these top-level medicinal materials are all refined into elixirs that assist low-level practitioners in their cultivation.

More importantly, Zhou Chen found himself a bit overwhelmed.

The breathing speed of these three young masters is too fast.

Refining the source qi outside the body and refining the source qi in the acupoints and meridians in the body are completely two concepts.

The difference between the two can be said to be more than a hundred times more difficult.

But no matter how you say him, Zhou Chen is also a great master.

The third son is only a ninth-grade forged body, even with the blessing of elixirs and source crystals, he should not be able to breathe so quickly.

it seems...

These three sons not only have innate Taoism,

The cultivation method should also be the best method in the world!

After a moment of flickering in his mind, Zhou Chen settled down and concentrated on running the exercises to assist Xu Yuan in his practice.

Maybe,

Now the third son is really worth his big bet.

The practice room was so quiet, the source of energy flowed slowly in silence.

The kung fu went round and round, and Xu Yuan was like a greedy sponge, sucking up the endless stream of pure energy around him.

Time seems to have no scale in this cramped practice room.

until,

There was a soft "pop" sound from inside.

Like the previous two times, Xu Yuan felt that something in his body was broken without warning.

He is, broke through again?

Feeling the fluctuation of Yuan Qi in his body, Xu Yuan slowly stopped the exercise and raised his eyes to look at Zhou Chen opposite.

Before he could speak, Zhou Chen laughed first and said:

"Congratulations, young master, for breaking through the eighth-grade tempering vein."

His voice is very soft, but it can be heard clearly in the silent practice room.

Hearing this, Xu Yuan confirmed that he had indeed broken through to the eighth rank.

Because I didn't encounter any difficulties, naturally I couldn't talk about much joy.

But breaking through and becoming stronger is a good thing after all.

After a pause, Xu Yuan nodded slightly:

"Mr. Zhou has worked hard."

"It's okay, I'm just a little tired."

Zhou Chen shook his head and smiled, but his face was faintly pale.

Of course, this is what he pretended.

Giving Ninth Rank assistance would not damage the inner qi of a great master, it was just a little tired.

But think about it with your brain, the third son has experienced this time, and he will definitely let him assist in cultivation in the future.

For such a tiring thing, he needs some benefits.

When Xu Yuan saw this, he knew it, but he didn't care.

If the subordinates really have no desires, then they should worry.

Moreover, there are bound to be many restrictions on helping others refine Yuan Qi, and it is rare for Zhou Chen's exercises to break through such restrictions.

But besides money, he couldn't give Zhou Chen what he really wanted for the time being.

After pondering for a moment, Xu Yuan cupped his hands slightly, and said loudly:

"Changtian will truthfully report this matter to father, thank you Mr. Zhou this time."


		