

In fact, Xu Yuan has always been skeptical of Su Jinxuan's words.

Just as Su Jinxuan didn't trust him, it was impossible for him to listen to the other side's words.

However, the information in the secret document did prove that Su Jinxuan's family had undergone great changes when she was a child.

When her parents were alive, Su Jinxuan's family was very wealthy.

Before her death, her parents ran a small-scale chamber of commerce in Jiangnan Mansion and Jincheng.

Su Qin cloth line.

The main business is cloth and satin and some spices and rouge for women.

Because Su Jinxuan's father was a classmate of one of the heads of the Tianan Chamber of Commerce in Jiangnan Prefecture at that time.

Although it is not close, but with this relationship and some heavy gifts, Su Qinbuxing and Tianan Chamber of Commerce, a giant, have reached a business cooperation on some scraps.

And because of this, when the other party's family was wiped out, the Black Scale Guard had investigated the matter in private.

One of my cooperative chambers of commerce disappeared inexplicably, and it was in the form of being wiped out, so it was natural to investigate.

The other party did it very secretly, but the Black Scale Guard still restored the general situation through various information channels unique to him.

Su Jinxuan has two enemies.

One is for money, and the other is for effort.

The three chambers of commerce in Jiangnan cloth shop paid the money.

It was a group of bandits outside Fucheng who contributed.

After the bandits who contributed were successful, they were wiped out by the three chambers of commerce who contributed money.

And the Black Scale Guard did not go further after investigating this, because Su Qin Buxing was only the lowest-level material supplier of the Tianan Chamber of Commerce.

Without core interests involved, there is naturally no need to intervene.

At the beginning, Tianan Chamber of Commerce handled it in a very simple way.

A middle-level manager came forward to beat up the three unruly chambers of commerce, and after getting the other party to pay a large amount of compensation, the matter was exposed.

Tianan Chamber of Commerce took compensation.

The three chambers of commerce won the property at a low price through ex post foreclosure.

The government not only took the money from the foreclosure, but also suppressed the banditry.

Well, a world where no one gets hurt is here~

Of course, even with the benefits, the files related to this matter are still kept in the treasury of the local Black Scale Guard.

Now Xu Yuan ordered to re-investigate the matter. When the dossier was reopened, the Black Scale Guard of the Jiangnan Mansion immediately began to thoroughly investigate the three cloth houses back then, but found nothing.

Because the original people all died.

Even with the full investigation of the Black Scale Guards of the Jiangnan Mansion these days, they failed to find even a single survivor, and basically half of the investigation was interrupted because the clue person died.

Qin Weijiu was very professional in this matter.

Fortunately, the Black Scale Guards of Xiangguo Mansion are also very professional.

After changing several lines of investigation in a row, I finally found some clues in Su Qinbuxing's original industry.

Su Jinxuan's parents are dead, but the real estate deed under their name will not disappear out of thin air.

Su Jinxuan was rescued and had no one to inherit her. When the time came, she was directly auctioned off by the government.

Yes, Qin Weijiu only rescued Su Jinxuan and did not help her keep the family business.

There are many reasons for not helping, the most important point should be that there is no motivation.

Although the act of rescuing Su Jinxuan was carefully planned, Qin Weijiu had to behave as if he did it casually.

Seeing you are pitiful, so I saved you casually, and then I have to do my best to help you guard the family property?

There is no such good thing in this world.

Based on this principle, even if he wanted to avenge Su Jinxuan, Qin Weijiu waited until a few years later to gradually establish a "family relationship" with Su Jinxuan before he started to act.

Everything is a batch with caution.

But I really can't stand the fact that I have pigs under my command.

These industries are nothing to Qin Weijiu, but they are a piece of fat to some of his subordinates.

More than ten years later, the original properties of Su Jinxuan's parents have gone through many twists and turns, and finally all belong to a person named Xi Cang.

It doesn't matter what this person's name is, the important thing is that he is the second brother of the son-in-law of the chairman of Konghua Chamber of Commerce.

The Konghua Chamber of Commerce is quite large in the local area and does not belong to any faction.

After finding this, the clue is broken again.

Because it is a normal thing in this world for large chambers of commerce to embezzle and integrate various industries.

The Jiangnan Black Scale Guard reported this, and when the investigation was about to come to an end, the Black Scale Guard Headquarters in the Imperial Capital sent back a key piece of news—the Qin Weijiu family's sect was behind the Konghua Chamber of Commerce.

This news immediately revived the Blackscale Guard of the Jiangnan Mansion.

Qin Weijiu had never touched Su Jinxuan's parents' property at the beginning, but the dark son in his hand took over their property.

It's okay if it's taken away on the surface, after all, Su Jinxuan trusts you so much, and your relationship with her is like a brother and sister, taking care of others, and it's possible to return it when the time comes.

But secretly accounted for, this information is worth pondering.

Although it is still not substantial evidence, it has provided Jiangnan Black Scale Guard with an investigation direction.

The investigation from bottom to top cut off the clues because the three key figures were silenced. With this new clue, we can investigate from top to bottom.

After checking, Jiangnan Blackscale Guard found that the two broken clues were put together.

Su Jinxuan's parents founded Su Qin Buxing backed by the Tianan Chamber of Commerce to do business, while the three of them were backed by the Konghua Chamber of Commerce.

The way to know this is also very simple,

Just like modern clothing brands always have some XX joint names, once these small cloth shops that survive in the gaps have reached cooperation with large chambers of commerce, they can't wait to put the content of the cooperation on their foreheads.

It is an alternative quality certification.

You only need to visit and ask the old stewards under Buxing who have been working for more than 20 years to know this.

certainly,

more importantly,

The cloth industry of Su Jinxuan's three enemies was all affiliated with the Konghua Chamber of Commerce.

The Konghua Chamber of Commerce directly accepts all the industries of these three cloth houses.

Except for the consul who was replaced because of his death, the rest of the middle and high-level managers have hardly changed in more than ten years.

Xu Yuan laughed outright when he saw this.

After acquiring a company, even if it is not advisable to go to war immediately and make people panic, but at least you have to replace two confidantes in key positions, right?

What do you mean that the Konghua Chamber of Commerce has acquired three cloth shops for more than ten years without changing a manager?

Previously, the stock was held on behalf of others, but now it is returned to the original owner, right?


After more than half an hour, Xu Yuan belatedly pushed open the door and walked into the room.

The light in the room was still so dim, the food and delicacies had been taken away by the maid, and only the woman was left sitting alone on the stool in front of the small round table.

Su Jinxuan's back was facing the door, her back was straight, but a little thin.

Xu Yuan approached slowly, and found that her delicate body under the bluish-white silk gauze was trembling slightly at the moment.

Take two steps forward,

Su Jinxuan came softly with a trembling voice:

"You...do you have evidence, Qin... Mr. Qin's connection with the Huakong Chamber of Commerce."

Xu Yuan walked up to the other party silently upon hearing the words.

He just went out to find this.

Together with Ying'er, they passed the communication array to get this key piece of evidence from the Imperial Capital.

It's just that I didn't expect that there were a lot of things that were true, and it took more than half an hour to print them with the array movable type engraving machine.

"Boom—"

With a thought, Xu Yuan took out several thick stacks of ledgers from the Sumeru Ring, and they fell to the ground with a muffled sound.

Su Jinxuan's eyes were blank, she stared at the account books that Xu Yuan took out all over the place for a while, and then said in a low voice:

"This is...."

Xu Yuan sat down, poured himself a cup of tea, and said in a calm voice:

"The account books of the Konghua Chamber of Commerce over the past ten years, they will have a large amount of money, medicinal materials, finished pills and other resources flowing out to the Tianyuzong every month, you can take a look for yourself."


		