

After thinking for a moment, Xu Yuan instantly understood Su Jinxuan's thoughts.

This woman actually wanted to run away.

Xu Yuan realized that he had overestimated Su Jinxuan's awareness.

Her warning was really just a warning, she didn't even think about fighting him with her life.

As long as Su Jinxuan disturbed Ying'er who was waiting outside, she would be dead, so she chose to control her strength and make him fall into a coma by pulling away his mind and soul.

Only in this way can she have a chance to leave alive.

It's a pity that this woman is too arrogant.

Oh, no, this is not arrogance, at most it is a misjudgment caused by a difference in information.

After all, apart from Ran Qingmo, no one in this world knows how many times he has been on the verge of dying.

Thinking of this, Xu Yuan felt a little relieved.

As soon as Su Jinxuan came up, she went all out. If Ying'er failed to arrive in time, his life might really be in danger.

As for now...

Ha ha.

Having said that, the sucking speed of those spores is obviously faster than that of Xu Yuan.

After all, Xu Yuan still needs to refine it after swallowing it, but these spore particles just need to suck desperately and explode.

Time passed by every minute and every second.

A man and a woman in the bed curtain embrace each other like a newly married couple.

Su Jinxuan leaned on the chest of the man below her, her beautiful eyes half-closed, her pale and weak face could hardly be concealed.

In just half an hour, her consumption has exceeded the accumulation of the past few days.

but...

Su Jinxuan looked at the sleepy eyes of the man below her with closed eyes, and lightly pursed her red lips.

...But fortunately, Xu Changtian was finally about to pass out, and she could clearly perceive that the speed of this guy's devouring had become extremely slow.

Just a little bit, just a little bit...

As long as this guy is completely unconscious, she will have a chance to leave.

Waves of spore particles collapsed, and wave after wave surged up.

But to Su Jinxuan's despair, half of the mind and soul in the other party's sea of ​​consciousness had been pulled away, and the man under him hadn't fallen into a coma yet, and his devouring still didn't stop.

One quarter of an hour,

two quarters,

The swallowing speed of the man under him finally came to a standstill.

This situation made Su Jinxuan's beautiful eyes light up slightly, and she immediately controlled the spore particles to stop, ready to check whether the other party was really unconscious.

But at this time,

She suddenly saw the man below him open his eyes.

"..." Su Jinxuan.

The two are very close,

His eyes were long and narrow, and he stared at her coldly.

Su Jinxuan's breathing was stagnant.

A wisp of emotion called panic, like dripping water into the lake, splashed waves of ripples, gradually spreading.

Why...why is the man in front of me still awake until now?

Questions arise, but no one will answer them for her these days.

The woman in front of him had become weak visible to the naked eye, Xu Yuan stopped pretending to be unconscious, and the secret technique began to work at full strength again.

"no, do not want..."

Su Jinxuan's originally charming and enchanting voice was laced with a hint of panic begging, and she subconsciously wanted to get up and leave.

Xu Yuan directly grabbed her wrist.

"Let... let me go."


Xu Yuan did let go, because the mayfly-shaped spore particles attached to the surface of his mind and soul began to rhythmically control his body again.

But as he let go, Su Jinxuan who sat up did not move, but just sat on him blankly.

She... Where can she go now?

Xu Changtian is not unconscious, and there are strong guards outside, how can she escape? Where can I go?

There is no way to heaven and no door to earth.

despair.

Time passed by every minute and every second.

Since the body was controlled again, Xu Yuan didn't care about the outside world and concentrated on devouring and refining.

While practicing, Xu Yuan found that the mayfly-shaped spore particles that the ants had attached to his mind and soul gradually began to fall off.

First a few hundred, then a few thousand, and finally all of them fell off in units of tens of thousands.

With the exercise of a cup of tea, there was no foreign matter on the surface of Xu Yuan's mind and soul.

After regaining control of his body, Xu Yuan slowly opened his eyes.

The eyes of the woman on the body were closed, her chest was pressed tightly against his chest, her cheeks were full of sickly red, the corners of her lips were bloody, and she was as charming as a demon.

Su Jinxuan passed out.

This is what he squeezed dry?

Feeling it for a while, Xu Yuan got up slowly with a calm expression, and pushed Su Jinxuan's body aside:

"Ying'er, come out."

"..." No one paid attention to him.

Xu Yuan took a deep breath and said:

"Get out! Didn't you see that this woman controlled me for five days?!"


The window was opened silently, and Ying'er quietly appeared in Su Jinxuan's wing.

Ying'er was still in the tight black dress, standing in front of the bed, looking at Su Jinxuan who was lying beside Xu Yuan, silent for a moment, her voice was indifferent and hoarse:

"Third Young Master, she has no cultivation base."

Xu Yuan took a deep breath, and was about to take this opportunity to hit Ying'er well, but he didn't say anything.

"...It's the mind soul."

A feminine male voice suddenly sounded from Xu Yuan's side.

Xu Yuan looked sideways, but saw a man with a soft face who appeared a meter beside him at some point, and was closing his eyes to perceive something at the moment.

Subconsciously frowned.

In the picture in memory, this man appeared in the wing together with Ying'er.

But before he spoke, Xu Yuan didn't pay attention to the other party's existence at all.

just like,

It was only natural for the other party to appear here.

Rewrite the cognition of others....

Xu Yuan stared at the man involuntarily.

Si Ziyu slowly opened his eyes, bowed to Xu Yuan, and said:

"Si Ziyu, pay my respects to the third young master."

"En." Xu Yuan nodded.

Si Ziyu looked sideways at Ying'er opposite:

"Third Young Master was indeed attacked, and the breath of intentional soul remains here."

Hearing this, Ying'er's eyes flickered for a moment, and he said with a little hesitation:

"I checked this woman, and she is not a soul cultivator."

Si Ziyu nodded:

"Yes, this woman is just an ordinary person."

The conversation between the two made Xu Yuan's brows gradually wrinkle.

ordinary people?

If it wasn't for his innate soul body, he would have been brainwashed into Su Jinxuan's dog right now.

Can this also be called an ordinary person?

The voice fell, and the room fell into a brief silence.

"Tuk-tuk--"

in silence,

The door was gently knocked, and Zhou Chen's voice came in slowly through the door:

"Hey, if you don't have both mind soul and source energy, then it's just a physical talent. What's the point of guessing?"

While speaking, the door of the wing room was pushed open by him.

Zhou Chen stood at the door, holding an unconscious woman in his hand.

Walking into the room, he casually threw it on the ground.

Xu Yuan glanced over and recognized that the other party was Yueniang, the bustard of the Zuixianlou.

Seemingly noticing Xu Yuan's gaze, Zhou Chen smiled and saluted Xu Yuan:

"Third Young Master, Mr. Zhou thought that you would let me catch this woman afterwards, so I caught this woman for you in advance. I hope you will forgive me for being late."

After the words fell, Xu Yuan thought for a while, and realized that Zhou Chen was already preparing to attack Mr. Qin, so he nodded slightly:

"I have a heart."

"It's the third son who is wise."

"..." Xu Yuan.

With a light cough, Xu Yuan whispered:

"Cough, that's enough, Mr. Zhou, what do you mean by the physical talent you just said?"

Zhou Chen pondered for a while, then turned solemn, and said:

"Third son,

"Do you still remember the six-turn seven-life python that you and Ran Qingmo killed together?"

Xu Yuan's eyelids twitched: "Well... I remember."

"The seven-time molt and reincarnation of the seven-life python is its physical talent."

After a pause, Zhou Chen glanced at the comatose woman on the bed, and said in a low voice: "The same is true for this physical talent on a human being, it has nothing to do with cultivation, just like your innate Taoist body. , the mind and soul can leave the body.”


		