

These days, although Xu Yuan has almost got along with Zhou Chen on the surface, and the other party basically answers every question about his practice, but Xu Yuan knows that Zhou Chen still looks down on him in his heart.

It can be seen from many details.

One mouthful and one third son, but as a bodyguard, he entered his wing room and never knocked on the door.

When the two talked, the smell of alcohol in their mouths was never concealed.

There was even one time, because he was curious about the structure of a top-level treasure like the Sumeru Ring, Zhou Chen shamelessly asked to borrow it from Xu Yuan for research.

Zhou Chen said that research must be just research, and he dared not take it for himself.

After all, Xu Changge knew that Xu Yuan had the Sumeru Precept.

If Zhou Chen dared to swallow it, he would die.

But the problem is that this is the Sumeru Ring, and all private treasures are stored in it.

The act of asking for a loan is equivalent to asking you for your house key knowing that your wife is taking a bath alone at home.

Xu Yuan didn't give it, and beat the other party appropriately, but Zhou Chen even mentioned it half-jokingly in the follow-up.

There are countless of these.

Today Zhou Chen made a sudden move to help him deal with Xue Yong, Xu Yuan originally thought that the other party had changed.

Because of the expense of treating guests for more than half a month, and because of his hard work this month, the other party changed his view of him.

But the result was that Zhou Chen was still the same afterward.

Smiling and smelling of wine, he leaned over and chatted about women together, and then wanted him to help him order a few red ladies to come up.

Xu Yuan couldn't hold back anymore.

Once again, he deeply understood the original body's situation and why the original body became so sensitive and irritable.

Xu Yuan originally wanted to endure. Like his previous life, he first made achievements, slowly established his own prestige, and then slowly punished these subordinates.

But after thinking about it carefully, he suddenly discovered that his identity and cultivation physique made it unnecessary for him to be too polite to Zhou Chen, a great master.

Therefore, Xu Yuan began to attack by using the word penance.

The contempt in Zhou Chen's words seemed to be like saying again, you dude will definitely not be able to hold on, so stop acting.

Xu Yuan satirized Zhou Chen's fifty steps and laughed at a hundred steps.

The original body gave up cultivation due to the blockage of meridians and the stagnation of cultivation of almost a waste soul,

You, Zhou Chen, encountered a bottleneck and started to indulge,

What is the difference between the two?

What qualifications do you have to talk nonsense and ridicule here?

With my current physique, I am willing to start practicing again. Is there any problem?

Xu Yuan's purpose is very clear.

One is to beat Zhou Chen thoroughly.

The second is to find a reason for myself to concentrate on cultivation.

The third is to change other people's inherent impression of themselves, and gradually establish their own prestige in the eyes of these retainers and ministers.

When doing things, it is completely two concepts that the subordinates obey the Yin and the subordinates do their best.

In the previous life, if the project staff under him acted obsequiously and disobeyed him, the project might be postponed or even messed up at most, but now these Keqing retainers will lose their lives if they fail to behave disobediently to him.

Having said that,

Xu Yuan was a little surprised by Zhou Chen's reaction.

He thought that the grand master would walk away because of losing face, but he just bowed his head and admitted his mistake.

But after thinking about it, I was relieved,

What made Zhou Chen bow his head was not what he said, but his identity and the infinite possibilities possessed by his innate Taoism.

Xu Yuan took a deep look at Zhou Chen who was bowing and cupping his fists.

If the situation is not right, you can immediately admit cowardice and lower your posture, which is good.

But... heh.

Xu Yuan didn't speak, just stared at the great master quietly.


Zhou Chen has always maintained the posture of bowing and cupping fists, with a broken face on his drooping face.

The other party's words suddenly made him realize one thing.

The past three sons have no future.

As a practice waste body, the third son who has no future, just deal with it casually.

But now the third son has become an innate Taoist body because of an adventure.

However, he has been treating the third son with the same attitude as before.

If the third son really changed his nature, with the innate aptitude of Taoism supplemented by the resources of Xiangguo Mansion, the third son in front of him is very likely to become the second eldest son.

And the growth rate may be faster.

In half a month, it has already broken through the ninth rank.....

After a few years of cultivation, with the temperament of these three young masters who hold grudges...

"..." Zhou Chen.

Zhou Chen really wanted to slap himself hard.

Getting used to this kind of thing can really kill people...

The silence at the top continued,

Xu Yuan stared at Zhou Chen quietly.

And Zhou Chen kept bowing and holding his fists.

Seeing the other party's refusal to speak, Xu Yuan gradually became impatient.

A smart guy, but not particularly smart.

Now that you are aware of the current situation, I have put up with you for half a month, and you want to expose it without explaining something and even taking offense?

Zhou Chen's cultivation level can naturally detect the change in Xu Yuan's eyes, his complexion changed for a moment, and he gritted his teeth:

"Third Young Master... You have just entered the ninth rank, and Zhou has not expressed anything yet. This is a small gift specially prepared for you."

As he spoke, he reached into his arms and took out a small jade bottle.


Seeing this, Xu Yuan was a little disappointed.

He doesn't want things.

What he wanted was Zhou Chen.

At worst, there must be a few promises to help, right?

Thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan also knew that he was too greedy.

Ninth grade is enough to convince the great master, his big brother is not so awesome.

Concentrating his thoughts, Xu Yuan looked at Zhou Chen again.

Zhou Chen had a painful face, closed his eyes, moved his hand forward, and handed the jade bottle to Xu Yuan:

"This thing is called Dissipating Yuan San."

Dissipate yuan?

Xu Yuan glanced at the jade bottle.

Some blue-gray crystal powder was finely crushed and spread on the bottom of the jade bottle.

In this world, not all medicines exist in the form of pills, and medicines in liquid, solid, loose or even gaseous forms are all different.

With a little memory in my mind, I remembered the function of this thing.

It's a good thing.

The top-level body quenching medicine can be used by pouring it into the tub when taking a bath. It is suitable for any level, even for those who have just entered the ninth level.

The medicine that helps the great master practice, if this Xiaoyuan powder is placed outside, the market price will be more than ten thousand taels.

For Zhou Chen, it should be considered a hemorrhage.

The corners of Xu Yuan's lips hooked slightly, and he raised his hand to take the bottle of spirit powder from the opponent's hand, and held it in the palm of his hand to play with.

Zhou Chen also raised his eyes at this time, staring at the jade bottle in Xu Yuan's hand, full of reluctance and pain.

Xu Yuan suddenly turned to look at him.

Eyes on.

"..." Zhou Chen.

Zhou Chen forcefully smiled, and said with a smile:

"Third Young Master, with your ninth-grade cultivation, you only need to pour a little of this thing in your bath... huh?"

Before he finished speaking, Xu Yuan threw the jade bottle back casually.

Zhou Chen quickly caught the precious jade bottle with a little surprise in his eyes.

Subconsciously think that these three young masters are ignorant.

Xu Yuan just glanced at him, turned and left, leaving a sentence:

"It's not easy to break through the bottleneck of Yiwu's entry, so Mr. Zhou should keep it for himself."

"..." Zhou Chen.

silence,

Zhou Chen's eyes flashed for a moment, then he suddenly grinned, clasped his hands together:

"Zhou, thank you, Third Young Master."


Xu Yuan didn't reply, and walked downstairs steadily.

paused,

Zhou Chen quickly followed up. Sometimes it is always beneficial and harmless to be thick-skinned.

Following Xu Yuan's side, Zhou Chen returned to his previous appearance, but there was no smell of alcohol in his words, and he asked with a smile:

"Third Young Master, are you going to practice? I have nothing to do recently, but I can assist you in your cultivation."

"Auxiliary cultivation?" Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows, this was the first time he had heard of this word.

Zhou Chen explained with a smile: "This is the characteristic of my practice. I can temper the surrounding Yuan Qi with my soul and then gather it to your side. You just need to keep refining it."

"What else is there to say?" Xu Yuan glanced at Zhou Chen.

"certainly."

Zhou Chen had a cheeky face: "Do you need the third son?"

"Well...not for now."

"Ah? The third son, you are..."

"I must go downstairs to find the old bustard."

"..." Zhou Chen.

Xu Yuan stood still, looking at Zhou Chen with a funny side eye, as it should be:

"Tomorrow, there will be an oiran in Zuixianlou who is leaving the pavilion."


		