


For a moment of stupefaction, Xu Yuan suddenly became dazed.

Under the completion of the world, the well-known plots in the previous life have already become unreliable, but this does not affect the accuracy of some of the information.

Many things in memory are matched at this moment.

For example, in the plot, the original body would go to Changhong Valley to block the door, probably because Qin Weijiu was a hindrance.

That being the case,

Then what is his purpose in doing this?

Su Jinxuan said that Qin Weijiu asked her to come here to insert a dark son in the Xiangguo Mansion, and the identity of the third son of the Xiangguo Mansion, as well as the character that this dude once showed, doomed him to do nothing. will be suspected.

Now that "it's done", Qin Weijiu's first mission is to ask him to kill Qin Mo.

Xu Yuan's long and narrow eyes narrowed slightly, the previous plot as reference information kept flashing in his mind, and his expression gradually became strange.

Qin Weijiu did this not because he wanted Qin Mo to die, but because he wanted him, the third son of Xiangguo Mansion, to be killed by Qin Mo.

According to the logic of the plot,

Qin Weijiu would find a way to stop the three great masters beside him in the dark, so as to create a chance for Qin Mo to kill him, the third son.

So here comes the problem,

Let Qin Mo kill him, what benefits can Qin Weijiu get?

As a dark son, the third son's identity is perfect, he is the absolute core of the Xiangguo Mansion, and can also be used as a springboard to continuously send ghosts into the Xiangguo Mansion in the name of recruiting guests.

However, Qin Weijiu directly gave up such a huge point of interest, and his intention must be even bigger.

Thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan kept reorganizing and splicing the various information in his mind, trying to analyze Qin Weijiu's purpose, but in the end he only came up with an unreliable answer.

If Qin Mo killed him, the third son, he would definitely have a death feud with the Xiangguo Mansion.

Judging from Qin Mo's current performance, he is a perfect genius who came out of the funeral village. If he can be cultivated, he will definitely be a giant. If there is a death feud, it must be Qin Weijiu who will deal with the Xiangguo Mansion. A big help.

Thinking of this,

Xu Yuan directly rejected this idea.

Qin Weijiu doesn't know that Qin Mo is the protagonist of the world like he does.

To bury An Zi, who has already been in the bag, in exchange for Qin Mo's uncertain future?

This behavior is stupid and outrageous.

not to mention,

This Qin Mo himself has a deadly feud with his Xiangguo Mansion for destroying the village, so doing this kind of behavior is completely superfluous.

Wait, it's unnecessary.....

This thought flashed, and Xu Yuan's mind suddenly froze.

After a few breaths of silence, and his heart beating faster, Xu Yuan suddenly asked:

"Su Jinxuan, when you were traveling with Qin Mo, did Qin Weijiu ask you to inquire about Qin Mo's village?"

"Um?"

Su Jinxuan blinked her beautiful eyes, a little surprised at the jump in Xu Yuan's words, but she still replied truthfully:

"Well, I have."

Xu Yuan narrowed his eyes, and the guess in his heart was verified:

"What's the result of the investigation?"

"Qin Mo said that the elders in those villages treat him as their own."

"Um.. so did he say anything more?"

Su Jinxuan's eyes were a little puzzled: "More?"

Xu Yuan subconsciously wanted to open his mouth to ask directly, but when the words came to his lips, he changed his words:

"For example, when he talked about his elders, is there something unnatural?"

Su Jinxuan was even more puzzled, but she was still very sensible and didn't ask, but replied honestly:

"Well... yes."

"What?" Xu Yuan asked immediately.

"He didn't seem to be very emotional when he said these things. Even if he talked about the happy place, his mood would immediately drop down."

"Anything else?"

"Um."

"Then have you reported this to Qin Weijiu?"

"No, I just talked about Qin Mo's interpersonal relationship in the village." Su Jinxuan replied.

Xu Yuan laughed when he heard the words, and Mao Sai suddenly realized.

funeral village......

Su Jinxuan said,

Qin Weijiu knew about the burial village, and he also knew that Qin Mo came from the burial village.

But Qin Weijiu didn't know that those monsters and thieves in the funeral village had been slaughtered by his father.

All the speculations he made before were acquiesced that Qin Weijiu already knew that the funeral village was destroyed.

Turns out he didn't know.

The situation is now clear.

Qin Weijiu wanted to make Burial Village hostile to Xiangguo Mansion.

Those people in the burial village were all there to hide for the elderly, but it doesn't mean that their relationships are all dead.

In Cangyuan, the protagonist of the plot met the confidante of the elders in the village more than once, or his best friend helped him.

Counting the masters of the funeral village itself, this is already an extremely huge force, completely surpassing the benefits brought by placing Anzi in Xiangguo's mansion.

Therefore, Qin Weijiu wanted to bring this funeral village that was also hidden in the "dark place" to the same front as him.

Based on the information Qin Weijiu knew, this was undoubtedly a brilliant move.

He doesn't even have to go off the field himself.

Whether Xu Yuan killed Qin Mo or Qin Mo killed Xu Yuan, the funeral village and the Xiangguo Mansion would have a death feud.

But unfortunately, the funeral village has been destroyed.

Some smiles.

Sometimes thinking too much about the enemy is really a battle of wits and courage with the air.

thinking,

Xu Yuan smiled slightly, and looked sideways at Su Jinxuan who was beside him, and a small book appeared in his hand.

The precious secret method passed to him by the old aunt Lou Ji in the imperial capital personally.

Su Jinxuan frowned slightly, she didn't understand the other party's intention of suddenly finding out that little book:

"This is?"

Xu Yuan didn't say anything, he dangled the small book in the air, and handed it to the other party.

Su Jinxuan looked puzzled.

Xu Yuan said casually:

"The cultivation secret method of the ecstasy species, take it."


Su Jinxuan's pupils shrank slightly.

His hand paused for a few breaths in the air, Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows seeing that she was not moving:

"Why, don't you want it?"

Su Jinxuan was silent for two seconds, bit the corner of her lips, and said:

"You...give me this?"

Xu Yuan asked casually:

"Why can't you give it?"


Listening to his casual words, Su Jinxuan quietly clenched the corner of Su Yi's skirt with a jade hand, and said softly:

"But...can you give me this, aren't you afraid of being backlashed by me?"

Qin Weijiu was afraid of her retaliation, so he deliberately erased the soul training method in the secret method. Now... this Xu Changtian is willing to hand over the secret method to her directly?

Xu Yuan smiled and shook his head:

"You've been sucked dry by me in the last few nights, and the recovery speed of the ecstasy will be faster after practicing this secret method, which is also good for my cultivation. Take it."

Su Jinxuan was silent with complicated eyes, but she didn't answer.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan sighed:

"Well, to put it bluntly, you can understand that this is an investment in you.

"The world is going to be chaotic, I am optimistic about your future strength, and I am also optimistic about your character, so I judge that investing in you will not let me lose money.

"Well...even if it's a loss, at least it shouldn't raise a white-eyed wolf."


Su Jinxuan was quiet for a while, took the small book lightly, and held it tightly. She looked at Xu Yuan with a very serious tone:

"I will pay back this love."


		