

After the words fell, Xu Yuan and Zhou Chen stopped talking.

Zhou Chen concentrated on driving while drinking.

Xu Yuan turned his attention to the inside of the car.

Xu Yuan didn't know if the reason why that Mr. Qin attacked him was so, but he did have a few clues as to why that cheap old man attacked the sect.

The interior of the car is luxuriously decorated, there is a pillow like jade, a soft pillow made of woven silk and satin, and a tea tray specially for drinking tea, and the faint fragrance is constantly diffused in the car.

As far as Xu Yuan could see, a woman with a natural charm was kneeling in front of the tea tray and pouring tea.

Eyes drooping, a gesture of pity for me.

Xu Yuan raised his fingers slightly to the sound-blocking array set up in the carriage, and glanced at her:

"Did you hear what I said just now?"

Su Jinxuan slowly raised her eyes:

"My lord did not shy away from it, so Jinxuan naturally heard it."

The tone was still a little charming and provocative, but it no longer had the emotional fluctuations that were seductive before.

A lot of honesty, but not completely honest.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan glanced at the other party meaningfully.

Su Jinxuan changed her clothes.

The blue and white silk gauze skirt wrapped her uneven figure, the white skin was faintly visible under the tulle, and a pair of white translucent silk socks perfectly fit her straight and slender jade legs.

This woman understands men very well, and also knows how to use her body to her advantage.

Since getting in the carriage, this woman has been teasing and teasing him vaguely.

Even now, this woman still wants to make a comeback.

If this woman comes up with this set, Xu Yuan may lose everything because of a single thought.

It's just a pity that she didn't, but chose to use the weird spore particles to forcibly control him.

Now her succubus body has been exposed.

Zhou Chen also reminded,

The deeper the physical contact,

It seems that the easier it is to be controlled by this woman's psychic body.

Forget about defying the law by yourself.

but,

There are actually white silk in this world...

Tut tut.

Concentrating his thoughts, Xu Yuan asked casually:

"Jinxuan, I heard from Yueniang that you were brought by Mr. Qin himself. I'm curious how you and Mr. Qin met. Can you tell me about it?"

Interrogative sentences are used, but the tone is unquestionable.

Su Jinxuan was kept to confuse Mr. Qin and mislead him to judge that the plan had been successful.

When the carriage enters Jingjiang Xu Mansion, the woman will be handed over to Ying'er for interrogation.

Ying'er was born in the Black Scaled Guard of the Xiangguo Mansion, also known as the Shadow Guard by outsiders.

Extorting confessions by torture is a professional counterpart.

However, this did not affect Xu Yuan's understanding of some things before that.

Su Jinxuan's beautiful eyes flickered, and after a while, she said softly:

"More than ten years ago, Jinxuan's family was in decline and was sought by her enemies. When the family was fleeing, Mr. Qin rescued me and has been raising me ever since."

escape?

adoption?

It is still a unique psychedelic body.

This old-fashioned plot immediately made Xu Yuan think of many things.

After pondering for a moment, Xu Yuan put on a show and sighed:

"I'm sorry...to talk about Jinxuan's sad things."

Su Jinxuan lowered her eyes and sighed faintly:

"Thank you for your pity, Mr. Jinxuan was still young at that time, and this matter has long since passed."

Xu Yuan shook his head and asked casually:

"Then Jinxuan, do you still remember who your enemies are? If they are still alive, I can help Jinxuan to avenge your blood."

"Young master has a heart, and Jinxuan is terrified."

"Don't you need it?"

"Jinxuan's revenge has been avenged."

"all?"

"..Um."


Xu Yuan stared at Su Jinxuan's eyes with a deliberate surprise, and said with a light smile:

"It turns out that Mr. Qin has already silenced all your enemies in private..."


Su Jinxuan was slightly taken aback when she heard this.

Immediately realizing the meaning of these words, the weakness in her eyes was immediately replaced by a hint of sullenness:

"Third Young Master, please don't make wild guesses."

Seeing this, Xu Yuan smiled even more.

He was very satisfied with Su Jinxuan's reaction.

He doesn't know the specific situation of the other party, or even whether Su Jinxuan is lying and acting, but this doesn't affect his random making up.

If he failed, he would just waste a few minutes of his tongue-in-cheek efforts.

But on the other hand, if it succeeds, even if Su Jinxuan can't be persuaded, just planting a seed of doubt in her heart is still a big profit.

After a pause, Xu Yuan persisted:

"Jinxuan, you can just say yes or no,

"Then Mr. Qin, you didn't let Jinxuan see any of your enemies alive, did you?"

There was a moment of silence in the carriage,

Xu Yuan was a little surprised.

ah?

The things he made up from the picture book can't be true, can it?

Su Jinxuan stared at Xu Yuan, biting the corner of her lips lightly with a canine tooth:

"Jinxuan knows that he is already a prisoner of the son, but please don't slander Mr. Qin's character."

"If you don't answer directly, then I am right?"

Xu Yuan leaned on the soft couch, propped his face with one hand, and continued to challenge with great interest:

"Then Mr. Qin has been able to raise you so far, I guess it's because Jinxuan, your parents also died in that 'escape'?"

Xu Yuan deliberately emphasized the tone of the word "escape":

"Jinxuan, do you think that after your parents passed away, Mr. Qin happened to meet and rescue you who was carrying a demon body, isn't it too coincidental?"

"Your own body, you should know best. How tempting is this special physique that can control other people's minds invisibly. As long as you know it in advance, who can't be tempted?

"Especially for a 'big man' like Mr. Qin, killing your whole family is just a matter of talking, and what you get in return... I was almost controlled by you for him."


Su Jinxuan's jade hands pouring the tea trembled slightly, and her eyes were full of anger:

"Not everyone in this world has the same temperament as the son. Mr. Qin has always regarded me as his sister-in-law. This time he came to see me as taking the initiative to share his worries."

Xu Yuan seemed invisible, and said with a light smile:

"You said he regarded you as his own sister?"

Xu Yuanzhuang laughed and waved his hands:

"Okay, I will release the news now that you have been arrested by me and are about to be executed.

"Guess, will your Mr. Qin choose to disappear and run away, or will he come to my Xu mansion to snatch someone for your own sister?"


After a long silence, Su Jinxuan took a deep breath, the tulle on her chest rose and fell, she did not speak, and continued to pour tea silently.

Xu Yuan could see that her heart was a little disturbed, and she was going to calm down by pouring tea.

He didn't bother her either,

Quietly watching Su Jinxuan fiddling with the tea set in her hand.

Hot pot, set tea, warm cup......

The beauties pour the tea, and the process of making tea is pleasing to the eye.

it's all over

Su Jinxuan got up slowly and brought a cup of tea to Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan took it casually, stared at her eyes, pulled her to sit beside her, and asked with sideways eyes:

"I'm curious about one thing, can you help me clear it up?"

At this time, Su Jinxuan has returned to normal, charming and charming. Hearing this, she smiled at Xu Yuan:

"Young Master's question, Jinxuan will naturally answer every question."

Xu Yuan gently put his arms around the woman's delicate body, sniffing the fragrance of tea, and asked softly:

"Mr. Qin became famous more than ten years ago, and now his strength is probably unfathomable. Why doesn't such a person teach you the way of cultivation?"

Su Jinxuan covered her mouth and smiled lightly, it was difficult to tell the truth from the false content:

"Heh... Jinxuan doesn't like fighting and killing, so she didn't practice."

Xu Yuan didn't even want to ask directly:

"Since you don't like to fight and kill, why do you practice this magic body secret technique?"

"This...Jinxuan doesn't know, those things seem to be born naturally."

"A good one is born!"

Xu Yuan smiled.

His innate Dao body needs to practice exercises to get out of the body. You, a psychic body, can learn by yourself without a teacher, right?

Among other things, if you don't practice the secret method, you can't even do the most basic inner vision.

Unable to look inside, how to control the soul, let alone those numerous spore particles.

Sitting up straight, Xu Yuan pinched Su Jinxuan's fair chin and pulled it closer:

"Jinxuan, it's okay to lie to me, but it's wrong to lie to yourself."

"It's Mr. Qin who only gave you the secret method of the demon body, right?"

"..." Su Jinxuan.

look closely,

But Xu Yuan didn't see any look he wanted to see in the other party's eyes.

After the period of confusion passed, I began to get tough again.

Xu Yuan shook his head lightly, released the other party, and finally asked:

"The last question, I hope you can answer it truthfully."

"Excuse me, my lord." Su Jinxuan straightened her dress.

Xu Yuan asked casually:

"Do you.. know a man named Qin Mo?"


		