

The rain was gradually thinning, and the silence of the Buddhist hall in the deep mountain was like that when Xu Yuan and the two left, the blood pool of the corpse in front of the door had already solidified.

Suddenly,

Two figures descended from the sky and landed on the open space stained red by the blood left by the corpse.

A man and a woman, both of them were dressed in strong clothes, somewhat similar to the dozens of uniformly dressed corpses on the ground.

Black background and red border, the back of the robe is embroidered with a ferocious dragon in gold patterns.

The black strong boots stepped on the blood that was already congealed, making a viscous liquid flow sound.

The man had stubble on his face, with a sword behind his back, his frivolous eyes looked around at the miserable situation around him, he covered his nose, and shook his head slightly:

"Tsk tsk tsk...that's so miserable, it seems that the person who kidnapped the third son is not easy."

The woman's face was stern, her long hair reached her waist, tied into a long and high ponytail floating behind her, her waist was slender, her chest was bulging and her chest was wrapped in a slim fit dress, her eyes swept over the corpse on the ground:

"Can you see who did it?"

Walking leisurely among the corpses, the man stared at the surrounding corpses, shook his head casually, and said with a little interest in his voice:

"What do you think of this? It's all ordinary sword qi, and I haven't even used sword skills."

The woman lowered her eyes slightly, scanned around the corpses on the ground, and said softly:

"They tied up."

The man nodded:

"I know, um...the scars on these people's bodies are not deep, they were all just killed, and it happened in an instant."

a moment?

The woman frowned when she heard the words, and looked at the man: "Can you do it?"

The man raised his hand and rubbed the back of his head, glanced at the woman, and said with some amusement:

"In your eyes, I'm so unbearable?"

paused,

The man shook his head lightly again, raised his finger and pointed to a corpse sitting by the dry well in the open space of the Buddhist hall, squinted his eyes and said with a smile:

"But you are right, I really can't do it, at least like Zhou Yuan's death method, I can't do it."

After the words fell, the woman looked intently.

The corpse next to the dry well is a middle-aged man with a beard, and the fleshy and explosive muscles under him can be vaguely seen through the clothes, but at this moment, his sleeves are empty, his forearms have been cut off at the root, and the fatal wound It was a tiny sword mark on the throat.

The scene before his death is clear at a glance.

A sword qi shot out from the main entrance, and the middle-aged man who was the eye of the array wanted to block it with both hands, but the sword qi directly broke through the protective qi, and chopped off his arms, and the remaining sword qi cut off his arms just right. Cut his throat and died.

Didn't use any extra effort.

"I can kill him with a single sword, but for a martial arts master like Zhou Yuan, I can't do it so finely."

As he said that, the man pretended to be holding a sword, and volleyed twice towards the corpse with a smile:

"If I make a move, his head will fall directly."

finished speaking,

The man sighed slightly again, and glanced at the dark interior of the Buddhist hall, his eyes were deep:

"And the spirit Buddha inside, I can't kill it with a single sword without using "Yuan Qi"."

As he said that, the man's eyes showed a trace of solemnity:

"That person may be stronger than me."

The woman is silent.

The man lazily rubbed his messy hair and sighed:

"The eldest son has rushed from the imperial capital to Jingjiang City on his own initiative because of the matter of the third son. Now many people have died in the city. You should go back and report to him first. The person who made the move this time is probably the great master."

The woman stared at the man and asked:

"And you?"

The man raised his hand to touch his stubble-covered chin, and grinned:

"Of course, keep chasing. With the third young master, even the grand master can't run fast. I will leave a mark for you on the way, remember to go and return quickly, otherwise I may turn into a corpse when you catch up~"

finished speaking,

The man patted the woman's shoulder, and without waiting for the other's response, he jumped up and disappeared into the bloody open space in front of the Buddhist hall.

The woman stood there silent for a long time, and finally turned into an afterimage and galloped away in the opposite direction of the man's disappearance.


two days later.

The rain had already stopped, the sun broke through the clouds, and it was golden, and a few rays of sunlight shone through the treetops into the forest, filled with the fragrance of grass and fresh soil.

"Ha... ho... ha... ha..."

Xu Yuan supported a towering tree beside him with his waist inserted, and struggled to utter two words:

"Hugh.. Rest."

The woman in black walking ahead heard the words and glanced back at Xu Yuan's pale handsome face with kidney deficiency, then stopped silently, sat on the ground and began to close her eyes and rest her mind.

Xu Yuan sat down on the ground directly, panting profusely with sweat.

He never thought that someone's body could be as empty as this, let alone that this kind of body would be his own.

Even on flat ground, after walking only a few kilometers, the legs of this body began to tremble uncontrollably, and his steady breathing also began to become short of breath, and a burning feeling gradually spread in his chest.

For a certain distance, as long as it takes a little longer, you can feel a dull pain in the back of the waist.

In the past two days, Xu Yuan sometimes really felt that if Ran Qingmo hadn't captured the original body this time, it might not take a few years for the original body to die on the woman's belly.

It's fine if you can't abstinence, but why don't you exercise.

And the most terrible thing is that occasionally there will be a sense of restlessness in the body that is similar to the addiction to cigarettes, but several times stronger than the addiction to cigarettes.

This made Xu Yuan almost certain that the original third son would definitely take drugs.

Traveling did not reset the body's faults to the factory settings, and they were inherited intact by Xu Yuan, the unlucky bastard.

And a series of physical problems made the two of them travel at a speed close to that of a turtle in the forest of the Wanxing Mountains.

During the break, Xu Yuan's breathing also gradually calmed down, and he looked across at the woman in black with her eyes closed.

The sun shines through the treetops into the forest, and spots of light illuminate her fair skin.

Looking at him, Xu Yuan suddenly said:

"Mr. Ran, at our current speed, it may take another month to reach Tianmen Mountain."

"I know." Ran Qingmo still closed his eyes, his voice calm.

Xu Yuan thought for a while, and said softly: "After such a long time, we may be caught up at any time."

"..." Ran Qingmo didn't reply, just opened his eyes and looked at him quietly.

Xu Yuan smiled awkwardly.

Of course he knows that these things are all because of his body, but every time he stops, he insists on resting until the physical limit of his body, but the limit of this body is so high.

After a pause, Xu Yuan hesitated a little, and suggested softly:

"So, can you... can you catch a monster, um... let me walk."

After deliberating for a long time, Xu Yuan still made this suggestion.

Risky, but not huge.

If there is a problem with the monster, with Ran Qingmo's strength, he can completely kill the monster before it changes.

Ran Qingmo thought for a moment, nodded slightly, stood up with the sword in his hand, stood there for two seconds, then looked sideways in one direction, and his figure disappeared instantly.

While Xu Yuan was stunned, a huge roar of a tiger came from a thousand meters away.

"Aww!!!!"

Then there was a muffled sound.

"boom!"

"Roar!!!!"

"boom!"

"Aww..."

"boom!"

"Woo..."


		