


The air seemed dead still.

Xu Yuan turned his head slightly and looked at the woman beside him.

This slightly familiar term, accompanied by Ran Qingmo's clear gaze as before, made his hair stand on end.

He suddenly understood where the pain from the depths of his bone marrow before he passed out came from.

Rejection.

Ridiculous, helpless, and a little stunned.

[At the beginning of Jingdayuan, enter the country with martial arts, rebirth with a drop of blood can make your body immortal. Entering with energy, the soul can be solidified to get out of the body and seize the soul]

This world itself can be seized, but who would have thought that this kind of cross-world travel would actually cause him a symptom of rejection.

Except for the howling of the cold wind, the huge snowfield was silent.

Xu Yuan was speechless for a while, and said softly:

"Rejection?"

Ran Qingmo stared at Xu Yuan and nodded:

"Um."

Xu Yuan narrowed his eyes, smiled ambiguously and said:

"Mr. Ran, what do you mean?"

Ran Qingmo looked directly into Xu Yuan's eyes and said:

"You, not Xu Changtian."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Her voice was still light, as if she was saying another ordinary thing.

The guess in his heart was uttered by the other party himself, perhaps because of the chaos brought about by a long period of coma. At this moment, Xu Yuan found that he was not panicked because his identity was found out.

Now there are only two roads before him.

Admit or deny.

If he denies it, what reason should he use to fool the other party?

If admitted, what are the consequences?

long silence,

Xu Yuan stood up slowly, and under Ran Qingmo's gaze, he picked up the water bag on the side and filled himself with Yanling Liquid to keep warm. Take a look at the endless sea at the foot of the mountain.

During the four days he was in a coma, Ran Qingmo and the big white tiger had dragged him to the mountainside of Tianmen Mountain.

With a rough draft in mind, Xu Yuan looked back at Ran Qingmo, and said slowly:

"Whether I am Xu Changtian is very important to you?"

Without denying it, Xu Yuan admitted it calmly.

All Ran Qingmo needs is a "living" Xu Changtian, a third son who can be used to blackmail the prime minister, but how he "lives" is actually not important.

And this point, the other party must have thought of it, otherwise it would be impossible to bring him in a coma to this Tianmen Mountain according to the original route.

Ran Qingmo thought for a moment, then shook her head:

"It's not important, but why don't you know how to practice?"

When she spoke, a hint of ignorance really flashed in her eyes.

The change in Xu Changtian's personality before and after coma is indeed clearly explained, but if the man in front of him is clearly reborn, why does he look like a baby when it comes to cultivation?

Xu Yuan took the water bag and sat beside Ran Qingmo. With a steady heartbeat, he raised his finger and pointed to his head, and said in a leisurely manner:

"Because my memory is missing a lot, a lot of things are fragmented."

"Including the cave you mentioned?"

"nature."

"What about Xu Changtian himself?"

"I don't know. Maybe the exercises I practice are special. Among these fragmentary memories, there are some from before me, and some of Xu Changtian's are accidentally left."

"Then...how did you know about Jianzong?"


When Xu Yuan heard this, he didn't continue to answer, but shook his head with a smile:

"Mr. Ran, on this matter, didn't we agree not to explore each other?"


Hearing this, Ran Qingmo's beautiful eyes under the black veil flickered for a moment, and finally nodded.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan took advantage of this showdown and continued:

"Although you may not listen, I still want to advise you, that person cannot change his decision because of me or Xu Changtian."

As he said that, he exchanged a glance with Ran Qingmo, and Xu Yuan paused every word:

"If you really want to prevent the destruction of Jianzong, there is a better way, and I can help you."

The fall of Jianzong is an important plot point in "Cang Yuan". If Ran Qingmo is used well, Xu Yuan can reap a lot of benefits.

But Ran Qingmo's eyes did not waver at all, she just looked at him quietly.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan smiled slightly, and stopped persuading:

"My words are always valid. If you change your mind, you can always come to me."

Ran Qingmo's refusal did not exceed Xu Yuan's expectation.

Although he and Ran Qingmo are now grasshoppers on the same rope, their identities determine that it is basically impossible for Ran Qingmo to trust him.

The other party would follow his suggestion, and go to the cave where he was hiding together, mostly because of his low strength, and he could not pose a threat to her at all...

threaten?

and many more.

Xu Yuan's thinking suddenly froze.

He found some problems with his logic.

The premise of going to the cave is that his low strength can not pose a threat to Ran Qingmo, but the sudden onset of "rejection" has invalidated this premise.

At the beginning of the realm, one enters with qi, and one can get out of one's body and seize one's soul when one's soul is condensed.

People in this realm can be said to be the best in the world.

If Xu Yuan remembers correctly, Ran Qingmo has not reached this level at this point in time.

In Ran Qingmo's eyes, the cave that Xu Yuan said he could hide in must have been left behind by him.

In other words, in Ran Qingmo's eyes, Xu Yuan has changed from a helpless dude to a mysterious remnant who can threaten her.

Xu Yuan stared at the woman in black and began to close her eyes again, and many questions came to her mind.

Did she not notice this, or did she notice it and not care?

No, it's impossible for Ran Qingmo not to care.

Confidence, not arrogance.

The formation restriction in the cave of a strong man who reached Yuanchu was already able to pose a threat to Ran Qingmo now.

In this case, why did Ran Qingmo dare to follow him out of the cave?

Thinking of this, an ominous premonition gradually rose in Xu Yuan's heart.

a moment of silence,

Xu Yuan slowly lowered his head to look at the water bag in his hand, or the Yan Lingye in the water bag in his hand.

The basis of their cooperation was that the people behind Yan Lingmang wanted him to die on the way Ran Qingmo kidnapped him.

Thoughts arise.

Xu Yuan realized that,

Something should have happened during the few days he was in a coma.

And this matter caused Ran Qingmo to go to that cave with him.

The moonlight is like a waterfall, and the silence is like water.

"Crackling——"

While his thoughts were churning, there was a sound of stepping on the snow from a distance, Xu Yuan immediately looked back, and he was slightly relieved when he saw the mention of the visitor.

It was the big white tiger.

But at this moment, the big white tiger was a whole circle bigger than when I first saw it four days ago, and it seemed that some kind of mutation had happened. It should be that it had eaten a lot of demon pills behind Ran Qingmo in the past few days.

Humans cannot take the demon pill directly, but it is a great tonic for monsters themselves.

The big white tiger ran all the way, and there was a snow wolf more than two meters long in the tiger's mouth.

The huge figure ran to Ran Qingmo's side, put down the snow wolf in his mouth, naively rubbed his head against the hem of the other's black dress, and cast a disgusted glance at Xu Yuan, refusing to eat the prey, and directly Lie down next to Ran Qingmo and began to doze off.

all is silent,

In the snow-capped mountains under the moonlight, the black-clothed woman and the mammoth white tiger create a harmonious and tranquil picture.

But Xu Yuan's eyes kept falling on the back of the big white tiger.

There,

Where he used to sit,

A deep, bone-deep wound looms large.


		