

Zhou Chen hummed a little song, and without turning his head, he walked slowly towards the top floor of Zuixian Tower.

After leaving the bamboo garden, as soon as he turned his head, he saw a man with a soft face leaning against the blue tile brick wall with his arms folded.

Si Ziyu.

He was not surprised to see the other party, Zhou Chen, and asked with a smile:

"Yo, why are you willing to come out?"

Similar to Ying'er's style, Si Ziyu has been hiding in the dark these days and has never come out, so much so that Xu Yuan thought that Zhou Chen and Ying'er were the only ones protecting him.

Si Ziyu glanced at Zhou Chen, with a smile on his lips:

"Seeing your strange behavior, come out and ask, are you... ready to follow the third young master?"

He has noticed the behavior of the third son these days, as well as the beating of Zhou Chen earlier.

There are indeed some means, but only a few.

It is really surprising that these methods appear on the third son, but if they are used on other noble families, these methods are the most basic way to control people.

The change of the third young master is enough to restrain his old friend, but it is too much to make him as obedient as he is now.

Zhou Chen chuckled, raised his hand and patted Si Ziyu's shoulder, motioned for him to walk and said:

"I never said that I would follow the third son all the time. Helping him do these things can be regarded as making up for the bad things I did before. Moreover, I have no real loss by doing these things, and I can also satisfy the third son's face. Why not Why not?"

paused,

Zhou Chen pointed to the top floor of Zuixian Tower and grinned:

"And it will pay off to make the third son happy."

Si Ziyu knew that the other party was referring to the two sisters, and his eyes looked contemptuous.

Seeing this, Zhou Chen put his arms around Si Ziyu's shoulders, and said with a smile:

"You people just take your face too seriously, and losing face will affect your cultivation state of mind.

"Si Ziyu, look a little wider. Now the third son is innate and Taoist. If the prodigal son turns back, based on my current performance, I will be his first confidant. If there is no turning back, then the fun in basic necessities of life will naturally be indispensable." ~"

The alley was silent, and the conversation between the two was limited to half a foot around them.

Si Ziyu shook his head helplessly, and spat out two words:

"Philippines."

Zhou Chen was not angry either, and nodded in agreement:

"It's true that I am a philistine. I am different from you children of aristocratic families. I am very poor."

Si Ziyu glanced at Zhou Chen, hesitant to speak, but still didn't say anything.

Sighing and pausing, Si Ziyu suddenly asked:

"By the way, what do you think of the change of the third son?"


Hearing this, Zhou Chen immediately glanced sideways at Si Ziyu.

The two looked at each other for a few breaths.

"What do you mean?" The smile in Zhou Chen's voice disappeared.

"Before the eldest son leaves, let us pay attention to the third son." Si Ziyu replied.

"You are a practitioner of qi, you should know better than me that the method of seizing the house will not have memory."


Si Ziyu was silent for a moment, his eyes narrowed:

"It is true that there will be no memory, but Zhou Chen, do you think the former third son would make the previous beating?"

Zhou Chen shook his head and smiled when he heard the words, and asked:

"Si Ziyu, do you think that someone would pay attention to the previous third son who beat him like that?"

"..." Si Ziyu was silent.

Zhou Chen sighed, and patted Si Ziyu on the back:

"Don't think too much, let's just report the truth directly, let the eldest son and Lord Xiangguo make the specific judgments themselves."

"okay."

"Ah, by the way, do you want to go to the top floor with me to play?"

"what?"

"There are two twin sisters~"

"...roll."

"Hahaha...."


Elegant bamboo building, the wing room is quiet.

All sounds from the outside world are blocked.

Sometimes, Xu Yuan would feel that time travel is a good thing.

At least, the identity he has traveled through is a good thing.

Let him see how beautiful these fairy-like heroines are at close range, and even kiss Fangze.

Old LSP.

He didn't say too much to this charming heroine, just now, Xu Yuan was silently admiring the change of expression on Su Jinxuan's face.

He wanted to try to make Su Jinxuan's next move, and figure out which route the protagonist of the story in this world is going.

There are some lines in Cangyuan. Before that, Su Jinxuan met the protagonist, and even developed a secret love for him during the relationship.

The silence in the room continued.

Su Jinxuan pursed her red lips lightly and remained silent for a long time.

Xu Yuan saw that the other party hadn't moved, raised his teacup and took a sip, staring at her charming peach eyes:

"Why don't you move?"

Su Jinxuan finally spoke slowly:

"Sir, don't make things difficult for the little girl..."

"Heh... It seems that Miss Jinxuan needs a little help from my son."

Hearing this, Xu Yuan got up and walked towards Su Jinxuan.

The original body will not be as direct as him.

It's not because of sympathy and love, but because he has eaten too much feast, which makes him enjoy flirting with these beauties very much.

The more foreplay, the tastier it will be at the end.

But this is probably one of the reasons why the original body was turned into a dog licking by Su Jinxuan.

Xu Yuan was not going to give Su Jinxuan any leeway.

It was Mr. Qin's task for her to approach him, so he must be prepared to lose his virginity.

But if Su Jinxuan really has secret feelings for the protagonist of the plot at this moment, then it's not necessarily true.

Walking closer, under the gaze of Su Jinxuan, Xu Yuan directly bent over and raised his hand to grab the woman's low-cut red robe.

Neither fast nor slow, but enough for the other party to react.

Like a boneless delicate body, Su Jinxuan leaned back slightly to avoid it, and pulled the jade hairpin from her temples to her neck, pursing her lips:

"Third Young Master, please don't do this..."

Three thousand black hairs hung down, and the charming woman's eyes showed just the right amount of stubbornness.


Following her words, looking at her expression, Xu Yuan inexplicably felt a trace of unbearable unbearable.

But the next moment,

Seeing the sight of the woman comparing her neck with a hairpin, he couldn't help but chuckle.

"Pfft~"

Seeing this, Su Jinxuan bit the corner of her lips, and pressed the hairpin inward forcefully.

The hairpin pierced the white skin in an instant, and strands of blood flowed into the abyss along the collarbone.


His smile froze, Xu Yuan took a step back slowly, and raised his hand to signal:

"Jinxuan, I was just joking, why do you take it seriously?"

Su Jinxuan stared at Xu Yuan silently.

Xu Yuan smiled and took two steps back again.

At this moment, Su Jinxuan slowly put down the hairpin in her hand, her chest rose and fell slightly, as if she breathed a sigh of relief:

"Third Young Master... this kind of joke should be less..."

"Whoosh—"

A ray of blood-colored Genesis Qi burst out from Xu Yuan's fingertips, shot through the air, and went straight to the other's wrist holding the hairpin.

"what......"

With an exclamation, Su Jinxuan didn't have any ability to resist, and the hairpin in her hand came out directly.

But Xu Yuan, who saw this scene, did not continue to move forward, but took two steps back cautiously.

He found himself on the right track now.

Congenitally tough and sensitive in soul, body, mind, and soul, coupled with the strong rejection of the Blood Origin Heart Fall Art, just as soon as the exercise was in operation, Xu Yuan immediately found that every move of this woman was stirring his thoughts...... .


		