

Xu Yuan has been in a good mood for the past two days.

One is because the first investment has paid off.

Miss Succubus has been working hard in her recent training, and the growth rate of his mind and soul is quite gratifying.

The second reason is that Xu Changge had already arrived in Jiuyuan City this morning.

Yes, it is the Jiuyuan City that the elder brother mentioned when he threatened him before, a small satellite town next to Jingjiang Mansion, which is said to be only forty miles away from Jingjiang Mansion.

The other party's casual threats before were not groundless, and it seemed that Jiuyuan City did have something to deal with.

It is said that old aunt Lou Ji said that there is a problem with a large "monster farm" in the deep mountains over there, which will affect the supply of some kind of soul-type elixir in the southwest.

certainly,

Apart from these appearances, what makes Xu Yuan more happy is the improvement of his own strength.

Ever since he used the bleeding mirror in actual combat that day, he seemed to have broken through some kind of bottleneck, and his actual combat strength was improving rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Although it still takes a long time to fight against those eighth-rank pulse tempering martial disciples, but now these martial disciples can hardly touch him.

Of course, the cost of this style of play is that the consumption of Yuan Qi will increase rapidly.

Originally, Xu Yuan could fight these eighth-rank martial disciples for a whole morning in hand-to-hand combat, but now his energy will be exhausted after five or six rounds.

Come out from the attic in the middle of the lake.

Just as he was thinking about something, Xu Yuan suddenly noticed a group of people dressed as long-term workers standing on the edge of the lake in the wetland.

Somewhat surprised.

This was the first time he had seen so many servants gathered by the lake, and in the past, at most, one or two servants would trim and clean here.

The servants glanced over and made eye contact, and the servants lowered their heads in panic.

Just when Xu Yuan was about to forget about it, he suddenly met a pair of eyes.


The moment of contact, the eyes immediately lowered.

Xu Yuan cast a strange glance at the owner of the eyes.

This is a strong young man in gray linen.

The face is very ordinary, the temperament is also very ordinary, and it is inconspicuous in the crowd.

But for some reason, Xu Yuan looked at him with an inexplicable feeling of peacekeeping.

After a little hesitation, Xu Yuan stopped in his tracks.

The foreman next to him kept paying attention to the three young masters out of the corner of his eye. Eyesight is an essential skill for a small person like him to survive.

Seeing the other party stop, the foreman immediately walked over flatteringly, and rubbed his hands a little awkwardly:

"Hey, what's the third son's order?"

Xu Yuan glanced at the servants and asked aloud:

"Why are these people here?"

Seeing this, the foreman cursed inwardly, and immediately waved his hands quietly at these newly recruited long-term workers, signaling to get out, and at the same time replied in a humble tone:

"These people are new servants and long-term workers in the mansion, and the younger one is now guiding them to familiarize themselves with the environment."


Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows upon hearing this.

New servant?

at this time?

How many days does it take from Changhong Valley to Jingjiang City?

Feeling a little emotional, Xu Yuan subconsciously stopped the servants who were about to leave:

"and many more."


Following the voice of the young man in brocade robe, Qin Mo suddenly caught sight of the great master groom he had seen before walking slowly towards this side from a distance.

My heart trembled slightly:

"Old man..."

"Don't panic, I'm here, this kid just glanced at you, what's the hurry?"

"Hmm..." Qin Mo calmed down slightly.

And the next moment,

He heard the next words of the young man in brocade robe, in a rather bored tone:

"Seldom bring people here to get together by the lake in the future, it's an eyesore."

Hearing the words, the foreman felt a sense of panic in his heart, and hurriedly nodded and bowed and said;

"Yes, yes, these bastards will never appear here again in the future to hinder your eyes, Third Young Master."

Xu Yuan glanced at the foreman:

"You too."

"......"foreman.

short chat,

The foreman walked away with a group of servants with a smile on his face.

Qin Mo, who was in the crowd, felt relieved, let out a long breath, and left with the crowd.

Seeing the crowd walk away, Xu Yuan, who was standing still, let out a long breath.

He shouldn't have called the other party just now.

If there is no problem, then there is no need to stop.

If there is a problem, then his subconscious action just now was to send another head.

Almost made a mistake, but fortunately he reacted quickly.

After thinking about it for a while, the Wuxuan Academy didn't plan to go either.

Xu Yuan realized where the disobedience he felt just now came from.

eyes.

Just now when he glanced over, many servants met his gaze, but the eyes of these servants were all full of panic and shrinking.

But the young man with an ordinary face did not.

Although it was only for a moment, Xu Yuan clearly saw that there was no panic in the other party's eyes.

Some are just calm, even faintly with a kind of condescending self-confidence.

It's as special as standing out from the crowd.

Even if he saw this kind of look in the eyes of a poor scholar, Xu Yuan would not be surprised at all, after all, he has a good reputation.

But it appeared on a long-term worker in the mansion...

This is not the previous life, this is an extraordinary world with strict hierarchy that can suffocate people.

Even the chief stewards in the mansion shy away from seeing him, not to mention the most humble servants in the mansion.

Very abnormal.

Thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan subconsciously thought of Qin Mo, feeling a little absurd in his heart.

Was that person Qin Mo just now?

Xu Yuan thought that the other party might want to come to rescue Su Jinxuan, but he never thought that the other party would dare to come to the mansion to rescue Su Jinxuan.

Before he could find him, he came to the door himself.

The three great masters took out the big formation in the Jingjiang mansion, how dare they come?

Are the protagonists of these plots so courageous now?

Xu Yuan raised his hand and rubbed between his brows.

That's not necessarily the case, then Qin Mo may not know that he has a great master guarding him.

What's more, he still has a soul ring on his body, and a saint lives in that soul ring.

From the perspective of the other party, sneaking into the mansion to save people is not impossible.

"..." Xu Yuan.

"Third Young Master, are you going to Wuxuanyuan?"

Just as he was thinking about something, a voice came from behind Xu Yuan.

It's Zhou Chen.

Xu Yuan glanced at him sideways:

"Rest today, go find Su Jinxuan."

After finishing speaking, he turned around and walked towards the northwest courtyard where the communication formation was located. Recently, Ying'er has been "teaching" Su Jinxuan there.

It is also very simple to verify whether the person just now is Qin Mo, just ask Su Jinxuan to try it out.

The Black Scale Guard had a plan for Qin Mo to rescue Su Jinxuan so that she could go undercover.

But this plan was rejected by Xu Yuan as soon as it came out.

Killing Qin Mo was more important to Xu Yuan than the forces hiding in the dark.

He is very clear about the growth rate of the other party, and he is more aware of the height that the other party can reach in the future.

silent all the way,

Walking into the heavily guarded courtyard, Xu Yuan suddenly asked:

"Mr. Zhou, do you know how the long-term servants in our mansion are recruited?"

"Um?"

Zhou Chen's eyes were slightly surprised, and he subconsciously glanced at the servant who was gradually walking away, and said with a smile:

"I don't know the specifics, but basically they recruit relatives of the elderly in the mansion, and most of the sons inherit their father's business."

"No exceptions?" Xu Yuan continued to ask.

Zhou Chen was a little puzzled as to why the other party would ask this, hesitated a little, and replied truthfully:

"Of course there is, and it's very common. There are many crooked ways to get the third-class long-term worker quota just now. Generally speaking, there are people selling this kind of quota in the mansion."

Zhou Chen has been working his way up from the bottom, and he is very familiar with the ways of making money from the bottom.

Xu Yuan frowned and asked, "Sell?"

Zhou Chen said in a low voice:

"Now the world is a bit chaotic. Many people want to squeeze their heads into the aristocratic family and do long-term work. They even sell themselves as servants. If someone wants to buy, someone will naturally want to sell."

Xu Yuan frowned upon hearing this:

"If we recruit long-term servants like this, won't there be secret workers sneaking in?"

"The third son is careful."

Zhou Chen clasped his fists together, and continued: "The people below this kind of thing will be more or less measured, even if it is sold, they will not sell it to people they don't know. And very few people use this method to invest in fine work, servants spend their entire lives. He is a servant and cannot access any important information."

"Then what if someone uses this to assassinate?" Xu Yuan continued to ask.

"Assassination..."

When Zhou Chen heard the words and was about to answer, Xu Yuan waved his hand first to interrupt, indicating that there is no need to explain.

His last question was a little naive.

Regardless of whether you practice Qi or martial arts, the improvement of your cultivation will continue to improve your physique.

Unless one cultivates to the fourth rank to transform the physical body, or practices some precious secret techniques, it is difficult to hide this kind of physical improvement.

If you have cultivation, just check your physical body.

Servants are not so particular.

As for those who are above the fourth rank or who have cultivated the precious secret method to sneak in and assassinate...

It is easy to be a thief for a thousand days, but it is difficult to prevent a thief for a thousand days.

The assassination with guns in the previous life was difficult to prevent, not to mention the extraordinary world, the other party was willing to spend blood to assassinate, whether there is this channel to enter the mansion is the same.

Seeing this, Zhou Chen changed the subject and asked softly:

"Third Young Master asked this, but are there any doubtful people among those people just now?"

"Um."

Xu Yuan did not deny it.

Although it is impossible to confirm whether it is Qin Mo, it does not affect his arrangement in advance.

Zhou Chen frowned upon hearing this, and looked towards the courtyard where the servants lived.

Seeing the look in his eyes, Xu Yuan immediately reminded:

"Don't act rashly."

Zhou Chen stopped his movements, pondered for two seconds, and asked in a low voice;

"Third Young Master suspects them, but what did you find just now?"

Xu Yuan said truthfully:

"One of the long-term workers has wrong eyes."


Look wrong?

Zhou Chen was obviously taken aback when he heard this, but he reacted immediately and coughed lightly:

"Cough...Third Young Master is cautious, but isn't this a bit too worrying?"

"..." Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan didn't know whether he should be so motivating because of a look.

But now this time node is too coincidental.

Changhong Valley is only a hundred or twenty miles away from Jingjiang Mansion, and it can be reached in a few days, and Qin Mo also has the motivation and ability to sneak into the mansion.

Things that involve your own life must be more cautious.

Without further explanation, Xu Yuan glanced at Zhou Chen and said:

"Did you see that I was worried about other people for so long? Mr. Zhou, I suspect that Qin Mo sneaked in to save Su Jinxuan."

Zhou Chen thought for a while and said:

"The kid who used the eighth-rank tempering vein to reverse the seventh-rank bone training?"

"Yeah." Xu Yuan nodded.

Zhou Chen tentatively said, "Since that's the case, does the third son need Mr. Zhou to take a look?"

Xu Yuan glanced at him and asked back:

"Mr. Zhou, you should have investigated the group of servants just now, right?"

"Naturally explored."

"Can you sense the qi on him?"


Zhou Chen frowned upon hearing this.

Compared with Xu Yuan's judgment through a look, Zhou Chen is naturally more willing to believe in his own investigation results.

But if Xu Yuan's judgment is true, then the pair is a strong person who can block his perception.

Although the probability is very small, the safety of the third son must not be let go even if it is one in ten thousand.

His eyes gradually became dignified, Zhou Chen clasped his fists slightly:

"Third Young Master, can you go back to the house with me, Zhou will go get the sword."

He can take the sword from the air, but there will be fluctuations in the source energy, since he doubts it, then everything needs to be safe.

Xu Yuan pondered for a while, shook his head and refused:

"For the time being, everything is business as usual. Qin Mo chose to pretend to be a long-term worker instead of sneaking in to save people. Obviously, he is still afraid, and it is unlikely that he will act immediately."

"Besides, I'm not sure that that person is Qin Mo, I have to let Su Jinxuan test it first."

finished speaking,

After Xu Yuan paused, he added:

"As for you, Mr. Zhou, um... can you please go to the communication dense array and tell Xu Changge the truth of what I just said."

When fighting a boss, you can be led by a big boss, so naturally you can't do it alone.

He has to shake the big guy over.


		