

This cave should be regarded as a safe house.

In the world line of "Cangyuan"'s royal blood and blood, the situation faced by the protagonist is the same as he is now, and there are also pursuers behind his buttocks, and because the plot has entered the middle stage at that time, these chasers can beat the protagonist in the middle stage to run around the world , naturally not weak.

Although he may not be able to fly in the air like Ran Qingmo, it is still no problem to find someone by flying over the edge of the cliff.

But even so, those who chased and killed them never found the protagonist of the plot staying in this cave.

Presumably, there should be something outside the cave or a formation blocking the perception.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan looked around the cave again.

Xu Yuan didn't pay attention when he first woke up, and then Xu Yuan realized that there is no entrance and exit in this cave.

It's like an empty groove embedded in the mountain.

The way he and Ran Qingmo were sucked in should be by triggering some kind of set up teleportation array.

Through a simple analysis of past memories and existing information, he came to the conclusion that the cave is generally safe, and then he completely relaxed.

Traveling through so many days, it is not considered to be temporarily safe in the real sense until now.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan sighed slightly.

If it wasn't for the fact that his way of time travel was not too low-level, he might have been taken back by the original father's subordinates to be the second generation ancestor of Dinghao.

Why is this.

Xu Yuan shook his head and stopped thinking about it.

He was never one to be afraid of questions.

When a problem arises, it is useless to complain, then find a way to solve it, a very simple truth.

Sitting on the head of the ice jade bed, Xu Yuan began to look through the book in his hand called "Xue Yuan Xin Yu Jue" by the dim light of the night pearl embedded in the stone wall.

This thing is currently the only feasible way to solve the repulsion between his body and mind and soul.

Although he had already obtained a Blood Spirit Fusion Pill, he couldn't take it directly.

Medicines are three-point poisonous, and elixirs that are of great benefit to practitioners may be highly poisonous to ordinary people.

As a kind of elixir refined from various top-level natural materials and earth treasures, the Xueling Fushen Pill contained the Pang Ran Yuan Qi that was not something an ordinary person like Xu Yuan could digest.

If you eat it directly, you will probably end up in a violent death.

But fortunately, I have this book in my hand.

This thing is the key to solving the instability of his body and soul.

Live to death, to train the body and soul - the description in the formula book.

However, when the cheats become a reality, Xu Yuan will not be able to "learn with one click" by moving the mouse like in the game if he wants to practice well.

for a while,

In this small cave, there is only the occasional rustling of paper books turning pages.

In the silence, Ran Qingmo calmly adjusted his breath to heal his wounds, and Xu Yuan silently read the exercises.

Time passed by, I don't know how long it has passed.

Xu Yuan on the bedside suddenly closed the book, let out a long breath, leaned against the bedside, closed his eyes and meditated.

This is the first time he has come into contact with the exercises of this world in a real sense.

There is novelty and excitement, but more of it is ignorance.

Obviously they are all Chinese characters, and he can understand them when they are read separately, but why can’t he fix them if they are connected together?

What is Qiyuan point, what is Baihaimai, what is sucking energy into the body, what is the source of heart, mind and soul...

who I am?

where am I?

What are these things?

Why can other traversers practice directly after getting this exercise, but I can't even understand the words?


silence.

Raising his hand and rubbing the center of his eyebrows vigorously, Xu Yuan's thoughts were a little complicated.

obviously,

The only three blood-red grade exercises in the "Cang Yuan" in the "Xue Yuan Xin Yu Jue" are not elementary school entry-level things.

Roughly speaking, it goes like this:

You have already learned Chinese characters, go and try rubbing nuclear bombs.

After reading it through thoroughly, Xu Yuan's only gain is a general understanding of the general process of getting started, the Blood Element Meteor Art.

Take the Evil Meteor Pill and the Blood Spirit Fusion Pill together.

The first stage of Emeteor Pill's medicinal effect will directly impact the meridians hidden among the limbs and bones of the human body.

Compared with practitioners, ordinary people's meridians are blocked.

Just like Ran Qingmo couldn't use qi to heal Xu Yuan, an ordinary person like him, the impact of the Ememe pill's medicinal effect would physically split the impacted meridians.

When the meridians are completely split, the body will enter a state of near-death.

And when the body is extremely close to death, the mind and soul will disperse.

At this time, the effect of the second stage of the Emeteor Pill spreads, which will speed up the speed of the dispersion of the mind and soul countless times.

If it continues, death is inevitable.

However, the effect of the Blood Spirit Fusion Pill is to condense the mind and soul, and recondense the dispersed mind and soul.

The effects of the two medicines that are completely to the left are blended, and they are supplemented by the operation of the blood yuan heart death art.

The mind and soul in the body will be continuously broken up and then condensed, and so on and on, and finally the body and the mind and soul will be perfectly matched.

And in the process of dying again and again, the huge medicinal effect of the blood spirit fusion pill will also be used to repair the damage of the body and mind and soul.

Practicing this blood element death heart art that lives towards death can be said to be close to death. As long as you lose your mind for a short time during a certain near-death process and fail to perform the exercises in time, you will die in a real sense.

However, relative to the danger, there are extremely rich rewards.

Once you get started, not only will your body and soul become extremely solid, but all the 127 meridians inside your body will be unblocked!


		