

Changhong Valley, a dark and airtight cave.

A melodious female voice came from a distance, with some echoes unique to the slender corridor:

"Why are you so careful? Even if Qin Mo breaks through, he's only a seventh rank."

"Heh...be careful?" With a freehand chuckle, a rather light male voice sounded: "Am I very careful? I think I'm already very courageous."

"Then Qin Mo has been away from here for two days."

"Seventh Grade is of course not worth noting, but Yu Lan, guess why this little guy found it all the way after entering Changhong Valley?"

"You mean... the soul ring?"

"Well, I suspect that the soul ring is in the hands of this kid. Even if there is a map to guide him, he would never be so straightforward. He came straight here without stopping. There is a high probability that someone is guiding him in real time."

The cave was long and slender, and accompanied by the sound of talking, two small footsteps came from far to near.

And as the footsteps approached, two figures gradually appeared inside the cave passage.

A ball of light floated gently behind the two of them, illuminating their appearances.

The woman has a beautiful figure and is dressed in Western Region costumes. Even in winter, she still shows her toned belly and large expanse of snow-white skin.

The man has a handsome face, with a cynical casualness in his eyes.

Yu Lan pondered for a while:

"I read the records in ancient books, if it is really a soul ring, then there is a saint living in it."

Hearing this, the casualness in Qin Weijiu's eyes dissipated a lot, and he brought on a faint respect:

"It is precisely because I know this that I am so cautious."

Yu Lan hesitated slightly: "Then this Qin Mo..."

"He can't die." Qin Weijiu said.

Originally, his plan was not to help each other. Regardless of whether Qin Mo and Xu Yuan lived or died, they could provoke the life-and-death enmity between the Xiangguo Mansion and the Burial Village. Now it seems that he needs to intervene secretly to help Qin Mo.

After all, he has a saint on his body.

Yu Lan pondered for a while, and said softly;

"But the Phantom Soul Demon Body has sent a message saying that she has not been able to get it yet. Xu Changtian probably won't leave the city. If Qin Mo wants to save her, wouldn't he want to go into the city?"

After a pause, her eyes were a little serious: "There is a large formation in Jingjiang City, even the two of us will be very dangerous."

Qin Weijiu's eyes flickered for a moment, and he said:

"Now Jinxuan can travel freely in Xu's mansion, find a chance to pick her up, this Qin Mo is more important than that Xu Yuan."

After a pause, a smile flashed in his eyes: "And that girl Jinxuan seems to have a crush on Qin Mo, so I really forced her to get close to Xu Changtian this time."


The woman was silent for a few breaths, and reminded coldly:

"Qin Weijiu, I hope you don't forget who did what happened more than ten years ago. It's best to control the speed of play."

Qin Weijiu glanced at her and said:

"After more than ten years, even a dog will have feelings, let alone a human? Don't worry, I will handle it well."

"It's up to you, anyway, just be careful not to be backlashed by the succubus." Yu Lan didn't want to say any more.

During the speech, the two fell into silence.

The end of the cave gradually came into view, this space wrapped in secret patterns.

Qin Weijiu sensed for a moment, and looked sideways at the woman beside him;

"rely on you."

After speaking, he sat aside and began to adjust his breath.

Yu Lan snorted softly, and her mind and soul came out to detect it and began to sense it carefully.

There seems to be no concept of time in the silent and dark space.

After an unknown amount of time passed, Yu Lan leaned down, and lightly pressed her hand on the center of the patterns on the ground.

The next moment, amidst the surge of Yuan Qi, a hollow, pitch-black light mass covered with white light appeared in the cave.

Without words, the two looked at each other and walked in one after another.

That's what they're here for.

Money and silk are touching, not to mention the cultivation resources of a whole secret realm.

With Qin Mo's cultivation level, he would definitely not be able to go to many places. When they came here, they packed up and took away all the precious medicinal materials and cultivation resources.

But after entering the secret realm, the scene inside was completely beyond the imagination of Qin Weijiu and Yu Lan.

The two of them didn't see the house-like fairyland as they had imagined. What they saw was just the boundless blood mist and the huge black shadow wandering between the sky and the earth...


Qin Weijiu frowned at the strange scene in front of him, and secretly began to exercise his exercises to be vigilant.

There was a golden glow in his eyes, and he saw through the mist those huge bodies roaming in the mist and those strange figures floating in the air:

"This mist? And what are these monsters?"

Yu Lan kept looking around, and suddenly reminded:

"Qin Weijiu, wrap yourself with your mind and soul, go down first and then talk."

Although Qin Weijiu didn't know the reason, he immediately followed the advice of the woman beside him and wrapped his whole body with his soul.

Falling to the ground, Qin Weijiu asked softly, looking at the dense blood mist that was almost invisible to the eye.

"What is this fog? Ghost fog?"

Monsters, beasts and human beings died too densely somewhere, if not dealt with, the rich death energy would slowly form a ghost mist.

The demons and ghosts are rampant inside, which can be called purgatory on earth.

But according to common sense, the ghost fog should be as black as ink, why is there a strange blood color here?

Yu Lan's tone was a bit dignified:

"This is not ghost mist, it's the abyss created by the other ghosts, and those monsters were also alienated by the other ghosts."


Hearing this, Qin Weijiu narrowed his eyes and instantly understood.

Many ancient books that recorded that disaster and the disaster of the world have been handed down to this day, and he has naturally read some of them.

Therefore, he naturally knows what a different ghost is and what a deep gap is.

Just like the ink that enters the clear water will quickly fade away, once the abyss caused by the erosion of the ghosts is formed, this strange blood mist will continue to erode and pollute everything in the space.

Of course, this kind of erosion and pollution is for the human race.

Just like the ghost fog is a jeopardy for the human race, but it is heaven for the ghosts, the former ghosts are even more comfortable with the environment of Jianyuan.

Thinking about it, Qin Weijiu sighed slightly:

"It turned out to be a secret realm that was breached by the ghosts, what a pity."

This deep blood mist will corrupt the elixir and various cultivation resources. If the cultivator uses it directly, if it is not handled properly, it will be transformed into a strange ghost.

Of course, the abyss can also be cleaned up.

It's just that this secret place is located in Jingjiang Mansion, so it's hard for them to reach out to Jingjiang Mansion.

In other words, they can only give up this secret realm.

Yu Lan looked around and punched, and asked directly:

"Should we just leave or destroy it?"

The alien ghosts are very harmful. If these alienated monsters in this secret realm are released, at least the lives of a prefecture will be ruined.

Looking around at the huge black shadows hidden in the blood mist, Qin Weijiu's lips curled into a slightly emotional smile.

This was the first time he saw the scene in the abyss with his own eyes.

Monster beasts that have been eroded and alienated by other ghosts have eternal life, but they can only be walking corpses.

After thinking for a long time, Qin Weijiu shook his head slightly:

"Let's keep it for now, then Qin Mo may come back. As for leaving... it is not possible to leave now. The saint guides Qin Mo to enter this secret realm. There must be something we can use in this secret realm to go deep. Look around, if you can't find it within three days, go out and look at Qin Mo."

"it is good."


Outside Changhong Valley,

"Ah chirp!"

A sneeze sounded from the dense forest. Qin Mo, who was advancing step by step with the ancient ingot long knife in his hand, suddenly stopped, rubbed the tip of his nose, frowned and muttered to himself:

"Why do you always feel a little restless recently?"

But as soon as he finished speaking, a slightly teasing middle-aged male voice sounded from the bottom of his heart:

"Uneasy? Are you worried that the ghost body will be eaten first? I told you to rest assured that Xu Changtian won't even be able to touch her with a single finger."

When Qin Mo heard the voice, he didn't pay attention to the content, his eyes lit up slightly, and asked:

"Old man, when did you wake up?"

The old man has been silent since fetching the secret treasure of resurrection.

This made Qin Mo, who had long been accustomed to the other party whispering in his ear, very uncomfortable, and it was inevitable that he would be a little happy to hear the other party's voice again.

The middle-aged male voice is obviously in a good mood:

"I just woke up, why, want to be my teacher?"

"I didn't recognize you as a teacher." Qin Mo complained.

The deep middle-aged male voice laughed:

"Practice my skills, take the pills I left behind, I also gave you all the martial arts skills, and now I have to protect you well, this is not called a master, what is a master? Heh, back then, I don't know how many people knelt down and begged me Accepting disciples, you kid is in the midst of blessings, but you don’t know your blessings..."

Qin Mo also smiled when he heard the words:

"Okay, okay, I know you are amazing, old man."

"Ah......"

The middle-aged man chuckled lightly, then asked, "Are you going back to Jingjiang City now?"

Qin Mo was silent for a while, and said in a low voice, "Well, I may need your help, old man."

Seeing this, the middle-aged male voice knew in his heart that this kid was really going to save his beauty, with a leisurely tone:

"What do you want me to do? Attack? It's nothing to worry about, but there are other formations in the city, so I'm afraid I won't be able to stay for long."

Qin Mo smiled slightly: "Of course it's impossible, I'm going to sneak into the mansion of the Xu Mansion and rescue Jinxuan."

Hearing the words, the middle-aged male voice replied with a relaxed tone:

"Do you want me to help you cover up your breath? It's not difficult."

Qin Mo was silent for two seconds, with a serious tone:

"thanks."

There was a hint of a smile in the deep voice of the middle-aged male:

"You're welcome, if you really want to thank me, then call me teacher..."

But halfway through his speech, he suddenly stopped for a moment.

The next moment, his voice accelerated slightly:

"Someone is coming! Don't talk to me!"

After finishing speaking, without waiting for Qin Mo to react, the middle-aged male voice fell silent temporarily.

The incident happened suddenly, Qin Mo was a little dazed, he didn't understand what happened, and he didn't understand that the old man's voice was so urgent.

While wondering,

"Clatter——"

The dense canopy above Qin Mo's head suddenly made a crackling sound.

Then,

A beautiful figure in black clothes like ink appeared in front of Qin Mo.

The sudden appearance made Qin Mo's pupils shrink slightly, and he subconsciously took half a step back.

This is a woman.

The face is covered with a black veil so that the face cannot be seen clearly, the curve is exquisite, and the black straight long hair like a waterfall hangs behind her back. She holds a three-foot black sword in her hand and a bulging travel bag on her back.

Her quiet and calm eyes are like an eternal cold pool.

The sunlight between the canopy shone on her body, and the tranquility was beautiful.

The woman in black nodded to Qin Mo who was opposite, and said in a low voice, her voice was as clear as her eyes:

"Um...well, do you know how to get to Jingjiang City?"

"..." Qin Mo.

ah? Do you just ask for directions?

With a little vigilance in his eyes, Qin Mo said in a low voice:

"Know."

Hearing this, a light flashed in the woman's quiet eyes, but her tone remained calm:

"Can you talk to me?"

Qin Mo was silent for a moment, raised his head to identify the direction slightly, pointed to the east, and said in a low voice:

"Pass here, and you can arrive in less than two days."

The woman nodded slightly, silently took off the bag and took out a few pieces of silver from it, leaned over and placed it on the ground:

"thanks."

finished speaking,

"Ugh—"

The woman disappeared suddenly, just as suddenly as she came.

Silence returned to the dense forest, Qin Mo stood quietly in place for a long time, walked over silently to pick up the silver

At this time, the voice of the silent middle-aged man who disappeared just now also slowly sounded:

"It's a bit powerful."

"What?" Qin Mo put the silver into his arms.

The middle-aged male voice seemed to be a little emotional:

"This little girl is already a grand master in less than 29 years, and her cultivation speed is faster than mine."

Qin Mo was stunned: "If you are less than eighteen years old, you are a great master?"

"Ah...."

The middle-aged male voice suddenly chuckled and said:

"Don't be so surprised, this world is very big, and there are as many geniuses as there are geniuses.

"Of course, a girl like Cai Cai should already be considered one of the best in her generation regardless of her age."


Hearing this, Qin Mo's heart was inexplicably heavy, and he looked down at the knife in his hand.

At about the same age, he had only entered the seventh rank, and he was already in the realm of a third rank master.

The middle-aged male voice seemed to have sensed Qin Mo's mood, and softly comforted him:

"Don't underestimate yourself, you have accumulated a lot of money, and after practicing my exercises, your achievements in the future will never be smaller than that girl."

Qin Mo heaved a long sigh:

"okay."

Seeing this, the middle-aged male voice stopped persuading him, and instead smiled and said:

"By the way, boy, why didn't you go with her just now? Anyway, you are going to Jingjiang City. If you make friends with such a woman, it will be good for you in the future."

"Walking together, you won't be exposed?"

"Of course not, it's just that I can't communicate with you."


Qin Mo counted his breath quietly, and suddenly said:

"Actually, I had the idea of ​​going with her just now, but I always felt that if I went to Jingjiang City with her, I would be in danger."

The middle-aged male voice was a little surprised: "Why? Seeing her actions just now, it is obvious that she is not a villain."

Ask for a way and return the money.

Qin Mo shook his head:

"I don't know, but I always feel inexplicably uncomfortable."

The middle-aged male voice sighed faintly:

"It's better to be cautious, the strength is weak, it's better not to sway in front of such a strong person, the slightest offense may be killed.

"Okay, I'll continue to rest. Hurry up and hurry up. I'll wake up when you enter Jingjiang City."


		