

Zhou Chen didn't answer Xu Yuan's words.

He is very clear about what to say and what not to say. It is best for him to keep his mouth shut about Xiangguo's family affairs.

For a moment, both of them fell silent.

Xu Yuan stared at the young ladies with bare feet and long sleeves who were good at dancing on the stage in the lobby, thinking about this fourth sister in his mind.

Of course he knew the Fourth Miss of Xiangguo Mansion.

One of the heroines of Cangyuan, Xu Xinyao.

However, until just now, Xu Yuan's impression of Xu Xinyao was still basically based on the cognition of his previous life, and he didn't deliberately look through the memory of his original body.

Yes.

Just now when Xu Yuan called Xu Xinyao a bitch, he wanted to scold Xu Xinyao completely on his own, without selfish intentions, it was all about emotion.

He doesn't like the heroine.

But after Zhou Chen's reminder, Xu Yuan began to search for information about his fourth sister in his mind.

Most of the memories are incomplete and fuzzy, but they can roughly piece together the way the two get along.

Now his relationship with this fourth sister can be said to be extremely bad.

Xu Yuan was really not surprised by this.

According to the original body's original virtues, it's not normal to have a good relationship.

But it is worth mentioning that the relationship between brother and sister was not bad when they were young.

Even judging from his memory, he seemed to have secretly liked his righteous sister when he was a child.

Like orthopedics.

Because Xu Xinyao was gentle and kind since childhood.

The light of the two elder brothers, the mediocre Xu Changtian has been autistic since he was a child.

However, when he was a child, because of the company of his two elder brothers to comfort him, Yuan's autism wasn't too obvious.

But when Xu Changge and Xu Changan reached the age of curly hair and traveled abroad, it became more and more obvious.

Fortunately, Xu Xinyao, a younger sister, was willing to stay by his autistic child's side all the time.

In literary terms,

She is the softest light in his heart.

But even such a soft light has gradually become a searchlight as it grows up.

The original body of the thorn could not open its eyes.

And the most important thing is that this beam of light also left after staying for two years.

After Xu Xinyao's interest and talent in matchmaking was discovered, she was asked by the old man if she wanted to go out and learn it.

Yuanshen begged her not to leave, but she left anyway.

The original body who was still a brat regarded this as a betrayal.

And what happened later was just like what Xu Yuan recalled before.

The original body became a complete autistic child.

When Xu Xinyao returned from her studies, Xu Changtian had completely changed.

Seeing her third brother, who had always been taciturn, gradually turn bad, the kind-hearted Xu Xinyao wanted to dissuade him.

But who is Xu Changtian?

A man of god who can't get his own brother back with a whip, will be dissuaded by the words of your righteous sister?

The result of persuasion is often that Xu Xinyao will file a complaint. After Xu Changge went out and returned home, the original body was hung up and beaten.

Yuanchen, whose personality was completely distorted, kept all these things in Xu Xinyao's head.

He began to attack the other party's birth, began to call her a bastard, and even started to attack her.

In the beginning, Xu Xinyao's kindness made her not give up on the third brother, but she couldn't stand Xu Changtian's increasingly distorted character.

As the actions in the imperial capital became more and more absurd and unscrupulous, the two brothers and sisters also gradually broke up completely.

In less than ten years, the relationship between the two has almost deteriorated to the point of not saying a word...

After the memory was over, Xu Yuan's eyes showed a hint of embarrassment, but soon the embarrassment became playful.

Xu Xinyao, a perfect heroine.

But when he played "Cangyuan" in his previous life, Xu Yuan never liked this fourth lady of the Xiangguo Mansion.

Now that he has the memory of his original body, Xu Yuan's attitude towards her has changed somewhat.

As a heroine in "Cangyuan", Xu Xinyao is qualified.

Since the accidental acquaintance in the early stage, she has given a lot of material help to the protagonist of the plot controlled by Xu Yuan.

At first, Xu Yuan actually quite liked her.

After all, who doesn't love rich women?

Xu Xinyao's character has quite a few emotional lines in "Cangyuan".

Get acquainted, take risks, and eventually fall in love.

Get acquainted, fall in love and kill each other, and finally fall in love.

Getting acquainted, saving the beauty by a hero, taking risks, and finally falling in love.

From the perspective of the protagonist of the plot, Xu Xinyao is really perfect.

In addition to being rich, she is gentle, kind, and considerate, and even has the strength to help the protagonist in the plot.

But the problem is,

At that time, Xu Yuan could not only act as the protagonist of the plot, but also had a God's perspective on the characters in "Cangyuan".

As the other party's identity was gradually revealed, Xu Yuan became indifferent to this role.

In the late stage of many world lines in "Cangyuan", when the situation in Xiangguofu's lineage gradually collapsed and declined due to the disruption of the protagonist of the plot, out of consideration for their own interests, or out of the desire to survive, many people They all chose to betray his father.

And in these world lines, among those who betrayed was the distinguished Fourth Miss Xu Xinyao.

even,

In some world lines, her betrayal also played a role in lifting the weight.

Xu Yuan has always believed that everyone has their own set of behavioral logic in doing things.

Because of human imperfection, this set of logic can have conflicts and double standards, but no matter what you do, you must start from your own standpoint.

And Xu Xinyao completely deviated from her own position.

Because I feel that the protagonist of the plot is the party of justice, and because I feel that the actions of my adoptive father have caused the misery of the common people in the world.

Therefore, she chose to kill relatives righteously.

Very great, very upright, very fatherly and filial.


Thinking so far, Xu Yuan inexplicably wanted to laugh, but after laughing twice, he shook his head slightly.

Xu Yuan hasn't been to other places in the actual Great Yan Dynasty, so he doesn't know.

But in "Cangyuan", this world has long been undercurrents.

The barbarians in the north, Gu Yuan in the southwest, and the sects within the Yan Dynasty, and many other forces are already very restless.

Xu Xinyao, as the Fourth Miss of the Xiangguo Mansion, knew these things.

But she wants to seek a solution that can coordinate the parties without using force.

She thought about it, and she did it.

In many world lines, she has been working hard for it, but unfortunately every world line her efforts will eventually become a joke.

Because in this chess game that was destined to be chaotic, her father became the first person to make a move.

Like a breakdown of faith.

she began to struggle,

she began to struggle,

She... chose to betray.

betray.....

Xu Yuan let out a long breath, and a look of helplessness flashed across his eyes.

Sure enough, no matter how good-looking she was in his memory, he still couldn't like this woman.

I don't ask you to give up your beliefs to help, but at least you have to remain neutral and not help each other, right?

Anyone can betray the Prime Minister, but only you, the Fourth Miss, Xu Xinyao, can't.

It is he who gave you a home when you were most helpless.

It is he who pulls you to the clouds, who are hungry, and gives you the best education, the best material, and the best everything that can be provided to you.

Nurturing grace is greater than birth grace, not the biological father is better than the biological father, not the biological mother is better than the biological mother, the eldest brother and the second elder brother also treat you as if you were born.

result,

You choose to stab them in their weakest place when they least expect it.


		