

"Tsk... my head hurts... my body is so cold..."

Accompanied by the bleak cold wind, Xu Yuan woke up from the chaos again, and a kind of internal and external headache made Xu Yuan not want to open his eyes.

The clothes on his body were wet, and the biting cold wind was blowing on the wet clothes, constantly taking away the few heat from his body.

Almost instantly, Xu Yuan realized that his body had lost its temperature.

Opening his eyes little by little, Xu Yuan's memories of before he passed out flooded his mind like a flood.

Time travel, Giant Buddha, and the sap of the woman in black.

Having roughly figured out the situation he was in, Xu Yuan moved his eyes with some difficulty and began to look at the surrounding environment along with bouts of internal and external headaches.

It seems to be a cave here, not big, only four or five meters deep.

It was already dawn outside the cave, and the rain was still falling, but this time there was no bonfire in the Buddhist hall, and the cave was a little cold.

The woman in black was sitting at the entrance of the cave with her eyes closed and resting her mind. Her sword was lying flat beside her, and there was a familiar wooden stick beside the blade.

"..." Xu Yuan.

Pursing his somewhat dry and whitish lips, Xu Yuan moved his body little by little and leaned against the cold stone wall behind him.

Just this simple movement made his frail body start to pant.

The relatively good family background in his previous life allowed him to have enough time and money to experience various kinds of life, and wild adventure travel is one of them.

And it was precisely because of this that Xu Yuan knew that he was seriously ill now from his past experience.

Hypothermia, high fever, and even some dehydration.

Xu Yuan looked at the woman in black who covered her face with tulle at the entrance of the cave.

The other party's smooth black hair was wet against his cheeks, and his clothes were also soaked, and he was dressed in black against that graceful curve.

Seeing this scene, Xu Yuan didn't feel any charm, but suddenly had a cerebral hemorrhage.

He suddenly understood why Xu Changtian, the third son in "Cangyuan", had several world lines and died on the road of being kidnapped in a bizarre way.

When he learned about the plot through memories, Xu Yuan wondered why Xu Changtian died so abstractly with a master like Ran Qingmo by his side.

The current personal experience directly gave him the answer.

This idiot woman, actually... actually brought him, a knocked out patient, here through the winter rain, and then left him alone!

This kind of rainy winter night is of course nothing to her, but it can be fatal to an ordinary person.

There was silence in the cave, and the sound of pattering rain seeped in from outside the cave.

Taking a deep breath, Xu Yuan said weakly:

"Ran Qingmo..."

The originally gentle and jade-like voice has become extremely hoarse.

The woman at the entrance of the cave slowly opened her eyes when she heard the words, and looked at him calmly.

Xu Yuan gasped for breath, and weakly paused every word;

"You...you want me to die right here?"

Ran Qingmo covered her face with a black veil, she blinked her beautiful eyes slightly, and shook her head.

On the issue of Xu Yuan's life, she and Xu Yuan's views are highly unified.

Xu Yuan resisted the discomfort in his body:

"If you don't want me to freeze to death, just... just make a fire for me."

Ran Qingmo stared at Xu Yuan for two seconds, blinked her beautiful eyes for a long time, and replied seriously:

"But, the fire pocket is gone."

Xu Yuan opened his mouth, and then asked, "Where's your qi?"

The "Qi" that exists in this world can almost be said to be a universal source of energy.

Although this is not shown in the game "Cangyuan", as an extraordinary world where the top combat power can turn the huge capital city into ruins, no matter how you think about such a simple matter of starting a fire, it should not be difficult for the great master in front of you.

Ran Qingmo blinked her beautiful eyes twice, got up from the ground, walked slowly in front of Xu Yuan, stretched out a slender hand and put it in front of Xu Yuan.

A hint of doubt flashed in Xu Yuan's eyes.

soon,

Then he noticed a whirlwind quietly condensed on her hand, and in an instant a lump of ice with a diameter of more than ten centimeters condensed in her hand.

Holding the ice lump in his hand, Ran Qingmo didn't seem to feel the cold at all, blinked his eyes, and handed it to Xu Yuan:

"Ice, can I?"


Looking at the big ice lump in front of him, Xu Yuan subconsciously felt that this woman was joking with him again.

But after seeing the other party's serious eyes, Xu Yuan endured the urge to suffer from a cerebral hemorrhage, and took a deep breath:

"I'm sick and need a campfire, hot water and food."

heard that,

Ran Qingmo stared at Xu Yuan's face for two seconds, as if to confirm his status.

two seconds later,

She silently walked to a luggage in the corner of the cave, rummaged through it, found a water bag and a piece of dry biscuit, walked back to Xu Yuan, and handed them to him.

Xu Yuan looked at the food and water in his hand, then at the woman in front of him, her forehead and lips trembling slightly from the cold:

"Where is the fire? Make a fire... What I need most now is a source of heat and hot water...."

"But, the fire book is gone."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan was so angry that his eyes went black for a while, and a suffocating dizziness came to his heart.

The drowsiness and dizziness brought about by the illness kept urging him to fall into a deep sleep, but he knew that if he fell asleep at this time, it would probably last his whole life.

Quickly restraining his mind and stabilizing his consciousness, Xu Yuan licked his pale lips and said:

"Okay...can you help me pass on the exercises and heal my wounds?"

The medical system in this world is very old, but because of the existence of qi, it is no worse than the previous life to some extent.

But in this kind of deep mountains and old forests, it is obvious that there is no hope.

However, Xu Yuan remembered that in the plot of "Cangyuan", there was an old-fashioned plot of passing on exercises to heal injuries.

Hearing this, Ran Qingmo threw away the lump of ice in his hand, and sat down in front of Xu Yuan. Without considering the difference between men and women, he lifted up his clothes and pointed a slender jade to his lower abdomen.

Feeling a coldness creeping into his lower abdomen, Xu Yuan was overjoyed.

But the next moment,

The cold feeling disappeared instantly, and Ran Qingmo suddenly moved his hand away again.

Eyes wide open in the cave,

Xu Yuan's voice was hoarse:

"What's wrong?"

Ran Qingmo blinked twice, and said in a low voice:

"If you don't have qi, you will die."

Xu Yuan looked down at himself:

"why?"

"You don't have qi."

"..." Xu Yuan.

When the passing settings in the game become reality, the skipped details will be automatically completed automatically.

Qi, a miraculous substance, can indeed help people heal wounds.

But the essence of imparting gong to heal injuries is actually to use the qi of others to guide the qi in one's own body, and then run in the opened meridians.

The places they pass by will be repaired bit by bit by qi, and harmful substances will also be swallowed by qi.

Ordinary people have not started to practice, and the meridians will always be blocked.

Xu Yuan's entrance is only that big, Ran Qingmo's qi can't get in naturally, and the result of forcing it in is that it will crack.

literally,

split.

Knowing the principle, there was silence in the cave.

Weakly leaning against the cold stone wall, Xu Yuan found that his body was in an unexpectedly poor condition, and he no longer had the strength to take off his wet clothes.

Because of the fever and hypothermia, his current consciousness has begun to blur, and his willpower to survive is the only way to survive.

In his previous life, he also lost his temperature once when he went on an expedition to Iceland, but fortunately, he was accompanied by a wild survival expert of Deye's level among his companions, so he managed to survive.

As for now?

Xu Yuan glanced at the woman beside him.

Ran Qingmo sat quietly beside Xu Yuan, her black eyebrows frowned slightly, as if she was worrying about how to solve the problem that the meat ticket in front of her was going to die of illness.

Being taken care of by a big ice lump who didn't understand anything, Xu Yuan didn't think he could wake up after falling asleep.

Little by little, he searched for ways to start a fire in the wild, but he rejected them all.

Either there are no tools, or there are not enough materials. Even the most basic method of drilling wood for fire is impossible to find suitable dry firewood and sawdust under this heavy rain.

in silence,

Time just passed by like this.

Xu Yuan's vision gradually dimmed, and his body fell uncontrollably towards the ground beside him.

The scene before the vision disappears is frozen in the scene where the woman in black gets up and walks out of the cave.

Where is she...going?

Finally, thoughts flashed, and eyes fell into darkness...


		