

Walking in the long and narrow stairway leading to the ground, the surrounding is death-like darkness.

The footsteps of the two were so light that Xu Yuan could clearly hear the disordered breathing of the woman beside him.

She clutched his wrist.

He clenched his hands tightly, as if he was afraid that this sense of reality would suddenly dissipate.

Xu Yuan walked up silently.

Su Jinxuan's charming eyebrows and eyes no longer had the charm they first saw, only a trace of pitiful helplessness.

"In such a quiet environment, how did Miss Su sleep well these days?"

The man's gentle and jade-like voice suddenly resounded in the silent long corridor.

this time,

He wasn't calling her Jinxuan.

Silence for two seconds,

Her slightly trembling voice came:

"Xu...Xu Changtian, you, you are a devil, if you have the ability to kill me directly."

She didn't call him the third son again.

Surface intimacy around the bush does nothing.

she fears,

she hates,

She wanted to kill the devilish man beside her.

Xu Yuan was not annoyed when he heard the words, and chuckled lightly:

"I'm a devil, so why does Miss Su hold me so tightly?"

"..." Su Jinxuan was silent, but she didn't let go.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan pulled his hand casually, and pulled his wrist out of the opponent's tightly clenched hands.

"what...."

The sense of reality in her hand disappeared, and Su Jinxuan immediately let out a panicked exclamation, and then began to desperately grope for his existence.

Xu Yuan controlled the sound of his footsteps and stepped aside silently, Yuan Qi entered his eyes, silently looking at the woman who kept groping in the dark corridor.

Was her reaction exaggerated?

Not exaggerating.

When he went to the experience hall to do this, even counting the time he fell asleep, he only persisted for a few hours.

In the first few minutes, I felt very novel and indifferent, and even the softness around me felt very comfortable.

But as time goes by, the silent darkness will make the impatience in my heart quickly start to spread.

If you want to persevere at this time, you have to distract your attention and think about some past things.

That's what Xu Yuan did in the re-experience hall at the beginning, and he fell asleep because of the sleepiness of the previous day after thinking about it.

But do you think everything will be fine after falling asleep?

No no no.

The highlight is after waking up, the kind of loneliness where there is no sound around, deep softness, struggling, unable to make a sound, as if falling into an abyss forever, is what makes people desperate.

And these complicated negative despairs appeared because Xu Yuan had a psychological construction and knew that he could release the shackles at any time.

After Su Jinxuan woke up, there was no professional staff to help her loosen when she was struggling.

She didn't know how long she would be tied up in this kind of place.

All that was waiting for her was struggling, struggling until she was tired and fell asleep, and then woke up and was swallowed by the dead silence that did not know time or space.

Go back and forth every week.

After ten days, Su Jinxuan is not crazy now, Xu Yuan is already very admired.

After groping for a while, Su Jinxuan couldn't find his body again, so she crouched on the ground with her hands folded over her chest.

She didn't beg for mercy, but bit her lip stubbornly and hugged her legs and curled up by the wall.

After quietly watching for a few breaths, Xu Yuan rubbed the center of his brows.

Looking at the other party's appearance, how did he make him look like a villain?

It was obviously this woman who attacked him first for no reason.

If it weren't for his innate soul, body, mind, and soul to be tough and solid, he would have become a dog of the other party at this moment.

"Humph."

He hummed softly.

Su Jinxuan immediately looked in the direction of the voice, her pair of charming peach eyes were slightly cloudy.

But she has no cultivation base, and all the weird mind-soul spores of the ghost body have been sealed off, and she can't even look inside, let alone see things in the dark.

Seeing her like this, Xu Yuan no longer controlled the sound of her footsteps.

Maybe the other party is acting, maybe the other party is really shocked.

But none of that matters.

The secret report from Jincheng was enough for him to do many things to her.

Slowly walked to Su Jinxuan's side, squatted down:

"Miss Su, don't be so stubborn, okay?"

As he spoke, he slowly stretched out his hand, and gently placed it on her curled up knee:

"Hold me, let's go up."




Changhong Valley, a secret realm.

This is already Qin Mo's third day in this secret space, and it is also the first day he has recovered from his injuries.

Hiding in a cave, looking out secretly.

A bloody and strange mist filled the entire secret space, and some shadowy black figures floated in the mist.

besides,

It is the sound of "Long—" and "Long—" accompanied by the trembling of the earth.

It was footsteps.

Looking up, some huge and hazy figures loomed unconsciously in the blood mist.

"Old man, old man..."

Qin Mo shouted in his heart with his soul.

Soon, a middle-aged male voice that was so deep that it seemed to have a subwoofer lazily responded to him:

"Huh? What's the matter?"

The voice in Qin Mo's heart was gnashing his teeth:

"You didn't say there are these monsters here, what are these ghost things?"

The middle-aged man laughed, without any urgency: "Don't make a fuss, it's just a monster that has been alienated by a different ghost, and it contains magic crystals. This thing is a great supplement to your skills."

Qin Mo couldn't hold back any longer, and laughed out of breath in his heart; "I'll make up for you, I'll be thankful if I don't get trampled to death by these things!"

"Hehe~"

The middle-aged male voice laughed lightly: "Don't worry, this secret realm was breached by strange ghosts at the beginning, there should have been some mortals living here, your current strength should be enough to kill these alienated mortals.

"Besides, if you want to use my strength to save your good friend, you have to take some risks, but I still want to advise you that it is stupid to be angry at the crown."

paused,

The middle-aged male voice casually reminded:

"The person driving the car you saw last time should be a third-rank grand master. The strength of the person behind that third son should be pretty good. If you kill him, you will really have a lot of hatred."

Qin Mo restrained his mind, let out a breath and asked in a low voice:

"Miss Su saved me, she was forced, I can't just sit idly by. And old man, you have seen it before, even if I don't kill that dude, he will definitely not let me go."

The middle-aged male voice sighed slightly, and chuckled in an old-fashioned way: "If you had listened to me and went to get the great yin and yang acacia skill, how could there have been so many things? After a dose of acacia is gone, the rice would have been cooked long ago. gone."

"..." Qin Mo was silent.

Seeing this, the middle-aged male voice stopped teasing and just said in a low voice:

"Just kidding, don't be angry, that little girl is a demon body, probably the third son has been controlled by her now, as long as the third grade next to the so-called third master doesn't find anything strange, she is safe."

Qin Mo exhaled slightly:

"Old man, you say these things are monsters alienated by the aliens? What are the aliens?"

"You don't even know the ghosts?"

The middle-aged male voice was a little surprised, but immediately sighed faintly: "It seems that a lot of things have happened in the past few thousand years, alas, I think back then..."

"Old man...can you talk less nonsense?" Qin Mo interrupted and complained.

The middle-aged male voice seemed a little aggrieved: "Stay alone and no one has spoken in the soul-cultivating ring for thousands of years. They can only study the exercises. Now that I give you the exercises, you don't even have a word with the old man... ..”

"..." Qin Mo.

"Ha ha ha ha."

The middle-aged man burst out laughing, then stopped laughing, and said in a solemn voice: "Okay, no kidding, the strange ghost comes from the depths of the wilderness, it is a very dangerous thing, if it didn't coincide with the surge of qi tide, the world's outstanding people Come out in large numbers, this strange ghost may have slaughtered my human race."

Qin Mo frowned.

Dayan faces the sea in the east, the barbarians in the north, the desert in the northwest, and the ancient abyss in the southwest. Only the south is the most stable.

Because it is backed by the wilderness.

As far as he knew, the Great Wilderness was just a barren place that was not suitable for any creature to live in.

"The Great Wilderness is so dangerous?"

"otherwise?"

The middle-aged male voice was a little emotional:

"Boy, only saints can open up space.

"This secret realm space was breached by a strange ghost, what does this mean, you can't figure it out, right?"


		