

Wanxing Mountains, Falling Fairy Lake.

The unshaven man was standing by the lake with a sword on his back, looked at the lake shore hundreds of meters away, and then at the center of the lake.

The center of the lake, which was supposed to be rippling with blue waves, was now occupied by an icicle that jumped into the sky.

The column with a height of one hundred feet is as crystal clear as crystal, and exudes a dense cold air that has never changed, spreading continuously under the waterfall-like moonlight, and the huge lake has been completely frozen by it at this moment.

The bearded man slammed his mouth, as if he was frozen by the cold, he rubbed his arms while moving, and sighed a little:

"Tsk tsk, it's a good thing none of me caught up with them. With this scale, by the time you report back, I'm probably frozen in that big ice cube."

The two were exactly the man and woman who had appeared outside the Buddhist hall earlier.

The woman was still wearing the tight-fitting gown with a black background and red border, her exquisite figure was uneven, her high ponytail fluttered slightly on the back of her head, she also looked at the huge icicle on the lake, and said in a clear voice:

"It's Ran Qingmo from the Sword Sect."

The bearded man narrowed his eyes, and suddenly stepped on his foot, his figure disappeared in place, and he appeared again on the top of the huge icicle in the middle of the lake.

Seeing this, the woman followed in a blink of an eye. When she arrived, the stubble man was squatting on the ice layer, stroking the surface of the ice crystal with his hand.

The woman looked around and looked down from a height.

At this moment, a large area of ​​the forest composed of 100-meter giant trees has been razed, which shows how fierce the battle was.

After a pause, the woman asked the man:

"What did you find?"

The man squatted on the ground, stroked his stubble, and said hesitantly:

"The other person who fought against Ran Qingmo doesn't seem to be human."

"Monster?" The woman frowned, thought for a moment and said, "There are not many monsters in Wanxing Mountain who can fight Ran Qingmo like this."

The bearded man smiled slightly, put a palm-sized scale on the tip of his nose, sniffed it, and threw it to the woman, saying:

"It's not those old monsters, it's the female snake."

The woman looked down and frowned: "Female snake? Can you see what it is?"

The man with the stubble groaned slightly, and said in a low voice:

"The qi left behind is a bit like a seven-born squid, and judging by the method and the remaining source of energy, the seven-born squid has probably shed its skin to the sixth life."

The man smacked his lips and sighed, "Tsk tsk...Six-turned-seven-life python, after another life, he will be able to completely stabilize his body. He must be an important figure from the snake demon clan in the foreign demon kingdom."

After a pause, the man stood up with a rare serious look on his face:

"It was frozen by Ran Qingmo with this icicle, and it appeared that the main body escaped from the trap. Judging from the situation, Ran Qingmo doesn't seem to want to confront her head-on."

The woman frowned even tighter, and said:

"You mean, the third son was captured by Ran Qingmo?"

The man didn't answer immediately, he thought for a long time, and shook his head:

"I'm not sure, at least when I fell into the fairy lake, Ran Qingmo wanted to protect the third son. Notify the eldest son and a few other people that we found the whereabouts of the third son."

A trace of doubt flashed in the woman's eyes: "But now we..."

"Let's track it all the way, and the one who kidnapped the third son didn't make a detour."

The man interrupted with a wave of his hand, standing on the top of the hundreds of feet of icicles, staring at the towering mountains like giant beasts in the distance:

"They are going to Tianmen Mountain."


The wound on the white tiger's back was hideous and terrifying. Although the scabs had scabbed over, the bright red that had previously spread out on the white tiger's snow-like fur was still glaring.

Xu Yuan, who had just arrived in this world and had never been in contact with cultivation, could not deduce more information from the shape and depth of the wound.

But just the fact that Baihu was injured was enough.

When he was in a coma, the two of them were able to rush from the original place to Tianmen Mountain in four days, it must be the white tiger who supported him to move forward.

However, the white tiger, which was his means of transportation when he was unconscious, was injured by the attack of a foreign object while Ran Qingmo was with him.

During the four days of coma, what happened seemed to be longer than he imagined.

While his thoughts were flashing, Xu Yuan looked around again.

Pieces of snow fell from the sky with the bleak cold wind, and under the thick snow, a blood-stained animal bone could be faintly seen.

This discovery immediately made Xu Yuan's heart sink. He glanced at the thin snow wolf on the ground and sighed slightly.

The blood-stained skeleton should be the food that the white tiger caught and ate earlier, and with the size of the beast's skeleton, they stayed in place for at least a day.

day time...

There were soldiers chasing after him, why did Ran Qingmo have to stop and rest?

Xu Yuan looked at the woman in black sitting cross-legged on the snow.

The moonlight caressed her veil, and her ink-like robe moved with the wind, like a beautiful sculpture.

Thousands of thoughts flashed through Xu Yuan's mind, and he took a deep breath:

"You are hurt."

His voice was soft, drifting away with the cold wind of the mountains.

After a moment of silence, Ran Qingmo still closed his eyes and adjusted his breath, but did not deny:

"Um."

"Heavy?"

"Somewhat."

The speculation was confirmed, Xu Yuan raised his hand and rubbed the center of his brows, then glanced back at the boundless forest below the mountain:

"What about the other party?"

"Her injury is lighter than mine."


Xu Yuan was silent.

He thought of the back injury of the white tiger, he should be holding her back.

The wind is bleak and the sky is full of stars.

After a long time, Xu Yuan spoke again, speaking very seriously:

"Feel sorry."


Ran Qingmo didn't answer, but closed her eyes and said calmly:

"Since you're awake, go up the mountain with it. I'll wait for her here."

As she spoke, she slightly raised her hand and threw a small object to Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan subconsciously stretched out his hand to grab it, and looking down, what Ran Qingmo threw to him was a small ice crystal sword, the whole body was translucent like a crystal.

Xu Yuan subconsciously asked:

"This is?"

Ran Qingmo opened his eyes, and glanced at the big white tiger beside him:

"If it moves, crush it."

There was a flash of surprise in Xu Yuan's eyes.

Just now he was still wondering why this white tiger obeyed Ran Qingmo so much in four days. It turned out that Ran Qingmo had tampered with him.

Slightly silent, Xu Yuan didn't say much, held the small ice crystal sword in his hand, and climbed directly onto the back of the white tiger.

When he touched the blood-scabby wound on the white tiger's back, Xu Yuan clearly felt the trembling of the huge figure below him.

Fortunately, apart from this, the white tiger had no other major reactions.

Riding on the white tiger, Xu Yuan looked at the black-clothed woman sitting cross-legged at the side again, fell silent, and said in a low voice:

"I will wait for you at Xuantianya on the top of Tianmen Mountain."


After a moment of silence, Ran Qingmo's voice was as quiet as when we first met:

"Need not."

Xu Yuan stared at her, and repeated without haste:

"I said, I will wait for you in Xuantianya."


Ran Qingmo blinked her beautiful eyes with a little doubt.

She was trying to understand why the man in front of her insisted on waiting for her.

Xu Yuan didn't explain, just stared at her calmly.

If Ran Qingmo didn't come, he could only jump off the cliff.

With the original body's 3-point blessing, not to mention the cave, if you jump down and fall halfway through the free fall, you will be hanged to death by the convex wall.

Ran Qingmo couldn't figure it out, she shook her head lightly:

"I left an air machine on you, I can find you."

Xu Yuan made up random words, one word at a time:

"The Dongfu can shield the air machine."

Ran Qingmo was silent.

half an hour,

She slowly opened her eyes, raised her head slightly, and looked at the young man in brocade robe who was riding a white tiger under the moonlight.

Silence, staring at each other.

In the end, she nodded lightly, her red lips slightly parted under the black veil:

"it is good."

Xu Yuan smiled lightly: "Come early."

silently,

The white tiger instantly turned into a white afterimage and galloped towards the top of the mountain, leaving only the black clothes like black ink sitting on the blank snow...


		