

"I see."

Xu Yuan understood roughly, but his mood was somewhat complicated.

According to the information he knew, Su Jinxuan was a very beautiful and noble lady with no cultivation.

But the reality is that Su Jinxuan is an upright person with a special physique, and also has no cultivation.

There is no violation of the original plot, but the original plot is also not mentioned.

After a moment of silence, Xu Yuan looked sideways at the unconscious Su Jinxuan beside him, and asked softly, "Then... do you know what kind of physical talent it is to be able to control other people's bodies?"

Zhou Chen replied in a low voice: "Well... there are several kinds."

Xu Yuan thought about the horse for a while, and added slowly: "The human body is controlled by some kind of fine particles attached to the surface of the mind soul, and once these particles penetrate into the mind soul, they will be brainwashed."

Zhou Chen pondered for two seconds, glanced at Su Jinxuan, and asked in a low voice:

"Third Young Master, can she still affect your emotions unconsciously?"

"Um."


As soon as the words came out, Zhou Chen glanced back at Si Ziyu, with a strange look on his face.

Ying'er was still standing alone on the spot, her eyes lowered and she didn't speak.

Si Ziyu nodded slightly at Zhou Chen, Zhou Chen turned around and cupped his fists, and said in a low voice:

"Third son, this woman...this woman should be a ghost body."

"Spiritual body?"

Xu Yuan sat cross-legged on the red bed, murmured, and his expression also became strange.

This physique reminded him of a kind of kung fu, one of the only three blood-colored kung fu skills, the Yin-Yang Kung Fu of the Great Acacia, which was practiced by the protagonist of the plot when he was walking an evil path.

Do not laugh.

Xu Yuan wanted to complain about this old-fashioned name when he played the game, but he couldn't hold back that this thing is really easy to use.

The mind-soul secret method attached to his Blood Origin Heart Falling Art is just a younger brother in front of the cannibalism of the Great Acacia Yin-Yang Art.

Because he had never practiced it, Xu Yuan didn't know the details of Dahehuan Yinyang Kung Fu.

But as far as he can ignore the level difference, he can directly give him the secret of mind and soul in seconds.

But it's a pity that this exercise is in a mountain near the burial village, he can't get it, and there are some records in the follow-up of the Blood Yuanxin Falling Art, the use of the exercise is also very strong, there is no need to modify it.

According to the formula book, the psychic body is most suitable for the Yin-Yang Art of Great Acacia, Xu Yuan only thought it should be taken for granted at first, but now he understands the horror of it after experiencing it for himself.

Coupled with the strange spore particles of the Phantom Soul Demon Body, it can not only extract other people's cultivation base invisibly, but also forcefully control other people's bodies once exposed. If the interest comes, you can even talk about feelings slowly. This succubus body can also affect the emotions of others, and you are not afraid that the other party will not fall in love with you.

perfect fit.

Concentrating his mind, his thoughts surged, Xu Yuan roughly had a countermeasure in his mind, looked at Zhou Chen, and said:

"Mr. Zhou, report this matter to Xu Changge."

Xu Yuanzai doesn't know what that Mr. Qin wants to do for the time being, and his strength is not good, so naturally he won't handle this matter for the sake of bragging.

Why not shake people if you can shake them?

The villain is old tradition.

If you hit the young one, you will naturally grow old.

"Yes." Zhou Chen bowed and cupped his fists.

Xu Yuan stood up slowly, glanced at Yueniang on the ground, his thoughts flashed quickly, and asked:

"This Yueniang... it's a bit alarming to grab her back directly. Mr. Zhou, can she see you when you knock her out?"

Zhou Chen's eyes flickered and he shook his head:

"Never."

Xu Yuan thought for a while, and ordered:

"Very good, throw her to my bed in the top floor wing, and feed her a Mixin pill before leaving. You should know how to arrange the scene."

Mixin Pill, a small aphrodisiac pill.


Zhou Chen thought for a while, and realized that the third son was not planning to alarm that Mr. Qin, and his heart sank slightly.

Taking Yueniang back home might indeed yield some information, but it would also make Mr. Qin vigilant.

The power of the succubus is self-evident, but the opponent is willing to use the succubus as bait.

If it weren't for the third son's innate soul body that has a certain restraint on the succubus, the current third son may have been controlled.

The third son who wants to control Xiangguo Mansion...

This Mr. Qin seems to be not as simple as it seems on the surface.

Looking at it this way, exchanging Mr. Qin's vigilance for information that Yueniang may know is obviously an act that is not worth the candle.

Xu Changtian, this is to wipe his ass for his reckless actions.

Zhou Chen sighed slightly, and bowed:

"Third Young Master, it was Zhou who was reckless."

Xu Yuan glanced at him and waved his hand:

"It's okay, Mr. Zhou, you didn't know that this woman was a demon body beforehand, so it's understandable to make such a judgment. Go on, remember to do it realistically, Yueniang is a veteran of flowers."

Zhou Chen chuckled when he heard the words, but immediately stopped and reminded:

"Third Young Master...Although the form is clear now, you'd better not have too deep physical contact with the Succubus."

Xu Yuan glanced at Su Jinxuan's curvy figure, and frowned:

"Why?"

"The deeper the contact, the more likely the mind will be manipulated."

finished speaking,

Zhou Chen cupped his hands, and in Xu Yuan's daze, he mentioned Yueniang and left.

For a while, the room fell into silence again.

Si Ziyu stared at Xu Yuan unobtrusively, with thoughtful eyes.

Ying'er still had the same downcast eyes and said nothing.

The fact that Xu Yuan was in danger under her eyes seemed to have hit her hard.

Xu Yuan came back to his senses, sighed, remained silent for a moment, then suddenly looked at Ying'er:

"Ying'er, come and wake up Su Jinxuan."

"..." Ying'er.

a little silence,

Maybe it was because of the negligence of protection, Ying'er did not refuse Xu Yuan's order this time.

Slowly walked to the bed, took out a small bottle from the pouch on her waist, opened it, bent down and put it on the tip of Su Jinxuan's nose.

Xu Yuan looked sideways slightly, and glanced at Ying'er's peach buttocks who were leaning over, the corners of his lips slightly raised.

Seeing this smile, Si Ziyu, who had a soft face, realized what was going to happen, and his eyelids suddenly twitched.

Subsequently,

"Snapped--"

There was a crisp sound.

The air became deadly still.

Si Ziyu's head hurts.

It was the third son himself who was right.

After learning a lesson last time, I dared to touch this woman's ass.

Ying'er kept the posture just now and stood there motionless, as if the person who was beaten just now was not her.

Xu Yuan cast a glance, and silently retracted his red, swollen and trembling hands behind his back.

Enduring the pain again, he calmly looked sideways at Si Ziyu.

Eye contact.


Si Ziyu suppressed the urge to laugh, and looked away.

"..." Xu Yuan.

With the exercise of a cup of tea, Su Jinxuan woke up leisurely, and after seeing the scene in front of her, she silently shrunk her body to the corner of the bed, bit her lips and said nothing.

Seeing that the other party woke up, Ying'er retracted the vial, silently returned to the original position and stood with downcast eyes.

Xu Yuan cast her a glance.

The redness, swelling and pain on his hands have disappeared, Ying'er just taught him a lesson.

chuckle,

Xu Yuan turned to look at Su Jinxuan who was on the bed, with Ying'er and Si Ziyu standing behind him, and said with a slow smile:

"Jinxuan, I've already found a doctor for you, let's go back home with me."

talking,

With a hint of coldness in Xu Yuan's eyes, he slowly stretched out his hand towards her who was huddled in the corner of the bed.


		