

Thousands of zhang blade cliffs, the wind roared past.

As the sound fell, the slightly stagnant atmosphere instantly relaxed.

The eldest son actually rushed back from Gu Yuan's side.

With the order of the eldest son, there is no need for everyone present to continue to play house with the third son.

The four figures standing in the air instantly disappeared three of them, leaving only the woman named Ying'er standing still.

be quiet for a moment,

Xu Ying'er stared at the bloody figure standing at the entrance of the cave, and said softly again:

"Third son, please follow me, the eldest son is waiting for you at the top of the mountain."


Xu Yuan did not rush to put down the hand touching the neck, but still stared at the figure standing in the air, and called out softly:

"Mr. Ran, you can go."


Hearing his voice, Ran Qingmo walked out of the cave little by little, and stood beside him with a sword in silence.

The sudden sunlight outside the cave made it difficult for her eyes to adapt.

close your eyes,

open your eyes.

under the cliff,

In the brilliant sunshine, the clouds and mists in the sky were rolling with the wind. You couldn't see the vastness of the world, but you could clearly see him standing beside her.

With her beautiful eyes lowered slightly, she said softly:

"I'm leaving."

"Well, take care."

Xu Yuan looked sideways, and his voice was very flat: "What I said before is valid at any time. If you change your mind, you can come to Jingjiang City to find me."

What he said was referring to the cooperation he proposed to her when he was in the Buddhist hall.

Ran Qingmo's red lips parted slightly, and she was silent for a few seconds, but in the end she just nodded slightly:

"it is good."

the voice fell,

When Ran Qingmo turned around, the Frozen Cloud Stairs formed invisibly, and she stepped on them lightly.

"Oh, right."

A sudden voice behind her made her stop.

Xu Yuan looked at her slender back and said softly:

"My name is Xu Yuan."


Ran Qingmo looked back at the man behind him with a hint of surprise in his eyes.

With a smile in Xu Yuan's eyes, he repeated:

"I said, my name is Xu Yuan."

"......okay."

Her speechless answer was the same as the first time she saw it.

Dressed in black like ink, she left.

After a few jumps in the air, it quickly turned into a black speck and disappeared into the sky.

It wasn't until he watched the other party disappear completely that Xu Yuanfang slowly lowered his hands from his neck.

Now Ran Qingmo has repaid his kindness for helping him.

Looking back at Ying'er standing in the air, Xu Yuan's voice was flat, and he ordered:

"Take me up."


The clouds and mist in front of me kept rolling forward, and finally suddenly became clear, and the blue sky came into view.

In a daze, Xu Yuan was brought back to the Xuantian Cliff by the masked shadow.

He was about to meet Xu Changge, and his mood was considered calm. After all, he had inherited the memory of his original body at this moment, and he had been smelted with the Blood Yuan Xinjue.

His Xu Changtian identity is already unbreakable.

After Ying'er brought Xu Yuan up, she walked forward without saying a word.

As the other party looked from behind, Xu Yuan's dark pupils suddenly shrank to the size of a pinhole.

On the top of this mountain, he unexpectedly saw another huge head of Seven Lives.

The reason why I say yes again,

Because compared with that Ji Qingyue, the seven lotus flowers on the head of the seven-life python have all bloomed, and there is a huge dark green sharp horn on the top of the python's head.

Xu Yuan stared at it for a long time before completely confirming the identity of the python head.

Yep, another heroine was chopped up by Xu Changge.

Judging from its characteristics, this python head should be that Ji Qingyue's sister, Ji Fenghua.

The plot of "Cang Yuan" has just begun, and the princesses and sisters of the snake demon clan in Gu Yuan are all wiped out.

The Xu Xian plot that I once played in "Cangyuan" is completely gone.

However, the thought of complaining was just a flash, and Xu Yuan soon realized the seriousness of this matter.

The direct death of two important heroines shows that the butterfly effect brought by him has begun to make the plot of "Cang Yuan" go into a rampage.

The future began to become unpredictable.

Taking a deep breath to calm his mind, Xu Yuan's gaze began to move again.

finally,

His eyes naturally fell on a handsome man.

Xu Changge.

He sat quietly under Ji Fenghua's huge python head.

She was dressed in a green dress, with cloud sleeves with black patterns, her skin was faintly shiny and flowing, her deep eyes were as deep as cold pools, and her long hair fluttered slightly with the breeze from the top of the mountain.

Just sitting there makes people feel ashamed.

It seems that some people are born like the bright moon in the night sky, gentle and not dazzling, but it can make people realize their own insignificance.

But these are not important to Xu Yuan at the moment,

Importantly,

Why is such a man holding a long and thick cane in his hand at this time?

Connecting to the memory in his mind, an ominous premonition rose in Xu Yuan's heart, and he immediately said loudly in his original tone:

"Xu Changge, I warn you..."

"Snapped!"

Before Xu Yuan finished speaking, the man on the opposite side narrowed his eyes, and the rattan in his hand was pulled towards Xu Yuan like a snake.

"..." Xu Yuan.

Ma De, what is this big brother? Are you still playing violent education at the age of 20?

Xu Yuan quickly operated his exercises, injecting Yuan Qi into his eyes, and only then could he clearly see the trajectory of the whip.

One dodged sideways.

"Snapped!"

The whip whipped the ground beside him, immediately kicking up a cloud of dust.

When the cane was withdrawn, Xu Yuan saw a deep welt on the ground.

Looking back, Xu Yuan cursed loudly:

"Xu Changge, are you serious?!"

"Snapped!"

Xu Changge swung his whip for the second time with a calm face, and his voice was soft and gentle:

"If you think it's true, then it's true."

This time, the speed of the rattan was even faster, and Xu Yuan tried his best to dodge it.

But this time, the whip marks on the ground were able to crack a small gravel on the edge of the cliff.

Seeing this scene, Xu Yuan was really angry, and opened his mouth to continue scolding, but Xu Changge's third whip had already been drawn.

Xu Yuan took a deep breath, his mind and soul came out, wisps of bright red Yuan Qi emerged from his hands, and he grabbed the drawn cane in the air.

As soon as the oozing blood came out, Xu Changge's long and narrow eyes narrowed into two slits.

As the bright red Yuan Qi emerged from Xu Yuan's hand, a bloody flame also burned on the rattan.

The bloody flame burned all the way up the rattan, and quickly went straight to Xu Changge at the end!

And Xu Changge still sat where he was, quietly waiting for the bloody flame to burn to the end, and directly let the strange bloody flame dance in his hands.

Looking at the flame, Xu Changge's deep eyes flashed a touch of surprise, and he pinched it casually, and the flame dissipated instantly:

"This exercise is...very good."

Xu Yuan opened his mouth and was about to say something, but before he could say anything, Xu Changge who was opposite stood up and waved his sleeve robe at him.

In an instant, gusts of hurricanes were generated out of thin air from all directions, and Xu Yuan's body immediately flew towards Xu Changge uncontrollably like a flat boat in a storm on the sea.

In the end, he hovered in the air two meters away from Xu Changge.

Xu Changge stood with his hands behind his back, staring at him calmly.

Xu Yuan struggled to speak, but found that he was so pressed by Xu Changge that he couldn't even move a finger.

Speechless, they looked at each other.

After a while, Xu Yuan still carefully looked away.

He faintly felt that if he continued to look at each other like this, the elder brother in front of him would hang him up and beat him.

When Xu Yuan's thoughts diverged, Xu Changge also staggered his gaze, and said softly to the awareness beside him:

"Master Awareness, please help Chang Tian check his body."

Hearing the name Awareness, Xu Yuan's divergent thoughts instantly subsided, and his heart shuddered.

Monk Jue Jue is one of the practitioners who can detect the discrepancy between mind and body.

He said it was a physical examination, but Xu Changge was doubting his identity.

Why?

Is it because of his skills?

Or was it because of his desperate move?

But in his memory, the original body had done such absurd things as threatening death before.

Before he had time to think about it, a bald man with a kind face slowly walked up to Xu Yuan who was hanging in the air.

He bowed slightly, clasped his hands together and saluted Xu Yuan:

"Third son, let the poor monk offend you."

Raising his hand slightly, an inexplicable energy entered Xu Yuan's body from the air.

This source of qi does not go through meridians, but travels along a strange route in his body.

Although he knew that there was a high probability that his awareness would not be able to detect anything, but in order to better fit the original body's personality, Xu Yuan still began to exercise his kung fu to resist the invasion of this source of energy.

But the result was of course useless, this strange source of energy still invaded his body.

For a moment, the top of the mountain fell into silence.

And as this strange source of qi continued to seep into the wishing body, the expression on Jue Xing's face became more and more surprised.

On the other hand, Xu Changge's eyes became more and more gloomy when he saw Ju Xing's face.

half an hour,

Jue Xing took a step back slowly, and apologized to Xu Yuan again.

Turning around and looking at Xu Changge aside, he felt hesitant to speak.

Xu Changge seemed to have made some preparations, took a deep breath, and his voice was flat and cold:

"Master Awakening, it doesn't matter if you find something on Chang Tian and tell him directly."

talking,

He also glanced sideways at Xu Yuan who was in mid-air.

Jue Xing was slightly taken aback when he heard the eldest son's voice, and immediately realized that his expression seemed to have misunderstood the eldest son, and quickly said:

"Eldest son, third son, he is in good health, it's just..."

Hearing nothing, Xu Changge seemed to have something in his heart, his eyes immediately became calm, and asked:

"Just what?"

Jue Xing glanced sideways at Xu Yuan who was suspended in mid-air, and after a little deliberation, said softly:

"It's just the third son, um..."

After a long pause, Jue Xing said with some uncertainty:

"Now the third son... seems to be... well, it seems to have become an innate Taoist body."

"what?"

Hearing the innate dao body, Xu Changge, who had always been as humble as a gentleman, finally showed a look of astonishment on his face.

next moment,

Xu Yuan felt his whole body loosen, and his body fell straight down.

But before he landed, a gentle wind directly supported him.

Immediately afterwards, a huge cyan source qi poured into his body like a torrent.

The familiar sense of intrusion came again, and Xu Yuan no longer wanted to resist.

Now it seems that when I meet someone, I can use Yuan Qi to enter his body and turn around twice.

a moment later,

The cyan source Qi exits.

Xu Changge took two steps back, looking up and down at Xu Yuan intently.

At this moment, Xu Yuan's body has regained his freedom, and he stared at the elder brother with his neck stuck, imitating the tone of the original body:

"Xu Changge, what are you looking at? When my cultivation level catches up with yours, you will die!"

hear this,

The corners of Xu Changge's thin lips curled up imperceptibly, as if he wanted to laugh, but he held back.

In the end, he waved his sleeve robe and let out a cold snort from his nasal cavity:

"Just relying on you trash?

"If you have a chance, your tail will go up to the sky, because of your bastard things in Jingjiang City, which made your father mobilize so many people to save you!

"...Forget it, it's useless to talk to you, Ying'er! Bring me my whip!"


		