

"Qin Mo?"

Hearing this name, Su Jinxuan remained expressionless, but a strange look flashed in her charming peach eyes, and she didn't reply immediately.

Xu Yuan was not in a hurry to urge, but after waiting for a while, a touch of surprise gradually appeared in his eyes.

The other party thought for too long.

Whether a person recognizes or not can be remembered in an instant. If you are not ready to say it, even if you need to choose your words carefully, you will not wait so long.

This kind of basic acting skills, Su Jinxuan will not figure it out.

so,

Judging by her reaction, is she planning to tell about Qin Mo?

Interesting if that's the case.

The two met,

And he is willing to tell Qin Mo's information without hesitation.

Based on these two points alone, Xu Yuan was able to lock the routes taken by the protagonist in this world within five.

After a while,

Su Jinxuan said softly:

"How did the third son know that I met Mr. Qin? When I met him, it was a month ago. At that time, you and I...should not have known each other, right?"

Her voice was soft, and her eyes stared at Xu Yuan's eyes vaguely.

She didn't understand that Xu Changtian should not have been rescued when she met Qin Mo, so where did his information come from?

Xu Yuan heard the temptation in the other party's words, but he was not going to tell the other party, and he didn't say a word.

Even if you know it in your heart, it is best not to say anything that involves specific details unless it is absolutely necessary.

It's cool to pretend to be a saint in front of others, but it will be troublesome to explain afterwards.

It is the same as Xu Yuan's reluctance to write poems and copy lyrics.

When dealing with outsiders like Su Jinxuan, he can make up whatever he wants. Outsiders don't know the specific situation, and they will only think that the three young masters are hiding their clumsiness all the time.

Such a superficial dandy, but in fact he is strategizing thousands of miles away, and has secretly cultivated his own intelligence system.

As the reputation spread, Xiangguo Mansion's joking nickname of two dragons, one phoenix and one mouse would most likely become such a good reputation as two dragons, one phoenix, one Yin Kun or one Yin Lin.

But the problem is,

Outsiders don't know about him, Xu Changtian, Xu Changge and that cheap old man have a clear understanding of him as a dude.

Personality can be changed due to changes in physique, strength, and status, but you can't change things like intelligence out of thin air, can you?

It may not be possible to doubt the identity, but things must be explained.

After a pause, Xu Yuan whispered:

"How do I know, you don't need to ask any more questions, Su Jinxuan, you just need to answer my questions now."


After a moment of silence, Su Jinxuan nodded and saluted:

"Third Young Master is right, it was Jinxuan who took the liberty just now."

Xu Yuan waved his hand:

"It's okay, I'm a little curious now, what is the relationship between you and that Qin Mo?"

Su Jinxuan giggled when she heard this, her eyes were charming:

"My lord asks this because Qin Mo has a taste for it?"

Xu Yuan shook his head and chuckled, wondering if he could:

"Maybe, after all, I'm still very greedy for a physique like the Succubus."

"The slave family is already the son's family..." Su Jinxuan breathed out like blue, and leaned on his shoulder lightly: "If you are greedy, the master can just eat the slave family, wouldn't it be fine?"

Xu Yuan sneered in his heart, put his arms around her shoulders, and continued to ask:

"So, Jinxuan, what is your relationship with that Qin Mo?"

Xu Yuan wanted to figure out which route the protagonist of the plot was taking, so that he could take corresponding countermeasures.

Moreover, Xu Yuan didn't necessarily have to kill the protagonist of the plot.

After all, the protagonists of some routes are even more villains than the villains, and even more scumbags than the original ones.

In the case of the same purpose, it may be possible to reach a cooperation with the other party.

Su Jinxuan pondered for a while, then smiled and said:

"If Jinxuan tells the young master, what good will it do?"

"benefit?"

Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows, looked sideways, and met her eyes that were like autumn water.

"Um...."

Bending his eyes and smiling, Xu Yuan gently brushed the delicate face of the woman in front of him with the back of his finger, and said softly:

"Of course there are benefits. When I hand you over to Ying'er in the mansion, I will say a few good words for you and make her treat you softer."

His voice was soft, like flirting between lovers, but the smile on Su Jinxuan's face froze slightly.

There was still a trace of thoughts in her heart.

Xu Changtian brought her back to the mansion in order to imprison her as a prisoner.

She is well aware of how attractive her body is to these men.

Although she didn't want to, as long as Xu Changtian didn't hold back from touching her, if the records in the ancient book Mr. Qin gave her were correct, then she would still have a slight chance to turn things around.

But Xu Changtian's words now turned her thoughts into a joke.

Ying'er obviously refers to the masked woman she saw first when she woke up.

That attire is obviously the shadow guard of Xiangguo Mansion.

If she is handed over to that shadow, what will happen to her...

Thinking of this, panic flashed in Su Jinxuan's eyes unconsciously.

After pondering for a long time, she bit the corner of her lips and said softly:

"Then Jinxuan still doesn't want to benefit, but if Jinxuan tells the truth, can the third son give me a good time?"

Because she didn't hesitate to choose to burn everything together, her "charm" has been sealed in her sea of ​​consciousness by the strong people around Xu Changtian, and now she can't even kill herself.

Xu Yuan rubbed his chin and said with a playful smile:

"It depends on your performance, Jinxuan. It's about half an hour away from home. If you can come up with something that makes my heart beat, your proposal can be considered."

Su Jinxuan took a deep breath:

"Okay, let me tell you, the relationship between me and that Qin Mo is actually not complicated. After traveling together for a while, we even made a bet when we parted."

"Bet? Let's hear it."

"When I parted from him, I said that if he can get the demon pill of the deer medicine in the Wind Crow Forest within a month, I will play a song for her alone."

Xu Yuan nodded slightly, smiled lightly and said:

"If it's just this news, it still can't be a reason for me to give Jinxuan a good time."

Su Jinxuan showed a look of bewilderment, but she quickly gritted her teeth:

"I approached Qin Mo because Mr. Qin said that his background might not be simple..."

These words directly made Xu Yuan's eyes condense.

Here we go again, the plot changes.

In his previous life, he always thought that the meeting between the protagonist of the plot and Su Jinxuan was an unexpected encounter in the plot, but it turned out to be someone else's careful planning behind it.

But although the encounter was planned by someone, the lines of falling in love should be true.

After all, the favorability in the game system can't lie.

Concentrating his thoughts, Xu Yuan said, "Continue."

Su Jinxuan glanced at him, sighed and said softly:

"Mr. Qin said that this Qin Mo may be related to a place called Burial Village."

“Funeral Village?”

Xu Yuan murmured, and he was even more sure that Mr. Qin was definitely not just a member of the sect.

Su Jinxuan shook her head:

"Mr. Qin didn't say much, Jinxuan only knew that Qin Mo might come from the funeral village."


		