

After reading it carefully, Xu Yuan let out a long breath.

These days, he has seen many internal references.

Although they are all the lowest third class, they have a rough idea of ​​what the rest of the Great Yan territory looks like.

Seeing the real battle situation in the north now still makes him feel a little absurd.

Putting down the internal reference, Xu Yuan leaned on the back of the chair, rubbed the center of his eyebrows vigorously, and sighed:

"It sucks..."

As soon as the words fell, Xu Yuan smiled helplessly.

Because he found that he didn't seem qualified to say this.

Xiangguo Mansion also has hills in northern Xinjiang.

Among the deputy generals of the fourth-rank Fusion Realm who were smashed into meat by the nine princesses, there were members of his family.

But in fact, in that kind of environment, it is really difficult to do things.

You are fighting bloody battles in front of you. Although you will not be stabbed in the ass by friendly troops, it is very possible to be picked peaches.

Except for a truly impartial and selfless person, who would want to be taken advantage of?

This is a worse world.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan still couldn't help complaining:

"But it really sucks..."

"What sucks?"

Before the words fell, a voice with a few hints of seductiveness came up from the stairway of Zangshu Pavilion.

I looked up.

White silk stockings, a prop that increases attack speed.

reorganize the language,

Xu Yuan moved his gaze upwards, looking at Miss Succubus walking from between the quaint bookshelves.

She was dressed in a silk dress similar to a cheongsam, wrapped in a mink fur, and as she moved lightly in lotus steps, some fair skin on the side of her thighs was faintly visible.

Xu Yuan smiled intently, and pointed to the internal reference on the bedside table:

"It's nothing, I'm looking at some information related to the northern war."

Su Jinxuan walked slowly in front of Xu Yuan, a little surprised on her flawless face:

"Don't you young masters all like romance?"

"National affairs and family affairs are world affairs. Now that I can practice, I have to care about it."

Xu Yuan raised his teacup and took a sip, then said softly:

"How did you come?"

Su Jinxuan's expression showed a trace of distress just right, she pursed her lips and said with a smile:

"I don't want to come here either, but someone told me to be more self-conscious. I have no choice but to come to someone."

while talking,

There were bursts of pink peach blossoms in her dark eyes.

A few grains of ecstasy seeds entered Xu Yuan's sea of ​​consciousness and attached to his mind and soul.

Xu Yuan glanced at her, felt it carefully, and clearly felt that these ecstasy species had grown a lot.

He somewhat understood why Qin Weijiu deliberately eliminated the cultivation method of the Fascinated species.

Only three days have passed since the secret method was given to her.

paused,

Xu Yuan glanced at the endless blue sky outside:

"It's still daytime, come back later."

Su Jinxuan didn't leave, she sat beside Xu Yuan, and asked with a smile:

"Doing this kind of thing is not sexual intercourse. Is there a difference between day and night?"

"..." Xu Yuan.

After a moment of silence, Xu Yuan picked up the third grade internal references and set them on fire, got up and said:

"There is no difference between the two, but if you have nothing to do, let's go."

His words made Su Jinxuan stunned for a moment, and then her peach blossom eyes bent into two crescents, and she said with a smile:

"Okay~ It's just that Jinxuan's body has just recovered, and I hope the young master will be more sympathetic today..."


Listening to the words from behind, Xu Yuan glanced back at Miss Succubus who was smiling like a fox.

He suddenly felt,

What Aunt Lou Ji said made sense.

Although cultivation is important, once in a while you should go to Goulan to relax.

Tsk,

The witch messed with my Dao heart.

While going downstairs, Xu Yuan asked softly:

"I haven't seen you in the Martial Arts Field for the past two days, have you been practicing?"

Su Jinxuan followed behind him softly:

"It's not entirely true. Concentrating the Fascinated Species for too long will damage the Sea of ​​Consciousness."

Xu Yuan sighed slightly.

What Su Jinxuan did with the rest of the time, Lou Ji had already told him.

Accepting Yinger's "tune-up" training.

"If you have any difficulties, you can ask the steward of the mansion for a bottle of Concentrating Soul Pill."

Condensing Soul Pill, a soul-type elixir refined from the soul of a fifth-grade ghost, has an auxiliary effect on the cultivation of mind and soul.

The regular price is three hundred and two grains, and the price of a bottle is around several thousand.

Su Jinxuan, who has managed mundane industries, naturally knows the value of them.

Counting quietly, she shook her head slightly.

These thousands of cars are nothing to the other party, but they are already too precious to her.

Although there were often tens of thousands of silver vehicles in the management industry, they all belonged to Tian Yuzong.

The steward's salary plus the eldest lady's monthly salary, the monthly salary she can get is only about two hundred taels a month.

Too much affection, not good to pay back.

"Thank you, but forget it..."

Xu Yuan glanced at her and chuckled lightly.

No, it means dignified, very good.

"If you think it's precious, the secret method given to you is actually more precious. The market price is about 50,000 taels. You can understand this as my additional investment in you."

"..." Su Jinxuan didn't speak.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan stopped talking, and instead said in a low voice:

"By the way, I have something to discuss with you."


Hearing this, Su Jinxuan's heart beat inexplicably quickened, she paused, and said softly, "That's what you say."

The two went down to the end of the stairs and walked out of the Library Pavilion. Outside was the beautiful wetland lake.

Xu Yuan, in the attic in the middle of the lake, said softly:

"The black scale guard at the imperial capital told me that there might be someone behind Qin Weijiu."

Su Jinxuan's voice remained as usual:

"Um."

"Your parents...well, that incident back then... tsk, behind Qin Weijiu... tsk, forget it."

Xu Yuan used his words carefully, and finally asked directly:

"The Blackscale Guard suspects that there is someone behind Qin Weijiu, and hopes that you will return to Qin Weijiu's side as an internal response. What do you think?"

"I?"

Su Jinxuan froze for a moment, her heartbeat accelerated again, but she still maintained a calm voice, with a hint of self-mockery: "Is my opinion important?"

"Of course it's important."

Xu Yuan glanced at her: "If you don't want to, forcing you to go there will only be counterproductive."


Su Jinxuan's chest rose and fell slightly, she lowered her eyes, but she still couldn't see her toes:

"Um... so what's your opinion?"


		