

"Squeak—"

While thinking about it, the door was directly pushed open from the outside.

Xu Yuan, who was half squatting on the ground, immediately looked sideways, and met Ying'er's silent gaze.

Her tone is flat:

"Third Young Master, Jingjiang City has arrived."


Ying'er is still in the slightly sexy shadow guard outfit she used to be.

But Xu Yuan didn't speak because the other party pushed the door in without permission.

staring at each other without saying a word...

Oh no, after the woman glanced at Xu Yuan, she looked at Yuan Jing who was held in his palm.

After staring silently for two seconds, he turned and left silently.

"Pa-ta--"

The wooden door was gently closed, and everything in the wing room was quiet as if the shadow had never been there.

Xu Yuan watched this scene in silence for a long time, and finally let out a helpless chuckle.

The strong will have their own arrogance, no matter which world they are in.

If he says he looks down on you, he looks down on you, and there is nothing you can do about him.

He, Xu Yuan and Xu Changtian, was indeed the third son in the eyes of their retainers and guest officials, but that was for the sake of his father and elder brother.

Without his father and elder brother, Xu Yuan is nothing.

Respect is something that can be given to you, but only on the surface.

If you don't want it on the surface, then just don't give it.

They rely on strength to eat, not flattery.

If it was the original body, he might have already started to lose his temper because of his inner inferiority complex and sensitivity, but Xu Yuan didn't care.

The respect of others is earned by yourself.

In a world with extraordinary force in this regard, when Xu Yuan's own strength rises, the attitudes of these Keqing retainers will naturally change.

It doesn't matter, why are you angry?

However, Ying'er's eyes before leaving made Xu Yuan a little more certain.

This source crystal was indeed left for him to test by his elder brother.

If you can get it before arriving in Jingjiang City, then this item will be given to you.

If you can't get it, Ying'er will just take you away.

heh~

Taking a deep breath, he put the source crystal in the Sumeru ring, Xu Yuan got up and started to demolish the house again.

Although I am not angry, I still have to act in the play that should be performed.

After removing the furniture in Xu Changge's wing, including the bed, Xu Yuan stopped.

After demolishing the house this time, Xu Yuan is not very tired, and his physical strength should be much stronger than that of Erha in his previous life.

Taking a deep breath, Xu Yuan got up and walked to the wooden window and pushed the closed window open.

As the wing room where Xu Changge lives, this room has a built-in formation that shields the perception of mind and soul.

But all the doors and windows need to be closed to be connected as one.

In order to avoid Ying'er's surveillance, Xu Yuan has never opened the window these days.

Once pushed away,

the sight in front of me,

The black pupils in Xu Yuan's eyes suddenly shrank!

The scenery in front of me is majestic and magnificent.

The sky is blue and vast,

During the twittering of eagles and birds, dozens of flying monsters of different sizes neighed in the air,

view down,

A majestic giant city comparable to the first-tier cities in the previous life loomed in sight!

The scenery in the city is unobstructed, the streets and houses are row upon row, one ring after another, the spacious streets lead in all directions, and the flow of people is bustling, until it spreads to the end of the sight.

"..." Xu Yuan.

This...is this the Jingjiang City that can be run through with three or two flat maps in "Cangyuan"?

As it gradually approached, the huge black eagle under its feet had already lowered its flying height.

"Om—"

When the eagle body flew over the twenty-foot-high city wall from a high altitude, Xu Yuan's mind and soul vaguely sensed some kind of faint fluctuation.

They seem to have passed through some invisible barrier.

"This is...."

Xu Yuan squinted his eyes, and subconsciously detected his soul.

But it's a pity that Xuanying's flying speed is too fast, and the detection range of his current soul is also extremely limited.

When the probe came out, the black eagle had already flown over the towering city wall.

He had no choice but to take back his soul, and planned to go to the city wall to see what happened just now when he had a chance in the future.

As soon as this idea came up, Zhou Chen's voice suddenly came from above the corners of the cornices and wings of the attic:

"Third Young Master is indeed very talented, and he can perceive this spirit-testing formation at the beginning of the rank."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Obviously, the mind and soul he detected just now was discovered by the person above.

"Who?" Xu Yuan asked softly.

Zhou Chen turned over from the attic and jumped down, turned over from the window and entered the wing room*Holding with a smile on his hands:

"Zhou Chen."

Xu Yuan looked at the other party's unshaven appearance, and recognized that this was one of the people who blasted the cave on Xuantian Cliff earlier.

It should be Xu Changge who stayed to protect him.

Xu Yuan was silent for a while, and asked softly:

"The spiritual test array you mentioned just now, what is that?"

Zhou Chen smiled and cupped his hands again:

"It's normal for the third son not to know when he first entered the practice, the monsters are wild and difficult to tame, and it is easy to run wild and hurt people if they go directly to the city.

"If a monster wants to enter the city, it needs to pass the nine-level assessment of the imperial court's department of beasts or the major sects. If they pass all the assessments, a special mark will be injected into the monster's body. Only with this mark can it enter the city."


A look of surprise flashed in Xu Yuan's eyes.

There is such a thing in this world.

After a pause, Xu Yuan suddenly glanced sideways at the endless giant city below, and spoke with a strange tone:

"There are all over Jingjiang City?"

Zhou Chen nodded slightly, as a matter of course:

"It's natural."

Hearing this, Xu Yuan's eyes flashed with astonishment.

There is such a big formation in this world?

At the same time, many questions came to mind.

How to set up this giant formation?

Where does the energy to maintain the formation come from?

Thoughts flickered, but without an answer, Xu Yuan restrained himself.

After a pause, he looked at Zhou Chen and asked:

"Then...if there is no mark, what about forcibly entering the city?"

Zhou Chen raised his hand and stroked his unshaven chin, then grinned meaningfully:

"There are other formation protections in the city."

Xu Yuan frowned: "Other formations?"

Zhou Chen didn't answer him immediately this time, but looked up at the sky, as if he was looking for something.

For a moment, he suddenly grinned:

"Third Young Master, wait a moment."

After finishing speaking, his figure disappeared in front of Xu Yuan's eyes in an instant.

Yuan Qi entered his eyes, Xu Yuan looked out of the window, but found nothing.

The bodyguards that Xu Changge left behind for him were all too fast.

And ten seconds after Zhou Chen disappeared,

Xu Yuan suddenly saw,

A pterosaur-like monster is falling rapidly from the dome!

When Xu Yuan squinted his eyes and stared, Zhou Chen's light voice came from behind him again:

"Third Young Master, you can see for yourself."

"..." Xu Yuan.

The powerhouses around him suddenly disappeared and reappeared at the same speed as a ghost.

Slightly nodding his head, Xu Yuan stared intently at the falling broken-winged pterosaur.

The pterosaur fell from the sky, and after entering the range of the spiritual test array, the monster's natural sense of danger made the one-foot-long pterosaur flap its wings crazily.

But helplessly, one of the wings had already been pinched by Zhou Chen, and it continued to fall downwards weakly.

When it fell to a certain height, a white rainbow light condensed in the midair of the giant city, and shot out in an instant!

silently,

The pterosaur was directly reduced to powder, leaving no bones left.

"Third Young Master, this is what happens when a monster breaks into the inner city without a mark."

Xu Yuan glanced at him:

"Hmm...Although it's very intuitive, can't you just say it directly?"

"..." Zhou Chen.

Coughing lightly to cover up his embarrassment, Zhou Chen continued:

"Cough, um... and this formation is not only able to defend against monsters, it can also defend against people."

Xu Yuan was silent for a moment, then suddenly asked:

"This formation is also effective for you?"

Zhou Chen grinned and shook his head:

"It's too slow, it can't hit me, and its power is a little weaker."

But after a pause, Zhou Chen sighed and added:

"Of course, these two formations are only on standby. Many large formations in the city are usually not activated. As long as they are activated, even I cannot get out alive."

Xu Yuan was silent.

The automatic completion of this world made him feel a sense of strangeness.

Zhou Chen patted Xu Yuan's arm with a smile, and said very familiarly:

"Third Young Master, if there were no such formations in the city, the world would have been in chaos."


		