

"Finally all achievements have been cleared."

As the boss fell, Xu Yuan's bloodshot eyes slowly leaned back on the gaming chair behind him, and the screen in front of him began to scroll through the list of producers along with the customs clearance CG.

After staying up all night for more than a month, "Cangyuan", which is known as the game with the most complicated plot in China, was finally cleared by him online and with all endings.

As a 2.5D pixel style game, the plot of "Cangyuan" is a bit too rich.

Thousands of options, twenty-five world lines, and dozens of endings with different styles allow players to have a new plot experience every time they play.

"With the current technology, probably only this kind of 2.5D pixel-style game can carry a plot of this volume."

After carefully reading each scene, Xu Yuan turned off the power with satisfaction, went to the bathroom to wash up with sleepiness, climbed onto the bed, and habitually recalled the game plot:

"It's finally over. It's a pity that the Prime Minister has become the final boss. The dozen or so endings of the final boss were all killed by the dog script writer."

"And after playing a few times to familiarize yourself with the game mechanism, the difficulty becomes easier."

"Aha....."

"I'm so sleepy...I don't want to. I have to go to the old man's company to help tomorrow. After more than a month, I guess I will be scolded to death by him tomorrow."

While whispering in his mouth, Xu Yuan fell into a deep sleep due to sleepiness...




"Boom—"

Between thunder and lightning, heavy rain poured down.

Accompanied by bursts of flames and crackling firewood, Xu Yuan opened his eyes in pain amidst the chaos.

"Is it raining... Tsk, my head hurts... It seems that I still have Fenbid at home."

The splitting headache made Xu Yuan subconsciously want to get up to find a painkiller in the medicine box in a daze, but when his pupils were fully focused, he couldn't help being taken aback by the dim environment in front of him.

Where is this?

What about my house?

The once-familiar ceiling was gone, and a strange abandoned Buddhist hall came into Xu Yuan's eyes.

Old dilapidated beams and wooden columns.

A stone Buddha statue with a broken arm sitting on a lotus platform.

A bonfire swaying with the cold wind.

as well as,

The woman in black with tulle sitting quietly by the campfire.

The sound of pattering rain came from outside the Buddhist hall.

Everything was eerily silent.

Silence for two seconds, eyes closed, eyes open.

no change.


Hsu Won tries to make sense of what happened to him.

But after thinking about it for a long time, I have no clue.

The only thing that can be confirmed is that he seems to have time-traveled.

However, the source of the headache just now was not the sequelae of memory fusion, but a bulge that was physically swollen in the back of the brain.

Traveling without memory made Xu Yuan feel extremely unfamiliar with everything around him, and looked around in the dilapidated Buddhist hall.

The pouring rain fell from the eaves along the old tiles like a bead curtain, and splashed ripples in the puddles outside the temple. Only when the bonfire shined, there was a bottomless water outside the temple gate. dark.

Like the general public, Xu Yuan had fantasized about time travel, but that was just Ye Gong's love for dragons.

He has always had a clear understanding of himself. Without cheating, he may not survive three chapters in some literary works.

And the gloomy environment in front of him is obviously like the kind of work that he can't survive three chapters.

The winter rain is very gloomy and cold, and waves of chills keep coming to my heart.

With the dim light of the bonfire, Xu Yuan's eyes wandered repeatedly in the room.

The temple hall is very large. When the prosperity and incense are no longer prosperous, the once majestic Buddha becomes strange in the dark hall.

Scanning around, Xu Yuan's eyes finally fell on the only living creature besides him in the temple.

The woman in black quietly closed her eyes and sat cross-legged beside the bonfire, with a sword lying beside her.

The light from the bonfire illuminated her Shengxue skin. She covered her face with a black gauze, and her long straight black hair like a waterfall scattered casually behind her. As the cold wind blew, the black robe vaguely outlined the woman's graceful curves. .

The rainy night, the ruined temple in the deep mountains, and the beautiful woman, these things together make it difficult for Xu Yuan not to think of some strange things.

In the silence, Xu Yuan slowly stood up from the ground.

Over the years of helping the family's business, the old man led him to see many people and things, whether they were clean or unclean.

Although the surrounding environment was a bit weird, after realizing the reality, Xu Yuan knew very well that he had to do something now.

His body seemed to be injured, and he was dressed thinly. At least he had to sit by the campfire. The cold rain in the winter night was already freezing him to death.

Xu Yuan stared at the woman in front of him, and walked slowly towards her step by step.

The woman in black didn't seem to hear the footsteps, and she still sat quietly by the campfire with her eyes closed.

The tulle covering her face could not hide her temperament, she was very quiet and beautiful.

As soon as he got closer, Xu Yuan's pupils suddenly shrank.

On the ground beside the woman, a huge arm came into view impressively.

The footsteps stopped, the heartbeat suddenly accelerated, but then suddenly relaxed again.

The arm, while lifelike, is not human and has a stone texture.

Looking back, he glanced at the huge Buddha statue with a broken arm that he saw just now.

It must have been broken.

Sitting down with his stone arm as a stool, Xu Yuan stared at the woman's flawless side face covered by tulle.

Quiet for two seconds in the bleak cold wind,

The woman in black suddenly and slowly opened her eyes, which were as cold as ink, and looked towards Xu Yuan.

Suddenly,

"Boom—"

A thunder and lightning pierced the dark night sky, illuminating everything inside and outside the dilapidated temple.

The light flickered, and Xu Yuan caught a glimpse of something outside the temple gate from the corner of his eyes.

corpse...

With the flash of lightning during the thunder, the puddles outside the main gate of the temple were full of broken corpses, and the sticky blood flowed with the continuous spread of the rain...

Xu Yuan's still hazy thoughts were instantly awakened, his heartbeat began to accelerate uncontrollably, and his hands hidden in his sleeve robe began to tremble uncontrollably.

His family is not doing business in the Golden Triangle, and the sight of corpses all over the ground is a bit beyond his ability to accept.

Biting the tip of his tongue violently, Xu Yuan tried his best to restrain his gradually flustered thinking, trying to analyze the situation in front of him rationally.

The pain on the tip of his tongue made Xu Yuan finally calm down a little, he forced a steady breath and stared at the woman in black in front of him.

The lightning disappeared, and the outside of the temple gate was once again engulfed in darkness.

But the scene just now was engraved in Xu Yuan's mind.

Every corpse with a weapon outside the door was uniformly dressed, and their death patterns were different, but when they died, their toes were almost all facing the ancient temple.

In other words, they came from the same place and wanted to break into this ancient temple for some unknown purpose.

The glimpse of the scene made Xu Yuan think of a lot in an instant, and he looked at the woman beside him a little stiffly.

He found himself sitting next to an incredible woman.

There are only him and her in this temple, and his body is so weak that the naked eye can see that the corpses outside that want to break in can only be done by this woman.

Outside, the pitch-black sky thundered continuously, and the cold wind kept penetrating through the dilapidated temple gate. A woman in black and a luxurious brocade sat around a bonfire, and outside the gate was a bloody mess hidden in the shadows.

in the silence,

"You... blocked me."

The woman's voice was as clear as ice, gentle and indifferent.


Hearing this, Xu Yuan was taken aback.

He blocked her?

Immediately Xu Yuan realized that the woman in black was not looking at him, but behind him.

behind?

Doubts arose in my heart.

As I observed just now, although the Buddhist hall is large, but from this angle, there is nothing left behind him except the huge Buddha statue with a severed arm.

Doubt made Xu Yuan glance back subconsciously,

And it was at this glance that a chill instantly rushed from the tailbone straight to the forehead.

Xu Yuan saw a pair of legs.

A calf as tall as he stood up.

The line of sight moves up little by little,

The huge stone giant Buddha quietly came behind him from the lotus platform at some point.

Hidden in the shadow of the roof, the cracked weird face seemed to be smiling, looking down at him and the woman beside him.


My mind froze for a moment,

The science he had always believed in could not explain the phenomenon in front of him, and the fear of the unknown exploded in Xu Yuan's heart in an instant, and he could no longer restrain it.

Xu Yuan's breathing accelerated uncontrollably, and the strangely huge Buddha statue as high as seven or eight meters was close at hand, and his body was as stiff as falling into an ice cave.

After being stunned for several seconds, Xu Yuan began to forcibly control his stiff body to move aside.

He...he gotta get out of the way.

The violent beating of the heart seemed to burst out of his chest. This kind of weird scene was beyond his cognition and acceptance.

At this time, Xu Yuan suddenly caught a glimpse of the woman in black from the corner of his eye.

As the giant Buddha approached, the woman in black who covered her face with tulle didn't get up, she sat quietly on the spot, she didn't even hold the sword beside her. buddha statue.

The calmness and ease of the woman in black gradually gave Xu Yuan a sense of peace of mind.

While shrinking to the corner of the Buddhist hall to calm down the fear in his heart, he carefully looked at a Buddha and a woman in the middle of the Buddhist hall.

It's okay... Fortunately, this woman looks strong.

Xu Yuan thought of the corpse outside the temple.

What made him afraid just now became Xu Yuan's reassurance at this moment.

Xu Yuan couldn't imagine himself facing that strange "living Buddha" alone in this Buddhist hall in the deep mountains.

A woman and a Buddha were silent for two seconds, and the coldness of killing spread little by little, and Xu Yuan also took advantage of this opportunity to retreat cautiously to the corner of the ruined temple.

suddenly,

The weird "living Buddha" moved.

The huge figure did not affect its speed at all, and Xu Yuan could hardly see the speed clearly, and the giant palm fell with a bang.

"boom--"

There was a huge tremor in the Buddhist hall and the ground at the same time, the giant palm fell to the ground, and the only bright bonfire in the room was extinguished by it.

Xu Yuan's vision instantly plunged into darkness.

After the light disappeared, the voice became the only protagonist in the darkness, and there were bursts of huge tremors and roars, one after another.

Hearing the sound coming from not far away, Xu Yuan's heart beat fast when he was huddled in the corner, and he didn't even realize that the fingertips of his clenched fist were embedded in his palm.

Suddenly,

"Om—"

A loud sword cry resounded inside and outside the temple,

A blue sword light flashed in the darkness,

Everything returned to calm in an instant.

"Boom—"

A thunder and lightning flashed in the sky at this moment, illuminating everything in the Buddhist hall.

Xu Yuan finally took this opportunity to see the scene over there.

The woman's black dress was not stained with any dust, and she sheathed her sword with a flat face, but the head of the huge "living Buddha" she was facing had disappeared.

Xu Yuan was in a daze.

"Boom—"

A black shadow crashed down in front of him, and the smoke and dust raised made Xu Yuan frowned and took a step back.

It is the huge head of the 'living Buddha'.

And the pair of kind eyes on the head were staring at him with dim light.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan subconsciously wanted to hide beside the woman in black over there. This kind of weird thing was too dangerous.

After the thunder, everything returned to darkness.

Xu Yuan silently considered his words, and while walking in the direction of the woman just now, he was thinking of asking her something.

And at this time,

A weak murmur came from the darkness in front of him:

"Third son..."

"escape."


		