

Ran Qingmo is not a good teacher.

The way she taught Xu Yuan was as lukewarm as her quiet temperament.

But fortunately, her strong strength allowed her to give in-depth guidance to Xu Yuan, who was new to cultivation.

From the most basic identification of acupoints and meridians, to feeling the source of energy hidden in this world under the guidance of Ran Qingmo, everything is done naturally.

And it was the process of sensing Yuan Qi that allowed Xu Yuan to understand the role of mind soul.

The more condensed and powerful a human soul is, the more energy there will be that can sense the existence between the heaven and the earth.

Because of the existence of the Lingchi Lake and the Spirit Locking Array, in Ran Qingmo's induction, the source energy in this cave has almost condensed into a liquid state, but in Xu Yuan's induction, he can only detect it in twos and threes. Weak "Qi Tuan".

The gap between mind and soul is so large that it is suffocating.

Of course, there are also factors in which Ran Qingmo's strength far surpasses Xu Yuan's.

The soul of mind can also be continuously condensed and strengthened with the improvement of cultivation base.

The meridian determines the speed at which a person absorbs and transforms the energy from the heaven and the earth for his own use, while the soul determines the amount of energy that a person can sense.

The two complement each other in practice.

If a person only has an innate body with well-connected meridians, but his mind and soul are loose and blurred, then no matter how fast the source energy of his body transforms, the source energy he can absorb is only the few or two he sensed." Qi group".

On the contrary, the same is true for a person who only has a natural soul body.

As Ran Qingmo told all the cultivation knowledge of this world bit by bit, Xu Yuan became more and more aware of the horror of the "Blood Yuan Heart Falling Art" in his hand.

Innate Dao body exercises that can be artificially created...

If put outside,

It is no exaggeration to say that this exercise can start a war.



I don't know how many times he opened his eyes from the jade bed, but what Xu Yuan saw was still the dim stone roof of the cave.

Standing up, he looked sideways at the stone wall at the head of the bed.

There,

A row of correct "zheng" characters came into view impressively.

Because he couldn't see the sky and couldn't distinguish day from night, Xu Yuan could only roughly guess the time by recording the number of times he slept.

Until this time when he woke up, the stone wall at the head of the bed had already been engraved with six characters of "正".

He had been alone with the girl in black in the cave for about a month.

After these days of tireless study, the basic knowledge of practice in this world has basically come to an end.

Now Xu Yuan has completely learned to use his mind and soul to sense the source of energy between heaven and earth.

And two weeks ago, Ran Qingmo also taught him a sword sect inner martial art called "Lotus Sword Jue", which allowed Xu Yuan to simply experience the feeling of cultivating Qi into the body.

Two weeks later, Xu Yuan can no longer practice alone under the guidance of Ran Qingmo.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan subconsciously glanced sideways at her sitting cross-legged in the corner.

After staring at her for two seconds, Xu Yuan smiled lightly and shook his head to look away.

Even though she was used to her appearance without a black veil covering her face, her flawless face would still amaze people occasionally.

It's just a pity that although the two of them have suffered in this cave for such a long time, the attitude of this big ice tuozi surnamed Ran towards him still hasn't changed much.

heh~

The stories in fairy tale novels are indeed deceiving......

Putting all these messy thoughts to the back of his mind, Xu Yuan calmed down and opened the "Blood Yuan Heart Falling Art" again.

The obscure words in this exercise that made his head stupefied at the beginning have suddenly become clear, and all of them can be understood.

And the content of the whole exercise book has been familiarized by him in the past month, but Xu Yuan is still reading it every day, reading it over and over again.

It's his life.

For things like exercises, even if there is a single word difference, it may kill someone when Yuan Qi is running.

Don't ask, just ask yourself.

The movement route of Xue Yuan Yu Xin Jue is many times more complicated than the Lotus Sword Jue that Ran Qingmo gave him. In order to avoid being at a loss when he really started practicing, Xu Yuan began to try to guide the weak source energy in his body a week ago. Operate according to the meridian route in the blood yuan heart.

In this attempt, everything went smoothly at the beginning, and Xu Yuan's weak source of energy was operating in an orderly manner according to the route of the exercise.

It's a pity that Xu Yuan didn't pay attention when he finished one-third of the way. The source of energy he guided deviated from the description of the exercise by half a step, and he went into a madness directly.

It doesn't feel good to be obsessed.

Because of a single thought, all the source qi in his body ran away uncontrollably in an instant, scurrying around in his fragile meridians.

If it wasn't for the fact that Xu Yuan's accumulated source qi was too weak, he could even imagine how these scurrying source qi smashed his meridians to pieces.

But fortunately, Xu Yuan was surrounded by a great master, Ran Qingmo, who immediately took action to stabilize his berserk source qi before his meridians were damaged.

Even if it was a false alarm, Xu Yuan was still aware of the difficulty of cultivating this Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art.

You know, when he practiced the moderately difficult exercises like the Lotus Sword Jue, he passed it just once, and he didn't have the slightest tendency to go crazy.

However, this setback did not make Xu Yuan feel annoyed, but made him faintly excited.

Because he found that even if he went crazy in practice, the big ice lump surnamed Ran beside him could stabilize his condition before he was injured.

In other words,

He can try infinitely until he is completely familiar with the operation route of this exercise!

Thinking of it, Xu Yuan did it too.

Ran Qingmo could see that Xu Yuan was practicing some kind of difficult technique, but maybe it was because of her personality, so she didn't ask too much.

Just silently rescued Xu Yuan when he was in a mad state again and again...


After reading the Blood Origin Heart Fall Art once again, Xu Yuan silently placed it on the jade bed, slowly got up and walked towards her in the corner.

And at this time,

Ran Qingmo's crisp voice came from the corner first.

Very light, but clearly audible.

"The formation outside is about to break."


Formation?

Hearing Ran Qingmo's abrupt words, Xu Yuan paused slightly.

But in a flash, he also realized what she meant by the formation method.

It seems to be consistent with his speculation when he first entered the cave, this cave really has a formation that can shield the perception of the outside world.

But, this formation is about to break.

This news made Xu Yuan's heart sink.

He is not yet fully prepared to start practicing the Blood Origin Heart Death Art.

With Ran Qingmo's time and time again saving, he can indeed run Yuan Qi perfectly according to the meridian route of the Blood Yuan Heart Falling Art.

But this is in the waking state.

If you want to run perfectly when you are on the verge of death, the difficulty will inevitably increase exponentially.

Concentrating his mind, Xu Yuan whispered flatly:

"Well, about how long?"

Ran Qingmo closed her eyes and felt for a moment, then said softly:

"About half a day."

Xu Yuan took a deep breath and said in a low voice:

"Can they find this cave?"

The cave here is obviously located inside the mountain, maybe...

"Yes." Ran Qingmo's crisp voice directly shattered Xu Yuan's fantasy.


And this moment also made Xu Yuan's thoughts extremely complicated.

The five-day countdown to death has been quietly pressed at this moment.

Standing there silent for a long time.

in the silence,

She suddenly said softly:

"you do not need to worry."

He heard the words and slowly looked back to God.

She stared at him seriously with her clear eyes:

"I'll take you out."

Seeing her serious eyes, Xu Yuan was silent for two seconds and smiled at her.

Some smile, but more helpless.

If you nod in agreement with her suggestion,

Xu Yuan can now foresee,

Five days later, the beautiful black-clothed woman in front of her looked like her head was in a different place.

In this world, there are too many strong people.

Ji Qingyue can be killed, so naturally Ran Qingmo can also be killed...

finally,

Xu Yuan didn't answer Ran Qingmo's words, and slowly sat beside her.

long silence,

He suddenly asked in a low voice:

"Mr. Ran, can you put me in a near-death state?"

A doubt appeared in Ran Qingmo's eyes:

"what?"

Xu Yuan repeated softly:

"I said, can you put me in a near-death state?"


		