

The material of the white beads is like jade or glass, lying quietly in a groove under the broken wooden floor.

His eyes flickered for a moment, and Xu Yuan locked the name of the bead in the numerous lists of natural materials and earthly treasures in "Cangyuan" from its efficacy and appearance.

source crystal.

A kind of spiritual stone similar to the world of cultivating immortals... oh no, compared with spiritual stones, source crystals are more like the spiritual eyes of the condensed plate in the traditional world of cultivating immortals.

It belongs to the superior treasure of Xu Yuan's current pool of psychic liquid in the Sumeru Ring.

But now the question is not this, the question is why there is such a level of treasure in Xu Changge's air palace?

The scarcity of source crystals is no less than that of the natal snake heart lotus produced by Seven Lives Cultiva, and different from the special effect of snake heart lotus, source crystals are real gods that can continuously increase the speed of cultivation, and are truly valuable and invaluable. city.

Thinking up to this point, Xu Yuan's mind suddenly flashed the purple-black ring that Xu Changge wore on his left hand earlier.

The other party should also have the Sumeru Precept, why... would he leave this kind of treasure in the Xuanying Attic here?

Standing up silently, Xu Yuan re-executed the exercises that had been broken up by the counter-shock force, got up and walked towards the broken board.

Walking closer, Xu Yuan stared at the source crystal for a while, then bent over and reached out to grab it.

But when he was about a foot away from the source crystal, an invisible repulsive force similar to the magnet in his previous life directly pushed his hand away gently.

Xu Yuan frowned, Yuan Qi was poured into the Sumeru Ring, and at the same time, Mind Soul probed out, ready to use the Sumeru Ring to take this thing away in the air.

But the same repulsive force also pushed his mind away.

"..." Xu Yuan.

This should be the reason why he was ejected just now.

But what is this repulsion?

The formation to protect this source crystal?

A thought flashed through his mind, and his brows frowned even tighter. Xu Yuan tried his best to run the exercises, pouring all the energy in his body into his left hand, resisting the invisible repulsion, and stretched out his hand to press down again.

With the palm of his hand pressed down a little bit, but only by a distance of about two centimeters, Xu Yuan felt that the three or two source qi in his body were no longer able to continue.

"Om—"

The left hand was bounced out, and the strong force directly caused Xu Yuan, who was half squatting on the ground, to stagger and sit on the ground.

Xu Yuan silently stared at the source crystal in the groove for a few breaths, got up and patted his robe, smiled lightly and sat back on the bed by himself.

Xu Changge knew that he had an innate soul body and could sense it, so he put the treasure under his nose.

Moreover, the formation that protects the source crystal is still so shallow, with his current innate body, as long as he works hard, he has a chance to break the formation and take the treasure and leave.

heh~

This big brother gave him a baby around the corner, right?


During the period of flying to Jingjiang City on the black eagle, except for the two or three hours that Xu Yuan had to sleep every day, the rest of the time was devoted to cultivation.

Running the exercises day and night is very boring, but Xu Yuan can completely dilute this boring feeling when he sees the positive feedback accumulated by the source energy in his body at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The various restrictions on beginners do not exist under the powerful blessing brought by krypton gold.

The ancients never deceived me,

The reason why people are not strong enough is often that they don't have enough kryptonite.

All kinds of precious elixirs entered his stomach, and all kinds of special medicinal powers not only increased his cultivation speed, but also ensured that he could practice for a long time without hurting his tendons.

There is no time to practice.

The Great Yan Dynasty has a vast territory, and a state can often span thousands of miles, but the Xuanying's flying speed is extremely fast, and it hardly needs to rest.

In half a day, a majestic giant city has appeared on the horizon that Xuanying can see...



With the long cry of the black eagle,

Xu Yuan, who was sitting cross-legged on the bed, slowly opened his eyes, and looked down at his hands with a little doubt in his eyes.

When he was exercising the exercises to breathe out the source qi just now, he seemed to feel that something in his body had been pierced.

It broke with a "snap", crisp and clean.

Very strange feeling.

After a little thought, Xu Yuan probably guessed that this should be a sign that he had broken through some kind of bottleneck.

However, because Ran Qingmo only taught him the basics of cultivation, he couldn't guess what cultivation level he is now after he broke through that bottleneck.

After all, the realm system of this world cannot be divided by the numerical levels in "Cang Yuan", right?

Concentrate your thoughts, these questions are not problems, you can just ask someone, there is no need to waste time thinking here.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan turned his attention to the big hole in the floor again.

Now that the bottleneck is broken, you can try to take out the source crystal again.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan also got out of bed, walked to the recess and squatted down.

Looking at the source crystal that looks like jade or glass, Xu Yuan took a deep breath, and the kung fu was running...

"Tuk-tuk--"

The door was knocked at this moment, and Ying'er's slightly hoarse voice came in:

"Third son..."

"roll!"

Xu Yuan didn't even think about it, and responded directly to the other party with one word.

Ever since Ying'er released his murderous aura towards him, Xu Yuan has always had this attitude towards her.

Send medicinal food?

Don't eat, get out!

Send him a message for Xu Changge?

Don't listen, get out!

As Xu Yuan flipped through the memory belonging to the original body bit by bit, he had already fully understood the behavior pattern of the original body.

This is an extremely arrogant and arrogant son, but at the same time, he is also inferior to the bottom of his bones.

He was able to beat people to death in the street because he said jokingly to his friends, "Look, that's the third son of the Xiangguo Mansion, huh~".

in memory,

Sometimes Xu Changtian didn't want to be like this, but unfortunately, under the shadow accumulated over the years by his two older brothers, his character had long been distorted.

Things that he couldn't do with all his strength, but to his two elder brothers, they were just trivial things.

Compared with the elder brother who is the dragon among the two, the original body is just an ordinary person, and he can even be regarded as an ordinary person with a low-middle appearance.

Everyone's expectations, everyone's disappointment, and everyone's ridicule.

If only this is the case, years of low self-esteem may only create an autistic child.

However, the original body had tasted the taste of power brought by his father's position as Prime Minister in advance.

Just because of a conflict in the academy when he was ten years old.

In the academy, other children and teenagers liked to compare him with his two elder brothers and satirize him. After many years, Yuanzhen finally got into a fight with those people.

At the end of morning class that day, he got into physical altercations with other children and teenagers.

Because the other party had a lot of people, and because the other party had practiced martial arts early, the ten-year-old Yuan Chen was taunted, pressed down on the ground, and stomped on his head while beating him indiscriminately.

Holding his head in the crowd, the pain came from all directions, and he was in a daze and despair.

After the beating, the group of children and teenagers yelled "If you dare to speak hard again, I will see you once and hit you once", before they laughed and left together.

Back at the Xiangguo Mansion, Yuanshen hid directly in his own room.

he is afraid...

Afraid that if he went to the academy, those people would make him fall into that despair again.

At dusk, in a drowsy sleep, the old butler suddenly knocked on his door, saying that someone from the academy outside the house was looking for him.

These words instantly dissipated all the drowsiness in the original body.

Fear and uneasiness occupied all minds, and he refused to go out even if he said nothing.

However, the old butler did not give up. After the old butler's patient persuasion, he came tremblingly to the main entrance.

In the street at sunset,

I saw it in person,

Not the demon who punched him during the day.

Instead,

A row of quivering kneeling quail.

Those murderers who were clamoring fiercely and wanted to beat him up knelt in Xiangguo Mansion together with their parents, cowering in fear like a flock of quails waiting to be slaughtered.

that moment,

With the sunset of the imperial capital gradually sinking into the horizon,

The evil in Xu Changtian's heart,

Started to breed and spread.....

"Snapped--"

Thinking up to this point, Xu Yuan has surpassed the huge repulsive force and grabbed the source crystal in the groove, and there is something complicated in the narrow and long eyes...


		