

Listening to Li Guanshi's confident words, Xu Yuan felt a little pain in his head.

Wait?

What are you waiting for?

Wait for the protagonist to come out from the instance of Changhong Valley and kill you all?

Xu Yuan was a little helpless.

But it's not enough to say that these subordinates are brainless and stupid, after all, these people don't have the perspective of God that he once had.

Insufficient information, limited rules, and some common sense make it normal for the other party to make such a judgment.

Xu Yuan doesn't know how big the gap is between the eighth rank and the seventh rank, but he roughly knows the gap between the ninth rank and the eighth rank.

Not counting the improvement of physique, the source qi reserves of the ninth rank are only one-third of that of the eighth rank, and the operation speed of the kung fu is half slower.

Under such a gap, two seventh-rank teams and a group of eighth-rank teams could all be killed. It can only be said that Qin Mo is indeed worthy of being the protagonist.

However, Qin Mo went to Changhong Valley, so he could confirm which route the other party was taking.

Grandpa's route.

Murphy's Law doesn't lie to me.

Slightly sighed.

The reason why the protagonist of the plot went to the Changhong Valley is also simple,

Grandpa guides.

There is a secret realm hidden in Changhong Valley, and there is an elixir in the secret realm that can help the old man recover his soul power.

certainly,

In addition to helping the grandfather with him, based on the principle that the protagonist will never fly in the dungeon, Qin Mo's own strength will also be greatly improved after upgrading from fighting monsters and taking drugs in the secret realm.

According to the plot of Cangyuan, this strength is just right for the guards of the Xu family who are blocking the door.

Fighting all the way, using all kinds of means, and finally killed in front of the original body waiting in Taniguchi.

Yes, Changhong Valley is one of the burial places of the original body.

In the route of the old man in Cangyuanzhong, the original body took Su Jinxuan and the others down to the mouth of the Changhong Valley to wait for the protagonist of the plot.

He was going to kill Qin Mo in front of Su Jinxuan so that she could give up.

Then it was counter-killed.

Thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan directly ordered:

"Bring back those who are guarding."

"Ah?" Li Guanshi was a little stunned.

Xu Yuan glanced at him: "I said, let those people come back."

Li Guanshi was puzzled, but he quickly bowed his head and responded:

"Yes, third son."

Xu Yuan snorted coldly, raised his finger and pointed to the courtyard door ahead.

Upon seeing this, Li Guanshi knew that it was the third son who asked him to go down to carry out the order, so he just bowed his hand:

"Third Young Master, the little old man will do it right away, and I will take my leave for the time being."

After finishing speaking, Guanshi Li saluted again, turned around and left quickly.

Watching the other party disappear around the corner, Xu Yuan lowered his eyes and walked forward.

He felt a little bad.

Qin Mo of the grandfather's route is like a hedgehog, and now there is an unknown Qin Weijiu watching in the dark.

Even if he is now accompanied by Ying'er and other three great masters, it is not realistic to block the door and forcefully kill the other party, and it may even be counter-killed.

unless....

Subconsciously, a big black ice lump appeared in Xu Yuan's mind.

Unless Ran Qingmo came to look for him at this time.

After all, when we parted, he had said that if she wanted to save Jianzong, she had no choice but to come to Jingjiang Mansion to find him.

If one favor is used to ask the other party to help, it is estimated that they can go directly to Changhong Valley to block the door.

Of course, this is just a thought.

Expecting Ran Qingmo to come to him, Xu Yuan might as well expect that old man in Dijing to pay more respects to Qin Mo.

after all,

That "grandfather" was a saint during his lifetime.

This side of the world,

To be extraordinary is to be holy.


All the way in silence from the courtyard in the northwest to the wetland lake.

The cold lake breeze in winter blows,

Xu Yuan was reading the secret report while walking in front, and Ying'er followed behind.

suddenly,

The corner of Xu Yuan's lips curled into a slight smile.

After reading the secret report, he suddenly felt much better.

The situation on Su Jinxuan's side was almost the same as what he had guessed.

And he discovered that the pig teammate was not just a specialty of his side.

Mr. Qin's subordinates also have many greedy pig teammates.

With a thought, Xu Yuan put this secret report into the Sumeru Ring, and Xu Yuan asked aloud:

"Ying'er, did you go to see that Hu Meizi just now?"

Ying'er replied softly: "I haven't mentioned it yet, but I have asked the maid who looks after her."

"How's it going?"

"It seems that there is some mental problem. I took off the restraints for her, but she just shrank in the corner of the bed and didn't speak."

"Is that so..."

Hearing the news, Xu Yuan didn't feel much surprise.

It can only be said that as expected.

People in the previous life could drive people crazy after staying in a dark room where they could move for three days, not to mention that their hands and feet were deeply trapped in soft blankets and could not move.

It's not surprising that the dead silence that seems to be forever alone can drive people crazy.

After a pause, Xu Yuan said softly:

"The duration of this criminal law is best not to be too long, it will drive people crazy."

Ying'er nodded slightly, her voice fluctuated slightly:

"Well, I just asked the maid who fed the spirit spring, and she said that the succubus body was in extreme pain during the past ten days, and its body was constantly twisting and struggling on the bed, until it was exhausted before it stopped for a moment."

paused,

Ying'er looked into Xu Yuan's eyes, very seriously:

"This punishment is weird, it can be punished with black scales."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Ying'er continued to say to himself:

"I have reported this criminal law to Lord Lou Ji, and according to the rules, rewards will be given to the third son."

Xu Yuan's eyelids twitched.

Lou Ji, one of his father's confidantes who are loyal to his father, is in charge of the Black Scale Guard.

A venomous and vicious woman with a very cool attire but a charming face.

In his memory, he met the other party in the Xiangguo Mansion in the imperial capital. He was indeed enchanting, and he was indeed dressed coolly.

However, Xu Yuan didn't expect that even a criminal law would be rewarded in the Black Scale Guard.

Exhaling slightly, Xu Yuan asked softly:

"What's the reward?"

"Master Lou Ji said that when the young master returns to the Imperial Capital, she will give it to you in person."


Hearing this, some bad memories came to mind, Xu Yuan noticed it and smiled playfully:

"Heh... Help me tell that old aunt Lou Ji that I don't like her reward."

Ying'er was slightly silent, but still nodded:

"I will report to Lord Lou Ji."

Xu Yuan waved his hand:

"Okay, let's not talk about this, where is Hu Meizi now?"

"Over there in Beiyuan."

"Take me there to have a look. I need to find her."


All the way silent.

Half a quarter of an hour later, the Beiyuan secret room.

After pouring Yuan Qi into his eyes, Xu Yuanfang was able to vaguely see the dark stairways around him.

Ying'er did not follow.

At the end of the long and narrow stairway is a small cube-shaped secret room. Under the blessing of Yuan Qi, Xu Yuan vaguely placed a big bed in the middle of the secret room.

"Da da da..."

The sound of footsteps seemed to make the person on the big bed hear hope.

"Swish..."

A faint rustling sound gradually came from the bed.

In the end, Xu Yuan stopped beside the big soft bed.

After standing quietly for a while, Xu Yuan exhaled slightly, and stroked the woman's tear-stained cheek with the back of his hand.

unexpected.

She didn't fight back.

Instead, like a drowning person catching a piece of driftwood in the sea, he rubbed his cheek against the only real feeling he could touch......


		