

"Tuk-tuk--"

The wooden door of the wing room was knocked from the outside, and Xu Yuan looked back at the sound:

"What's up?"

"Third Young Master, your medicinal food is ready." A slightly hoarse female voice came into the room.

"come in."

"Squeak—"

With a creak, the wooden door was pushed open from the outside, and a slim woman dressed as a shadow guard walked in from the outside carrying a dinner plate.

It was Ying'er who had been by Xu Changge's side all the time.

With a mask covering his face, tight black clothes, a red waist, and a crisp ponytail swayed gently behind his head.

Looking at each other, Xu Yuan narrowed his eyes slightly.

in memory,

As a standard dandy villain,

As a lustful hungry ghost with the glorious record of forcing one dragon to play five phoenixes by taking medicine by force,

Naturally, Xu Changtian had thought about the slender Yinger next to his elder brother, and even "tactfully" begged Xu Changge for him when he was in the Imperial Capital.

The original body felt that the other party was a dog raised by his family, and a dog with a higher level of cultivation was no different from a dog with a lower level.

And the result of the begging was natural and smooth, and it came from the big brother's beating.

The memories that flashed through his mind left Xu Yuanzheng speechless.

It's ridiculous.

Going around Goulan, sleeping with maids, and robbing civilian girls is fine, but the second generation ancestor of the original body actually put his idea into his own military equipment system.

Ying'er is a high-level shadow guard trained by their family.

Xu Changge's begging nature is almost equivalent to the prince letting the female general who returned from fighting outside to warm his bed.

Even though I know it's absurd, the play still needs to be performed.

After verifying that he was not taken away, Xu Changge left without asking anything.

Where did his mysterious technique come from?

How do you get the innate body?

What happened along the way when Ran Qingmo was used as a meat ticket, and why did he force Ran Qingmo to let go at the end?

Xu Changge never asked about these matters.

Or,

Xu Changge didn't think that this idiot younger brother, who had been beaten up by him since he was a child, would tell him these things honestly.

If Xu Yuan hadn't been sealed in advance when beating him up, Xu Changge even felt that he could hear some outrageous words from this bastard's mouth.

Therefore, he kept this shadow who had been following him by Xu Yuan's side.

Xu Yuan judged that this was protection and surveillance.

My every move will probably be passed on to Xu Changge by the other party intact.

His personality can change slowly, but never overnight.

Forced to let Ran Qingmo go with death can barely be explained by having feelings for her along the way. The conversation and expressions between him and Ran Qingmo at the entrance of the cave should be clearly seen by Xu Changge on the mountain top.

Moreover, it wasn't the first time Yuanshen did such absurd thing as forcing him to death.

thinking,

Xu Yuan's gaze wandered openly and aboveboard on Ying'er's slender figure wrapped in tight black clothes.

This time Xu Changge didn't do anything cruel. Although Xu Yuan was knocked out, he was able to get out of bed and walk after two days.

Ying'er entered the room, bent over silently and placed the dinner plate on the wooden table in the middle of the wing.

At this time,

Xu Yuan suddenly chuckled and said;

"Heh~ In the end, Xu Changge still gave you to me."

Ying'er didn't seem to hear what he said, and still took the medicinal food out of the dinner plate step by step and put it on the wooden table.


Seeing him, Xu Yuan got off the bed, with a smile on his lips, and slowly walked behind Ying'er's slender figure, and raised his hand to hit the opponent's chassis.

Palms drop.

Snapped--

A crisp sound resounded in the silent room.

The room fell silent for a moment.

Ying'er's eyes lowered slightly, but there was no emotion in them.

Xu Yuan was taken aback.

This woman's cultivation base is so high, why doesn't she hide?

Didn't this woman dodge all his attempts to profit in the past?

After thinking for a moment, Xu Yuan's smile didn't change, and he braced himself to continue exerting force, but the next moment his eyes were in a trance.

"Pa-ta--"

A severed hand fell to the ground.

The cut surface of the broken hand is neat, the touch is cold, and the suffocation feels like falling into an ice cave.

"Om—"

back to reality,

Xu Yuan's hand was still gently pressing on the woman's peach buttocks, and Ying'er just looked back at him calmly.

This breath reminded him of the hallucination of his head flying high when he first saw Ran Qingmo.

In an instant, Xu Yuan understood that the other party wanted to use this once and for all method to solve his spying on her.

Breathing a little short, Xu Yuan gritted his teeth cooperatively and took two steps back:

"You... what do you mean?"


Ying'er didn't speak, she looked away flatly, turned around and left the room, still not forgetting to gently close Xu Yuan's door before leaving.

In the room, there was silence for two seconds.

"Clang--"

Xu Yuan kicked the wooden table in front of him over, and all the precious medicinal food on it were thrown to the ground.

After taking a few breaths, Xu Yuan started to tear down the house while pretending to roar in the room:

"I'm going to kill you! If you dare to treat me like this, I'll let my father kill you!!

"Bastard!! When I reach my cultivation base, I will cripple your meridian and lock you into the dungeon!!"



On the corners of the cornices and wings on the top of the attic on the back of the huge black eagle, two figures are sitting leisurely and blowing the wind.

The unshaven Zhou Chen was lying sideways on the eaves, with the blade aside, holding a gourd of wine and drinking tons and tons.

Sensing what happened in the main wing, Zhou Chen shivered slightly.

These three young masters even dared to touch that woman's buttocks.

The corners of his lips twitched, Zhou Chen looked at Si Ziyu beside him, and said in a slightly respectful voice:

"As expected of the third son, his courage is astonishing."

Si Ziyu sat cross-legged next to him, also sensed what happened downstairs, and smiled softly:

"In this kind of matter, the third son's courage has always been different from ordinary people. Back then, Wu Chenghou's granddaughter was kidnapped by him and returned to Xiangguo's mansion."

"Is there such a thing?"

Zhou Chen was a little surprised: "I remember that the princess didn't just come to Beijing to meet her relatives a year ago?"

That is the granddaughter of the Northern Army God in the court, and she dares to tie her up.

The third son, you have too much personality.

Si Ziyu glanced at Zhou Chen:

"Otherwise, why do you think the third son came to Jingjiang City from the Imperial Capital a year ago?"

Zhou Chen touched the stubble, his eyes flickered for a moment, then suddenly lowered his voice, and asked in a low voice:

"Then... is it over?"

There was a smile in Si Ziyu's eyes:

"Are you still interested in this kind of thing?"

Zhou Chen slammed his mouth a little bored:

"It can't be said."

Si Ziyu looked into the distance and said slowly:

"Almost, I was responsible for the safety of the third son at that time. The eldest son of Wu Chenghou led people into the Xiangguo's mansion and rescued him."

Zhou Chen shook his head, lifted the gourd to pour wine:

"The young master? Are you his opponent?"

Si Ziyu shook his head: "No."

Zhou Chen raised his eyebrows:

"I remember his temper is not very good, the third son was not beaten to death?"

Si Ziyu said slowly:

"The eldest son was in the mansion at the time, but he didn't know that the girl was Wu Chenghou's granddaughter."


silence,

Zhou Chen narrowed his eyes:

"You mean that the little princess was tied up by the third son as soon as he entered the city before he recognized his relatives. Is there such a coincidence?"

Si Ziyu shook his head:

"Of course it can't be such a coincidence, the third son said, he was encouraged.

"But...who egged him on, he can't remember."


		