

Time flies, one and a half months.

The crowd under the martial arts stage was silent.

The battle between Xu Yuan and the eighth-rank warriors on the stage has entered a fever pitch.

The dull sound of fists and feet pierced into the flesh.

While tossing and turning, Xu Yuan suddenly swung his palm into a knife.

"brush--"

Blade-like blood-colored ripples cut out instantly.

The burly man's pupils shrank, and he quickly dodged it. At the same time, he suddenly punched Xu Yuan's face with a powerful fist.

The strong wind from the fist almost brushed his cheeks, and with the passing of the punch, the side ribs of the strong man were exposed in front of Xu Yuan's eyes.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan turned his palm into a fist, and the blood-colored flames covered it instantly as the kung fu worked. Xu Yuan directly punched the opponent's side with an uppercut.

The man in front of him seemed to have noticed Xu Yuan's purpose in advance, and his callused palm blocked his ribs before the bombardment arrived.

"boom!"

There was a muffled sound.

The powerful force from bottom to top directly knocked the strong man's entire body into the air.

Xu Yuan followed with a punch, but the strong man had already protected himself with his muscular arms in advance.

There was another sound of meat piercing.

Even with protection, the strong man who was flying in mid-air with nowhere to rely was directly blown out of the martial arts stage by this powerful force.

He took two steps back to stabilize his figure, the strong man rubbed his numb arms, sighed regretfully, and bowed his fists to salute:

"Third Young Master, I lost."

"call......"

Standing on the martial arts stage, Xu Yuan let out a long breath.

For the first time in half a month, he won.

Although he forcibly smashed the opponent out of the martial arts arena with the powerful force under the blessing of the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art, he won once after all.

Xu Yuan looked sideways at Zhou Chen who was standing by the martial arts stage.

Seeing this, Zhou Chen nodded at Xu Yuan, saluted, and said with a smile:

"Third Young Master, he didn't hold back."

After being certified by professionals, Xu Yuan jumped off the martial arts platform, pointed to the strong man over there and said:

"Give him a Bone Tempering Pill, that's all for today, let's go."

"okay."

Zhou Chen smiled when he heard the words, threw out a bone quenching pill, and followed Xu Yuan out of the Wuxuanyuan.

On the way back to his room, Xu Yuan moved his sore body with some difficulty.

Just now, the punches and punches hit the body, even with the body protection of the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art, he was still so stuffy that he was choking, he probably would be bruised all over his body after taking off his clothes tonight.

Xu Yuan touched his cheek, a tingling pain came from the cheekbone, and he said helplessly:

"These nursing homes are becoming more and more liberal."

Zhou Chen followed behind, and replied with a smile:

"Young master, you are getting stronger and stronger in actual combat. No matter how hard these guards don't try their best, they won't be able to get the bone tempering pill every day."

Xu Yuan smiled when he heard the words, but the smile quickly subsided.

Now he has no right to be proud here.

Although his actual combat strength has indeed improved rapidly, it is actually crushed by the attributes brought by the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art.

His speed and strength beat the opposing Maiden Tempering Martial Artist by a large margin. Such a gap is only worth a tie. What is there to be proud of?

And more importantly,

The Blood Yuan Heart Falling Jue has been cultivated to the Dao of Qi, and it is the master of magic.

It's like hurting the enemy from a distance.

But now he is still stuck in the most basic hand-to-hand combat, completely unable to exert the true power of the Bleeding Origin Heart Falling Art.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan sighed slightly.

In the final analysis, it was still because he was not proficient enough in the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art.

The battle in this world is very complicated, and it is not just a skill that can be used directly by calling a name.

If you want to use the corresponding moves, you have to run the exercises according to specific meridians.

What he used in the previous battles were all the most basic ones, and those powerful moves could not be used in actual combat.

Every time he runs halfway through the rubbing skills, he will be interrupted by various offensives from the opposite side, as well as his own body tossing and turning.

According to the description in the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art, as long as the various skills are used proficiently, one should be invincible among the same rank.

Only through experience will you find the shortcomings.

There is not only cultivation in this world, there are many things he has to learn.

These guards are indeed one of the best players in the same class, but you must know that these people are still not a match for the protagonist Qin Mo in the plot.

Going far away in silence,

"Hoo... hoo... hoo ha..."

With a burst of shortness of breath, a maid with a handsome face panted and ran to the front from the distant courtyard:

"Three...Third Young Master."


Looking at the other person's face, Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows.

He remembered that the other party was the maid arranged by Manager Li to take care of Su Jinxuan's daily life.

"What is it?"

The maid was out of breath:

"Miss Su said...that she wanted to see you, Third Young Master."



During these days when Xu Yuan was obsessed with actual combat, Su Jinxuan stayed in the wing room and never went out, reading and checking the account books of the Nakong Chinese Chamber of Commerce.

For her, denying Qin Weijiu is tantamount to denying her own cognition of more than ten years, so she desperately wants to find flaws in these accounts.

When Xu Yuan found out about it, he ordered someone to print out the fake account book on the face of the Konghua Chamber of Commerce, and sent it to Su Jinxuan's room for her to check.

As for Su Jinxuan's investigation, it took more than half a month.

When he came to the side room, Xu Yuan pushed the door and entered alone.

As expected, the entire room was filled with various ledgers piled up like a mountain.

On the bed, on the floor, on the table, on the windowsill.

Some were opened, some were closed, and some were even torn to pieces.

Looking around the messy room, Xu Yuan's eyes finally landed on the woman on the futon.

Su Jinxuan knelt on the futon beside the tea tray, her face was a little haggard, but her eyes were no longer as hesitant as before.

Xu Yuan directly stepped on various ledgers, went to sit opposite her, poured himself a cup of tea, and asked:

"Miss Su, have you finished reading?"

"No."

Su Jinxuan's voice is very soft, a little hoarse, and she should have cried many times these days:

"This ledger...how did you get it?"

Su Jinxuan's soft voice sounded in the silent wing.

Xu Yuan replied naturally:

"Of course the Black Scale Guard got it, why don't you continue to read it?"

Su Jinxuan put the ledger in her hand on the wooden table, lowered her beautiful eyes, and said softly:

"There's no need to continue watching..."

Having picked so many at random, she has already verified the authenticity of these ledgers.

Xu Yuan turned around and sat back in front of the woman, smiled and said:

"So you figured it out now?"

"..." Su Jinxuan was silent.

Xu Yuan said softly:

"I know that for you, this matter is a bit difficult to accept for a while, but you should have made up your mind when you asked me to come over?"

Su Jinxuan lowered her eyes, her long eyelashes trembled slightly, and her tone was very calm:

"Well, what do you want me to do?"

Xu Yuan smiled slightly when he heard the words, and said softly:

"three things.

"First, tell me everything you know about Qin Weijiu."

"Second, follow my order and send fake news to Qin Weijiu."

"Third, um...and help me practice."


		