

"Undress?" Xu Yuan asked subconsciously.

Ran Qingmo's expression remained calm, and he said softly:

"My injury is serious, and my control over Qi has dropped a lot. If you are wearing clothes, it may hurt you."

Hearing the words of the woman in front of him, without any pretense, Xu Yuan took off the robe directly on his body.

Taking off his clothes for the first time, Xu Yuan realized that his body was very thin now by the faint light of the night pearl on the stone wall.

With a height of over 1.8 meters and a weight of less than 110 catties, she is so thin that even her ribs are clearly visible.

Years of wine and sex have completely eaten away this body.

Xu Yuan withdrew his gaze, looked at Ran Qingmo calmly, and said:

"Pants, do you need to take them off?"


Ran Qingmo looked up at him, his cold eyes just looked at him quietly.

Well, it doesn't look like it should.

Xu Yuan sat cross-legged opposite Ran Qingmo, just about to speak.

"Lie down." She ordered softly.

Xu Yuan adjusted his posture silently and lay flat in front of the woman.

Ran Qingmo raised a slender finger, and a faint blue light appeared on her fingertips:

"My qi will enter your body."

Xu Yuan glanced sideways:

"Is nothing wrong?"

He remembered that Ran Qingmo said that if her qi entered his body, it would directly rupture his narrow entrance.


Ran Qingmo had almost gotten used to the strong man of "Qi Da Yuan Chu" in front of him, and asked her these idiotic questions above cultivation.

After a pause, she shook her head and explained:

"Qi is only on the surface and will not enter your meridians."

Xu Yuan nodded for her to continue.

In the dim cave, the woman's slender fingers moved slightly, and the blue light on the fingertips instantly dispersed into hundreds of light spots that lightly landed on the surface of Xu Yuan's body like fireflies.

It feels a little cold to the touch.

And the next moment,

These spots of light entered his body directly through his skin like a cow entering the sea.

all of a sudden,

In Xu Yuan's field of vision, his body directly became a perspective view of the human body.

The dots of light were connected into one piece, and the acupoints with clear veins appeared in front of his eyes.

Soon, Xu Yuan felt that with the entry of these light spots, his body gradually fell into a state of paralysis.

However, the numbness brought on by bursts of numbness, her qi ice was cold and comfortable.

"Ah~"

Ran Qingmo glanced over.

Xu Yuan closed the wheat.

Ran Qingmo withdrew his gaze and said in a clear voice:

"I'll teach you how to identify acupuncture points first."

"Acupoints?"

"Acupoints are important nodes between meridians." She explained.

"Oh, good." Xu Yuan nodded.

"It might hurt a little bit next."

As he spoke, Ran Qingmo stretched out a slender finger and gently tapped Xu Yuan's neck.

Her fingertips were not warm, but rather cold.

"This is Huiyuan Point."

The voice fell, and with the touch of her fingertips, a tingling pain instantly broke through the comfortable numbness just now.

The pain on the right side of the neck made Xu Yuan's body tremble uncontrollably.

But the pain was barely tolerable.

However, Ran Qingmo's fingers did not stop, and kept tapping on Xu Yuanping's lying body at a rate of once every five seconds.

Every time Ran Qingmo clicks, a corresponding acupuncture point will be reported, and a tingling pain will come from somewhere under the skin where she lightly taps with her fingertips...

Time passed by quietly...

After two quarters of an hour,

Hundreds of acupuncture points on the human body have been tapped.

Ran Qingmo slowly withdrew his hand, looked at Xu Yuan, and said in a clear voice:

"Do you remember all of these?"

Xu Yuan opened his eyes.

I looked at her for a second, opened my mouth,

road:

"what?"

She doesn't think that he can remember it once, does she?

"..." Ran Qingmo.

Without saying a word, Ran Qingmo stretched out his finger silently, and continued to tap:

"This is Huiyuan Cave..."



I don't know how long it has passed, and I don't know how many times the tutorial on identifying acupuncture points has been repeated, maybe it was a morning, maybe it was an afternoon.

Ran Qingmo withdrew her hand again, looking at the man lying flat in front of her:

"This time, do you remember?"

Xu Yuan closed his eyes and felt it carefully. Ran Qingmo nodded slightly at what was left of the qi that had entered his body:

"I roughly remember it."

"approximately?"

"Seventy to eighty percent."


Ran Qingmo looked at her strangely, full of incomprehension.

so stupid...

She didn't understand why the man in front of her was so stupid.


Xu Yuan roughly understood the meaning in the big ice lump's eyes, and opened his mouth to explain.

As a god of learning in the eyes of others in his previous life, he thought that his memorization of these acupuncture points was fast enough.

But in the end, Xu Yuan swallowed the words that came to his lips.

Compared with the other party, maybe my previous "study god" is really just an ordinary person.

He remembered that at this point in the plot, the woman in black seemed to be only seventeen years old.

And at the age of seventeen, her cultivation has already reached the level of a great master, and she is only one step away from the beginning of Qi Dayuan.

The gap between people is really bigger than the gap between people and dogs.

Ran Qingmo didn't say anything more, raised her finger silently, and said:

"Let's continue."

"Um."

Xu Yuan nodded and focused again.

Time, little by little again.....

The sky cannot be seen in the cave, and it is impossible to tell how long has passed.

It's over again,

Xu Yuan only felt that his whole body was about to turn into Ran Qingmo's faint blue source of energy.

At this time, Ran Qingmo also said:

"If you keep going, your body will hurt."


Xu Yuan slowly opened his eyes, hesitated a little, but nodded in agreement with Ran Qingmo's proposal.

Although Ran Qingmo's qi is soft, it is a foreign object after all, and it will cause a burden after entering his body for a long time.

At this moment, he already felt a trace of nausea and dizziness.

Moreover, the long-term concentration also made his body feel an unprecedented fatigue.

People's willpower is indeed very important, but the body's functions are here, and no amount of willpower can change it.

After a day of classes,

Ran Qingmo did not rest, and continued to sit cross-legged and adjust his breath to heal his injuries.

And Xu Yuan climbed onto the only jade bed in the cave mansion, his head touched the pillow, and he fell into a deep sleep.

in his dream,

It is still the picture of her teaching him to identify acupuncture points......



Ran Qingmo didn't seem to need to rest.

While Xu Yuan was awake, she taught him the basics of spiritual practice.

When Xu Yuan was resting, she silently sat cross-legged in a corner and adjusted her breath to heal her injuries.

There was no food in the cave, but the pool seemed to be formed by some kind of natural and earthly treasures, and it only took one sip to provide Xu Yuan with energy for a day.

Life here seems to have no years, and the days pass by like this.

And Xu Yuan also gradually mastered those obscure and difficult knowledge of cultivation in these days when he didn't know the day and night...


		