

When Xu Yuan was doing something, he always liked to be methodical and plan ahead.

Therefore, Xu Yuan naturally paid more attention to the preparations before practicing, knowing that the death rate of practicing the Blood Yuanxin Art is so high.

As Ran Qingmo's practice deepened, Xu Yuan gradually divided the preparations for practicing the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art into five steps in his mind.

The first step is to learn the basic knowledge of this world, and ask Ran Qingmo to teach him a superficial kung fu to practice and familiarize himself with the operation of the kung fu.

The second step is to start trying to mobilize Yuan Qi to run along the route of the Xue Yuan Xin Yu Jue in a waking state.

The third step is to adapt to the dying state and stay awake with the help of Ran Qingmo.

In the fourth step, with the help of Ran Qingmo, he began to operate the route of the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Jue in the dying state.

And the fifth step is to officially start practicing.

After a month, Xu Yuan has completed the preparations for the first two steps.

If he was given a month, Xu Yuan would be confident that he could complete the plan he had set in his heart perfectly, but the countdown to death with only five days left was not enough for him to carry out the remaining three steps in an orderly manner according to the plan.

With no way out, Xu Yuan would not hesitate in making a choice.

Now there is no time for him to adapt a little bit.

He must take risks.

There was a moment of silence in the cramped cave.

Ran Qingmo looked at Xu Yuan's plain and serious eyes, and nodded slowly:

"Can."

After a pause, her voice hesitated slightly:

"But...why?"

Xu Yuan raised his eyes and glanced at the dark cave roof. He was silent for a long time, and said:

"To save my life and yours."

Ran Qingmo's eyes flashed a little puzzled:

"But, my injury has healed."

Because the injury is healed, I can take you out.

This is her confidence.

Xu Yuan turned his eyes sideways and said softly:

"I know your injury is healed, but have you seen Xu Changge?"

Ran Qingmo's beautiful eyes flickered for a moment, then she shook her head:

"He's always been in the capital, I've never seen him, you mean he's here too?"

The master said that the eldest son of the Xiangguo Mansion is even more talented than her.

Like her, Xu Changge also broke through to the realm of a great master at the age of sixteen.

But it's a pity that he didn't improve after that, and now Xu Changge has been stuck in the realm of the great master for more than fourteen years.

After fourteen years of accumulation, Xu Changge should be very strong, but she can still barely deal with it, and even escape at the worst.

Now Xu Yuan's meridian can barely bear her qi, and using qi to enter his meridian can temporarily protect him from being hurt by the "air pressure" brought about by his rapid speed.

Therefore, she was able to take Xu Yuan and escape from the siege of a group of opponents.

Moreover, because of the Nine Returning Pill and the month of cultivation here, her current cultivation has improved a lot compared to a month ago.

"Well, he did come."

Xu Yuan glanced at her helplessly, and said softly:

"But you know what?"

"Know what?" Ran Qingmo asked.

"As early as ten years ago, Xu Changge had reached the beginning of Qi."

After the voice fell, the cave was instantly dead silent.


Ran Qingmo's quiet eyes lowered slightly.

Xu Yuan looked at her expression, smiled slightly, and said with a sigh:

"Actually, Mr. Ran, if you want to threaten that person with Xu Changtian's life, it is feasible to a certain extent."

"He really values ​​his family, otherwise he wouldn't let Xu Changge come over."

paused,

Xu Yuan stared into Ran Qingmo's eyes:

"Mr. Ran, are you sure about escaping now? It's okay to use my body as a hostage to threaten you."

"..." Ran Qingmo didn't reply.

Xu Yuan slowly closed his eyes and fell into silence.

A breath of despair permeated the small cave.

Back then in "Cang Yuan", the boss that required players to hang up to defeat was Xiangguo's eldest son, Xu Changge!

Under the monstrous anger of that Prime Minister, the eldest son chased and killed Ran Qingmo all the way, and finally blocked her near the ruins of a mysterious village called "Burial Village" on the border of Dayan.

The battles go fast.

With the first punch, the three-foot black sword in her hand came out directly.

With the second punch, Ran Qingmo flew upside down, lying on the ground as thin as a gossamer.

Two strokes, the battle is over.

There was no chance of fighting back at all, and Ran Qingmo didn't even have a chance to strike a sword, so he was directly and seriously injured by the eldest son.

The gap in strength is suffocating.

I don't know how long this deathly silence lasted in the cave.

Xu Yuan slowly opened his eyes:

"Mr. Ran, let's start."

His voice was soft but firm.

Because only by practicing that technique can he survive.


Ran Qingmo's eyes flickered, her red lips moved, she was hesitant to speak, but in the end she nodded slightly and said softly;

"thanks."

Xu Yuan shook his head:

"As I said before, don't say thank you, that word is useless."

Ran Qingmo stared at him seriously, and was silent for two seconds:

"Then...then I owe you another favor."

Xu Yuan smiled when he heard the words, and said in a low voice:

"Mr. Ran, once you owe too much on favors, you often have to put yourself in it. You helped me in this matter, and I chose to take the risk for my own life, so I don't need yours." Favor."

Ran Qingmo's eyes flickered for a moment, and she insisted:

"No, I owe it."

Silence, staring at each other.

Xu Yuan exhaled:

"what ever,

"Time is running out, can we start now?"

Ran Qingmo nodded, and slowly raised a slender hand to grab Xu Yuan's wrist.

The cold touch of her hands immediately spread along the skin.

Xu Yuan glanced at it and asked calmly:

"What method are you going to use?"

Ran Qingmo explained in a low voice:

"I will use my qi to make black ice to cover you, and help you to heal your wounds afterwards."

Xu Yuan thought for a while.

Up to now, with Qi already in his body, the two of them can already use exercises to heal their injuries.

Thinking stopped, Xu Yuan nodded slightly to indicate that he could start.

Without any words, a gloomy cold air instantly appeared in this cramped cave, and the pervasive cold mist even froze a thin layer of frost on the surface of the spiritual spring in the cave.

Xu Yuan only felt a spine-chilling chill rapidly spreading from his wrists.

From the wrist to the arm, to the entire torso on the right, until the whole body fell into the ice for thousands of years.

In the pervasiveness of this cold air, Xu Yuan noticed that his consciousness was slowing down at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the breath of death clung to his heart like maggots on the tarsus.

Time passed by every minute and every second, and everything in front of me gradually fell into darkness...


At some point, Xu Yuan faintly woke up again, staring at the dark ceiling of the cave, speechless for a long time.

He thought that the coma caused by hypothermia in the cave was considered near death, but when the real feeling of dying came, Xu Yuanfang realized that the coma caused by hypothermia was nothing at all.

After only holding on for a few minutes, his consciousness fell into darkness.

A slightly dry voice resounded softly in the silent cave:

"I...how long have I been unconscious?"

"Two hours." Ran Qingmo's plain voice came from his side.

Xu Yuan put his hand between his eyebrows and rubbed vigorously.

two hours...

In five days or so, at least two days must be reserved for the formal training of the Blood Yuan Xin Jue.

Once every two hours, that is to say, he has at most twenty opportunities to adapt.

Slowly sitting up, Xu Yuan looked at her without saying anything:

"continue."

"If possible, wake me up directly after healing the injury, no need to rest."


Ran Qingmo looked at his weak but determined eyes, lightly pursed the corners of her lips, and silently held his wrist again...


		