

A few seconds later, Ran Qingmo dropped a giant white tiger from the sky and hit the ground heavily.

In Ran Qingmo's hands, the white tiger's two-foot-long body was like a big cat, pinned down by the back of its neck and unable to move.

Ran Qingmo let go, pointed to the white tiger lying on the ground, walked towards Xu Yuan, and asked softly:

"It, can it?"

Xu Yuan didn't speak.

After he saw Ran Qingmo let go of his hand, the big tiger raised its head quietly, and stared at Ran Qingmo's back with a pair of vertical pupils.

next moment,

The big white tiger tried to use his own life to explain in front of Ran Qingmo what it means to have no freedom or give up death.

The giant white tiger rushed towards the woman's slender figure with all its strength, and was knocked on the head by Ran Qingmo's backhand with a scabbard.

that moment,

Xu Yuan faintly saw the blurred eyes of the giant white tiger flying in mid-air that was about to ascend to heaven after being beaten.

"boom!"

The huge body of the white tiger turned into an afterimage and flew upside down, hitting heavily on the roots of a towering giant tree tens of meters away and a hundred meters away.

Ran Qingmo stopped walking towards Xu Yuan, looked back at the tiger over there, and murmured in disappointment:

"It doesn't seem to be possible..."

He whispered "wait a minute" to Xu Yuan, and walked towards the place where the smoke was blowing up with his sword in hand.

After a moment of silence, a white afterimage popped out of the cloud of smoke and dust, but it didn't pounce on Ran Qingmo anymore, and scrambled and scrambled to escape to the depths of the distant forest.

Human woman, so scary, it has to escape.

Ran Qingmo stepped on his foot, and his figure disappeared.

"boom!"

A muffled sound cut through the silent forest, startling a group of birds.

Ran Qingmo landed steadily, looked at the motionless big tiger whose head had been smashed into the soil, silently reached out and grabbed the fur on its head, dragged it and walked slowly towards Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan looked at the scene in front of him, and the corners of his eyes twitched.

Standing still, Ran Qingmo nodded to Xu Yuan:

"It should work now, go up and try."

Xu Yuan opened his mouth, and glanced at the big white tiger lying motionless on the ground.

Baihu squinted halfway, obviously pretending to be dead, staring at Xu Yuan with a little warning in his eyes.

Monsters and beasts all have intelligence, but they are higher or lower. At this moment, the big white tiger has understood that this terrifying human woman wants to give it to the human man in front of him as a mount.

Xu Yuan remained silent for a while, out of trust in Ran Qingmo's strength, he still walked towards the tiger lying on the ground step by step.

As soon as I walked in,

Baihu stared at Xu Yuan with half-closed eyes, raised his head slightly, and let out a warning growl from his throat:

"Roar...."

Scholars can be killed, but not humiliated.

"boom!"

The woman standing next to her heard the sound and sheathed her sword directly.

"Aww..." Bai Hu lowered his head sincerely.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan grabbed the white tiger's fur and climbed onto its back.

The white tiger's fur is soft and soft, and it feels very comfortable to the touch, as if it was a cat in a previous life.

Xu Yuan tried to touch Baihu's head twice, but ended up feeling a few swollen bumps.

"Roar..." Bai Hu bared his teeth and growled.

"Bang!" There was another big bag.

"Woo..." Bai Hu honestly put his head down.

Ran Qingmo slowly retracted the scabbard, and said softly:

"Let's go."

As she spoke, she glanced sideways at Baihu.

With Ran Qingmo's gaze, Xu Yuan felt the big white tiger shaking under him, and instead of getting up in a hurry, he first rubbed his head against the corner of Ran Qingmo's black dress.

Xu Yuan wanted to laugh when he saw this scene, the corners of his lips just rose, a chest tightness mixed with a slight itching suddenly spread in his heart.


The smile stopped, Xu Yuan frowned.

He has experienced this itching feeling several times in the past two days.

Roughly, the original body’s “drug addiction” brings about the addiction, as long as it lasts for half a quarter of an hour, this feeling will naturally fade away.

Just as his thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan was about to open his mouth to delay his progress, but before he could say anything, the itching in his chest suddenly spread wildly like a lesion, and transformed into a maddening "addiction" in a few seconds .

A strong sense of suffocation instantly blinded Xu Yuan's eyes.

Xu Yuan subconsciously clenched the soft fur of the white tiger under his body to stabilize his figure, but waves of dizziness kept coming to his heart, his originally straight waist bowed little by little, and the hand that was tightly clutching the fur was also slowly and feebly loosened. opened, and his figure uncontrollably rolled over to the side.

Ran Qingmo noticed Xu Yuan's strangeness at the first time, and quickly supported Xu Yuan who was about to fall to the ground, and frowned slightly:

"What’s wrong with you?"

Xu Yuan's eyes darkened for a while, he opened his mouth to speak, and a fishy and sweet feeling rushed out of his throat.

"Wow....."

A big mouthful of blood spat out on the brown ground. The uncomfortable feeling made Xu Yuan subconsciously push away Ran Qingmo, who was supporting him, and let himself half-kneel on the ground.

Consciousness blurred for a while, Xu Yuan's pain and suffocating addiction made him embed his fingers deeply into the soil.

There is a problem with this body.

This kind of pain that seems to come from the depths of the soul cannot be caused by drugs.

Xu Yuan quickly recalled information related to his original body, Xu Changtian, in his mind, but even after thinking over and over again, he still didn't have the slightest clue.

There is no record in the formula book, game plot, or related novels that the original body will have this symptom, let alone find out the reason.

Is... the world's autocompletion?

A thought flashed through Xu Yuan's mind.

Even though "Cangyuan" has tens of millions of characters in the text, it is still too small for the whole world, and the blank parts that cannot be described in the text will naturally be automatically completed and perfected.

But why does World Completion make this original body have such symptoms? !

Xu Yuan tried to find clues in his mind for analysis, but his consciousness had already begun to drowsy, and the heavy eyelids made him close his eyes in pain...



I don't know how long it took, and woke up again, and the stars have moved, and the sun has disappeared.

Xu Yuan could vaguely see the bright moon outside the canopy and the stars all over the sky from between his fingers. He stared blankly at the night sky for a long time, and the memories before he passed out flooded his mind like a tide.

Frowning slightly, Xu Yuan immediately sat up and touched his chest with lingering fear, but the source of pain that was entrenched in his chest before had disappeared.

"woke up?"

The woman's light voice attracted Xu Yuan's attention. Turning his eyes, Xu Yuan immediately saw the woman in black sitting beside the tree in a familiar posture with her eyes closed.

Xu Yuan looked around.

The surrounding environment has undergone earth-shaking changes from before he fell into a coma. The towering giant trees like the Pandora forest in the Avatar world disappeared, replaced by a bare snow-capped mountain.

It seems that when he was unconscious, Ran Qingmo had already taken him far away.

Xu Yuan rubbed the center of his brows, and asked softly, "How long... have I been in a coma?"

"Four days." Ran Qingmo said.

Xu Yuan was a little surprised: "I have been in a coma for so long?"

After a pause, Xu Yuan restrained his surprise, thinking of the symptoms before coma, his eyes were a little hazy.

Now that he was awake, recalling the horrible pain and suffocation that came from his bone marrow, Xu Yuan was even more sure that it was unlikely that such a situation would occur after taking drugs.

With the personality of Yuanchen's father, whoever dared to give Yuanchen such a deadly drug would have all members of his family punished.

Is it physique?

As a national hero, "Cangyuan" has some physiques of natural winners in life, such as sword embryo spirit body, Taoist soul bone and so on, but after thinking about it, none of them fit his current situation.

Xu Yuan frowned and thought about the reason.

While he was thinking, the quiet eyes of the woman next to him slowly opened at some point, and a faint voice came quietly from Xu Yuan's side:

"Your rejection, is it over?"


		