

Hearing this, Xu Yuan was a little surprised, but not panicked.

His body just couldn't move, and it wasn't that he had been cut off from his five senses.

Seeing Su Jinxuan's pale face day by day, one can naturally know that Su Jinxuan has noticed something is wrong.

However, every time he selected the lucky one to devour and refine, seeing that the floating particles on the surface of the mind soul showed no abnormal behavior, Xu Yuan had a faint feeling that although Su Jinxuan knew something was wrong, she probably hadn't found the reason yet.

Like a horror movie, the last person suddenly disappears, but the others disappear somehow.

But after all, there are only two people in the room, and Su Jinxuan must know that Xu Yuan is responsible for her weakening day by day.

It's just that Su Jinxuan has no way out.

There must be someone who guards him, the three sons, and Zhou Quan outside, and now she is tearing her face, no matter what, she must bite the bullet and continue.

Either forcibly drill into his innate soul body and completely control him, or what awaits her is that after being caught, life would be worse than death.

Now that Su Jinxuan chose to talk to him, it was somewhat beyond Xu Yuan's expectations.

Xu Yuan felt that the spore-like particles attached to the ants suddenly stopped their rhythm, and then the control of the body returned to himself again.

Under the bed tent, Xu Yuan slowly moved his body.

The red bed is not big, and it is difficult to move around.

Sharing the same bed, watching such a beauty up close.

The peach blossoms remain the same, with charming eyes.

Breathing and exhaling reminds people of the rose fields all over the mountains and plains in the valley.

Looking at the alluring woman lying beside him, Xu Yuan narrowed his long and narrow eyes, opened his mouth, but closed it again.

He felt a sudden rhythm from the spore particles attached to the ants on the surface of the soul.

She was warning him not to talk nonsense.

With a chuckle, Xu Yuan reconsidered his words, bent his eyes and said softly:

"Jinxuan, since I promised you to respect your wishes, I naturally didn't do anything over the top these few days. You... really wronged me."

Look at each other for two seconds,

Lying on his side on the bed, Su Jinxuan raised a slender finger and lightly tapped his chest, her words filled with resentment:

"Third Young Master, why...why does Jinxuan always feel weak and weak every day when she gets up these days."

"Weak and limp?"

Xu Yuan murmured and nodded slightly: "Jinxuan, why is your face so pale? Maybe you are really sick, but if your body is really sore, how about I rub it for you?"

As he spoke, Xu Yuan smiled and stretched out his hand towards her who was lying on her side in front of her.

Snapped--

There was a soft crisp sound.

Su Jinxuan opened his hand, and said angrily: "I knew I was taking advantage of me as soon as I woke up, the third son is really bad..."

Xu Yuan smiled slightly, without being annoyed, he withdrew his hand and said with a smile;

"Hehe... If Jinxuan, you are really sour and weak, I just happen to be blindly dissipating Yuansan here."

If Zhou Chen was peeping, he should have noticed something was wrong by now.

But after a pause for several seconds, Zhou Chen didn't show up, so he must be very honest and didn't intend to spy on him.

This is too obedient.

Feeling helpless, Xu Yuan grabbed her slender hand and continued: "As long as Jinxuan is willing to take a bath with me, I can use this Xingyuan San with you~"

Su Jinxuan's eyes flickered for a moment, and she smiled softly:

"Jinxuan is weak now, but she can't stand the tribulations of the third son, and I hope the son will take pity on her."

"If that's the case, then another day."

"Cluck cluck cluck..."

With a charming smile, Su Jinxuan slowly sat up from the bed, while brushing her soft long hair, said inadvertently:

"The third son also saw that my family has been sick recently, and the doctor I know well is not here in Jingjiang City. Can you let my family leave to seek medical treatment for a while?"

Xu Yuan laughed when he heard this.

Nothing to do, ready to run away?

How can there be such a good thing?

And Xu Yuan's smile just surfaced.

Hum——

The inconspicuous thousands of spore particles suddenly moved.

Contrary to the previous behavior of breaking the head and trying to drill into Xu Yuan's soul, these thousands of spore particles began to reversely extract the soul of Xu Yuan's surface.

This scene made Xu Yuan suddenly a little surprised.

This woman's kung fu is actually cannibalism?

However, the keen perception of the innate soul body made Xu Yuan discover the difference in an instant.

After absorbing a certain amount of his mind and soul, the spore particles attached to these ants did not devour and refine themselves to strengthen themselves, but fell apart directly.

The mind and soul between people are repulsive, this is not just talking.

Swallowing it forcibly is the consequence.

This was Su Jinxuan's warning, and it was also a means to almost kill them all.

Let her leave, or die together.

Xu Yuan sensed the weak damage to his mind and soul for a moment, his eyes showed some thought, and he laughed softly immediately:

"We've been inseparable these days, Jinxuan is really willing to leave?"

It's far away, is your method still useful?

After a pause, before Su Jinxuan could reply, Xu Yuan continued:

"Why don't you let me go with you?"

He wanted to see if Su Jinxuan had other means, if there was only this one, then he could be blunt.

You must know that the mind and soul contained in those disintegrated spore particles will not disappear out of thin air, but will gradually dissipate into the air after a while.

And the broken pieces are more convenient for Xu Yuan to absorb and refine.

What's more, once the number of spores sucked at the same time increases, the shock from the soul will become violent.

Zhou Chen didn't know if he would spy on Xu Yuan, but he knew that the woman Ying'er would definitely.

The shock is sent out, and she will come in an instant.

What Xu Yuan said in return was the simultaneous sucking of tens of thousands of spores.

Seeing this scene, Xu Yuan smiled even more happily.

Well, this is still the trick.

It's time to start.

Xu Yuan suddenly grinned, and the Blood Yuan Heart Destruction Art and the matching secret method were running simultaneously in his body.

Standing up slowly, he suddenly reached out and pinched Su Jinxuan's neck.

But as before, his control of the body froze when his hand was halfway out.

Looking at each other without words, Su Jinxuan turned over and rode on Xu Yuan's body, drawing circles on Xu Yuan's chest with her fingers, narrowing her eyes and smiling coquettishly:

"Third Young Master... really want to go with the slave family?"

During the speech, those planktonic spores began to beat like wheat waves again, and Xu Yuan immediately began to eat wantonly.

The act of "stealing people" in the past few days has made him quite familiar with the devouring and refining part of the secret method.

Countless holes suddenly appeared on the surface of Xu Yuan's mind, like countless big mouths, which continuously swallowed the spore-like particles attached to the surface into his body.

Thousand pieces.

Thousands of pieces.

Ten thousand.

Tens of thousands of pieces.

For a moment, the spores that were densely packed with ants were like purgatory on earth.

The moment the accident happened, the pupils of Su Jinxuan's charming eyes shrank slightly.

She tried to contact the spore particles that had been swallowed into Xu Yuanyi's soul.

If she could disperse these spore particles that Xu Yuan actively swallowed, then she would directly and completely control Xu Yuan's mind.

But these spore particles all disappeared like mud cows sinking into the sea.

Realizing this, Su Jinxuan's face turned pale, and a canine tooth bit the corner of her lip.

She realizes what's going on these days.

The current situation is completely out of her control.

The rumored third son of a waste was totally different from what she had known in advance.

It was agreed that there was no cultivation base, but in the end, he had reached the ninth rank.

It was agreed that the innate soul would be crippled, but in the end he was not only an innate soul body, but also cultivated an extremely weird secret method of the soul path.

But the complaints at this time were useless, Su Jinxuan's smile remained unchanged, and her jade hand began to walk slowly on the surface of Xu Yuan's clothes, winking like silk:

"Third Young Master, if you really want to go, it's not impossible..."

The more damaged the mind and soul, the more unconscious the person's consciousness will be.

As long as she weakened Xu Changtian's mind and soul to a certain extent, the strange technique he was running would naturally stagnate, and then he would fall into a coma.

It's just that the cost of doing so is too high, but things can't be taken care of so much now.

Without alerting Xu Changtian's guards, she still has a chance of escaping.

Following Su Jinxuan's thoughts fell.

Those dense spore particles began to reversely extract Xu Yuan's soul in batches.

A batch of spores fell apart, and the next batch of spore particles took over.

Wave after wave, wave after wave.

And Xu Yuan, who was concentrating on devouring and refining, immediately felt waves of dizziness and dizziness coming to his heart.

Steady my mind, I knew in my heart that this was Su Jinxuan's counterattack.

However, because he had been on the verge of death countless times in order to practice this Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art, he had already adapted to stabilizing his mind at this dying time.

After a little adaptation, Xu Yuan sensed what was happening on the surface of the soul.

Seeing the ants with most of the floating particles still motionless attached to the surface of his mind and soul, Xu Yuan felt a strange feeling in his heart.

What's the meaning?

He is ready to risk his life here.

This Su Jinxuan actually wanted to solve Ying'er without disturbing him?


		