

Since the curtains on the windows of the room were all drawn, the whole room looked a little dark.

Bursts of food aroma gently drifted out from the crack in the door.

Three meat, one vegetable and one soup, the delicacies of the world cooked by the chef of Xufu in Jingjiang.

Su Jinxuan's blindfolded black satin has been taken off, her charming peach eyes drooping down, she is sitting at the wooden table in the wing room, holding food in small mouthfuls with bamboo chopsticks.

Xu Yuan just took a sip of the spiritual spring while practicing yesterday, and he was not hungry yet, so he sat quietly and waited for her with a funny face.

Su Jinxuan's movements were slow, eating slowly like a lady, but the expression on her little face was very determined when eating.

It's like eating a decapitated meal.

Ever since he brought her to his wing, the succubus lady had this expression of being ready to die generously.

It is estimated that this woman should be ready to talk hard to the end, and she will not disclose any information.

Judging by her expression now, she is probably ready to be thrown into that secret room.

But Xu Yuan was not surprised by this.

If the most important benefactor in my heart is so easy to buy, then Su Jinxuan is naturally not worthy of being one of the heroines in Cangyuan.

The room was very quiet, only the ding-dong sound of the bamboo chopsticks tapping the porcelain bowl from time to time.

After Su Jinxuan chewed and swallowed slowly, she put down the bamboo chopsticks and looked around.

Xu Yuan casually took out a black brocade handkerchief from the Sumeru Ring and threw it away:

"Give it to you, don't pay me back."


Su Jinxuan didn't answer.

The black brocade handkerchief directly and slowly fell on her thighs wrapped in translucent white silk stockings.

Xu Yuan smiled calmly and said:

"Don't worry, I haven't used it."


Hearing this, Su Jinxuan silently picked up the small black brocade handkerchief from her lap.

With a dignified expression, she was gently wiping the stains on the corners of her lips with a brocade handkerchief, when she suddenly heard:

"Ah, I got it wrong. I seem to have used this blue one before."

"..." Su Jinxuan.

Look at each other for two seconds,

Seeing the other person's chest rising and falling, Xu Yuan chuckled:

"Don't look at me like that, it's just a joke, I haven't eaten a proper meal these days."

This is the truth.

With Lingquan, which is similar to Bigu Pill, one can practice in the room for 24 hours without even needing to go to the toilet.

These days, Su Jinxuan was also fed this spiritual spring.

Su Jinxuan took the black brocade handkerchief from her red lips, put it on her lap and clenched it tightly:

"Xu Changtian, is it interesting to tease me?"

"If it's boring, why should I tease you?"


For a moment, Su Jinxuan felt an urge to rush forward and fight Xu Changtian desperately.

But her impulse has just arisen.

Xu Yuan tapped lightly on the wooden table in front of him, and said with a smile while bending his eyes:

"Of course, if it's not useful to keep you, I'm actually more inclined to kill you than to tease you."

The expression guides, forcing Wang Xu Changge.

Guiding the tone of voice, Master Zhou kills without blinking an eye.


There was a flash of panic in Su Jinxuan's eyes, but it disappeared quickly, and she sneered:

"Then you just kill me..."

"Stop talking nonsense."

Xu Yuan waved his hand impatiently: "You know I won't kill you, you have two choices now, first, send you back to the secret room and keep locked up, second..."

"I'll choose one." Su Jinxuan interrupted, scratching her neck.


The air was quiet for a moment.

Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows.

He could clearly see Su Jinxuan's body trembling slightly because of fear.

look at each other,

Then,

Xu Yuan didn't shirk with her, and nodded directly:

"it is good."

His purpose was clear from beginning to end, to extract information about that Qin Weijiu from Su Jinxuan.

If it is possible to go further, then try to use the black scale guards to find things in Jincheng to instigate against this succubus spy.

Since there is nothing to talk about now, let's close it for a while and talk again.

He was in no hurry anyway.

Getting up slowly, Xu Yuan walked up to her, and put a black satin on the wooden table:

"Since you don't even want to hear the second option, then take it with you. But I'm really curious, why do you trust that Mr. Qin so much?"


Although she had done a good job of mental construction repeatedly just now, Su Jinxuan's steady breathing gradually began to become disordered when things came to an end.

However, she still picked up the black satin and put it on for herself tremblingly, while saying in a cold voice:

"Mr. Qin's kindness to me is as great as a mountain..."

"puff..."

Xu Yuan couldn't hold back, and laughed out loud, "Your kindness is as heavy as a mountain?"

"You...what are you laughing at?"

Because of the fear of returning to despair and respect for her benefactor, Su Jinxuan lost control of her emotions.

Xu Yuan replied unhurriedly:

"Don't get excited, Mr. Qin really treats you with great kindness. After all, he killed your whole family and raised you from childhood."


Su Jinxuan was silent for a moment, then said:

"Low-level sowing dissension."

"If it's really low-level, why did you react so strongly when I first said that in the carriage?"

"Slander for no reason will make everyone angry."


After pondering for a while, Xu Yuan pulled off the black satin and looked into her eyes:

"Since it's slander, why didn't you refute me before, but chose to keep silent and lie to avoid this question?"

Su Jinxuan also stared at Xu Yuan, without giving in:

"What you said is without any actual evidence. Anyone can talk empty teeth. What's the point of refuting the inferences of castles in the air?"

"You're right, it was indeed a castle in the air."

Xu Yuan took out a secret report from the Sumeru Ring, and threw it on the table in front of Su Jinxuan:

"But not now."


Looking at the cover of the secret report, Su Jinxuan's pupils shrank slightly, her eyes hesitated, but in the end she still didn't move.

He couldn't believe it, or rather he didn't want to believe it.

The room was dark, and the sunlight outside was blocked by curtains.

A few breaths of silence,

Xu Yuan asked softly;

"Don't you take a look?"

Su Jinxuan just said in a quick and cold voice:

"Xu Changtian, you put so much effort into creating such a drama, do you think I will believe your compiled evidence?"

Xu Yuan shook his head:

"First of all, I hate that there is no evidence. The evidence has been found for you. Don't you even dare to look at it?"

Speaking of this, Xu Yuan suddenly sighed slightly:

"And Su Jinxuan, you think too much about yourself. Judging from Qin Weijiu's refusal to even teach you the practice method, you are just a pathetic tool for him, and the information you know will not involve the core at all. If you want to move Qin Weijiu, you know that information is just icing on the cake."

"Oh, right."

Xu Yuan paced lightly in the room:

"Do you want to know why Qin Weijiu refuses to teach you the exercises?"


Su Jinxuan's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, but she still stared at Xu Yuan silently.

After a pause, no one cheered, and Xu Yuan happily sang a one-man show:

"Because he didn't dare, the uncertainty of the Succubus is too great."

"Even if you deliberately restrain yourself from using the charm talent on your own people, as your cultivation level improves, the natural charm of the charm body will still affect the people around you. Qin Weijiu's own cultivation level is not affected by you, but his subordinates no."

Speaking of this, Xu Yuan smiled slightly:

"As long as one of his subordinates who knows the truth falls in love with you because of your physique, it is possible for you to know the truth of the year."

While speaking, Xu Yuan took out another precious book from the Sumeru Precepts:

"This is a classic about the succubus, you can see if what I said is true, and then decide whether to read the information that the Black Scale Guards went to Jincheng to find."

Hearing the word Jincheng, Su Jinxuan's eyes were visibly shaken.

Xu Yuan patted her shoulder lightly:

"I'll give you half an hour, and I'll come back in half an hour. If your decision is still the same, then I won't say any more."

After finishing speaking, Xu Yuan turned around and walked out of the wing room, and gently closed the door, leaving only Su Jinxuan staring at the ancient books and secret reports on the table in a daze...


		