

Xu Yuan glanced at the roll-shaped paper secret report in front of him, and was slightly surprised.

Unexpectedly, the following work efficiency,

It was not Zhou Chen who accidentally handed over this secret to him, but the steward.

He ordered Zhou Chen to do this matter, and with Zhou Chen's idle working state, he probably wouldn't miss this opportunity to be courteous first, but the fact is that this secret report was not sent by Zhou Chen.

Then there is only one reason left.

The procedures did not match, Zhou Chen had no right to intervene in the Black Scale Guard, let alone the intelligence agency of Xiangguo Mansion.

That being said, this matter is somewhat interesting.

There are many intelligence systems in the Xiangguo Mansion, and the Black Scale Guard, who was born in Ying'er, is just one of them.

Subordinates of the Tianan Chamber of Commerce, such as Goulan, restaurants, and various pawnshops and banks also have the function of collecting information.

Orders are issued from above, intelligence is collected from below, and the useless ones are eliminated through layer upon layer of filtering, while the useful ones are kept, and finally the summarized information is transmitted back in ciphertext, and the person who received these contacts turned out to be a mansion manager.

The power is greater than he imagined.

But Xu Yuan felt relieved immediately.

The influence of the manga and anime I read in my previous life is still somewhat ingrained.

It made him subconsciously feel that in an extraordinary world, the power in his hands must be equal to his own strength.

But in reality, talent in practice and management are not linked together. If a group of laymen with brains full of muscles are really allowed to manage the property, no matter how big the family business may be, it may be ruined.

This kind of power structure is quite stable for the upper class. The managers of the various industries of the family are like the eunuchs in the palace of the previous life. Without cultivation, they can only blindly depend on the main family, and there is almost no possibility of becoming big and self-reliant.

Reaching out to take the scroll of secret report, Xu Yuan was about to open it to have a look, but found that there was a thin layer of Yuan Qi fluctuations and some simple patterns flowing on it.

After carefully perceiving the patterns on the surface of the scroll, Xu Yuan's eyes became a little strange.

This is....

password?

Seeing Xu Yuan taking over, the little old man in charge immediately smiled flatteringly without any pause:

"Third Young Master, if this secret report is opened directly or violently, it will be broken automatically, and special means are required to open it."

Xu Yuan glanced at him: "Can you solve it?"

The array can still be used like this, which is interesting.

Manager Li rubbed his hands:

"You're just joking, how can the little old man know how to solve the secret pattern of the Black Scale Guard, and these secret reports are just a hand."

talking,

He glanced sideways at Ying'er who was following behind.

It seems that things like secret reports are only classified and kept by these mortal stewards, and they have access to the authority.

Presumably it should be to prevent these mortal stewards from leaking information after being fascinated.

Xu Yuan directly kept the secret and threw it to Ying'er behind;

"Untie."

Ying'er took it silently, without paying attention to Xu Yuan's mind-hunting observation, and directly untied the pattern on it, and handed it back to Xu Yuan.

When Xu Yuan took back the secret report, Yuan Qi entered his eyes, and blood glistened in his eyes. While browsing, he casually asked the little old man:

"Is the elixir of the mansion taken from you?"

He ran out of pills, and he didn't have a small green bottle, so he could only take care of Xiangguo's father's property.

"The little old man is indeed in charge of the money and medicine in the mansion." Li Guanshi rolled his eyes when he heard this, and laughed in a low voice: "It's just my lord, all the things in the warehouse are from the mansion, and the little old man doesn't care. Dare to act rashly..."

"take it easy."

Xu Yuan glanced at him, knowing that the other party felt that the third son of his was going to play against him again, and said softly:

"Soon my father's order will come down, you go and see if there is any elixir I need in the warehouse."

Hearing this, Li Guanshi couldn't deny it with an embarrassing smile:

"Okay, sir, tell me what you need."

Xu Yuan casually reported several pills he needed now.

Li Guanshi's face darkened more than half.

For these things, the fourth-grade merging body priest in the mansion can't get a few pills a year, and the three young masters count as a bottle.

He made up his mind that it would be best if Mr. Xiangguo ordered it. If there was no order, he would have to avoid these three young masters for a while.

Thinking of this, Li Guanshi's tone was still humble:

"Little old man, go get it from you, do you have anything else to say?"

While speaking, the three of them had already come out of the basement, and the sky outside was a vast expanse of blue.

Xu Yuan squinted his eyes, glanced at the nursing yard on duty outside the secret room, and asked softly after a little hesitation:

"I once arranged for someone to find someone named Qin Mo, do you know about this?"


Hearing this, Li Guanshi's eyes twitched.

Because of this matter, Xue Yong, a genius with a peak iron body, was killed. Does he, who is in charge, not know?

After a second of silence, Li Guanshi said cautiously:

"Know."

"Is there any progress?"

"..Have."

Answer in the affirmative, but the tone is a little weak.

Knowing this in his heart, Xu Yuan sighed slightly:

"You have done it?"

He remembered that the original order was only to monitor and track.

Li Guanshi gently explained:

"The man was quite vigilant. When he found out that he was being followed, he wanted to escape. Our people had no choice but to do it."

"The result of your actions is to let him escape?"

"...Yes." Li Guanshi observed Xu Yuan's expression.

But Xu Yuan had no expression on his face, and his tone remained flat:

"Tell me about the process carefully."

Li Guanshi slightly considered his words and said softly:

"After you gave the order, the little old man immediately started to arrange it when he learned about it. We found this person in the east of the city during the few days when you were retreating, but this person was quite difficult. Several people who found him at the time The nursing home is not his opponent at all, and when the rest of the mansion arrived, this person had already disappeared."

"There's no news after that?" Xu Yuan's voice was gentle and gentle.

"Once..." Li Guanshi said bravely.

"Tell me."

"We tracked down this person in Changhong Valley, more than 20 miles away from the west city, but...but he is very strong, but he has an eighth-rank pulse tempering cultivation, and two seventh-rank bone tempering powerhouses lead the team. opponent."

"Total destruction?"

"Escape back one."

"..." Xu Yuan.

After being quiet for a second, Xu Yuan looked at Guanshi Li and asked in a very puzzled voice:

"Why don't you send more rank-6s? I remember that among my guards, there are quite a few peak rank-6s, and there should be rank-5 Soul Condensation Realm in the mansion."

Hearing this question, Li Guanshi twitched his cheeks, and explained in a low voice:

"Third Young Master, although the monthly salary of the entire Jingjiang mansion is distributed by the little old man, the little old man has no right to directly call the nursing homes above the bone training level, and your guards cannot be too far away from you according to the rules.

"Moreover...and who would have known that this beast could kill people by leapfrogging?"

Speaking of this, Li Guanshi paused and coughed lightly:

"But don't worry, my lord, there is only one exit from Changhong Valley. I have reported this matter to the General Mansion, and after obtaining approval, I have dispatched three strong men in the iron body to wait for him outside the valley entrance."


		