

question:

This seductive and pure-eyed gentleman in front of him is really going to commit suicide, will Xu Yuan stop him?

three,

two,

one.

The answer is no.

As a man with normal senses, Xu Yuan would probably feel sorry for such an alluring woman dying in front of his eyes, but he would never stop him.

Before entering the bamboo garden, he already knew the identity of Su Jinxuan, so he naturally made corresponding psychological expectations.

If this pure gentleman who came here for himself wanted to commit suicide, he would most likely watch the show with a smile.

Seeing her acting skills over there, seeing her cute and pitiful, seeing her stubborn and helpless, watching her embarrass herself in acting herself.

As a person who has been in close contact with death countless times, Xu Yuan does not believe that under certain circumstances, Su Jinxuan would simply kill herself.

But the reality now is that all of Xu Yuan's psychological expectations have become a joke.

He couldn't walk when he saw this woman.

If it wasn't for entering the bamboo garden, Xu Yuan would have had a clear policy in mind.

Maybe the moment the other party mentioned "temperament", he would follow the other party's words.

But even though he knew what he was going to do in advance, Xu Yuan was still affected by the emotions in his heart when he acted.

Distressed, worried about gains and losses, and finally shot to block.

This was abnormal, but Xu Yuan couldn't see it at that time.

It wasn't until the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art started to operate that Xu Yuan suddenly realized his strangeness.

My emotions are being teased by that woman.

After careful perception, Xu Yuan was shocked.

On the surface of my mind and soul, there are some floating particles attached.

The appearance of these particles did not cause any discomfort, they were not dense, and scattered all over.

Under conscious active perception, Xu Yuan noticed that these floating particles were actually moving.

They are desperately drilling into his mind and soul.

But this drilling didn't make Xu Yuan feel any discomfort.

On the contrary, the certain aura emitted by these floating particles even made Xu Yuan feel a little comfortable.

It's a pity that even if Xu Yuan was unprepared, the degree of condensed innate soul body would make it impossible for these invisible particles to penetrate for a while.

Su Jinxuan in front of her obviously didn't have any cultivation, otherwise Zhou Chen wouldn't have wished him prosperity in martial arts before leaving.

In addition to Yuan Qi's cultivation, this world actually has such a weird attack method?

Realizing this, Xu Yuan wanted to shake people when he opened his mouth.

heads-up?

nonexistent.

I have bodyguards.

But just now when he opened his mouth, Xu Yuan found himself speechless.

"..." Xu Yuan.

He sensed that the granular things attached to the surface of his mind and soul suddenly began to undulate according to a certain law.

With the ups and downs of these things, Xu Yuan found that he was gradually losing control over his body.

It's normal to be able to see, hear, and feel nothing, but even if you can't speak or move, you can only stand there quietly.

Su Jinxuan lowered her eyes and pursed her lips lightly, her peach eyes glowed with a coquettish light, she gently pressed her red and swollen wrist, and said with grievance:

"Third Young Master, this is..."

As soon as her words came out, the ups and downs of those granular things began to become intense in an instant.

The next moment, Xu Yuan's body moved uncontrollably. With a slight smile, he raised his hand to interrupt:

"Hey...Jinxuan."

While speaking, Xu Yuan's body walked towards Jinxuan:

"Actually, I don't want to treat you like I did just now. I'm not afraid that Jinxuan will commit suicide if you really miss it. I hope you don't blame me."


Su Jinxuan was silent for a moment, then slowly raised her eyes to look at Xu Yuan.

The sun shines on Su Jinxuan's charming face through the window lattice, half shadow, half sunshine.

Between the intertwined eyes, Xu Yuan faintly saw bursts of peach blossoms in the woman's eyes...

While the mind was confused, an unknown number of floating particles landed on the surface of Xu Yuan's soul.

Her tone contained a hint of pleading:

"Third son, you have a noble status, how dare Jinxuan blame you, I just ask you not to force Jinxuan to do things she doesn't want to do."

"force?"

Following the conversation, Xu Yuan sat back on the futon again, and chuckled lightly:

"It depends on your own performance, if it can interest me, I can play with you for a while longer.

"Hehe, this tea is too weak, come and serve me some wine."



The things discussed between the two were also obtained directly from Xu Yuan just now, and gradually became the normal teasing between the young master and the nobles.

Drink to each other, listen to music, talk about temperament and some anecdotes.

The strange scene of the body talking and acting by itself made Xu Yuan feel a little flustered.

However, this panic was quickly replaced by the habitual calmness in situations.

The situation in front of me couldn't be more obvious.

This Su Jinxuan is stalling for time.

She needs enough time for those strange floating particles to penetrate into his mind and soul.

As for the consequences of letting this thing get in...

Xu Yuan thought of Yuan Shen's crazy performance in the plot.

Matt, don't be a god, right?

This kind of consciousness control is too weird, and the inexperienced Xu Yuan couldn't find any countermeasures for a while.

As time passed, Xu Yuan could feel that the surface of his mind and soul had been densely covered with those weird floating particles.

It's just that helplessness and the tenacity of the innate soul and body, these things have never been able to get into his mind and soul.

A sense of powerlessness gradually came to my mind.

The feeling of being clueless and the floating particles of perception made Xu Yuan's thoughts gradually become disordered.

Traveling so far, Xu Yuan felt that he was cautious enough, but the reality gave him a resounding slap in the face.

He is not cautious, but arrogant.

Knowing that there was something wrong with Su Jinxuan, he still chose to come alone.

But the reason for doing so was only because of the God's perspective he once had, which made him feel that he could control this charming and charming woman by himself.

So stupid.

Stupid arrogance.

Regret was useless, forcibly restraining his thoughts, Xu Yuan began to search for things that could be used in his memory bit by bit from the beginning to the end.

Now that Ying'er has not intervened, it is obvious that he failed to perceive the danger he encountered.

Now he must save himself.

As his thoughts continued, Xu Yuan still found nothing in the end.

The Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art is complicated and mysterious, but it is all about the recorded method of using the source qi, but about the soul of the mind, there are only basic perceptions and the use of gathering the source qi.

Even though the efficiency of using this kind of perception and gathering Yuan Qi far exceeds that of ordinary exercises, it is of no help to the current situation.

Some helpless, but more despair.

This Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art can simultaneously create an innate body and an innate soul body, but the latter is only used to serve the former's cultivation speed?

When I was practicing, I thought it was reasonable, after all, the cultivation base of Yuan Qi determines everything.

But in this world, there seems to be a power system other than Yuan Qi cultivation.

Looking at it this way, the blood-colored skill cheats are too scientific...

and many more.

Cheats?

Xu Yuan's thoughts paused slightly.

Afterwards, it suddenly occurred to him that apart from the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Jue, there was also an unnamed cheat book in the Sumeru Ring.

Xu Yuan didn't know how many times he read these two cheat books together when he first came to Dongfu to study.

It's just because people's energy is limited, Xu Yuan put all his energy into the cultivation of Yuan Qi, and then let it go.

It's like finding a ray of light for someone who is addicted to darkness.

Xu Yuan's mind suddenly lifted, and he began to recall the things recorded in the unknown secret book.

As memories emerged bit by bit, Xu Yuan realized that this was indeed a secret book for cultivating the mind and soul.

And it's an attack type.

The attack method is very simple, and it can be described in two words: devour.

In addition to the regular tempering of the mind and soul, it can also allow the practitioner to directly strengthen himself by devouring other people's mind and soul.

Ordinary practitioners dare not do this, there is a high probability that they will go mad because of the rejection between mind and soul, but the innate soul and body are not afraid.

It perfectly fits the innate characteristics of condensed soul, body, mind and soul.

Thinking of this, Xu Yuan's mind relaxed slightly.

Without the slightest pause, he immediately began to indulge in studying the cultivation logic and methods of this cheat book.

Practice has no years.

After an unknown amount of time, Xu Yuan turned his mind from the sea of ​​consciousness to the outside world again.

The stars moved, the sun disappeared, the full moon hung high in the sky, and the bright moonlight sprinkled into the room along the bamboo forest, while his body was still talking to Su Jinxuan.

The tense atmosphere during the daytime was gone from the two of them, Yan Yanjian was talking and laughing, his eyebrows and eyes seemed to be expressing affection.

The sandalwood was blurred, and Su Jinxuan's self-directed and self-acted topic finally came to an end.

A little blush after drinking made Su Jinxuan's face even more charming. With a smile on her lips, she glanced sideways at the moonlight outside, and said tactfully:

"Third Young Master, it's getting late."

Xu Yuan's body laughed when he heard the words, and raised his hand to grab her wrist:

"It's really getting late, Jinxuan, a spring night is worth a thousand gold."

Su Jinxuan's complexion froze just right, and she let him pull her, and said in a low voice:

"Third Young Master, you... didn't you agree that you would not force Jinxuan?"


The body was silent for a moment, then sighed slightly:

"Okay... according to you, I won't touch you tonight, but you have to let me live with you."

"But..." Su Jinxuan wanted to say something else.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan frowned immediately.

Su Jinxuan seemed to nod her head helplessly:

"Well...Jinxuan now believes that the third son is a human being, but he has to sleep with his clothes on..."

"...Okay~ Jinxuan will follow your words."


Listening to the conversation between the two, Xu Yuan couldn't hold back a little.

Just rub it, right?

Self-directed and acted, it's a pity that this woman doesn't become a screenwriter and a picture book.

However, this conversation let Xu Yuan know that his current state cannot withstand scrutiny, and there is a high probability that he cannot be too far away from Su Jinxuan.

Otherwise, it would be impossible for the other party to let him stay overnight.

After saying that, Su Jinxuan called a maid to bring a copper basin for them to wash.

A light in the bamboo grove was extinguished, and only the moonlight lightly poured into the room through the window lattice.

Pulling back the bed curtain, the two of them went to bed with their clothes on. Feeling the softness of the bed, Xu Yuan sniffed the soft fragrance of the woman's body, and his vision fell into darkness.

But after a few breaths, his body suddenly moved, and he turned sideways and gently hugged the boneless delicate body of the woman beside him.

two seconds of silence,

Her voice trembled a little:

"Three...Third Young Master."

Xu Yuan replied softly:

"sleep."


Heh, this woman is quite thoughtful and knows how to do all kinds of tricks.

Thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan restrained his mind.

The nameless exercise gradually began to operate in the silent darkness...


		