

Except for the quietly burning sandalwood, the study room is quiet.

Thinking carefully in his mind, Xu Changge shook his head slightly.

Although it was for women again, this long day finally made people feel relieved.

The original enemy is dark and we are clear, but because of the third brother, he has become the current enemy.

If he did not startle the enemy, if he went to Jingjiang mansion quietly at this time, he might be able to catch the other party by surprise.

Thinking about it, Xu Changge nodded slightly:

"Okay, I will leave for Jingjiang Mansion today."

Xu Yinhe didn't speak any more, and slowly got up and walked to the window lattice of the study, and looked out along the window sill.

Dayan Emperor Capital was built on the Seven Dragon Mountain, but after thousands of years of construction and transformation, the huge mountain has become a majestic giant city.

The city streets, eaves and houses spread from the foot of the mountain to the imperial city on the top of the mountain. Three towering city walls, the outer city, the inner city, and the imperial city, divide the huge imperial capital.

Xiangguo's mansion is close to the imperial city on the top of the hill, overlooking the city from a high position, and the rows of residences in the imperial capital can't be seen at a glance.

After watching quietly for a moment, Xu Yinhe still asked aloud:

"Chang Ge, if you can't do something, you can take Chang Tian back to the capital to make a long-term plan, don't force it."

Hearing the entrustment, Xu Changge smiled slightly and replied:

"Father, don't worry, I was able to seriously injure Qin Weijiu with a sword back then, so it's the same now."

Over the years, Qin Weijiu may have had a chance, but this will not hinder his actions.

You may be stronger, but what does that have to do with me being able to kill you?

This is the confidence in the heart of Xu Changge, who is the best in the world.

Xu Yinhe looked back and took a deep look at his eldest son, without smiling:

"Chang Ge, this world is very big."

"Chang Ge naturally knows."

"Humph."

Xu Yinhe snorted slightly dissatisfied, but he didn't try to dissuade him, he just explained plainly:

"If you find that kid named Qin Mo on the way, remember to deal with him personally."

Xu Changge raised his eyes slightly, with a hint of surprise in his eyes.

This Qin Mo has only reached the eighth rank Tempering Vein in his late years, so why does his father need to specially order this kind of waste?

look at each other for a second,

Xu Yinhe explained softly:

"Most of this Qin Mo was raised by those evils together. There are several Yuanchus in the burial village. It is not normal for Qin Mo to cultivate at such an age. Maybe he cultivated a secret method that has been accumulated for a long time. When he grows up, he may cause some problems. trouble."

paused,

Xu Yinhe's eyes were somewhat meaningful:

"And he may be holding a secret treasure from the burial village in his hand."

Treasure?

Xu Changge raised his eyebrows.

"Soul Cultivation Ring."

Xu Yinhe uttered three words, and explained: "When the burial village was destroyed, I searched all over the mountains and forests but couldn't find it. Maybe the soul-cultivating ring is in the hands of Qin Mo."

"Soul Cultivation Ring?"

Xu Changge looked puzzled, his father had never mentioned this thing to him.

As for his eldest son, Xu Yinhe didn't mean to be a riddler to hide it, and explained directly:

"This ring can be used to nourish the soul. If the ancient book is correct, this thing should be entrusted with the mind and soul of a saint."

"Saint?" Xu Changge frowned even tighter.

Speaking of the word "sage", Xu Yinhe's tone was not very serious, and there was even a hint of contempt in his eyes:

"Changge, you don't have to worry too much. A saint is no match for the years, let alone just with a remnant soul."

"Besides, he is a saint, and he has been hiding in the soul-cultivating ring until now, but he is just a wild dog who is greedy for life and afraid of death."

"You do your best, killing him is easy."

"Okay, let's go down."

finished speaking,

Xu Yinhe turned his back.

Seeing this, Xu Changge stood up and bowed, turned around and walked out of the study.

He opened the door and was about to leave in a flash.

"correct."


Xu Changge paused, and immediately turned around to look.

"Before you leave, remember to go to the mansion to get some pills and take them there." Xu Yinhe's voice was flat.


Xu Changge was taken aback when he heard the words, then bowed and smiled lightly:

"Yes, father."



The huge basement was empty, only the spherical crystal of the communication exuded true white light.

Xu Yuan has been here alone for several minutes.

There is no call reminder for this thing, and I don't know if the other party is connected or not.

But the other side didn't speak, Xu Yuan was also happy to take it easy, and gently probed the cumbersome communication pattern under the spherical crystal with his soul.

He has always had a great desire to explore new things.

I want to see how this formation can achieve ultra-long-distance communication, but after a long time of tinkering, I am only confused by those cumbersome formation patterns.

The operation logic is completely impenetrable.

The desire to explore was exhausted, and he didn't intend to continue to delve into it, so he directly took his soul back into the sea of ​​consciousness.

Don't ask how to achieve communication.

Asking is the source of energy, and asking is the formation.

But when it comes to formations, Xu Yuan has some information that he saw in Zangshu Pavilion earlier in his mind.

The formations in this world are not only used for attacking and assisting cultivation, but also have penetrated into all aspects of Li Ming's people's lives.

The imperial court even set up a special institution to study civilian formations.

Mingwen lamps on the street to illuminate the night market,

A sound-blocking array engraved at home to isolate sound,

The torch array that can gather heat for heating in winter,

There are even special shock-absorbing curing instruments on some high-end carriages.

With this thing, no matter how hard the inside of the carriage shakes, it will be as stable as before, stronger than a bed, hehe...

"Third son."

In the quiet secret room, a soft call from behind suddenly startled Xu Yuan who was thinking about business.

Looking back.

Yep, it's Shadow again.

Next to him was a little old man with half gray hair.

The steward of the Jingjiang mansion.

His cultivation base is not high, he has just entered the rank, not even the ninth rank, but the other party has a lot of power in Jingjiang Mansion, because he is a good hand in management and a standard management talent.

Xu Yuan took a deep breath and said to Ying'er:

"Remember to make a noise next time you appear, don't be like a ghost."

"Oh."

Ying'er lowered her eyes and nodded, she didn't know if she heard it, but said calmly:

"Xiangguo's communication has been cut off, do you have anything else to say to Xiangguo?"

Sure enough, they hung up the communication again without saying a word.

Xu Yuan didn't speak, he turned around and walked towards the ground.

His purpose has been achieved.

Introducing the protagonist of the plot and Qin Weijiu who is hiding in the dark into the vision of the boss's father, the other party's personality will definitely attract attention.

Then the next thing has nothing to do with him.

As soon as he turned around, the half-gray-haired steward followed immediately, with a humble and flattering tone:

"Third Young Master, Third Young Master..."

Xu Yuan glanced sideways at the half-white haired steward.

The strength is low, but the power is heavy.

A typical lowly position, this little old man has always been able to recognize his position in memory.

"What does Guanshi Li want from me?"

The flattery in Li Guanshi's voice is still:

"Hey, third son, you ordered earlier that all the internal references from the past ten days have been sent to your wing."

"Yes, I see." Xu Yuan nodded.

But the little old man didn't seem to want to stop, and approached mysteriously, and took out a scroll from his sleeve robe:

"Third Young Master, this is a secret report from Jincheng, Jiangnan Prefecture, the day before yesterday. Please read it."


		