

A little surprised, but not much.

Xu Yuan knew that of course he couldn't beat the protagonist of the plot in his current strength, but he didn't expect Su Jinxuan to conclude that he would still be killed in seconds.

But after thinking about it, I was relieved.

If the protagonist of the world can really be caught up by him within a month, then in the follow-up plot, there will not be so many princes from aristocratic families who claim to be invincible at the same level.

Seeing Xu Yuan's expression, Su Jinxuan asked softly:

"You don't seem surprised?"

Xu Yuan shook his head, but he didn't show any dissatisfaction, he was very bachelor:

"Qin Mo killed two of my family's seventh-rank bone cultivators. It's normal to be able to kill me instantly in a life-and-death battle."

Su Jinxuan took a deep look at Xu Yuan, as if she wanted to ask something, but in the end she just whispered:

"When I parted from him, he had just been in and out of the eighth rank."

Xu Yuan finally frowned when he heard this:

"You mean, he at that time could instantly kill me now?"

You know, three or four months have passed since Qin Mo and Su Jinxuan parted ways.

"Um."

"why?"

Su Jinxuan glanced at the wetland lake next to her, and thought for a while: "You can't deal with one of his ultimate moves."

Xu Yuan frowned.

At the eighth-rank stage, does this Qin Mo have a big move?

He recalled the various skills in the old man's route in his mind, but found nothing.

"What killer move?"

Su Jinxuan's beautiful eyes reveal a hint of memory, and she considers her words:

"It should be considered a sword skill..."

"Sword skills?"

Xu Yuan frowned even tighter.

The skills practiced by the protagonist of the old grandfather's world line, at the eighth-rank stage, there is only one ordinary sword skill called Gang Qi Slash.

Su Jinxuan glanced sideways at Xu Yuan's eyes, and raised her two jade hands:

"like this."

As he spoke, he raised an index finger in one hand, and the other hand chopped like an index finger.


Seeing the two flawless jade hands swinging back and forth in the air, Xu Yuan's cheeks twitched slightly.

Which low-level sword skill doesn't cut people like this?

Su Jinxuan's expression remained unchanged, and she said:

"He's quick when he's going forward."

Xu Yuan nodded, not surprised.

Step forward and chop, a small displacement skill.

Su Jinxuan gestured with her hand, and her slashing hand suddenly accelerated:

"It's so fast that I can't see it clearly with my naked eyes, and I can pass more than ten meters in an instant."

Xu Yuan was taken aback when he heard the words, and then his eyes became slightly dignified.

The only person whose speed is so fast that people can't see clearly is the Grand Master.

If Su Jinxuan didn't lie, how could this Qin Mo be able to make people unable to see his speed clearly?

"real?"

Su Jinxuan looked very seriously:

"Now I won't lie to you."

"Can you be more specific?" Xu Yuan asked.

"Hmm..." Su Jinxuan's small face showed a flash of memory, "His speed in the opening and landing gestures is a normal eighth-level cultivation, but there seems to be a distance in between that seems to have disappeared... umm , I know this is a bit strange, but it feels like that to me."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Hearing this description, a burst of malice from the world gradually enveloped Xu Yuan.

He suddenly understood how Qin Mo's killer move came about.

This move,

He used to be too familiar.

J+W+R, and then press the right step to cut forward.

The short displacement of the original stepping forward slash can be stuck into a long displacement rush.

A bug caused by a game mechanism.

It is very practical, and there will be a momentary invincible frame when rushing.

One of the necessary skills to beat those bosses by leapfrogging.

but,

tamad,

Invincible frames can also be stuck in the real world, right?

Thinking of this,

Xu Yuan suddenly raised his hand and rubbed the center of his eyebrows vigorously.

Turning the game into reality, it is naturally no longer possible for Qin Mo to use this trick in the form of a card bug.

This kind of invincible move was probably learned by him in some form of leapfrog epiphany.

It should be regarded as a secret method.

Exhaling a long breath, Xu Yuan strengthened his mind even more.

Wait for Xu Changge to come,

Just take this big brother to slaughter that Qin Mo.

This son must not stay!

silence for a few breaths,

Xu Yuan looked sideways at Su Jinxuan, with a hint of gratitude in his voice:

"I see."

Su Jinxuan was taken aback for a moment, and hesitated a little: "Did you believe it?"

When she reported this unreasonable thing to Qin Weijiu, the other party just smiled disapprovingly.

Xu Yuan glanced at her: "Do you have a reason to lie to me?"

"No." Su Jinxuan shook her head.

"Then why don't I believe it?"


Su Jinxuan was silent for two seconds, with a smile on her lips:

"His move seems to have disadvantages. Every time he used it, he would be weak for a period of time."

Xu Yuan knew it well, and speculated that this was probably the price.

According to the conservation of energy... Cough, according to common sense, it would be too unreasonable if this kind of powerful moves that could only be used by relying on the card game mechanism in the previous life were costless.

paused,

Xu Yuan said softly: "Apart from this trick, is there anything else Qin Mo needs to pay attention to?"

Su Jinxuan didn't even want to sell the protagonist of this plot:

"Qin Mo's regular strength is also very strong. Although he was in and out of the eighth rank at that time, the ordinary eighth rank warriors were no longer his opponents at all. He has mastered all kinds of martial arts. The guards in your mansion can't compete with him at all. He compares."

Xu Yuan was a little surprised: "You also know the martial arts of martial arts?"

Su Jinxuan replied softly:

"When I was in Jiangnan, seeing that I had nothing to do every day, Qin Weijiu entrusted me to take care of some mundane affairs of Tianyuzong."


After hearing this, Xu Yuan suddenly thought of another thing.

After reading those ledgers, Su Jinxuan became a complete "anti-Qin fighter". When testing her with some plot information from her previous life, she knew everything and told the truth.

Xu Yuan was actually wondering why Su Jinxuan was so resolute after reading those ledgers, and no longer had any illusions about Qin Weijiu.

Only now did he react.

Taking care of mundane industries...

It is estimated that some of the contents of the account books of the Konghua Chamber of Commerce and the things in Su Jinxuan's memory match up.

The ledgers that were torn up probably suffered from this indiscriminate disaster.

Laughing twice, Xu Yuan asked softly:

"Is there Tianyuzong's martial arts gym in the property you take care of?"

Su Jinxuan nodded, and a complex indifference flashed across her beautiful eyes:

"Well, although Qin Weijiu didn't give me any exercises, the methods of tempering the body and various martial arts in the martial arts gym did not shy away from me."

Xu Yuan was silent for two seconds and asked:

"Then you haven't thought about practicing?"


Su Jinxuan narrowed her beautiful eyes slightly, and took a deep look at Xu Yuan:

"I'm a martial artist?"


Subconsciously, I thought of the explosively beautiful muscles of the female nurses in Wuxuanyuan, and glanced at Miss Succubus beside me.

Xu Yuan coughed lightly:

"You are really not suitable for practicing this thing."

The pectoral muscles are already big enough and don't need to be trained.

Seeing his eyes, Su Jinxuan shook her head and asked:

"By the way, why do you care so much about Qin Mo?"

"Aren't you saying I'm a taster?" Xu Yuan replied ambiguously.


Su Jinxuan gave Xu Yuan a helpless look, she was sensible and didn't ask any further questions, and said directly:

"Okay, then I'll treat you as a taster.

"But if you really care about him so much, you will be able to see him soon."

Xu Yuan frowned:

"What's the meaning?"

Su Jinxuan took out a secret letter from Su Yi's cuff, with a hint of sarcasm in her tone:

"Qin Weijiu sent me a message today that Qin Mo had come out of Changhong Valley, saying that Qin Mo seemed to want to save me, and asked me to try my best to encourage you to go out of the city and kill him."


		