

Xu Yuan may not know much about other cultivation knowledge, but he does know a thing or two about meridians.

Because the meridian system is a very important setting in "Cangyuan".

A setting that will directly reflect on the player's experience bar.

The more meridians a character has unblocked, the less experience is required to level up.

In the game, the experience required for each level up is about 20 times different between a character with one hundred and twenty-seven meridians and a character with none.

Using data to convert, from Level 1 to Level 2, if a person with all meridians needs five points of experience, then a person with all meridians blocked needs 100 points.

Therefore, once the one hundred and twenty-seven meridians in a character's body are naturally connected, they will be given a special title - Innate Body.

But probably the official of "Cang Yuan" wanted to take care of some players who like to abuse themselves.

Even if you choose the congenital waste body at the beginning, the player can accumulate the source qi in the body through practice, and then use the source qi to open up these blocked meridians little by little through the exercise method to increase the speed of cultivation.

It's just that this progress will be very slow.

From one block to one hundred and twenty-seven, it is necessary for the character to practice all the way to the state of "Qi Da Yuan Chu", and the experience required to upgrade the natural waste body can be equal to the innate body.

And this "Blood Yuan Heart Falling Jue" in front of me can actually ignore all kinds of restrictions such as the meridians in the body and the source of energy, and penetrate all the one hundred and twenty-seven meridians at the beginning of the person's cultivation!

And more importantly, penetrating one hundred and twenty-seven meridians is only one of the functions of this blood element falling heart formula.

The body and soul are extremely solid.

This description made Xu Yuan think of another physique that was as famous as the innate body.

Innate Soul Body.....

Thinking so far, Xu Yuan suddenly felt a little dry.

He remembered that in the settings,

If a character has both an innate body and an innate soul body,

Then, his special title will become the Innate Dao Body.

Once in the game, Xu Yuan didn't really care about such things as talent and physique.

As a master, he has always challenged the difficulty of masochism.

What you want is a waste start, what you want is almost the limit of resource utilization, and what you want is the thrill of clearing the boss battle with a trace of blood.

Of course, this is in the game.

In reality, the lower the difficulty, the better.

And this exercise in front of him can allow him to acquire an innate Taoist body......

Ha ha.

Should he now say that this Blood Origin Heart Falling Art is worthy of being the only three blood-red top skills in "Cang Yuan"?

Xu Yuan licked his lips, his black pupils flickered in the faint light of Ye Mingzhu.

The innate Taoism in "Cangyuan" is not as evil as those in the prehistoric cultivators.

It doesn't have the affinity of heaven, nor can it directly see and use the power of rules, and it can't even practice the most basic jumping exercises.

In essence, this kind of physique is just faster than ordinary people on the way of cultivation.

Well, a few million.

But that's also perfectly adequate.

long silence,

Xu Yuan gradually calmed down from the power of this exercise.

Live to die.

The follow-up effects of this Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art are really tempting, but as long as you think about it with your head, the word "toward death" before the entry is not easy to write.

All opportunities coexist with danger. With such a great opportunity, how much risk does he need to take?

This Blood Origin Heart Falling Art has been clearly written.

To practice it, one needs to use strong willpower to keep awake and run the exercises in the dying stage.

But can a person really stay awake when he is on the verge of death?

Xu Yuan recalled when he first came to this world, the sense of dying in the cave due to hypothermia and blurred consciousness.

In that state, thinking is like falling into a quagmire, and the continuous coldness makes it impossible to even think about a simple thing, let alone perform exercises.

What's more, according to the record in the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art, this kind of near-death link has been repeated countless times.

This, should barely be regarded as a narrow escape, right?

Xu Yuan's eyes lowered slightly, and the thoughts in his heart were like a basin of cold water being poured down.

He is indeed a person who likes excitement and adventure, but this does not mean that he is not afraid of death.

After suddenly traveling to this world, most of the time he has no choice.

Whether it was to talk to Ran Qingmo enduring his fear at the beginning, or to jump off the cliff into the abyss with Ran Qingmo in his arms, it was because he had no choice.

If you don't choose, you will die without life.

But now that it is safe, let him, a person who is used to living in peaceful times, just put his head on his belt to practice this kind of kung fu that will die at any time?

A feeling called hesitation gradually spread in Xu Yuan's heart...

and many more!

While hesitating, Xu Yuan's breathing suddenly stagnated.

He suddenly realized that the current self still seemed to have no choice.

Because there were no bones, it was impossible for the original father to give up.

Unless, he, Xu Yuan, can live until the day when the "protagonist" kills the original father.

Otherwise, even after getting out of this cave, even if Ran Qingmo can take him to escape to heaven for a while, Xu Yuan doesn't think he can disappear under the pursuit of a group of "superhumans" who can lock energy with their mind and soul.

not to mention,

Xu Yuan didn't know which plot world line the "protagonist" of this world was following.

There are twenty-five world lines in "Cangyuan". If the other party takes a certain line that does not conflict with the original father, then he will face a lifetime of investigation.

Moreover, even if the protagonist of the plot took the route of being hostile to the original father, when everything became a reality, Xu Yuan had no idea whether the plot killings that happened in the game would happen.

After all, the case of Ji Qingyue has just happened before her eyes.

A heroine who was so beautiful and important in the plot was killed by the big Bingtuozi surnamed Ran by his side.

The halo of the former protagonist,

Will it really exist?


silence.

Xu Yuan's clenched fists were slowly released, he got up, and stood in front of the woman who was huddled in the corner.

She was still in the same tattered black dress.

be quiet for a moment,

"What is it?"

Her clear voice resounded from the cave where needles could be heard.

Xu Yuan lowered his eyes:

"I want you to do me a favor."

Ran Qingmo slowly opened his eyes and looked at him:

"You... want to use that favor?"

Xu Yuan's expression didn't change at all:

"I want you to teach me some basic knowledge about cultivation. I just found out that I have forgotten many things, such as absorbing energy into the body, and the source of mind and soul."


In the dim environment, her quiet and beautiful eyes flickered, with some doubts.

Ran Qingmo didn't understand why a strong person who had reached the origin of Qi would forget even the most basic knowledge of cultivation. Isn't this kind of thing already turned into an instinct engraved in the soul?

However, Ran Qingmo did not refuse, and said very seriously:

"For this, I don't need to be human, I can teach you."

Xu Yuan slowly sat opposite Ran Qingmo, and said softly:

"Start now, okay?"

Ran Qingmo closed her eyes and thought for a moment, as if she really felt the state of her body.

Opening her eyes again, she nodded slightly:

"it is good."

paused,

Ran Qingmo looked at Xu Yuan's robe with quiet eyes:

"Take off your clothes."


		