

At noon the next day, after nearly a day of tireless galloping by the white tiger, he finally arrived at the destination with Xu Yuan on his back.

After letting the white tiger go, Xu Yuan stood alone on the top of the side peak, in front of him was a cliff as deep as ten feet deep.

Taking a step forward, Xu Yuan tried to take a look down the cliff.

As far as the eyes can see, there is an endless abyss wrapped in clouds and mist.

Suddenly, the clouds and mist on the top of the mountain billowed, and a gust of wind suddenly struck, making Xu Yuan's splendid robes around him rattle, and his figure swayed suddenly.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan calmly retreated to the inside of the peak of Xuantian Cliff.

In the game of "Cangyuan", he could control the character to jump down the cliff without hesitation, but now it's fine.

Withdrawing his gaze, Xu Yuan looked towards the main peak of Tianmen Mountain.

Looking at the other from this point is thousands of feet away.

Outside the majestic walls of the main peak, there is a fairy mist.

From the bottom to the top, the clouds and mist suddenly broke through.

A huge circular gap of hundreds of feet on the mammoth mountain is like a gate to the sky!

Looking at the huge Tianmen, for some reason, apart from being shocked, Xu Yuan felt an inexplicable discomfort in his heart.

It wasn't until he moved his gaze away that the discomfort slowly dissipated.

Out of novelty, Xu Yuan looked towards Tiantian Gate again.

Soon, the discomfort that had dissipated just now gradually began to creep up in my heart.

"What is this? Why does it feel like staring at that heavenly gate?"

Xu Yuan noticed something strange in his body, and hastily withdrew his gaze. With some surprise in his heart, the description of Tianmen Mountain in the formula book flashed through his mind.

Subconsciously raised his eyes and looked again, Xu Yuan's expression showed a hint of doubtful astonishment:

"Is this sword intent? Could it be that the Tianmen on the top of the mountain was really pierced by a sword?"

Xu Yuan suddenly felt that he still knew little about the world in Cangyuan.

Limited to the expressive power of the 2.5D pixel style of the game "Cangyuan", he has no idea how strong this world's top powerhouse can be.

The shock of someone piercing hundreds of meters of mountains with a single sword in this world made Xu Yuan think of many things in an instant.

Compared with the orthodox cultivating immortals, in Xu Yuan's perception, this world should be more suitable for Xian Xia.

There are sects, martial arts, and temples here.

Could it be that there is really someone in this world who can frighten nineteen states with a single sword?

But if someone really can be so strong, then wouldn't the Northern Army God who is at odds with the original father in the Great Yan Dynasty Hall become a joke?

No matter how ecstatic you are with soldiers, you can't resist a sword swung by a super strong man. How majestic is this kind of military god?

In a daze, the surrounding clouds and mist rolled rapidly.

When Xu Yuan came back to his senses, he suddenly realized that the tip of his nose was wet.

Raising his hand to wipe it, the bright red in his palm made him realize that he had a nosebleed because of looking directly at the gate of heaven.

Hastily turned around, no longer look.

But this turn of the head just made Xu Yuan see the fish-belly white gradually rising in the east...

The clouds and mists dissipated, and the sunrise on the top of the mountain was beautiful. The 100,000 mountains were in full view, and the forest sea was dyed blood red.

Xu Yuan was taken aback by the sight in front of him.

what's the situation?

He was in a daze just now, why did it suddenly go from noon to dawn?

Because of taking Yanling Liquid, he didn't feel hungry, but the soreness caused by standing for a long time recovered in his body little by little.

Something beyond comprehension happened to him, Xu Yuan tried to find out the reason, but after thinking for a while, he suddenly realized that now is not the time to think about it.

His most urgent task is to join Ran Qingmo.

Now that it's been so long, where's that big Bingtuozi?

It only took half a day for the white tiger to climb to the top from the mountainside. It has been at least a day and a half now, and Ran Qingmo hasn't arrived yet?

While thinking, Xu Yuan's heart sank little by little.

The best situation for the current situation is that Ran Qingmo, in order to ensure safety, took the initiative to lure the other party away and has not been able to get rid of it yet.

And worst of all...

Ran Qingmo's strength is unquestionable, but at this point in the plot, there are still many people who are stronger than her in this world.

Xu Yuan quickly stopped his thoughts, not allowing himself to think wildly.

He is very clear about the situation he is in now.

If Ran Qingmo died on the road, unless he could use up to 3 points of fortune betting his life to jump off the cliff and successfully enter the cave, he could also declare his death directly.

Staying beside this hanging sky cliff, no matter the person who came to the door first was the one who wanted to kill him, or the subordinate of the original father, he would surely die.

The emergence of "rejection" directly blocked many of Xu Yuan's retreats.

The means by which he crossed over to occupy the magpie's nest was not a perfect soul wear higher than the rules of this world, but a rebirth under the rules of this world.

Although the rebirth of Duoshe is relatively perfect except that there will be a period of "rejection" at the beginning, the rest is relatively perfect, but everything has yin and yang.

Duoshe has existed in this world for so long, naturally some detection methods will be derived.

This detection method has been almost lost, but it does exist.

And the most terrible thing is that this detection method is known to be used by some of the original father's subordinates.

No one would doubt him for no reason, but he, Xu Yuan, was not Xu Changtian after all, and in front of someone who was really close to him, it probably wouldn't take a moment to notice something strange.

The same thing was discovered, after a series of testing packages, Xu Yuan didn't dare to think about his end.

There is indeed a way to perfectly integrate the body and mind, and Xu Yuan knows where it is, but that thing is in the cave below the cliff.

Once the big ice lump died, he, Xu Yuan, would have no chance to go down to get it.

Taking a deep breath, Xu Yuan forced himself to stop his thoughts, controlled his aching body, and sat cross-legged on the ground.

No matter how much he thinks now, it is useless, all he can do is wait for the result in peace.

"Buzz..."

As soon as he sat down, a slight tremor on the ground made Xu Yuan tremble immediately.

Looking down, all I could see were some fine stones lying quietly on the ground.

illusion?

Xu Yuan's eyes flickered, and he gently pressed his palm on the ground.

"Buzz..."

The subtle tremors between the sand and stones are transmitted through the fingertips, and the vibration gradually changes from weak to strong.

Xu Yuan frowned.

Is it an earthquake?

thought flashed,

"boom!"

Accompanied by the spreading sound waves, the top of the mountain shook violently.

Xu Yuan subconsciously held his breath.

It's not an earthquake, someone is fighting!

one second,

five seconds,

ten seconds,

"boom--"

The sound waves came again along with the tremor, and this time the whole cliff seemed to be shaking faintly.

Xu Yuan clenched his fists tightly, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes, and he raised his eyes to look at the way he came.

Time seems to stand still,

Between the dazzling sun rising eastward, a black dot appeared.

The black dot is rapidly expanding in the field of vision, and in an instant it turns into a huge black shadow covering the sky and the rising sun, flying towards the top of the mountain at high speed...

Breathing in and out,

"boom--"

A huge black shadow, like a meteorite from outside the sky, hit the open space more than ten meters away in front of Xu Yuan. The powerful impact caused sand and rocks to fly on the top of the mountain instantly, and smoke and dust rose everywhere!

Wait until the smoke clears,

Xu Yuan saw the head of a giant python more than ten meters high through the fingers that covered the smoke and dust.

And in that golden dawn,

On that ferocious snake head,

A beautiful black shadow stands with a sword hanging down, and the three thousand waterfalls of blue silk fluttering gently in the wind behind her...


		