

During the conversation between the two, the height of Xuanying has already dropped to a place that is only more than 200 meters above the ground.

Xuanying's figure with a wingspan of more than 20 feet and nearly 30 feet immediately caused a lot of noise from the pedestrians on the ground, and the low-altitude pass of the huge beast even caused many people to hide in the house in panic.

"Zhi Niang, what is that? Hurry... hurry and call the city defense department! Monsters... there are monsters coming!"

"Don't panic, that eagle has a loft on its back!"

"This is actually a domesticated monster?!"

"Aren't flying monsters going to land at the Supervised Ranch of the Department of Beasts? It's a felony to disturb Jingshi!"

"Get out of the way! Get out of the way!!! My earth dragon tortoise is frightened, get out of the way!!"

"Ah! Ah!! Don't!!!"

"Wow--"

Accidents always happen so suddenly.

Accompanied by the discussions and scolding, as well as the crying of children, a giant tortoise three to four feet long on the wide sidewalk was suddenly frightened, and directly crashed into the square city on the street!

Smoke rose from a piece of stone, brick, rubble, and wailing burst out in an instant!


The movement below made Xu Yuan subconsciously look down the wooden window, stared quietly for two seconds, then withdrew his gaze, and looked at Zhou Chen aside with a hint of questioning.

He didn't understand why he deliberately descended to such a height to glide down?

Zhou Chen understood the meaning of Xu Yuan's eyes, and explained with a smile indifferently:

"Third son, the Department of Alien Beasts stipulates that the flying height of civilian flying monsters in the Fucheng Well area should not be lower than 60 feet. Our Xuanying is now at least 70 feet away. This is entirely the ground dragon tortoise's own. question."

Saying that, Zhou Chen chuckled to himself:

"The black eagle didn't take the initiative to release its breath, and the earth dragon tortoise was frightened and out of control. Heh... It is estimated that most of this batch of earth dragon tortoises are the nine monsters who passed the back door of the department of strange beasts. If this is reported , I guess someone will suffer~"

Hearing the other party's explanation, Xu Yuan roughly understood the reason, so he withdrew his gaze and said no more.

With the speed of Xuanying's gliding, the road where the accident occurred quickly disappeared from the field of vision.

And in the next distance, there really was no such thing as the frightened and injured monster just now.

Xu Yuan kept scanning the layout of the city below.

The streets extend in all directions, except for some pedestrians in the urban area, most of the streets in the city are similar to the ancient times in Xu Yuan's impression, but they are more spacious. The area in the middle of the street can almost accommodate three or four carriages passing side by side.

But these streets were all skipped by Xu Yuan at a glance, and what attracted his attention was the huge official road directly below that almost divided the city area.

The breadth of this official road directly surpassed any road in his previous life.

And it's not a conventional carriage that shuttles through it, but all kinds of monsters galloping fast.

Taking a condescending glance from above the black eagle, Xu Yuan even saw road designs similar to elevated roads and tunnels in the distance.

Xu Yuan was subconsciously surprised by the structure of the road building and the weight that the road would bear instantly when those huge monsters stepped on it.

But as soon as this thought flashed through, Xu Yuan shook his head lightly.

He almost didn't turn the corner.

The material strength of the previous life should not be comparable to this world.

The material strength of the sword that Ran Qingmo was holding earlier could have been used to make Gundams in his previous life.

What's more, in this world, there are things like formations to bless.

Thinking up to this point, Xu Yuan focused his attention on the various giant beasts galloping on the giant official road.

He kept flipping through the memories of the original body in his mind, but there were only some ambiguous things.

After a pause, Xu Yuan turned his head and asked:

"Mr. Zhou, what is the Nine Levels of Monster Beast Examination you just mentioned?"

"This..."

Hearing the words, Zhou Chen also glanced at the official road below, thought about his words a little, and said:

"To put it simply, it is a law formulated for those sects and chambers of commerce that sell monsters."

"..." Xu Yuan didn't speak, but stared at Zhou Chen.

Seeing this, Zhou Chen understood that the three young masters wanted him to speak more carefully, so he sighed helplessly.

As a master, Zhou Chen is not aloof, on the contrary, his mouth is quite broken.

He is also very happy to have someone to chat with.

After sighing, Zhou Chen slowly explained to Xu Yuan the nine-level assessment of training monsters. At the end of the day, he didn't even need Xu Yuan to ask questions, and he talked about all the things related to animal training.

After the other party finished speaking, Xu Yuan silently sorted out the new information in his heart.

monster.......

Insufficient manpower, monsters make up.

In this world, humans have never stopped domesticating monsters since ancient times.

From the simplest beating with fists, to gradually becoming a system of taming.

The lifespan of monsters, the strength of monsters, the endurance of monsters, and the ability of some monsters to fly all make them very suitable as "tools" for human beings.

Therefore, despite the difficulties, the domestication of monsters has continued, and creatures like monsters have gradually integrated into the lives of ordinary people.

Means of transportation, means of transport, means of communication, and even giant war beasts specially domesticated for the battlefield. …

A brand new tech tree that's completely skewed.

At this point in his thoughts, Xu Yuan shook his head slightly.

It's not right to say that, maybe for this world with qi, this technology tree is just as it should be.

But no matter how advanced the monster training skills are, just like the completely obedient mechanical giants in the previous life may malfunction, as a monster with self-consciousness, it naturally has such risks.

The vigilance and stress when encountering natural enemies, the tyranny when hungry and empty stomach, and the orders suppressed by the upper blood of the same family may make the domesticated monster run away directly.

The Department of Alien Beasts of the Great Yan Dynasty summed up all the experience of the previous life, and set up a nine-level assessment of civilian monsters to ensure that monsters will not run wild and hurt people to the greatest extent.

In addition, Zhou Chen also mentioned military monsters.

And if there are civilian uses, there will naturally be military ones.

The inspection and assessment of military monsters is even stricter, with as many as seventeen levels.

After roughly understanding all the known information about the monster, Xu Yuan let out a long breath, looked sideways and said with a smile:

"I didn't know it before, but after hearing what you said today, this monster is really interesting."

Zhou Chen also smiled, and said in a low voice:

"Third Young Master, if you are really interested, you can go to the branch of the Tianan Chamber of Commerce in Jingjiang City to have a look."

Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows.

This Tianan Chamber of Commerce is a giant chamber of commerce with semicolons all over the entire Yan Dynasty. In "Cangyuan", it almost plays the role of a system mall. Every map has semicolons. As long as you have enough money, what materials and medicines do you need? You can find it to buy.

"Tianan Chamber of Commerce?"

Zhou Chen grinned:

"Well, yes, there are many rare monsters there. Now that you have a cultivation level, you can pick two to see."

"Choose?" Xu Yuan found that Zhou Chen's words were wrong.

Zhou Chen glanced at Xu Yuan in surprise, and said softly:

"Third Young Master, don't you know?"

"what do you know?"

"Tianan Chamber of Commerce is the property of Xiangguo Mansion."


Xu Yuan's mind suddenly went blank.

at this very moment,

Only then did he suddenly understand what kind of prime minister his cheap father was.


		