

Zhou Chen felt quite stupid, really.

He actually thought that the lustful hungry ghost of the third son would not get close to women for the sake of penance.

However, probably this is the third son.

Slightly cupping his hands, Zhou Chen asked softly:

"Third Young Master, do you need me to go with you?"

Standing at the stairs, Xu Yuan looked back and said with a smile:

"Didn't Mr. Zhou want the Ziye and Zihua sisters earlier?"

Xu Yuan has always been generous to capable people.

he is not short of money

"..." Zhou Chen's eyelids twitched.

Xu Yuan patted him on the shoulder and laughed:

"Let's go, I have already informed the bustard to wait downstairs."

Zhou Chen was silent for a moment, then smiled: "Then Zhou will thank the third son first."

After speaking, he followed Xu Yuan all the way.


All the way down, there is a faint fragrance in the drunken fairy building.

This fragrance is slightly intoxicating, it should be a refined medicine product, and one can detect its weak aphrodisiac effect through careful perception.

There are countless Yingyingyanyans along the way, and occasionally you can meet some young masters standing in neat clothes standing at the door of the wing room to bid farewell to the red lady inside.

Seeing Xu Yuan coming down from the top floor, some unknowing red ladies would take the initiative to chat and laugh, if there was any temptation.

The third son is notoriously taken advantage of.

It was rumored among the sisters that if the service was good, the three young masters would sometimes throw a hundred or two.

The red lady who can own a wing in the Zuixian Tower has a good appearance and figure, and Xu Yuan is also happy to flirt with this young lady.

Food and sex are also coming to this place of fireworks, so there is no need to cover up.

When he reached the back hall on the ground floor, Xu Yuan's body was already stained with a lot of rouge fragrance.

There are several large courtyards outside the back hall of the Zuixian Tower, where the bustard and several top oirans in the Zuixian Tower live.

These oirans have great autonomy. Not only are they top-notch in appearance, they are proficient in all kinds of poems and songs.

To be their guest of honor, not only must they have money, but they must also be willing to spend money, they must also be handsome, and they must also be talented.

It is they who pick the guests, not the guests who pick them.

It's an old marketing gimmick, but these elegant guys just happen to eat this set.

The courtyard area behind Zuixian Tower is very large. It is more like a garden than a courtyard.

The specifications of the courtyard where each oiran head card lives are built according to the standard that can hold a poetry and song meeting.

Small buildings and pavilions, a vast lake, a piece of luxury.

But this is also normal. If you don't cultivate extravagantly, how can you let those young masters spend money?

However, compared with the other courtyards of these top oirans, the courtyard where the madam lives is a bit small.

Just a standard cottage.

When he came to the door of the old bustard's other courtyard, Xu Yuan pushed the door open and walked in.

Knocking is okay, but not necessary.

There is a small rockery pool, trickling streams, stone benches and tables, a pair of singing birds and fragrant flowers, with a good style.

It seemed that he heard the sound of the door, and a smiling voice came from the room immediately:

"Hey, the third son came so early, I haven't cleaned up yet~"

The tone of voice carried a little charm unique to the Land of Fireworks.

While talking, a woman with an enchanting figure came out from the door, with gold hairpins in her temples, and a simple beige long dress wrapped her familiar figure.

Xu Yuan remembered that the old bustard in front of him was called Yueniang, a very powerful woman.

The original body couldn't even get away with three moves under her hands.

After Yueniang came out, she first glanced at Xu Yuan with her smiling eyes, and then took a deep look at Zhou Chen behind Xu Yuan, with a smile on her lips:

"Third son, you asked Jiu Yato to inform, but what's the matter, if there are two people, the slave's body..."

When Zhou Chen heard this, a playful smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

And Xu Yuan interrupted her directly:

"Two things."

The voice was interrupted, Yue Niang was not annoyed at all, she moved her lotus steps, walked up to the two with a charming figure, nodded and said with a smile:

"Say, my slave is listening."

"The first thing is to send Zi Ye and Zi Hua to the top floor."

"Oh, this... depends on the wishes of the two daughters of the slave family..."

Yueniang said to herself, but after taking a look at Xu Yuan, she laughed directly and said: "Since the third son needs it, we don't have this rule. You will arrange it immediately at the servant's house later, but I don't know the third son." What's the second thing, son?"

Xu Yuan shook his head and smiled, then walked to the stone bench in the courtyard and sat down, knocked on the stone table, squinted his eyes and said with a smile:

"Second thing, send the new oiran from Zuixianlou to my room."

Yueniang's eyes flickered for a moment, she walked across to Xu Yuan, gathered her skirt, sat down slowly, and said with a charming smile:

"Third son, there will be a poetry meeting in the bamboo garden tomorrow night, and this daughter of the slave family will naturally appear there at that time, why are you in such a hurry~"

"Poetry meeting?" Xu Yuan murmured.

"That's right, when the time comes, the other daughters of the slave family in the other courtyard will also go there to help, and you will show off your demeanor, and my daughters will fall in love with you, so why rush it for a while~" Yueniang thought tactfully reject.

After Xu Yuan listened carefully, he knocked on the table again and smiled:

"How much money, just tell me."

There was a trace of helplessness in Yueniang's eyes, and she said quickly:

"Third Young Master, it's not about money. My daughter's invitation to leave the cabinet has been sent out, and my daughter is a nobleman, so it depends on her own wishes."

Xu Yuan frowned, stared at the beautiful woman in front of him, and remained silent for a while:

"So there's nothing to talk about?"

The smile on Yueniang's face remained undiminished, and she sat lightly beside Xu Yuan, put her arm around his arm, and stroked his thigh:

"Third Young Master calm down, so I will arrange for you to meet my daughter regardless of the outcome of tomorrow's poetry meeting, is that good?"

Xu Yuan glanced at Yueniang's broad chest, and silently withdrew his hand.

Yueniang smiled and sat up straight, looking at Xu Yuan with bent eyes.

Xu Yuan showed a hint of thought in his eyes.

Let him participate in the poetry meeting....

I carefully recalled the poems of my previous life that have been passed down through the ages.

Hmm...seems like a good idea.

This one seems to be able to pretend.

But the thought flashed by, and Xu Yuan shook his head lightly.

He is Xu Changtian now.

Can poetry?

He will be a fart!

Let a person who can't even write doggerel write the famous lines through the ages, right?

Taking a deep breath, Xu Yuan took out a ten thousand taels of silver note from the Sumeru Ring and slapped it on the stone table.

Yueniang's pupils shrank slightly.

It wasn't the 10,000 taels of silver bill, but the ring on Xu Yuan's finger.

Xu Yuan ignored the astonishment in Yueniang's eyes and stared at her:

"For the last time, to send or not to send?"

10,000 taels to buy the court oiran's Luohong is already very high, it can even be said to be ridiculously high.

Counting together the two sisters, Ziye and Zihua, they would only be around forty taels a night, and individually, they might only be in their early fifteen taels.

Like the price of one hundred taels a night on the top floor of the Zuixian Building, most of the other people use it for parties to share equally. Only an outrageous son like Xu Yuan will live there for a long time.

Luohong who bought an oiran with tens of thousands of grains of silver would only exist in the painting book.

Yueniang glanced at the 10,000 taels of silver, and pursed her lips in a pitiful way:

"Third Young Master, the invitations have already been sent out, why can't you wait any longer?"

According to the anxious performance of these three young masters in the past, maybe these three young masters can increase the price, and they have all the precepts, so they will certainly be able to increase the price.

a moment of silence,

Xu Yuan put away the 10,000 taels of silver bills, and put three thousand taels of silver bills on the table. As he walked out, he said to Zhou Chen:

"Mr. Zhou, accompany me to Zhuyuan."

"Oh, okay..." Zhou Chen responded, and glanced at Yueniang with a look on his face, and followed Xu Yuan silently.

The third son can completely snatch it by force, but I don't want to give you ten thousand taels of silver... Ha ha.


Yueniang glanced at the three thousand taels of silver bills on the stone table, stood up and smiled at Xu Yuan's leaving back and said:

"Oh~ Since the third son loves my daughter so much, ten thousand taels are ten thousand taels."

The stream is trickling, and the courtyard is silent.

Xu Yuan simply ignored the other party.

Three thousand taels is already the market price in memory, and if you are talented in poetry, it may be half as low.

If you don't want it, then forget it.

go to the door,

Yueniang's laughing voice faded a little, and she came lightly:

"Third Young Master... there must be rules in everything. Buying and selling by force is not the case."

Hearing this, Xu Yuan glanced at Yueniang, chuckled and closed the courtyard door.

The woman in the bamboo garden is related to his life and death, care about you?

After Xu Yuan left, the eyes of Yueniang who was sitting on the stone bench flickered for a moment, took a deep breath, and exhaled slowly.

Yuan Qi surged on her body for a while, and the figure suddenly flashed, and disappeared in the same place in an instant.

And just as soon as her figure disappeared...

"boom!!!!!"

A muffled sound exploded in the alley between the courtyards!

The smoke cleared.

Xu Yuan looked at this beautiful young woman who suddenly appeared in front of her eyes with some amusement, and was suddenly smashed by Zhou Chen's neck on the stone wall beside her.

After counting breaths, Xu Yuan sighed and said with a smile:

"Yue Niang, where are you making trouble?"


		