

In "Cangyuan", the player wants to obtain a Sumeru ring. Apart from collecting all kinds of rare materials and finding someone to make it, Xu Yuan also knows a place where he can obtain the Sumeru ring.

The method is very simple.

In the early stage of the task, you will pass a map called Tianyuan Mountain.

Players only need to enter the innermost end of this map, and they will meet a white-haired old man with three bloody question marks on his head in a bamboo forest.

He will send quests to the players, but if they want Xumijie, they can’t have a dialogue with the old man. When they meet, they will directly kill him.

Everything is about seeking wealth and insurance.

As long as this old man is killed, a Sumeru ring will explode 100%, and it will come with a ring of heavenly material and earthly treasure.


Memories of the past flashed through his mind, Xu Yuan shook his head with a slight smile, and cast his eyes on the woman in black opposite him.

Although her master had a Sumeru Ring, it was clear that Ran Qingmo had never touched it before. She stared at the ring with her beautiful eyes and fiddled with it for a long time before finally taking out a few items from it.

Three bottles of pills, two simple books, and a red brocade robe.

In addition, there are more than a dozen empty jade bottles and jade boxes.

After taking these out, Ran Qingmo looked up at Xu Yuan, and blinked:

"there is none left."

"I know."

Xu Yuan nodded slightly, and swept towards the books, bottles and jars lying on the ground.

Compared with the game, there are some empty jade bottles and jade boxes in this storage ring, but there is no difference in other things.

A book of exercises, a book of combat techniques, a blood jade glazed garment and three bottles of pills with different effects.

Jiuhuandan, the holy medicine for healing.

The Blood Spirit Melting Body Pill has the function of reassuring the soul and melting the body.

The Evil Meteor Pill is a must for practicing the Blood Origin Heart Destruction Art.

In the outside world, these are all first-class treasures.

Xu Yuan's eyes finally fell on the three bottles of pills.

Reality is not a game, and the name will not be marked on the item.

Although Xu Yuan knew what was in the third-grade elixir, he couldn't tell the difference.

But it doesn't matter, now he has an "grandpa" by his side as a guide.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan looked at the woman beside him:

"Mr. Ran, I have some missing memories about these pills, so please help me identify them."


Ran Qingmo glanced at Xu Yuan upon hearing this, with strange and suspicious eyes.

She felt strange about Xu Yuan's selective amnesia, but she couldn't tell what was so strange.

After thinking for a while, but failing to come up with a result, Ran Qingmo nodded in agreement:

"Well... this bottle is Jiuhuan Pill, this bottle is Blood Spirit Fusion Pill, this bottle... this bottle..."

When talking about the last bottle of elixir, Ran Qingmo frowned slightly, and stared at the small bottle for a while without blinking, but in the end she couldn't tell why:

"This bottle...I don't know."

"It's okay if you don't know." Xu Yuan replied softly.

Ran Qingmo didn't know that this Ememe Pill was also normal.

The Ememe Pill is a elixir specially prepared for the cultivation of the Blood Origin Heart Fall Art, but the Blood Origin Heart Fall Art has been lying in this cave since it was created.

It can be said that apart from Xu Yuan, who used to be a player, there is no second person in this world who knows the existence of this skill.

Walking closer and holding two of the bottles in his hands, Xu Yuan glanced at the remaining bottle, paused, and said softly to Ran Qingmo:

"Well...you can keep this Jiuhuan Pill for healing."


Ran Qingmo immediately looked up, her quiet eyes flickered.

She knew the value of the Jiuhuan Dan.

Gently pursing her red lips, Ran Qingmo looked at Xu Yuan and suddenly asked:

"Well, can you give me a jade box?"

"Jade box?"

Xu Yuan glanced at the jade vase and jade box, and said with a casual smile, "Just take it."

"Oh."

Ran Qingmo nodded, took a jade box in his hand and opened it, and directly in front of Xu Yuan raised a slender hand and reached into his bosom to feel for a while.


Reorganizing the language, Xu Yuan asked softly:

"What are you doing?"

Ran Qingmo didn't speak, and silently took out the snake heart lotus from her bosom and put it in the jade box.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan was a little surprised.

He remembered that he put this thing in his arms before jumping off the cliff.

Most likely when he was in a coma, the big ice lump quietly touched her own spoils back.

Some smiles.

After closing the box, Ran Qingmo adjusted the neckline, got up and handed the jade box to Xu Yuan, and said softly:

"I...I'll trade this with you."


Seeing her serious eyes, Xu Yuan was silent for a moment, smiled, and did not refuse: "Okay, I will accept it, and you put it in the Sumeru ring for me."

"Oh." Ran Qingmo nodded, and the jade box in his hand disappeared with a single thought.

When the voice fell, the two of them had nothing to say for a while.

Ran Qingmo didn't feel embarrassed either, so he glanced at Xu Yuan, and took the Jiuhuan Pill he had exchanged for himself, and sat in the corner of the cave to recuperate.

And Xu Yuan slowly picked up the blood jade glazed clothes and two ancient books on the ground and sat down on the jade bed in the cave.

This is his cave, he sleeps on the bed, and Ran Qingmo sleeps on the ground, which makes sense.


		