

Xu Yuan was too familiar with this burial village.

He is so familiar with everyone in the village that he can still recall the name.

The butcher who likes to sharpen his kitchen knife in the middle of the night, the beautiful young woman who always smiles and likes to tease others, the blind man who is blind but not completely blind, and the old village chief who is always smiling...

The Burial Village is the novice village in the Cangyuan plot.

A peaceful yet dangerous village located deep in the mountains on the border of Dayan.

It is said to be peaceful because the elders of all kinds of uncles and grandparents are very kind to the protagonist, as good as ordinary elders in the family.

It is dangerous because the elders of these uncles and grandparents are ordinary on the surface, but in fact they are all big bosses who live here for the elderly. Everyone in them was once a famous thief or monster.

A dilapidated small village where all kinds of bigwigs gathered.

Then..

Then the village was slaughtered cleanly by his father who was the prime minister himself.

Only one boy who accidentally went hunting in the deep mountains survived alone.

That's right, this boy is the protagonist of the plot.

This is the fundamental reason why Xu Yuan has always wanted to find the protagonist of the plot.

With the blood feud here, the protagonist of the plot and the Xiangguo Mansion basically have no room for maneuver.

When the other party grows up completely, no matter what his father's reason for massacring the village is, the protagonist of the plot will not be merciful.

But now, through the clues provided by Su Jinxuan, Xu Yuan has already been able to lock in three possible routes for the protagonist of the plot, and can roughly determine what the cheat is in the opponent's hand.

The first one is the line of kingly blood.

The hot-blooded and kingly protagonist, as the name suggests, is the god of war with residual blood, and the more residual blood, the more explosive it is.

The second route is to take the old man with you.

The plug-in is also very simple, fully controlled by artificial intelligence, and the strength can skyrocket under special conditions.

The third is the evil path of practicing Dahehuan Yinyang Gong.

Three doses of Acacia powder are plugged in, this thing can ignore the level limit.

Thinking of this,

Xu Yuan's mood was a little heavy.

The former and the latter are nothing, if you find it, let Zhou Chen go and kill it.

But according to Murphy's law,

Xu Yuan had a vague feeling that the protagonist of this plot was probably the second grandpa route, because the protagonist of this route was the most difficult to deal with.

Without the restrictions of the special conditions of the game, the opponent can give him a big wave at any time if he is in a hurry.

Among Xu Yuan's current acquaintances, probably only his eldest brother can stably kill each other, even the big ice tuo named Ran.


There was a burst of fragrance in the carriage.

Most of the time, a quiet environment will make people feel peaceful, but when life is decided by others, this kind of silence becomes a kind of torment.

Seeing Xu Yuan's silent profile, Su Jinxuan took a deep breath.

Fists clenched.

Fist released.

hold tight

release.

back and forth several times,

A look of sadness flashed in Su Jinxuan's eyes, and the air she inhaled slowly exhaled, calling softly:

"Young master..."

The answer is actually already in the heart, but people always have such unrealistic expectations.

Xu Yuan's eyes swept away, and the other party's original complacency disappeared again, and he saw the uneasiness in her eyes.

Some dumbfounded.

It seems that the other party's statement that Mr. Qin regards her as his own sister is mostly true. If it is a well-trained dead soldier, he probably won't show such a look.

It is very rare for a young lady who has not left the court to behave like this in the face of death.

"You seem frightened?" he asked.

Su Jinxuan bit her lips lightly with her tiger teeth:

"The shadow guards of the Xiangguo Mansion are well-known, so Jinxuan has naturally heard of it."

"Since you are afraid, why do you dare to come to me?"

"..." She was silent.

Xu Yuan had a smile in his eyes, but there was no trace of pity:

"The last question, if you are willing to answer, I don't have to hand you over to Ying'er after entering the mansion. Of course, if you don't answer, I believe Ying'er should be able to get this information from you."

"Su Jinxuan, what is the purpose of that Mr. Qin asking you to control me?"


Su Jinxuan clutched the corner of her clothes, her fingers turned pale, she was silent for a long time, then shook her head:

"I...I don't know."

Hearing this, Xu Yuan raised his hand and gently stroked her soft long hair, and said softly:

"Unfortunately, Jinxuan, the answer I want to hear is not this."

You said you took the initiative to share Mr. Qin's worries before, but now you say you don't know?

I talked about myself.

How stupid.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan smiled again.

But that's right.

If everyone keeps their minds calm under the great terror of life and death, then there will be too many ruthless people in this world......


Su Jinxuan was taken away by Ying'er.

But judging from the information provided by the other party, Xu Yuan did say a few good words for Ying'er in front of Ying'er.

Instead of corporal punishment, let Ying'er tie her hands and feet, seal her hearing, and throw her into a dark room filled with soft quilts.

Seeing Su Jinxuan's slightly grateful eyes when he left, Xu Yuan wanted to laugh.

Modern torture techniques may not be as direct as the pain of corporal punishment in ancient times, but that thing is a mental attack.

Do not ask.

Asking is experience.

Because of his death, Xu Yuan and a group of friends went to the professional experience hall to experience it once in his previous life.

Lie on a soft bed, wrap your hands and feet in special cotton wool covers, and the staff will put on special earmuffs and eye masks for you......

that feeling,

Just don't talk about it.


The Xu Mansion is located in the north of the huge Jingjiang City, covering an area of ​​more than a thousand acres. A huge wetland lake is located in it, with pavilions, pavilions, and Yuyu Qionglou.

It was windy by the lake, watching Ying'er and Su Jinxuan gradually go away, Xu Yuan turned around to look at Zhou Chen who was drinking, and suddenly said:

"Mr. Zhou, can you do me a favor?"

"Third Young Master, you can just order." Zhou Chen put down the jug.

Xu Yuan stared at Su Jinxuan's leaving back:

"Help me to find out about Su Jinxuan's extermination."

There was a hint of surprise in Zhou Chen's eyes: "My lord means..."

Xu Yuan explained:

"Su Jinxuan said that she was rescued by Mr. Qin on the way to escape, and most of the whole family died. I suspect there is something hidden in it."

"So and so..."

Zhou Chen murmured, as if he understood Xu Yuan's meaning.

Although he had some doubts in his heart, Zhou Chen did not intend to refuse.

The third son's recent behavior has gradually become worthy of him raising his bets.

He clasped his fists;

"I just don't know where Miss Su's hometown is?"

Xu Yuan's eyes flickered for a moment, and said:

"Jincheng in Jiangnan Mansion."

In the previous life, when Xu Yuan manipulated the protagonist of the plot to lead Su Jinxuan into the Jiangnan Jincheng for the first time, he would say to the convenience, "I haven't seen you in more than ten years, and this Jincheng has really changed..."

Zhou Chen immediately clasped his fists together: "Come on, don't worry, Third Young Master, this subordinate will go and notify the Black Scaled Guard at the Jiangnan Mansion."

talking,

Zhou Chen immediately prepared to turn around and leave.

"and many more."

Zhou Chen paused.

Xu Yuan unhurriedly took out a stack of five thousand taels of silver bills from the Sumeru Ring, and sent them to Zhou Chen with Yuan Qi.

Zhou Chen's eyes lit up, but he still held the flagon and said in a low voice:

"Third Young Master, this is..."

Xu Yuan chuckled lightly:

"Mr. Zhou took good care of me, took care of me, and paid for some wine to show his affection."


		