

"My opinion?"

Xu Yuan was a little surprised that the other party would ask this question, and glanced at the other party, slightly amused:

"My opinion is that you had better not go."

"Um?"

Su Jinxuan's eyes flickered twice, and asked, "..why?"

"Because you're so stupid."

"..." Su Jinxuan.

"Ah, I didn't mean to scold you, I was just stating a fact."

"..." The ups and downs of Su Jinxuan's chest accelerated slightly.

Xu Yuan glanced at it and said with a soft smile:

"Look, you are angry now, and you don't mean to hide it at all. How does this kind of character respond internally?"

"I am..."

Su Jinxuan opened her mouth to refute, but Xu Yuan interrupted first:

"I guess you want to say now that it is natural to be angry when you are scolded, or it is simply that there is no need to hide this kind of thing from me, right?"

"..." Su Jinxuan closed her red lips.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan smiled and shook his head:

"Looks like I was right."

Su Jinxuan pursed her lips lightly.

Looking at her, Xu Yuan suddenly smiled and raised his hand to pat her shoulder.


Su Jinxuan was a little uncomfortable with the other party's sudden intimacy.

Since they came out of that secret room, this was the first time the two had physical contact in a month.

Xu Yuan only regarded it as a subordinate of the previous life auction project, and said in a casual manner:

"You don't know how to hide your emotions, and your mind is too easy to guess. I know that you may be in a relaxed state now, but if you are really suitable for internal response, you will never have time to relax.

"Your cultivation base determines that even if you are alone, you can't confirm whether anyone around you is watching you."

talking,

Xu Yuan glanced back at Zhou Chen who was hanging more than 20 meters behind him, and suddenly said softly:

"Do you know him?"

Su Jinxuan followed Xu Yuan's gaze, hesitated a little:

"The guard who follows you every day is called Zhou Chen. He should be a master."

Xu Yuan grinned:

"It's not a guard, it's Ke Qing, a third-rank grand master who walks the martial arts.

"Did you know that Zhou Chen can hear your heartbeat from dozens of meters away. If you use the exercises, the distance may be even further. Qin Weijiu will not be weaker than him, as long as you talk about some key content , He can hear your heartbeat a little faster.

"Su Jinxuan, do you understand what this means?"

Although it is not mind reading, but when talking about certain things, the acceleration of the heartbeat can easily arouse suspicion.

Su Jinxuan clenched her fists, her heartbeat gradually calmed down: "I...I should be able to overcome it."

Xu Yuan withdrew his hand and nodded slightly:

"Okay, for the time being, let's just assume that you can overcome it, then let's move on.

"As long as you do internal response, everything you do, even every word you say, needs to be thought through in your head, and you need to think carefully about the possible consequences.

"Some information is not important to you and you can say it casually, but this is because your information is incomplete, and a word you say casually may expose you if it is heard.

"He does not mean that."

With that said, Xu Yuan took a deep look at Su Jinxuan:

"Just like you told me about Qin Weijiu's relationship with you on the carriage, if you didn't tell me this, I wouldn't know the relationship between you and Qin Weijiu at all, and it would be even less likely for the Blackscale Guard to investigate the matter. .

"This is a matter of course to you, but it may be suspicious information to others."

words fall,

There was silence between the two.

Now that it has entered the coldest winter day, there are already three or two ice flowers on the lake in the mansion.

"Your opinion is... you don't want me to go?"

There was a hint of temptation in her voice.

"It's not that I don't want to."

Xu Yuan didn't want to correct it immediately: "It's just that I don't think you can do a good job as an internal response with your current ability. At that time, not only will my investment be gone, but it may also be used in reverse."


A ray of inexplicable loss flashed in Miss Succubus' lowered eyes.

After walking a certain distance, seeing that the other party still lowered his head and did not speak, Xu Yuan hesitated a little, exhaled a long breath, and suddenly said:

"Su Jinxuan, Ying'er looked for you before, right?"


Su Jinxuan's pupils narrowed slightly, and she immediately looked up.

She realized that the other party came to her to ask her to do the internal response before the other party said.

Now that you already know the decision she made on this matter, why ask her again?

The sense of loss hidden in his eyes disappeared, and instead, he gradually took on a suspicion of "did I just get tricked by this guy?"

"Don't look at me like that."

Xu Yuan sighed and rubbed his brows:

"I think Ying'er should have told you the specific situation, and now I can give you two choices."

Su Jinxuan's eyes were a little stunned.

"This is your only chance to repent."

Xu Yuan stared closely at her beautiful peach eyes, and raised a finger under his gaze:

"First, you can continue to stay by my side like this, and I will provide you with a book of exercises suitable for the cultivation of the Succubus according to the situation.

"Attention, I'm talking about exercises, not secret techniques. With that exercise and your Phantom Body, your cultivation speed may not be slower than mine.

"Of course, you should understand what you need to pay to obtain the exercises.

"But at least you are safe this way, and when your cultivation level increases, you will have many opportunities to kill your enemies yourself in the future."


Su Jinxuan was silent for two seconds, then said softly:

"What about the second..."

Xu Yuan withdrew his hand, smiled lightly and said:

"Everything remains the same, follow the black scale guard's dispatch, but in your current state, if you do internal response, there is a high probability that you will be exposed. Even after the black scale guard's training, I don't think your chance of surviving is high."

Speaking of which,

He looked up at the endless blue sky:

"I've just told you the reason. I believe you can judge for yourself. It's still the same sentence. You can lie to me about this kind of thing, but don't lie to yourself."

For a moment, for eternity.

Two choices, two paths.

The first is to become his subordinate.

The second article still belongs to cooperation.

In the quiet mansion, it seemed that there were only two people's footsteps left.

took a deep breath,

He exhaled slowly again.

Su Jinxuan looked at the courtyard in the distance, clutched the corner of the cheongsam tightly, and said softly:

"I...I'd still choose the second one."

The sky was blue and the sun was pouring down like a waterfall.

Looking at her flawless profile, Xu Yuan shook his head lightly, without further words.

The gap between the two choices was obvious to the naked eye, and he thought the other party would choose the first one. But the other party chose the second one.

Some unexpected, but understandable.

Self esteem.

For him, it's a casual gift and investment.

But for her, this is a great kindness that cannot be repaid in a lifetime.

He sighed silently in his heart.

estimate,

Another heroine is gone.

Just like what he said just now, he is really not optimistic that Su Jinxuan can become an excellent undercover agent.

he,

Sure enough, I still hate this kind of big risk investment.

no more words,

The two entered Xu Yuan's attic silently all the way.

But for some reason,

Miss Succubus worked extremely hard for today's training, and she didn't even finish until late at night.


		