

Looking at the burning bonfire, Xu Yuan sighed slightly, then chuckled again.

In the past, no matter how complicated the plot of Cangyuan was, it was just a game after all, and it was impossible to show all aspects of a complete world.

In this extraordinary world, a lot of common sense in the past will become the laughing stock of others.

If you are sick here, you don't necessarily need to take medicine, and if you lose temperature in the wild, you don't necessarily need a bonfire to keep warm.

Xu Yuan considers himself a very adaptable person, but in the face of this change in the rules of the world, the habits he has developed over the past twenty years will still temporarily affect his mode of thinking.

Thinking divergently, Xu Yuan glanced at the giant python at the entrance of the cave.

The giant python has been lying there staring at him since he woke up, as if he knew his face.

Without thinking deeply, although the 2.5D pixel wind turned the first-person real perspective to make the opponent change a lot, Xu Yuan still roughly guessed what kind of giant python was in front of him.

Yan Ling Python.

A class of relatively rare elite fire-attribute material monsters, with a certain amount of intelligence, can be subdued into babies and later cultivated into Yanling Jiao.

Back then in the game, it was very easy to subdue this kind of giant python. It was a monster that was extremely lustful and afraid of death.

In the game, Xu Yuan didn't like this kind of low-grade stuff to be a baby, but the Yanling Liquid produced by the other party was a good thing, and some pills made from it as auxiliary medicines were useful even in the later stages.

At present, he can't make alchemy, but Yanlingye is a kind of natural material and earthly treasure that can be used directly.

Slightly recalling the description of Yan Lingye in the formula book, Xu Yuan's eyes flickered slightly.

The Book of Changes cuts marrow, pulls out cold diseases, nourishes yin and strengthens yang. Snake nature is obscene, with a slight aphrodisiac effect.....

Thinking of this, Xu Yuan suddenly remembered that this thing seemed to be one of the ingredients of the most treasured acacia powder in the Evil World Line.

He glanced down at the water pouch in his hand, then subconsciously glanced at the other person in the cave.

After Ran Qingmo finished everything just now, he sat down cross-legged on the other side of the cave silently and began to close his eyes to rest his mind. The cold breath could be felt from a long distance away.

Xu Yuan withdrew his gaze and silently put the water bag down.

Yan Lingye is indeed a good thing, but in the current situation, he has to drink less, otherwise he won't have a place to cry when he gets chopped up by that big ice lump.

Thinking about these messy things, Xu Yuan patted the wet brocade robe on his body, and got up to let the giant python at the entrance of the cave dry it for him.

Clothes can be dried quickly when they are wet without using a fire. In a sense, it is a hundred times more convenient than those dryers in the previous life.

The sound of Xu Yuan walking slowly did not attract Ran Qingmo's attention, she still sat quietly with her eyes closed.

When he came close, facing the huge vertical pupils of Shang Yanling Python, Xu Yuan found that he was really quite adaptable in some aspects.

I was frightened at first sight, but now I can look at each other calmly.

As the man and the snake looked at each other, Xu Yuan pointed at his clothes.

Yanling Mang just lay there and stared at him quietly, without moving.

Xu Yuan took a deep breath and pointed to Ran Qingmo beside him.

There was a trace of humanized disdain in Yanling Python's vertical pupils, and then he opened his mouth sincerely and stretched out Shexin's mouth.

As soon as the snake letter came out, a dry and scorching sensation immediately spread over the face, and the water vapor on the robe evaporated at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The heat wave brought by the snake letter felt warm and comfortable on my body.

For a while, the cave was quiet.

And just when Xu Yuan's robe was about to be completely dried,

The accident happened suddenly!

A frenzied murderous intent suddenly flashed in the huge vertical pupils of the docile and cowering Yanling Python, and the snake letter spit out suddenly turned into an afterimage mixed with heat waves on the pavement and hit Xu Yuan's head! !

Once the attack of this behemoth hits, Xu Yuan's head will explode, so there is no room for negotiation.

This time, Xu Yuan saw it, but the body of an ordinary person simply cannot avoid the attack at this speed.

The breath of death enveloped him like a tide, and he could only watch the snake letter hit his head like a hammer with a strong wind.

time of life and death,

A blue sword light cut through the space abruptly, and the diffuse heat wave was instantly swallowed by the endless coldness!

And that black shadow has already blocked in front of him at a speed invisible to the naked eye.

"Pa-ta--"

With a crisp sound, the slender and thick snake letter was cut off and fell on the cold ground. The remaining nerves made the snake letter twist and turn on the ground.

There was a moment of silence in the cave.

"Hiss!!!!"

With a sharp painful neigh, the huge body of the Yanling Python began to struggle continuously, and the cave was shaken by it.

Ran Qingmo, who stood in front of Xu Yuan, stared calmly at the giant python in front of him with a pair of quiet eyes, lightly pressed his hand on the hilt of the sword, and waved the sword casually.

Silently, a cut across the entire cave appeared on the inner wall of the cave entrance. Through this cut mark, the gloomy rainy weather outside was clearly visible.

At the entrance of the cave, the Yanling Python, which was struggling continuously, also froze suddenly.

Ran Qingmo put his sword back into its sheath, and slowly turned to look at Xu Yuan:

"What are you doing?"

Following the woman's calm voice, the head of Yanling Mang behind her was chopped off obliquely and slipped quietly...


Xu Yuan looked at the scene in front of him, but bit his lip hard without answering.

Instead of being thankful for being rescued, a chill gradually rose in his heart.

A demon beast like Yanling Python is not low in intelligence. It has a lustful nature and is afraid of death.

But this Yanling python actually wanted to kill Ran Qingmo risking his life just now under Ran Qingmo's nose.

Xu Yuan clenched his fists a little bit.

It could only be that there was some genuine fear that made it necessary.

Looking at the huge corpse of Yanling Python, Xu Yuan suddenly felt a little scared.

If just now when Ran Qingmo went out to collect firewood, he had suddenly entered the range of the Yanling Python's attack, he might have turned into a corpse when she came back.

In the plot of "Cangyuan", the third son of the Xu family died on the way to being kidnapped by Ran Qingmo in nine different ways, and each method of death was different.

Due to Ran Qingmo's lack of common sense and negligence, death from hypothermia is only one of them.

Drowned while drinking water in a creek less than half a meter deep, fell to death from a cliff, and was knocked to death with a wooden stick on the head...

The various unlucky ways of death of the third son in various timelines are often ridiculed by the players, but Xu Yuan can't laugh at this moment.

Now that I think about it carefully, these abstract ways of death are no different from those who committed suicide by being shot in the back in their previous lives.

no accident,

Someone wanted him to die in this Wanxing Mountain Range.

It was still raining outside, and the sky was dark and gloomy.

Xu Yuan let out a long breath, looked up at the woman in black in front of him, and took a deep breath:

“Mr. Ran, we need to talk.”


		