

Zhou Chen's experience is extremely rare,

It is embarrassing how difficult it is for these warriors at the bottom to practice.

But Xu Yuan is now more concerned about Tianan Martial Arts Hall.

Because there was a black scale guard like Ying'er who was like a dead soldier, Xu Yuan had realized before that that cheap old man had his own training system for private soldiers.

But the training of the Black Scale Guards is done privately, just like raising domestic servants in various aristocratic families, but the nature of the Tian'an Martial Arts School has changed since it was opened, and it is directly on the surface.

Collect disciples from all over the world.

For ordinary people, this is the way of cultivation,

But for the Xiangguo Mansion, this is also an open means of recruiting troops.

Thinking of this, Xu Yuan restrained his thoughts and did not think deeply.

It is useless to think too much at this moment, it is better to ask the old man directly when the strength is reached.

After walking out of the Wuxuanyuan, Xu Yuan took Zhou Chen straight to Zangshu Pavilion.

Without the maintenance of elixir, the meridians and soul need to be cultivated, but time cannot be wasted.

Xu Yuan planned to use this time to look up some classics.

Although this is not the Prime Minister's Mansion in the Imperial Capital, as the hometown of the prime minister of the current dynasty, there are many extremely rare secrets in the Cangshu Pavilion of this mansion.

As for how did Xu Yuan know?

This is how the tens of thousands of silver in the Sumeru Ring came from, how could he not know?


Xuanwuyuan is located in the southwest corner of the mansion where the servants lived, while Cangshuge is located in Anxiu Garden where the owner's family lived in the northernmost end.

Sometimes the mansion is too big is actually not a good thing, but because Zhou Chen is very talkative, the journey along the way is not boring.

There are some Zhou Chen's personal experience, some gossip, and some internal reference information from the Xiangguo Mansion.

For example, when a secret book of martial art was born in a certain place, a group of local warriors flocked to fight for it. After a lot of people died, they were finally taken into the bag by the children of the aristocratic family.

For example, there are a few people in the imperial capital who went to the imperial court to report to the courtiers, and the price was ridiculously high. Just going to the boudoir to listen to music and chat lyrics would cost hundreds of taels of silver a night.

For another example, although the entrance fee of Tianan Martial Arts Hall is extremely high, it actually runs at a loss every year, and the astronomical figure of the loss needs to be made up from the Tianan Chamber of Commerce.

Because of his status, Zhou Chen didn't care about these things when he said them.

Chatting along the way added a little more to Xu Yuan's knowledge.

Walking to the gate of Zangshu Pavilion, the two guards on duty saw that Xu Yuanqian had come to salute and let them go.

Zangshu Pavilion is a small four-story building, surrounded by small bridges and pavilions, trickling streams, and the environment is quite antique and elegant.

Push the door and walk into the small building, and a small room greets you.

There is a simple wooden table in the room, and an old man with white beard and hair is sitting behind the table holding a book.

Before Xu Changtian came here to steal books, there was no such person at all.

Glancing sideways at Zhou Chen, seeing that his expression was normal, Xu Yuan roughly guessed in his heart that this should be an offering waiting for the Library Pavilion.

Xu Yuan and Zhou Chen walked straight past. The old man didn't raise his eyes, he was still reading the book.

Seeing this scene, Xu Yuan felt a slight respect in his heart.

Walking into the Library Pavilion, they didn't stop at the first floor, and the two walked along the wooden ladder towards the top floor.

While walking, Xu Yuan was slightly curious and asked:

"Mr. Zhou, was that old man very strong just now?"

Zhou Chen raised his eyes and said indifferently:

"It's just a condensed soul, half of the body is buried in the fifth grade, there is nothing to say."

Hearing this answer, Xu Yuan was slightly disappointed.

He thought the other party was an expert like a sweeping monk, but he couldn't sense Zhou Chen's cultivation level at all.

At this moment, Zhou Chen chuckled and said:

"My lord, there is nothing rare in the Library Pavilion in the Jingjiang mansion. It would be too presumptuous to leave a fifth-rank guard here, but there is a master living in the Library Pavilion in the Imperial Capital. You may have seen it before."

Hearing this, Xu Yuan recalled a little:

"The maid cleaning the books?"

In the past, when he went to the Zangshu Pavilion to steal books in the imperial capital, he would almost always meet a maid in the attic who cleaned the dust from the books with a ladder.

She was quite a young woman, and she didn't fit in with the heavy atmosphere in the library around her, and every time she met, she always looked at him with the gentle eyes of a junior, so she was very impressed.

"It seems that you have indeed seen it."

Zhou Chen nodded, and said softly: "My lord, don't look at her as young, but she is actually a few years younger than me. Back then, she was always Madam's maid..."

Speaking of which,

Zhou Chen realized that he had made a slip of the tongue and immediately fell silent.

The Zangshu Pavilion fell into silence for an instant.

The silence lasted for several seconds before Zhou Chen slowly said in a gentle tone:

"Well...Anyway, she went to the Library Pavilion in the mansion afterwards."

Xu Yuan didn't speak any more.

He knew the reason for Zhou Chen's silence earlier.

Because in memory, he has almost no information about that mother.

Even if there is, it basically stagnates in a very small childhood.

father and no mother,

This is also one of the reasons why the original body was autistic and turned evil.

However, based on what Zhou Chen said about the establishment of Tian'an Martial Arts Hall, Xu Yuan could vaguely guess that the mother's death should be related to the establishment of that day's An Martial Arts Hall.

The two came to the fourth floor in silence all the way,

Zhou Chen directly opened the window and sat on the roof to drink, while Xu Yuan silently flipped through various books on the top floor......



Time passed slowly, approaching noon.

"Third son."

On the top floor of the silent Library Pavilion, a slightly hoarse female voice sounded.

The sudden sound without any warning made Xu Yuan, who was concentrating on it, tremble slightly with his hand holding the book.

Looking up, he found that it was a shadow in a tight black suit.

Xu Yuan frowned and asked:

"Is there something wrong?"

"Um."

"Say."

"Master Xiangguo is looking for you."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Xu Yuan was taken aback by his concise words.

After thinking for a moment, Xu Yuan realized that it was impossible for the old man to travel all the way to Jingjiang City, and looking for him should mean a summons.

"Let's go."

Without any nonsense, Xu Yuan put the books in his hand on the bookshelf and walked downstairs.

Shadow followed.

On the way downstairs,

Xu Yuan seemed to think of something, and suddenly asked:

"By the way, did that woman Su Jinxuan say anything?"

Su Jinxuan has been handing over to Ying'er for ten days, and he guesses that this woman has said everything she needs to say.

Ying'er replied:

"Said some, but not much."

Xu Yuan was surprised:

"Su Jinxuan only said a few things?"

This, he was very surprised.

Su Jinxuan, that foxy girl, is usually very thoughtful, but when she is under pressure, she will become less intelligent.

It can only be said that she is a very smart young lady.

But now the other party has actually stayed under Ying'er for more than ten days, so he only said a few words.

The bones are hard.

Shadow nodded:

"Yes, she only said a few things.

"Ten days ago, I went to ask her once when I was out of the mansion for business. She said something. I just returned to the mansion today, and I am going to ask her again."

"..." Xu Yuan.

"..." Ying'er.

"Are you using the criminal law I mentioned?"

"Um."


a moment of rest,

ten days

Xu Yuan slightly imagined the mental state of that fox meizi...

The body shivered slightly.

With a light cough, she stopped asking about Su Jinxuan, and asked instead:

"You just said you left the house? Why?"

"Investigate Qin Weijiu." Ying'er.

Xu Yuan paused and looked back:

"Then Qin Weijiu is that Mr. Qin? Is there any progress?"

"..." Ying'er stared down at her toes without speaking.

Xu Yuan was silent for a moment, then hummed softly, and walked out in silence.

If it was Zhou Chen, he would probably have told him about it directly.

it seems that

This shadow still needs training.


		