

Looking at the accounts of such a place, Su Jinxuan was a little dazed.

She asked the question just now not because she wanted an answer, but because she wanted to deny her doubts about Mr. Qin.

She was already prepared, no matter what evidence Xu Changtian presented, she would say to him, "There is no evidence for what you say, maybe you compiled this evidence".

But now this sentence can't be said.

Too much.

The Konghua Chamber of Commerce, a regional chamber of commerce that can be regarded as a medium-sized one in the whole of Dayan, has accumulated accounts for more than ten years, which can be said to be piled up like a mountain.

Account books are not things that can be edited at will by imagination. What comes and goes must be equal, and the entry and exit of the account can be calculated.

Even if Xu Changtian was able to predict the future and order the compilation from the moment she was arrested, it is impossible to compile so many ledgers in just ten days.

Seeing Su Jinxuan's expression, Xu Yuan understood it in his heart.

Heh, if the compilation of ledgers was so easy, there wouldn't be so many accountants who would have taken the blame and squatted in the previous life.

Xu Yuan casually picked up an account book on the ground and opened it. While flipping through it, he said casually:

"If you need to compare the fake accounts of the Konghua Chamber of Commerce, I can also order the Black Scale Guard of the Imperial Capital to transmit it."

Fake accounts?

True account?

Su Jinxuan looked at the mountain of ledgers in front of her, her heart trembling slightly.

If these are all fake, then Xu Changtian has to compile a fake account with the same amount.

This kind of project with millions of words can never be completed in ten days.

"This is real?"

Su Jinxuan's voice was very soft, full of confusion.

Xu Yuan sneered when he heard this, and when she looked at her, he said playfully:

"Of course it is true, but you just believe it? I thought you would continue to insist that these books belong to my Xiangguo Mansion, but they have been slightly edited and modified in the past few days."

Su Jinxuan's heart instantly burst into flames again, biting her lips:

"Xu Changtian, you... what do you want?"

"What do I want?"

Xu Yuan tapped the wooden table in front of him lightly with his fingertips: "Of course I want to dispel all doubts in your heart, didn't you think so just now?"

"..." Su Jinxuan was silent.

Shaking his head, Xu Yuan said in an orderly manner with the sound of "duk duk" knocking on the table:

"I've said it all, you can look at the business object, business location, and business time on this ledger before making a judgment."

Su Jinxuan's eyes flickered for a moment, and she slowly got up without saying a word, took out a book from the mountain of ledgers, and returned to her seat to browse in silence.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan didn't urge him. He sat quietly for a while, then got up and left.

All he had to do now was wait.

Something that a person has believed in for more than ten years is like a hard rock, which is usually difficult to shake, but the seed of doubt begins to take root and sprout on its surface, and then one only needs to wait quietly for this seed to grow, and remove this rock from Internal extrusion cracking shattering.......


Time flies by.

Su Jinxuan's matter was just an episode in Xu Yuan's current life, and it was temporarily forgotten after it was dealt with.

After receiving the summons from the Imperial Capital, Li Guanshi delivered all the pills that Xu Yuan had reported earlier on the same day.

But the number of pills is not satisfactory.

Compared with Xu Changge's previous delivery of whole bottles, the pills Li Guanshi brought were scattered, among which the pills such as Humai Pill and Guangling Pill were not even filled to the brim.

If Xu Yuan had opened up his practice, this elixir would probably be exhausted in less than a week.

In desperation, Xu Yuan had no choice but to readjust his cultivation progress.

Without the maintenance of the elixir, if you keep overloading the kung fu practice, you will feel a tingling sensation in the meridians.

It is also because of this that the days of being able to immerse yourself in cultivation day and night are gone and will never return.

However, the short training time does not mean that Xu Yuan has nothing to do.

Although he has the memory of the original body, the other party knows nothing about this cultivation. He needs to read the classics to fill this gap, so as not to be helpless in certain special situations in the future.

The daily routine of life is gradually fixed, but it is roughly the same.

Sleeping, eating, practicing, reading.

But two days later, apart from these four activities, Xu Yuan had one more task every day.

combat.

Every time he and Zhou Chen came out of the Wuxuan Academy after training, they would pass by the Martial Arts Field.

Seeing those big muscular tyrants fighting each other with fists to the flesh, Xu Yuan came up with the idea of ​​fighting on a whim.

Because until now, he hadn't really fought with someone of the same strength.

With an itchy hand, he went straight to the field.

Seeing the third young master coming up, the martial arts arena that was already in full swing immediately fell silent.

Notoriety, no one dares to go up.

With Xu Yuan repeatedly emphasizing that he would not hold grudges, and directly rewarding him with pills, finally an eighth-rank pulse quenching martial artist slowly entered the stage.

Xu Yuan was very satisfied with the opponent's strength.

The protagonist of the plot is also at the eighth rank at this time, but one can beat a group of eighth rank Tempering Pulse Realm Guardians in his family.

Xu Yuan felt that even if he was not as good as the protagonist, it shouldn't be a problem to defeat the eighth-rank strong man opposite him with the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art.

Then...

Then he loses.

Complete failure.

With the powerful blessing of the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art, he is no match for the eighth-rank martial artist at all.

Unable to use his strength, the opponent's punches and kicks continued like waves, and he was forced out of the martial arts arena within a minute of the fight.

Standing under the martial arts stage,

Xu Yuan could feel that if the warrior on the opposite side hadn't been afraid of his hands and feet because of his identity, he might have been lying on the ground unable to get up after a few moves.

There is no mediocrity who can be in this Wuxuan Academy.

These guards who walk with warriors are not street gangsters, each of them is carefully selected from the thousands of civilian students in Tianan Martial Arts Hall, and it is said that they crawled out of the dead. No exaggeration.

that moment,

Xu Yuan suddenly understood the gold content of the plot protagonist, Qin Mo's eighth rank, who could reversely kill his family's seventh rank nursing home.

If he faced Qin Mo alone now, he might die if he met Qin Mo alone.

Without saying anything, Xu Yuan dropped the reward and left directly.

This reflection directly made the brawny man in the Tempering Mirror stupid who had received the reward.

He thought he was done.

Xue Yong, a genius at the pinnacle of the sixth-rank iron body, was killed by these three young masters, not to mention he was a small eighth-rank quenching pulse.

He waited until the next day with trepidation, but he saw the figure of the third son in the martial arts field again.

This time, the third son directly brought a whole bottle of "Bone Tempering Pill".

Beat him once, get one pill.

Bone Tempering Pill, these eighth-grade Vein Tempering Pills can only get three pills a month.

Under the heavy reward, there is a brave man.

Soon, the second person who was lured by the reward entered the field.

A minute later, the man came down with a Bone Tempering Pill.

The third young master who was sent flying out of the stage did not speak, but just sat on the side of the stage and adjusted his breath quietly for half an hour, and then went on stage again.

The scene was silent,

In the silence, the person who had already received a bone quenching pill tried to play again.

Soon, he received the second Bone Tempering Pill from the bearded middle-aged man on the sidelines.

When the rewards and promises made by the third son were verified, the atmosphere in Wuxuanyuan gradually became active...


		