

Xu Yuan was no stranger to elders beating younger generations.

Because of his personality, because he was born to play, he was almost beaten by the old man from an early age.

When I was in elementary school and junior high school, I liked to cause trouble and fight. In high school, my puppy love was found by the woman's family. In college, I fell in love with wilderness travel. I went out to play, and I didn't see anyone in school for more than a month.

And every time the old man caught these things, it was a severe beating.

Over time, Xu Yuan got used to it.

Can't afford to offend, can't he still hide?

The world is so big, he can't resist, why can't he run?

Anyway, after all, they are father and son. When the old man's anger subsides, say something nice and admit his mistakes, and be firm in his attitude. When the living expenses are paid, he can continue to play as he wants.

But in this world now, Xu Yuan found that he couldn't run even if he wanted to.

This cheap big brother can hang him up and beat him directly.

Physically,

Hang up and fight.

The one who couldn't even speak was hung up and beaten.

Thinking about these things, Xu Yuan suddenly heard a loud eagle cry.

After recovering, Xu Yuan looked at the strange wing in front of him and shook his head slightly.

After being beaten into a coma, this room was what he saw when he woke up.

A faint scent of incense permeates the antique room, and all the decorations in the house are extremely simple.

Looking out along the wooden window at the head of the bed.

Xu Yuan saw the boundless blue sky.

as well as,

That huge eagle wing with a wingspan of over ten feet.

It has been two days since he was beaten, and he is already sitting on the "airplane" back to Jingjiang City.

Different from the giant steel beast in the previous life, this "airplane" was a living creature, a huge black eagle with a wingspan of more than twenty feet, and a luxurious attic with carved beams and painted buildings was built on its broad back.

It was Xu Changge's palace in the sky, but because Xu Yuan was too weak, he temporarily lent it to his younger brother Yao.

As for Xu Changge himself...

The elder brother was busy with things, he hung him up and whipped him for a while, and then he flew away with the two huge python heads when he woke up.

Xu Yuan reckoned that the other party should have rushed back to Dijing to find his cheap daddy to return.

In order to save him, Xu Changge had already spent too much time on this side of the Wanxing Mountain Range, and now the timing was critical, the other party had to go back to Beijing to help that father.

Thinking up to this point, the two huge python heads flashed in Xu Yuan's mind, and his eyes gradually became a little strange.

He thought of Ji Fenghua whose head was chopped off by Xu Changge.

Ji Fenghua, a big sister with green hair and beautiful Lihua.

Big and white big sister.

But compared to the death of another paper man's wife, Xu Yuan is more surprised by the strength of his elder brother.

Ji Fenghua, as a mature algae that bloomed seven blood lotuses decades ago, is really strong, several grades stronger than Ji Qingyue, the second princess of the snake demon clan.

But such a character died in Xu Changsinger.

It's not that Xu Yuan doubted Xu Changge's strength, but because Ji Fenghua fought Xu Changge once in the many world lines of "Cangyuan".

In the late period of that world line, the Western Alien Demon Kingdom crossed the Hundred Thousand Mountains of Wanxing Mountains and invaded the Dayan Dynasty.

Outside Jingjiang City, Xu Changge and Ji Fenghua fought.

And that time,

With no one interfering, Xu Changge lost by a narrow margin.

Ji Fenghua, who was bruised and bruised all over, turned into a giant python and swallowed it in one gulp, dying.

Anyone with a discerning eye can see that the difference in strength between Xu Changge and Ji Fenghua at that time was not that big at all, and it can even be said that a difference of one thought can determine victory or defeat.

But the reality now is that,

Xu Changge went directly to Ji Fenghua's hometown and chopped off her head.

Considering the environmental factors, considering that Xu Changge was basically uninjured when he came back, and considering that there are other monsters watching in Gu Yuanli, Xu Changge's strength should be almost crushing to Ji Fenghua at this moment. powerful.

This completely deviates from the plot, and the gap in combat power that is obviously inconsistent with the original plot makes Xu Yuan feel a little uneasy.

In less than ten years, Ji Fenghua has no player's upgrade plug-in, even if he becomes stronger, it is impossible to be so fast.

What's more, Xu Changge is also an out-and-out genius.

Ji Fenghua can become stronger, so naturally Xu Changge can also become stronger.

Due to special events such as chance, the gap in strength between her and him may be narrowed, but it is impossible to reach a level.

In other words...

Xu Yuan's thoughts froze slightly, and a somewhat unrealistic idea appeared in his mind.

During the time between the plot and Gu Yuan's invasion of Great Flame...

His elder brother's strength not only did not increase, but became weaker?

Why?

Xu Yuan couldn't understand.

In "Cangyuan", there are many things that players from the perspective of God do not know.

Just like Ran Qingmo who just separated from Xu Yuan.

How Ran Qingmo learned that the Prime Minister was going to destroy Tianyuan Sword Sect, Xu Yuan had no idea.

After all, at this plot point, only Xu Yuan's cheap father and a few confidantes know about it.

When playing "Cangyuan", Xu Yuan speculated at the beginning that the prime minister had an inner ghost. After all, there were only a few people who knew about it at this time, but as he got through all the endings in the game one by one, the prime minister The few confidantes under him have never been cleansed.

Every one of them can be said to be loyal to the boss to the end.

The production team digs holes and does not fill them in. The euphemistic name is: to give players room for their own imagination.

Xu Yuan sighed slightly.

Insufficient information, no amount of speculation is useless, we can only look for opportunities to investigate in the future.

Without continuing to divert his thoughts on this matter, Xu Yuan slowly turned his eyes to look at his bedside.

Before the elder brother left, he casually threw over a dozen bottles of pills to him.

Said it was for this trash to heal his wounds.

Let him recover from his injuries as soon as possible, and Sheng's father will blame him for being too heavy handed.

Different from the three super-grade pills found in the cave where each jade bottle contained only one pill, each of these jade bottles contained more than a dozen pills.

Qinglindan, the effect of accelerating the recovery of the mind and soul, and strengthening the ability of the mind and soul to perceive the source of energy for a period of time.

Guangling Dan, enhances the tenacity of the meridians, and is a magic medicine for strengthening the foundation and cultivating the vitality.

Humai Pill, after eating it, a thin film will be formed on the inner wall of the meridian, so that the user can run the exercises uninterruptedly for twelve hours a day without worrying about the damage of the meridian.

Dihun Pill, as the name suggests, can temper the mind and soul.

Hmm... Healing, the elder brother said that these are for him... These pills can indeed heal, poof~

It is no exaggeration to say that these elixirs are magical medicines for those who are new to cultivation, and they cover almost all the problems encountered in cultivation.

more importantly,

These medicines have no side effects.

In the medicine refining system of "Cangyuan", most of the pills that can help the characters cultivate will produce some permanent debuffs after consumption.

For example, the mind and soul are weakened (the blue bar decreases), the meridians are damaged (the leveling experience increases), and even some pills that break through the barrier will have an irreversible effect on the organs (reduce the maximum life limit).

Elixirs without side effects will only be one case,

The value of the materials needed to refine it is far greater than the elixir itself.

In other words, use the precious materials in the middle and late stages to refine what the character needs in the early stage.

After silently staring at the dozen or so jade bottles for a long time, Xu Yuan suddenly had an inexplicable urge to get together and get beaten up.

Immediately, he fell silent, chuckled and shook his head.

Although this big brother really beats people when he beats people, he is really willing to give good things.


		