

Jingjiang Xu Mansion, Zangshu Pavilion.

Xu Yuan sat by the window and quietly browsed the C-grade internal reference that Ying'er personally sent to him just now.

The communication with the old aunt Lou Ji two days ago let Xu Yuan know that the internal references in his family are also graded.

very strict grading system,

A, B, C, D, W, He, Geng, Xin, Ren, Gui, etc. are ranked from top to bottom.

What kind of identity strength, what kind of contribution can be read and what level of internal reference subdivision is very clear.

The complete information on the Northern campaign belongs to the third class C,

Because of the absurd things he had done before, even Lou Ji was inconvenient to tell him directly, and needed to ask his father.

after all,

If he takes it out and buys it again, then the fun will be great.

It was only delivered after two days, and it must be his father who agreed to this matter.

The sun was just right, and between the rise and fall of the birds and geese, a breeze blew by.

Xu Yuan has liked this feeling since his previous life.

A cup of tea, a book, an afternoon.

Leisurely and at ease.

But as the internal reference continued to browse, Xu Yuan found that he could no longer relax.

Barbarian....

Xu Yuan rubbed his eyebrows.

There is a world line in Cangyuan, and the final boss that players need to face is the barbarians who fought all the way from the north, but the plot does not have any inkling on the current war at all.

Looking at it now, it's really a bit too bad.

Seven years ago, when Wu Chenghou was still guarding the northern border, these barbarians outside the frontier were beaten to the point of being unable to hold their heads up. Take a nosedive.

Generally speaking, it was an accident caused by internal fighting, which led to the trick of raising the bandits' self-respect.

The relationship within the Dayan Frontier Army is very complicated.

Due to the laws and regulations established by the founder of the dynasty and the various sects, there is a price for each sect not to pay taxes.

In terms of local governance, they need to unconditionally assist the court to keep the people safe.

In terms of the military equipment system, the Zongmen needs to send some disciples to break up and organize the troops of the Dayan Dynasty to accept dispatches every year, and so on.

The original intention was good, and these laws and regulations did play a great positive role when the imperial power was strong, but with the evolution of the millennium and the rise and fall of the imperial power, these laws and regulations gradually changed.

There are many frontier troops on the hills, and the imperial court and the sect, the sect and the sect, the sect and the big family, basically push each other for war.

The most typical example is the current northern border.

With Marquis Wu Cheng being transferred back to the imperial capital, there was no wolf in the northern territory who could control all parties, and the hills on all sides were like a mess of loose sand.

It is normal for our army to eat melons to supervise the battle ten miles behind.

Now that Hanbei City has not been defeated, it is entirely because the family background of the Great Yan Dynasty is too strong. Even so, the barbarians on the other side can still only eat away at it.

This point is similar to what Xu Yuan knew in his previous life.

Dayan is worthy of the name of the dynasty.

Whether it was Gu Yuan in the southwest, the barbarians in the north, or the desert in the northwest, they basically waited until the big forces within the Great Yan Dynasty got their brains out before they dared to enter the arena to pick peaches.

Then the protagonist of the plot manipulated by Xu Yuan became the final boss.

Concentrate your thoughts, apart from the breeze in the wing room, there is only the rustling sound of pages turning.

suddenly,

Surprise flashed across Xu Yuan's eyes, and his fingers turning the pages paused slightly.

and many more,

This barbarian is not human?

Xu Yuan saw an illustration on the internal reference sent by Lou Ji.

It's not a photo, but the pen and ink are extremely refined and realistic, depicting a picture of a battlefield.

On the dilapidated city wall, there are corpses everywhere, including soldiers in frontier uniforms, cultivators in Zongmen costumes, and barbarians from the north.

And that barbarian didn't look like a human being no matter what.

After two seconds of silence, Xu Yuan slowly got up and went to the bookshelf to find books.

A quarter of an hour later, Xu Yuan sat back by the window, holding in his hand the title page of the fairly new "Records of the Northern Barbarians".

After a cursory glance, Xu Yuan had a strange expression on his face.

Barbarian is not a contemptuous term for those nomads outside the Great Wall by the Yan Dynasty.

Barbarians are barbarians.

Although it is also humanoid, it is more similar to a humanoid creature with green skin or black skin.

He didn't know this in his previous life, or he didn't need to know it.

He understands Gu Yuan because following Gu Yuan can make him a reckless hero, or even a dragon knight.

And Beiman has no farts, no paper man wife, why does he care about this?

There are few introductions, and even the few important bosses are not drawn, and it is completely unrealistic to expect it to make the monster model more exquisite in a 2.5D pixel-style game. Many material stickers are basically changed to another color and then used.

Xu Yuan always thought that the barbarians were a group of stronger humans.

Only now did I know that the other party was not human.

The average height of these adult barbarians is more than one foot. Born in a bitterly cold place, their dark brown hard skin is hard to penetrate. There are sharp bone spurs on their fists and important joints, as if they were born for fighting.

A sentient humanoid monster.

Knowing this, Xu Yuan did not feel any fuss.

I have seen both the Stone Buddha and the Seven Lives Python, so naturally this kind of humanoid monster will not be too surprised.

But I do understand why the barbarians are the only foreign forces that don't have paper wives.

too ugly.

Putting down this "Records of the Northern Barbarians", Xu Yuan continued to concentrate on reading the other internal reference.

The internal reference browses to the end of the battle report of the last week in the north.

As of the day before yesterday.

After more than a month of fierce fighting, Princess Wu Yuan finally broke the siege of Hanbei City.

Of course, the 30,000 Royal Forest Army brought by the princess alone was not enough to successfully rescue the siege, and more of them were the result of compromises by various local forces.

Having said that, the process described in the internal reference gave Xu Yuan a new insight.

What the hell,

It turns out that some people will really fight among themselves in the situation where soldiers are approaching the city.

Before Princess Wu Yuan led the army to Hanbei City,

Those hilltops in Hanbei City that were besieged by the barbarians still had the strength to fight against the barbarians, even more so than the hard power.

But they just don't fight, they just stay in the city and fight.

No one wants to go first, and everyone wants to preserve their strength.

Anyway, relying on the various formations in Hanbei City, it will be impossible for those barbarians to break in for a while.

And the news has already been sent out, just wait for the imperial court to come to reinforce the troops.

If the reinforcements don't come, then we will have more ration reserves than anyone else.

Your family has no rations, and the soldiers under your hands have to eat, right?

Is it bad that you want to eat without doing anything?

As for the mutiny in the city?

Go outside to fight the barbarians and still have a chance to survive. If there is a large formation in the city, mutiny is waiting for death, and by the way, you can kill the nine tribes.

This situation was not completely resolved until Princess Wu Yuan led the Imperial Forest Army to arrive.

The former nine princesses were protons sent by the royal family to Wuchenghou's mansion in the north.

But because Wu Chenghou is a loyal royalist, the treatment of the nine princesses is better than those of the princes in the Hou's mansion.

The nine princesses showed interest in childhood, and Wu Chenghou took her with him when he went out to fight, and even let her lead the army in person after he grew up.

He was single-handedly brought up by Wu Chenghou in the army.

After such a little bit of accumulation, Princess Wu Yuan's prestige in the army is quite high.

certainly,

The main reason for the cooperation of these old idiots is because the first thing this crazy woman did after entering the city was to call a meeting and behead her.

If you neglect your duties until the battle situation is corrupt, you should be beheaded.

As soon as the words fell, a third-rank Grand Master and seven or eight fourth-rank Fusion Realm lieutenants were directly blasted to pieces in the hall.

Use the large array in the city.

The blood of the royal family has always been the number one controlled by the formations of each big city under normal circumstances.

In this way, under the coordination of that Princess Wu Yuan, the siege of Hanbei City was untied, and the lost ground has begun to be gradually regained.

Although they may not be in unison, they can barely be regarded as cooperation.


		