

After walking through several wing rooms, we came to the window next to the river on the top floor.

Xu Yuan was wearing a white mink feather coat and stood by the window on the top floor of the Zuixian Building, overlooking the bustling nighttime scene of the important town in the southwest.

Zuixian Tower is the tallest building in the north of the city, and the top floor overlooks a small portion of the fireworks in Jingjiang City.

The nightlife in the city is very bustling. There are no street lights in this world, but there are small Ming pattern lamps engraved by the government on both sides of the street.

Looking down, Zuixian Tower stands beside the Jinhuai River.

The winter in the water town still has a few gloomy chills. The common people in the market are harassing, selling and shouting, and the flower boats moored at night are floating gently on the Jinhuai River. The shopkeepers kept attracting the eyes of men on the road.

The Zuixian Tower and the Xiaoxiang Pavilion in the south of the city can be as famous as the official Jiaofang Division as a place of fireworks. Naturally, they have their own unique features. After all, most of the people in the Jiaofang Division still have status blessings.

Apart from the appearance, the clothes are all just right to attract people.

Suppressing some restlessness in his heart, Xu Yuan took a deep breath and turned back to sit cross-legged on the bed.

If your health is not good, you have to discipline yourself, you have to quit drinking and sex.

Because of the more than half a week of training and conditioning in the Xuanying Pavilion, Xu Yuan's body, which was depleted by that dandy, has become much healthier, but there are some things that need to be recuperated slowly.

The original body took drugs every day and messed around in the hook bar, and it was fine, what he took was the third-rate small pills bought by those bastards.

Whether the medicine is strong or not, Xu Yuan is not sure, but the side effects are really serious, and taking it every day directly causes hidden diseases to the organs.

Every time Xu Yuan recalled this, he felt that the original body's mind was really not working well, no wonder he would be slapped in the face by the protagonist of the plot controlled by the player.

If you want to take drugs, you can ask your elder brother for it, even if it means getting a beating? He will not give it.

The internal organs have already been overloaded. If it weren't for the solid foundation of the family and the supply of nourishing medicinal food, Xu Yuan would probably be able to lie in the coffin and wait for burial.

But those dog legs are almost dead now.

Ever since he was kidnapped by that big ice dumpling, Xu Changge came to this Jingjiang City himself, and almost all of the dog legs around Yuanshen were killed by him.

His own brother couldn't be killed, but Xu Changge, the mediocre dog legs around him, didn't have the slightest scruples to strike.

Xu Yuan didn't comment on Xu Changge's method. After all, these people deceived the original body and stole a lot of antique calligraphy and paintings from home to buy at low prices. Presumably most of them ended up in the hands of these dog legs.

But no matter what, Xu Changge's behavior has indeed caused a problem for him now.

According to the plot time,

The protagonist of the plot should have already left the "burial village" on the border of Dayan, and is about to arrive at Jingjiang City.

But now he wanted to do something ahead of time, but he didn't even have a single person available.

The most basic thing is that it is impossible to find the protagonist of the plot out of this huge Jingjiang City.

Those dog legs belong to dog legs, but there are some things that are of little teaching and low class, as long as he orders them, they can be done properly for him.

After all, no matter how dandy the original body is, with the status of the prime minister's third son, there will always be someone who will come over and take the initiative to lick it, not to mention that the two idiots are quite generous.

In Jingjiang City, some high-level gang members, children of the chamber of commerce, and even some people from the city defense department are all "best friends" of the original body.

If nothing happened to these people, it would be no problem to find someone in this huge Jingjiang City, but now they are all slaughtered by Xu Changge.

And with the lessons learned from this group of people, who would dare to lick you at the risk of being chopped off by your brother?

Let Ying'er or Zhou Chen do it?

These two great Buddhas...

Heh, Xu Yuan felt that he should wash up and go to bed early, because he had everything in his dreams.

Moreover, Xu Yuan hadn't seen Ying'er since he came down from the Xuanying attic, so he probably didn't know where he was squatting in a corner to peep at him.

Mulu thought about it, tapped the edge of the wooden window lightly with his fingers, and then let out a long sigh.

No one is available, it seems that the new nursing homes in the mansion can only do it, but I don't know if these new nursing homes will listen to his three young masters...


After arranging the tasks, Xu Yuan called someone to set up a spirit lock array for the next 20 days, and then stayed on the top floor of the Drunken Immortal Tower without leaving home.

If there is a problem in practice, go to the master Zhou who is getting thinner due to drinking and sex on the top floor.

The chatterbox attribute allowed Zhou Chen to teach much better than that sexual big ice lump, and many of the problems Xu Yuan encountered were basically solved.

Under the guidance of a famous teacher and the blessing of various elixirs, Xu Yuan's cultivation has naturally entered the ranks of the ninth rank after less than a month of practice.

It was the same as the breakthrough when entering the product last time, with another "pop", the bottleneck in the body was broken through without any hindrance.

Feeling the surging changes of the source energy in his body, Xu Yuan opened his eyes in satisfaction, and chuckled lightly:

"This innate Taoism breakthrough is really as easy as eating and drinking..."

Ordinary talents with fair talents have never practiced to step into the ninth rank, and it usually takes about a year on average, but he has stepped into the ninth rank in less than a month!

Hanging his eyes, he shook his hands into a fist, and the blood-colored source energy that used to be there was able to wrap his entire fist at this moment.

Turning fists into palms again, watching the coquettish blood-colored source qi change shapes at will in the palm of his hand.

Xu Yuan couldn't help grinning from the abundance brought by the surge of Genesis Qi.

This,

Is it the feeling of power?

Thoughts flashed, Xu Yuan shook his head dumbly.

Heh.. good middle school two.

Concentrate these miscellaneous thoughts, stick out the mind and soul, and after taking the source crystal in the middle of the spirit lock array back to Xumi Ring, Xu Yuan sat cross-legged and breathed out the liquid source qi in the room before exhaling a long breath .

He has been obsessed with cultivation, and it has been more than half a month since he arranged for those nursing homes to inquire about the news, so it is time for him to ask about the progress of these people.

In addition to inquiring about the news about the protagonists of the plot, he also arranged for these nursing homes to inquire about whether there are any newly cultivated leading characters who have recently left the cabinet in several Goulan in Jingjiang City.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan said loudly to the door:

"Come on, go and call Xue Yong."


a quarter of an hour later,

"Tuk-tuk--"

The wing room on the top floor of Zuixian Tower was knocked.

"Enter."

After getting the answer, a young man in black clothes walked into the room, with a handsome face and a bit of a serious smile.

The young man looked around, and his eyes fell on the long-haired man sitting in front of the tea tray drinking tea leisurely.

The man's long black hair was scattered on the ground. The other party didn't look at him, but just poured tea and drank it by himself.

Seeing the attitude of the third young master, the young man in strong clothes flashed a funny look in his eyes.

Rumor has it that these three sons like to imitate the style of the eldest son, and now they see that they really deserve their reputation, but they are just acting like cats and tigers against dogs.

Going forward, bowing slightly, Xue Yong cupped his fists in salute, lowered his head and said calmly:

"Third Young Master, the person you secretly arranged for us to investigate has been found."

Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows when he heard the words, took a sip of the tea, and said in a calm voice:

"which one?"

Originally, Xu Changge killed a group of nurses in Xu's mansion and transferred them away. Now these nurses are transferred from the adopted daughter recognized by Xu Yuan's father, who is also known as the Fourth Miss by outsiders. .

Responsible for his basic travel safety.

Although Zhou Chen and Ying'er are two masters, one bright and one dark, they can't let them do everything, so naturally some powerful guards are needed to send those little devils who don't have eyes.

And Xu Yuan just used these people to inquire about the whereabouts of the protagonist and a "clear man".

The well-dressed young man replied in a low voice:

"It's the gentleman you were looking for earlier."

Isn't it the main character...

Xu Yuan was a little disappointed, but he was quite satisfied with finding that woman, and said with a light smile:

"That woman is in the Xiaoxiang Pavilion in the south of the city?"

The young man shook his head:

"No, since she is here in Zuixianlou, tomorrow is the day she will leave the pavilion."

Xu Yuan paused slightly with his fingers pinching the porcelain cup, and then sighed.

Well, now the plot he was familiar with went awry again.

In "Cangyuan", there are many routes to die in the Wanxing Mountains as the original body, but there are also many routes to be rescued by Xu Changge.

After returning to Jingjiang City, several of the original death methods were because of the "clean man" he was talking about now.

The reason is very simple, jealousy with the protagonist.

The conflicts continued to intensify and escalate, and finally, due to chance, was killed by the protagonist of the plot controlled by the player.

However, the place where this woman appeared in "Cang Yuan" was obviously in the Xiaoxiang Pavilion in the south of the city, but now it has turned into the Zuixian Tower in the north of the city.

Xu Yuan hadn't been to Xiaoxiang Pavilion, which was the most frequented place of the original body, but had been staying in the Zuixian Tower in the north of the city for a month, and this woman followed her.

As if... as if he came here specifically to cause conflict with the protagonist.

Of course, Xu Yuan knew that it was impossible because it was so simple.

Thinking about it, that "cleaner" is probably the same as Ji Qingyue, and he is eyeing him, the third son.

However, this is not the case now.

After gulping down the tea in the cup, Xu Yuan stared at the well-dressed young man in front of him thoughtfully, and suddenly asked:

"How long has she been here?"

"It's been more than half a month." Xue Yong's voice was flat.

"More than half a month?" Xu Yuan chuckled.

Hearing this answer, a trace of anger gradually crept into his heart.

In front of Xue Yong and the guards under him, they didn't take what he ordered them to do at all.

He, Xu Yuan, stayed on the top floor of the Drunken Immortal Tower to practice every day, and these guards would also stand at the key entrances and exits leading to the top floor.

Xue Yong and the others stayed inside the Zuixian Tower, even if they casually asked the bustard in the Zuixian Tower, with his status as the third son, a big consumer, the other party would never keep it secret.

Help Xu Yuan and Xu Changtian find someone?

Find a fart!

If he hadn't specifically asked about it today, he might not receive the news until tomorrow when the woman officially leaves the cabinet and sees him with her own eyes.

Xu Yuan stared at Xue Yong with squinted eyes, and said softly:

"Xue Yong, I remember that I asked you to investigate this woman 20 years ago. She entered the Zuixian Tower half a month ago, and you got this news just before she left the pavilion?"

Hearing this, the well-dressed young man glanced at Xu Yuan, bowed silently, and said:

"This subordinate is incompetent, please punish me, Young Master."

Having said that, his voice was flat, and his eyes were also Xu Yuanping's.

Xue Yong didn't care about Xu Yuan's accountability at all.

Xiangguo has three sons and one daughter, two dragons, one phoenix, and one mouse.

He belonged to the fourth lady, but because of the previous kidnapping, he was temporarily transferred to the third son's subordinates as a guard.

Miss Si looked down on this third brother, and everyone in the Xiangguo Mansion knew it.

His task is to protect the third son, not to serve him and play with women.

If he didn't follow orders, he was beaten up by the opponent.

If you want to beat him, you can beat him, but this trash can't hurt him with a sword.


For a moment, the room fell into silence.

Xu Yuan sat cross-legged on the futon, playing with the precious porcelain cup in his hand with lowered eyes, speechless for a long time.

The personal experience made him understand why the original body was so sensitive and liked impotent rage so much.

His status is indeed very high, but it is just an empty shelf.

Whether the following people listen to you or not depends entirely on their own mood.

The most important thing is that you have nothing to do with these people.

Sue?

If you don't help me find a woman, you go to sue? Ha ha.

certainly,

You can beat them madly, and the people under your hands really dare not fight back, but fighting will only make your hands hurt.

The difference in cultivation does not depend on your identity.

After thinking for a moment, Xu Yuan sighed, and suddenly smiled:

"Xue Yong, twenty-two years old, the peak of the sixth-rank iron body, and entering the fifth-rank is just around the corner. She seems to value you very much, very good. A young genius like you really has the capital to be proud of."


Xue Yong narrowed his eyes, a little surprised that the other party knew his cultivation.

Under Xue Yong's gaze, the third young master stood up slowly and said softly:

"But since you want to punish, that's fine..."

Xu Yuan's kung fu was running quietly, and he walked slowly towards Xue Yong with his hands behind his back.

The coquettish blood-colored source energy began to spread on the palm.

He didn't know if he could break through the defense of Xue Yong, who had already reached the pinnacle of the sixth-rank iron body, with his first-time ninth-rank cultivation base, but now the opponent should still think that he is an ordinary person, and there is a high probability that he will not be able to use the defense skills to attack suddenly. Thinking about it, it should be able to cause injury to the opponent.

He must stand up.

Otherwise, it's secondary that these subordinates who listen to the tune and don't listen to the announcement can't help, and it's more likely in the days to come.

come closer,

Xue Yong still looked indifferently at the third young master in front of him, he wanted to see the ugly appearance of the other party who was furious.

Xu Yuan smiled slightly at him, and the palm wrapped in the blood-colored energy suddenly poked out from behind!

Time seems to freeze at this moment,

Xu Yuan's hand was only halfway out,

Zhou Chen, who was carrying a wine gourd, suddenly appeared beside Xue Yong like a ghost.

He still appeared so abruptly.

"..." Xu Yuan.

Zhou Chen shook his head at him.

Then,

He casually patted Xue Yong's right arm, which was bowing his hands in salute.

The air is quiet for a moment,

Xu Yuan saw clearly that Xue Yong's eyes ranged from disdain, to astonishment, to panic.

"what!!!!!!"

A shrill scream resounded throughout the Zuixian Tower.

Huge force pushed Xue Yong to the ground, and his entire right arm was completely twisted and deformed.

Zhou Chen, who had done all this, did not change the smile on his face. He glanced at the blood-colored energy in Xu Yuan's hand, and saluted Xu Yuan with a smile:

"Congratulations to the third son for stepping into the ninth rank."

Immediately, he glanced at Xue Yong who was howling like a dead dog on the ground, and shook his head leisurely:

"A nursing home dares to be disrespectful to the third son... Tsk tsk, are the people under the fourth lady so small? Heh..."

finished speaking,

Zhou Chen looked at Xu Yuan, bent his eyes and asked casually:

"Third Young Master, is this person abolished, or killed directly?"


		