

Due to the existence of long-distance communication means, the real-time response of this world is quite strong.

The local counties and counties will summarize the major events that happened in a day to the imperial capital before the evening garrison time, and the Chaowen Department under the Hanlin Academy will select important parts for compilation overnight.

Before Mao the next day, the Chaowen Department sent the compiled report back to the various counties and counties, and the local government office posted it at the gate of the office every day at the hour of the hour, and printed it into a booklet and handed it over to bookstores in the city. Make a sale.

It is a kind of alternative morning news, and it is also the only way for most people in this world to understand the important events of their family and country.

The thickness of a newspaper is about a little thicker than the paper newspaper in the previous life, but the layout is similar.

Headlines, subtitles, and then text descriptions, and even some pictures.

Looking carefully all the way, Xu Yuan's expression became more and more strange.

Except for some northern state capitals who suffered from the annual winter cold wave and natural disasters, the rest of the Great Yan Dynasty can be summed up in four words, singing and dancing.

It cannot be said that it is completely inconsistent with the Cangyuan background he is familiar with, it can only be said that it has nothing to do with it.

After a long silence, Xu Yuan opened the curtain of the carriage and glanced at the prosperous market outside.

Small people in the market are disturbing, peddlers walk through the crowds, hawking and yelling, young men and beauties chatting and feasting while walking, and some bright pattern lights are already lit up in the dusk.

I saw it with my own eyes, it is indeed prosperous.

Withdrawing his gaze, he continued to browse, and soon, Xu Yuan found the information he was looking for.

At this time, the northern part of the Dayan Dynasty was at war.

But only in the last part of this report, there is a little space left.

"The Nine Princesses led the army to the north, defeated the barbarians at the foot of Hanbei City, and killed more than ten thousand enemies."

A very relaxed description was hurriedly passed by.

Xu Yuan put down the report, with some doubts in his eyes.

He didn't remember such a war in Cangyuan, but judging from the description in a few words, the scale of this war should be huge.

Because he had a vague impression of that Hanbei City.

Yuanshen went there once with Xu Changge when he was a child.

It was a huge military city in the northern border of Great Yan. The city was hundreds of feet high, and the majestic city walls with no end in sight were overflowing with cold air.

Looking down at a glance, there is a vast expanse of white snow and fog, just like the Great Wall of Desperation.

There are also many satellite military towns around it, which echo the main city of Hanbei and form horns with each other.

Xu Yuan vaguely remembered that Xu Changge said to him when he was still young:

"Hanbei City is the gateway to the northern provinces, once it is breached, there will be no danger to defend the plains behind, and the barbarians can disperse like locusts, causing immeasurable harm.

"Here, never lose."

And it is such an important town, which has been stormed by the barbarian soldiers more than ten years later.


Xu Yuan raised his hand and rubbed the center of his brows, calmed down his thoughts, stopped thinking about it, and said directly:

"Mr. Zhou, the war in the north...do you know about it?"

"Um?"

Zhou Chen, who was driving, heard Xu Yuan's sudden words, doubted him, thought for a while, then shook his head and said:

"I'm not very clear, Mr. Zhou has never been to the northern border, um...Young master, did you see the battle between me, Dayan, and those barbarians from the report?"

Xu Yuan nodded slightly:

"Well, I never knew about it before, but now I see it and I am a little concerned, so I ask you."

"My son is concerned about the country and the people."

Zhou Chen cupped his fists towards the back, and then smiled and said, "I really don't know the specific situation, but if you really care, my lord, you can ask the housekeeper to prepare a report from the inside of the Xiangguo Mansion after returning home. Our Xiangguo Mansion The internal report is much more detailed than the one on this thing."

"Internal reporting?" Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows.

Zhou Chen said indifferently:

"The official reports are all selected by the Chaowen Department, and many things are incomplete."


Xu Yuan understood what he said and didn't say any more.

And Zhou Chen who was driving seemed to think of something because of this topic, suddenly heaved a long sigh, took a sip of the wine gourd, and said in a rambling manner:

"Those guys from Chaowen Division have been reporting good news but not bad news. What's going on outside, don't you have any idea?"

Hearing this, Xu Yuan immediately frowned.

What's the mess?

The Jingjiang city is so prosperous, but the outside is so chaotic?

But if this is the case, it can match the plot.

After pondering for a moment, Xu Yuan asked:

"Mr. Zhou, what do you mean by "chaotic"?"


Zhou Chen glanced back at the small window on the carriage with some surprise.

Isn't it common sense that monsters and bandits are rampant in the world today?

Why does the third son not know?

But after thinking about it for a while, Zhou Chen came to his senses and smiled helplessly.

These three young masters either stayed in the Imperial Capital, or stayed in the huge Jingjiang Mansion. They almost never went out of the city. They grew up in a honeypot, and it was normal for them not to know what was going on outside.

Zhou Chen carefully chose his words and said in a low voice:

"Third Young Master, you don't know that you have been staying in Fucheng. In recent years, natural disasters and man-made disasters have never stopped in various places."

As he spoke, Zhou Chen sighed, with a slightly complicated tone:

"I was ordered to come to this Jingjiang City from the Imperial Capital earlier, and I encountered countless times of monsters attacking people along the way. I passed many villages in the air, and I could only see a pile of ruined walls and some dead bones."

Xu Yuan's heart sank:

"A monster attacking people?"

Zhou Chen explained: "It doesn't refer to those domesticated monsters that hurt people, but those that remain in the mountains."

"I know, what I mean is the people in charge of Tiansi? Isn't it their duty to harass the people with monsters?"


Zhou Chen didn't answer these words.

Pause for a while,

Seeing Zhou Chen's silence, Xu Yuan took the initiative to speak:

"Mr. Zhou has something to say, just say it directly, don't worry about it."

Seeing this, Zhou Chen was no longer silent, and smiled:

"Because the court has no money."

There was a hint of sarcasm in his laugh.

Because there is no money, there is no supervisor in Tiansi, so they can't manage it.

As for why there is no money?

Ha ha.

There was a few breaths of silence in the carriage, and it took a long time before the voice came out again:

"Mr. Zhou, can you tell me the reason? The officials are corrupt?"

When Zhou Chen heard this, he didn't care about it any more, and just said softly:

"This is just one of them."

"What's the rest?" Xu Yuan asked.

Zhou Chen didn't answer, but asked instead:

"Third Young Master, do you know how many sect properties there are in Jingjiang City?"

Xu Yuan narrowed his eyes and shook his head slightly;

"I don't know."

Zhou Chen babbled while drinking:

"Zuixian Building, Xiaoxiang Pavilion, the Monster Beast Spinning Market in the east of the city, the ten thousand hectares of fertile land outside the city...all of these are the properties of the sect.

"Hehe, the money needed to feed those sect disciples who don't have anything to do with production is several times more than the military expenditure required by the frontier army every year."

Zhou Chen's tone was leisurely, but his voice was low:

"But these sects don't need to pay taxes. What they pay attention to is paying tribute. As for how much to pay each year, hehe...they have the final say."

Xu Yuan's scalp felt faintly numb, and he probably knew it.

Because the example is right in front of you.

Zuixianlou is the property of that Mr. Qin.

And at the Tianyuan Conference back then, Xu Changge would kill Mr. Qin, which meant that he was also a member of the local sect.

At least on the surface.

As a gold-selling cave, the Zuixian Tower can make an unfathomable profit overnight.

And this is only a corner of the sect's thousands of properties, but the imperial court can't receive a single cent of this money.

The gentry in the past and ancient times were not so outrageous.

Regardless of the actual implementation, at least officially, the taxation of this group of people is only preferential treatment.

And here, these sects will not accept it directly.

I saw Xu Yuan without saying a word for a long time,

Zhou Chen cupped his hands toward the sky:

"Third son, Lord Xiangguo has repeatedly challenged the crown prince to rectify this problem, but the crown prince dismissed them on the grounds that the ancestral system cannot be changed lightly.

"I guess, it's probably because of this that Mr. Qin attacked you."


		