

Xu Yuan paused slightly, and glanced back at her.

The surface of the lake was shimmering, and the breeze gently fluttered the woman's long black hair. At this moment, the pair of peach blossom eyes that were so charming as if they could confuse people were very clear and transparent.

Xu Yuan was very satisfied with Su Jinxuan's reaction.

Compared to talking about relationships, most of the time he prefers others to talk about money.

Although talking about money hurts feelings, sometimes talking about feelings hurts both money and feelings.

The cultivation secret method of the ecstasy species is very precious, but that is only for the succubus body.

Without the demon body, no matter how precious this secret method is, it can only be used as a table to eat ashes.

"Okay, I'll remember that too, I'll wait for you to pay me back later."

"Um.."

Su Jinxuan groaned softly, a smile appeared in her beautiful eyes, and carefully put the secret method into her cuffs.

The wind and sun in the wetland lake are beautiful, and everything is so quiet. Under the warm winter sun, the two walked together, but after walking for a while, there is only a woman left by this quiet lake...

Xu Yuan left.

Although the investment was given out, he had to report to the old aunt Lou Ji in the imperial capital.

Walking all the way to the courtyard in the northwest, this time the guard on duty in the courtyard did not stop him as he remembered.

The identity of the third son is still here, and as his style has become more and more reliable these days, all the restricted areas in this mansion have been lifted from him.

Entering the empty secret room alone, the huge spherical crystal used for communication is quietly fitting in the center of the pattern on the ground.

In the past few days, Xu Yuan has used this thing a few times, but he has no idea how to activate it.

This communication formation is cumbersome, but it is indeed very simple to activate.

Walking to the middle of the empty secret room, Xu Yuan put his hand on the surface of the spherical crystal.

next moment,

Hum——

There was a buzzing sound, and a white light diffused from the inside of the spherical crystal, and the complicated patterns on the ground were lit up like water flowing into a canal.

After counting breaths,

The light disappeared, and the ball that was originally close to the ground slowly floated into the air.

Looking at the picture in front of him, Xu Yuan let out a sigh of relief.

Sometimes, he really marvels at the technology tree of this world, maybe after thousands of years of development, they can really make an alternative portable phone for cultivating immortals.

The array has been activated, and the next step is to "dial".

After fiddling for about a minute, Xu Yuan took his hands back from the surface of the source crystal and began to sit cross-legged to adjust his breath.

It is very troublesome to make calls in this world, after all, it is impossible for the other party to stay by the communication line in real time.

In this secret room, I sat cross-legged for half an hour.

A female voice suddenly sounded:

"It's been a long wait, and Chang Tian is willing to take the initiative to communicate with my sister."

The voice echoed in the quiet and empty secret room, as if it was so charming that it could squeeze out water.

Hearing the sound, Xu Yuan slowly opened his eyes, and subconsciously reproduced the appearance of the other party in his mind.

To be honest, if you just look at appearance and personality, this Lou Ji is more like Su Jinxuan than Su Jinxuan.

Su Jinxuan always likes to wear white plain clothes to cover up her proud figure in her spare time, and this Lou Ji wears a low-cut dress and wanders around in Xiangguo's mansion every day, which is a perfect restoration of the dressing style of Lihua in her previous life.

A very charming, very demonic viper.

certainly,

The femme fatale refers to the protagonist of the plot.

In the current prison of the Blackscale Guard, several of his uncles and aunts who were captured alive are still locked up. Because of the physical strength of the Primordial Realm, she is basically responsible for all the criminal laws.

The fearsome leader of the black scale guard.

But that was an outsider, and Lou Ji had always treated him very well.

From childhood to adulthood.

She once did not hesitate to damage her original qi and regress her realm, but also wanted to use her exercises to help him forcibly cut down the marrow of the Book of Changes.

It's just a pity that it failed.

And that failure directly cast a psychological shadow on him who was still young.

It hurts so much.

He who has never practiced does not understand these things, he just thinks that this woman is vicious and wants to torture him...

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan said softly:

"Aunt Lou..."

"Call me sister~" Lou Ji spoke softly, smiling.

"Okay, Aunt Lou."


Lou Ji was silent for a second, then giggled:

"Chang Tian is really not good, it looks like I have to teach you a lesson when you return to the Imperial Capital~"

"Whatever you want." Xu Yuan said.

"Tsk, it's getting less and less cute."

"cough."

Xu Yuan coughed lightly and brought the topic back to normal:

"I have given Su Jinxuan the secret method of the demon body."

Lou Ji's charming voice sounded a bit appetizing:

"I know, you asked Ying'er to come to me to ask for that thing, didn't you just want to give it to that foxy girl."

Because of his memory, Xu Yuan had gotten used to the other party's tone, so he asked directly, "Isn't it somewhat inappropriate for you to call me Hu Meizi?"

Lou Ji didn't pay attention to his words, her tone was still smiling:

"I'm not a demon body, why can't I call her Hu Meizi? You've only known her for a few days, and you've started to speak for her. Sister, I'm very sad~"

talking,

There was a trace of resentment in her tone:

"The market price is 50,000 taels of secret method. I will give it to you, because my sister has been recited by that old man Hua Hong for a day. Let me, the Black Scaled Guard, accompany him to the Tianan Chamber of Commerce for 50,000 taels."

Hua Hong, one of his father's confidantes.

The president of the Tianan Chamber of Commerce always wears a pair of pedantic mirrors like an old master.

The ultimate money junkie.

"Then did you pay?" Xu Yuan asked with a smile.

Hearing this question, Lou Ji was quiet for two seconds, and suddenly snorted coldly: "Compensation? Compensation for what? My black scale guard's money is all in exchange for life, why should I pay?"

Xu Yuan understood instantly when he heard the words.

The economies of these forces under the father's men are relatively independent.

Probably only when there is a loss, will his father or the uncle of the staff dispatch to fill the vacancy.

As for where the Black Scale Guard's money comes from...

No matter which world or dynasty it is in, intelligence business is a hugely profitable business.

And looking at Ying'er's taciturn character, Xu Yuan felt that the Black Scale Guard was still doing the business of killers.

Thinking about it, Xu Yuan came back to his senses.

Then,

He found that the fearsome head of the black-scaled guard on the opposite side was still thinking about it like a resentful woman:

"...I, the Black Scale Guard, help Tian'an Chamber of Commerce to integrate information every day and investigate the inside story. If the Tianan Chamber of Commerce doesn't give me a commission, it's fine, and he still owes the information amount. Now he dares to ask me for money instead.

"Heh, I'll pay you fifty thousand taels for the one thousand taels, and he, the old Bidden, has the nerve to say so."

Xu Yuan could feel the old aunt's long-accumulated resentment from tens of thousands of miles away.

paused,

He took a deep breath and suddenly said:

"Chang Tian, ​​sister is right?"

The corners of Xu Yuan's eyes twitched slightly, he coughed lightly, and agreed:

"Yes, it's too dark."

No selfishness, all emotion.

Today, the Tianan Chamber of Commerce is as dark as in the previous life.

One thousand taels of secret method, buy fifty thousand taels, fifty times the huge profits.

"Giggle~"

Hearing Xu Yuan's agreeable answer, Lou Ji's voice over there became very happy, and said with a smile:

"Chang Tian is the most obedient, you are looking for my sister, I should have other things, right? Do you want pills or information? Or you can tell my sister if you want to kill someone~"

Lou Ji's obsession with the word "sister" seems to run deep.

Xu Yuan hesitated a little, but still refused:

"No, I want to ask the Blackscale Guard how to deal with Qin Weijiu."

"Ah~ this..." Lou Ji's charming voice dragged on.

"Can't you say it?" Xu Yuan frowned.

"I'll tell you when I call my sister~" Lou Ji laughed.

"..." Xu Yuan.

"Okay, don't bark if you don't bark, why don't you talk." Lou Ji's tone was resentful, she liked to tease each other.

Pausing for a few breaths, seeing that the other party has not spoken, the smile in Lou Ji's tone gradually subsided:

"Actually, if you don't mention this matter for a long time, I will come to you after a while and ask you a question."

"Auntie, ask."

"..." Lou Ji.

Lou Ji snorted softly: "Cough, are you willing to give up that Phantom Body?"

Xu Yuan was a little surprised when he heard this: "Auntie, why did you say that?"

"..." Lou Ji.

Lou Ji hummed again, and Lou Ji's voice remained the same:

"If you're willing, sister, I'm going to send her to be an undercover agent. She might die."

In this case, the amount of information is a bit large.

Xu Yuan had always thought that Xu Changge came to Jingjiang mansion here specially to kill Qin Weijiu, but now it seems that he is not.

If she killed him, Su Jinxuan would naturally not be able to go back.

After thinking for a few breaths, Xu Yuan asked instead of answering:

"Is there someone behind Qin Weijiu?"

"Um?"

Lou Ji doubted, her voice sounded a bit surprised, but she smiled happily; "It seems that we have become smarter for a long time. Over the past month, our Black Scale Guards have found some clues, Qin Weijiu may not be the final people."

"No more?" Xu Yuan continued to ask.

Lou Ji's voice was somewhat helpless: "Changtian, the situation in the Imperial Capital is very complicated now, and we have no time to worry about it. We can only find out this little thing without alarming the other party. If we want to continue, we can only use some other means. .”

"Is that so..." Xu Yuan understood clearly after hearing the words.

"So Changtian, are you willing?" Lou Ji asked again, as if she really cared about his thoughts.

"certainly."

Xu Yuan smiled when he heard this.

His investment in the other party is not for charity.

A thousand miles begins with a single step.

From wolves like Lou Ji and Hua Hong to grassroots ruthless people like Zhou Chen, they were all cultivated step by step by his father.

It's just that I didn't expect that the other party would be used so soon after the investment was given out.

After a pause, Xu Yuan reminded softly:

"But it's better to look at her own wishes."

Willing undercover and forced undercover are two completely different concepts.

Lou Ji replied with a smile:

"Don't worry, I have already asked her through Ying'er before, and she said she is willing."

Xu Yuan was speechless.

On such a big matter, Lou Ji asked him, as expected, it was just a formality, and she had already started to act secretly.

Xu Yuan didn't care about this, but continued to remind:

"Aunt Lou, Su Jinxuan's temper doesn't seem to be suitable for internal response."

Xu Yuan was telling the truth.

This succubus lady doesn't look very smart.

In the carriage, he got a lot of information out of a few words.

And I don't know how to hide some inner feelings.

It is easy to be caught as an insider.

"Not suitable for internal response?"

Lou Ji laughed lightly when she heard the words: "Don't worry, things like personality and speaking skills can be trained."

"Teaching?" Xu Changtian raised his eyebrows.

Lou Ji's voice was bewitching; "Changtian, if you are interested, I can ask Yinger to take you to try it too. Then you will always call me sister in the future, cluck cluck~"

Xu Yuan shuddered: "Forget it."

Still the same sentence, professional things are left to professional people to do.

Lou Ji laughed enough, and suddenly exhorted:

"By the way, even though Su Jinxuan has already agreed, you'd better ask her about this matter yourself."

"Why?" Xu Yuan didn't react for a while.

There was a trace of anger in Lou Ji's voice:

"Changtian, you really don't understand women's hearts. If you don't ask, that Hu Meizi will be sad. By then, she may become my Blackscale Guard~"


Xu Yuan realized that the old aunt was asking him to cultivate a direct descendant.

Just like his father and her Lou Ji.

"Thank you." Xu Yuan said seriously.

"Don't thank me, call me sister." Lou Ji's resentment was really deep.

"Okay, sister." Xu Yuan agreed to her wish.

Lou Jijiao laughed even happier when she heard her sister's word:

"Okay, good boy, Changtian, do you have anything else to ask?"

Xu Yuan was silent for a few breaths, and suddenly asked:

"Do you know that Qin Weijiu wanted me to snipe and kill Qin Mo?"

"Of course I know, that little bastard left in the burial village." Lou Ji chuckled lightly, "My original idea was to follow suit, kill that Qin Mo, and take the opportunity to send Su Jinxuan back to Qin Weijiu, but you My brother denied it, saying that it might put you in danger, and everything will be discussed when he arrives."

"..." Xu Yuan.

Fortunately, Xu Changge didn't agree, otherwise he would have to find a reason to shirk.

He didn't want to go through the gate of hell according to the plot.

"But if he refuses, how will Qin Weijiu explain it?"

Lou Ji's voice was light and light:

"Don't worry, the reason has already been sent to him, saying that you have a secret protective spirit on your body, and you can't fully control it yet."

Xu Yuan said softly: "If that's the case, then it's fine."

After finishing the business chat, Lou Ji didn't hang up in a hurry, instead she asked with a smile:

"Don't worry, sister still has something to ask you."

"Auntie, you ask." Xu Yuan resumed his original address.


Lou Ji snorted softly and asked:

"I heard from Ying'er that you haven't been to places like Zuixian Tower recently?"

"Hmm." Xu Yuan said.

"why?"

"Why?" Xu Yuan asked back.

Lou Ji's voice was laughing:

"Don't you miss your little ladies?"

"Of course I do."

Xu Yuan said truthfully: "But I feel that cultivation is more interesting now. Only when the cultivation base becomes stronger can we avoid the recurrence of the previous things."


Lou Ji was silent suddenly.

The two life-and-death crises really changed Chang Tian a lot...

Sighing, she said softly:

"Chang Tian, ​​don't worry so much, just take a rest once in a while, even if something happens, we elders will support you."

"But I was still tricked." Xu Yuan said.

Lou Ji suddenly broke her guard:

"Tsk, I'll go to Hua Hong's old Bideng to discuss it. Let's ask Mr. Xiangguo to bring you to the Imperial Capital tomorrow. With such a chaotic situation, what's the point of throwing you in Jingjiang?"

Wishing warmly in his heart, he persuaded: "Auntie, this is a compromise between my father and Marquis Wu Cheng. That princess probably doesn't want to see me for the time being."

"Ugh...."

Lou Ji sighed, not very interested: "Okay, when Changge passes by, he should make adjustments to your safety, is there anything else?"

"Have."

"what?"

Xu Yuan coughed lightly:

"Cough, sister, I want the most comprehensive internal reference for the northern war."


		