

After repeated wandering and entanglement, Su Jinxuan, who had made up her mind, seemed to become very straightforward:

"I can agree with the first two points, but this third point...."

paused,

Su Jinxuan narrowed her peach-blossom eyes slightly, and stared at Xu Yuan without blinking:

"You want to double cultivate with me?"

Even if the other party's sea of ​​consciousness is blocked, and most of his charm body talent is gone, this look of charm...

The ghost body is so terrifying.

Look at each other for two seconds,

Xu Yuan chuckled lightly, causing the bruise on his face to sting, and waved his hand:

"Miss Su was joking, even if you take the initiative to double cultivate with me, I don't dare to do it. I can't stand the ghost body."

Su Jinxuan lowered her eyes and picked up the tea set and fiddled with it for a while, then a small smile suddenly appeared on the corner of her lips:

"Oh... I'm sorry you don't have the guts."

"..." Xu Yuan's fist suddenly hardened.

After Su Jinxuan poured herself a cup of tea:

"Xu Changtian, do you want to use my ecstasy to cultivate your magic skills?"

"Smart." Xu Yuan gave her a thumbs up.

Ecstasy species, the scientific name of the spores that Su Jinxuan used to control his body in this world.

Su Jinxuan took a sip of the tea in the cup, her tone could not hear any emotion:

"It will be difficult for an ordinary person's mind and soul to be regained after being eaten by you, but my ecstasy species is different. As long as I have enough cultivation and resources, my sea of ​​consciousness can condense by itself. Do you know this?"

"Of course." Xu Yuan said.

It is recorded in the classics, and Xu Yuan is not clear about the specific details, but it is indeed as recorded in the classics from Su Jinxuan.

At the beginning, Su Jinxuan was sucked into a coma by him on the bed, her little face was pale, but when he led her out of the secret room ten days later, the other party's face had returned to normal.

If the opponent cooperates, that kind of enchanted species will be the best nourishment for him to refine his soul.

Su Jinxuan smiled, her voice was soft and hoarse:

"You...want to use me as a cauldron?"

Xu Yuan smiled and shook his head:

"Su Jinxuan, what you said is a bit harsh. Don't you have any intention of repaying me for helping me so much?"


Su Jinxuan didn't speak, her beautiful eyes were full of disdain.

Xu Yuan knocked on the tea tray and spoke righteously:

"You got caught trying to mind control me, it's a vendetta.

"With a death feud, I will help you find out the truth about the death of your relatives back then. This is a great favor.

"Next, my Prime Minister's Mansion will help you kill that Qin Weijiu. Don't Miss Su think that you should take some practical actions to make up for your mistakes and my kindness to you?"


Su Jinxuan was silent for two seconds, and then let out a long breath, with a hint of amusement in her voice:

"You are so skillful in stealing concepts, Xu Changtian, I have never seen such a shameless person like you."

"Thank you for the compliment."

"It's not a compliment."

"I accept it as a compliment."

"Surely shameless."

"thanks."

"..." Su Jinxuan.

Xu Yuan knocked on the tea tray, met the contempt in her eyes, and said with a smile:

"Although it's a sneaky change of concept, is what I said wrong?"

Su Jinxuan glanced at him, neither cold nor indifferent:

"So I didn't intend to reject you."

"Ah......"

heard that,

The corners of Xu Yuan's lips grinned, and a small jade bottle appeared in his palm when he turned his palm over.

Through the translucent body of the bottle, five elixirs can be faintly displayed in it.

Putting the little jade bottle on the tea tray, Xu Yuan smiled lightly and said:

"Take it, this elixir has a lot of benefits in warming and nourishing the mind and soul."

Su Jinxuan narrowed her eyes when she saw the pill, and her dark pupils narrowed slightly after recognizing the type:

"This is... the Soul Purifying Pill?"

A look of surprise flashed in Xu Yuan's eyes: "You know him?"

Although Xu Yuanhe was drinking the whole bottle of Guangling Pill, ordinary cultivators couldn't touch it at all, and they wouldn't even hear the name.

Su Jinxuan restrained her eyes and said softly:

"I took two pills when I used the secret method to open up the sea of ​​consciousness. Are you sure you want to give this to me?"

Xu Yuan smiled slightly:

"I, Xu Changtian, have never been mean to my own people."

Su Jinxuan's eyes hesitated:

"Am I counted as one of my own?"

"My prisoners are naturally my own."

"..." Su Jinxuan.

After putting down the jade bottle, Xu Yuan got up slowly, walked towards the outside of the wing, and said:

"Ying'er will come to help you unlock your Sea of ​​Consciousness, and she will ask you about Qin Weijiu in person, just tell her directly."

"Then practice..."

"Come to my room tonight."



Xu Yuan was not optimistic that Ying'er could find anything useful from Su Jinxuan.

It doesn't mean that Su Jinxuan can't tell the truth, but that the information she knows is too limited.

For the former Su Jinxuan, Qin Weijiu was the benefactor who rescued her from hell, but Qin Weijiu had a clear relationship with the two of them in his heart, and it was unlikely that she would be exposed to some core secrets.

Of course, this is not absolute.

Su Jinxuan has lived in her mansion for more than ten years and enjoys the treatment of a young lady. Perhaps some chances can still allow Su Jinxuan to get in touch with some important information.

After all, she is a succubus.

Some ordinary managers may inadvertently reveal some important information that they think is not important.

For example, Mr. Qin met someone on a certain day and so on.

It's just that these things are uncertain. Instead of believing in this, it is better to believe in the professionalism of the Black Scale Guard.

So compared to this, Xu Yuan actually paid more attention to using Su Jinxuan to deliver fake news to Qin Weijiu.

If this card is used properly, it can directly trap Qin Weijiu to the eighteenth floor of the ground.

But these things have nothing to do with Xu Yuan for the time being.

There is a specialization in surgery, and Xu Yuan does not intend to intervene in the plan against Qin Weijiu.

Professional things should be done by professional people. It is taboo for an outsider to command an expert at any time, not to mention that this matter is related to his life now.

time passed day by day,

Xu Yuan became more and more proficient in using the Blood Yuan Heart Falling Art.

For those who practice Qiyi, it is really a test of state of mind during the battle, the state of mind that does not change face when Mount Tai collapses.

At least you can't be scared by opening the door to kill.

The situation of the battle is changing rapidly, and those who practice qi need to urge the source qi to operate according to the specific meridian of the exercise to rub their skills.

It's okay that the current strength is low, if it waits until the strength rises. As long as the meridians of some complicated moves go wrong, it may not be necessary to face to face, and you will go off the fire first and explode yourself.

Xu Yuan's current actual combat training is mainly to overcome this.

Be graceful under pressure.

like now,

On the edge of the martial arts stage,

Xu Yuan's arms protecting his torso were deftly flipped away by the burly woman on the opposite side, and the middle door opened wide in an instant. Before he could adjust, a whip kicked towards the heads of the three young masters mixed with the sound of breaking through the air. .

With Zhou Chen watching from the side, these eighth-rank nursing homes would not hold back at all.

In an instant, the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art was running at high speed, and with a surge of blood-colored energy, a thin layer of blood-colored mirror condensed on the side of Xu Yuan's head.

It worked.

Just like the Bingyun step in Ran Qingmo's exercise,

Blood mirror, one of the body protection moves that can be used in the eighth-level realm of the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art.

The next moment, the woman's long, muscular legs kicked heavily on the bloody mirror.

"Crack--"

With a crisp sound, the strong force on the woman's legs directly cracked Xu Yuan's blood mirror that had just condensed.

Before the woman had time to carry out the next attack, Xu Yuan's energy was surging, and several blood-colored mirrors had already condensed.

The woman concentrated her energy and threw out several powerful punches one after another, but they were all blocked by these strange blood mirrors, and they couldn't hurt the third son at all.

Seeing the scene before him, Xu Yuan felt an inexplicable joy in his heart.

After nearly a month of hand-to-hand combat with this group of big muscle fighters, he finally looked a little like a master of Qi.

This is called cultivating immortals!

As soon as the thought came up, the soul that protruded suddenly felt a burst of heart palpitations.

Triple collapse!

The muscles of the strong woman's left arm suddenly bulged with blue veins, and she stepped forward suddenly.

The characteristic martial arts slab was dented with a "bang".

Immediately afterwards, a suffocating punch hit the blood mirror on Xu Yuan's chest.

see this scene,

Grandmaster Zhou yawned with drooping eyelids.

The eyes of the guards who watched around were more or less stunned.

Dare to use martial arts against the third son?

Go crazy.

Xu Yuan quickly restrained his mind and tried his best to run the exercises.

"Snapped--"

With a crisp sound, the first blood mirror shattered like a piece of paper.

Followed by the second, third, fourth...

After being weakened layer by layer by the bloody little mirror, the woman's fist finally stagnated at the position close to Xu Yuan's chest...

silence for a moment,

boom!

A streak of blood shot out from the air, hitting the burly woman's lower abdomen, and the exhausted woman flew upside down from the martial arts platform.

Standing alone on the martial arts platform, I felt a little bit of the feeling just now.

If it wasn't for the fact that his source of energy was far superior to these warriors, he might have overturned the car just now.

He is not the only person in this world who has martial arts skills.

At this point in his mind, Xu Yuan sighed slightly, and said in a deep voice:

"Continue, next."


After gradually breaking away from hand-to-hand combat, Xu Yuan's actual combat ability immediately soared by an octave.

However, it was precisely because of this that the Nursing Academy gradually stopped relying on fists and kicks, and would directly greet Xu Yuan's head with all kinds of martial arts whenever they had the opportunity.

But the Blood Origin Heart Falling Art is worthy of the blood-color level of skills, powerful and treacherous.

"boom!"

Knocking a strong man out of the arena, Xu Yuan was about to continue, but he saw a beautiful figure beside the arena besides Su Jinxuan who came to visit the class every day.

Shadow is here.

After looking at each other, Xu Yuan also stopped his movements, leaving behind the sentence "Those who played just now, each with a bone tempering pill" and jumped off the ring.

Coming to Ying'er, Xu Yuan asked:

"What's up?"

Ying'er handed Xu Yuan a small notebook, and said in a low voice:

"This is the secret method given to you by Lord Lou Ji."

"So fast?"

Xu Yuan raised his eyebrows, took a rough look at this precious secret technique, and put it in the Xumi ring:

"Is there anything else?"

"Yes." Ying'er nodded, and said in a low voice: "The eldest son has arrived in Kaifeng City, and it will probably take a few days to arrive in Jingjiang."

"Is it."

Xu Yuan felt a little relieved.

Counting the time, Qin Mo will soon be out of the secret dungeon, and maybe he can take that big brother to block the protagonist of the plot if he has a chance.

After briefly reporting the matter, Ying'er disappeared without waiting for Xu Yuan to speak.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan smacked his lips.

These days, Ying'er's attitude towards her has changed a lot, but generally she is still not very obedient.

Now every time he wants to smack her, this woman will avoid her without a trace.

As for that Si Ziyu, Xu Yuan hadn't seen anyone else much in the past few days.

The uncle Zhou Chen is still the most down-to-earth.

Grand Master Zhijing followed him as a follower every day, and he didn't feel ashamed at all.

Thinking about it, I smiled.

He didn't intend to continue practicing martial arts, so he turned his eyes to look at the two women under the long corridor next to the martial arts arena.

Su Jinxuan in white plain clothes and the maid who prepared for her.

Since the cooperation was reached, Su Jinxuan was allowed to move freely in this huge Xu Mansion.

Recently, this woman would come here to watch him perform martial arts every afternoon.

don't speak,

Every time he ends here, the succubus lady also leaves.

And today was no exception, seeing that Xu Yuan was no longer performing martial arts, the two beautiful figures over there also got up and walked towards the outside of the Wu Xuan Yuan.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan hesitated a little, and chose to follow for the first time.

come near,

"What is it?"

Su Jinxuan, who was dressed in plain white, had a rather light voice.

Due to Xu Yuan's hard work in pumping every night, her complexion is not very rosy, but a little sickly and delicate.

Although the fascinated species will automatically condense, the speed is not as fast as Xu Yuan's devouring.

Xu Yuan didn't speak, but glanced at the little maid beside him.

The little maid saluted immediately, and retreated more than ten meters away in a sensible way.

Seeing this, Xu Yuan pointed to the stone road ahead, motioning to talk while walking.

Su Jinxuan nodded slightly.


The Xu Mansion's mansion is really big. Beyond the courtyards where the servants live, there is a pure wetland lake.

The winter lake breeze was a little cool on her face, curling her long hair scattered behind her.

Sometimes you can call an explosive game plan a dog's brain, but you must never question the XP sense of art.

The ancient costumes in this world are not as bloated as in the previous life, with a bit of the beauty of self-cultivation in modern design.

Under the white plain clothes, the woman's slim curves are faintly visible.

In the silence, Xu Yuan broke the silence:

"You don't have to come to my room tonight."

Su Jinxuan glanced sideways at Xu Yuan when she heard the words, her eyes were a little surprised:

"Why?"

Xu Yuan shrugged, he must pay attention to sustainable development:

"In the past half month, your body has become weaker and weaker. Rest for a few days before continuing."

Su Jinxuan heard a pair of beautiful eyes with a smile of unknown meaning:

"Then Jinxuan will thank Young Master for taking pity on me."

Xu Yuan chuckled lightly when he heard the words: "Su Jinxuan, you should call me Xu Changtian. You call me Xu Changtian every time you call me a young master, making me panic."

"Okay." The corners of Su Jinxuan's lips curled slightly, and she agreed quite simply: "Is there anything else you can do with me?"

Xu Yuan looked at the sparkling lake:

"Are you coming to see me perform martial arts these days?"

Practicing at night, the two basically didn't say a word.

Entering the house, the ecstasy species attaches, Xu Yuan refines the soul, and when the matter is over, leave.

It has been tacitly never mentioned this matter.

Su Jinxuan lowered her beautiful eyes, trying to stare at her toes but couldn't see:

"Nothing to do, just wander around."

Xu Yuan didn't care, and asked casually:

"After watching for so many days, how do you think my strength compares to that of Qin Mo's?"

Hearing this, Su Jinxuan froze for a moment, glanced sideways at Xu Yuan, and said with a hint of ridicule in her voice:

"Xu Changtian, are you enjoying yourself?"

Xu Yuan was dumbfounded when he heard the words; "It's up to you to understand it, maybe it is."

Su Jinxuan chuckled, recalled a little, and said very seriously;

"Well... I don't know if he can reverse the seventh rank, but he should be invincible among the same rank. If you meet him now, you may die if you meet him."


		