

escape?

Xu Yuan paused in his footsteps and froze on the spot, looking back in astonishment at the eyes of the huge Buddha head that were gradually dimming in the darkness.

Some details that had been overlooked just now came to mind, and Xu Yuan seemed to suddenly understand something.

The reality is not anime and movies. If the enemy can sneak attack and kill you, it is impossible to wait for you to find him with POSS.

However, this giant Buddha did not attack directly after he came to him quietly, and did not choose to fight the woman in black until he hid on the edge of the Buddhist hall.

The rain outside the temple was still pattering, and the air inside the temple seemed to be so cold that it could freeze.

The third son...

Xu Yuan looked down at his extremely frail body, and suddenly let out a long breath.

The name given to him by the giant Buddha, the state of this body, and what happened just now gave him a vague guess about the world he traveled through this time.

so similar.

What happened just now is almost exactly the same as one of the plots of a 2D pixel game "Cangyuan" he once played.

The giant Buddha, the ruined temple, the young man in brocade robe, and the woman dressed in black as ice.

It's just that the original 2D pixel style was directly transformed into a first-person real-life perspective, and Xu Yuan, who had just traveled through it, couldn't connect the two for a while.

But now the giant Buddha's words of "Third Young Master" suddenly woke him up.

He became the third son of the prime minister's family.

In "Cangyuan", the worst third son who was killed 25 times in different ways in the 25 world lines.

But after realizing this, Xu Yuan's originally tense heart relaxed slightly, and he looked forward.

Time seemed to slow down for a moment, and the rainwater falling from the eaves splashed silver lines in the darkness.

With eyes adapted to the darkness, Xu Yuan could vaguely see the Miaoman figure walking towards him.

The woman's footsteps are light, but clearly audible.

The darkness of the Buddhist hall spread quickly, and the cold wind howled on a rainy night.

Finally, Xu Yuan met the eyes of the woman in black shining quietly in the darkness.

"You are..."

A male voice as leisurely and warm as water resounded in the darkness.

Just by listening to the voice, one can imagine that this is a gentleman as elegant as jade.

The bodies of these three sons should look good.

Thinking about these messes, Xu Yuan continued:

"...Ran Qingmo?"

Before the words finished, a cold light flashed across the woman's quiet eyes.

But after seeing the chilling coldness in the opponent's eyes, Xu Yuan completely relaxed.

He guessed right, this is the world in that game.

The situation in front of him was in line with the plot he knew, and Xu Yuan immediately recalled that the purpose of the big ice lump in front of him was to catch him, not kill him.

Because the opponent still needs to use him to "persuade" his boss father who is about to start a war.

No matter how he will die in the future, but at this moment Xu Yuan's temporary life threat is lifted, and the pressure drops sharply.

look at each other for a few seconds,

The coldness in the eyes of the woman in black faded little by little, she turned around, and said in a flat tone:

"Follow."

Xu Yuan realized that the other party was about to move and run away.

The corpses outside and the "spiritual Buddha" in the temple are all under the father of this body. Although the woman did not survive under the sword, it is obvious that this place can't stay for long.

But the other party wanted to leave, but Xu Yuan absolutely couldn't just follow the other party away.

The game "Cangyuan" can have many different endings due to the different choices made by the players. There are several lines in it.

Although the method of death in these lines has been briefly mentioned, it is indeed dead.

So Xu Yuan stood still, staring at the back of the other party in the dark, and his voice was as loud and flat as possible:

"Mr. Ran, do you know what you are doing now?"

Mr. Ran is the honorific name given to Ran Qingmo by the protagonist in "Cangyuan".


Xu Yuan's sudden speech seemed to be somewhat unexpected by the woman in black.

The woman stopped in her footsteps, and Xu Yuan, who was behind her, was covered in goosebumps by her serene and knife-like gaze.

She didn't speak, just stood quietly in the dark and looked at him.

It didn't feel good to be looked at by this big ice lump, Xu Yuan repeatedly recalled the plot of the game in his mind, and confirmed that it was impossible for the other party to kill him at this point in the plot.

she repeats:

"Follow."

Xu Yuan maintained his composure and paused word by word:

"You won't kill me."

With a casual move, Ran Qingmo sucked a thick and long wooden stick from the ground.

Holding the wooden stick, she stood there and stared at Xu Yuan quietly.

"..." Xu Yuan.

Taking a deep breath, he followed behind the woman.

Xu Yuan showed a calm look on the surface, and said slowly:

"Mr. Ran, it doesn't make any sense for you to catch me."

Ran Qingmo still didn't speak, and walked silently towards the outside of the temple with a sword in one hand and a wooden stick in the other.

Xu Yuan tried his best to maintain a single tone:

"A person like my father will not change his decision because of my life or death."

Ran Qingmo finally spoke softly at this time, his voice was still so light:

"What do you want to say?"

The rain outside the temple was still falling, and the rain hit the eaves and fell continuously, splashing ripples in the puddles.

When Xu Yuan heard the other party finally speak, he immediately replied:

"Naturally, you are talking about your purpose of arresting me."

As he spoke, he smiled slightly:

"Mr. Ran, you arrested me to save the 40,000 disciples of Jianzong..."

Hum————

Before the words fell, the time in the temple seemed to freeze.

The killing chill suddenly rose, and a hurricane spread out centered on the woman in an instant, blowing Xu Yuan's robe sleeves to rattle!

The invisible colossal pressure radiated from the woman's silhouette hidden in the darkness little by little. Just standing there made Xu Yuan almost want to kneel down.

Xu Yuan was forced to take two steps back, clenched his hands hidden in the wide sleeves, and supported the wooden pillar on the side to forcefully stabilize his figure.

In the darkness, the cold murderous intent emanating from the woman made his hair stand on end.

Xu Yuan was caught off guard by such a turn of events. He didn't understand why Ran Qingmo would react so strongly to his words.

Lightning and Flint,

Quickly recalling the game plot in his mind, Xu Yuan suddenly realized that he seemed to have said something wrong.

The prime minister's destruction of the Tianyuan Sword Sect is a major event that he, a "player", should know about.

But for people in this world, this matter is still in the planning stage, and it is a secret within a secret. The only people who know about it are his cheap daddy and his most trusted confidantes.

At this point in time,

The head of Jianzong is still the noble national teacher of the Dayan Dynasty, and he is still an old friend who has worked with his prime minister for decades.

Lord Xiangguo wants to destroy Jianzong, if he says it, even the head of Jianzong himself may not believe it.

Although this original body is the prime minister's third son-in-law, it is impossible for him to know such secrets at this point in time with his dandy style who is proficient in eating, drinking, whoring and gambling.

Cen Cen broke out in a cold sweat.

It's over.

At this time Ran Qingmo turned around completely, a pair of pupils glowed with a blue light in the darkness, and as he walked towards Xu Yuan, he drew out the blade in his hand:

"how do you know?"


		