

Three days later, Li Ergou got married.

There is no such thing as three engagements and six gifts, everything is kept simple.

At the wedding banquet, the woman came with a small number of relatives.

There are fewer people on the groom's side.

Li Ergou had only one friend, Lu Changan, who helped usher him there.

The other four Xianmiao came over to make up the number.

To show their affection, Lu Changan and several Xian Miao followed suit.

These fairy seedlings are so poor that they can only send some worldly gold and silver, or small items with them.

Lu Changan sent a handwritten note.

It's called "Secrets of Locking the Dragon".

It's not a celestial technique, but a secret technique in the room.

In addition to enhancing the ability in that area, it can also lock up more Yuanyang Qi, so that it will not be hollowed out by beauty.

"In this life, I shouldn't need "Secrets of Locking the Dragon"."

Lu Changan was determined in his heart.

In his last life, he came from a family of immortal cultivators. He couldn't help himself, had many wives and concubines, and left behind many heirs.

In the early days, the help of the Xiuxian family was indeed great.

But at a certain level, the family and heirs will become a drag.

For the sake of his family and children, his energy was involved, and sometimes he had to fall into a vortex, fighting with others for profit.


Li Ergou moved quickly.

Two months after their marriage, his wife Mu Qing became pregnant.

The head of the family, Mu Maode, learned of it and immediately gave him a big reward.

Rewards include a low-grade magic weapon, a set of magic robes, thirty spiritual stones, two bottles of Qi Yang Dan, sixty catties of spiritual rice...

Such a generous reward made other fairy seedlings jealous.

Rao even Lu Changan was a little moved.

He now only has three and a half spirit stones and one inferior magic weapon.

"Patriarch Mu is setting an example and wants me to follow suit."

Lu Chang's heart is like a mirror.

Patriarch Mu said that the first to give birth to an heir, and the first to give birth to a spiritual root heir, will have extra rewards.

Immediately, Xianmiao, who was still hesitating, couldn't sit still, and rushed to marry a wife and have children!

It's just that the reward for the people behind is less than one-third of Li Ergou's.

After Li Ergou visited some time.

Lu Chang'an learned that Ergou's wife is the grandniece of the patriarch Mu Maode.

Therefore, his role as the first to give birth to an heir was rewarded generously.

"This kid, foolish people have foolish blessings."

Lu Changan felt emotional in his heart.

There must be many descendants of the Patriarch, and a grandniece is not too important.

Lu Changan speculated that because Li Ergou has no background, no culture, and simple mind, this kind of person is easy to be subdued.

The Mu family considers to truly absorb this son-in-law as a part of the family.

On the other hand, Lu Changan.

With a firm mind and experience in the world, it is difficult to really subdue him.

Even if he is as active in giving birth as Ergou, he will not be truly cultivated.


A year and a half later.

The fairy seedlings who came to Mu's family all married wives and had children, and they integrated into Feiyue Lake Mu's family as members of other tribes.

Except Lu Changan.

So far, he has not wavered, and has been practicing hard work in closed doors.

Although he seldom goes out, the young woman of the Mu family knows the rumors about him.

Some people say that Lu Chang'an has middle-grade spiritual roots, thinks very highly of himself, refuses to marry, and looks down on ordinary women from the Mu family.

In another courtyard, in the practice room.

Lu Changan, who was dressed in a white robe, sat cross-legged, practicing the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kungfu".

He is like a wooden sculpture, seemingly silent on the outside, but full of vitality and continuous mana flowing in his body.

Through the wood spirit root, the cultivation method is used to absorb the spiritual energy of the world from the outside world into the body, and finally form its own evergreen mana.

The difference between heaven and earth aura and mana is:

The aura of heaven and earth is wild.

Chaotic and uncontrollable, low-level monks cannot directly use it.

Mana is a form that a cultivator absorbs through his spiritual roots, transforms his skills, and "domesticates" the external aura into a form that he can control.

"I never expected that the cultivation speed of "Ancient Wood Evergreen Technique" would be so 'smooth'."

Lu Changan opened his eyes, his expression was not good.

There is a first-order spirit vein, which takes a year and a half.

The only three and a half spirit stones were consumed.

His cultivation has reached the peak of the first level of Qi Refining.

As early as a month ago, Li Ergou had been promoted to the second floor of Qi Refining.

One of the other four fairy seedlings also broke through.

On the contrary, Lu Changan, the middle-grade spiritual root, became the tail of the crane.

There are three reasons for this result:

The first point is that the cultivation speed of "Ancient Wood Eternal Green Art" is particularly gentle, and Lu Changan's cultivation experience in the past two lives has not increased too much.

Presumably, it offset Lu Changan's advantage in rebuilding.

The second point is that Lu Changan's medium-grade spiritual root is fire spiritual root, with a sensitivity of twenty.

However, he practiced "Ancient Wood Eternal Green Kungfu" using wood spirit roots with a sensitivity of seventeen, which is equivalent to low-grade spirit roots.

The third point is that because Lu Changan was unwilling to marry and have children with a woman from the Mu family, the resources for cultivating immortals provided by the Mu family were reduced to a minimum standard.

"Only provide the spiritual pulse dojo, the most basic cultivation method, and three catties of spiritual rice per month."

Lu Changan sighed.

This is obviously Mu Maud's method to force him to submit.

On the other hand, Li Ergou is provided with elixir for advanced cultivation every month, and the distribution of spiritual rice is as high as 30 catties.

In the "Land of Wealth Couple", wealth ranks first.

Without wealth, even if it is a high-grade spiritual root, it is impossible to advance to the foundation-building stage in this lifetime.

Faced with this "unfair" treatment, Lu Changan did not hold any resentment.

There is an old saying that one meal nourishes a benefactor, and a thousand meals nourishes an enemy.

Lu Changan never forgets his original intention, he came to the Lingmai Dojo of the Mu family for free.

Regardless of whether he took the initiative or not, the Mu family has at least been kind to him.


Another half year passed.

It has been two years since Lu Changan came to Mu's house.

On this day, in the practice room.

"The second floor of Qi Refining."

The fluctuation of mana on Lu Changan's body has risen to a higher level.

A trace of the mysterious aura that passed through the years disappeared in a flash.

"This breath..."

For the first time in this life, Lu Changan's face showed shock!

A year ago, he also had this strange feeling.

It was a kind of connotation of the cycle of the four seasons in the ancient wood, which he thought was the characteristic of the practice.

This time, the second year passed, and at the moment of promotion, this mysterious aura was captured again.

If it wasn't for his keen soul perception, I'm afraid he would have missed it.

"Could it be that the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art" will absorb the spirit of time during the process of cultivation?"

"If this is the truth, then it is completely understandable that the cultivation is gentle..."

Lu Changan suppressed the shock and excitement in his heart.

The rotation of the years is the rule between heaven and earth.

A certain kind of ancient true spirit in the legend, the ancient mythical beast, seems to feed on time.

That level of power, even the Nascent Soul stage, cannot match.

"No wonder the "Ancient Wood Eternal Green Art" can prolong life..."

Lu Changan realized that this ancient health-preserving skill is definitely not simple.

If you have a chance,

Be sure to get the second volume of Changqing Gong!

In the last life, he fought with others in the cave of "Yan Donglai", the great monk of the Nascent Soul, and obtained half a volume of "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art" in the scuffle.

The other half volume was obtained by a Daoist Jindan Daoist.

Information about that person can be found deep in the memory.

But Lu Chang'an was not sure whether the two lives were in the same world of cultivating immortals.


After being promoted to the second level of Qi Refining, Lu Changan came out to relax.

Anyway, Changqing Gong needs to absorb the energy of time, so there is no rush.

No wonder this skill can cultivate sentiment.

He went to the next yard first.

Li Ergou was teasing the children, he was very happy to see Lu Changan coming over.

"Come on, call Uncle Lu."

Li Ergou hugged his eldest son "Mu Yifan".

It's a pity that the child is only one year old, not smart, and makes a babbling sound.

The reason is that he is the eldest son.

A month ago, Li Ergou's wife Mu Qing was pregnant again.

You must know that it is not easy for a cultivator to give birth, and the higher the cultivation level, the more difficult it is.

Lu Changan suspected that the "Secrets of Locking the Dragon" he gave may have provided a boost.

Lu Changan caressed the young boy's forehead, the latter was unusually quiet and well-behaved.

A child's aptitude for cultivating immortals will not appear until he is over six years old, so he can't see it now.

"Tsk, that's strange, my Fan'er is very familiar with life."

Li Ergou was surprised.

On weekdays, the son is taken care of by the nurse of the Mu family. His father wants to practice, but he doesn't see much, and his children sometimes don't recognize him.

"Hey! Big Brother Lu has been promoted to the second level of Qi Refining. Congratulations."

Li Ergou congratulated.

"Not as fast as you."

Lu Changan was in a slightly complicated mood.

The two were originally on the same starting line.

The self who practiced in the third life was actually a peasant boy behind.

Li Ergou is two years younger than him.

"Brother Lu, I don't think there's anything wrong with joining the Mu family, why don't you think about it?"

Li Ergou doesn't know how moist life is now.

Use the Mu family's spiritual pulse dojo to enjoy the spiritual rice, pills, and exercises provided by the Mu family.

There is no need to raise a child by yourself, and there are rewards.

"Everyone has his own aspirations, you don't need to persuade me."

Lu Changan shook his head, and rejected the pills and spirit stones offered by Li Ergou.

"By the way! Brother Lu, I received a letter from Edward Lin two days ago."

Li Ergou's expression turned positive, and he handed over the child to a nanny.

"Eddie Lam?"

Lu Changan thought of the once arrogant little duke.

"Brother, do you still remember the agreement we made on the way to the Zongmen assessment?"

"Our fairy seedlings who came out of Hengshui Mansion made an agreement: no matter whether we can enter the fairy gate in the future, we will gather again in Hengshui Mansion's Juxianlou" in three years' time."

"The original agreement? How could the disciples who entered the fairy gate take it seriously!"

Lu Changan was not optimistic.

He couldn't help but recall Zhao Siyao's smart and beautiful lady.

Entering the sect is no longer at the same level.

"Haha! Big brother takes people lightly. Lin Yi said in the letter that Zhao Siyao promised to attend the party and did not break his promise."

Li Ergou grinned, very pleased.


		