

Liang State has a vast territory, with a total of thirty-two prefectures.

Each prefecture has six to eight counties under its jurisdiction, and each county includes more than ten counties.

Of course, the above does not include the blessed land of Xianjia.

The spirit horse is very fast.

In less than a month, the two arrived at Hengshui Mansion.

Hengshui City is the political center of a prefecture, surrounded by three rivers and surrounded by five lakes, with well-developed water resources.

In order to lead the way into the city, Li Ergou took out the token of the young master.

"Brother Lu, Brother Li!"

Not long after, the young master Lin Yi took the initiative to greet him.

The three of them entered Hengshui Fucheng in a luxury carriage.

"For this appointment, I reserved the Tianzi No. 1 private room in Juxian Building for two months."

Lin Yi was dressed in brocade clothes, with sharp eyebrows and handsome eyes. Compared with three years ago, he was a little less vigorous, and a little more bold and enthusiastic.

"Brother Lin, are we not late?" Lu Changan smiled.

"Where! You arrived earlier than I expected. Zhao Siyao said in his letter that he arrived at Hengshui Mansion in the past two days."

It is said that it is a three-year agreement, not just three years, and now it has exceeded a period of time.

That night, Lam Yi warmly entertained the two of them at the Prince's Mansion.

two days later.

Lin Yi received the news that Zhao Siyao arrived at Hengshui Mansion.

finally.

The few fairy seedlings who came out of Hengshui Mansion back then reunited at the initial starting point after three years.


Hengshui Mansion, Tianzi Private Room in Juxian Tower.

Zhao Siyao, Lin Yi, Lu Changan, Li Ergou, Xia Feilun gathered at the same table for the first time.

Xia Feilun is also a Xianmiao from Hengshui Mansion. Back then, he was introverted and dull, so he didn't fit into the circle of several people.

This person's aptitude is average, barely passed the examination, after entering Jinyun Valley, he was lucky enough to become an alchemist's apprentice.

Originally, there was no Xia Feilun in the three-year agreement.

In view of his status as an alchemy apprentice, Lin Yi tentatively invited him, but he didn't want the other party to come to the appointment in the end.

"Miss Zhao, there is no need to refuse! The world of cultivating immortals respects strength, so you should take the lead."

After some excuses, Zhao Siyao finally took the main seat.

Today, three years later.

Zhao Siyao was eighteen years old, wearing a goose-yellow dress, with slim curves, a beautiful face, and picturesque eyebrows.

Between frowns and smiles, there is a faint temperament of a peerless beauty.

When they first met, Lin Yi and Li Ergou couldn't hide the astonishment on their faces.

The last time we met, Zhao Siyao was fifteen years old, slim, and still a beauty.

Among the four, Zhao Siyao has changed the most, both externally and internally.

The peak of the third level of Qi refining.

Her cultivation at this time was even slightly better than Lin Yi's.

Even though he is only one level higher than Li Ergou, the gap between them is more than one or two years.

Because, the peak of the third level of Qi refining is facing a bottleneck, the next step is to break through the ranks and enter the middle stage of Qi refining.

This bottleneck period will take a period of time to polish.

"Although Zhao Siyao's aptitude is also a middle-grade spiritual root, but the sensitivity of the spiritual root is as high as thirty-six, which is close to the top-grade spiritual root."

Lu Changan recalled Zhao Siyao's qualifications in the first pass of the sect's assessment.

Lu Changan's fire root has a sensitivity of more than twenty, which is barely considered a middle-grade spiritual root. He used the wood spirit root to practice the exercises, with a sensitivity of seventeen.

The gap between the two is like cloud and mud.

Not to mention, Zhao Siyao became Jin Yungu's inner disciple, and the gap will become bigger and bigger in the future.

If Lu Changan was just an ordinary monk, he might not be able to hold a candle to him in this lifetime.


The change of Li Ergou was second only to Zhao Siyao.

Zhao Siyao, Lin Yi, and Xia Feilun were amazed when they learned how Ergou was treated in Mu's house.

Who would have thought that a young farmer with neither knowledge nor talent could flourish in the Xiuxian family in just three years.

Lin Yi, who is the son of a prince and concubine, was a little envious and apprehensive.

Three years ago, when he was seventeen years old, he entered the third level of Qi Refining for the first time, and spent a lot of property and contacts in the Prince's Mansion.

Later, he "failed" in the Zongmen assessment, and the Marquis of Guang'an was very disappointed with him.

Since then lost a lot of support.

In the secular world of the land of spiritual poverty, Lin Yi's aptitude is average, and his progress in cultivation is comparable to that of a snail.

In three years, he has not yet reached the peak of the third level of Qi refining, and he is about to be overtaken by Li Ergou.

"However, Lu Chang'an, who has a middle-grade spirit root, is not doing well."

Looking past Lu Changan, Lin Yi felt better.

"Brother Lu, your aptitude is far superior to that of Li Ergou, and you belong to the same family. How did you end up in this situation?"

Xia Feilun smiled, pretending to be surprised.

Hearing this, Zhao Siyao and Lin Yi frowned slightly.

Xia Feilun's tone seemed to be teasing among friends. In fact, he was not familiar with Lu Changan at all, and he had never said a word to Lu Changan before.

Li Ergou was displeased: "The surname is Xia! What do you mean by that? Brother Lu just doesn't want to join..."

"Brother Lu has something to hide, so there's no need to say more."

Zhao Siyao's beautiful eyes fell on Lu Chang'an's face, and there was a flash of concern.

In fact, Zhao Siyao and the others could guess a general idea about Lu Changan's current situation.

"I made a slip of the tongue. Replace wine with tea, and do it first as a respect."

Xia Feilun slapped a haha, afraid of causing Zhao Siyao's displeasure, he stopped talking.

At this gathering, Xia Feilun didn't care much about Lu Chang'an and the three of them, he was only polite to Zhao Siyao and sometimes courteous.

"It's just 'Brother Lu'."

Lu Changan was extremely speechless.

With his keen senses, Xia Feilun didn't pay much attention to himself when he first arrived.

Only after hearing Zhao Siyao's "Brother Lu", his face changed for a moment.

This is also human nature.

Three years ago, Zhao Siyao was able to attract Lin Yi, the young master. What's more, today's proud daughter of heaven is so beautiful that she is beyond vulgarity.

Lin Yi felt sour in his heart, and now he did not dare to have any extravagant hopes for Zhao Siyao.

However, Xia Feilun, as an alchemy apprentice, has the potential to become an alchemist, and he is also in Jinyun Valley, so he has the opportunity to pursue it.

An alchemist is second to none among all the arts of cultivating immortals.


Next, Xia Feilun seldom spoke, and this time he went to the appointment for three years, and the atmosphere gradually became harmonious.

Exchange cultivation experiences, talk about sects and anecdotes in the world of cultivating immortals...

Until the evening, the banquet came to an end.

"Miss Zhao, now you and I are both cultivators, so we don't need to maintain the secular title. In the future, why don't we address each other as fellow daoists?"

Lu Changan offered to propose.

This proposal is in line with the customs of the world of cultivating immortals.

Zhao Siyao was far beyond him in terms of cultivation and status.

If there is no kinship relationship, it would be inappropriate to call him Big Brother Lu.

As Zhao Siyao became more outstanding.

I don't know how much hatred will be drawn by saying "Brother Lu".

An inadvertent one may lead to a fatal disaster.

"In this life, I have sufficient lifespan, stable management, and good connections. Don't get caught up in the flames just because of the name of this little girl."

It wasn't that Lu Changan was afraid of Xia Feilun, but that this incident aroused his vigilance.

"Okay, Fellow Daoist Lu."

Zhao Siyao was silent for a while, understanding what Lu Changan was thinking, and took a deep look at him.

This is "Fellow Daoist Lu".

Falling into Lu Changan's ears, he felt less intimacy than before.

Seeing this, Xia Feilun showed a reserved smile, satisfied with Lu Changan's "on the road".

"Brother Lu, if you need cheap pills in the future, you can buy them from me, and I will give you a 10% discount!"

Xia Feilun took the initiative to release his kindness.

Zhao Siyao hesitated to speak, thought for a while, but did not stop.

Cheap medicine?

Lu Changan sneered in his heart, guessing the other party's intentions.

As an alchemy apprentice, Xia Feilun would often get some unqualified and inferior pills, or even useless pills.

It may be a reward that the alchemist did not want, or it may be a failure of his own practice.

In addition to its poor efficacy, this kind of elixir contains a high amount of erysipelas, and sect monks generally look down on it.

However, this pill is cheap.

There is a certain market for selling to casual cultivators outside the sect, or families with poor financial resources.

"Thank you Brother Xia for your kindness, but I'm too shy to afford a panacea."

Lu Changan smiled wryly.

He was telling the truth, he didn't have a single spirit stone in his hand.

"You don't have a spirit stone, so you can borrow it from Ergou! You two have such a strong relationship..." Xia Feilun chuckled and didn't care.

He has a batch of low-quality pills in his hand, and he just needs someone to take them.

If sold in batches, the profit will be relatively low in the face of experienced Xianfang shops.

Selling directly to monks can earn a little more.

If you cheat a rich and stupid Dahan, it will be huge profits.

"I don't know the quality of the pill sold by Brother Xia, and whether it can be traded with worldly things."

When Yi Lin learned that there was a cheap pill, he was very excited.

"Secular gold and silver are not accepted! You can only exchange them with spirit stones or cultivation resources."

Xia Feilun glanced at Lin Yi, his tone slightly contemptuous.

Feng Shui turns.

Back then, on the way to the assessment, Lin Yi looked down on him because of his background and cultivation.

Today, three years later, Edward Lam is no longer in his sight.

Lin Yi smiled awkwardly, facing Xia Feilun, an alchemy apprentice of the Zongmen, he did not dare to offend him in the slightest.

Xia Feilun will become an alchemist in the future, a big man they need to look up to.

Fortunately, Lu Changan spoke at the right time to relieve Lin Yi:

"By the way, Brother Lin, you are a local snake in Hengshui Prefecture. Do you know where there is a place where immortal cultivators trade?"

Lu Changan had some talismans on hand to sell, and he was going to find a place to make a small fortune in spirit stones.

It is also possible to trade in the Mu family, but he can't expose the identity of the talisman teacher too quickly.

A year ago, he had enough materials for drawing symbols in Mu Xiuyun's hands. It takes a gradual process from a talisman novice to an official talisman master.

"There is a trade fair organized by casual cultivators in Hengshui Mansion, which happens to be held this month. If Brother Lu needs it, I can help introduce it."

Edward Lam replied enthusiastically and cast grateful eyes.

Lu Changan nodded: "Then I will trouble Brother Lin."


		