

"Zhang Tieshan... Zhao Siyao... Ye Lei..."

Deacon Jin Yungu read the names of dozens of people in one breath.

Those who were read were overjoyed, and yearned for the future immortality.

"I'm not included in the list... Did I miss it?"

Edward Lam bit his lip, unbelievable.

Seventeen years old, third level of Qi refining, low-grade spiritual root, he should have reached the standard.

In the first level "Inspiration Pillar" and the second level "Jiuqufeng", his results were good.

Not only did Edward Lam's name fail to be read.

Lu Changan and Li Ergou also failed the entrance examination.

"The rest of you wait, leave the mountain gate immediately!"

The deacon of Jin Yungu looked indifferent, and led the selected fairy seedlings away.

The rest of more than a hundred teenagers, including Lin Yi and Li Ergou, all looked gloomy and unwilling.

Lu Changan's face was calm, but he had psychological expectations.

The age for entrance examination of Jinyun Valley must not exceed eighteen years old.

Lu Changan happened to be stuck at the upper limit.

A few months later, he would not even be qualified for the assessment.

Although his performance in the third test was outstanding, his age and cultivation level were too wide.

The bone age is nearly 18 years old, and the cultivation level of Qi refining is one level. For the sect, the potential is really too low.

Even if his spiritual root barely reached the middle level, Jin Yungu would not look down on him.


"Brother Lu, are we unable to cultivate immortals?"

On the way down the mountain, Li Ergou was crying, as if his dreams had been shattered.

"Don't be too discouraged, you can practice if you have spiritual roots, at worst, you can practice casually."

Lu Changan was so comforting.

In fact, he knew that with Li Ergou's background and aptitude, it would be difficult to reach the sky if he wanted to take the route of casual cultivation.

Lu Chang'an was not worried, after all, he had the memory bonus of cultivating immortals for two lifetimes, but the start was not so smooth.

Led by two Jinyun Valley disciples, everyone went down the mountain together.

Passing through a lake full of aura.

Lu Changan took a deep breath, and looked at the figure of the boy reflected in the lake.

The body in this life presents well-proportioned and muscular lines, and hard calluses grow out of both palms.

The face is tough, with sharp edges and corners, and the pupils are as black as ink.

He is physically strong and has martial arts skills.

Not some weak sissy.

Lu Changan nodded secretly, he was quite satisfied with his body in this life.

"Senior Brother Yu, based on my performance in the assessment, why was I eliminated?"

On the way down the mountain, Lin Yi communicated with a young disciple of Jinyun Valley and complained a little.

It turned out that before the entrance examination, Lin Yi had managed in Jinyun Valley through the network resources of the Prince's Mansion.

"Little Marquis, you are the last one in the third stage of 'Illusion Heart Terrace'. According to the sect's regulations, unless you have a spiritual root above the top rank, you are not allowed to enter the sect."

Brother Yu's lips twitched, and he said via voice transmission.

He sneered in his heart, no matter what Jin Yungu said, he was also the top five cultivating forces in Liang Kingdom.

With mediocre aptitude and such poor mentality and willpower, how can Jin Yungu look up to him?

"Is it the illusion platform?"

Lin Yi was upset, and subconsciously looked at Lu Changan.

Lu Changan's third pass is so good, isn't he eliminated?

Thinking of this, he felt much better.

After all, he is the prince's concubine.

Backed by secular power, even if there is no sect to take in, it is much easier to get along than ordinary casual cultivators.

Having said that.

When walking out of the gate of Jinyun Valley.

The view is gradually covered by mist, the ethereal peaks, the flying cranes and strange beasts...

Lin Yi was silent for a long time, and sighed:

"A mountain gate, from now on, immortals will have different lives!"

He is clear in his heart, even with the blessing of princely power, compared with the high-ranking disciples of the immortal sect, his future fate will be very different.

"Zhao Siyao..."

Thinking of before, he tried to catch up with that beautiful and temperamental lady.

They even fantasize about joining the immortal gate together in the future and pursuing longevity.

However, when stepping out of this mountain gate.

Zhao Siyao became an unattainable and proud daughter of heaven.

In just one day, there was such a big gap in life's encounters.


"Brother Lu, Brother Li, my Guang'an Hou Mansion has some resources for cultivating immortals. Would you like to follow me back to the secular development?"

Walking out of the mountain gate, Lin Yi's mentality changed, and most of his arrogance dissipated.

Yi Lam knew that it was difficult for casual cultivators to get along, so it was best to hug a group to keep warm. He tried to use secular power to attract Lu Chang'an and the other two.

"I'll listen to Brother Lu." Li Ergou grinned foolishly, showing his yellow teeth.

He has no opinions, but he trusts Lu Changan.

Before that, Lin Yi didn't have any respect for him, showing a vague contempt for him. Although he is an ignorant farmer, it doesn't mean he has no ideas.

On the other hand, Lu Changan, a person from the world, is very down-to-earth, talking nonsense along the way, taking care of Li Ergou, and easily gaining his trust.

"Does the Marquis of Guang'an have a first-order spiritual vein?"

Lu Changan only asked lightly.

"This...not at all."

Lin Yi's complexion changed.

Immediately knew that Lu Changan was not easy to fool!

The first-order spiritual veins can be used for cultivation during the Qi training period to speed up the cultivation speed.

Compared with the secular "land of the poor", there is a world of difference.

"let it go."

Lu Changan is very practical.

He waved his hand directly, interrupting Yi Lin's rhetoric that he was about to woo.

Without a first-order spiritual vein, the Marquis of Guang'an can at most provide some incomplete cultivation secrets, or ordinary gold, silver, and precious medicinal materials.

These are meaningless to Lu Changan.

"Haha! Little friend Lu wants a first-order spirit vein? My Mu family has a second-level spirit vein. I wonder if I can recruit you to join me?"

A hearty male voice came from the foot of the mountain.

The person who came was a middle-aged man in a green shirt, with a fair face, graceful and elegant.

"Eight layers of Qi refining?"

Lu Chang'an's soul was powerful, and he sensed the mana fluctuations in the other party's body, so he became vigilant.

However, under the mountain gate of Jinyun Valley, outsiders dare not make mistakes.

The second-order spirit vein, the Mu family?

Lu Changan's eyes flickered slightly, and he had some guesses about the identity of the visitor.

"What's the senior's name?"

"A certain family, Mu Maode, is the head of Feiyue Lake's "Xiu Xian Mu Family", and is planning to recruit a group of young monks."

The middle-aged man in green shirt had a kind expression on his face, explaining his intention of coming.

"So it's Senior Mu."

Lu Changan clasped his hands, but he noticed that Patriarch Mu's eyes were dimly looking at him.

"As far as I know, the Xiuxian family generally does not cultivate foreign blood, right?"

In the crowd, some people raised doubts.

The youngsters who participated in the sect assessment were from the bottom of the society. Most of them are powerful and wealthy businessmen, heirs of casual cultivators, and even children of immortal cultivating families.

"In recent years, my Mu family has lost many clansmen, and we need to replenish new blood, so we made this special case. Of course, those descendants of princes and Xiuxian families are not the ones we recruit."

Patriarch Mu, who was waiting here, had already found out the identity of the young man participating in the assessment.

He looked at Lu Changan, who was the only middle-grade spiritual root, and then glanced at the rest of the boys.

Loudly said: "My Mu family has ten places! Recruit young monks, provide spiritual vein dojo, and cultivate immortality secrets..."

Hearing this, those teenagers with no background couldn't help but move.

Family cultivating immortals is also much better than casual cultivating.

"You don't get paid for nothing. Senior Mu might as well explain clearly, what do we have to pay for the resources of the nobles?"

Lu Changan said bluntly.

Patriarch Mu glanced at him in surprise, and said with a low smile:

"I didn't expect Xiaoyou to see it so clearly at such a young age. Then Mu Mou said it straight to the point."

"I think Lu Xiaoyou is a talented person, and he is very talented. There are many young beauties who are well-educated and courteous in this family. You can choose one or several of them as wives and concubines."

Hearing this, Li Ergou stared straight at his eyes and pursed his chapped lips.

"There is such a good thing??"

He was born in a peasant family and couldn't eat enough or wear warm clothes. It was a luxury to marry an ordinary-looking woman in this life.

Not to mention marrying a beautiful woman who knows how to read and respect.

Facing Patriarch Mu's enthusiastic solicitation.

Lu Changan, who had the memories of two lifetimes, had no emotion on his face, but a sneer in his heart.

Do you think the Mu family is interested in spiritual root qualifications?

Do not!

They're just after your kidneys.


Sure enough, the head of the Mu family wanted to see him poorly.

"Our request is: Young monks who join the Mu family, and the heirs born to the women of this family, belong to the powerful surname Mu, especially the heirs with spiritual roots!"

"This...isn't it the reverse door?"

Li Ergou was taken aback, and blurted out.

Patriarch Mu didn't care, and said with a smile:

"Joiners need to leave ten heirs. If they can leave one middle-grade spiritual root or two low-grade spiritual root children for the family, it is also considered as a fulfillment condition. In return, the Mu family will provide you with a cultivation dojo and immortal cultivation skills." method, a certain amount of spiritual rice and elixir every year."

After listening to the conditions, Lu Changan shook his head secretly.

What kind of upside-down door is this?

Using "marriage" to describe it is to put gold on the face.

It is clearly a tool man for breeding.

"Brother Lu, do you think it's reliable?"

Li Ergou looked at Lu Changan eagerly, obviously very excited.

"Back the door, do you mind?"

"Anyway, there are a few brothers in my family."

Li Ergou scratched his head, looking embarrassed.

He lowered his voice again, slightly excited:

"Brother Lu! There is a place to cultivate immortals, and you can marry a wife and have children... This is a good deal!"


		