

Ten days later, the flying boat arrived at Wufengfang City in the south of Jinyun Valley.

Back then, Lu Changan sold stolen goods here and helped Zhao Siyao repair high-grade magic weapons.

In terms of scale, Wufengfang City is better than Zhuye Mountain.

Lu Changan was familiar with the road, and went straight to an antique and tallest pavilion with hanging lanterns.

The sound of the piano was faintly heard in the building, and the dark fragrance surged.

"Baixiang Xianlou? Brother! You are taking me there..."

Li Erqing couldn't believe it, he hesitated and swallowed the last word.

The big brother in his eyes, who practiced hard work, maintained his health and abstinence, how could he come to such a place?

"It's the first time I've come here in this life, and I'll take you for a while."

Lu Changan looked calm.

After entering Baixiang Xianlou, Li Erqing realized that his thinking was wrong.

The elegant style here is really a place to listen to music and enjoy dancing.

The first floor is similar to a theater. On the stage, there is an elegant nun wearing a white gauze, plucking the strings.

Elegant and dignified without the slightest dusty air, the sound of the piano is high and flowing, and relieves boredom and all kinds of negative emotions in the heart.

"Second guest officers, do you want to sit on the first floor, or go upstairs to the wing room?"

A middle-aged nun greeted her with a smile.

Lu Chang'an said: "In the wing room on the second floor, please invite a high-grade musician."

Temperament is also one of the hundred arts of cultivating immortals.

A good musician can cleanse the soul, help to break the barriers and dissolve the demons.

"Does the guest officer want to play the qin, or play the flute?"

Qin, flute, and flute are the most common instruments used by musicians.

"Blow the flute, the artistic conception will be more ethereal."

Lu Changan glanced at Li Erqing, who had no objection.

Not long.

In the wing room of the two of them, a beautiful female cultivator in green dress came in and gave a little blessing.

This female voice teacher is in the late stage of Qi refining, and her cultivation level is higher than that of Li Erqing.

After listening to it for half a day, dozens of spirit stones will be needed.

Of course, this kind of soul-cleansing melody consumes a lot of mana and mind.

Amidst the flute sound of birds singing in the empty mountain, the two closed their eyes, as if every part of their bodies and minds had been kissed by the soft wind.

Li Erqing took a nap for a while.

I just feel all the impetuousness and depression in my heart, like the smoke of the mundane world, drifting away little by little.

"Brother, do you really want to leave the Mu family? The family treats you well, and Missy..."

An hour later, Li Erqing learned that Lu Changan was going to leave. After a short shock, he felt very uncomfortable and took a long time to calm down.

"You don't have to think too much, just because I leave doesn't mean I've cut off contact with you, as long as I'm in Liang Guoxiu's world, I can still communicate with you."

Lu Chang'an comforted through sound transmission.

Under the gentle caress of Xiao Yin, although Li Erqing felt hurt and separated, he gradually felt relieved.

Lu Chang'an has been practicing hard work and has never married a wife and had children, which shows that he has a firm heart and great ambitions.

Such monks are not uncommon in the world of cultivating immortals, but those who can build foundations are still very few.

Effort does not equal success, it is the same in any world.

"Where is brother going?"

"Yellow Dragon Immortal City."

Lu Changan has collected a lot of information over the years, and he has a plan in mind.

For the casual cultivators of the Liang Kingdom, the place with the best chance of building a foundation is the Huanglong Immortal City.

This fairy city was established by Liang Guoxiu, the first casual cultivator in the fairy world, "Huanglong Zhenren", adjacent to the Black Mist Mountains.

Some of the materials for the Foundation Establishment Pill come from the Black Mist Mountains.

This fairy city can be called a sacred place for casual cultivators, and various forces have settled in, including many second-tier alchemists who have the ability to refine foundation building pills.

Lu Changan suspected that when Mu Renlong secretly built the foundation and the ancestor of the Mu family disappeared for a while, he should have gone to Huanglong Immortal City.

In Huanglong Immortal City, there is a real person of Dandan sitting in the town, located above the third-order spiritual vein, so the foundation building here will not be particularly conspicuous.

In order to speed up foundation building, Zhao Siyao once went to Huanglong Xiancheng, hunted monsters in the Black Mist Mountains, collected spiritual herbs and medicines, and exchanged them for contributions from the sect.


Half a day later, Lu Changan and Li Erqing left Wufengfang City.

After being baptized by Baixiangxianlou, Li Erqing's mood is stable and his eyes are bright.

"Erqing, after you go back, try not to use the 'Bi Ning Pill' to attack the realm. If it doesn't work, take this pill again."

On the flying boat, Lu Changan pointed out.

After this experience, Li Erqing's mind has been precipitated, and his chest has been broadened, which is conducive to breaking through the bottleneck.

"I listen to my brother."

Li Erqing nodded, knowing that Lu Changan would not harm him.

Lu Changan has experience in his previous life, and if he doesn't use the elixir to break through the bottleneck, his potential will be greater in the future.

Half a month later.

Lu Changan drove the flying boat and sent Li Erqing to Feiyue Lake, then turned around and flew to the north of Liang Country.


In front of Feiyue Lake.

Li Erqing took a deep breath, watching the familiar figure who had accompanied him for twenty or thirty years go away, feeling empty inside.

After the Hui nationality.

Li Erqing obeyed Lu Changan's instructions, bathed and burned incense, adjusted his state, and began to retreat and attack.

Ten days later, Li Erqing broke through the bottleneck and entered the seventh level of Qi Refining.

He couldn't help screaming, staying on the sixth level of Qi Refining for more than ten years, and finally broke through today.

Being promoted to the seventh level of Qi refining, Li Erqing's status in the clan has been greatly improved, and his wives and concubines are in awe of him.

After a few days.

The second wife, Mu Caiwei, announced the good news. The ninth son in the family, who is six or seven years old, was found to have middle-grade spiritual roots.

The sensitivity of the fire root is thirty-five.

The minimum standard for top-grade spiritual roots is forty sensitivity.

This kind of qualification is close to the top-grade spiritual root, not much different from Zhao Siyao.

Li Erqing was overjoyed, "Let Jiu'an come and see me."

He named the children, the eldest son was named Yifan, and the second son was named Ershun.

The ninth son is called Mu Jiu'an.

He looks fair and clean, very delicate, not very like Li Erqing.

Li Erqing likes Mu Ershun more, his skin is darker, his appearance and personality are like his childhood.

The name Mu Jiu'an, on the one hand, means peace and happiness, and on the other hand, it is to cherish the friendship between him and Lu Chang'an.

Not to mention, Mu Jiuan's looks and temperament are a bit like Lu Changan.

For this breakthrough, Li Erqing secretly kept the "Bi Ning Pill" without the help of the broken-rank pill.


Lu Changan drove the flying boat and headed north.

The area around Jinyun Valley, including Feiyue Lake, Zhuye Mountain, and Wufengfang City, are all located in the west of Liang State.

Wufengfang City is slightly to the south; Yushou Zhou's is farther away, to the northwest.

The Black Mist Mountains pass through the northern land of Liang State, and span half of the Daqing cultivation world.

To be precise, the Black Mist Mountains here in Liang State are not considered the main vein, but just a relatively large branch.

Huanglong Fairy City is located in the north of Liangguo, and is closely connected with the Black Mist Mountains.


Four or five months later.

A rolling barren mountain came into Lu Changan's vision.

According to the map mark in the jade tube, he is now less than a thousand miles away from Huanglong Fairy City.

Along the way, Lu Changan kept his speed neither fast nor slow, so as to save the consumption of mana and consciousness.

The long-distance flight and the extreme speed of flying away fighting with monks are naturally incomparable.

Really flying at extreme speed, the consumption is terrifying, and Qi Refining monks can't last for half an hour.

The speed of the two is at least several times different.

Flying forward for several hundred miles, a fairy city located in the mountains looms, like a wild monster hidden in the mist.

At this time, in the barren hills, monks were occasionally seen flying to and fro.

Most of these monks are in the middle and late stage of Qi refining, with sharp eyes and vigilant faces.

Some monks exude evil spirits, obviously they have taken a lot of lives, or they have been killed in the Black Mist Mountains.

"I heard that the atmosphere in Huanglong Immortal City is strong, and the quality of monks is indeed much higher."

Lu Changan thought to himself.

Um?

At this time, Lu Chang'an suddenly sensed the fluctuation of fighting skills.

Among the hills miles away.

Several monks were fighting, covered by a simple formation.

If it weren't for Lu Changan's strong spiritual sense, he wouldn't be able to detect it easily.

"Kill them all!"

On one side are two men in the late stage of Qi refining, one tall and the other fat, wearing bone masks, killing wantonly.

The three monks on the other side seemed to be a family of three.

A middle-aged couple with a teenager.

"Yingmei, I'll block them, you take them and run!"

The middle-aged man refined Qi to the seventh level, his voice was exhausted, he was injured in several places, and the aura of the magic weapon was dim, leaving many gaps.

The wife is thirty-six or seven years old, with a plump body, and has five levels of Qi training; the son is sixteen or seventeen, and has three levels of Qi training.

The tall masked man, with eighth level of Qi refining, manipulated a pair of scimitars, a magic weapon, and forced his middle-aged husband into danger, causing him to be seriously injured.

"Tsk tsk, beautiful woman! Although she is older, her skin is tender and her butt is not small. If you are willing to bend your knees and be captured, and serve you well, I will spare your life."

The obese masked man, with seven levels of Qi refining, controlled a middle-grade magic weapon, a sledgehammer, and broke the only remaining talisman shield of the beautiful woman.

"You bastard, hurry up! Don't give me brains."

The tall masked man on the eighth level of Qi Refining scolded dissatisfiedly.

"Okay, third brother!"

The obese masked man felt a little regretful, and he used all his strength to mobilize his mana, and the magic weapon sledgehammer smashed the beautiful woman's head to pieces.

Amidst the screams, the beautiful woman and the boy were hammered to death one after another.

"Sister Ying, Cheng'er!"

The middle-aged husband's eyes were red, and he let out a desperate roar before dying.

"You dare to kill people and seize treasures near Huanglong Fairy City, one day..."

A family of three died.

Even if Lu Changan wanted to save him, it was too late.

He sighed secretly, he had no intention of avenging others, or eliminating violence and peace.

"Haha! What's the point of killing and seizing treasure? We even attacked and killed the disciples of Jinyun Valley!"

Just as he was about to fly away, the fat masked man's unscrupulous laughter came from his ears

Lu Changan's heart moved, and the flying boat stopped.

"Boy! What are you looking at?"

In the simple formation, two masked men spotted Lu Changan passing by, and saw the latter stop, showing fierce and threatening eyes.


		