

Lu Changan's speech in front of the tombstone seemed to light up the dawn in the darkness, and made the hearts of the monks present light up.

"Fellow Daoist Lu is right. The dead are gone, but the living are like this. May we encourage each other, and the road to immortality will last forever."

Beside Zhao Siyao, a resolute young man with slightly dark skin praised her.

Looking at this young man on the ninth floor of Qi Refining.

Lu Changan felt familiar, and quickly remembered: "Your Excellency is Zhang Tieshan, Fellow Daoist Zhang?"

"We haven't seen each other for twenty years, yet Fellow Daoist Lu still remembers Zhang."

Zhang Tieshan nodded.

There was Qi Qi in his face, and he sighed: "When we met in Hengshui Mansion back then, Fellow Daoist Lu should persuade Fellow Daoist Lin not to follow Zhang to the haunted house to kill ghosts."

Hearing this, Lu Changan's heart skipped a beat.

There was a bit of shame in Zhang Tieshan's tone.

Later, after talking, Lu Changan learned that Lin Yi's death had something to do with Zhang Tieshan.

"Twenty years ago, Lam Yi followed Zhang Tieshan to the haunted house to kill ghosts, and gained a little. Since then, the two have had friendship and contacts."

Zhang Tieshan's qualifications are ordinary, but he has a strong will, is good at actual combat, and is quite talented in fighting. He often receives missions from the sect to kill evil cultivators wanted by the sect.

Lin Yi's Yinxian Pavilion provided information and assistance to Zhang Tieshan.

After coming and going, other sect disciples also asked Lin Yi for help and gave them rewards.

"Twenty years later, Lin Yi led the monks of the Yinxian Pavilion to assist the disciples of Jinyun Valley in encircling and suppressing wanted criminals. He was ambushed and died of serious injuries."

Looking back on the twenty years before and after, Lu Changan sighed deeply.

Back then, Lin Yi chose to go to the haunted house with Zhang Tieshan to kill ghosts, and the trajectory of fate seemed to have laid the groundwork for today's ending.

"Zhang Daoyou doesn't have to blame himself, Brother Lin will definitely not regret his original decision."

Lu Changan thought in his heart, if Lam Yi hadn't met Zhang Tieshan, he wouldn't have had a bright future.

Created the Yinxian Pavilion single-handedly, absorbed casual cultivators, accumulated resources, and allowed his son to enter Jinyun Valley smoothly.

With Edward Lam's qualifications, it is impossible to build a foundation in this lifetime to manage power in the secular world.

Even if you don't die today, you will live for decades.

"Lin Lu, your father left you a lot of property during his lifetime. From now on, you must practice steadily, step by step."

Zhang Tieshan encouraged him earnestly.

"Yes, Uncle Zhang."

Lin Lu's tone was respectful, and he lowered his head in shame.

He thought that he was jealous of a beautiful female cultivator in the sect, and Zhang Tieshan had warned him about it.


Before Lin Yi's grave, the monks he had befriended during his lifetime were basically all there.

Some people offered incense to pay homage, while others sprinkled wine in front of the tombstone.

Zhao Siyao and Zhang Tieshan took the lead and proposed to take care of Lin Yi's son.

Except for the care in the sect.

It is best to keep this spiritual land of Yinxian Pavilion.

Lin Lu is now 20 years old, with a four-level cultivation of Qi Refining, and a disciple of the sect, whose strength is not inferior to that of his father.

As long as the monks present speak up, other monks dare not covet Lin Lu's inheritance and this spiritual land.

As for whether the Yinxian Pavilion should be maintained, that is Lin Lu's own business.

Seven days after Edward Lam was buried.

Zhang Tieshan and other monks left one after another.

"Lin Lu, how is Xia Feilun, who was caught by your father to make alchemy in the underground palace back then?"

Lu Changan asked privately.

Lin Lu looked a little unnatural, and replied: "According to my father's will, he has committed suicide by taking poison."

Lu Changan declined to comment, but only wanted to know the result.

If Xia Feilun was still alive, he would definitely hate Lin Yi and his son, and even implicate Lu Changan and others.

"Before he died, my father told me to learn from you, Uncle Lu, so that I can survive for a long time in the world of cultivating immortals."

Lin Lu said softly.

Lu Changan was stunned for a moment, he didn't expect Lin Yi's will to praise him.

This time they met, Lin Lu lost a little bit of arrogance.

In front of the tombstone, only three foreign monks, Zhao Siyao, Lu Changan, and Li Ergou, remained.

After explaining some things, the three of them said their goodbyes and left.


Fly out of the valley of Yinxian Pavilion.

Lu Changan chatted with Zhao Siyao for a few words, mainly about the progress of the latter's foundation establishment.

"The contribution has been collected, and I have applied to the sect to exchange it. One of the next batch of Foundation Establishment Pills will belong to me."

When Zhao Siyao mentioned this matter, his tone was cheerful.

"That's good, congratulations to Fellow Daoist Zhao for establishing the foundation as soon as possible."

Lu Changan and Li Ergou congratulated in advance.

"There is one thing that I never thanked Fellow Daoist Lu."

Before parting, Zhao Siyao showed a dignified manner and saluted Lu Chang'an.

"A few years ago, the two high-quality talismans presented by Fellow Daoist Lu helped me at a critical moment in the Black Mist Mountains."

"With the friendship between you and me, the two top-grade talismans are not worth mentioning."

Lu Chang'an's tone was generous and he spoke beautiful words.

When Zhao Siyao builds the foundation, what are two first-order talismans worth?

"Since our friendship is so deep. Next time, if Siyao is lucky enough to build a foundation, I hope Fellow Daoist Lu will not let anyone else see you, and don't change your address again."

Zhao Siyao smiled charmingly and waved goodbye.

"Changing your name?"

Li Ergou was stunned for a moment, and suddenly said: "According to the rules of the world of cultivating immortals, if Zhao Daoyou builds a foundation, we have to call her senior."

This is the case in the world of cultivating immortals, where cultivation comes first.

As long as it is not a direct bloodline, the master-student relationship is mostly based on cultivation.

"This woman still remembers the name change in Juxian Tower back then, so I'm afraid it made her feel bad!"

Lu Changan smiled wryly in his heart.

However, Zhao Siyao left these words today to prevent Lu Changan from being referred to as "senior" in the future, which shows that she truly recognizes the friendship between each other, and she is not a ruthless person.

In the world of cultivating immortals, there are many ungrateful people.

For example, Lu Changan's family in his previous life produced a very talented earth spirit root fairy seedling. The family sent it to the Zongmen to supply resources at any cost.

That Earth Spirit Root Immortal Seedling took it as a matter of course.

Later, the fairy seedling successfully formed a pill, and she took the initiative to distance herself from the family, and when the family was in danger, she ignored it.

The blood of the family is like this, let alone friends outside.


After a few days.

The two of Lu Chang'an returned to Feiyue Villa.

Lu Changan wanted to return Mu Xiuyun's flying boat, so he went to Yuexin Island.

Yuexin Island is the place where the senior members of the family practice, and this is the first time Lu Changan has come here.

Send a sound transmission note.

Not long after, Mu Xiuyun in a plain skirt flew out from the cave on the island.

Because of taking the Nourishing Pill, Mu Xiuyun looked in her twenties, her face was radiant, her skin was like fat, and there were almost no wrinkles.

After returning the flying boat.

Lu Chang'an offered to resign from his position as the "Chief Talisman Master" at the Fangshi Lingfu Shop.

Because, Lu Changan estimated that he would be promoted to the seventh level of Qi training within two years, and then he would leave Feiyuehu Mu's family.

"The Spirit Talisman Shop is short of senior talisman masters. After a few more years in town, I'll help you apply for a 'Bi Ning Pill', okay?"

She pursed her red lips, and her starry eyes showed a hint of expectation.

"No need, Mu Ershun and Mu Shan can almost shoulder the burden. The unpopular talisman reserves in the Lingfu shop are enough for several years."

Lu Changan bowed his hands and bid farewell.

Watching the back of the white robe going away.

Mu Xiuyun realized something, she stood there for a long time with a downcast face.


Feiyue Mountain Villa.

Lu Changan returned to the lakeside courtyard that he had not seen for a long time.

Turn on the formation restriction, and immediately start to retreat and practice.

Speaking of retreat, he only needs to practice for one or two hours a day, which is slightly less effective than Zhuye Mountain.

One or two years passed in a blink of an eye.

On this day, a strong wave of mana surged from the courtyard by the lake, resonating with the heaven and the earth.

An ordinary formation, difficult to conceal.

"Seven layers of Qi training?"

The monks of the family living nearby couldn't help feeling.

"The newly promoted seventh level of Qi training, who is it?"

"It seems to be Lu Fushi!"

"Lu Changan, it turned out to be him?"

Many monks focused on the direction of Lu Chang'an's other courtyard.

The seventh level of Qi training is inconspicuous in the sect, but in a foundation building family, it can be regarded as the middle and high level.

If the qualifications are higher, and they have reached the eighth level of Qi Refining, they can be classified as elders in the Mu family.

The elder Mu family monk was not surprised that Lu Changan was promoted to the seventh level of Qi training.

After all, Lu Changan's aptitude is not bad, he has been cultivating hard all the year round, and he is fed back by the resources of the talisman master to earn spiritual stones.

Promoted to the seventh level of Qi training, it can be regarded as a solid accumulation.


"Forty-five years old, seventh level of Qi refining!"

In the house in the other courtyard, Lu Changan felt the evergreen mana in his body soar, and felt a little excited.

"This third life has finally passed the most vulnerable stage."

He felt happy in his heart, and couldn't help but let out a small whistle.

The seventh level of Qi training has entered the late stage of Qi training.

It's not just a surge in mana.

With the blessing of Lu Changan's previous two lives, the means of strength that can be exerted are more than doubled.

Among other things, Lu Changan's current consciousness is almost comparable to that in the early stage of foundation establishment, and can be released for twenty feet.

This comes from the Nine Seal Stele's feeding back and blessing to the soul.

His current strength.

Possessing body training formulas, first-order peak spiritual pets, powerful talismans and other trump cards, even in the face of ordinary early foundation establishment, he has the ability to save his life.

That's why, Lu Changan planned to leave after he planned to practice at Mu's house to the seventh level of Qi Refining.

In addition to planning the opportunity to build a foundation.

At this stage, he has the strength to walk in a small area at the bottom of the world of cultivating immortals.

You don't have to rely too much on the family spirit.

In the late stage of Qi refining, a first-rank high-grade talisman master.

You can live comfortably in the major cities in Liang Guoxiu's world.

All the major foundation building families are willing to recruit him as an enshrinement.

His status is slightly lower than that of Ge Danshi back then, but his strength is much stronger.


		