

"Master of the medicine garden, come out and see me."

The entire medicine garden was dead silent and empty.

Except for the scattered man floating in the air.

With an uneasy face, his cold eyes locked on the housing area.

The night was as cool as water, and there were only a dozen people in the medicine garden, including qi training monks and mortals, hiding in hidden corners of the residential area.

Under the magic power of the foundation building period, everyone dared not show a single one.

not come out?

The exhaled man waited for a few breaths, his face gloomy.

If the other party comes out obediently and is submissive, with his disposition, he probably won't kill.

"Since you don't come out, Mr. Liang will take you out."

The man's voice was icy cold, and his pupils flickered red.

Earth shaking evil sound!

The man with loose hair fluttered, his eyes were closed, and he was muttering something.

All of a sudden, an invisible wave of evil intentions, centered on him, swept to the corners of the house.

"Ahh..."

The creatures swept by the mental sound wave felt an upside-down feeling like an earth shaking, screaming one by one, revealing their positions, and then bleeding from their mouths and noses, and passed out.

Several monks in Li Ergou didn't take two breaths, and passed out after screaming.

"These weak chickens should not be the master of the medicine garden."

Distributing the "Earth Shaking Evil Sound" of men is a secret art of spiritual search, good at searching for creatures hiding in buildings.

As long as you have spiritual awareness, unless your cultivation base far surpasses him, it will be difficult to evade.

"Hiding quite deep?"

The courtyard where Lu Changan was located was also the target of a man's search, and the evil mental sound waves penetrated into the basement.

what!

The hairy man showed a strange look, and almost missed Lu Changan as a piece of rotten wood.

Not only that, but Lu Changan just snorted and didn't react too much after being swept by the earth-shaking evil sound.

"interesting."

The man with loose hair slowly landed towards the yard, stretched out a white palm, and there was a hint of cruelty at the corner of his mouth.

About to shoot to kill the target.

At this moment, an incredible scene appeared.

"Bold junior!"

Below the courtyard, there was a spiritual coercion that surpassed the ordinary foundation building period, accompanied by the vicissitudes of the man's voice, straight to the man's heart.

"Foundation period?"

The man's mind flickered, and he immediately sensed a dangerous aura.

Crazy cut!

An invisible blade of spiritual consciousness, with a strange shock wave, sliced ​​into the man's primordial spirit.

"Ah! Hiss!"

The hairy man turned pale and almost fell to the courtyard, clutching his forehead in pain.

From the corner of his eye, a tear of blood flowed out.

I saw a young man in white robe appearing a few feet away.

The young man is obviously only in the middle stage of refining Qi, but he has a vicissitudes of life and a powerful soul breath, which is half a chip stronger than him.

"Dare to ask, which senior is it?"

The exuberant man stabilized his figure, uncertain.

This young man had just displayed a profound spiritual attack secret technique, which caused his mind to be traumatized and almost affected his old wounds.

The secret art of spiritual consciousness, even the ordinary Daoist of Danjie, may not be able to learn it.

How could it appear on the young man in front of him?

Moreover, he felt that there seemed to be an extra breath of soul in this young man.

The scattered man had some guesses in his heart.

"Old Yan Donglai! A Nascent Soul cultivator who does not belong to this era."

The young man in white stood with his hands behind his back, and the vicissitudes and rustic aura on his body were definitely not something a young man who cultivated Qi could play.

Nascent Soul Great Cultivator!

The exuding man gasped, and his heart shook three times.

It's no wonder that this person knows the profound secrets of spiritual consciousness, and just relying on the spiritual consciousness of the foundation-building period caused his mind to be traumatized.

To be called a Nascent Soul Great Cultivator, at least the late Nascent Soul.

Such a big person, Yuanying Zhenjun from Lihuo Palace would respectfully call him senior when he saw him.

In Liang Guoxiu's world, not to mention the late Nascent Soul, the middle Nascent Soul has not been born for thousands of years.

"It turned out to be Senior Yan, please forgive me for disturbing the younger generation."

Liang Shaotian didn't dare to stand with his hands behind his back, he bowed with both hands, and said respectfully.

As for Lu Changan's state at this time, he had some speculations in his heart.

This young man may have the remnant soul of the Nascent Soul Great Cultivator on his body.

Although such an old monster is extremely weak now, no one knows how many unpredictable methods it has.

"Who are you and why did you come here?"

Lu Changan questioned with his hands behind his back and deep eyes.

at this time.

The "handsome man" of the first generation of the Jiuyin Monument, the light and shadow are vivid, stripped from the first frame seal, and integrated into Lu Changan's body.

In Lu Chang'an's first life, his cultivation had reached the peak of the ninth level of Qi Refining, and his spiritual consciousness surpassed the same level, which was similar to that of the initial stage of foundation establishment.

In the mid-stage of Qi refining in Lu Changan's life, his spiritual consciousness has already surpassed that of ordinary late-stage Qi refining.

With the combination of the two, the spiritual consciousness is slightly better than the initial stage of foundation establishment.

Cooperating with the second world's secret method of spiritual consciousness, it exerted a terrifying mental deterrent, directly shocking the man who emitted it.

"Senior Huiyan, I'm Xialiang Shaotian."

The hairy man didn't dare to neglect, and replied respectfully:

"The younger generation is a monk from Liang Guobei. Because of being framed, he was wanted and ambushed by the Cultivation Sect. He was severely injured and his cultivation level fell. This is why he has no choice but to make this terrible plan..."

"Liang Shaotian?"

Lu Changan murmured, never heard of this person's name.

"Your foundation is frustrated, and your emptiness will not be filled."

He glanced at Liang Shaotian again, shook his head and said.

"Doesn't make up for the deficiency? Excuse me, senior, how to treat it."

Liang Shaotian humbly asked for advice.

"Need to replenish yin. Slowly recuperate, don't eat too many medicinal herbs that are full of blood and qi."

Lu Changan said flatly.

Yin tonic?

Liang Shaotian thoughtfully, cupped his hands and said: "Senior Xie Yan for pointing out, if I have offended you, I will leave now."

Hearing that this evil cultivator was about to leave, Lu Changan secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Possessed with the power of the soul of the first life, he can only launch the attack of the consciousness just twice, and he cannot really threaten this evil foundation-establishment cultivator.

After all, there is no comparison between the mana in the Qi Refining Stage and the Foundation Establishment Stage.

"That's right, Senior Yan."

Liang Shaotian flew several feet away, turned his head abruptly, and looked over with a flash in his eyes.

"Can you let me take some of the precious spiritual herbs in the medicine garden?"

This change made Lu Changan secretly think about the cunning of the evil cultivator.

Obviously, this son has doubts about his strength and status.

This is how to testify.

At this time, Liang Shaotian must not be weak and let Liang Shaotian easily take away the precious medicinal materials.

Otherwise, it will only make the other party gain an inch and see his own guilty conscience.

Of course, you can't be too exaggerated and reprimand the other party like a fool.

If the Great Cultivator Nascent Soul had one-tenth of his foundation, the memorization of the secret art of spiritual consciousness just now would have shattered Liang Shaotian's soul.

Both parties are aware of this.

But they are afraid of each other.

"Spirit grass, what do you give in exchange?"

Lu Changan remained expressionless, and responded lightly.

"What do seniors want?"

Liang Shaotian's hair was scattered behind his back, revealing a pale face with distinct features, his nose hanging like a gall, his lips were slightly thin, and his eyes were dark and cold.

Lu Changan thought to himself, this evil cultivator is still a handsome man.

"Is there any Zhu Ji Dan?"

"No." Liang Shaotian twitched his lips.

He guessed that this Nascent Soul monster was just a remnant soul, his memory was probably incomplete, and he had to pave the way for the possessed boy.

"Inheritance of alchemy, inheritance of body refining, inheritance of puppet... Are there any of these?"

Lu Changan continued to ask.

"There is no inheritance of puppet. There is inheritance of alchemy and body refining."

Liang Shaotian took out two jade tubes.

Lu Changan wrapped the jade tube with power and checked it.

It was found that there was an inheritance of alchemy in the foundation building period, and a body training method called "Yunsha Body Refining Jue".

Lu Changan put away the jade tube, acquiescing to Liang Shaotian to take away a batch of precious spiritual herbs.

"Senior Yan, happy cooperation."

Liang Shaotian smiled, but he felt a strange feeling.

"This junior is facing the pursuit of the sect. After this attack, he will go to other places. I hope that in the future, I can still get guidance from Senior Yan..."

After finishing speaking, Liang Shaotian drifted away.


Lu Changan stood with his hands behind his back, and he didn't let go of his hands behind his back until he confirmed that Liang Shaotian was gone.

The [Nine Seal Monument] in my mind.

The imprint of the first life, which was finally lit up, was once again dead silent.

"Two dogs..."

Lu Changan checked the condition of the monks in the medicine garden.

Fortunately, Liang Shaotian's "Earth Shaking Evil Sound" was only an auxiliary search secret technique, and none of the monks and mortals in the medicine garden died.

"It seems that this evil cultivator is not killing innocent people indiscriminately."

Lu Chang'an knew that if Liang Shaotian used the "Earth Shaking Evil Sound" more aggressively, he could at least shock those mortals to death.


Not long after, Li Ergou and other monks woke up one after another, looking tired.

"Brother Lu, where did the evil cultivator go? Did he make things difficult for you?"

Li Ergou had lingering fears.

"No, I was hiding in the basement before and suddenly fainted. Maybe it's because my cultivation is low, so I'm not the master of the medicine garden he thinks."

Lu Changan's answer was reasonable.

Normally, in an important place like the medicine garden, the person in charge is a monk in the late stage of Qi training.

Because of the frontline war, this was temporarily downgraded.

The Zheng family was a little better, and sent a young and strong monk who practiced Qi at the sixth level.

Let Lu Changan, the fourth level of Qi Refining, guard the medicine garden, and the head of the family, Mu Maode, is also gambling.

"Haha! It turns out that low cultivation is also good."

Li Ergou felt fortunate that although there was a loss in the medicine garden, everyone was safe and sound.

Waited for an hour.

Lu Changan frowned: "Why hasn't the family's reinforcements arrived yet?"

"You, the Hui tribe, report the news and see what's going on."

He ordered a little girl and ordered.


		