

"Zheng Centipede! How dare you attack the Mu family monks in front of Feiyue Lake!"

Looking at the black-skinned man on the ninth floor of Qi refining, Patriarch Mu's tone was cold and furious.

On the way, he kept vigilant, not wanting to be attacked as soon as he got to his door.

"Kill! Quick battle!"

Centipede Zheng grinned grimly, pinched the magic formula, and the flaming saber under his feet soared to the size of the door panel, and a strange black glow appeared in the depths of the dancing fireworks on the blade!

The light and flame of the knife pierced through the air, and directly slashed Patriarch Mu.

At the same time, the six monks behind Zheng Centipede made their moves one after another, and the lowest cultivation bases were all in the middle stage of Qi refining.

One of the beautiful women on the seventh floor of Qi Refining casted the vine spell, and strips of green vines came out from the ground and entangled Patriarch Mu.

"Dare to be arrogant in front of Mu's house, stay here today!"

Patriarch Mu's face was somber, he held out a green flag, and threw a pestle on the ground, forming a blue wind roll the size of a hut on the spot.

Another talisman was crushed, and the golden mask protected the body.

puff! puff!

However, with one against two, Patriarch Mu quickly fell into a disadvantage, the light of the green flag in front of him dimmed, and the golden mask was cut by the flame blade.

Four monks from the Mu family met five mid-stage Qi refining monks from the Zheng family.

It is also based on less and more, the situation is not optimistic.

The thrilling fight caught the surviving teenagers by surprise.

Quite a few people were pale and their legs were fighting.

When they first entered the world of cultivating immortals, had they ever seen such a scene?

"The world of cultivating immortals is too dangerous! I want to go home and farm..." Li Ergou cried with a trembling voice.

"You go to the family!"

A young man from the Mu family who was at the fifth level of Qi Refining sent a sound transmission to several people.

This person, Lu Changan, has an impression.

His name was Mu Yunfei, and he had distributed spirit stones to ten teenagers before.

"Yes, run away!"

"We're just a burden here."

The teenagers reacted quickly and ran towards Feiyue Lake.

"I'm afraid it's not that simple."

Lu Changan frowned slightly, and did not rush to escape.

The monks of the Zheng family obviously have the advantage in numbers, but they just entangle Patriarch Mu and others, but ignore them.

This made Lu Changan feel abnormal.

Sure enough, the teenagers only escaped tens of meters.

laugh!

A wind blade several feet long passed the fastest running boy.

It was too late to scream.

The boy's head was separated from his body, and blood gushed out.

hiss!

The fleeing boy stopped abruptly, the hairs all over his body stood on end.

"There's an ambush!"

Patriarch Mu and the four family monks' complexions sank.

On the big tree on the side of the road, three monks fell.

Two men and one woman.

The leader was an ugly woman with a four-level cultivation of Qi Refining, and told the two young monks behind her:

"This is your first real battle in the world of cultivating immortals! Follow me to kill the remaining eight fairy seedlings, don't take it lightly..."

"Sister Feng, don't worry!"

"We have magic tools in hand, killing these young fairy seedlings is like killing chickens!"

The two young men were about twenty years old, and they had cultivated to the third level of Qi Refining. The expressions on their faces were more excited than nervous.

Lu Changan had a keen sense and heard the conversation between the three.

Obviously, the ugly woman wanted to use these fairy seedlings as sharpening stones for the young people in the clan.

Right now, these fairy seedlings are weak in cultivation, have no magic weapon, and are not proficient in spells. Facing the three ugly women, they really have no resistance at all.

Just two young people at the third level of Qi Refining and magic weapons in hand can kill them.

"Time is limited, kill quickly!"

The ugly woman took the lead, even though she didn't bother to sacrifice the magical weapon, she casually chopped off a fairy girl with a wind blade.

There are only seven Xianmiao people left.

Among them, there are only three or four who know one or two spells.

"Zheng Yan, let's compare, who kills more!"

The two young men laughed wildly, like tigers in a herd of sheep, manipulating magic weapons to kill them.

"Humph!"

Lu Changan knew he couldn't just sit still, so he rubbed out a stone-sized fireball with his fingertips, and suddenly attacked one of the young men.

Fireball, one of the less powerful fire spells.

This is the only attack spell that Lu Changan learned from the casual monk.

However, in Lu Changan's hands, the power and speed of this fire bomb are more than 50% stronger than before.

"So fast!"

The young monk was taken aback, and hastily manipulated the magic weapon iron sword to return to defense.

Peng!

The flame burst, and most of the power was blocked by the magic weapon, but a small amount of flame made the young monk burnt out.

"Little bastard!"

The young monk was furious. A fireball was not a big threat, but it made him lose face.

After all, his opponent is just a fairy seedling at the first level of Qi refining.

The young monk manipulated the iron sword, the magic weapon, and was about to unleash a blow of fury.

"Yan'er, be careful!"

The sharp wind came, and the ugly woman in the distance cried out in alarm.

However, it's too late!

Lu Changan's body dragged the afterimage, approaching him in the blink of an eye.

One finger pops out, three feet of aura!

The young monk named Zheng Yan froze and looked at the bloody hole in his chest in a daze.

The three-foot aura pierced his heart.

This is the top martial art that Lu Changan participated in, "Sky Snap Fingers".

The previous fireball technique was just a cover-up.

"Martial arts are innate, not to be underestimated."

After killing Zheng Yan, Lu Changan downplayed it.

Pick up the magic weapon flying sword dropped by the opponent.

Amidst the ugly woman's frightened roar, she retreated quickly.

"Zheng Yan..."

Another young monk of the Zheng family lost his voice in shock and was slightly dazed, his ferocious attack slowed down.

Fairy seedlings win breathing time.

Fight!

Encouraged by Lu Changan, several teenagers who knew magic joined forces to attack another young monk on the third level of Qi training.

"Yan'er—"

The ugly woman on the fourth level of Qi refining roared, her eyes were bloodshot, and she chased Lu Chang'an with killing intent.

Chi Chi Chi!

Three consecutive wind blades slashed.

The spell that can instantly kill other fairy seedlings has no effect on Lu Changan.

His strong spiritual sense allowed him to react sharply enough.

With the martial arts master's body speed, he wouldn't suffer too much against the fourth level of Qi Refining.

“A natural warrior?”

The ugly woman gritted her teeth, calmed down quickly, and offered a small gold and copper bell.

Lu Changan's complexion changed, and without even thinking about it, he shot three fireballs with his backhand.

The ugly woman wore a sneer on her face, she did not hide or evade, she poured all her mana into it, and the small gold and copper bell in front of her hummed, forming a copper-colored mask, like an upside-down copper bowl.

Canopy! Canopy! Peng!

Three fire bombs hit the copper mask and exploded violently.

The luster of the small gold and copper bell has weakened by 30%.

"The power of this fire bomb?"

The ugly woman couldn't help but be moved. The three fire bombs that Lu Changan fired were actually somewhat more powerful than before, approaching a third-level Qi training monk.

After several consecutive fire bombs, Lu Changan's mana was mostly lost, while Changqing's mana was continuously recovering.

"Death!" The ugly woman's eyes showed a cold light.

The small gold and copper bell rang with a deafening clang, and a young man with a low cultivation level not far away was bleeding from his mouth and nose.

A circle of pale golden ripples rushed towards Lu Changan at a terrifying speed.

"Sonic attack, shocking the soul?"

Lu Changan's mind shook slightly, and he recovered instantly.

Heavenly evil voice!

He circulated his innate zhenqi, took a deep breath, and his belly and cheeks swelled up like balloons.

Another martial arts stunt.

Roar!

Sand and stones flew, and a sound wave of evil spirit shaped like a tiger's howl collided with the menacing light golden ripples.

Even though the small gold and copper bell has been weakened by 30%, it still crushes and swallows the demon sound of the evil spirit.

In the end, with only 10 to 20 percent of the pale golden ripples left, Lu Changan protected his body with innate qi, and his tyrannical physique forced himself to follow.

His body was shaken back, and his blood was churning.

A little sonic power that penetrated into the viscera was finally dissolved by Gu Mu Changqing's mana.

"This little thief, how is it possible!"

The ugly woman was stunned, it was really hard to believe it.

Her little magic weapon, good at sonic attacks, has a slight soul-stirring effect, but it was safely resolved by that kid with magic and martial arts sonic skills.


After resolving the fatal blow.

Lu Changan quickly opened the distance, and was about to activate the "Burning Blood Technique".

This technique can forcibly raise his cultivation to the peak of the third level of Qi Refining, but the side effects are relatively serious.

Fortunately, the opponent's magic weapon ultimate move has a relatively obvious spell-casting action, and cannot be activated at a high frequency.

The ugly woman's killing intent remained undiminished, and she still wanted to chase after her.

“Retreat!”

At this time, Centipede Zheng screamed in surprise, with a sense of anxiety.

Lu Changan glanced over and found a unicorn that cast lightning, like a horse or a cow, beside Patriarch Mu.

The strength of the unicorn was comparable to that of the eighth level of Qi training, and it drove back the beautiful woman of the seventh level of Qi training.

Afterwards, the unicorn's cold eyes glanced at the ugly woman, and rushed in this direction.

"Go!"

The ugly woman's fat face trembled, and she called out the third-level juniors who were still fighting fiercely to leave.

The monks of the Zheng family retreated hastily.

Lu Changan understood that even with the addition of unicorns, the monks of the Zheng family still had the power to fight.

But near the Mu family's garrison, the monks of the Zheng family did not dare to fight, it was originally a strategy for a quick battle.

There is a thunder!

A bolt of lightning fell, killing the slowest young man on the third floor of the Qi refining family of the Zheng family.

The Zheng family withdrew at the cost of losing two third-level Qi refining monks.

As for the Mu family, four immortal seedlings died in the scuffle.

It is clear at a glance who wins and who loses.

Lu Changan regained his mana and inspected the flying sword in his hand.

"Bah! Poor..."

I thought it was a low-grade magic weapon, but after inspection, it was found to be a low-quality magic weapon with several defects on the surface.

Lu Changan thought for a while.

He came to the body of the monk named Zheng Yan who was killed by him.

Carefully touch the corpse to see if there are other loot.


		