

Mu Family Medicine Garden.

The next day, Lu Changan moved into Ge Danshi's previous compound.

This compound was originally garrisoned by the medicine garden, because Ge Yi's previous aloof status was taken over.

Before Mu Renlong left, he searched Ge Yi's yard, but nothing of value was left behind.

Lu Changan moved in for the sake of privacy and spaciousness.

It is convenient for him to draw symbols and study alchemy.

And cultivate spiritual pets.

Under the basement of the yard, there is a small hidden tunnel that adults cannot pass through.

This is the exclusive passage for the rock rat.

In the following two days, the Mu family's supplementary staff arrived one after another.

In addition to mortal farmers, handymen and so on.

There are only six monks.

After Lu Changan saw it, he shook his head secretly, and described it in eight words:

The old, the weak, the sick, and the disabled, the abundance of yin and the decline of yang.

There are four teenagers on the first and second floors of Qi Refining, and three of them are girls.

An old woman with four levels of Qi refining and dim eyesight, whose lifespan is nearing the end of her life, is responsible for taking care of medicinal herbs.

There was also a crippled young man with a dark skin on crutches.

Oh, the lame young man is Li Ergou.

Two months ago, Li Ergou broke his leg at the front line, and the family gave him half a year to recuperate.

It happened that the medicine garden was short of manpower, so he was transferred here to recuperate.

"Brother Lu is worthy of being a hero of the Jianghu. He actually teamed up with the eldest lady to repel the inner ghost of the seventh level of Qi training!"

After the meeting, Li Ergou was amazed and asked about the situation that day.

Those little girls in the early stage of Qi refining had bright and pure eyes showing admiration, and there was also a faint fire of gossip.

Together to repel?

Lu Changan nodded: "It mainly depends on the eldest lady, and I will be on the sidelines to check."

The publicity of the Mu family is in line with Lu Chang'an's wishes.

The specific reason, he has some guesses.

One, it's not easy to tell the public about the details of Mu's daughter being in a coma.

This is easy for outsiders to daydream, which is not conducive to reputation.

Simply speaking, in general terms, the two teamed up to repel Ge Yi.

Second, it can improve the reputation of the daughter of the Mu family and make a contribution in the clan.

Because Mu Xiuyun has a higher level of cultivation and is the eldest lady, it is easy for outsiders to understand that she is the main force to defeat Ge Yi.

"By the way, Brother Lu, this is a letter from Zhao Siyao and Lin Yi."

Li Ergou handed over two letters.

For the past year, Lu Chang'an has been stationed in the medicine garden, and letters from outside have been sent to the tribe.

The letters of the major forces mainly rely on domestic servants, messengers, and carrier pigeons.

The higher-ups of Xianmen have higher means of communication.


Lu Changan read Lin Yi's two letters first.

The first letter, congratulations to Lu Changan for becoming a Tier 1 talisman master.

The letter mentioned the struggle between the Mu family and the Zheng family, implicitly expressing that they are not optimistic about the Mu family, so Lu Changan should pay attention to it.

In the second letter, which was sent last month, Lin Yi said that he had formed a faction in the secular world, called 'Yinxian Pavilion'.

This force mainly serves the cultivators.

With a small number of casual cultivators as the skeleton, absorb secular martial arts masters, collect all kinds of information, and look for immortal cultivation resources and treasures wandering in the secular world.

In the future, Yinxian Pavilion will consider doing casual cultivator business, running errands for sect disciples, and making connections.

"It's a good idea." Lu Changan thought about it.

In the letter, Lin Yi invited Lu Changan to join, promising the status of a deputy cabinet master.

If Lu Changan doesn't join, he doesn't force it either.

At the end of the letter, I begged Lu Chang'an to sell a batch of basic talismans and first-order low-grade talismans at a reasonable price, so as to facilitate the development of Yinxian Pavilion in the early stage.

Naturally, Lu Changan would not refuse.

Before that, Lin Yi also helped him, such as inquiring about Mu's family and helping to introduce casual repair fairs.

Lu Chang'an wrote back, promising to give Lin Yi 20 pieces of basic talismans and 10 pieces of low-grade first-grade talismans in the first batch, calculated according to the wholesale purchase price of the shops in Fangshi.

As for Yinxian Pavilion, Lu Changan did not agree to join.

It's okay to keep working together.

This will allow Lu Changan to have one more channel to learn about the information at the bottom of the world of cultivating immortals.


He opened Zhao Siyao's letter again.

In the letter, Zhao Siyao asked about Lu Changan's recent situation, and mentioned her general situation in the sect.

Zhao Siyao also knew that he had become a talisman master, so he expressed his relief in the letter.

"Seven levels of Qi training? Are you going to compete for the status of core disciple?"

Lu Changan captured a key piece of information.

The core disciples of Jinyun Valley must be under forty years old, and there are only thirty places.

Most of them are strong players at the eighth or ninth level of Qi refining.

Zhao Siyao was going to try to attack after the eighth level of Qi Refining.

In Jinyun Valley, the biggest advantage of the core disciples is that they get the Foundation Establishment Pill first than ordinary disciples.

Lu Changan was not very optimistic about Zhao Siyao.

First, compared with the core disciples, Zhao Siyao's qualifications are not outstanding.

The core disciples are basically middle-grade spiritual roots and above, and a few top-grade spiritual roots.

Second, Zhao Siyao's family background has no advantages. Although there are immortal cultivators in his ancestors, they are not from the immortal cultivating family.

It's not even as good as when your parents are disciples of casual cultivators.

In the world of cultivating immortals, the phenomenon of "fighting father" is very serious.

Without the help of the elders of the immortal cultivators, it would be far from a good start.

Zhao Siyao's only advantage was her good looks and temperament, which made her stand out among female cultivators.

However, if such a beautiful female disciple doesn't get close to a disciple with a background, or is unspoken by the seniors, sometimes it will cause trouble instead.


Reply to Zhao Siyao.

Lu Changan carried three medium-grade talismans, including one high-quality talisman.

These three talismans are more than enough to repay the ten spirit stones borrowed back then.

Using talismans to repay debts and human relationships showed Zhao Siyao his value.

Only experienced first-level talisman masters can refine high-quality first-level middle-grade talismans, and the chances are very low.

"With Zhao Siyao's intelligence, he said in advance about competing for the core disciples, maybe I hope I can help in the future."

This letter may be a foreshadowing.

Do you want to help Zhao Siyao?

Lu Changan believes that it is possible to invest appropriately.

Because this is a low-risk, high-return investment.

At this stage, Zhao Siyao has not yet grown up, and it is time to send charcoal in the snow.

Once she becomes a core disciple, the hope of being promoted to the Foundation Establishment Stage is much greater than that of ordinary monks.

Suppose, Lu Changan borrowed 100 spirit stones, and Ergou and Lin Yi each borrowed 50 spirit stones.

There are a total of two hundred spirit stones, which is not a small amount for the later stages of Qi refining, and is close to the value of a middle-grade magic weapon.

Once Zhao Siyao succeeds in establishing the foundation in the future, what is this spirit stone?

Just congratulations in advance.

At that time, the three of Lu Chang'an will all have backers in the foundation building period, and if they want to build a foundation in the future, they will also have a master to take care of them.

Even if Zhao Siyao failed to build the foundation.

The loss of this little spirit stone is not painful at Lu Changan's current value.

Moreover, as long as the foundation building does not fail and die, the borrowed spirit stones... must be returned.


After the medicine garden has been replenished.

Lu Changan instructed the little girls of the Mu family how to patrol and guard, and how to use the formation.

In the early stages of Qi refining, they had just left the identity of Xianmiao, so they didn't understand many things.

Lu Changan often has to teach him hand in hand.

Fortunately, Lu Changan practiced health cultivation skills in this life, and his mentality was relatively good, and he did not lose his temper.

"Have you heard? The head of the family has returned, and the marriage talk with the 'Maple Leaf Huang's' family has collapsed!"

"The talk broke down? What's the matter?"

During the break, the three little girls from the Mu family were chatting and gossiping.

"Originally, our Mu family wanted to marry the eldest lady to Huang Yu, the young master of the Huang family, to facilitate cooperation between the two. However, the Huang family was so angry that they refused to give the eldest lady the status of "lawful wife". wife."

"How unreasonable! Miss is so outstanding, she is also a talisman teacher... The Huang family is totally dishonest."

"Hey, the Huang family has three foundations in one family, and their young master is a high-grade spiritual root, so he really has the capital to be arrogant."


Lu Changan's senses were keen, and he heard a few gossips from the little girl.

He came from a family of cultivators in his previous life, so he understood what the Huang family did.

He even vaguely guessed the plan of the Huang family...

But there is no way, the Maple Leaf Huang family is much stronger, and now is a dangerous and weak period for the Mu family.

The identities of the two parties are completely unequal.

The surrounding Xiuxian families watched the battle between the Mu family and the Zheng family with cold eyes.

The balance of victory is leaning towards the Zheng family.


However, ten days later.

An amazing news came.

Zheng Yuanhua, the elder of the Zheng family, passed away in a strange way!

Zheng Yuanhua, at the ninth level of Qi refining, is one of the strongest fighters in the Qi refining stage of the Huang family.

The Mu family raised their hands in celebration, as if confirming the correctness of the news.

The Mu family also has internal support in the Zheng family, but their status is not high.

Family elders like Zheng Yuanhua often have soul cards in the clan.

Once the body dies outside, the family will know immediately.

Lu Chang'an suspected that the news had a certain delay.

"How did Zheng Yuanhua die? I heard that even the body was not found?"

Lu Changan was puzzled.

The beast card and flying boat in his storage bag were all made by this person, so he paid more attention to it.

Judging from Lu Chang'an's experience, it would be very difficult to kill Zheng Yuanhua at the ninth level of Qi Refining without the cooperation of two or three people of the same rank, or the establishment of foundations.

Defeating and killing are two concepts.

One death, the situation is reversed!

The Mu family became tough in the frontline mining area.

Although, the young and strong monks of the Mu family are no match for the Zheng family.

But now, the Mu family has a clear advantage in terms of elder-level high-end combat power.

Zheng Yuanhua's status is equivalent to that of Mu Renlong of the Mu family, so one can imagine.

Not long after, news came from the front.

The ancestors of the Zheng family and the ancestors of the Mu family resumed negotiations and reached an agreement.

The two sides cease fighting.

The Zheng family made a concession, willing to jointly supervise and equally share the associated mine "Purple Heart Copper".


On this day, Lu Changan stood on the top of the mountain, looking at the "Yuexin Island" in the center of Feiyue Lake.

"came back."

He sensed the return of the ancestor of the Mu family from afar.

This validates the news from the front.

The dispute between the two immortal cultivating families seems to be coming to an end.


		