

"Lu Changan, how long have you been in Mu's house?"

Murenlong has a strong aura, his voice is deep and thick, and he is not angry but powerful.

"Twenty years." Lu Changan replied.

"It's been so long?" Mu Renlong couldn't help but sigh with emotion, "Over the years, you have made a lot of contributions to the Mu family, and you are considered one of your own family."

"If you fall in love with any girl in the family, no matter who it is, a certain family will decide for you!"

Mu Renlong cast an encouraging look, and there was a hint of domineering in his tone.

Without waiting for Lu Changan's answer, he got up and went to the auction.

Lu Changan heard what Mu Renlong meant, and supported his marriage with Mu Xiuyun.

Even if Mu Maode disagreed, he had to submit.

After all, Mu Renlong, who was in the foundation-building period, was one-sided in the Mu family, and his style was more domineering than that of the previous ancestors.

Mu Maode looked sullen and lost in his heart.

Such an excellent daughter of her own, with a beautiful face and a first-rank top-rank talisman master, was actually given over by a pig that seemed harmless to humans and animals.

But on second thought.

If it is a marriage, Lu Changan, as an excellent talisman master, has outstanding looks and calm behavior, so it is quite suitable.

In this way, the two outstanding talents will not be lost, and they will be firmly bound to the Mu family.

He was blinded by his old father's emotions before.

In contrast, Mu Renlong controlled the overall situation, was more rational, and directly supported Lu Changan.


The location of the bamboo leaf mountain auction is located in a temple venue near the top of the mountain, and it has just been built.

The specifications of the auction are relatively high, and participants must verify that they have two hundred spirit stones, or possess items of higher value.

This ruled out some poor casual cultivators who just wanted to join in the fun.

The Mu family is an invited guest, so there is no need for verification, and they go directly through the special passage.

"Brother Renlong! If you can come to support us in person, the bamboo leaf mountain will be full of splendor."

An old man from the Huang family who was in the foundation period greeted Mu Renlong with a friendly face.

"The founder of the Huang family, Huang Changling."

Looking at the ancient man with protruding cheekbones, Lu Changan recognized his identity.

After all, he has been in Fangshi for so many years, and some important people in the Huang family have basically met, or at least heard of.

The Huang family built three foundations in one family, and Huang Changling's cultivation was not the highest, but he had profound qualifications and guarded Zhuyeshanfang City all year round.

The holding of the auction this time is of great importance, and there must be more than one foundation builder from the Huang family.

The auction venue is in the shape of a semicircle and is extremely open.

On the floor of the meeting place, futons were spread one by one, keeping a distance of more than two feet.

The VIP stand where the Mu family is located is similar to a suspended terrace and can accommodate ten people.

In this auction, apart from high-level monks, the Mu family also brought two young rookies to gain knowledge.

Lu Changan sat at the VIP table, enjoying the spiritual tea and spiritual fruit served by the waitress.

From top to bottom, overlooking the details of the auction venue.

Lu Changan saw Li Ergou, Zhao Siyao, and Lin Yi sitting on adjacent futons.

Li Ergou grinned and also saw Lu Changan on the VIP platform.

"Lu Changan is really hugging his thigh!"

Seeing Lu Changan, Mu Xiuyun, and the senior members of the Mu family sitting together, Lin Yi sighed secretly.

Lu Chang'an may marry Miss Mu's family in the future, even if he is married, it is already extremely enviable.

"As expected of a big brother."

Li Ergou admired him. Thinking back to the time when these fairy seedlings narrowly escaped death, they were so amazed when they saw that gentle and jade-like girl for the first time.

They didn't even dare to think about marrying the daughter of the Mu family.


Half an hour later, the futons in the auction venue were almost full of people.

hum!

A soft beam of light descended from the sky, covering the auction platform directly in front of it, like daytime.

"Welcome fellow daoists to come to Bamboo Leaf Mountain to join us. The old 'Guangcheng Lin', thanks to the approval of the host, to host this auction."

A slightly fat old man in a feather robe, with a smile on his face, cupped his hands above and below the stage.

"First explain the rules of this auction. Mental awareness threats, malicious price increases, and private connections... All behaviors that affect the normal order of the auction will be expelled from the auction venue at least, and the cultivation base will be abolished at worst."

"Let's not gossip, the first auction item in this auction is 'Qing Qi Pill'."

"As we all know, 'Qing Qi Pill' is a broken-level elixir for promotion to the middle stage of Qi refining. Today, five pills will be auctioned. The starting price of each pill is 100 low-grade spirit stones, and the minimum price will increase by five spirit stones each time."

Before the words were finished, a beautiful maid in a green dress came in with a tray.

"Qing Qi Pill!"

"The first auction item is the rank-breaking elixir."

The monks from all sides on the field looked excited.

Although the Qingqi Pill is only a broken-level pill for promotion to the middle stage of Qi refining, which faction and immortal cultivator will have no descendants?

This kind of broken-rank elixir has always been a scarce commodity.

"I offer one hundred and five!"

"one hundred twenty!"

Quotations came one after another, coming from all parties in the venue.

In the end, nearly 200 spirit stones were sold for the first one, which is equivalent to the value of a middle-grade magic weapon.

Afterwards, the remaining four Qingqi Pills were all contested.

"The following is the second auction item, the medium-grade magic weapon 'Qinggang Zimujian'..."

The old man in the feather robe raised his hand with a smile.

"A middle-grade magic weapon! A complete set of magic weapons!"

The eyes of those monks in the middle and late stage of Qi refining are bright.

Lu Changan was moved, the Qinggang Zimu Sword was stronger than the flying shuttle magic weapon he had obtained from Ge Danshi, it was considered a high-quality product of the same level, similar to the black net.

But in the end, he wasn't involved.

One more excellent medium-grade magic weapon will not significantly improve his strength.

For this auction, he has items that he valued, so he needs to concentrate his firepower.

Next, the auction items were presented one by one, sometimes setting off a wave in the field.

"The sixteenth auction item in this auction is the first-order life-extending pill. There are three pills in total, each of which can prolong life for five years. This old man reminds everyone that only the first pill of this kind of life-extending pill can prolong life, and the effects cannot be superimposed. .”

"First-order longevity pill?"

The young monks lacked interest, but those middle-aged and elderly monks all had their eyes full.

A few old men who were dozing off immediately regained their energy.

"First-order life-prolonging pill, the holy medicine for extending life! The auction starts with two hundred low-grade spirit stones, and the price will increase by no less than ten spirit stones each time."

The old man in the feather robe looked excited and announced loudly.

"Two hundred and fifty spirit stones!"

A white-haired old man with nine layers of Qi refining and a wrinkled face couldn't wait to make an offer.

He actually increased the price by fifty spirit stones at a time.

However, this price has not deterred other competitors.

"Two hundred sixty!"

"Two hundred and eighty!"

"three hundred!"

In a short time, the price of a longevity pill soared by half of the auction price.

"Three hundred and ten!"

"Four hundred!"

The participation of an oddly young voice silenced the bidders for a brief moment.

A price increase of nearly a hundred!

"Brother Lu?"

Hearing the familiar voice, Li Ergou couldn't help being stunned, and looked at the VIP platform above.

The senior members of the Mu family, Mu Renlong, Mu Maode, including Mu Xiuyun, all looked at Lu Changan in surprise.

"Lu Chang'an, have you ever practiced any secret technique that has greatly reduced your lifespan?"

Mu Maode looked at Lu Changan coldly, then glanced at his daughter unbearably.

"Maode, Lu Chang'an is in full bloom, full of yang energy, and definitely not short-lived."

Mu Renlong chuckled, also curious.

"The younger generation is late in practicing cultivation, which leads to insufficient potential. The purpose of buying the longevity pill is to make up for the lost years."

Lu Changan was well prepared and said calmly.

"Uh... is this the reason?"

Everyone in the Mu family looked at each other, speechless to refute this reason.

However, normal monks would not pay such a high price to prolong their life unless their lifespan was approaching the end.

With that spirit stone, it is better to buy precious pills and improve your cultivation as much as possible.

Furthermore, whether a monk can advance to a higher realm, five years less or five years more, will not affect the overall situation.

The upper limit of personal cultivation is often determined in youth.

Lu Changan bid for the Longevity Pill because he considered that the cultivation of Changqing Kungfu needs to absorb the breath of time, and performing the secret healing technique will consume life energy.

Yanshou Dan, the word Yanshou, is closely related to the efficacy of Evergreen Kung Fu.

He wanted to test the effect of taking the Longevity Pill by himself.

"Four hundred and ten!"

A cold snort came, a certain old man added ten spirit stones in the late stage of Qi refining.

The first-order life-extending pill did not participate in the foundation-building period.

Because most of the old foundation-building period had used the first-order life-extending pill, repeating it would be invalid.

"Four hundred and fifty!"

Lu Changan's fare increase was very violent, as if he was bound to win.

This scene made those elderly people look sideways and stare at them viciously.

A boy with a carefree life expectancy competes with these old immortals who have half a foot in the coffin for life-extending pills?

Immediately the crowd was furious!

However, Lu Changan is too young, just a stupefied young man, I am afraid he is not the right owner, so there is no need to be angry with him.

This person is sitting at the VIP table of Mu's house?

"Mumode! What's going on with your Mu family? Sending a young man to compete with our centenarians for life span?"

"Mu Renlong! Back then, your father and I were close friends, but you disregarded your status as a foundation builder, and you were so vicious, trying to force us old fellows to die early?"

These gray-haired elderly monks gritted their teeth and turned their spearheads on the senior members of the Mu family.


		