

Every night, there are not a few monks from the Mu family who come to Feiyue Lake to "shoot birds".

Most of them are young people in the early stage of gas refining.

Most of the young and strong monks of the Mu family are in the copper mining area.

The osprey at the door of the house is just a half-spirit beast, and it poses little threat to the monks in the Qi refining period.

This kind of errand with low risk and earning contribution, people of the tribe are willing to do it, including some mortal warriors.

However, this half-spirited osprey is not easy to catch.

First, the coast of Feiyue Lake is hundreds of miles away, and the number of monks is limited, so it is hard to guard against.

Ospreys have a certain degree of intelligence and only act at night.

Second, ospreys can both fly and dive, and have better eyesight than humans.

The Osprey couldn't beat the Qi refining period, so it only attacked the aquatic spirit fish in the lake.

Before the human monks get close, they will be noticed by the osprey, and it is difficult to catch them no matter they are flying or diving.

"Let's look for it separately."

Lu Changan stopped by the lake for a moment and suggested.

"Good! Let's see who catches the bird first."

Li Ergou was in high spirits, and plunged into the lake all his life.

"No wonder you can't catch a bird."

Lu Changan didn't go into the water, but performed lightness technique and circled around the shore of Feiyue Lake.

Occasionally, he would stop to observe the aquatic grass area by the lake.

For hundreds of years in the two lives, Lu Chang'an had a little understanding of the art of tracking.

After one turn.

Lu Changan stopped in a green shade by the lake.

Leaning against the trees, running the Evergreen Kung Fu, the breath on the body is restrained.

His sense of existence was greatly reduced, as if he had turned into a branch extending from a tree.

After half an hour.

In the night, a brown-gray water bird with a thick neck and a pointed beak quietly descended from the sky.

This osprey looked around and was about to dive into the water.

Whoosh! Snapped!

A stone came through the air, as fast as thunder, and hit the Osprey's abdomen.

The Osprey neighed, a blood hole exploded in its abdomen, and fell into the lake.

"One."

Lu Changan walked on the waves and picked up the body of the osprey.

Cast the water purification technique to remove the blood, seal the corpse in a bag, and store it in the storage bag.

After doing all this, Lu Changan changed to another place.

Continue to sit on the sidelines.

One night, Lu Changan caught four ospreys.

Li Ergou found nothing.

"Brother Lu, can you impart a little trick?"

On the matter of hunting birds, Ergou was convinced by Lu Changan.

"The following three points, can you do it?"

"First, analyze the living habits of the osprey and find a place to ambush."

"Second point, can your hiding place be hidden from the eyes of the ospreys?"

"The third point is whether it can be fast, accurate, and ruthless, so that one hit will surely hit."

After hearing the three o'clock, Li Ergou was hit hard.

Not to mention whether the first two can be done.

A few days ago, when he was lucky, he also encountered an osprey.

However, with his casting speed and accuracy, the Osprey was already far away after only one fireball was fired.

To deal with the Osprey, Lu Chang'an used the martial arts "Tian Dan Zhi" to activate the hidden weapon, and there was no aura fluctuation.

This is a big advantage.

In the next few days, Lu Changan was able to kill several ospreys every night.

Rumors of a "bird catcher" have just spread...

Lu Chang'an hid his achievements and fame deeply, so he didn't make any further moves.

This kind of low-risk, high-yield thing can be done occasionally.

Lu Changan was afraid that it would grow too long and cause hatred from the people behind the Osprey.


Each Osprey can be exchanged for five contributions.

In a few days, Lu Changan exchanged hundreds of contributions.

"Including the extra 100 contributions I got from drawing talismans in the past two years, I have accumulated a total of more than 200, which can be exchanged for better quality artifacts in the Artifact Refining Pavilion."

After returning to his family, Lu Changan made plans in his mind.

Now, the dispute between the two major cultivating families has resumed, and they have to prepare for the worst.

Strengthen your own means of protection.

Previously, Li Ergou wanted to buy the body of the Osprey from Lu Changan, making contributions to exchange for broken-level pills

Lu Changan refused.

He and Li Ergou have a good relationship, but they are not yet parents.

After becoming a talisman teacher, Lu Changan lived a happy life in Mu's family for the past three years.

The material for drawing symbols given by the Mu family every year, on the surface, he maintains normal quality and success rate.

The extra materials became his extra income.

Every few months, Lu Changan would go to Jiuyue Tower to sell some talismans.

The economy is getting better and better.

Today, Lu Changan has accumulated two to three hundred spirit stones.

This is because Lu Changan is cautious, afraid of being jealous. There are a lot of talismans in stock in the storage bag, but not all of them have been cashed out.


It's the middle of the month again.

Lu Changan had sufficient financial resources, so he went to Jiuyue Tower.

The Jiuyue Building is only a small-scale trade fair within the clan, and the grade is not high.

Can't buy middle-grade magic weapon.

Middle-grade magical artifacts have to be exchanged for contributions in the family's "Artifact Refining Pavilion".

Lu Changan spent a long time picking at the Jiuyue Tower, and bought two low-grade magical artifacts of relatively good quality.

They are "Wujin Knife" and "Qiqiao Needle".

Wujin Knife, a regular attack weapon, is made of hard material, and it is the best of low-grade magic weapons.

Qiqiao needles, a set of needle-shaped magic tools, there are seven in total, each as long as chopsticks, but much thinner.

"Family disputes are about to start, and the price of magic weapons in the clan has increased?"

Two low-grade instruments of good quality cost Lu Changan more than 200 pieces of low-grade spirit stones.

Ordinary, low-grade artifacts of ordinary quality only sell for sixty or seventy spirit stones.


The next day, Lu Changan went to his family's "Refining Pavilion".

Spending two hundred contributions, I exchanged for a middle-grade defensive magic weapon called "Rock Shield".

The steward of the Artifact Refining Pavilion repeatedly discouraged Lu Changan:

"It's difficult for a monk in the early stage of Qi refining to control a middle-grade magic weapon. You have this contribution, so why not exchange it for a broken-level elixir."

The steward said nothing wrong.

Low-grade magical artifacts and middle-grade magical artifacts correspond to the Qi refining period.

The top-grade magic weapon and the best magic weapon correspond to the foundation-building period.

Even in the mid-stage of Qi refining, one can only control one middle-grade magic weapon or two low-grade magic weapons at the same time.

Mana and consciousness double limit the use of magic tools.

Lu Changan insisted on exchanging the medium-grade magic weapon [Rock Shield], using the excuse that he would save it for future use.

In fact, Lu Changan's spiritual consciousness is not inferior to the late stage of Qi training, and it is enough to control middle-grade magic weapons.

However, limited by mana, it cannot be used for too long.


Bought three instruments in one go.

Lu Changan went back to sacrifice and practice, and his sense of security increased greatly.

Lu Changan used the same magic power to refine the Fangpa Magical Artifact obtained by killing Fairy Zimei back then.

In addition to magic tools, there are as many as twenty or thirty high-quality talismans in Lu Changan's hands!

All of them are middle-grade and top-grade talismans of the first rank.

Even the monks in the late stage of Qi refining, faced with so many powerful talismans, their scalps would feel numb.

After refining the magic weapon.

While practicing, Lu Changan paid attention to the situation of Zheng and Mu.

First up is the Osprey.

A few days ago, the Zheng family suddenly took back the harassing Osprey.

It is said that the Osprey of the Zheng family suffered a relatively large loss, and it is not worthwhile.

The timing was right after Lu Changan, the "bird-hunting master", stopped.

The second is the mining area.

The mining area is far away, in the mountains between the two ethnic groups.

The message is not accurate.

Lu Chang'an heard that the young and strong monks of the two races were confronting each other in the mine area, and more than one elder was sitting in charge.


After a few days.

There is good news from Li Ergou.

His second son "Mu Ershun" has been tested and found to have a low-grade spiritual root.

Li Ergou was ecstatic.

Among the original batch of fairy seedlings, Li Ergou was the first to give birth to descendants of spiritual roots.

Li Ergou's eldest son, named Mu Yifan, is over seven years old and a mortal.

The second son, Mu Ershun, just turned six years old.

In addition, there is a three-year-old third son and a one-year-old daughter.

"congratulations."

For this reason, Lu Changan also went to Li Ergou's banquet.

"This guy, how can you live like this?"

The fairy seedlings who participated in the banquet were very delicious.

Soon, Li Ergou was rewarded by the owner.

A Qingqi Pill.

It was the broken rank elixir he had dreamed of.

The first to give birth to an heir, the first to give birth to a spiritual root descendant.

Both rewards were won by Li Ergou.

"This kid, you're really lucky."

Lu Changan felt emotional.

It was thought that Li Ergou was blocked by the bottleneck. He has the advantage of rebuilding, and can step into the middle stage of Qi refining first.


Ten days later.

Li Ergou went out of customs and was promoted to the fourth level of Qi refining, becoming a relatively young mid-stage Qi refining in the clan.

After leaving the customs, Li Ergou was in high spirits.

Dinner again.

Those few Xianmiao people are numb, and they want to follow the ceremony again.

However, he did not dare to offend Li Ergou.

In the mid-stage of Qi refining, he is number one in the clan.

At the banquet, Li Ergou announced one thing.

He will be renamed "Li Changqing".

This name seems to have borrowed from Lu Changan.

It's already in the middle stage of Qi refining, and it's really ugly to be called Ergou.

Everyone understands what Li Ergou is thinking.

"Li Changqing..."

Ergou suddenly changed his name, and Lu Changan had a hard time adapting to it.

"Brother Lu, how about my new name?"

Li Ergou was elated and drunk.

During the banquet, Lu Changan stopped talking.

He wanted to tell Li Ergou that the cultivator's name and Taoist name cannot be changed casually.

This involves luck, and even fate.

Some have changed their names to suit immortals, like a fish in water.

Names that don't match will have conflicting fates.


Half a month later.

"Brother Lu..."

Li Ergou came over and cried loudly.

Lu Changan was surprised: "What happened?"

After questioning, Lu Changan got a bad news.

Over there in the mine.

There was a fight between the Mu family and the Zheng family, and the casualties were not small.

The Mu family urgently needs to replenish manpower, and the Hui family recruits young and strong monks.

Mainly for the mid-stage of gas refining.

Unfortunately, Li Ergou was recently promoted to the fourth level of Qi Refining and was recruited by the family.

"Brother Lu! If I die, I hope you can help take care of my wife and children..."

Li Ergou pleaded with snot and tears.


		