

Two months later, less than ten days before the auction.

The flow of people in Zhuye Mountain increased sharply, reaching an unprecedented level of popularity.

The business of Mu's talisman shop is booming, and the two apprentices, Mu Shan and Mu Ershun, are too busy.

For this reason, the Mu family sent two more clansmen to help.

On this day, Li Ergou also came to Zhuye Mountain.

"Father, Second Mother."

When Mu Ershun saw his father with a big belly, he raised his hands excitedly and rushed out of the shop.

Having been in Fangshi for many years, Mu Ershun went back once halfway, and he hadn't seen his father for a long time.

"Such a big person, I don't know how to be more prudent!"

Li Ergou kept a straight face, and was followed by a bright and tall woman in palace clothes. It was his second wife, Mu Caiwei, who had inferior spirit roots and a second-level cultivation of Qi refining.

"Brother Changqing, Er Shun hasn't seen you as a father for a long time."

Mu Caiwei smiled sweetly, and took her husband's arm.

Mu Ershun rubbed the back of his head and smiled foolishly, not daring to look directly at the beautiful Erniang who was not much older than him.

With a respectful attitude, he welcomed his father and Erniang to the living room at the back of the first floor.

"Brother."

"Changqing, brother and sister."

Not long after, Lu Changan went downstairs to entertain Li Ergou.

"Hey, hello again, big brother. I have practiced the wood system "Changchun Kungfu" for so many years, and I have hardly aged at all."

Li Ergou is now middle-aged, with a fat head and big ears, and his body is two times taller than that of Mu Caiwei.

"Cultivation of "Changchun Gong" is slow. You have to have a good attitude, keep in good health and abstinence, in order to delay aging."

Lu Changan said without a red face or a beating heart.

Li Ergou originally didn't plan to come to Fangshi, but he rushed over when he heard that Zhao Siyao and Lin Yiyao were coming soon.

By the way, take a look at your son and come out to gain knowledge.

The two chatted about some matters within the clan, and then mentioned the aspect of practice.

"Hey, I stayed on the sixth level of Qi Refining for five or six years, but I haven't been able to break through yet."

Li Ergou sighed.

Lu Changan could tell that Li Ergou had stayed at the peak of the sixth level of Qi training for a long time.

This is a hurdle.

Most of the Qi refining period cannot be crossed in a lifetime.

If you want to break through, you have to polish it all year round, or use a broken-level elixir to increase the probability.

Either way, there is no guarantee of success.

The breakthrough of life and death is not realistic for Li Ergou.

"You have been going very smoothly in the past few years. It is not a bad thing to settle down and polish it. We will wait for a 'Bi Ning Pill' in the future."

Lu Changan said with a smile.

"Bi Ningdan? It's too difficult! For the broken-level pill in the late stage of Qi refining, how many monks in the clan are waiting in line, and how many of them have made meritorious deeds in the front line. How can I compare..."

Li Ergou has self-knowledge.

Broken Rank Dan is a scarce resource, expensive, and rarely sold on the market.

Li Ergou didn't have any special skills, at most he could work part-time as husband Ling Zhi, and it would be good to support his family, but he didn't have that kind of financial resources.

Two days later.

Zhao Siyao and Lin Yi arrived at Zhuye Mountain together and found Mu's Spiritual Talisman Shop.

The living room behind the store.

The four immortal seedlings from Hengshui Mansion gathered together again after twenty years.

Compared with the last Jinyun Valley reunion, the four of them have not changed much.

Li Ergou became more handsome, and his squinted eyes were a little more rounded.

Edward Lam was dressed in a loose robe, with a calm demeanor, and his beard grew a bit longer at the corners of his mouth.

Zhao Siyao's fairy dress fluttered, her eyebrows were picturesque, she was as cold as a fairy, and she didn't see any fireworks.

"Three fellow daoists! If the calculation is correct, it has been exactly twenty years since we met."

Lin Yi smiled while stroking his beard, his eyes were bright, and his complexion was very relieved.

"Twenty years..."

The four of them looked at each other and smiled, sighing deeply, feeling how time flies.

At this time they do not know.

Over twenty years, the last successful reunion of the four will be frozen in this scene.

"Your children are now as old as we were back then."

Zhao Siyao pursed her lips and smiled, looking at Mu Ershun and Lin Lu, the sixth son brought by Lin Yi.

Lin Lu was fifteen years old, dressed in a gorgeous brocade robe, a golden crown and jade belt, handsome features, red lips and white teeth.

Mu Ershun was eighteen years old, with thick eyebrows and big eyes, a burly figure and a simple and honest face.

Regardless of talent or qualifications, Mu Ershun pales in comparison, not as good as Lin Lu.

"Xiao Lu, get acquainted with Er Shun well. From now on, you should be like brothers and support each other."

Lin Yi looked at his handsome and extraordinary son, and asked.

"Yes, father."

Lin Lu forced a smile, and reluctantly communicated with Mu Ershun.

Obviously, Lin Lu looked down on Mu Ershun.

Lin Lu's spiritual root sensitivity has reached eighteen, which is close to the middle-grade spiritual root, and he has received a large amount of resources from Yinxian Pavilion and Guang'an Houfu, and passed the assessment of Jinyun Valley last year.

Now he is an outer disciple of Jinyun Valley.

On the other hand, Mu Ershun, a child of the family, with a spiritual root sensitivity of twelve, is just an apprentice.

There are basically two classes of teenagers.

In the room, Lin Lu also showed great respect to Zhao Siyao, but he didn't care about the two elders, Lu Chang'an and Li Ergou.

In his eyes, they are all eliminated from the sect, sent under the fence, and become son-in-law.

It's not like my own father, even though he failed and rose from adversity, he created the Yinxian Pavilion single-handedly, and became famous among casual cultivators.

"Your little Lu has a good foundation."

Lu Changan commented.

It is normal for a teenage boy to be a little arrogant as a sect disciple.

"Haha! I have put so much effort into Xiaolu these years, I just don't want him to repeat the mistakes I made back then."

For Lin Lu, a young son, Lin Yi was inevitably a little proud.

He is now struggling to practice step by step, and his future achievements will not be comparable to Lu Changan and Li Ergou.

However, my son is strong.

During the chat, Lin Yi secretly revealed that the new generation of Marquis Guang'an is his own younger brother, and he secretly supports the superior.

It is equivalent to saying that Edward Lam controls Yinxian Pavilion and Guang'anhou Mansion at the same time.

The four of them were very engaged in chatting, and finished a pot of tea.

"I'll make another pot." Lu Changan was about to get up.

"Let me do it."

A female voice like a clear spring came.

Mu Xiuyun appeared at some time, elegant and generous, rolled up her skirt sleeves, and made tea for several people.

When Zhao Siyao and Lin Yi first arrived, Mu Xiuyun was taking care of the store and simply said hello.

They knew that this gentle and quiet woman was the eldest lady of the Mu family.

Not long.

Mu Xiuyun brought the teapot, and looked at Zhao Siyao with warm and bright starry eyes.

Zhao Siyao's eyes were beautiful and clear, and he nodded and smiled.

"Miss, this is not good!"

Asking Mu Xiuyun to serve tea and water, Li Ergou and Lin Yi were flattered.

"Chang'an, you continue to talk, I still have things to deal with."

Mu Xiuyun's eyes were gentle, she glanced at Lu Changan, and Shi Shi ran away.

"Brother Lu, you and Missy..."

Li Ergou sensed something was wrong and widened his eyes.

Looking at the way Lu Changan and Mu Xiuyun get along, they don't look like ordinary boyfriend and girlfriend.

"Brother Lu is really extraordinary! If you don't make a move, you can just take down the eldest lady of the Mu family."

Lam Yiu stroked his beard and smiled, but actually his heart was shocked, surprised and envious.

This is the eldest lady of the Mu family in Feiyue Lake.

Zhao Siyao was stunned, and looked over with strange eyes.

Did Lu Changan have such a plot?

Could it be that he is the kind of person who eats soft rice?

"Brother Lu, is this true?" Li Ergou's jaw was about to drop in shock. Mu Xiuyun was the dream goddess of countless young people in the clan.

"No rumors, no rumors."

Lu Changan directly denied it.

Mu Xiuyun might have mistaken Zhao Siyao as a "rival in love" just now, and came here on purpose to show her close relationship.

On weekdays, when there are outsiders around, Mu Xiuyun is actually quite reserved and reserved.

Seeing a few people questioning and disbelieving, he smiled helplessly: "Actually, I have a very good stomach."


That night, Lu Chang'an invited several people to have a feast of spiritual food in Fangshi.

Lin Yi and Zhao Siyao were preparing to participate in the auction, so they first stayed in the inn in Fangshi.

There were still three days left for the auction, and all the inns in Zhuye Mountain were full, and the prices were raised collectively.

"Are you going to participate in this auction?"

Back on the second floor of the store, Mu Xiuyun entered Lu Chang'an's room with a tender and tender attitude.

"Participate." Lu Changan didn't have time to think.

Among the auction items leaked in this auction, there are items that he must buy.

"Our Mu Family has received an invitation letter, we can enjoy VIP treatment, when will you go together?"

Mu Xiuyun's eyes were bright and full of expectation.

"it is good."

Lu Chang'an thought to himself, when the time comes to compete at the auction, if he offends anyone, the upper echelons of the Mu family will cover him.

Mu Xiuyun was overjoyed, her eyebrows were affectionate.

A blush appeared on her graceful and beautiful face, and she said softly, "Lu Lang, I won't go up today..."

puff!

A gust of fragrant wind extinguished the lights in the room.


Three days later, the day of the auction.

The Zhuye Mountain was very noisy, and light flashed in the sky from time to time, accompanied by the rise and fall of magic weapons and birds.

Occasionally, there are experts in the foundation building stage, and the powerful spiritual pressure makes nearby monks retreat.

Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop.

Several senior members of the Mu family came to inspect and nodded frequently.

Mu Renlong, the head of the family, Mu Maode, who was in the foundation building period, came to Zhuye Mountain to participate in the auction, and stopped by the talisman shop to have a look.

"Father, Lu Changan will participate in the auction with us."

Mu Xiuyun wore a plain skirt, as gentle as jade, and stood shoulder to shoulder with Lu Changan.

"No problem."

Mu Maode, who was dressed in a green shirt, had a refined temperament, with gorgeous hair growing on his temples.

He stroked his beard and smiled, his eyes swept over the two of them.

Suddenly, Mu Maode's complexion changed, and his sharp gaze fell on Lu Changan.

"Maude, what's wrong?"

Mu Renlong, who was dressed in black, looked over and found that Mu Maode's face was ugly.

Mu Renlong glanced at Mu Xiuyun, Ruxue's skin was rosy, and his figure was convex and attractive.

It suddenly dawned on me.

This Mu family's contemporary foundation-building period, with a smile on his lips, looked at Lu Changan with eagle-like eyes, showing a hint of approval.


		