

Get rid of the beginning and end.

Lu Changan came to the reef and helped Mu Xiuyun who was unconscious.

Run the Evergreen Art to dissolve the poison in her body.

However, it has not been completely resolved, and it is enough to ensure that life is worry-free and the signs are stable.

Although the general wood-type exercises contain the essence of plants and trees, they have therapeutic effects and have a certain ability to dissolve toxins.

But it is far from the exaggerated effect of Changqing Gong.

Lu Changan gave Mu Xiuyun another qi recovery pill.

With the weakening of the poison and the recovery of mana, Mu Xiuyun opened her eyes and felt the breath of a man supporting her from behind.

"I... didn't die?"

Mu Xiuyun's breath was weak, and she didn't care about the difference between men and women. Her beautiful face with slight brown spots was half pleasantly surprised and half puzzled.

Calm down.

She asked, "Ge Yi didn't hunt us down?"

"At that time, Ge Yi was chasing after him in a flying boat, but I couldn't escape. I could only use the hard defense of [Rock Shield] and exhausted all the talismans. Seeing that the magic power was empty and stretched to the limit, Ge Yi suddenly withdrew..."

Lu Changan already had a draft in mind, so he said calmly.

In order to appear realistic, his robe was torn, and there were bloodstains from several wounds.

While listening, Mu Xiuyun occasionally expressed her thoughts: "Ge Yi is poisoned, and he is not in his prime. Even so, it is really not easy for Lu Changan to resist for a while."

Why did Master Ge withdraw? This is a no-brainer.

After all, even Zheng Yuanhua, who was on the ninth floor of Qi Refining, didn't dare to stay near the Mu family's residence.

Mu Xiuyun had no doubts about Lu Changan's rhetoric.

It was impossible for her to think that Lu Changan, who had just entered the fourth level of Qi training, could reversely cut the seventh level of Qi training.

"Miss, the poison in your body can only be channeled and alleviated by my wood-type mana. After returning, it must be treated as soon as possible."

Seeing that Mu Xiuyun could sit cross-legged and adjust her breath, Lu Changan let go of her arms.

"Lu Changan, I really want to thank you this time..."

Mu Xiuyun recalled something, her starry eyes drooped, and her pretty face flushed slightly.

Before that, she ran out of mana and suffered a severe poisoning attack, and was carried away by Lu Changan all the way.

The natural and refreshing masculine breath on the other party still has an aftertaste at this time.

"this is necessary."

Lu Changan did not take the credit. As long as it's not a physical promise, it's easy to say anything.

After waiting for a while, the sound of breaking through the air came.

The hearts of the two tightened.

I saw a burly man with disheveled black robes and a blue flying boat, looking anxious, searching the mountains.

"Uncle Renlong."

Mu Xiuyun waved in surprise as if she was relieved of her burden.

When Mu Renlong saw the two of them, he let out a long sigh of relief.

There was no blood on the corner of his mouth, and the grinning smile, coupled with the sinister and sharp eyes, had a kind of ferocity.

"I've met the second elder." Lu Changan cupped his hands.

He had heard about Mu Renlong's prestige, and he was the most powerful member of the Mu family elders.

"Xiuyun, are you alright?"

Mu Renlong came to Mu Xiuyun's side, showing concern.

"It's nothing serious, the poison on her body has stabilized for the time being." Mu Xiuyun forced a smile, the spots on her face were still intact.

"This is Corrosion Supplement Powder! Ordinary detoxification pills are ineffective, but fortunately you have a sachet of herbs."

After Mu Renlong's examination, he took out a white pill and asked Mu Xiuyun to take it.

Mu Xiuyun rejoiced and said, "Uncle Renlong, it's thanks to you that you arrived in time. Otherwise, we would have died for Zheng Yuanhua."

Lu Changan was slightly puzzled about this.

He activated the signal symbol at that time, and Feiyue Mountain Villa was more than two hundred miles away. Mu Renlong shouldn't have arrived so quickly.

"Hmph! I have long been displeased with that Ge, if he hadn't had friendship with the ancestor..."

Muren Long's face was gloomy, with murderous intent looming.

"Today, I was looking for Xiuyun for something, and when I learned about the medicine garden, I felt strange. This old guy is indeed an inner ghost!"

It turned out that Mu Renlong had been looking for the ghost in the family in recent years.

Alchemist Ge Yi was one of the few objects he suspected.

"The ghost?"

Lu Changan recalled that when he returned to Mu's house with Li Ergou, he was ambushed by Zheng's ugly woman and others on the way.

The Zheng family knew exactly when they went out and when they returned.

However, Ge Yi had already been killed by Lu Changan, if it was the inner ghost, it would be considered revenge.

The ugly woman of the Zheng family and others will find a chance to solve it in the future.


"By the way, how did you escape the pursuit? What happened in the medicine garden?"

"Uncle Renlong, it's Lu Changan..."

At this time, Mu Xiuyun's pale face regained some blood color, and the brown spots faded away.

"Oh?"

As Mu Renlong listened, he showed surprise.

Occasionally ask a question, and gradually look at Lu Changan with appreciation.

"Lu Chang'an, you made a great contribution today! The family will record it for you."

Mu Renlong came over and patted Lu Changan on the shoulder.

The moment the palms touched, Lu Changan noticed the subtle mana fluctuations.

"Ordinary wood-type exercises..."

Mu Renlong was deep in his thoughts. He inspected Lu Changan's mana just now and found nothing abnormal.

Looking back on this crisis in the medicine garden, Lu Changan has contributed a lot, and there is no major doubt.

But there are two small doubts:

First, Lu Changan was able to resist the "Erosion Marrow Powder" and recover quickly, which was impossible with ordinary anti-drug training.

On this point, Lu Changan may have concealed something,

Maybe there is something strange on his body, which can detoxify and expel poison, which is not uncommon in the world of cultivating immortals.

For example, the sachet on Mu Xiuyun's body is usually a decoration, and it can prevent poison at critical moments.

Second, in this battle, Lu Chang'an showed impressive magic talent and fighting talent, and in the end he alone resisted Alchemist Ge for at least 20 breaths, even though the latter was not in a full state of poisoning.

Of course, such excellent performance is not beyond common sense.

In the world of cultivating immortals, some cultivators are mediocre in talent, but they have strong fighting talents and strong spell comprehension, and they can even fight at lower levels.

At least, Lu Changan's performance was not as good as some of the arrogances in Liang Guoxiu's history.

In addition, as a master of martial arts, Lu Changan once had experience in the world, experienced in actual combat, and plotting with poison, all of which fit his experience.

Mu Renlong never thought that Lu Chang'an would be able to kill Ge Yi at the seventh level of Qi Refining by leapfrogging.

Even if it is Mu Renlong, it will take a little effort to kill Ge Danshi.


"Lu Chang'an, it's a pity that someone like you doesn't go to the front line to fight."

Muren Long said with flickering eyes.

Lu Changan's face twitched slightly: "The younger generation can't take on this important task, it's safer to draw talismans for the family."

If you made this contribution today and saved the daughter of the Mu family, if you were "rewarded" to go to the front to fight, there would be no need for the family to stay.

Fortunately, Mu Renlong was just probing, not making demands.

He knew that Lu Chang'an, a foreign talent, refused to marry a wife and have children, and kept a low-key cultivation.

It is definitely unrealistic to want the other party to work for the family.


In a quarter of an hour.

Mu Renlong took the two back to the medicine garden.

In the medicine garden, the loss of medicinal materials was acceptable, except for some that were corrupted by Ge Yi.

"Cheng Bo..."

To Mu Renlong's heartbreak and grief, several low-level qi refiners in the medicine garden, those Lingzhi husbands and servants all died of poisoning.

Among them was Ling Zhifu, who practiced Qi at the fifth level. According to his seniority, that old Ling Zhifu was Mu Renlong's uncle.

Lu Changan glanced around and found that the ground rock mouse was nowhere to be found.

Ivy, no mana maintenance, has a time effect.

Place the dead body in place.

Mu Renlong looked at the desolate and empty medicine garden, and after a long time, he said:

"Lu Chang'an, you will continue to guard the medicine garden, and the family will replenish the manpower as soon as possible. After the dispute in the frontline mining area is resolved, the family will show credit for you."

Continue to guard?

Lu Changan knew that the Mu family was in urgent need of manpower.

After this crisis, Mu Xiuyun was rescued, and the senior members of the Mu family trusted him even more.

As long as he didn't go to the front line and stationed in the medicine garden at the rear, Lu Changan had no problem.

"Second elder, that Zheng family elder..."

Lu Changan asked.

"Don't worry."

Mu Renlong was dumbfounded, knowing what Lu Changan was worried about.

"Zheng Yuanhua was injured by me, so he dare not come back. And, next, I will launch some dark chess to retaliate against the Zheng family..."

Muren Long's voice was stern.

"That's good."

Lu Changan breathed a sigh of relief.

In fact, he wasn't that afraid of the elder Zheng's parents.

Facing the ninth level of Qi Refining, he has the ability to protect himself, but it is also troublesome.

Lu Changan also has a few golden knife talismans, which were refined a few years ago.

This talisman is sufficient for the late stage of ordinary Qi training.

However, they may not be able to take advantage of the strong opponents of the ninth level of Qi refining like Mu Renlong and Zheng Yuanhua.

Ge Yi was stabbed instantly, there was an element of surprise. At that time, Ge Yi fully controlled the two magic weapons, and his defense was somewhat lax.


That night.

Mu Xiuyun had just recovered from her injury and followed Mu Renlong back to the family.

"Lu Changan, be careful."

Before parting, Mu Xiuyun, who was dressed in a simple and elegant long dress, looked back at Lu Changan with her starry eyes.

Her red lips pursed, and there was a trace of doubt and search on her face.

During the period of unconsciousness.

She once felt that she was plunged into endless darkness, powerless.

At the critical moment, there was a hint of green warmth that pulled him out of the abyss.

The details are not very clear, she never told Mu Renlong, and it is not good to ask Lu Changan directly.

"Miss, take care too."

Looking at Mu Xiuyun who was still on the verge of speaking, Lu Changan waved goodbye with a smile on his face.


"Finally inspecting loot!"

After confirming that Mu Renlong and Mu Xiuyun had gone far away, Lu Changan went back to the wooden house in the medicine garden alone, and set up several layers of restrictions.

Taking out Ge Yi's storage bag from his arms, it took a while to break the restriction on it.

When the storage bag was opened, his eyes lit up.

"Worthy of being an alchemist, he's so fat!"


		