

Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop, on the second floor.

Lu Changan held his breath and concentrated, holding a purple mane talisman pen in his hand, and wandering around on the exquisite talisman paper, with endless inspiration.

After a full hundred breaths, the maroon rune pattern was formed on the rune paper, and the light flashed, successfully solidified.

call!

Lu Changan let out a long breath, and the Changqing mana in his body was recovering rapidly.

Although his spiritual consciousness is strong, but limited by his cultivation, he can't draw high-grade talismans with ease.

Recently, the business in the talisman store has picked up. In addition to the best-selling medium and low-grade talismans, the demand for high-grade talismans is also relatively large.

The geographical location of Zhuyeshanfang City is good, filling the market demand of several foundation building families, more than a dozen Qi training families, and many casual cultivators around.

For the major families, talismans are a convenient reserve of combat power.

The top-grade talismans in the store are mainly used for townships, and the purchase limit is five per month, and you will lose one if you sell one.

Even Mu Xiuyun, the number one talisman master of the Mu family, can barely make a profit. This is due to the fact that her cultivation base has soared and her success rate has increased.

As a senior member of the family, Mu Xiuyun not only has to practice, but also manages the shop and draws talismans, so her energy is very limited.

The low-grade talisman in the painting can earn a stable fortune in spirit stones.

Painting top-grade talismans consumes a lot of energy, and preserving capital is equivalent to losing money.

"I refine ordinary high-grade talismans, and the success rate reaches 90%. The extra materials have to be accepted."

Lu Changan smiled, and put the painted top-grade talisman into his storage bag.

Lu Changan's talisman attainments on the surface are not as good as Mu Xiuyun's, and he will suffer a small loss in refining high-grade talismans.

Even so, Mu Xiuyun still asked him to practice two to three cards every month.

With the extra materials or talismans, Lu Chang'an has taken advantage of the Mu family's wool.

"Although there is a need for a shop to build a place, but so willing to lose money, the eldest lady really wants to train me."

Lu Changan plucked the wool, feeling a little bit sorry.

Since the ghost incident in the medicine garden, Mu Xiuyun's attitude towards him has changed subtly.

More trust and reuse, and don't taboo the difference between men and women who occasionally get along in private.


"Uncle Lu, the cold wind talisman in the store is sold out, and the elder of the Zhou family came to ask for it again."

After Lu Changan adjusted his breath, he was about to continue drawing talismans when Mu Ershun's hurried voice came from the door.

In the past half a year, under Lu Changan's care, Mu Ershun became an official apprentice, able to handle talisman paper and practice the basic talismans for beginners.

In contrast, another apprentice, Mu Shan, has a solid foundation and is already learning how to draw low-grade talismans.

"Cold Wind Talisman?"

Lu Changan was a little surprised. The cold wind talisman is a relatively unpopular middle-grade talisman. Although it has a certain range of damage, its lethality is not strong, and few people buy it.

Originally, this kind of talisman was used by Mu Xiuyun to expand the variety of talismans and improve the competitiveness of the store.

But I didn't expect that the few Cold Wind Talismans that Lu Changan had put on the counter half a year ago, which had been neglected for a long time, were sold out in one go two days ago.

Anyway, it wasn't a hot sale item, so Lu Changan didn't replenish it in time.

Unexpectedly, today, the buyer came to urge the goods.

This buyer is also an elder in the late Qi training stage of the Beastmaster Zhou's family, so he can't be neglected.

Mu Xiuyun is not in the store today, so Lu Changan can only go to receive her.

"Well, I'll go down and have a look."

When Lu Changan walked to the shop on the first floor, he saw an old man from the Zhou family, dressed in common clothes, with a slightly stooped back, like an old servant.

"Your Excellency is the Lu Talisman master who forged the Cold Wind Talisman?"

The commoner clothed old man has nine levels of qi training, his gaze is like a torch, and his speech is still polite.

"It's Lu, I don't know how many cold wind talismans senior needs." Lu Changan said neither humble nor overbearing.

"The more the better, it is best to have a high-quality cold wind talisman."

The old man in civilian clothes was full of confidence, which made Lu Changan slightly taken aback.

He didn't understand why the other party wanted so many cold wind talismans.

Of course, he didn't need to search for the client's purpose and secrets, and pondered: "The refining of the middle-grade cold wind talisman is relatively difficult, and I only have a few in stock."

"I want them all." The old man in plain clothes couldn't wait.

Lu Changan took out four Cold Wind Talismans from the storage bag, including a high-quality one.

The clothed old man of the Zhou family was also generous, directly paying 30 spirit stones, which was higher than the market price.

"Trouble master Lu Fu, there may be more needs next time."

After saying that, the commoner man left in a hurry.

"What is the identity of this old man in the Zhou family?" Lu Changan asked curiously.

The ninth level of Qi training is a proper high-level in the Mu family, but it is probably not a core figure in the Zhou family.

"I don't know." Both Mu Shan and Mu Ershun shook their heads.

"Master Lu, you are lucky this time, and you can share the luck of the nobleman."

The one who spoke was the shopkeeper Xu from the "Neonshang Pavilion" next door, a well-dressed middle-aged man with a warm and friendly voice.

Nishang Pavilion mainly sells monk robes, including headgear, decorations, shoes, etc.

This shopkeeper Xu is very popular, he can chat with anyone, and he is very well informed. He is one of the few acquaintances of Lu Changan in Fangshi.

"The one just now is the old servant of Zhou Qingxuan, the great-granddaughter of the ancestor of the Zhou family. It must be the demand of that genius granddaughter of the Zhou family to buy talismans from you."

"A servant and bodyguard on the ninth floor of Qi Refining?" Lu Changan was a little surprised.

Although the ancestor of the Zhou family was a fake Dan real person, he had many children. Not to mention great-granddaughters, I don’t know how many granddaughters there are.

"Zhou Qingxuan is not an ordinary granddaughter. She not only possesses high-grade spiritual roots, but also possesses an excellent talent for controlling beasts. She is very much loved by Patriarch Zhou. She is considered a jewel in the palm of Zhou's family of controlling beasts. Even Young Master Huang has a lot of respect for her." Flatter."

Shopkeeper Xu of Nishang Pavilion explained.

"So that's the case, thank you shopkeeper Xu for pointing it out."

Lu Changan knew it well. The granddaughter of the Zhou family behind that servant is very precious, and she is a person who cannot be offended.

The old servant of the Zhou family has been here twice, maybe he will come again next time, so he must tell the apprentices to be polite.


Two or three days later.

The old servant of the Zhou family came to the shop again and said with a wry smile:

"Master Lu, I'm going to trouble you again. My lady said that the cold wind talisman is not powerful enough, and she wants to buy a higher-grade 'Frostfall'."

"Frost's Fall? That's a first-tier high-grade talisman, and it's relatively unpopular. Lu really doesn't have that ability."

Lu Changan couldn't help crying, shaking his head.

The refining difficulty of "Frost's Fall" is slightly higher than that of ordinary first-tier high-grade ones.

If he can refine it easily, he will be a stable first-rank top-rank talisman master, and his attainments are even higher than Mu Xiuyun's.

Although he had the opportunity to form a good relationship with the talented granddaughter of the Zhou family, Lu Changan didn't want to be the one who stood out.

When he is promoted to the late stage of Qi refining, he will be more than ten years older, and it will be safer to become a first-rank high-grade talisman master.

"Oh, I thought so too."

The old servant of the Zhou family sighed, but he was easy to talk, and left in a hurry.

"Lu Chang'an, you really can't refine Frostfall? Even if the price is higher."

Mu Xiuyun returned to the shop today with a trace of expectation in her starry eyes.

Each talisman teacher is limited by energy, and the number of talisman types that can be refined is limited.

It's not that you can't refine other talismans, but that you don't have proficiency and the success rate is very low, let alone Frostfall.

Mu Xiuyun and Lu Changan are both talisman masters of the Mu family. In the early years, Mu Xiuyun asked Lu Changan to practice some talismans that did not overlap with hers.

The Cold Wind Talisman is one of Lu Changan's choices.

And Frost's Descent is an advanced level of the Cold Wind Talisman. With the prerequisites and proficiency, it is relatively easier to practice Frost's Descent.

"Tried it before, it was hard."

Lu Changan remained calm.

In fact, there are several frosty cards in his storage bag, two of which are still high-quality goods.

"Forget it." Mu Xiuyun felt a little regretful.

It would be a good thing for the Mu family if they could get acquainted with the wealthy and talented granddaughter of the Zhou family.


Lu Changan thought that this matter was coming to an end.

As a result, that afternoon, the old servant of the Zhou family went back again and again, bringing with him a young girl in a yellow dress with bright eyes and a charming charm.

"Zhou Qingxuan! The genius granddaughter of the Zhou family!"

Shopkeeper Xu of the Nishang Pavilion next door couldn't help but widen his eyes, and then a schadenfreude gloated at the corners of his mouth.

"Miss Zhou came to our shop in person, what's your order?"

Mu Xiuyun stepped out elegantly and generously.

"Let the talisman master who refines the cold wind talisman come out."

The girl in the yellow skirt said calmly.

"What advice does Miss Zhou have?"

Lu Changan, who was dressed in a white robe, came out and said politely.

Looking at the quiet and indifferent handsome young man in front of him, Zhou Qingxuan was startled.

Can't help but ask: "How old are you?"

It's not a blind date, but age?

Lu Changan secretly slandered, and replied: "Lu is about to turn thirty-four."

Zhou Qingxuan gave a "puchi" smile, her dimples glowing brightly, "Are you already in your thirties? I thought you were a once-in-a-century genius talisman master."

Lu Changan's superficial age seems to be about the same as her.

Lu Changan smiled awkwardly, without any disturbance in his mind.

"My surname is Lu. I want to capture the late-stage firebirds that appeared on the Bamboo Leaf Mountain recently. I thought that a few more cold wind talismans would be successful, but the result is not enough. With the assistance of Frostfall, I have great confidence. "

Zhou Qingxuan was only seventeen years old, full of girlish vigor and arrogance, but her cultivation was about the same as that of Lu Changan, who was in his thirties, and he was already a fifth-level Qi training monk.

"Miss Zhou, you should be aware of the difficulty of refining Frostfall. I haven't really become a first-level high-grade talisman master yet, so how can I be sure of refining it?"

Lu Changan looked helpless.


		