

Lu Changan and Dewey are just nodding acquaintances in the neighborhood.

If the other party invites you to a wedding, if there is no courtship, it is nothing more than a way to make money.

Ordinary cultivators, especially casual cultivators, spend their whole lives in pursuit of elixir.

Practice, break ranks, heal wounds, expel poison, preserve beauty, prolong life...the list goes on and on.

One day it is possible to find a alchemist.

Therefore, when the neighbors in the neighborhood receive the invitation, they will express it more or less.

Lu Changan didn't have much demand for ordinary pills.

However, you must obtain the Broken Rank Pill of the Great Realm, such as the Foundation Establishment Pill.

Changqing Kungfu has gone through a long period of time, bringing profound foundation and foundation, pure mana, and long energy.

He speculated that there would be at least a slight bonus for breaking through the Great Realm.

Combined with the experience of the previous life, there may be a high chance of promotion without the Foundation Establishment Pill.

But who doesn't want to have greater confidence in breaking through the realm?

Once you fail to attack the big realm, you will suffer a lot of damage to your vitality and damage your foundation to some extent.

Lu Changan has no worries about his life, so he naturally wants to maximize his chances of winning.


three days later.

Dewey's "Danxin Residence" was decorated with lights and festoons, and there was an endless stream of monks coming and going to congratulate.

"Zhang Hong, thirty servings of Bingxue fruit per catty."

"Chen Jushi, twenty spirit stones."

At the entrance of the mansion, there is a housekeeper who counts the congratulatory gifts, and there are monks singing.

Lu Changan stepped forward and handed over the gift list and gift box.

"Lu Fushi! Two top-grade first-grade talismans! Six middle-grade first-grade talismans,"

The yelling was louder.

Lu Changan's congratulatory gift, six medium-grade talismans and two high-grade talismans, are all of ordinary quality.

Worth seventy or eighty spirit stones, quite a low-grade magic weapon, this gift is not low in value.

For Lu Changan's talisman, the cost is less than one-third.

A top-grade talisman is quite an ordinary spell strike in the late stage of Qi refining, but its power is inferior to that of a middle-grade magic weapon activated in the late stage of Qi refining.

The advantage of Talismans is that they only require a small amount of mana to activate.

The disadvantage is that it is a one-time consumable, which is not as powerful as the magic weapon and secret technique of a monk of the same rank, and its accuracy is almost inferior.

After refining Qi to the seventh level, Lu Changan was going to refine the second-level talisman. Due to his strong spiritual consciousness, he was quite confident in refining it.

It's just that the second-order talisman materials are too scarce!

The second-order talisman brush, the second-order spirit ink, and the second-order talisman paper, all of these are trying to get together, how easy is it?

Don't collect too blatantly.

At present, Lu Changan has only obtained a few pieces of second-grade talisman paper of poor quality, and the spiritual ink and talisman pen used are all first-grade.

Tried to draw, but only got two low-quality second-order talismans.

In terms of power, it is almost the same as the high-quality Golden Sword Talisman.

The fine golden knife talisman, the power of which has just entered the threshold of foundation establishment.

Lu Changan is also a clever woman who can hardly cook without rice. I can only wait until the materials are collected in the future, and then refine more second-order talismans.


"Master Lu, it's a waste of money! Please go inside quickly."

Hearing the voice of congratulatory gifts, Dewey greeted him enthusiastically.

Invite Lu Changan to sit in the main hall and enjoy a small table alone.

The treatment is fundamentally different from the public banquet in the courtyard.

For example, Master Guan and his disciples gave congratulatory gifts worth a few spirit stones, and they were arranged to sit in the courtyard.

"Miss Su, I congratulate you with a hundred spirit stones and a medium-grade magic weapon."

At the entrance of the mansion, there was a louder and more exciting voice.

All the monks looked sideways with surprise on their faces.

The owner of the gift was Su Yuetong.

This gift is equivalent to two or three hundred spirit stones, and is the most valuable gift today.

Lu Changan was also surprised.

The congratulatory gift he gave was already considered high in value, after all it was just a banquet for concubines.

"This woman is so generous, I am afraid that the man behind her is asking for alchemist Hua."

Lu Changan thought about it.

It is very likely that he is plotting to establish Jidan just like him!

For other needs, there is no need to pay such a price.

Lu Chang'an still has a few years before foundation establishment, and his lifespan is sufficient, so there is no rush.

Looking at Su Yuetong's handwriting, the man behind it may be a little anxious. He has stayed on the ninth floor of Qi Refining for many years, and wants to knock on the door of Alchemist Hua as soon as possible.

"Alchemist Lu."

Su Yuetong was very graceful, greeted her with a soft voice, and sat on top of Lu Changan.

At the banquet, Su Yuetong was charming and charming, her beautiful eyes were alluring, and she tentatively said:

"Pill Master Lu can sit in the main hall, there must be a lot of congratulations, I don't know what to ask for Pill Master Du."

"Without it, I just want to make friends with Danshi Du."

Lu Changan smiled slightly, and answered perfunctorily.

He didn't care how Su Yuetong became suspicious.

Perhaps the other party thought that he moved to Dewey's next door because he wanted to plot Jidan for the forces behind him.


Dewey is a good man.

After a few days of celebration, invite those with heavy congratulatory gifts in batches to come to the house for a talk.

Dewey naturally knew that most of the monks who gave important gifts were asking for something from themselves.

If he only accepts gifts and does nothing, and his reputation is ruined, who will give him benefits in the future?

Moreover, Dewey did not dare to easily offend some of the monks who gave gifts, either because they had backgrounds or were powerful.

Two neighbors, Lu Changan and Su Yuetong, were in the same group of invited monks.

Dewey entertained the two in person, which was more polite.

"Two fellow daoists, one is as gentle as jade, and the other is a stunning beauty, who can be called a man of talent."

Dewey smiled and praised, his mustache trembling slightly.

"Hey, Lu Fushi doesn't like such a broken woman like a concubine."

Su Yuetong's eyes were filled with resentment, and I felt pity for her, the weak willow and Fufeng's posture.

"Lu Mou's cultivation base is superficial, he is almost fifty, and he is not worthy of Miss Su."

Lu Changan said with a blank face.

If he hadn't known that there was a burly man at the ninth level of Qi refining who had visited Su Yuetong's other courtyard late at night, he might really have thought that this woman was interesting to him.

After all, Lu Changan's appearance and temperament in this life are indeed good.

Dewey was just joking and enlivening the atmosphere, not really intending to match the two.

He was actually quite envious of Su Yuetong, but he didn't dare to provoke her.


After drinking and eating.

Dewey invited the two to enjoy the flowers in the courtyard.

During the period, they had private conversations with Su Yuetong and Lu Changan respectively.

When Su Yuetong was talking with De Wei, he set up a soundproofing spell, but it couldn't hide it from Lu Changan's powerful spiritual sense.

Just as Lu Changan guessed.

During the conversation, Su Yuetong expressed that he wanted to get acquainted with Alchemist Hua. The man behind her wants to refine Jidan.

"Miss Su, the master's alchemy appointment is scheduled for ten years later. You know, there are many powerful forces in the city, and the master is not easy to offend."

Dewey looked embarrassed.

"One more thing, to refine the Foundation Establishment Pill, you have to prepare the materials yourself, and it is best to gather the materials together with other monks."

Based on personal ability alone, it is very difficult to gather all the materials for Jidan.

Only the big forces of cultivating immortals can do it.

Gathering together a complete set of materials, a senior second-tier alchemist makes a move and starts a furnace to make alchemy, often more than one alchemy is completed.

Lu Changan was well aware of this.

To put it bluntly, it is crowdfunding alchemy.

"Materials, we have prepared some of them, and one or two main materials are quite troublesome."

Su Yuetong replied.

Finally, she begged softly:

"I also hope Master Du Dan will help introduce Senior Hua, the little girl must be very grateful!"

Alchemist Hua, once helped Sanxiu refine the Foundation Establishment Pill, and his reputation is not bad.

As long as you can establish a relationship with Master Hua, you can cooperate with other monks who collect materials for building foundation pills, and have a chance to obtain foundation building pills.

"Du will do his best! To be honest, it's been hard for me to see Master these few years."

Dewey sighed, reluctantly said.

"Please trouble Fellow Daoist Du." Su Yuetong's eyes were moist and her voice was melodious.


Afterwards, Dewey and Lu Changan had a private chat.

During the conversation, Dewey tested what he wanted.

"Lu has only been promoted to the seventh level of Qi Refining for two or three years, and there is not much demand for pills at present. However, after finally meeting a neighbor of a senior alchemist, Lu naturally wants to hang out more."

Lu Changan said with a smile, he didn't reveal his intention immediately.

Even if it is exposed, Dewey will probably think that the people behind him want to refine the Foundation Establishment Pill.

"It is necessary to communicate more! I heard that Fellow Daoist Lu is very skilled in talismans. I believe we will be able to get what we need in the future."

Dewey smiled brightly.

He could hear the implication that Lu Changan didn't need it now, but he would probably have one in the future.

In this way, during the communication process, Lu Changan will definitely bring him some benefits.

"By the way, I picked up an alchemist's inheritance in the secular world before. I will tidy it up later and give it to Alchemist Du to have a look."

At the end of the conversation, Lu Changan threw out a small bait.

"Inheritance from an alchemist? What level is it?"

Dewey's eyes lit up.

"I don't quite understand it, at least it's the inheritance of a top-rank alchemist. Maybe it's an incomplete second-order inheritance."

Lu Changan said ambiguously.

"Alchemist Lu has a heart!"

Dewey's tone became a lot closer.

He can use it as a reference to improve his skills with the first-order top-grade inheritance.

If it is a second-order inheritance, it will be more attractive to him.

Although Dewey is a disciple of a second-tier alchemist, he must have reservations as a teacher, and the core skills will only be passed on to others.


Leaving Danxinju.

Lu Chang'an nodded secretly, getting closer to Du Wei, and this step was successfully completed.

There is more than one alchemist inheritance in his hands.

Inherited by a second-tier alchemist, there are three copies of past life memories.

Including a second-tier alchemist inheritance obtained from Liang Shaotian, there are four copies in total.

Naturally, the more alchemists inherit, the better.

On the other hand, the unpopular body training technique, the way of puppet, had limited energy in his previous life, so he didn't pay much attention to it.

Lu Chang'an was going to take out the worst copy of the second-tier alchemist inheritance, and give some of it to Dewey as a bait.

When the friendship is deep and the fish is hooked, are you afraid that Dewey will not help you?


		