

After two lifetimes of cultivating immortals, Lu Changan has seen a lot of heartlessness, and monks are often very realistic.

But he didn't want to, Zhao Siyao, who had already entered the sect, was willing to attend the appointment two years ago.

"Well, there's still a year left."

Lu Changan pondered. Considering his status in this life, as the young head of the Nujiang gang, after Xunxian Wendao for two or three years, he should go back to the secular world and make a conclusion.

It is always a good thing to make friends with sect people and have more contacts.

In the world of cultivating immortals, background is very important.

The sect is at the upper level, and has more channels, so it can be one step ahead in terms of news about some major changes in the world of cultivating immortals.


After bidding farewell to Li Ergou, Lu Changan went to the library pavilion of Mu's family.

In Zangshu Pavilion, Lu Changan could only consult basic books on cultivating immortals.

Fortunately, he didn't come to find some secret method of the fairy family.

Even if it is Mu family's township skills, it may not be able to catch Lu Changan's eyes.

He was looking for books on geography.

From the memory of this life, he has confirmed that he is in a different realm of cultivating immortals from the previous two lives.

After half an hour.

Lu Changan came out of Zangshu Pavilion with a pensive face.

"Daqing cultivation world...Liang country...Chen country...Feng country..."

In Zangshu Pavilion, beyond the geographical scope of Liang State, there is very little information.

This area of ​​practice is called "Daqing".

The territory is vast, with hundreds of countries.

Not every country has spiritual veins above the third level. Some small countries have relatively backward cultivation civilizations, and the alchemy stage is the ceiling.

Medium and large countries all have fourth-order spiritual veins, which can be cultivated in the Nascent Soul stage.

The Liang country he lived in could only be considered a medium-sized country, and the strongest force was called "Lihuo Palace". There was Yuanying Qi Zhenjun sitting in the town, who was the ruler of this area.

Under the Lihuo Palace, there are four major sects, and each faction has several real people at the alchemy stage.

Jinyun Valley is one of them.

Immediately following, there are seven immortal cultivating families, which are the strongest immortal cultivating families in the Liang Kingdom.

Each of the seven great aristocratic families has a long history, at least there are fake alchemy real people, and there are many in the foundation building period.

It is more than ten times stronger than the Mu Family of Feiyue Lake.

"One Palace, Four Schools, Seventh Family..."

Lu Changan roughly sorted out the structure of Liang Guoxiu's world.

The Mu family he was in was considered to be the lowest power in the world of cultivating immortals, only stronger than the families of casual cultivators and Qi refining period.

"Is the land of Daqing in the same world as the 'Tianheng Continent' in the previous life?"

Lu Chang'an couldn't draw a conclusion, and he might have to go to a high level to confirm it.

In his previous life, he had cultivated to the alchemy stage before he realized that the vast land called "Da Kun" he was in was just a remote corner of the Tianheng (héng) continent.

It is rumored that there is a fifth-order spiritual vein in the truly prosperous land realm of Tianheng Continent, which theoretically has a chance to give birth to the stage of transformation into a god.


after a few months.

Lu Changan opened his eyes from meditation, and the evergreen magic power in his body was progressing smoothly.

"Without the assistance of pills, with this progress, it may take me three or four years to advance to the third level of Qi training."

That's not even a bottleneck.

After all, Lu Changan is re-cultivating, and the bottleneck can be ignored during the Qi refining period.

"Ancient Wood Eternal Green Art" needs to absorb the energy of the years, it has the effect of prolonging life, and the slow cultivation can be understood by Lu Chang'an.

"The situation in the world of cultivating immortals is changing, and the world is impermanent. My cultivation speed is slow, so I need to find some means to protect the way."

Lu Changan knows how to be prepared for danger in times of peace.

Don't look at the current cultivation is stable and calm.

Maybe the next moment, the Mu family will face disaster.

Lu Changan had experienced such a thing in his previous life.

In terms of protection methods, Lu Changan, as a martial arts master, can increase his survivability.

"A martial arts master needs to be close to threaten the Qi refining period. This is a limitation."

Lu Changan thought about it.

"Why don't you practice a hidden weapon?"

The last time I killed the third level of Qi refining of the Zheng family, I used the "Sky Snap Finger", which can be used with hidden weapons.

The hidden weapon, coupled with the highly poisonous poison in the world of cultivating immortals, may have unexpected effects.

Of course, the real way to protect the Dao depends on the Dao of Immortals.

"I have to repeat the old karma of the previous two lifetimes."

Lu Changan smiled knowingly.

Two years ago, I first entered the first level of Qi Refining, and my mana was too weak. Now on the second floor of Qi Refining, ideas can be implemented.

In the first life, he was a talisman master with superb skills.

In the second life, after hundreds of years, he became a third-tier talisman master.

Talismans are a good choice whether they protect the Dao or earn spirit stones.

After deciding on the idea, Lu Changan needs to prepare the materials and tools for drawing symbols.

I thought it would be more troublesome to buy enough materials.

Soon, I found out from Li Ergou that Feiyue Mountain Villa will hold a small family trade fair in the middle of every month.

The location of the trade fair is located in the Jiuyue Building of the villa.


Seven days later, it was the full moon.

Lu Changan and Li Ergou came to Jiuyue Tower.

The Jiuyue Building is built on a stream, with antique flavor, pavilions and waterside pavilions, quiet and elegant.

On the pavilions and platforms, members of the Mu family set up stalls, and the trading items were placed on stone tables.

There are not many people, and there are only a few dozen stalls. Some of them are not monks, but direct descendants of the immortal cultivators in the clan.

After all, there are more than a hundred monks in the entire Mu family.

Lu Changan visited several pavilions.

The stall holders not only sell items, but also ask for some cultivation resources.

Two or three of the stalls sold talisman paper, cinnabar, and talisman pens.

However, the quality was worse than Lu Changan expected, and it was scattered, and no one company could provide a full set of needs.

"Sell some spirit stones first."

Lu Changan found an empty pavilion, and sold the inferior magic weapon and a Fengxing Talisman that killed the Zheng family monk last time.

"Brother Lu, how do you sell magic weapons? If you don't have enough spirit stones, I'll lend you some."

Li Ergou's complexion changed.

"No, I have my own plan."

A low-quality magic weapon has little meaning to Lu Changan.

It's better to realize the spirit stone, make money through talisman art, and increase the means of protection.

Lu Changan can be regarded as a new face.

Some members of the Mu family were curious and went to his booth to have a look. Most of them were not interested, so they asked casually.

After waiting for a while, I finally met a sincere buyer.

"How do you sell this magic weapon, the iron sword?" The person who spoke was a withered old man, over sixty years old, with a cultivation level of Qi Refining Level 3.

Lu Changan quoted: "Forty spirit stones."

"It's too expensive! An ordinary low-grade magic weapon only sells for fifty or sixty spirit stones. Your low-quality product will be easily damaged if you fight for a long time..."

The old man frowned and raised his thorn.

Lu Changan smiled, didn't he just want to bargain?

"You are talking about the worst low-grade magic weapon. My magic weapon is not much worse than that after a little repair."

"If you buy it sincerely, the price is thirty-five low-grade spirit stones, and a low-grade Fengxing Talisman will be included."

Lu Changan was too lazy to talk, and directly gave a price slightly lower than the market price.

The old man's eyes flickered, trying to bargain some more.

Lu Chang'an ignored it.

"Forget it, let's make a deal at this price."

The old man smiled mischievously.

In this way, Lu Changan sold the spoils from last time and got thirty-five spirit stones.

Holding the spirit stone in his hand, Lu Changan was going to buy a set of materials for drawing symbols.

"Brother Lu wants to buy materials for drawing talismans? How about looking for Miss Mu Xiuyun."

Li Ergou made a suggestion, and glanced at the pavilion not far away.

"You mean, the daughter of the Mu family?"

Lu Changan followed his gaze.

On the waterside pavilion, two beauties have just set up their stalls.

One of them was Mu Xiuyun.

Under the bright moonlight, the girl's skin is as smooth as snow and as gentle as jade; wearing a skirt and shoes, the blue silk skirt moves with the wind, as light as clouds coming out of Xiu.

"Miss is a Tier 1 Talisman Master."

Li Ergou didn't dare to look too much, trying to hide his astonished expression.

"Tier one talisman master? It should be able to meet all my requirements."

Lu Changan walked towards Mu Xiuyun's booth calmly.

Li Ergou followed closely behind, his heart beating faster, and he thought to himself: "As expected of a big brother, he is worthy of facing the young lady."

See Lu Changan and the two coming over.

Mu Xiuyun nodded slightly, signaling them to watch for themselves.

Beside her, however, was a girl in a red skirt who looked at the two of them in surprise.

Lu Changan scanned the booth calmly and nodded secretly.

As expected of an entry-level talisman master, talisman paper, talisman pen, and cinnabar are all available, and the quality is good, which meets his full set of needs.

"How do you sell this talisman pen?"

Lu Changan picked up a dark blue talisman pen.

"This is a low-grade magic weapon, the Qinglu Talisman Pen, which sells for seventy spirit stones."

A girl's voice as clear as a spring came.

"What about this one?"

Lu Changan changed to a black, yellowish, somewhat mottled talisman pen.

"This ... badly worn black talisman pen sells for twenty spirit stones. It needs to be explained that if you draw a maximum of one hundred talismans, it will be completely scrapped."

Looking at this talisman pen, Mu Xiuyun hesitated a little, with a hint of reluctance in her eyes.

"I bought it."

Lu Changan could tell that this talisman was not bad, and the other party's price was reasonable.

"A small bottle of spiritual blood cinnabar and twenty pieces of first-order talisman paper."

"What's the price of the first-order high-quality talisman paper? Oh, give me three."

Lu Changan bought all the materials for the talisman in one go.

Due to limited funds, the quantity of each item purchased is relatively small.

"Chenghui forty spiritual stones and thirty taels of spiritual sand. Forty for you."

Mu Xiuyun smiled.

"Huh! I only have thirty-five spirit stones? Why don't you just sell them at this price?"

Lu Changan said brazenly.

In fact, Mu Xiuyun's offer was considered fair.

He tried a small hack.

If it doesn't work, just return a few talisman papers, and there is no loss.

Hearing this, the girl in the red dress beside Mu Xiuyun sneered and said:

"Boy! I'm afraid you don't know the rules, sister Xiuyun's booth will not bargain!"

The girl in the red dress was pretty, with fair skin and long legs, a delicate melon-seeded face, slender eyebrows, almond eyes and plump lips.

Li Ergou was thin-skinned and said in embarrassment: "Brother Lu, forget it! I will lend you a few spirit stones..."

"You, are you Lu Changan?"

Suddenly, Mu Xiuyun's starry eyes turned, and her eyes settled on Lu Changan, her expression was unpredictable.


		