

"Well, it makes sense."

Lu Changan smiled, but did not deny Li Ergou.

For Li Ergou, who was born in a peasant household, being able to marry a wife and have children is a winner in life, and cultivating immortality may just happen by the way.

Lu Chang'an, on the other hand, has his eyes on the Mu family's spiritual vein dojo, and has no interest in marrying a wife and having children.

In his last life, he came from a family of immortal cultivators who had cultivated to the peak of alchemy. He had many wives and concubines, and many heirs.

"Little friend Lu, you can think about it. Liang Guoxiu's world is not stable now, and our Mu family, as an orthodox family of cultivating immortals, has a good reputation."

Patriarch Mu didn't force it, and turned to the other teenagers.

Lu Changan didn't make a conclusion, so he asked about the situation of the Mu family first.

The young master Lin Yi was well-informed, so Lu Changan asked him to inquire.

Lin Yi didn't refuse, and murmured: "I seem to have heard about the Mu Family of Feiyue Lake..."

"Don't worry, I'll ask for you."

Lin Yi left a word, and went to the crowd to ask people from the Xiuxian family.

"Brother Lu, why is Young Master so talkative now?"

Li Ergou muttered.

Prior to this, Lin Yi relied on his status and had the highest cultivation, so he was not enthusiastic about the two of them, even a little contemptuous.

Lu Changan smiled, and Lin Yi was adapting to the role of a cultivator.

Everyone was eliminated by the sect, and they were all at the bottom of the world of cultivating immortals.

Once Lu Changan and Li Ergou join the Cultivation Clan, the future development will at least be better than that of the low-level cultivators.

It is better to form a good relationship than to offend others.


After a while, Lin Yi hurried back and said seriously:

"I've inquired that the Mu family of Feiyue Lake is a serious cultivating family and has no bad reputation."

"The family competed with the Zheng family for the ownership of the spiritual ore a few years ago, and lost nearly half of the young and strong monks. In addition, the Mu family has not had many new spiritual roots in the past two years, and they urgently need new blood!"

After listening to Lu Changan, he understood.

These eliminated fairy seedlings have no value other than having spiritual roots.

Patriarch Mu personally came forward to solicit in public at the foot of Jinyun Valley Mountain, so as not to do bad behavior.

"It is rumored that the only ancestor of the Mu family in the foundation period was seriously injured in a martial arts battle a few years ago, and he may not live for ten years."

Yi Lam suddenly lowered his voice.

The implication is that the future prospects of the Mu family are not optimistic.

"I understand, thank you Brother Lin for reminding me."

Lu Changan didn't mind.

If it weren't for this special situation, how could they, foreigners, have the opportunity to enter the Xiuxian family?

As for how long the ancestors of the Mu family lived, what is the future prospect of the Mu family?

What's up with me!

Anyway, the Mu family is just a transitional place for Lu Changan to practice. If he encounters difficult troubles, he will run away decisively.


"Little friend Lu, how are you thinking?"

Patriarch Mu, who was dressed in a green shirt, looked elegant and clean, and looked at Lu Chang'an and the two who had turned back.

"The two of us agreed to join the Mu family. But the younger generation has a small request."

Lu Changan cupped his hands.

"Oh, what do you think?"

"The younger generation is sincere in the way of immortality. At the beginning stage of cultivation, I don't want to be addicted to female sex. I hope that senior Mu can give me ten years. After ten years, the younger generation will consider marrying a wife and having children."

"ten years?"

Patriarch Mu snorted coldly, as if a muffled thunder resounded in the void.

Li Ergou staggered, his face was pale, he was too frightened to speak a word.

The eighth level of Qi Refining has an absolute crushing effect on the first level of Qi Refining.

Lu Changan struggled to stabilize his body, pretending to be frightened.

But the request was not withdrawn.

"Good will."

Patriarch Mu was silent for a moment, commented lightly, and finally made a concession:

"My Mu family does not support idlers, so I will give you five years at most!"

"Five years... okay!"

Lu Changan reluctantly agreed.

In fact, he did not expect to delay for ten years, but to leave room for "bargaining".

Five years, in line with his expectations.

"Five years later, if you break the agreement, you will have to pay three times the cultivation resources provided by my Mu family."

If Patriarch Mu has a deep meaning.

He is not stupid, how could he let the resources of a junior prostitution family run away after a few years?

The original intention to make a concession was for the sake of Lu Changan's Zhongpin Linggen.


An hour later.

Patriarch Mu selected ten teenagers with spiritual roots, including Lu Changan and Li Ergou.

They are all teenagers with no background.

"Okay, from now on you will be the children of the Mu family with a different surname, follow me back to Feiyue Lake."

Patriarch Mu led ten teenagers down the mountain.

Except for the head of the family, Mu Maud.

There are also four monks from the Mu family who are in the middle stage of qi refining, and their cultivation bases are between the fourth and sixth levels of qi refining.

After leaving Golden Cloud Valley.

The members of the Mu family did not fly, but rode ordinary horses.

These steeds are ordered by the leader of the spirit horse, and Li Ergou, who can't ride, is not affected.

"Brother Lu, why don't these immortal masters take us back to the family residence?"

Li Ergou was somewhat disappointed.

When they went to Jinyun Valley for assessment, they took the Immortal Flying Boat.

"Hmm... maybe the immortal masters want to hone our bodies and wills on the way."

Lu Changan said with a deep expression.

Although he knew the reason, but as a rookie who had no background and had just entered the immortal journey, he absolutely couldn't become a king of understanding.

After all, during the Qi refining period, mana is shallow, and one can only fly with magic weapons, which is not suitable for long-distance flights.

Moreover, the flying speed is not good, not as good as ordinary cars on the earth.

Not to mention bringing a bunch of burdens.

As for the flying boat? The value is relatively high, and given the situation of the Mu family, they may not be able to get it out, or they will not use it easily.

In contrast, traveling on horseback is more practical.

Can save mana.

If the long-distance flight consumes too much mana and is picked up by the enemy, it will be a big joke.

"Sharpen our bodies and wills? It must be like this! Brother Lu, you know a lot."

Li Ergou was stunned and convinced.

The conversation between the two could not be hidden from the members of the Mu family who were leading the way.

The head of the Mu family was silent, and the four Mu family monks looked strange, and the corners of their mouths twitched slightly.


It was dark.

The Mu family rested in the wilderness.

Hunting, building a bonfire, feeding fodder... The four monks of the Mu family ordered the teenagers to work.

"Even Bigu Pill is not willing?"

Looking at the wild boars and hares on the bonfire, Lu Changan couldn't help but fell into deep thought.

The financial situation of Mu family in Feiyue Lake may be worse than imagined.

"May I ask the Patriarch, how long will it take to get back to the family residence?"

asked a teenager.

"The horses you ride have a trace of spirit foal blood, and it only takes three months to reach the family."

The head of the Mu family sat cross-legged in front of a separate bonfire, while several Mu family disciples stood guard around.

three months?

The spirit root teenagers looked at each other.

Among them, those who were sitting cross-legged and cultivating had ugly expressions on their faces.

Before arriving at Mu's house, he had been in the secular "land of spiritual poverty", and his cultivation progress was very slow.

This is not counting the time to rest on the road.

It is equivalent to saying that during the two or three months on the road, the practice was almost wasted!

"Yunfei, give each of them a spirit stone."

The head of the Mu family hesitated for a while, and called a handsome and extraordinary young man from the Mu family who was at the fifth level of Qi refining.

"Spiritual stone?"

Lu Changan was overjoyed, it seemed that he had misjudged Patriarch Mu.

Soon, ten youths with spiritual roots were given out spiritual stones.

Said it was Lingshi...

Lu Changan looked at the small handful of crystal particles in his palm, emitting a weak spiritual energy fluctuation, and the corner of his mouth slightly twitched.

This is spiritual sand.

In the world of cultivating immortals, it is a smaller currency than Lingshi.

Both spirit stones and spirit sand are mined from spirit stone mines.

1 piece of standard low-grade spirit stone = 50 liang of spirit sand.

"Well, about 20 taels of spiritual sand, less than half a piece of spiritual stone."

Lu Changan weighed it with his hands, and fell into deep thought again.

never mind!

Should not expect so much.

Anyway, what he valued was the spiritual vein of the Mu family, a place of cultivation.

Lingshi, find a way to earn it in the future.

"There is a spirit stone! Thank you Patriarch..."

Those teenagers who have just stepped into the fairyland are smiling.

Spirit sand can also provide spiritual practice.

"As long as you sincerely join the Mu family and have more children, there will be more rewards in the future."

Patriarch Mu looked generous.

Looking at the spiritual sand that was distributed, the corners of his mouth twitched imperceptibly.

After receiving the spiritual sand, the youngsters who had cultivated immortality skills practiced one after another, absorbing the pure spiritual energy in the spiritual sand.

"The first level of "Open Source Classic", just getting started?"

Lu Changan checked the mana status in his body.

He is the young leader of the "Nujiang Gang", and he embarked on a journey to immortality because he befriended a down-and-out monk.

"Open Source Sutra" is an introductory exercise that he obtained from the other party at a great price.

This skill has no attributes, and it is better than being able to transfer to other skills smoothly.

Lu Chang'an, who has undergone two lifetimes of cultivation and reincarnation, naturally would not practice such a common thing.

He closed his eyes, recalling the reserves of skills he possessed in his previous life when he reached the peak of the alchemy stage.

""Burning Heaven Nine Judgments", high-level exercises of the fire system, cultivating nine layers of fireworks, burning everything, and supernatural powers are quite outstanding in the same level..."

"The "Feng Ming Jing", the magic technique, the method is strange, the speed of escape is first-class, and the ability to save life is not bad..."


"No, the goal of this life is the Nascent Soul Stage!"

Lu Changan quickly shook his head, denying several powerful high-level exercises.

In his last life, he deeply understood the meaning of "everything under the Nascent Soul is an ant".

The difficulty of the Nascent Soul stage, even if he has the memory of the peak of alchemy, he doesn't have much confidence in rebuilding in this life.

You know, in the second life, he has high-grade spiritual roots, and he was born in a family of immortal cultivators, so his starting point is much higher than in this life.

After a long time, he finally made a decision:

"It seems that I can only choose that ancient technique..."


		