

Three days later, Lu Changan left the customs.

In Feiyue Villa, many clansmen came to congratulate and even sent congratulatory gifts.

"Brother, congratulations."

Li Ergou from next door came first, bringing his two wives and several children.

"Congratulations, Uncle Lu, the mana has been accomplished."

Adults and children congratulated together, which was very lively.

Lu Changan could tell that Li Ergou was somewhat disappointed.

After all, in the past few years, by giving birth to a child, he obtained rich rewards and broken rank pills, and his cultivation level was once much ahead of Lu Changan.

Now, instead, Lu Changan took the lead in stepping into the seventh level of Qi Refining.

Of course, Li Ergou was still happy from the bottom of his heart.

Lu Chang'an didn't marry a wife and had children, and his aptitude was stronger than him. He has been practicing hard and hard, so it is reasonable to be able to get to this point.

"Lu Fushi, this is your pigeon flying letter."

While the two were talking, a messenger from the tribe sent a letter.

The letter has the familiar Golden Cloud Valley logo.

Lu Changan opened the letter, a smile gradually appeared on his face.

"Brother, how is it?" Li Ergou guessed.

"Zhao Daoyou succeeded in building the foundation! Invite us to Jinyun Valley to participate in the foundation building celebration."

Lu Changan's tone was very comforting.

"Foundation period!"

Despite his psychological expectations, Li Ergou couldn't help being amazed and took a deep breath.

This is what he dare not expect, and belongs to the level of the family ancestors.

In terms of status, Zhao Siyao is even better than the founder of the Mu family.


In the direction of Feiyue Lake, the sound of breaking through the sky came, accompanied by the spiritual pressure of the foundation building period.

"Meet my uncle."

"Meet the owner."

"Meet the elders."

Three figures of two men and one woman landed in Lu Chang'an's other courtyard, and the surrounding Mu family monks saluted one after another.

The three people who came were Mu Renlong, Mu Maode and Mu Xiuyun.

One established the foundation, and the other two refined Qi to the ninth floor.

Such a scene is rare in Feiyue Villa.

"Lu Changan, very good. You don't need to break the rank of pills, and you can smoothly advance to the late stage of Qi refining."

Mu Renlong, who was dressed in black, had burning eyes, admiration on his face, and a powerful aura.

"The junior is just a fluke."

Lu Changan said modestly.

He took one step at a time, and broke through the small realm with a lot of accumulation. It is normal that he didn't use the broken-level pill.

The forty-five-year-old Qi Refining Seventh Floor has nothing to show off.

"Lu Changan, this is our congratulatory gift."

With a blank expression on his face, Mu Maode handed over a storage bag.

"Chang'an, congratulations."

Mu Xiuyun wore a long green gauze dress, she was elegant and quiet, and said something softly.

Then fell silent and stood aside.

Such a big battle today.

Lu Changan guessed that Mu Xiuyun had secretly leaked the news that she might be leaving the family.

This makes sense.

Although Mu Xiuyun has feelings for Lu Changan, but the position belongs to the family after all,

Besides, she really wanted to keep Lu Changan.

"Lu Changan, let's go in and have a chat."

Mu Renlong spoke and entered the room without hesitation.

Lu Changan took a look at Mu Xiuyun, entered the room calmly, and closed the door.

With the restrictions imposed during the foundation building period, no one knows what the two of them talked about.

During this period, Mu Xiuyun bit her vermilion lips lightly, her starry eyes filled with expectation and worry.

Mu Maode's face was gloomy and he didn't say a word.

After a while.

Mu Renlong and Lu Changan came out one after the other.

"Let's go."

With no expression on his face, Mu Renlong took Mu Maode and Mu Xiuyun away without any explanation.

Mu Xiuyun was stunned for a moment, her delicate and beautiful face turned slightly pale, and she stepped on the flying boat in a daze.

Looking at the man in white who is getting smaller and smaller in the other courtyard.

Amidst the whistling wind, the trace of loss and sadness in her eyes evaporated along with the tears.

In the end, she seemed to have made a decision, her starry eyes were bright and firm, black hair covered half of her face, and she looked back at Lu Changan for the last time.


Seeing the last look in Mu Xiuyun's eyes, Lu Changan was relieved and felt a little appreciative.

Because, he felt Mu Xiuyun's firm Dao heart.

In the world of cultivating immortals, practicing Taoism is the foundation.

The rest are either floating clouds or passers-by.

Any qualified female cultivator is definitely not in love. Letting go of a relationship may hurt, but it is not difficult.

"Brother, what did the ancestor talk to you about?"

Li Ergou couldn't help asking.

He guessed that with Lu Changan's current cultivation base and talisman skills, the Mu family would give generous treatment in order to retain talents.

Apart from the two or three years when Lu Changan first joined the Mu family, he has been in a cooperative relationship with the family ever since.

Over the past 20 years, countless talismans have been made for the paintings of the Mu family, and the benefits and potential value created are definitely not low.

Although during this period, Lu Changan made a lot of money, but he earned it by virtue of his talisman skills.

All in all, even if Lu Changan ended the cooperation, he would not owe the Mu family a single cent.

The Mu family is well aware of this.

Unless the Mu family is a demon-oriented family, there is no reason to force them to stay.

Even if it is a top-rank talisman master, it can't talk about strategic value, and it won't be restricted or forced.

Moreover, the Mu family does not lack talents in talisman arts, what it really lacks is senior alchemists.

Mu Renlong set two conditions for Lu Changan.

One, to become a family enshrined, the treatment is only worse than that of Ge Danshi before.

Second, Lu Chang'an married, married the young lady, and became a member of the Mu family.

Muren Long has a domineering personality, with the aura of subtly exerting pressure, but he does not really force it.

Even if it is really strong, Lu Changan is not afraid now.

Lu Changan took out Zhao Siyao's letter, and said euphemistically that he was going to participate in his friend's "Foundation Establishment Xiaoqing", and he would consider it later.

Knowing that Lu Chang'an has a sect who has a good relationship with him, Mu Renlong's tone was much more relaxed, and he praised him.

Mu Renlong said that if Lu Changan wants to come back in the future, the Mu family will open the door at any time.

Lu Changan said that he was grateful to the Mu family for taking him in back then, and would remember this kindness.

In this way, the two parties amicably terminated the cooperation.


the next day.

Lu Changan and Li Ergou left Feiyue Villa to participate in Zhao Siyao's "Foundation Establishment Xiaoqing".

Knowing this, the senior members of the Mu family specially prepared a congratulatory gift for Ergou.

Otherwise, with Li Ergou's financial resources, he really couldn't produce anything decent.

After leaving Mu's house for a while.

Lu Changan no longer kept a low profile, and took out the flying boat that was seized as a trophy that year.

"let's go!"

Lu Changan and Li Ergou took the flying boat to Jinyun Valley.

The Zheng family back then no longer existed in the surrounding area, and with Lu Changan's current cultivation strength, riding a flying boat was nothing.

Li Ergou thought that Lu Changan bought it himself, so he didn't ask much.

"Brother Lu, now that Zhao Siyao has succeeded in building the foundation, and you have also advanced to the late stage of Qi refining, how long will I last in the sixth level of Qi refining?"

On the way, Li Ergou was unhappy.

"Adjust your mentality and go out to practice."

Lu Changan glanced at him with a smile.

Sometimes, once a monk has a mental block, the current bottleneck will accumulate and deepen.

"Well, since I changed my name, my practice and other aspects have not gone well."

Li Ergou sighed.

Before changing his name to Li Changqing, he was like a fish in water when he entered the Mu family, and he could even get broken-rank pills.

Since he was promoted to the fourth level of Qi refining, he changed his name vigorously, first broke his leg when he went to the front line, and then his practice became more and more difficult.

These years, his children have made him worry a lot, and the relationship with his wives and concubines is also cold.

"Brother, do you think I should change my name?"

Li Ergou said abruptly.

In the world of cultivating immortals, there is no such thing as superstition.

The theories of Feng Shui, Qi Luck, and Fate have existed since ancient times. Even some overhauls are convinced.

"What do you want to change your name to?"

"I don't want to change back to Ergou, it's too ugly. Brother, can you get me one?"

Li Ergou begged.

Lu Chang'an's heart moved, and he said: "The name of Changqing, with your aptitude and fate, you may not be able to suppress it."

He once inquired: Liang Guoxiu, a monk with the Taoist name Changqing, who had lived for more than two hundred years, died of a fart.

"How about calling me Li Erqing?"

"Li Erqing? Good! I like this name."

The fat on Li Ergou's face trembled, and he was very appetizing, combining his two previous names together.

"From now on, my name will be Li Erqing."

Li Ergou made such a hasty decision.


Ten days later.

The flying boat landed in front of the mountain gate of Jinyun Valley.

Lu Changan handed over the token for the gatekeeper disciple to convey.

After half an hour.

A ray of cloudy light flew from the mountain gate, accompanied by the spiritual pressure of the foundation building period.

"Uncle Zhao!"

The gatekeeper quickly saluted, thankful that he didn't make things difficult just now.

"Friend Lu, fellow Daoist Li."

A graceful female cultivator with a fluttering fairy dress and a graceful appearance landed in front of Lu Changan and the two of them.

After the establishment of the foundation, Zhao Siyao had an extraordinary bearing, and her beauty shook the world.

"Zhao Daoyou."

Lu Changan and Li Ergou bowed their hands in salute.

With a wave of Zhao Siyao's jade hand, the two of them stepped onto the cloud and entered the Golden Cloud Valley.

"Zhao Daoyou, congratulations to build the foundation, this is our congratulatory gift."

The two of Lu Changan handed over the gift box.

Zhao Siyao accepted the gift, and looked at Lu Changan with a wry smile:

"Back then, fellow Daoist Lu helped me a lot when I became a core disciple and went to practice in the Black Mist Mountains. I wanted to give you a surprise when we met this time, but I didn't expect Fellow Daoist Lu to be promoted to the late stage of Qi refining."

"Surprise? It can't be Bi Ning Dan."

"Exactly this thing."

Zhao Siyao took out a jade bottle, which contained the broken-level elixir in the late stage of Qi refining.

"Today, I will return this 'Bi Ning Pill' to Chang Qing. I will find something suitable for you next time."

After finishing speaking, she handed the jade bottle to Li Ergou.

Li Ergou took the broken-rank elixir and couldn't help being ecstatic:

"Thank you, Fellow Daoist Zhao! By the way, my name is not Changqing now, but Li Erqing!"


		