

Lu Changan slowly collected his strength and ended today's routine practice.

by his legs.

The young Xuanshui tortoise, the size of a water ladle, is rubbing its robe affectionately, absorbing the remaining breath of Changqing Kungfu practice.

Over the years, Lu Changan had a surprise discovery:

Feeding the evergreen mana to the young turtle every day, and when he practiced, the young turtle absorbing breath by his side can actually promote the growth of the Xuanshui turtle's cultivation base.

After observation, the growth rate of Xuanshui turtle eggs is 30% to 40% faster than the record.

This result, he can understand.

Evergreen Kung Fu is related to longevity and years. And the black water turtle is a long-lived species, which takes a long time to grow.

"According to this progress, Xuanshuigui can reach the second level in more than a hundred years, and can reach the third level in about three hundred years, which is comparable to the real person of Danjie."

Lu Changan didn't deliberately increase the duration and dosage, otherwise it would be too obvious.

However, the growth of the Xuanshui Turtle's body size is normal, and the acceleration is mainly due to cultivation and blood talent.

It is difficult to find abnormalities if you are not a professional beast cultivator.

The monster beast has a strong physique, has blood, and is born with some spells and natural abilities.

In this respect, human monks are far inferior, and they have to practice hard to equip magic weapons to compete with them.

Xuanshuigui has just entered the Qi refining stage and has already shown some talent.

One is tortoise breath, which is good at restraining breath, reducing the sense of existence, and improving one's own survival rate.

Followed by water spells, water bubbles, water bombs, water ripples...

The talent in water escape is also beginning to show.

The last is the turtle shell, even if it is a young black water turtle, it is very hard.

Lu Chang'an has tested it, and even a low-grade magic weapon can't cut a turtle shell.

If it grows for a few more decades, the young tortoise will only need to shrink into the shell, and it will be difficult to do anything below the foundation stage.


Squeak!

When Lu Changan was interacting with the young tortoise, the rock rat brought two letters from the gatehouse of the yard and offered to be courteous.

Over the years, Lu Changan has shown great care for the young turtles, which made the rock rats feel in danger and often flattered Lu Changan.

Although low-level monsters are not as smart as humans, they are also better than ordinary animals.

However, the ground rock mouse is only a middle-grade bloodline, which is quite a human middle spirit root. There is no chance, and it is not easy to advance to the second level.

Lu Changan received two letters.

One is from Feiyue Lake.

One is from Jinyun Valley.

A year ago, Lu Changan wrote to Li Erqing and Zhao Siyao at the post station in Huanglong Fairy City.

However, Huanglong Fairy City is far away.

It takes at least half a year for a letter to go back and forth, even if it is a pigeon flying letter.

Lu Changan opened Li Erqing's letter first.

He was relieved to learn that Li Erqing had successfully stepped into the seventh level of Qi Refining without using the Breaking Rank Pill.

"Middle grade spiritual root, Mu Jiu'an?"

Lu Changan looked strange.

Li Erqing's ninth son "Mu Jiu'an" has a spiritual root that is close to the top grade. The family gave Li Erqing generous rewards, such as spiritual stones, magic tools, and later-stage qi refining pills.

It can be predicted that Li Erqing's cultivation speed is back on track.

All this depends on having children.

In the letter, Li Erqing talked a lot about the internal affairs of the Mu family.

Including Missy Mu Xiuyun.

"A year ago, Mu Xiuyun bought a 'maid protection pill' at a high price, but failed to attack the foundation establishment. She was seriously injured and her vitality was seriously injured."

A piece of bad news made Lu Changan sigh.

Failed to attack the foundation building, there is a risk of death.

The Maidan can't increase the probability of building a foundation. But it retains the effect of strengthening the dantian and protecting the meridians, and it is not easy to die if the impact fails.

Mu Xiuyun's qualifications and age are similar to Lu Changan's, she is forty-seven or eight years old this year.

Without Foundation Establishment Pill, it's normal to fail in impact.

If successful, it is good luck.

Mu Xiuyun failed this time, her vitality was seriously injured, and she might have to recuperate for a few years. The next time you want to make an impact, you must be in your fifties at least.

The older you are, the lower your potential, and the chances of building a foundation decrease year by year.

If you want to form a real pill, it is best to build a foundation in your thirties, and you will have greater potential in the future.


Lu Changan opened Zhao Siyao's letter again.

The last time he sent a letter, Lu Changan asked about Zhao Siyao's Zongmen's Jidan and the situation of alchemists.

Zhao Siyao's reply was:

"The Foundation Establishment Pill exchanged in Zongmen can only be used internally, and resale to outsiders is prohibited."

After Zhao Siyao established the foundation, he can exchange for the foundation establishment pill through the contribution of the sect. In addition to the higher exchange cost, she can only give the Foundation Establishment Pill to the younger generation or descendants of the family.

Even if it is a direct descendant of Zhao Siyao, if he has not joined the sect, he cannot be bestowed.

This cut off Lu Changan's thinking of opportunistically taking advantage of the sect.

As for the alchemists of the Zongmen, they generally do not help outsiders to refine the Foundation Establishment Pill, unless the relationship is particularly good.

After all, apart from being busy making alchemy, Zongmen alchemists also have to practice themselves.

Zhao Siyao had just joined Foundation Establishment, and he didn't have enough contacts in the middle and upper classes of Jinyun Valley, and he didn't have any second-tier alchemists he was familiar with.

Even if there is, to find someone to refine the Foundation Establishment Pill, you still need to gather the materials.

The end of the letter.

Zhao Siyao told Lu Chang'an: Jin Yungu has a residence in Huanglong Fairy City, and if he encounters difficult troubles, reporting her name as a token may help.

If there is a big crisis, you can send an urgent message through the Zongmen resident, and Zhao Siyao will come as soon as possible.

"Know your kindness and repay it, Zhao Daoyou has a noble character."

Lu Changan couldn't help but praise.

He now has the backing of the sect and successfully hugged his thigh.

Make less enemies with others, and make more good friends, and you will naturally get help in many ways on the road of practice.

Of course, it is only because he has sufficient lifespan that he can operate in such a stable manner, one step at a time.

Ordinary monks, if they don't fight or fight, they are sitting on the ground waiting to die.


Lu Changan put away the spiritual pet and counted the spoils in the storage bag.

"It's about time."

Today, Lu Changan is going out to sell the stolen goods.

Two years ago, he arrived near the Yellow Dragon Immortal City, killed two of the evil-faced flying eagle's subordinates, and obtained some spoils, including the belongings of the killed family of three.

Pills and other items do not need to be sold.

But middle and low-grade artifacts have the characteristics of stolen goods, so they are not suitable for blatant selling.

In the early years, Lu Chang'an killed the two ugly women of the Zheng family to take revenge, and obtained two or three low-grade magic weapons.

Today, Lu Changan has more than a dozen useless instruments, most of which are below grade.

If they want to plot the Foundation Establishment Pill, it is best for these stolen goods to be cashed out.

When he first came to Huanglong Immortal City, Lu Changan was not familiar with the environment, so he didn't act rashly.

In the past two years, he learned that there is a place in the city that specializes in collecting second-hand magical artifacts, and the recycling price is several percent lower, regardless of the source of the magical artifacts.

In fact, it is a place where stolen goods are sold in disguise.

Huanglong Fairy City has a large flow of people and mixed fish and dragons, it is inevitable that there will be fights to seize treasures.

The environment in the outer city was relatively chaotic. Around Huanglong Fairy City and the dangerous Black Mist Mountains, countless monks died every day.

There is a lot of stolen goods, and demand will naturally arise. Stores with a background will do the business of selling stolen goods.

"Master Lu."

When Lu Changan walked out of Shuiyue Residence, there were monks passing by in the streets and alleys saying hello.

In the past two years, Lu Changan has gotten to know his neighbors, and there are also monks nearby who ask him to buy talismans.

The talismans sold by Lu Changan are of excellent quality, and the price is slightly lower than that of regular stores.


Huanglong Fairy City occupies a vast area, and flying is not allowed in most areas of the city.

Lu Changan controlled the magic weapon, flew out of Jinxiufang, and came to the business district in the center of the inner city.

The bazaar with stalls in the inner city, as well as most of the shops, are located in this area.

Lu Changan didn't go directly to the place where the stolen goods were sold, he went to the inn to book a room first.

Disguise in the guest room.

Then, while no one was paying attention, he slipped out of the room and followed the flow of people out of the inn.

In a quarter of an hour.

Came to a shop that collects second-hand magical artifacts.

Here, the main focus is on the repair of magical artifacts, and second-hand magical artifacts are also collected, which is actually selling stolen goods.

"What do you need, sir?"

The shopkeeper took a look at him, saw the disguise, and showed a tacit smile.

"I have three magical artifacts that I don't need here, will you accept them?"

Lu Changan, a middle-aged man disguised as a man, took out the magic weapon from the storage bag.

"Accept, of course. But it is a second-hand magic weapon after all, and the price is 30% to 50% lower than the normal magic weapon."

After verification, the shopkeeper quoted a price for the three instruments.

"One medium-grade artifact and two low-grade artifacts. The quality is not bad. How about one hundred and sixty spirit stones?"

"It's too low, at least two hundred."

Lu Changan bargained a bit and settled the deal with one hundred and eighty spirit stones.

Selling is cheap, but worry-free.

Lu Chang'an walked out of the shop swaggeringly, his spiritual sense secretly probing to prevent being targeted.

The law and order in the inner city is good, but it is not absolutely safe.

The formations in the city can sense the fluctuations of fighting techniques, and the law enforcement monks will come in time.

But if it is in a remote location, it can easily kill the target in seconds, or succeed in poisoning the attack, with very little movement, and theoretically it can kill people and seize treasures.

It's just that the difficulty and risk are much higher than those outside, and few people implement it.

This is the real world of cultivating immortals, not the main city of the game. There is no absolute safety anywhere in the world of cultivating immortals.


"No one is following."

Lu Changan mixed in with the crowd and found nothing unusual.

Two or three magical artifacts are not enough to make people want to kill in the city.

He goes back to the inn.

Changed another identity and went to another shop that recycles second-hand magical artifacts.

This time, Lu Changan was bolder.

Four magical artifacts were sold at a time, and more than two hundred spirit stones were sold.

"Still not being targeted?"

Lu Changan mixed into the crowd again, which surprised him smoothly.

Huanglong Fairy City is worthy of being the Holy Land of Loose Cultivators!

It is estimated that as long as it is not a treasure with a long history, the risk of selling stolen goods for ordinary magic artifacts is very low.

From this, it can be speculated that there are many unidentified evil cultivators and robbery cultivators hiding in the city.


		