

This Qi-refining third-tier monk was killed by Lu Changan alone.

He has exclusive access to the spoils, and the Mu family monks have no objection.

"Lu Changan, you did a good job!"

Mu Yunfei wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and couldn't help but look at him with admiration.

Several Mu family monks were surprised that Lu Changan killed the third layer of Qi Refining.

But not shocking.

In addition to being an immortal cultivator, Lu Changan was also a master of martial arts. The target he killed was just a new recruit of the Zheng family who had no actual combat experience.

"Being able to save one's life for a short period of time while chasing and killing in the mid-stage of Qi refining, with a courageous character, is a talent."

Patriarch Mu secretly felt sorry.

The fairy seedlings eliminated by the sect, Lu Changan, have proven to have insufficient potential, and their future achievements will be limited.

Even if there are fish that slip through the net, the Mu family will not focus on cultivating them.

For the Xiuxian family, the most important thing is loyalty, and the Xiuxian seedlings are selected and cultivated from the bloodline heirs.

Lu Changan has already missed the best age for cultivating loyalty.

This is also why the Xianmen assessment has age requirements, not just because of potential.

"Poor ghost."

Lu Changan finished counting the spoils.

In addition to the inferior magic weapon, he also got three and a half spiritual stones, and a low-grade Fengxing Talisman of the first rank.

Not even a storage bag.

"You have to adapt, this is the status quo at the bottom of the world of cultivating immortals."

Lu Changan knew that this harvest was normal. The person who was beheaded was only the early stage of Qi refining of the new generation of the Zheng family.

At this time, the sound of breaking through the air came.

Seven or eight monks from the Mu family flew from the direction of Feiyue Lake.

"Maude, how's the situation?"

The leader was a tall man in a black robe, with falcon-like eyes, and powerful mana waves emanating from his body.

"Second Elder!" Mu Yunfei and the others saluted respectfully.

The person who came was the second elder of the Mu family, Mu Renlong.

Nine levels of Qi Refining.

Among the older generation of the Mu family, the most hopeful one will be promoted to the Foundation Establishment Stage.

"Zheng Centipede led people to sneak attack on us. It's a good thing I have the trump card of the Horned Beast, otherwise I'm afraid I will suffer a big loss this time..."

Seeing Mu Renlong, the head of the Mu family heaved a sigh of relief.

While narrating, he subconsciously glanced at Lu Changan.

In fact, Lu Changan contributed a lot.

If he hadn't killed one person and held back the ugly woman on the fourth floor of Qi Refining for a while, the Zheng family's plan would have succeeded.

"Is this the batch of fairy seedlings?"

Mu Renlong's aura was strong, and his sharp blade-like eyes swept over him.

"Meet the elders."

The surviving teenagers were suffocating, feeling invisible spiritual pressure, and dripping with cold sweat.

Lu Changan showed awe at the right time and lowered his head slightly.

Mu Renlong just glanced briefly, and the pressure quickly dissipated.

"Father, are you not hurt?"

A clear and melodious girl's voice sounded.

It seems that there is spring water flowing from the heart, which makes people feel comfortable.

The surviving teenager looked subconsciously.

It was a gentle girl like jade.

The moths frown with green eyebrows, and the snowy face looks like a lotus.

Long skirt and shoes, starry eyes and bright teeth, elegant and refined.

The faces of the teenagers were stupefied. They had never seen such a woman with such temperament and beauty.

"Xiuyun, why are you here! I'm fine as a father, it's just that my mana is consumed too much..."

Mu Maode's expression was serious, with a hint of love in his eyes.

Show art, Mu show work.

The teenagers silently remembered the name of the daughter of the Mu family.

Lu Changan also took a second look at Mu Xiuyun.

The special feature of [Nine Seal Monument] is that although he has experienced two reincarnations, he does not have the mentality of a centuries-old monster.

His original intention remains the same, just like the beginning of time travel, he has joys, sorrows, sorrows and joys, and also appreciates beauty.

It's just that he has seen too much, and it is difficult for ordinary beauties in the world to impress him.


Along the misty Feiyue Lake, a group of people went to Mu's residence.

Mu Maode and Muren Longfei are at the front.

"Ren Long, the Zheng family's attack is probably not just to intercept and kill these fairy seedlings. They took such a big risk, maybe they want to test the ancestor..."

Mu Maode's expression was dignified, with a worried expression on his face.

"Hmph! These clowns! The ancestor of the Zheng family is not seriously injured, and dare to come to the Mu family to provoke? We must pay back!"

Muren Long's face was full of evil spirits.

Patriarch Mu shook his head: "We have to think long-term! Our young and strong monks are not as good as the Zheng family, so don't fall into the trap."

The Mu family's family land was built along the lake, scattered with villages, towns and villas.

Along the shore of Feiyue Lake, Lu Changan saw some spiritual fields, where the lowest-level spiritual valleys were planted.

The real core of the clan land is Yuexin Island in the center of Feiyue Lake.

Below Yuexin Island, there is a second-order spiritual vein that can be cultivated by foundation-building monks.

People with foreign surnames like Lu Changan are naturally not qualified to enter Yuexin Island.

They were placed in the "Jiyue Villa" by the lake.

This villa is the closest to Yuexin Island, only more than twenty miles away.

There are two first-order spiritual veins under the villa, which are branches of the second-order spiritual vein on Yuexin Island.

"Tier 1 high-grade formation, water curtain light and shadow formation."

Lu Changan saw the layout at a glance.

A layer of transparent ripples that are invisible to the naked eye covers the entire Feiyue Villa, providing functions such as cover, protection, and warning.

"You can practice at Mu's house with peace of mind."

Before Patriarch Mu left, he said to the six immortals:

"As long as you fulfill the conditions mentioned before, you will stay free in the future. If you want to stay in the Mu family, the Mu family will treat you as a member of the family."

"Yunfei, settle them down."

After the explanation, Mu Maode, dressed in green, flew to Yuexin Island in the hinterland of the family.

"Follow me to apply for an identity badge."

Mu Yunfei led the way and introduced the situation of Feiyue Villa.

Immortal seedlings from the Mu family, as well as monks from the middle and lower classes, cultivate here all year round.

Mu Yunfei was no exception.

To be eligible to apply to settle in Yuexin Island where the second-order spirit veins are located, one must be at the seventh level of Qi Refining and above.

The members of the Mu family who met on the road cast strange glances.

Some whispered behind their backs, and there was no shortage of playful and contemptuous glances.

Lu Changan was already mentally prepared.

Who told them that they are people with foreign surnames, they are here to match... to marry.

Moreover, the tolerance of the Xiuxian family is not as good as that of the Zongmen.

From Lu Changan's understanding, if the Zongmen is quite a multinational group, then the Xiuxian family is a family business.


Two hours later.

The six people from Lu Chang'an received their ID badges.

Each person chooses a house with a detached family.

The house has only one floor, and the area is small, covering about half an acre including the courtyard.

"The spiritual energy provided by a first-order spiritual vein is barely considered a small dojo."

Lu Changan's mind settled down, and he felt a lot more relaxed.

So what about living under the fence?

As long as there is a place to practice, isn't it good to go whoring for nothing?

The yard he chose was relatively remote, close to the shore of Feiyue Lake, but it was relatively humid.

Li Ergou's courtyard was deliberately chosen to be next door to Lu Changan, only tens of meters away.

"This silly boy."

Lu Changan chose a remote area to practice quietly and avoid dealing with people.

However, Li Ergou has a simple temperament, so there is no need to intrigue when getting along with him.

Nothing happened overnight.

When Lu Changan practiced "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art", his whole body seemed to turn into a piece of dead wood, blending with the vegetation in the courtyard.


The next day, Lu Changan's practice was interrupted.

The Mu family wants to welcome these "new clansmen" and organize a banquet.

All must go.

"Catch the wind and wash away the dust?"

Lu Changan needn't think about it, it must not be that simple.

Feiyue Villa, in a large hall.

Six teenagers with foreign surnames, one table for one person, delicacies from mountains and seas, delicious food and wine.

On the carpet in the middle of the main hall, dozens of young girls walked one after another, each of them was Ana, thin and fat.

For a time, the hall was filled with fragrance.

Every woman has a beautiful appearance and a good temperament, without the customary rouge.

Some are gentle and elegant, smiling without showing their teeth.

Some have a cold temperament, and their white clothes are like snow.

Or slim, pure and charming.

There are also plump figures, wearing hazy veils, charming and seductive...

"These are the outstanding mortal women of my Mu family. Each of them has been influenced by secular scholars, knowledgeable in books and rituals, proficient in piano, chess, calligraphy and painting..."

"Don't worry, they are all innocent!"

A steward of the Mu family sat at the head and said with a smile.

"Today, they will take care of you. If you meet someone you like, I will congratulate you in advance."

You don't need to order from Mu's housekeeper.

These beautiful and temperamental women surnamed Mu, gracefully went to the single tables one by one.

Serving tea and pouring wine, reciting poems and making love.

Breathe orchid fragrance, play the piano and blow the flute.

Most of these young girls surnamed Mu are descendants of immortal cultivators, and they are not maidservants in the clan, and have a certain status and autonomy.

They came here voluntarily and chose the fairy seedling boy they liked.

Lu Chang'an has a middle-grade spiritual root and has both talent and appearance, attracting several beautiful girls surnamed Mu.

Lu Changan remained expressionless, and waved away all the beauties who approached.

Drinking alone, no one comes close.

On the contrary, Li Ergou, accompanied by a few women surnamed Mu, blushed and anxiously lived next to a young girl's waist, causing a burst of laughter.


An hour later, the reception banquet ended.

Li Ergou met a girl surnamed Mu who was not tall but had fair skin and beautiful skin.

"Brother Lu, how about the daughter-in-law I chose?"

Li Ergou walked over, unable to hide the excitement on his face.

Lu Changan thought, you also ask my opinion when you choose a wife?

"What do you like about her?"

Among the young beauties that Li Ergou selected, their looks and temperament could only be considered in the middle and lower reaches.

"She looks like Cuihua!"

"It's the village flower in my village! Besides, she's more beautiful than Cuihua..."

Li Ergou looked very satisfied.

"It's pretty good." Lu Changan was silent for a while and nodded.

Ask again: "When will you get married?"

Li Ergou rubbed his hands: "The steward said that if you are in a hurry, you can have a banquet and enter the bridal chamber tonight."

Lu Changan: ...


		