

This book is a mortal framework, incorporating the elements of Gou Dao, longevity, and a little bit of reincarnation. It is not the kind of eternal life that is constantly reborn. Goldfinger will continue to develop it.

Although this book is doggy, it is not the ultimate dog. If you are strong enough, you can pretend to be a pig and eat a tiger, and you cannot avoid being crushed. The resources of important nodes will also be fought for.


Some frequently asked questions:

) The previous two lives of the protagonist and this life are not on the same map, but they are in the same world, far apart.

As for whether there were any legacy treasures left in the previous life, the article did not clearly explain.

) Why doesn't the protagonist make alchemy by himself?

The arts of cultivating immortals, such as alchemy, drawing talismans, and formations, all have talent restrictions. Brushing proficiency is one thing, but it doesn't mean you can have high achievements if you brush without brains.

) Why didn’t the protagonist learn this or that in his previous life, and try his best to pave the way for the next life.

The protagonist has good aptitude in his previous life, and his goal is Nascent Soul. It is not sure that he will reincarnate next time. Even the third world doesn't dare to guarantee it, and it's not the system that will explain it to you.

Therefore, cultivation is the foundation. It is very impressive to be able to cultivate the talisman art to the third level. It takes a lot of energy, and you have to take care of the family and compete for opportunities. Do you really think that forming a pill is very idle? And this book requires talent and proficiency in all the arts of cultivating immortals, so there is no spare time at all.

) The spiritual root setting of this book is based on the game "Ghost Valley and the Eight Wilds", which has all five elements, and it depends on the attribute with the strongest aura sensitivity.
"I am Evergreen in the World of Cultivation of Immortals" The book type is currently being typed, please wait a moment,
After the content is updated, please refresh the page again to get the latest update!



		