

Hearing this, Ning Jiajian let out a long sigh.

The presence of the foundation building period is not surprising.

Although the scale of the second-order spiritual veins in Zhuye Mountain is not small, it must simultaneously support the second-order large formation, as well as the monks in shops, inns, and caves.

Only a small area on the top of the mountain can enjoy the second-level spiritual vein treatment.

Even with the cooperation of the spirit-gathering array, the daily burden of the second-order spirit veins is not small.

If it hits the foundation building and absorbs a lot of heaven and earth spiritual energy, it will indeed affect the second-order large formation.

And this auction came during the foundation building period, some of them knew their roots, some of them were hiding their true faces, and their identities were unknown.

If the Ning family built a foundation here, if it led to a weak point in the formation, once any troubles broke out, the Huang family might not be able to hold it down.

The tragedy caused by a Foundation Establishment Pill had happened in the past city of the Immortal Cultivation World.

"Many families can afford to buy the spirit stones of the Foundation Establishment Pill. But to keep the Foundation Establishment Pill, it will cost the family heritage and price."

Lu Changan felt emotional in his heart.

In his previous life, he worked hard for his family, and he has a deep understanding of the hardships involved.

"Friend Daoist Ning wait a minute."

Huang Changling exchanged a few words with the heavy-armored middle-aged Zhuji beside him, and suddenly called the three of Ning's family to stop.

"If you are worried about the safety of the road, the bodyguard Pang from the 'Tianwei Building' next to me can provide escort for you, but you need to pay a sum of spirit stones."

Huang Changling introduced.

As the organizer of the auction, the Huang family didn't want the buyers of Zhu Jidan to encounter accidents on the road, which would be bad for Fangshi's reputation.

"But the Tianwei Building in Huanglong Immortal City?"

The red-faced elder of the Ning family couldn't help being overjoyed when he looked at the bodyguard Pang in heavy armor.

Tianwei Building is a well-known bodyguard organization in Huanglong Immortal City, with a good reputation.

This organization specializes in escorting monks and has a deep background.

For example, Maple Leaf Huang's family, this time they held the auction, for the sake of safety, they invited the bodyguards from Tianwei Building.

After the auction ended, Huang Changling simply introduced it to the Ning family.

"Fellow Daoist Ning pays 1,500 spirit stones, and I will lead eight bodyguards in the late stages of Qi refining to escort you back to your family."

Escort Pang was very happy to take another order along the way, and the asking price was considered reasonable.

"Okay! The old man will pay three hundred spirit stones first, and the rest will be given to Fellow Daoists."

The patriarch of the Ning family, the middle-aged man behind him, and the beautiful woman in a green dress all showed joy.

The two Jianji teamed up, and with the prestige of "Tianwei Tower", the Hui people will be much safer this time.

After reaching an agreement, the three of the Ning family quickly flew out of Zhuye Mountain under the escort of the "Tianweilou" bodyguard team.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh...

At the auction venue, many monks were scattered and took the opportunity to leave Zhuye Mountain.

"Changling, this auction has worked hard for you."

Behind Huang Changling, there appeared a man in civilian clothes with vicissitudes of life, who seemed to be in his 30s or 40s, with a few strands of Chinese hair intertwined in his hair.

The cultivation of the commoner man has reached the middle stage of foundation establishment.

"Uncle Tan, it is my duty to manage Fangshi."

Huang Changling, who looked ancient and rare, said in a respectful tone.

The Huang family has three foundations, and the one with the strongest strength and seniority is Huang Tankong in the middle stage of foundations.

At this time, Huang Tankong and Huang Changling, the two foundation builders, stood on the pavilion, watching the flow of people leaving the auction.

"In time..."

Overlooking the bustling city, the two foundation monks felt a long-lost pride in their hearts.

At this moment, Zhuye Mountain was several miles away.

“Bold revenge——”

A loud shout sounded, and then came the fluctuation of fighting skills.

The powerful aura of mana collision seems to have reached the foundation building stage.

"There are people fighting outside the city!"

"Could someone snatch the Foundation Establishment Pill?"

The faces of the two Huang's Zhuji sank, they were extremely ugly.

Being so close to Fangshi, they couldn't wait to kill and seize treasures, and they simply didn't take them seriously.

If you want to fight, you should stay away.


In the plain five or six miles away from Fangshi.

The three of the Ning family took a flying boat and were quickly evacuated under the escort of Pang's bodyguard from Tianwei Tower and others.

suddenly.

They caught a powerful evil wind.

In the distant sky, dark clouds rolled.

An evil-looking man with long hair stepped on a black cloud and blocked a flying boat piloted by a foundation-building period.

"Leave the Cold Moon Blade and the Blood Spirit Pill, and Liang will spare you!"

The cold voice carried an unquestionable tone.

"Bold robbery! Dare to intercept my Beast Master Zhou family?"

On the flying boat, a middle-aged scribe in the foundation building period felt the power of evil spirit blowing towards his face, and couldn't help shouting sharply.

It was the Zhou family who established the foundation, Zhou Jingxuan.

"Uncle Jingxuan, this person is Liang Shaotian!"

Behind her, the girl in the yellow skirt who was on the seventh floor of Qi Refining, exclaimed.

The long-haired man was dressed in a black robe with moiré patterns, his face was slightly pale, his brows were straight, his nose hung like a gall, and his slender and sharp black eyes looked like a deep cold pool.

Touching the opponent's black pupil, Zhou Qingxuan was shocked and almost collapsed.

"The Zhou family, who is only a mere beast master, doesn't know good or bad!"

Liang Shaotian's black hair fluttered, and his figure was blurred.

In the next moment, two or three black wind shadows attacked the middle-aged scribe at the same time.

boom! Puff!

Several huge black wind blades, accompanied by the whistling sound of electric arcs, violently charged in front of the middle-aged scribe.

"Qingxuan, be careful!"

The middle-aged scribe was so frightened and furious that he sacrificed a black inkstone, which swelled to several feet in size, like a miniature mountain peak.

However, under the ravages of several groups of black winds and electric arcs, this top-grade magic weapon only persisted for a breath or two, and its aura shrank dimly.

"not good!"

The middle-aged scribe retreated quickly, condensed a layer of mana shield, and spit out another mouthful of blood, which fell on the black inkstone. The latter's aura climbed a bit, and barely survived the first round of offensive.

Under the impact of the strong wind of the confrontation in the foundation building period.

Zhou Qingxuan's delicate body flipped in the sky, and the talisman mask on her body was broken several times, barely avoiding the confrontation zone.

"Senior Foundation Establishment nearby, we are the Beastmaster Zhou family, please help us!"

Zhou Qingxuan, with a pretty pale face, was so anxious that she hurriedly called for help.

"The Zhou family was attacked!"

"It's the devil Liang Shaotian!"

The few people who left Fangshi's foundation building period were taken aback.

During the sweep of consciousness, Zhou Jingxuan of the Zhou family was severely injured and vomited blood, and was about to die at any time.

"The target is not us! Get out—"

Bodyguard Pang of the Tianwei Tower's face turned serious.

"Yes, let's go!"

The foundation-building patriarch of the Ning family couldn't wait more.

The Foundation Establishment Pill they carried was a hot potato in the first place, so they dared to make trouble out of it.

Avoid the nearby foundation building period.

He was afraid that Liang Shaotian would kill Zhou Jingxuan and go after them.

There was a "bang".

Zhou Jingxuan, a middle-aged scribe, fell from mid-air and fell to his knees on the ground, dying.

"Senior Liang, my uncle has offended me so much, please raise your hand. We are willing to offer the Cold Moon Blade and the Blood Spirit Pill."

Zhou Qingxuan supported his uncle, thinking of some rumors about Liang Shaotian, he respectfully begged for mercy.

"Qingxuan, how can you wait like this... Woohoo!"

Zhou Jingxuan covered his mouth when Zhou Jingxuan spoke halfway.

She took off one of Zhou Jingxuan's storage bags, raised her plain hand, and floated in front of Liang Shaotian.

"It's too late to beg for mercy now!"

Liang Shaotian took the storage bag, swept his consciousness, and cast a cold glance at Zhou Jingxuan, who was seriously injured and weak.

"Senior Liang, you are a generation of magic giants, and you have a lot of adults."

Two lines of clear tears fell on Zhou Qingxuan's face, I felt pity to see it.

"Cut off an arm."

Liang Shaotian looked indifferent and stood with his hands behind his back.

Puchi!

Without waiting for his uncle's consent, Zhou Qingxuan took out a shiny silver blade, raised the knife with his hand, and chopped off Zhou Jingxuan's arm.

"what……"

The middle-aged scribe passed out.

"Senior Liang, are you satisfied?"

Blood splashed onto the girl's delicate jade face, revealing a touch of enchantment in her innocence.

"Little girl, not bad!"

Liang Shaotian nodded and cast admiring glances.

With his hands behind his back, stepping on the black cloud light, he was about to leave.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

At this time, two auras of the foundation building stage came from Zhuyeshanfang City.

"Bold evil cultivator! Dare to loot near Fangshi."

Huang Tankong and Huang Changling, two foundation-builders, rushed over through the sky.

When other monks are attacked, they may not necessarily take action, but the Beast Familiar Zhou family is the force that the Huang family wants to curry favor with.

But it was still too late.

Liang Shaotian's strength exceeded expectations, and he easily ended the battle.

This made the two who rushed over feel a little regretful.

"Looking for death! You dare to meddle in Liang's business."

Liang Shaotian narrowed his black pupils, glanced at Huang Tankong who was in the middle stage of foundation establishment, and frowned slightly.

He took a deep breath and slowly opened his palms.

puff!

A cloud of cold and distorted black magic flames jumped up in the palm of his hand, exuding a dangerous aura that shocked gods and ghosts.

"That is……"

The hearts of the two Huang family's two builders felt a deadly threat.

"Black Gang Demon Flame!"

Huang Tankong lost his voice in shock.

"Daqing Cultivation World, one of the top ten true flames!"

The Foundation Establishment period that is nearby can't help but feel creepy.

"Changling, run!"

Huang Tankong yelled in panic, used evasion techniques, and fled to Fangshi quickly.

Whizzing!

The menacing Huang family's two major foundation builders retreated to Zhuye Mountain in a panic.

Immediately activate the second-tier defensive array.

"Humph!"

Liang Shaotian's flame became more and more arrogant, and with the black gang demon flame in his hand, he chased to the front of the big formation in Zhuye Mountain.

In front of Aolifang City, dark clouds of devilish energy rolled over.

It actually overwhelmed the monks in the entire square city.

"Uncle Tan, can the formation block it?"

"If the Black Gang Demon Flame has the legendary power..."

Huang Tankong's voice was low and his face was solemn.

Liang Shaotian looked down on the many monks in the square city.

No one dared to look directly at them, and all lowered their heads.

During this period, he saw Lu Changan.

Lu Changan looked at him with a blank expression on his face.

Glancing at the ball of magic flames, I even wanted to laugh in my heart.

The entire square city was silent for a long time in depression.

Liang Shaotian suddenly put away the magic flame, put his hands behind his back, stepped on the black cloud light, and flew to the distant sky with his long hair fluttering.

"Senior Yan, for your sake today, Liang will not wash this Zhuyeshanfang city with blood!"


		