

The exercise chosen by Lu Changan is called "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art".

This is the second world.

The ancient health-preserving skills he obtained from the cave of "Yan Donglai", the great monk of the Nascent Soul.

At that time, he was already four or five hundred years old, and he almost lost his life fighting with others in the cave.

The only harvest is a half-volume "Ancient Wood Evergreen Technique", which can be cultivated to the Yuanying stage.

"Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu" is characterized by cultivating sentiment, prolonging life, and having a long pulse.

The disadvantage is that, as a health-preserving skill, its power is average and its cultivation speed is slow.

For the third life, choose this merit.

Lu Changan only values ​​one thing, and that is life extension!

""Ancient Wood Evergreen Kungfu" must be practiced from the Qi refining period, and as a major exercise, in order to increase lifespan. If you change to practice halfway, lifespan increase will be invalid!"

"The effect of prolonging life is half the lifespan of monks of the same level in each realm."

"The Qi refining period can prolong life by fifty or sixty years."

"Foundation building period, life extension 120 years."

"During the period of alchemy, prolong life by 300 years."

The lifespan of a monk in the normal Qi refining period is only one hundred and twenty.

The foundation period is two hundred and forty years.

The life span of the Dandan period is as high as five or six hundred years.

That is to say, in this life, as long as Lu Changan returns to the alchemy stage of his previous life, he will have a lifespan of nine hundred years!

If you get some life-extending treasures of natural materials and earth, it is not impossible to live a thousand years.

Lu Chang'an didn't believe that in this life, with a lifespan of nearly a thousand years, he would not be able to advance to the Nascent Soul Stage if he acted steadily and steadily at every step.

After two lifetimes of reincarnation, he deeply understands the significance of Shouyuan to immortal cultivators.

In the world of cultivating immortals, the real winner is the one who survives to the end.

Cultivators are seriously injured in fighting techniques, including using some secret techniques, which often affect their lifespan and foundation.

In the second life, Lu Chang'an wanted to advance to the Nascent Soul stage, but due to the restriction of his lifespan, he had to compete for various opportunities and experience life-and-death struggles, so his foundation would inevitably be damaged.

This also affected the later impact on the Nascent Soul Stage, and finally fell into the Heavenly Tribulation.

"In the second life, I don't have much life left. I major in fire-type exercises, and my spiritual root is also biased towards fire-type. It's not suitable for me to switch to the wood-type "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu."

"In this life, I am a middle-grade spiritual root, and I have a high sensitivity to fire, wood, and gold auras. I happened to practice the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art" from the Qi refining period, increasing my lifespan layer by layer."

The qualifications of cultivators are divided into:

Inferior spirit roots, low-grade spirit roots, middle-grade spirit roots, high-grade spirit roots, earth spirit roots, and sky spirit roots.

In addition, there are innate treasure bodies outside the independent spiritual root system. For example, the body of Thunder Spirit, the body of Qinglian, the body of Dragon Yin, etc.

Innate treasure body is too rare, Lu Changan doesn't know much about it.

The grade of the spiritual root system is divided according to the degree of sensitivity to the aura of heaven and earth.

Normal monks are all five elements.

The grade of the spiritual root mainly depends on the attribute of the spiritual energy with the strongest sensitivity.

Sensitivity ten, the lowest standard for low-grade spirit roots.

Sensitivity twenty, the lowest standard for Zhongpin Linggen.

Lu Changan's sensitivity to fire aura was just over 20, which reached the minimum standard of middle-grade spiritual roots.

The second is wood aura, with a sensitivity of seventeen.

Golden aura, sensitivity fifteen.

As for the water and earth aura, if the sensitivity is less than ten, it is not good. This means that it will be more difficult to practice spells with these two types of attributes in the future.


That night, Lu Changan held the spiritual sand in his hand and began to practice the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art".

On the way, a month passed by.

The last grain of spiritual sand in Lu Changan's hand turned into powder.

"The first floor of "Ancient Wood Evergreen Technique"!"

Lu Changan conveyed the magic power in his body, which was as thin as a gossamer, and felt an evergreen aura.

As soon as he got started, he felt that the magic power of Changqing Gong was endless.

Long pulse, strong endurance!

This point alone makes up for the mediocre power of ancient health-preserving exercises.

When monks of the same level fight, magic weapons and supernatural powers are the most important.

The mana is continuous and can support magic weapons and supernatural powers for a longer period of time. Even if you run away, there are no small advantages.

"However, the cultivation speed of "Ancient Wood Evergreen Technique" is slower than expected, and it is not even comparable to "Open Source Sutra."

Lu Changan feels this shortcoming is the most obvious.

Of course, "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kungfu" also has hidden surprises.

That is the effect of restraining Qi!

When this technique is restraining the breath, the whole person seems to be turned into a piece of rotten wood, making it impossible to see the real cultivation.

Many wood-type exercises have the effect of restraining qi, but they are far inferior to the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art".

"Yes, this suits my philosophy of low-key practice and steady management in this life."

Lu Changan nodded secretly.

Once you choose this technique, don't keep thinking about fighting and fighting for opportunities in the future.

Don't fight!

In this life, he will steadily step into the Nascent Soul Stage and discover the true secret of the [Nine Seals Monument].


The spiritual sand in Lu Changan's hand was exhausted.

Before arriving at Mu's house, he was too lazy to practice.

In the mundane land of poor souls, the cultivation effect is too poor, not to mention the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu" has a gentle progression.

There are still two months to go.

Lu Changan didn't cultivate immortals, he simply picked up the worldly martial arts and practiced them.

In Lu Chang'an's first life, as a casual cultivator, he spent a period of time in the secular world. He killed several masters who were gifted in martial arts, and collected some top martial arts cheats.

He has a deep memory that secular martial arts masters pose a threat to monks in the Qi refining period. If he is taken lightly, a monk in the Qi refining period may also overturn.

In this life, at the beginning of the game, the first level of refining Qi, the magic power is too weak, and there is no weapon or talisman to protect the body.

The power of "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu" is mediocre, and it cannot be expected.

There is a serious lack of means of protection.

The next road.

Lu Changan took the time to practice martial arts, just thinking about more self-defense methods.

This exercise is quite a surprise!

Secular martial arts have extremely low requirements on the aura of heaven and earth.

Lu Changan was originally a second-rate master in the world, a genius in martial arts.

Being fed back by the [Jiuyin Monument] made his soul far surpass that of ordinary people, and the strength of his consciousness at the first level of Qi Refining was close to that of the seventh level of Qi Refining.

With a powerful soul and a high-level view of a cultivator, the cultivation of martial arts can be described as a rapid progress.

Less than two months.

Lu Chang'an's martial arts practice ranged from second-rate to first-rate, then to super-first-rate, and finally he was promoted to martial arts innate!

At this time, Lu Changan had just turned eighteen.

"An eighteen-year-old martial arts master is enough to shake the world of martial arts."

Lu Chang'an felt the innate qi in his body, and his body was completely reborn.

Of course, compared with the magic power of an immortal cultivator, the true energy of martial arts is much worse.


"Cheer up! There is still half a day to go to Mu's residence."

On the official road, Patriarch Mu's spirit horse led the way, followed by more than a dozen fine horses.

After two or three months of long journey, the spirit root teenagers were physically and mentally exhausted.

Only Lu Chang'an practiced the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kungfu" with vigorous energy and strong resilience.

During this period, there is still time to practice martial arts.

As for Lu Changan's martial arts training, Patriarch Mu Maode saw it and didn't say anything.

Lu Chang'an was originally a person from the world, and practicing martial arts fit his personality.

As for whether it will delay the cultivation of immortals, Patriarch Mu doesn't care much.

He didn't really want to train Lu Changan and others, he only cared about how much spiritual root blood they could bring to the family.

It doesn't matter if Lu Changan "doesn't do his job properly".

When there is no hope of immortality, it is easier to stay in Mu's house and put more energy into it in the future.


"It's here! Feiyue Lake!"

A few days later, the spirits of several Mu family monks lifted.

Lu Chang'an and the others looked into the distance, and the outline of a lake, under the light of the moon, glowed like jade.

"That is the water resource of the Linghu Lake controlled by the Mu family. It is said that it can produce spirit fish..."

The breeze was blowing, and everyone felt a moist breath.

The aura of the surrounding world is far superior to the mundane land of spiritual poverty.

Feiyue Lake is not far away.

It is already close to the Mu family's territory.

Everyone in the Mu family, who had been vigilant all the way, couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

The task of escorting the fairy seedlings was finally completed.

Just when everyone felt relaxed.

scoff——

There was an ear-piercing whistling sound, and fiery breath rushed towards his face.

Hoo hoo hoo!

In the blink of an eye, dozens of flames the size of lanterns slammed into the team of the Mu family escorting Xianmiao.

"Enemy attack!"

Patriarch Mu's complexion changed drastically, and he shouted angrily.

Except for the spirit horse under his seat, the rest of the horses were so frightened that their legs limp and neighed, or they ran away in fear.

For a while, people turned their backs on their backs, and dust flew up.

"Protect the fairy seedlings!"

Amidst the angry shouts, Patriarch Mu and the four family monks tried their best.

Water curtain, golden mask, earth wall technique, magic weapon umbrella... Try to protect ten fairy seedlings.

However, there are dozens of flame groups, and they can't do airtight protection.

"what……"

There was a scream, and a bookish young man was hit by a flame as big as a lantern, and his body burned.

Soon his body was blackened and he stopped struggling.

The other nine teenagers shuddered and dodged in embarrassment.

The physique of the cultivators is better than that of ordinary people, but several people are still injured.

"Oh my god! The world of cultivating immortals is too scary..."

Li Ergou's face was pale, and he was almost scared to pee.

He was pulled by Lu Changan's arm, and he drew seven or eight meters on the ground, avoiding the explosion range of a ball of fire.

Lu Changan's spiritual perception is strong, and he has martial arts, so he is relatively calm.

"Hahaha... Mu Maode! Want to bring back these seedlings? That requires the consent of my Zheng family!"

From the hill on the left, seven monks flew out, holding various magic weapons.

The leader of the black-skinned strong man, with a red flame sword on his feet, has a centipede-like scar on his cheek, which almost spreads to his neck, adding a bit of ferocity.

The fluctuation of mana in this person seems to have reached the ninth level of Qi refining!

"Cultivator of the Zheng family! Zheng Centipede!"

Several monks of the Mu family couldn't help but lose their voices.


		