

Lu Changan nodded to shopkeeper Xu, and followed the boy to leave.

Although the Zhuyeshanfang City was established by the Huang family, the forces of all parties are intertwined, and there is no shortage of immortal cultivating families and even sect monks.

Even Young Master Huang didn't dare to act recklessly.

Besides, Lu Chang'an has Zhou Qingxuan's favor, who is someone that Young Master Huang wants to curry favor with.


"Master Lu, it's a pleasure to meet you."

In the private room of the restaurant, young master Huang, who was dressed in a purple jade robe and had an extraordinary appearance, looked at Lu Changan with a pair of red phoenix eyes and a smile.

A year ago, Huang Yu met Lu Changan once. At that time, as an ordinary talisman master, he didn't care.

It wasn't until Lu Chang'an refined the "Frost's Fall" talisman and received a favor from Zhou Qingxuan that he officially entered Young Master Huang's vision.

"Young Master Huang invites me, I don't know..."

"No hurry, no hurry! Try the hundred-year-old green bamboo spirit wine first."

Young Master Huang behaved politely, took out a black jade wine jar, and personally drank for Lu Changan.

Young Master Huang picked up the wine glass and drank first as a respect.

Lu Changan didn't have time to think, and drank a cup.

I only feel the taste is clear, and a trace of pure wood spirit is fermented in the stomach, nourishing the internal organs.

"Good wine." Lu Changan praised.

"Brother Lu is refreshing."

A flash of surprise flashed in Huang Shaozhu's eyes, and he talked eloquently:

"This hundred-year-old green bamboo spirit wine is a specialty of Zhuye Mountain. It needs to brew first-grade top-grade spirit bamboo shoots, which ordinary people can't buy."

Young Master Huang admired Lu Chang'an's straightforwardness and ease.

On the topic that followed, Young Master Huang asked about Lu Changan's situation in Mu's house and Fang City, and mostly praised him.

If it wasn't for the situation a year ago, Lu Chang'an would almost have thought that this was a respectful corporal and an approachable young master.

Drink three points.

Young master Huang's fair face was slightly red, and he pushed a jade box in front of Lu Changan.

"Be careful, please accept it, Brother Lu."

"Young Master Huang, you are..."

Lu Changan opened the jade box and looked, and couldn't help but be moved.

In the jade box, there are four crystal-clear spirit stones, like rare gems.

This is a mid-grade spirit stone.

One piece can be exchanged for at least one hundred low-grade spirit stones, and there is often a fluctuation of more than 10%.

Quite more than four hundred spirit stones.

For the late stage of Qi refining, it is a huge sum.

In addition to the middle-grade spirit stone, there is also a small porcelain bottle in the jade box with three words on the label: Bi Ning Dan

"Break-through elixir in the late stage of Qi refining!"

Lu Changan was secretly surprised that Young Master Huang has such a big hand!

The other party's intentions are clear at a glance.

At such a price, it is more than enough to dig a high-grade talisman master.

"I believe Brother Lu understands the truth of 'a good bird chooses a tree to live in'. Even if you are an outstanding talent like you, will the Mu family give you a broken-rank pill in the future?"

Young Master Huang calmed down and smiled leisurely.

If Lu Changan was an ordinary monk, he would definitely not be able to resist such temptations.

Young Master Huang was right.

It is almost impossible for Lu Chang'an, a person with a foreign surname, to obtain a broken-level elixir in the late stage of Qi refining in the Mu family.

In the Mu family alone, I don't know how many monks lined up.

A few years ago, because of the meritorious service in the medicine garden, Miss Mu's family got the broken-rank pill and was promoted to the late stage of Qi training.

Lu Changan is currently at the fifth level of Qi refining, and after the sixth level of Qi refining, he will also face a bottleneck in the later stage.

However, Young Master Huang couldn't think of it at all.

The third generation of Lu Chang'an rebuilt the Evergreen Kung Fu one step at a time. The foundation is extremely solid. Breaking through the late stage of Qi training, there is no need for broken-level pills.

What limited his cultivation speed was the years.

"Young master Huang is disappointed. Lu has practiced in Mu's family for more than ten years, and he can't do anything to betray the family."

Lu Changan took a deep breath, and moved his gaze away from the jade box with difficulty.

The smile on Young Master Huang's face froze.

Never expected that such a price would fail to lure Lu Changan.

He poached Lu Changan mainly for two points:

First, Lu Changan's Fu Yi talent is good, it is a talent. Good at some relatively unpopular and difficult talismans, which enhanced the competitiveness of Mu's talisman shop.

If Lu Changan's Fu Yi goes a step further and joins forces with Mu Xiuyun, it will significantly improve the Mu family.

It is reflected in the growth of financial resources and the reserve of high-quality talismans.

Once Lu Changan is poached, it will be a blow to the Mu family.

Second, Lu Changan has the favor of the genius granddaughter of the Zhou family. If he can make good use of it, it will help the Huang family's strategy.

"Haha! I see!"

Young Master Huang's thoughts turned and he suddenly realized.

"Don't you just like Mu Xiuyun? That's why you're willing to follow her?"

"Don't worry! When this young master gets her, I will reward you as a concubine in the future. At that time, your fairy road will be magnanimous, and you will embrace the beauty. How beautiful is it?"

At the end, Young Master Huang clapped his hands and smiled.

With the ambiguity of a man, he thought he could see through Lu Changan's mind.

After all, the first time he met that gentle and beautiful young lady in Fangshi, he was amazed, and even slightly regretted that he didn't marry back home.

"Young Master Huang, don't make such jokes casually."

Lu Changan looked worried, and got up to leave.

After two lifetimes of cultivation and reincarnation, Lu Changan's original intention has not changed.

Although I dare not say that I have not killed innocent people in the previous two lives, but I have never failed anyone.

He has lived in Mu's family for more than ten years, and he may run away in times of crisis, but he has not yet committed any act of betrayal.

Of course, having a bottom line does not mean he is kind.

Lu Changan holds grudges very much, basically he must avenge any grudge.

Once the strength is enough, the shot is crisp and merciless.

"This kid..."

Young master Huang's expression was gloomy, he didn't expect that Lu Chang'an would not enter.

Beforehand, he had investigated Lu Chang'an, and it can be said that he was alone, and he usually didn't leave the gate of Fangshi.

Such a person is not so easy to handle.


Leave the wine shop.

Lu Changan returned to Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop.

Go to the third floor as soon as possible and tell Mu Xiuyun about the matter, but didn't mention the specific details.

Lu Changan did this in order to prevent Huang Shaozhu from carrying out divorce schemes afterwards.

Even if he doesn't say what happened today, Mu Xiuyun will know sooner or later.

In fact, Young Master Huang may deliberately publicize it to the outside world, so that there will be a rift between Lu Changan and the Mu family.

"Chang'an, thank you!"

Mu Xiuyun smiled, bright and radiant, and her starry eyes flowed with a charming look.

The voice is soft and graceful, crisp and heart-warming.

"In order to scoop you up, Young Master Huang must have offered a very high price. The Mu family was very lucky to be able to call you into the clan back then."

The fragrance of osmanthus and orchids surges in, making people feel refreshed.

Mu Xiuyun walked up to him, with gentle eyes, stretched out a bare hand, and caressed the back of his hand.

Lu Changan felt the beautiful woman's fat-like skin, and that bare hand was as cool as jade.

Wearing a long green gauze dress, the graceful and elegant eldest lady, with her starry eyes lowered at this moment, her face is as clear as the clouds, is beyond belief.

Even though he cultivated his health and cultivated his nature, there was also a slight ripple in his peaceful heart lake.

"It should be so. Without the cultivation of the Mu family, I would not be where I am today."

Lu Changan remained calm and let go of his hand.

Arch your hands and exit the room.

Mu Xiuyun was stunned for a moment, her face was clear and rosy, she bit her thin lips lightly, wanting to speak.

Looking at Lu Changan's back, her eyes were dim, and she immediately fell into thought again.


"call!"

"This place is really different from the clan. In just half a day, I have faced such a big temptation."

Returning to the room on the second floor, Lu Changan couldn't help but sigh with emotion.

First, it was Young Master Huang's bribery.

Then there is the eldest lady's beauty Ruyu.

Just now, if Lu Changan followed the trend, he could have fallen in love with Mu Xiuyun.

Of course, there is a big difference between Mu Xiuyun's beauty buying and Young Master Huang's.

After the battle in the medicine garden that year, he vaguely sensed the trust and affection that the eldest lady had for him.

After arriving in Fangshi, Mu Xiuyun asked Lu Changan to practice high-grade talismans at any cost.

If Lu Changan can get married, it will be the best of both worlds for Mu Xiuyun.

Entering the Mu family is indeed a development idea.

But in this life, Lu Chang'an didn't want to have so many worries.

With a long lifespan and stable operation, the chances of being promoted to the Nascent Soul stage are not small.


No desire, no desire, no light.

Lu Changan's life in Fangshi was carefree.

Half a month later.

Lu Changan and shopkeeper Xu sat in the teahouse and chatted.

"Brother Lu, with your age and my aptitude, if you don't give it a try in this life, I'm afraid there will be no hope of building a foundation for the rest of your life."

Shopkeeper Xu, whose hair was full of hair, expressed emotion.

"Oh, shopkeeper Xu, what's your opinion?"

Lu Changan smiled slightly and made a gesture of listening.

As the head of the Nishang Pavilion, shopkeeper Xu is the core figure of a Qi refining family.

A hundred years ago, their clan also had a foundation building period, but it declined later.

This family has a legacy of foundation building, and its strength cannot be underestimated in the late stage of digital qi refining.

"Brother Lu, let me tell you a secret."

Shopkeeper Xu lowered his voice and communicated via voice transmission.

"Under the ruins a hundred miles away from Zhuye Mountain, I found a hidden treasure house suspected to be left by the Zheng family."

"The hidden treasure house of the Zheng family?"

Lu Changan was dubious.

However, this surrounding area used to be the territory of the Zheng family. The family was plundered by evil cultivators, and was almost exterminated by the Mu family later. It is not uncommon to have a hidden treasure house.

Lu Changan's eyes flickered slightly: "Why did Shopkeeper Xu tell me such a secret?"

"To be honest, the hidden treasure house has a powerful restriction, which is difficult to break through in a short period of time, and is easy to leak. If I seek help from other powerful monks, I may not be able to guarantee my own interests."

"Brother Lu's cultivation level is not high, his character is reliable, and he has talismans to help break the restriction. He is Xu's most ideal partner."


		