

Zhike Peak, inside the pavilion.

There was no Xia Feilun at this party, and the atmosphere was very harmonious.

Zhao Siyao has cultivated to the eighth level of Qi Refining.

The huge gap made Lam Yi and Li Ergou feel hopeless, and they had no hope of catching up in this life.

As the initiator of the party and the only female cultivator, the topic naturally centered on Zhao Siyao.

Through chatting, the three of Lu Chang'an learned many secrets of Liang Guoxiu's immortal world, which were difficult for low-level monks to get in touch with.

Even Zhao Siyao knew a thing or two about the situation in the neighboring country of cultivating immortals.

Zhao Siyao was elegant and generous, and did not neglect anyone. He asked the three of them about their current situation and gave advice.

When it comes to Edward Lam, one cannot avoid the Yinxian Pavilion he built with great painstaking efforts.

"Lin Daoyou, your 'Hidden Immortal Pavilion' descended from the secular world and started the business of low-level monks. It is a good idea. But be careful not to interfere with the secular dynasty and avoid touching the interests of sects and aristocratic families..."

Zhao Siyao's evaluation is good.

"This is not the result of me alone." Lin Yi said humbly, feeling very good in his heart.

Zhao Siyao asked again: "Do you know Lin Daoyou and Brother Zhang Tieshan?"

"Occasionally we have some contacts." Lin Yi was not sure about Zhao Siyao's attitude, and replied cautiously.

Zhang Tieshan was the number one in the third stage of the entrance examination of Jinyun Valley, "Illusion Heart Terrace".

Lu Chang'an had met this person once in the Prince's Mansion, but at that time he rejected the invitation of the other party to kill ghosts in the haunted house.

It was that time that Lin Yi accompanied Zhang Tieshan in killing ghosts and eliminating evil.

"Although Zhang Tieshan's qualifications are mediocre, he has a firm mind and is appreciated by an elder from Waifeng. It's rare for you to get to know him!"

Zhao Siyao's unexpected praise.

This made Lin Yi, who is now mature and steady, almost a little bit in a trance, creating an illusion that Fairy Zhao might favor him.

Fortunately, he is calm enough to know the gap between them.

Even though I have admired her for many years, I dare not show anything in front of Fairy Zhao.

Later, we talked about Li Ergou.

Zhao Siyao couldn't help but smile, it was difficult to connect the rich and handsome grandfather named "Li Changqing" with the timid, dark-skinned peasant boy back then.

"Haha! Fellow Daoist Changqing is hugging left and right in the Xiuxian family, and his cultivation is steadily improving. If he entered the sect back then, how could he have a good life now?"

Lin Yi joked that he was inevitably envious.

The peasant boy who was once underestimated by him now surpasses him in status and cultivation in the world of immortality.

Lu Chang'an also smiled, if Li Ergou really entered the sect, he might not be as nourished as he is now.

"Li Daoyou should pay attention, the mundane atmosphere in the world will affect the cleanliness of the six roots. But if you can cleanse the mundane, it will be a blessing to your spiritual state of mind."

Zhao Siyao also gave advice.

Finally, mention Lu Changan.

Zhao Siyao's bright and beautiful eyes paused slightly on Lu Changan's face.

When the two first met, she was still a young girl, and she was attracted by the legends of the world and the love between children and children that Lu Changan told at that time.

The intimacy back then, the indescribable throbbing, after more than ten years and the vast world of cultivating immortals, even the lingering rhyme is about to fade away.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, although the wood-type kung fu you practice has the effect of retaining your face, it is slow to improve. If you have the opportunity, you may consider switching to a fire-type kung fu that is more suitable for you."

Zhao Siyao smiled, feeling regretful.

Originally, Lu Changan's qualifications were not bad.

Failed to enter the sect, one step was wrong, resulting in wrong steps.

Now, his cultivation is still behind Li Ergou.

"Fu Dao is a good skill, but don't be too obsessed with it. My monks' Taoism is the foundation."

"Thank you, Fellow Daoist Zhao, for your concern."

Lu Changan could tell that Zhao Siyao had good intentions and gave the three of them very pertinent advice.

To be able to get the guidance of Zongmen monks is something ordinary casual cultivators can't ask for.

next.

Lin Yi and Li Ergou asked Zhao Siyao for advice on spiritual practice.

"I can't afford to ask for advice, we discuss with each other."

Zhao Siyao is not arrogant with her status, she smiles from time to time and listens carefully, breaking the cold fairy air that people dare not offend when they first met.

The atmosphere became more and more harmonious.

With a sect fairy like Zhao Siyao around, the exchanges and discussions between the few of them on cultivation were relaxed and joyful.

Tasting tea and discussing Taoism is pleasing to the eye.

Everyone here has something to gain.

In the process of explaining, Zhao Siyao occasionally had inspirations and insights in his heart.

Even Lu Changan, who has been re-cultivated, has a feeling of reviewing the old and learning the new when talking about these low-level cultivation content.

This is the "couple" in the land of wealth couples.

Communicate with colleagues, get the teacher's precepts and deeds.

Individual wisdom is limited.

If you keep building cars in closed doors and do not communicate with your colleagues, even if you have a long time, you will face various difficulties and shackles.

The harmonious and pleasant atmosphere at this moment made Lu Changan feel gratified.

In the previous two lives, he had been exposed to too many intrigues, and the world was sinister.

At the beginning of cultivation in this life, the few friends I met had good natures.

The four have known each other for more than ten years, and they are in different classes in the world of cultivating immortals. It is commendable that they still keep in touch with each other.

Of course, Lu Changan is well aware that people's hearts are fickle, the rest of his life is long, and the future is still unknown.


Seeing the sun go down.

Zhao Siyao finally brought up the topic of this meeting.

"Three fellow daoists, I invite you to come over this time. Siyao has something to ask for."

Zhao Siyao's tone was sincere.

"Zhao Daoyou, we basically understand your situation. If you need anything, just ask."

Lin Yi said cheerfully.

Zhao Siyao nodded and smiled, and took out a slightly rusty iron umbrella.

This is a magic weapon, the skeleton of the umbrella is broken in two pieces, and there are several obvious cracks on the surface of the umbrella.

"This is a high-grade magic weapon handed down from my family. Unfortunately, the material is damaged, and only 30% to 40% of its power is left..."

Zhao Siyao spoke eloquently.

She wanted to compete for the status of core disciple, but the magic weapon in her hand was not strong enough.

Normally, a high-grade magic weapon corresponds to the initial stage of foundation establishment.

But in the sect, the disciples have extraordinary skills and profound magic power. With the cultivation base in the late stage of Qi refining, they can also control high-grade magic weapons and exert powerful power.

Zhao Siyao had two difficulties in repairing this high-grade magic weapon.

First, there are not enough spirit stones.

Her spirit stones are mainly used for cultivation, and she doesn't have spare spirit stones for repairing magic tools.

The gap in the spirit stone needs to be at least two hundred.

Second, this magic weapon cannot be repaired by an artisan in the sect, otherwise the ability and characteristics of the magic weapon may be leaked, which is not conducive to her competing for core disciples

The main reason is that Zhao Siyao doesn't have a trusted craftsman in the sect.

She wants to entrust someone she trusts to go outside to repair it in Fangshi, without letting the competitors inside know.

The first point is easy to solve.

Lu Changan took out a hundred spirit stones.

Edward Lam gritted his teeth to support the sixty spirit stones.

Li Ergou only took out fifty Lingshi.

A total of two hundred and ten spirit stones.

The spirit stone is basically enough, the question now is who will do it.

Lin Yi had a faint expectation in his heart, after all, the Yinxian Pavilion he created was regarded as the bottom force in the world of cultivating immortals.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, if you have time, go to 'Wufengfang City' and find the 'Gulai' refiner to repair this magic weapon."

Zhao Siyao's beautiful eyes wandered among the three of them, and finally landed on Lu Changan.

In addition to keeping it secret, it takes time to repair the magic weapon. She is now in an important stage of practice and doesn't have so much free time to go out.

"Okay, I'm going to the market outside to buy some materials."

Lu Changan agreed without thinking.

Even if he doesn't help this favor, he still has to go to Fangshi to buy the first-order spiritual sandstone and sell the spoils.

Edward Lam on the side was envious.

Leaving such an important matter to Lu Changan to repair the high-grade magic weapon shows Zhao Siyao's trust in Lu Changan's character and ability.

"There are still two sect missions, I hope Lin Daoyou and Li Daoyou can help."

Zhao Siyao pursed her lips and said with a smile.

Soon, Lin Yi and Li Ergou each received a task entrustment.

Li Ergou's task was to go to the capital of Liang State to secretly protect the descendants of a deacon in the foundation period of Jinyun Valley for half a year.

The reason is that the political situation in Liang Guo's capital is unstable, and the descendant of the sect is in a key official position.

Yi Lam's mission is to collect a rare species of Crane Moon Grass. This kind of exotic grass only grows in specific places on the night of the full moon, and its value is not high, but it is relatively cumbersome to obtain.

It takes a lot of energy to collect twenty plants, and it may take a year.

Zhao Siyao didn't have the energy to do these two sect tasks, but the sect had mission requirements every year and they could get contributions at the same time.

"Zhao Siyao is thoughtful and has arranged suitable errands for each of us."

Lu Changan thought secretly.

For example, Li Ergou arranged the simplest bodyguard mission, and he was also the highest among the three.

Lin Yi's task is relatively cumbersome, but with the cooperation of Yinxian Pavilion, it is not difficult.

Lu Chang'an's mission is the most important, and he needs someone who acts steadily and has a reliable character.

"Three friends, Siyao will remember what happened today."

Before parting, Zhao Siyao had a proper demeanor and saluted gracefully.

"Zhao Daoyou, you are welcome."

Lin Yi and Li Ergou were flattered.


Farewell to Zhao Siyao.

The three of Lu Changan went down the mountain together.

"Brother Lu, do you know why Xia Feilun didn't come this time?"

Lin Yi said with a mysterious face.

Xia Feilun?

Lu Changan recalled the three-year appointment in Juxianlou, the alchemy apprentice taunted him during the banquet, and treated the three of them with contempt.

In this meeting, Zhao Siyao didn't mention this person at all.

"Hey! Let me tell you."

Lin Yi gloated and said: "Xia Feilun has sold inferior pills and poisonous pills these years, and has harmed many casual practitioners, even the descendants of Zongmen monks. Zhang Tieshan reported this matter to the Law Enforcement Hall, and Xia Feilun He has been imprisoned recently, and will soon face heavy punishment from the sect!"


		