

"Being targeted?"

If it weren't for Lu Changan's strong spiritual sense and keen senses, he would have almost missed the hands and feet on the spirit stone.

These days, he has been cautious enough to think that he has not revealed any flaws.

Lu Changan's face was cloudy and uncertain, he pondered over and over again, analyzed and found the reason.

He has gone through two reincarnations of cultivating immortals, and his knowledge and cognition are by no means comparable to ordinary monks.

Preliminary inferences were soon made.

The first is that he was simply unlucky, and was targeted by Jiexiu in the market, and he was regarded as a fat sheep who was easy to attack.

The second is that his disguise method cannot be perfect, and it happens to be noticed by someone with a heart in his actions.

The above two are mainly due to luck.

In addition, there is a third situation, which is not a luck factor.

Lu Changan looked at his storage bag.

In his previous life, he knew that some spirit beasts with a keen sense of smell could detect the treasures in the storage bag or the medicinal materials of the previous year.

He once knew a strange person who could tell how many spirit stones are in your storage bag just by getting close.

The world of cultivating immortals is full of wonders, and various rare and mysterious techniques emerge in endlessly.

Never take it lightly and think that it is absolutely stable.

"The storage bag in the world of cultivating immortals is not a real space prop, it can form its own space."

Lu Changan sighed lightly.

The storage bags used by ordinary monks are made of low-level space materials and special forbidden refining tools.

In theory, it is equivalent to compressing the volume of several water tanks to the size of a small cloth bag.

It must also be combined with the weight loss restriction, otherwise people will walk on the ground with one foot and one hole.

The protection of the storage bag mainly depends on the prohibition and strong material, which cannot prevent some clever detection.

"Forget it, the profit from this sale is enough for many years."

Lu Changan was not ready to act.

Inside the cave.

He sat cross-legged, closed his eyes, and consciously communicated with the handsome man of the first life in the Nine Seals Monument.

In the past few years, under the nourishment of his soul, the imprint pattern of the first life has been lit up again.

The higher the realm, the faster the lighting speed.

However, the white-bearded old man who was at the pinnacle of alchemy in the second life only lit up a strand of hair.

Perhaps it is because the soul background of the alchemy period is too strong.

The progress of lighting is as slow as a snail.

If it can light up the imprint pattern of the second world.

The last time Lu Changan faced the evil cultivator Liang Shaotian, he didn't have to put on airs, and he had every chance to severely injure him, or even kill him.

Lu Changan speculated that after he built his foundation, he could speed up the lighting of the second world.

"No one is watching."

With the blessing of the soul imprint of the second life, Lu Chang'an's spiritual consciousness can be amplified to the foundation establishment stage.

The spiritual consciousness of the foundation building period can be released outside.

In the past two days, Lu Changan checked the surroundings of the cave from time to time, but found no suspicious person.

"The other party found out that they were bluffing, and chose to give up, or temporarily lurk?"

Lu Changan no longer went out.

A few days ago, I bought large batches of the first-order sand and stones needed for the "Cloud Sand Body Refining Art", which cost hundreds of spirit stones.

This amount is not exaggerated, but it is not small, and it may also attract the attention of interested people in the industry.

Lu Chang'an heard that there is a black market in Fangshi, which is more suitable for selling stolen goods.

"Since it is a black market, it is a dark place, and the risk must be greater than that of the square market."

Lu Changan shook his head.

Without absolute assurance of strength, he wouldn't even touch the black market.


After a few days.

Finally when the appointed time came, Lu Changan left the cave and went directly to Bailianfang.

"The top-grade magic weapon, the Tie Luo Umbrella, is of the same quality as before."

Master Gulai handed over the brand-new iron umbrella to Lu Changan.

"Two hundred spirit stones, money and goods."

Lu Changan checked it, and found that the magic weapon was well repaired, with almost no traces visible.

"By the way, Master Gu. If you have all the materials, can you make the same iron umbrella in the future?"

Before leaving, Lu Changan asked a question.

Tie Luo Umbrella, a high-grade magic weapon, can switch forms, can attack and defend, and has hidden umbrella needles that can be activated, which is quite to Lu Changan's appetite.

"Yes! The Tie Luo Umbrella is an imitation of the magic weapon 'Thousand Chance Umbrella', and it can be imitated up to a top-grade magic weapon. However, with my current skills, I can only create a top-grade magic weapon."

"Furthermore, rebuilding one is expensive, at least seven or eight hundred spirit stones."

Gu Lai narrowed his eyes to look at him.

Lu Changan's disguise was not hidden from his eyes.

"Forget it then."

Lu Changan seemed to feel that the price was too exaggerated, so he said goodbye and left.

Although his spiritual consciousness is strong, his mana cultivation is not enough to truly support a high-grade magic weapon.

At present, the medium-grade magic weapon is the most suitable for him. Combined with a powerful spiritual sense, two pieces can be controlled in a short period of time, which is comparable to the late stage of Qi refining.


After taking the magic weapon.

Without stopping for a moment, Lu Changan quickly left Wufengfang City.

Just flew out of Fangshi for a distance.

Lu Changan frowned, feeling that there was a tail behind him, and there was a vague sense of prying eyes.

He quickly fell into a forest.

Close your eyes and concentrate, get the first life soul boost of Jiuyinbei, and quickly release your spiritual consciousness.

In this state of increased consciousness, one must concentrate and communicate with the Nine Seal Monument.

Normally, or in combat state, it cannot be used.

Unless the first life comes to the body, a chance is consumed.

"It turned out to be him..."

Lu Chang'an showed surprise. His spiritual sense detected an old man with a beard and eight levels of Qi refining. He was taking out a black face scarf and putting it on his face.

This person is the treasurer of the "Elixir Pavilion" in Fangshi.

Lu Changan pretended to be several identities, and went to the other party's shop to trade several times.

"Boy, don't blame me for doing it."

"If you want to blame, I blame you for coming to my shop again and again. It's really tempting. I can't help it..."

The shopkeeper of the Lingyao Pavilion made a tactic with one hand, and above the palm of one hand, there was a little fat insect with spread wings, staring at the direction where Lu Changan was hiding.

This insect can sense the precious medicinal herbs of the year in the monk's storage bag.

"Humph!"

A muffled thunder-like sound exploded in my ears.

The shopkeeper of the Lingyao Pavilion looked pale and his heart trembled.

The next moment, the little flying insect above his palm screamed, bleeding and falling, its belly swollen.

Was instantly shocked to death.

"No, it's the foundation building period!"

The shopkeeper of the Lingyao Pavilion was scared out of his wits, performed the secret technique of burning blood, and took two consecutive acceleration symbols, and fled to Fangshi at a speed far exceeding the ninth level of Qi training.

Until he ran back to Fangshi.

He was covered in cold sweat and had lingering fears.

"It's too insidious! The dignified foundation building stage is actually pretending to be a weak Qi refining stage. Fortunately, the old man reacts quickly."

The shopkeeper of the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion after performing the secret surgery almost collapsed. His face was pale, and he sat down on the ground.


"It's so fast!"

In the woods, Lu Changan was stunned, looking at the berserk figure of the 70-year-old man walking like flying, dusty.

The shopkeeper of the Lingyao Pavilion in Fang City is considered a local snake, with a background and an eighth-level cultivation of Qi Refining.

Lu Chang'an just used his spiritual sense to warn, containing the sound wave shock to kill the spirit insect that could sense medicinal herbs.

Going out to fight, of course, is sure.

But if it can't be taken by lightning, it might cause trouble. Who knows if the other party has a helper or a strong background.

In Wufengshanfang City, there is a base building period to sit in town.

"Wufengfang City, the Spirit Medicine Pavilion?"

Lu Changan made a silent note, and quickly left Wufengshanfang City.


a month later.

Lu Changan returned to Jinyun Valley and asked the gatekeeper disciple to report.

Not long after, Zhao Siyao, who was as cold as a fairy, flew out.

"Fortunately, life is not humiliated."

Lu Changan didn't enter the mountain gate, and took out a long box from a hidden corner and handed it to Zhao Siyao.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, I will trouble you this time."

Zhao Siyao took the long box, opened it and glanced at it quickly, his picturesque face showed a hint of joy.

"Zhao Daoyou, is there a larger market around us?"

Lu Changan heard about it.

Based on his experience, it is safer to sell high-value items in a larger market.

"The scale of Wufengfang City is not small." Zhao Siyao mused, "For a bigger city than this, the only one nearby is the 'Huanglong Fairy City'. It is backed by the 'Black Mist Mountain' and there are many casual cultivators. If you have enough financial resources , you can even buy Foundation Establishment Pills."

"Yellow Dragon Immortal City? Foundation Establishment Pill?"

Lu Changan also heard people mention Huanglong Immortal City in Mu's house, it is farther away.

His heart moved. When Muren Long built the foundation, he probably went to Huanglong Immortal City.

"Can Fellow Daoist Lu refine high-grade talismans now?"

Before leaving, Zhao Siyao asked a question.

"It's relatively reluctant, and the success rate is very low. Every time you refine one by chance and share the cost, you will suffer a serious loss."

Lu Changan replied.

At this time, if he becomes a top-rank talisman master, his talisman talent will be extremely high.

Lu Chang'an didn't want to be targeted by big forces and become a tool for drawing talismans. Once you get involved in some vortex, you can't help yourself.


A month later, Lu Changan returned to Hengshui Mansion.

Went to the Prince's Mansion.

Lu Changan was going to leave a message, so he went back to Feiyue Lake without waiting for Li Ergou.

It will take at least a few months for Li Ergou to work as a bodyguard in the capital.

Lin Yi happened to be at the mansion, entertained him personally, and proposed to buy a new batch of talismans, with higher quality requirements than before.

"Brother Chang'an, if we contact you in the future, we won't be in the Prince's Mansion anymore."

Edward Lam showed a mysterious smile.

"Go, I'll take you to the stronghold of Yinxian Pavilion and show you a surprise!"


		