

Lu Changan never thought that he would meet his immortal cultivator guide in Huanglong Fairy City.

Before the memory of this life awakens.

In the territory of the Nujiang Gang, Lu Changan met a down-and-out and injured casual cultivator, that is, Daoist Guan.

With the advice of the other party, he set foot on the immortal road, and later went to Jinyun Valley to participate in the assessment.

Back then, Lu Changan went back to the Nujiang Gang to meet his adoptive father, and asked about the whereabouts of Taoist Priest Guan, and learned that the latter left without saying goodbye after two months of being assessed by the sect.

Since then lost audio.

"Lu Changan, is it really you?"

Daoist Guan's tone was agitated, Bai Xu trembled slightly, and he walked closer.

I haven't seen him in nearly 30 years. Taoist Guan is much older, approaching old age, and his cultivation is at the sixth level of Qi training.

Behind Daoist Guan was a delicate girl, thirteen or fourteen years old, with a timid look, her almond eyes blinked, and she looked at Lu Changan curiously.

"This is the female apprentice that Pindao adopted in Huanglong Fairy City, her name is Guan Qiaozhi."

Looking at the little girl, Taoist Guan's eyes were much gentler.

"Brother Lu." Guan Qiaozhi greeted obediently.

Hearing the address of the female apprentice, Taoist Guan caressed his beard and smiled:

"Qiaozhi, don't look at Lu Changan as young, his actual age is probably older than your biological father."

"what!"

Guan Qiaozhi covered her mouth with her hands in surprise, her face flushed.

Lu Chang'an secretly slandered: Daoist Guan doesn't trust me, and he exposed himself in front of the female apprentice as soon as we met.

Of course, Daoist Guan's words are true.

Lu Changan was promoted to the seventh level of Qi training at the age of forty-five, and he will be forty-six in half a year.

"You can call me Brother Lu."

Facing the somewhat "frightened" little girl, Lu Changan said kindly.

"Senior Brother Lu." Guan Qiaozhi bowed and said crisply.

Seeing this scene, Taoist Guan looked at Lu Chang'an in relief, and talked a little closer.

There is a saying in the world of cultivating immortals:

For the monks, the guide of cultivating immortals is like a teacher and a father.

How important is a fairy fate?

From mortal to immortal, reborn, the grace of reinvention, even involves cause and effect.

Therefore, monks tend to respect their own immortality.

Of course, it is not ruled out that some monks are ungrateful and ungrateful. After they have successfully cultivated, they don't take immortals seriously at all.

There are many deeds of killing immortals because of grievances.

At this moment, Lu Changan and Guan Qiaozhi treat each other as brothers and sisters, which is to recognize the kindness of Taoist Guan's "immortal guide".


Huanglong Fairy City, Qinxiang Tower.

Lu Changan invited Daoist Guan and his disciples to have a feast of spiritual food, and chatted while eating in the private room.

"Chang'an, you don't need to spend money, order two less dishes. Even if you are a top-rank talisman master, you can't waste it, save more spirit stones for the future."

The wrinkles on Elder Guan Dao's face seemed to be a little smoother, and he was really happy to be recognized and entertained by Lu Changan.

After talking, Daoist Guan sighed deeply when he learned of Lu Changan's experience in these years.

Daoist Guan was somewhat disappointed that Lu Changan failed to enter Jinyun Valley.

Fortunately, Lu Changan is doing well now.

Seventh floor of Qi refining, a first-level top-rank talisman master, in the huge Huanglong Immortal City, with a little effort, he can live a good life.

Lu Changan learned about Taoist Guan's experiences over the years.

Guan Daochang was chased and killed, injured and fled to the area of ​​the Nujiang gang.

After recovering from his injuries, he learned that Lu Chang'an had not passed the sect assessment, so he went to the north of the Liang Kingdom to avoid being found by his enemies.

Twenty years ago, I came to Huanglong Fairy City, the Holy Land of Sanxiu.

At that time, Daoist Guan, in his fifties, wanted to make a final fight on the immortal road.

It was only after arriving in Huanglong Fairy City that I realized the cruelty of the competition among low-level casual cultivators.

His cultivation base is not outstanding, he doesn't have good skills, and he has been hanging out in the outer city of Huanglong Xiancheng for more than ten years.

There are very few achievements, and the cultivation is limited to the sixth level of Qi Refining, and this life can see the end.


Guan Qiaozhi is an orphan adopted by Taoist Guan. His biological parents died early, but fortunately he has spiritual roots.

There is no hope of immortality, and Taoist Guan, who has only a few days left in his life, has the idea of ​​finding a successor.

They said they were taking apprentices, but they actually raised Guan Qiaozhi as a daughter or granddaughter.

Guan Qiaozhi is a low-grade spiritual root, with ordinary aptitude, but she is dexterous, and has learned the skill of handling animal skins and making talisman papers, and has a unique talent in this area.

Guan Daochang is good at making cinnabar spirit ink, making it with Guan Qiaozhi's talisman paper, and selling the raw materials for painting talismans.

Small business, earn a craft money.

"Guan Daochang, I remember that you have a little knowledge of talisman art, why don't you take the route of talisman master?"

Lu Changan asked curiously.

"Sigh, the entry threshold for talisman masters is relatively low. It is very difficult for first-tier low-rank talisman masters to get along in Huanglong Immortal City. They can hardly earn spirit stones, and middle-rank talisman masters are not that strong. Only first-tier top-rank talisman masters, with a small number, can make stable profits. "

Daoist Guan sighed.

He has indeed studied talisman, but limited by his talent, he is just a low-grade talisman master and has not yet made money as a craftsman.

"Yellow Dragon Immortal City, as a holy place where casual cultivators gather, is really impressive."

Lu Chang'an sighed secretly, he had a deeper understanding of the current status of the lower level of this fairy city, and the competition was more intense than that of his first casual cultivator.

When the two talked.

Guan Qiaozhi's almond eyes were bright, staring at the spiritual food delicacies on the table, a little cautious, she ate small bites, but never stopped.

unconsciously.

A pile of debris had accumulated on her desk, and when she realized it, her little face couldn't help but blush, her bright eyes turned, and she glanced at Lu Chang'an quietly.

"It made Chang'an laugh. Qiaozhi and I have only moved to the inner city in recent years, and this is the first time we have visited a high-end spiritual food shop like Qinxianglou."

Guan Daochang is calm.

This spiritual banquet is worth tens of spirit stones, and the ingredients are the flesh and blood of monsters and spiritual plants.

Eating such a meal is of some benefit to the body and cultivation.

Lu Changan smiled and said, "It's not easy to live in the inner city. I haven't been to such a high-end restaurant a few times."


Knowing that Daoist Guan lived in the inner city, Lu Changan asked about the dental clinic and renting a house.

"Changan wants to rent a house in the inner city?"

After understanding Lu Changan's needs, Daoist Guan pondered:

"We have a house with a yard for rent in the area of ​​'Jinxiufang'. It meets your requirements, but the price is a bit high."

"Oh?"

Lu Chang'an was slightly interested and asked about the situation of the house.

Jinxiufang is one of the sixteen residential areas in the inner city, and its grade is in the middle.

The spiritual environment is between the first-order middle-grade spiritual veins and the top-grade spiritual veins.

This point is a bit lacking for Lu Changan. But his practice speed is mainly limited by the years, which has little influence.

There are two things about this house that Lu Changan is quite satisfied with.

One is a detached house with a separate courtyard, with good privacy.

The other is relatively stable. This house is not privately held, and the property rights belong to Huanglong Fairy City.

Once the lease contract is signed, you can stay in it for a long time.


Lu Changan was not in a hurry, so he simply went to Jinxiufang with Guan Daochang, his teacher and his apprentice.

Enter a slightly remote alley.

Lu Changan first went to Taoist Guan's residence to sit for a while.

Guandao’s long-term rental house is relatively small, only about a hundred square meters, and it is privately owned, and the price is more affordable.

The downside is that there is no yard and it borders other houses.

In essence, it is a joint lease method in which a large house is divided into several houses.

The house that Daoist Guan mentioned was diagonally opposite the door, about twenty or thirty feet away.

It was an unused secluded courtyard, covering an area of ​​about half an acre, which was not bad in the inner city of Huanglong.

"Who lives in the house next door?"

Lu Chang'an found that on the left side of the other courtyard, there was a larger courtyard with tall and magnificent pavilions, and two sets of first-level high-grade formations were arranged, and immortal cultivators occasionally visited it.

You can't go wrong with renting a house and getting to know your neighbors.

"That's Alchemist Dewey's house!"

"Du Wei is a top-rank alchemist, and he studied under the well-known 'Hua alchemist' in Xiancheng. If Du Dan had not many wives and concubines, and valued that the house was big enough, I am afraid that he would not live in Jinxiufang, but the aura environment better area."

Daoist Guan looked at the house with a cautious tone, a little in awe.

"Some of the monks who came and went came to him for alchemy, or they wanted to contact that Huada alchemist through him."

"Oh, what kind of alchemist is the 'Hua alchemist' that Dewey studied under?"

Lu Changan's heart skipped a beat.

"Second-rank middle-grade alchemist."

"Famous teachers produce outstanding apprentices, no wonder they live in such a big house!"

Lu Changan praised.

He has already decided that it doesn't matter if it is more expensive to rent the other courtyard diagonally opposite.

Lu Changan would naturally not miss this kind of good opportunity to contact a second-tier middle-grade alchemist.

His main purpose in coming to Huanglong Immortal City was to plan for foundation establishment.

The Foundation Establishment Pill, except for those sold at large auctions, is rare to see.

This kind of strategic resource, Xiuxian Zongmen and aristocratic family will basically not sell it to the outside world.

The Foundation Establishment Dan at the auction is facing competition from various major forces, and it is very difficult to win.

Luckily won.

It is easy to make enemies and make enemies. Under the watchful eyes of the public, it is really too high-profile for an individual monk.

In addition to the auction, contact alchemists of the second level or above in private, and theoretically be able to refine foundation building pills.

The biggest problem is: the main ingredients of Zhuji Dan and several auxiliary medicines are scarce and hard to find, and they are basically monopolized by big forces, so it is difficult to get them together.

Even so, this is still a way to obtain Foundation Establishment Pill.

Since it was refined privately, it was much more low-key than competing for the Foundation Establishment Pill at the auction.

"Unfortunately, my alchemy talent is mediocre. Over the years, I have only reached the threshold of a first-rank alchemist."


		