

In Ge Yi's storage bag, there are three or four hundred spirit stones, which is not too much for a top-rank alchemist.

The real value is the herbs and elixir.

Those precious medicinal herbs alone are worth at least a thousand spirit stones.

"This old guy doesn't know how much he has been greedy for ink."

Lu Changan clicked his tongue and smiled.

The pills in various bottles and jars are mainly first-order, worth hundreds of spirit stones.

The two medium-grade instruments are the black net and the flying shuttle that Ge Yi used in fighting skills.

Among them, the black net weapon has a slightly enchanting effect, can be used for offense and defense, and has the effect of trapping the enemy, which is very comprehensive.

It is regarded as a fine product among middle-grade instruments.

There are three low-grade instruments, all of which are of good quality.

One alchemy furnace, including alchemy recipes, books in the field of alchemy, etc.

"First-order high-grade alchemy furnace, not bad..."

Lu Changan touched a dark purple hexagonal alchemy furnace, and nodded in satisfaction.

In this life, he was restricted by the Evergreen Kungfu to absorb the Qi of the years. Although the advancement was slow, after taking the elixir, he only needed to practice for one or two hours a day, and he had a lot of free time.

He is trying to take this opportunity to learn other skills.

The above trophies belong to Ge Yi.

There is also a small flying boat that Zheng Yuanhua lent Ge Yi to use.

The flying boat is a special flying magic weapon, which is much faster than the magic weapon of the same level.

The small flying boat that Lu Changan got can carry three to five people.

Of course, carrying more people will affect the flight speed and increase mana consumption.


The loot is plentiful.

Ge Yi's worth far exceeds that of ordinary late-stage Qi refining monks.

However, most of the most valuable herbs are stolen goods.

Including Ge Yi's black net magic weapon, it cannot be shown openly in the Mu family.

Those precious medicinal materials are sealed in each jade box.

If the time is too long, the medicinal properties will inevitably be lost, causing the herb to wither.

"If there is a chance in the future, we must find a place to sell the stolen goods."

Lu Changan thought in his heart.

There are a lot of sundries in Ge Yi's storage bag, including some letters, materials and so on.

Lu Changan cleaned up one by one, kept vigilant, and eliminated suspicious items.

During the cleaning process, Lu Changan had an unexpected harvest.

"Hey! This is 'Erosion Marrow Powder', and there is an antidote."

There are two small cans, one black and one white, in the corner of the storage bag. Lu Changan came to a conclusion through spiritual detection and several tests.

What a pleasant surprise.

Lu Changan was limited by the materials before, and the mixed poison he prepared was not very powerful.

The erosion powder is different, it is extremely lethal to the Qi refining stage.

In the late stage of Qi refining with a deep cultivation base, he can resist a little bit. Or just like Mu Xiuyun, who has anti-virus wonders.

Xisui powder is not completely odorless, it has a bit of herbal bitterness, and it is naturally suitable for use in medicine gardens and mountain forests.

Lu Chang'an's idea is: apply "Erosion Marrow Powder" on the Qiqiao needle, stab the target with a hidden weapon, invade through the wound, and the poison will be more violent and faster.

In addition to erosion powder.

Lu Changan had another unexpected harvest.

It was a brass-colored plate with a dark black bead inlaid in the center.

"This is... the beast card!"

Lu Chang'an has the memory of two lifetimes, so he can identify it a little bit and see the origin.

"Could it be that..."

Lu Chang'an made some guesses, and poured mana into the beast-monitoring card, and suddenly sensed a wave of consciousness coming from a certain direction underground.

I see!

With a smile on his face, Lu Changan came to a field in a corner of the medicine garden.

puff!

The soil broke open, and a huge brown and yellow rat demon emerged.

It's the rock rat.

Previously, this rock rat had attacked Lu Chang'an by surprise.

With conventional means alone, Lu Changan couldn't deal with this guy in a short time, so he could only restrain him with [Bound Rattan Art].

"Squeak! Squeak..."

The ground rock mouse's eyes flashed red, and it looked at Lu Chang'an in fear. To be precise, it was the beast card in his hand.

This beast card can decide the life and death of the rock rat.

Mastering this beast card can also carry out simple spiritual communication and issue instructions.

"The ground rock mouse has a middle-grade bloodline and a matching beast card. I am afraid that the Zheng family bought it at a high price from the "Beast King Zhou family"."

Lu Changan turned his mind and speculated.

The monsters and beasts in this world, unlike human monks, do not have spiritual roots.

They are inherited through the bloodline and practiced.

The higher the bloodline level, the greater the potential.

Its bloodline level corresponds to the division of spiritual roots of monks, from low to high are:

Miscellaneous bloodlines, low-grade bloodlines, middle-grade bloodlines, high-grade bloodlines, ground-grade bloodlines, and heavenly-grade bloodlines.

And the legendary true spirit blood.

True spirits are mythical beasts in legends, such as real dragons, phoenixes, and kunpeng.

In the ancient books of cultivating immortals, there are terrifying legends about the destruction of a world by a true spirit.

Lu Changan had never even heard of the true spirit, let alone witnessed it in his previous two lifetimes.

"The ground rock mouse, which is upstream in the middle-grade blood, can be properly cultivated."

Lu Changan valued the practicability of rock rats. He was good at digging and digging holes, knew earth magic, and had rough skin and thick flesh.

During the gas refining stage, the rock rats lie in ambush underground to prevent accidental guarding.

"You continue to stay in the nearby underground, and you are not allowed to come up without my permission."

Lu Changan fed the rock rat a few first-order pills, and sent it underground.

This ground rock rat is a monster beast in the middle stage of the first order, which is equivalent to the sixth level of Qi Refining.

If you are willing to invest resources, you have a greater hope of being promoted to the late stage of the first level, which is equivalent to a monk in the late stage of Qi refining.

At that time, the strength of this little guy will be enough to rival the ordinary elders of the Mu family.


Late of night.

A certain hillside thousands of miles away from the Mu Family Medicine Garden.

"This is the last agreed place, why is there no sign of Danshi Ge?"

"Could it be that he encountered an accident and was intercepted and killed by the hidden masters of the Mu family?"

A slightly disturbed middle-aged man wearing a mountain crown landed on the hillside and muttered to himself.

After searching for a long time and calling out, Ge Yi was nowhere to be seen.

Zheng Yuanhua's complexion was cloudy and uncertain, and he was very unwilling.

If Ge Danshi dies, it will certainly be a big loss.

However, the Flying Boat and the Royal Beast Card purchased by the Zheng family at a high price are all on the opponent's body.

The loss of these two items is not a small loss to the Zheng family.

"Ahem..."

A small coughing sound came from the cave in the distance.

If it wasn't for the dead of night, Zheng Yuanhua might have missed it.

"Who is it! Is it Danshi Ge?"

Zheng Yuanhua's expression brightened, and he flew towards the direction of the coughing sound.

Perhaps it was the severely injured Ge Danshi?

The cough became more pronounced.

Soon, a black lacquered cave appeared at Zheng Yuanhua's feet.

In front of the cave, sat a coughing man with disheveled hair, and there was a pool of blood under his feet.

"Who are you?"

With just one glance, Zheng Yuanhua judged that the other party was not Alchemist Ge, so he couldn't help feeling vigilant.

Under the moonlight, half of the man's pale face was faintly visible, with a straight nose, chapped lips, and dark and silent eyes.

Hearing Zheng Yuanhua's voice, the exuberant man looked straight at him.

"Cough, do you have any medicine?"

"What medicine! Who are you, what happened to Danshi Ge?"

Zheng Yuanhua felt like he was facing a formidable enemy, because it was strange to exude the mana aura from the man.

Sometimes strong and sometimes weak.

When it is weak, it can only reach the fourth or fifth level of qi refining, and when it is strong, it can reach the eighth or ninth level of qi refining, which is even more terrifying.

He smelled a dangerous breath.

Sacrifice an iron wooden flag, blowing a layer of dark purple wind and waves, which can not only attack the enemy, but also protect the body.

The exuberant man was indifferent, still coughing.

But a pair of dead eyes stared straight at Zheng Yuanhua.

"Pretending to be a ghost!"

Zheng Yuanhua was furious at the sight, cursed, controlled the magic weapon, turned around and flew away.

Just after flying a few dozen feet, a dark wind came from behind.

"roll!"

Zheng Yuanhua was terrified, and out of the corner of his eye, he saw a ghostly man appearing behind him.

Call!

He didn't even want to wave the iron wooden flag, but the purple wind wave of iron and stone was smashed and engulfed several feet behind him.

Scattered men are engulfed.

However, the original place is just an afterimage.

"Well……"

A slender man's arm was locked around Zheng Yuanhua's neck.

A sense of suffocation struck, Zheng Yuanhua struggled vigorously, and soon his brain went black and he lost consciousness.

"medicine……"

The distributing man took off Zheng Yuanhua's storage bag, and a few strands of light red arcs popped out from his fingertips, breaking the restriction.

Take out bottles of pills and precious spirit herbs from it.

After sniffing with his nose, he poured several bottles of pills into his mouth, like eating jelly beans.

Several kinds of nourishing ginseng herbs were roughly chewed by him, and swallowed into his stomach one by one.

A moment later, the mana in the man's body surged, and a trace of blood appeared on his pale face.

The mana fluctuated on the man's body, suddenly climbed to the foundation building stage, and then fell again.

"not enough……"

The man coughed, and looked at Zheng Yuanhua who had passed out with cold eyes.

The slender five fingers, flowing red light, pressed on Zheng Yuanhua's celestial spirit cover.

"what……"

Zheng Yuanhua's body flew into the air, his limbs struggled, and he howled in pain.

"Mu Family... Zheng Family... Medicine Garden... Treasure House..."

The distributed man closed his eyes, and obtained some memory information during the brute force soul search.

After a long time.

With a "click", Zheng Yuanhua's head split into pieces, and the screams stopped abruptly in the silent mountain.


		