

Liang Guo, Jinyun Valley.

The third pass of the Immortal Sect assessment, the Magic Heart Terrace.

On the round platform made of white jade, one or two hundred teenagers were shrouded in lavender light, falling into illusion, with expressions of rage, fear, or grief...

"hiss!"

Lu Changan snorted and woke up suddenly.

He frowned, and beads of sweat overflowed his forehead. The depths of the brain seemed to break a certain seal, and it was under the impact of a torrent of information!

"That's right! The third one to wake up from the 'Huanxin Terrace' has excellent willpower."

Not far away, several sect masters commented privately.

The Illusory Heart Terrace is the last level of Jinyun Valley's entrance examination, which focuses on state of mind and will.

"Lu Chang'an, a middle-grade spirit root, the third place in the Illusory Heart Platform, can be regarded as a small fairy seedling..."

"Huh? Qi refining level, nearly eighteen years old?"

"pity……"

There was a little mournful sound from around.


"Liang Guoxiu Immortal Realm...Jinyun Valley entry test..."

"Lu Changan, nearly eighteen years old?"

"Breaking the mystery of the womb this time is much later than the previous life, and missed the best age to start cultivating immortals."

On the illusion stage, Lu Changan's face fluttered, his eyes were deep.

Judging from the memory of this life, it is in a different area of ​​cultivating immortals from the first and second lives.

"Awakening in this life, and being fed back by the [Nine Seal Monument], the initial soul strength is actually stronger than the second life?"

Lu Changan's brows relaxed, his expression returned to normal.

By the way, 【Nine Seal Monument】!

His eyes were slightly closed, and he seemed to be recuperating.

In the depths of my mind, a simple and dark stone tablet emerged, with vague and abstract textures outlined on the surface.

[Nine Seal Monument] is the mysterious ancient monument that he accidentally touched on the earth for the first time, thus starting the mysterious journey of cultivating immortality and reincarnation.

Lu Changan didn't know the origin of the stele, so he named it himself according to its appearance.

Front of the monument.

From top to bottom, there are nine rectangular frame imprints.

In the first frame, a tall and handsome man holding a talisman pen is engraved.

In the second frame, there is a white-bearded old man in a black robe with light feet on his feet.

The first two frame prints are dead silent and dim, and the characters are comparable to longevity.

The third frame is a phantom of a young man whose white light turns slightly.

It is looming, but it has not yet been truly carved and shaped on the stone tablet.

The phantom of this young man perfectly matched the current Lu Changan.

The remaining six frame-shaped imprints below are all blank.

"Counting from the first life when the earth crossed the world of cultivating immortals, it is now the third life."

Lu Changan withdrew from the [Nine Seal Monument], and simply sorted out the experiences of the previous two lives.

In the first life, he came to the world of cultivating immortals for the first time, with mediocre aptitude, a casual cultivator, struggling to reach the ninth level of Qi Refining.

The only thing that can be taken out is the talisman.

In the end, in order to compete for the opportunity to build a foundation, his skills were not as good as others, and he died in a battle of wits.

In the second life, he was born in a family of immortal cultivators, with high-grade spiritual roots, and with the cultivation experience and talisman bonuses of the first life.

But in the end, the impact on the Nascent Soul stage failed, and he died.

"In the past two lifetimes, I only managed to find out the superficial ability of [Nine Seals Monument]. It is speculated that at least I have to advance to the Nascent Soul Stage and my soul will undergo a qualitative change before I can dig out the true secret of [Nine Seals Monument]."

Thinking of this, Lu Changan has made clear the purpose of this life.

"National Infant Stage!"

If he can't reach this place, [Nine Seal Monument] may take him to continue the reincarnation of the next life... up to nine reincarnations.

Of course, this is optimistic speculation.

Maybe only "Three Lives Three Worlds".

If he fails in this life, what awaits him will be complete demise!


"Ah, no……"

As time passed, the teenagers on the Huanxin stage woke up one after another, and the scene was noisy, interrupting Lu Changan's thoughts.

"Lu Changan, when did you wake up?"

Several teenagers nearby looked at Lu Changan who had woken up earlier, and looked a little surprised.

"Good luck, a little earlier than you."

Lu Changan took some time off to look at the two men and one woman in front of him.

They are all fairy seedlings brought over from Hengshui Mansion, and they met on the way.

Zhao Siyao, a middle-grade spiritual root, comes from a scholarly family.

She was only fourteen or fifteen years old, and she was already born slim, with sharp eyes and cinnabar lips, like the embryo of a beauty.

Lin Yi, low-grade spiritual root, the bastard son of the Marquis of Guang'an.

The sixteen or seventeen-year-old boy, dressed in brocade clothes, with sword eyebrows and handsome eyes, has the highest cultivation among several people, reaching the third level of Qi refining.

At this time, Yi Lin's expression was gloomy and unhappy.

Li Ergou, a low-grade spiritual root, was born in a farming family.

Dressed in sackcloth, with a thin body and dark skin, he looked a little flustered and timid, not daring to approach Lin Yi and Zhao Siyao.

"Brother Lu, the third level is really difficult. If it wasn't for the sudden morning crow of my old hen, I would have almost fallen into a life of luxury..."

With lingering fear in his heart, Li Ergou patted his chest, and approached Lu Changan naturally.

Due to differences in birth levels, several fairy seedlings from the same region have different closeness to each other.

The aura of royal power and arrogance in Lin Yi made Li Ergou instinctively afraid.

As a well-known lady, Zhao Siyao is well-versed in books and courtesies, and she is courteous to everyone, and never underestimates Li Ergou and Lu Changan who are from poor backgrounds.

Li Ergou did not dare to look directly at the beautiful and agile Zhao Siyao.

Occasionally, the beauty's gaze would settle, which would make him blush and be at a loss. Fortunately, his face was dark and covered up.

Li Ergou is the only one who is close to Lu Changan.

Lu Changan is an orphan.

At the same time, he has another identity, he is a person from the rivers and lakes, a master of gangs.

To be precise, he is the adopted son of the leader of the "Nujiang Gang" in Hengshui Prefecture.

Lu Changan had excellent martial arts aptitude since he was a child, and he was already a second-rate master at a young age.

According to the original plan, in a few years he will take over as the head of the foster father.

Until the year before last, when I made friends with a down-and-out Taoist priest, I learned that I actually had a spiritual root for cultivating immortals, and a middle-grade spiritual root with good qualifications.

The trajectory of life has turned.

In the "Illusory Heart Terrace" of the third stage of the Jinyun Valley assessment, he recovered his previous life memories.


"Ergou. You have spiritual roots. Once you step on the road of immortality, whether you were a king, a general, or a farmer and a car dealer... the past is just a cloud."

Lu Changan looked at the humble and cowardly Li Ergou, and patted him on the shoulder.

After two lifetimes of cultivation and reincarnation, Lu Changan's original heart remained the same, and he did not become an old monster with a mind of hundreds of years.

This is the magic of [Nine Seals Monument].

He seemed to wake up from an immersive movie, and his consciousness was stripped back, but he had two more memories of cultivating immortals.

With more life experience, knowledge is greatly expanded.

His original heart is just like when he first traveled through the world of cultivating immortals.

"Yeah, I know, thank you Brother Lu..."

Li Ergou touched the back of his head, feeling a little warmth.

"Lu Chang'an, where is your third level in the 'Illusory Heart Platform'?"

At this time, Edward Lam looked restless and couldn't help asking.

Lu Changan glanced at Lin Yi, the concubine's son, thoughtfully.

If I remember correctly, in the third level "Phantom Terrace", Lam Yi was the last one to wake up among the others.

In terms of cultivation, Lin Yi is the highest among several people, reaching the third level of Qi Refining.

However, in the third level of the state of mind and will, Lam Yik's performance was the worst!

Li Ergou, who was born as a farmer, was slightly stronger than him.

"It seems to be the third place." Lu Changan thought for a while.

"Third place?"

Lin Yi's pupils shrunk slightly, and his complexion was not good-looking, as if he couldn't accept this gap.

In the first two rounds, his comprehensive performance steadily surpassed that of Lu Changan.

"I didn't expect Big Brother Lu to be so determined, he is worthy of being a martial arts master! Congratulations..."

Zhao Siyao was also surprised, raised her eyebrows like Dai's, and rolled her eyes slightly.

On the way to Zongmen, Lu Changan, as a person in the world, has rich experience and easy-going personality, and he chatted with Zhao Siyao very well.

In addition to being the oldest, the latter called him Big Brother Lu.

The relationship between the two is not as good even if Lin Yi, who was born in a princely family, befriends Zhao Siyao.

Lin Yi's mood became worse and worse, he managed to regain his composure, and said nonchalantly:

"It's a pity, if Brother Lu can win the first place in the 'Illusory Heart Stage', he can ignore the results of the first two tests, pass the assessment directly, and become an outer disciple of the 'Golden Cloud Valley'."

"The first place in the Huanxintai, directly enter the sect?"

Lu Changan was stunned for a moment, not knowing the inside story.

He felt a little regretful in his heart, if he had solved the mystery of the womb a few days earlier and obtained the soul enhancement of the [Nine Seal Monument], the entrance examination would be a sure thing.

Even with the memory of cultivating immortals for two lifetimes, Lu Changan didn't want to be a casual cultivator.

He has a deep understanding of the hardships in the casual cultivator career in the first life.

In the immortal way of longevity, "wealth, spouse, law, and land" are indispensable.

Among them, the last "land" refers to the dojo of practice.

In the world of cultivating immortals, almost all spiritual veins and caves of blessings are occupied by sects, aristocratic families, and powerful monsters.

The mundane area is called the "Land of the Spiritual Poor", and the spiritual energy is extremely thin and barren.

Not suitable for practice at all!

Without the spiritual pulse dojo, the efficiency can be more than ten times different!

The number one "wealth" refers to the resources for cultivating immortals, such as spirit stones, medicine pills, magic weapons, etc.

There is neither a cultivation dojo nor resources for cultivating immortals.

At the stage of first entering the immortal way, even if it is a big brother to rebuild, it will not be so smooth.

Therefore, Lu Changan will not miss the opportunity to enter the sect.

"Whoever reads the name, stand up!"

Not long after, a deacon of Jinyun Valley floated in the air and began to announce the list of those who passed the assessment.


		