

"Forget it, what does it have to do with me."

Lu Chang'an didn't want to meddle in other people's business, anyway, the medicinal materials for Tanmo were not his own.

The old guy's sick face is not a sign of longevity. He can dance on his grave after 20 or 30 years at most.

Lu Changan avoids his sharp edge and avoids dealing with them.

However, some things are not avoided, you can stay out of them.


morning after a few days.

"Who did this!"

Lu Changan was meditating, when he was awakened by a sudden shock.

"Everyone gather!"

Alchemist Ge Yi's furious voice echoed in the residential area of ​​Medicine Garden.

No one in the medicine garden dared to challenge Ge Yi's majesty.

There are ten or twenty people here and there, including guards, Ling Zhifu, and mortal servants.

Ge Yi stood in front of a medicinal field, pointing to a mess of medicinal herbs under his feet.

In his hand he held a mutilated herb in the shape of a mushroom.

Looking at the shape above, it seems to have been bitten by some kind of animal.

"The old man wanted to come here this morning to get some auxiliary medicine, and he saw this situation."

Ge Yi's eyes under the swollen eyeballs carried a cold oppressive feeling.

Scanning the crowd, he finally landed on Lu Changan's face.

"Lu Changan, what were you doing last night, explain the situation here?"

"I was meditating last night. I don't know what happened here, and it needs to be investigated."

Lu Changan said truthfully.

The medicine field is not small, and it is impossible for him to guard it day and night.

However, he was not on duty last night, and it happened that there was a loss in the medicine field. As a garrison in the medicine garden, there is an unshirkable responsibility.

"Hmph! Negligence of duty!"

Ge Yi radiated the spiritual pressure of the seventh level of Qi training, and the members of the Mu family present did not dare to show any air.

"That's good! Hurry up and find out the results! This old man is waiting for the medicinal ingredients for alchemy. If something goes wrong, I will take you to Yuexin Island to meet the ancestor of the Mu family!"

Ge Yi was like an exploding powder keg, his voice almost roaring.

"Meet the ancestor?"

The Mu Family cultivators present were dumbfounded.

"Could it be that senior did it for..."

"That's right!" Ge Yi said proudly, "Among the pills that the old man is refining, there are two that the ancestor needs."

Lu Changan ignored his threat, squatted down, and checked the medicine field under his feet.

His brows gradually wrinkled.

Judging from the symptoms of the damaged herb, it seems that it was destroyed and gnawed by some kind of monster or spirit beast.

In the medicine garden, it is forbidden to raise spirit beasts.

If it was a monster, how could it break into the medicine garden with formations without disturbing anyone?

"Senior Ge, the preliminary judgment is that some kind of rodent monster or artificially controlled spirit beast sneaked into the medicine garden."

Lu Changan expressed his speculation.

"Lu Chang'an, don't use the word "Monster Beast Sneaked In" as a perfunctory excuse. In this matter, because of your negligence of duty, you cannot escape responsibility."

Ge Yi snorted coldly, dissatisfied with Lu Changan's answer.

Lu Changan was silent, as a garrison, it was really difficult to shirk responsibility.

Looking for the monks of the Mu family to take the blame?

That would only isolate him more. As a clan member with a foreign surname, his prestige is not enough.

"Not good! Alchemist Ge, Lu Zhushou, a 400-year-old blood ganoderma is missing!"

There was an exclamation.

The person who spoke was Ling Zhifu who was inspecting the medicine field.

"Four hundred years of blood ganoderma!"

The field exploded, which was a great loss.

The 400-year-old blood ganoderma is a rare spiritual herb, and there are not many in the entire Mu family.

Lu Changan's complexion changed slightly.

When it came to medicinal materials of this level, things got a little bigger.

He looked at Ge Yi puzzled.

If it was framed, this method is too simple and rude.

Of course, simple means do not mean useless.

"It seems that this incident is definitely not a simple infiltration of spirit beasts, nor can it be explained by a sentence of 'ineffective guarding'."

Ge Yisen's cold gaze swept over everyone present.

"There must be someone guarding and stealing in the medicine garden!"

A stone stirred up a thousand waves, and everyone in the Mu family was shocked.

The eyes of several clansmen subconsciously glanced at Lu Changan.

After all, Lu Changan is a member of a foreign clan, and before he came, the medicine garden had been in peace.

"From now on, everyone is not allowed to leave the medicine garden, and let the high-level family members send people to investigate."

Ge Yi gave the order.

The Mu family has no objection to this.

Even without Ge Yi's order, several members of the Mu family were watching Lu Changan nearby to prevent him from escaping.

Lu Changan didn't run away.

At this time, whoever runs away will be suspected and become the target of public criticism.

In the end, everyone recommended the old Ling Zhifu, who was at the fifth level of Qi refining, to go back to the family to report the news.

This old Lingzhi husband is the elder of the Mu family. His lifespan is approaching the end of his life. He has worked hard all his life, and everyone trusts him.

In order to clear up doubts, before leaving, Lao Ling Zhifu publicly asked everyone to search.

"This matter is very strange..."

Lu Changan fell into deep thought.

Could it be that Ge Yi planted himself because he was a foreigner and had no backing?

Count the medicinal materials of greedy ink on yourself?

Lu Changan checked, and there was no stolen property on him. I went to the wooden house again, and there was no stolen goods.

If you planted a crime, you must have evidence, right?

If someone from the family came to investigate and found no stolen goods or clues on Lu Changan...then there would be doubts about it!

The senior members of the Mu family are not fools, so they will inevitably doubt Ge Yi.

Of course, it is not ruled out that it is a third party who planted the blame, the purpose is to confuse the situation and cause internal strife in the Mu family.


noon.

The old Ling Zhifu is back.

Along with them, there are also investigators sent by the top management of the Mu family.

It was a man and a woman.

One of the gentle and graceful figures is none other than the young miss of the Mu family—Mu Xiuyun.

Another skinny man in a cloak followed a black dog at his feet.

This person's cultivation is only at the third level of Qi training, and he should be a talent in the clan who is good at solving cases and reasoning.

"Danshi Ge, my father is away for something, I will bring someone over to investigate today, and I will give everyone a fair result."

Mu Xiuyun gave a salute, her voice was soft and gentle.

"It's okay! It's understandable during special times."

Ge Yi stroked his beard and smiled with a gentle tone.

In fact, at this moment, the Mu family's high-end combat power is being involved in the mining area.

Many affairs in the clan are handled by Mu Xiuyun.

Mu Xiuyun's starry eyes turned to Lu Changan, a little worried, and she was about to say something.

"Wang! Wang..."

The black dog behind the skinny man barked restlessly, trying to run out of the medicine garden.

"Huh? Something's wrong!"

Lu Changan's nose twitched, but he could only smell the normal smell of herbs.

"What's going on! I'm so dizzy..."

At this time, the bodies of several members of the Mu family who were relatively low in cultivation were staggering, and brown spots appeared on their faces.

"Miss, it's not good! It's poisonous——"

The skinny man's body trembled.

His black dog spirit pet, after running a certain distance, suddenly vomited blood and fell to the ground.

"Who put the poison!"

Mu Xiuyun's delicate body swayed slightly, and she gave a loud chirp, scanning the audience.

Only to find that the clansmen were shaking and fell to the ground.

Only alchemist Ge Yi was safe and sound, showing a sinister smile.

"Miss actually has an anti-virus treasure on her body?"

Holding the voucher in his hand, Ge Yisheng glanced at a small sachet on Mu Xiuyun's waist, which had already turned black and was emitting black smoke.

thump! thump!

Except for Mu Xiuyun, all members of the Mu family present fell to the ground after being poisoned.

Those with low cultivation levels vomited blood and died on the spot.

Those with good physique and slightly higher cultivation level collapsed or fell into a coma.

"What kind of poison did this old guy put? There is no trace of smell at all."

Lu Changan and the black dog discovered the abnormality at the same time.

He was just about to use the secret technique to detoxify and take the detoxification pill.

It turned out that as soon as the weird toxin entered the body, it quickly melted and was swallowed up by Changqing's mana.

"Ancient Wood Evergreen Technique" actually has anti-drug effects?

No, it should be poison.

It was a pleasant surprise.

In order to avoid becoming Ge Yi's primary target, Lu Changjian collapsed due to poisoning.

"Traitor! It turned out to be you—"

Mu Xiuyun's face was cold, her silver teeth clenched.

call out!

She used her mana forcefully, and a silver ray of light flashed from her sleeve, piercing towards Ge Yi like lightning.

A silver ruler can be vaguely seen in the silver light.

This is a medium-grade magic weapon.

"Hehe, Miss Mu, your sachet can't completely prevent the 'Erosion Essence Powder'. It's only the sixth level of Qi Refining, even at the peak state, it is by no means a match for this old man."

Ge Yi downplayed it lightly, waving his sleeves lightly.

An air mask outlined in green patterns protected Ge Yi.

This is a mana shield that can only be used by monks in the late stage of Qi training.

There was a sound of "Peng".

The silver radiance exploded, the ruler of the middle-grade magic weapon was dim, and the follow-up was powerless.

It's hard to imagine that even one blow from Mu Xiuyun's magic weapon could not break Ge Yi's mana shield.

"Ge Danshi, what exactly do you want to do? Why did you betray the Mu family?"

Mu Xiuyun snorted, and a light brown color appeared on her snowy face.

She secretly groaned, the erosion of the toxin caused her not to be able to exert 100% of her mana.

"Hey! Originally, I just wanted to kill all the people in the medicine garden and loot a batch of precious medicinal materials. But Mu Maode recently went to the 'Maple Leaf Huang's' to negotiate a marriage, and let your daughter become an important bargaining chip."

Ge Yi said calmly, waiting for the toxin in Mu Xiuyun's body to erupt further.

"Tsk tsk, such a stunning beauty, the old man really can't bear to destroy her. If the eldest lady is captured without a fight, she can still be saved if I let the old man take her away."

Looking at the elegant and beautiful Mu Xiuyun, the corners of Ge Yi's mouth curled up in a playful way.

Swish! call!

The withered palm unfolded, and a mass of black lines emerged, which swelled violently and turned into a dense black net, which expanded to several feet, and a gray whirlwind rolled up and rushed towards Mu Xiuyun.


		