

Shopkeeper Xu's words were sensible and sincere.

Lu Changan did not find any obvious flaws.

"In the hidden treasure house, there shouldn't be a Foundation Establishment Pill, right?"

Lu Changan was joking.

"Uh...Building Foundation Pill, that probably doesn't exist."

Shopkeeper Xu froze for a moment, his face twitching slightly.

If the Zheng family had the Foundation Establishment Pill, they would have used it a long time ago, and they still have to wait for the Mu family to kill them.

Even if you make up a story, you have to tell basic logic.

"Thank you for the kindness of shopkeeper Xu. Lu is worried that there are some traps or hidden restrictions in the treasure house. It is more practical to draw amulets in Fangshi."

Lu Changan politely refused.

True or not, he has no interest in going out treasure hunting.

As a talisman master, his income is stable, and he has no shortage of spirit stones and resources to collect the Mu family's wool.

Quite an iron rice bowl plus gray income, what could be more stable than this?

At this stage, the only thing that attracts him is Zhu Jidan.

If shopkeeper Xu dared to say that the hidden treasure house contained Jidan, he would directly block it.

"Since Brother Lu doesn't want to take risks, Xu can only find someone else. Please keep this matter a secret."

Shopkeeper Xu felt a little regretful and didn't force it.

"sure."

Lu Changan assured that, in fact, the other party did not mention the specific location.


After a while, shopkeeper Xu from the Nishang Pavilion next door disappeared.

It seems that I have really gone to treasure hunting.

The next time it appears, it will be ten days later.

Shopkeeper Xu came back in a hurry, his face was full of red light, and there were two extra storage bags on his waist.

"Brother Lu, come with me to the 'Chun Ye Lou' tonight, and Xu will pay for any female cultivator's beauties!"

The shopkeeper Xu put on a Confucian robe, and he was in high spirits, and invited Lu Changan on his own initiative.

Chunye Building is a hangout place in Fangshi.

The difference from ordinary people is that the servers are all female cultivators, each of them has a good face and a good temperament.

Goulan in the world of cultivating immortals is not just a superficial love affair.

Through the confluence of yin and yang, it is beneficial to the practice of the guests, and so is the nun who serves.

There are meat and vegetables in such places.

The meat is like a spring night building, with real guns and hard work.

Such as the "Baixiang Xianlou" in Wufengfang City, the fairy maiden in the building cultivates the rhythm, which can cleanse the soul and help break through the heart barriers and bottlenecks.

The former is expensive and the latter is even more expensive.

Ordinary monks can't afford it at all.

"Shopkeeper Xu is kind, Lu Mou cultivates his fertility and doesn't like to go to that kind of place."

Lu Changan apologized and refused.

"Are you still a man!"

Shopkeeper Xu looked unhappy and made aggressive words, but Lu Changan still refused.

It's not that Lu Changan is not interested in women.

He is a normal man, of course he has physical needs.

It's just that he is a bit of a clean freak and doesn't want to go to that kind of place.

"When I return to the formation of the alchemy and achieve the great power of the Nascent Soul, aren't those stunning fairies within easy reach?"

Lu Changan saw it very clearly.


After a few days.

Shopkeeper Xu, with a tired face and sloppy footsteps, came back from Chunye Building.

"Oh, I'm getting old, I can't go to such occasions often in the future."

Shopkeeper Xu sighed.

"Brother Lu is right, it is better to cultivate one's health and character."

Next, shopkeeper Xu resumed his normal life rhythm.

Three days later.

Invite Lu Changan to a wine shop for a drink.

This time, Lu Changan did not refuse.

This restaurant is called "Green Bamboo Restaurant".

The shopkeeper is a beautiful woman with a rosy face. She has a plump figure with bulging curves. She twists her waist like a water snake when she walks, which is really alluring.

Everyone called her Mrs. Zheng.

The female shopkeeper is a widow, and her husband used to be the brewer of the Zheng family.

Her husband died in the big counterattack of the Mu family.

After returning to the Huang family, Mrs. Zheng did not follow Zheng Centipede's lineage to migrate, but stayed in Zhuyeshan to do wine making business.

"Hey, shopkeeper Xu and Lu Fushi are here again, are they still the third?"

The female shopkeeper saw the two, her eyes lit up, and she came forward to receive them in person.

"Madam Zheng, replace me with fifty-year-old Green Bamboo Spirit Wine."

Shopkeeper Xu is rich and powerful.

"Okay." The female shopkeeper stretched her waist and ordered.

"Mrs. Zheng, what kind of wind is blowing today, let you receive it in person?"

Shopkeeper Xu said in surprise.

"It's like this. In order to give back to old customers, my Qingzhu Restaurant is going to hold a 'Flower Appreciation and Wine Tasting Party' in Peach Blossom Valley, 30 miles away from Fangshi, in three days. At that time, every monk present will enjoy a jar of ten wines for free. Vintage Green Bamboo Wine. In addition, there is also a marriage match..."

The female shopkeeper raised her winking eyes and said with a smile.

After all, she put down the two invitation letters and went to entertain other guests.

"Brother Lu, what do you think of this Peach Blossom Valley Wine Tasting Party? There is free spiritual wine to drink, it is close to the market, and there are so many people."

Shopkeeper Xu picked up the invitation letter with great interest.

Looking at the invitation letter, Lu Changan was almost moved.

But soon, he smelled something wrong.

Last time, shopkeeper Xu invited him to go out to explore treasures. He didn't want to take the risk, so he declined.

This time, at the flower appreciation and wine tasting party, shopkeeper Xu emphasized that "it is close to the city and crowded with people", which subconsciously gives people a sense of security.

"Oh, I'm a bit lazy. I live contentedly in the city, so I'm too lazy to go out."

Lu Changan hiccupped and said casually.

Too lazy to go out?

Shopkeeper Xu's eyebrows trembled.

Don't go out for dangerous treasure hunting, and don't go for lively and safe wine tasting?

This Lu Changan just didn't want to leave the market.


"So you want me to go out?"

Back at the shop, Lu Changan felt alert.

Fangshi is quite a complete life circle.

The elixirs needed for cultivation, the materials for drawing talismans, the spiritual sand stones for body training formulas, and all kinds of leisure and entertainment...all can be satisfied.

That being the case, there is no need for Lu Changan to go out.

Especially when asked out by others.

In the previous two lives, he had seen a vicious method: a friend who had known him for many years tricked the monks out of the city, and then killed them to seize the treasure.

"If you really have something to go out of the market, you can put on a disguise and slip out quietly, it will be safer."

Lu Changan thought to himself.

Because of doubts about shopkeeper Xu, Lu Changan gradually alienated him.

He mentioned this matter to Mu Xiuyun.

If someone targets him, it is likely to be a potential enemy of the Mu family.

"You don't have to worry, every time I go out the route is different, I have a flying boat in my hand, and the ninth level of ordinary Qi training can't do anything to me."

Mu Xiuyun smiled sweetly, quite confidently.

Too.

She has cultivated to the eighth level of Qi Refining, and has a lot of upper-middle-grade talismans on hand. Coupled with the speed of the flying boat, even if he met Zheng Yuanhua back then, he would be worthy.


time flies.

the following year.

Lu Changan and Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop lived in peace, and the business gradually prospered.

He almost thought that what happened before was his own paranoia.

As the popularity of Zhuye Mountain increased greatly, it was inevitable that murders and treasures outside Fangshi would occur from time to time.

the last month.

There was even a merchant who delivered goods was attacked by robbery repairs. Fortunately, the merchant's life-saving methods were good, and there was no danger.

"In the world of cultivating immortals, as long as there are interests, there will be disputes."

Lu Changan was not surprised by this.

The past two years in Laifang City.

Lu Changan has accumulated a lot of high-quality talismans of the first rank.

The strongest lethality is the Golden Sword Talisman.

The best of the Golden Knife Talisman, its power is comparable to that of a top-grade spiritual weapon!

Even beyond the scope of the refining period.

In addition, Lu Changan has another powerful hole card.

A set of talisman formations was constructed using sixteen first-grade high-quality talismans.

This set of rune arrays can quickly arrange a set of consumable temporary arrays, which can compete with the foundation building period in a short time.


On this day, Lu Changan came to the courtyard downstairs and instructed Mu Ershun to draw talismans.

Mu Ershun's spiritual root aptitude is poor, but his talisman talent is not bad, and he will be able to try to draw a first-order talisman in a year.

Of course, this is supported by Lu Changan. For other novices, they should be apprentices for seven or eight years.

Um?

Lu Changan's complexion changed suddenly, and he took out a sense symbol from the storage bag, which was flashing red at this time.

"not good--"

This kind of sensory symbol is divided into Yin and Yang, which were refined by Mu Xiuyun.

Although specific information cannot be conveyed, as long as one party is excited, it is to inform the other party that they are in trouble or facing danger.

"Miss is going out, is she in danger?"

Lu Changan held the Sensation Talisman in his hand, with a solemn expression.

The sensory talisman can only send a warning to the other party.

The original intention of Mu Xiuyun's refining was to worry that Lu Chang'an would encounter difficult troubles when she was not in the shop.

After all, Lu Changan's cultivation base is relatively low.

With the talisman, she can come back as soon as possible.

Lu Changan's thoughts turned, he hurried up to the second floor, and dressed up in disguise.

With the breath adjustment of Changqing Gong, he turned into a young man with a very different style.

Follow the flow of people and leave the shop.

Scanning through the mind, no stalker was found.

Just arrived at Fangshi exit.

There was a whistling piercing sound in the distance, and a flying boat came into view.

"Miss's flying boat." Lu Changan recognized it.

I saw a blood-stained and beautiful figure on the flying boat, which was crumbling.

Whoosh!

Mu Xiuyun's magic power was interrupted, and her body fell towards Fangshi together with the flying boat like a kite with a broken string.

With sharp eyes and quick hands, Lu Changan pasted a lightweight amulet and jumped into the sky.

He hugged Mu Xiuyun.

With the other hand, he grabbed the edge of the flying boat, injected mana, and let the boat settle down smoothly.

Lu Changan immediately checked Mu Xiuyun's injuries.

Seeing this, his heart turned cold.

Mu Xiuyun's face was as pale as paper, and a bone arrow emitting black smoke pierced through her chest.

"Chang'an, I..."

Mu Xiuyun persisted until she took one last look at Lu Changan, forced a smile from the corners of her blood-oozing lips, and then her eyes dimmed and closed feebly.

Lu Changan held her wrist, his expression changed drastically.

Breathing stops.

There was only an extremely weak heartbeat, which was about to stop at any time.


		