

Cold Wind is area damage.

The white square handkerchief controlled by the beauty in the purple dress could only block one side, and it was suddenly enveloped by the cold wind, making it difficult to move.

She struggled to reach out and reached for the storage bag at her waist.

At this time, Lu Changan, who looked like a rotten log, floated up from the bushes ten meters away.

Bang bang bang!

Three dark red fire bombs were fired instantly, hitting the beauty in the purple dress so hard that she couldn't resist, her dress exploded, and ice shards flew.

"My lord, I will spare my life! My concubine is willing to..."

The beauty in the purple dress collapsed to the ground, her teeth chattering, and under the impact of the double spell of ice and fire, her glamorous face was already festered.

Even if this woman seems to have no resistance.

Lu Changan kept his distance.

Picking up a stone, using the "Sky Snap Finger" martial art, a long-range blow.

There was a sound of "Peng".

The head of the beauty in the purple dress blossoms like a watermelon.

"So weak, dare to come out to rob?"

Lu Changan came to the body of the beauty in the purple dress, picked up the magic weapon handkerchief, and took off the other party's storage bag.

Without looking at the loot in the storage bag, he quickly evacuated the scene.

After a cup of tea.

Several people including the tall and thin man surnamed Xu rushed to the scene.

Looking at Fairy Zimei's body, several cultivators shuddered and showed signs of fear.


An hour later, in the wild jungle.

Lu Changan confirmed that there were no pursuers, and began to count Fairy Zimei's storage bags.

Eliminate traces first.

Burn some of the women's clothing inside.

Possessing a storage bag and a low-grade magic weapon, Fairy Zimei is worth a lot in casual cultivation.

There are more than forty spirit stones in the storage bag, two bottles of nourishing qi pills, one bottle of returning qi pills, one bottle of detoxification pills, and several books on cultivating immortals.

There are six first-grade talismans, two of which are medium-grade talismans, which were sold by Lu Changan.

The total value is nearly two hundred spirit stones.

"This woman is really fat! I'm afraid she is not an ordinary casual cultivator."

Lu Changan secretly sighed.

As the saying goes, horses don’t get fat without night grass, and people don’t get rich without windfalls.

Just one time to kill and seize treasure, the wealth earned is several times that of his talisman.

"I often walk by the river, how can I not get my shoes wet. I have to practice the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu" in this life, and I must manage it steadily, and I must not take the road of catastrophe."

Lu Changan abandoned the greed in his heart.

Killing people to seize treasures is risky after all.

Who can guarantee that the seemingly weak target can be caught every time he strikes.

For example, Fairy Zimei, how could she expect today's ending?

Lu Changan heard a rumor in his previous life:

A certain evil cultivator in the Nascent Soul stage recklessly murdered and seized treasures, relying on his unparalleled speed of escape, the nearby cultivating forces were helpless.

Until one day, in the caravan hijacked by this evil cultivator, there was a disguised god transformation stage, whose superficial cultivation was only at the Qi refining stage.

In the end, the evil cultivator of Yuanyingqi died without resting his eyes, and the wealth he had plundered all his life was nothing but a wedding dress.


Hengshui Prefecture has seven counties under its jurisdiction.

Ander County is one of the seven counties. The entire county is built along the river, with waterways extending in all directions.

In places with well-developed water conservancy, rivers and lakes gangs are often indispensable.

The Nujiang gang is the leading gang in Ander County, controlling nearly 40% of the gray income of the surrounding waterways.

On this day, the head of the Nujiang gang.

The gang leader "Qi Jingyun" suddenly summoned three prostitutes to discuss matters in the secret room, and they didn't come out for a long time.

"Father, these few martial arts masterpieces point directly at martial arts innateness."

"I Ching Dan, Changchun Dan, Da Huan Dan, you should have heard of it..."

Lu Chang'an looked at his adoptive father who was over sixty years old and had a round waist, and the warmth of past experiences emerged in his memory.

Qi Jingyun is a first-class master in the rivers and lakes. He has been operating in Ande County for decades, and his power has shaken the upper and lower waters.

When we met today, Qi Jingyun was still majestic, but there were a few strands of frost on his temples.

"Yi Jing Dan, Changchun Dan, Da Huan Dan." The three sons stared at the three bottles of pills on the table with their eyes shining.

Yi Jing Dan can cut the marrow of the Yi Jing and improve the qualifications of martial arts.

Da Huan Dan can increase the skill for decades.

Changchun Dan has the effect of prolonging life for ordinary people.

"Chang'an, these pills should be very expensive, right?"

Qi Jingyun hesitated, looking at the bottle of Changchun Dan, it would be hypocrisy to say that he is not tempted.

"To us cultivators, these are worthless."

Lu Changan didn't tell them that the three bottles of pills only cost one and a half spirit stones, which can be called cheap.

"Okay! Chang'an, you have a heart."

Qi Jingyun's face was full of relief.

He is getting older and needs Changchun Dan very much. It is better to leave Yijing Dan and Da Huan Dan to the younger generation.

"Chang'an, the position of leader of the gang was originally intended to be passed on to you. Now that you have embarked on the road to immortality, I plan to let Li Hong take care of the affairs of the gang in the future."

Qi Jingyun was talking about her own arrangement, but she was also seeking Lu Changan's opinion.

"I believe in the ability of the second brother."

Lu Changan said with a smile.

The sworn brother, Li Hong, is a stern-faced young man, a second-rate martial artist.

Li Hongquan had a lot of desires, he wanted to compete with Lu Changan for the position of leader, there was a slight gap between them.

Today, Lu Changan has jumped out of this level, and doesn't care about the position of the gang leader at all.

"Chang'an, do you think we can cultivate immortals?"

Li Hong was silent for a moment, and finally couldn't help asking.

Previously, Lu Chang'an had demonstrated the magic of the immortal family in front of them.

A few years passed, Lu Changan's appearance remained the same, without a trace of aging.

When Li Hong and the others said they didn't yearn for it, they were deceiving themselves.

"Immortal cultivators need spiritual roots, and you all missed the age to enter the Tao."

Lu Changan smiled, understanding their feelings.

Simply, he checked the spiritual roots of the three foster brothers and foster father.

As a result, none of them had spiritual root qualifications.

In fact, there is no one in the world who has absolutely no aptitude for cultivating immortals.

If the sensitivity is higher than ten, it is a low-grade spiritual root.

If the sensitivity is lower than five, it is an inferior spiritual root.

If the sensitivity is lower than one, it can be ignored, and it is quite unqualified.


After dark.

Lu Changan talked with his adoptive father in private again, and presented him with a few low-grade talismans of the first rank.

In the future, if a few surrogate brothers are unfilial, Qi Jingyun can easily suppress and kill them with the talisman.

"By the way, foster father, where did Daoist Guan, who led me to cultivate immortality, go?"

Lu Changan asked.

Guan Daochang is a down-and-out casual cultivator who was seriously injured a few years ago and fled to the territory of the Nujiang Gang, where he was taken in by Lu Changan.

It was also this one who brought Lu Changan into the Immortal Dao.

"After Daoist Guan sent you to the Immortal Gate for assessment, he stayed in Hengshui Mansion for two months and left without saying goodbye..."

Qi Jingyun recalled.

"Two months?"

Lu Chang'an couldn't help suspecting that Taoist Guan might have lost interest in investing when he learned that he failed the sect's assessment.

The next day, Lu Changan did not stay in the Nujiang gang.

At the request of his adoptive father, he left a copy of "Open Source Scripture" and drifted away.

This non-attributed "Open Source Sutra", if a mortal can practice, it proves that he has the aptitude to cultivate immortals.


"In this life, without family members, there is nothing to worry about in the world."

Lu Changan relaxed physically and mentally, stepped on a flat boat and went down the river.

For the next month or so, he wandered around the rivers and rivers.

In the dead of night, meditate on the boat, practice "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu", and absorb the mysterious energy of time.

Lu Chang'an discovered that although it is difficult to improve mana in the secular world, it does not affect the absorption of the energy of time by the Evergreen Kungfu.

He took Yangqi Pill, combined with Lingshi, to make up for the gap in mana improvement.

Until the time agreed with Li Ergou approached.

Lu Changan returned to Hengshui Fucheng.


Inside the prince's mansion.

Li Ergou had just arrived half a day ago, with a sad look on his face, apparently parting from his relatives not long ago.

Besides the two of them, there was also a cultivator in the house as a guest.

"Brother Lu, let me introduce you. This is Zhang Tieshan, an outer disciple of Jin Yungu."

Yi Lam ushered in a muscular young man with a slightly dark complexion.

"Zhang Tieshan?"

Lu Changan looked at this young man in the third level of Qi refining and dressed in plain clothes.

It seems that I have seen it somewhere, and the name is a bit familiar.

"Haha! Zhang Tieshan participated in the Zongmen assessment with us three years ago, and he won the first place in the third stage of the 'Illusory Heart Platform'. Brother Lu, do you remember?"

Edward Lam laughed heartily.

"It turned out to be Zhang Daoyou, lucky to meet you."

Lu Chang'an thought for a while, but he did have an impression.

Three years ago, he had just recovered his memory, and he never paid attention to who was the number one in the Huanxin Stage.

But in the assessment, there is indeed this person, but the sense of existence is not strong.

This person won the first place in the "Huanxin Terrace", he is definitely not someone who will take it easy!

"Fellow Daoist Lu, I have also heard about your deeds."

Zhang Tieshan was smiling, but he didn't put on airs.

What about him in the sect?

Lu Changan doesn't need to think about it, it's probably an interesting story about an "older" middle-grade spiritual root who was eliminated in the assessment and had to join the Xiuxian family.

Lu Changan was curious about what Zhang Tieshan was doing in the Prince's Mansion.

Zhang Tieshan is not a fairy seedling from Hengshui Mansion.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, I am looking for you this time for a sect mission..."

After chatting for a while, Zhang Tieshan explained his purpose.

"Brother Lu, the danger of that haunted house is not high, but the evil spirit is a bit cunning. Although Zhang Daoyou can defeat it, it is difficult for one person to take it down, so we need our assistance."

Yi Lam obviously knew the situation and helped to add.

"Haunted house ghost?" Li Ergou gave a jolt.

It turned out that Zhang Tieshan had accepted a sect mission and went to a haunted house in Hengshui Prefecture to kill ghosts.

The owner of that haunted house is a descendant of the immortal cultivators of Jinyun Valley.

After Lu Changan understood the situation, he felt that the danger was indeed not high.

However, I don't want to go.

For one thing, Zhang Tieshan didn't specify the remuneration, maybe as an outside disciple, he was already short of money.

Secondly, the ghost doesn't seem to be strong, but who can be sure that there are no other inside stories or traps?

Risk and benefit are not directly proportional.

Although he was willing to get acquainted with Zhang Tieshan, he didn't want to take unnecessary risks.

"Unfortunately, the deadline for us to return to the family is approaching, so we can't delay outside. I disappointed Brother Zhang."

Lu Changan politely refused.

"Yes! There's not enough time. My daughter-in-law is in such a hurry that I can't go to the haunted house."

Li Ergou quickly responded.

Zhang Tieshan's face moved slightly, and he was taken aback.

It seems that he didn't expect it, but Lu Changan refused to sell it because he just wanted to kill ghosts and eliminate harm.


		