

It was getting late.

Lu Chang'an declined Taoist Guan's request to stay overnight in the house.

After all, this house is not big, and there is a little girl, so it is not very suitable.

Lu Changan rested overnight at the inn in the inner city.

The next day, accompanied by Daoist Guan, Lu Changan came to a hall in the center of the inner city and signed a lease contract.

The other courtyard in Jinxiufang was leased to Lu Changan for ten years at the price of eighty spirit stones per year.

Because it is a long-term rental, the price has certain discounts.

There are a total of 800 spirit stones, and the rent is supported on an annual basis.

The price is not cheap. According to Taoist Guan, this other courtyard has just been vacated for half a month.

On the same day, Lu Changan packed lightly and moved into this other courtyard.

"Shuiyueju, the name is good."

Lu Changan glanced at the plaque on the courtyard gate.

Guan Qiaozhi sent some fresh fruits and vegetables to help Lu Changan clean the courtyard and eradicate weeds.

Lu Changan cast spells to clean the inside of the house, and arranged two sets of first-order small formations in the other courtyard.

After a busy day, I was invited to have a meal at Taoist Guan's house in the evening.

The little girl is dexterous and good at cooking. She only adds a small amount of spiritual materials, and the five flavors are delicious, leaving a fragrance on her teeth and cheeks.

Lu Changan realized the benefits of Taoist Guan adopting female apprentices.


Two days later.

Lu Chang'an, who moved to a new home, planned to visit his neighbors.

Especially the mansion on the left, the residence of alchemist Dewey.

In this vicinity, none of the monks who can live in a single-family compound is simple.

Before Lu Changan took any action, a neighbor came to visit.

"I heard that a neighbor of the Talisman Master came, and the little girl came to visit and sent some snacks made by herself."

A gentle and charming female voice came from outside the courtyard gate.

It was a beautiful woman in palace clothes, about twenty-six or seven years old, with mountain eyebrows and water eyes, as beautiful as peaches and plums.

is her?

Lu Changan was a little surprised and opened the formation.

The beauty in palace clothes is named Su Yuetong, and she is a female cultivator who lives alone in an exquisite courtyard adjacent to the right.

"Alchemist Lu, the little girl Su Yuetong, didn't bother you?"

Su Yuetong was dressed in plain palace clothes, she looked dignified and elegant, and her gestures were full of flair.

"It's okay, Miss Su knows my name?"

Lu Changan welcomed Su Yuetong in, and took the snack box.

"Meet Qiaozhi and hear her mention it."

Su Yuetong smiled sweetly, twisted the water snake's waist slightly, and sat with her legs side-by-side with a slightly slanted curve. Every posture and movement revealed a seductive style.

Lu Changan would not underestimate the beautiful woman in front of him.

It is often not easy for a female cultivator living alone in a fairy city where there are a large number of monks and mixed with fish and dragons.

Not to mention, Su Yuetong possessed charm skills and concealed her true cultivation.

On the surface, there are six layers of gas refining.

The real cultivation base is the eighth level of Qi Refining.

Su Yuetong's concealment method is very clever.

However, Lu Chang'an's spiritual consciousness is almost comparable to that of the early foundation establishment, and he has seen the clues when dealing with him at close range.

Taoist Guan reminded Lu Changan not to be fooled by this woman's beauty.

It is said that there used to be a casual cultivator at the late stage of Qi refining, who coveted Su Yuetong's beauty, flirted with her words, and touched her.

As a result, a few days later, the late-stage body of Qi refining was found in a drainage ditch in the city.

During that time, Su Yuetong had evidence of Perfect's absence.

There are gossip rumors: Su Yuetong is the concubine of a big man, and the golden house hides her beauty here.

"Miss Su, go slowly."

Lu Changan chatted with Su Yuetong for a while, and the latter got up to leave.

Su Yuetong just asked Lu Changan how his Fu Yi was and where he was a high school student before.

Lu Chang'an said that he became a first-level top-rank talisman master not long ago, and he had stayed in a certain city before, and did not mention Feiyuehu Mu's family.

Lu Changan checked the dessert left by the other party, found nothing suspicious, and destroyed it.


After a while, Lu Changan went to the mansion on the left side of Shuiyue Residence, which is the residence of Master Du.

"Danxinju" is nominated on the plaque.

At the gate of the courtyard was an old servant who was in the early stage of Qi refining.

"Lu Mou just moved to the Shuiyueju next door, and came to visit Danshi Du with a gift."

Lu Changan asked the old servant to report the news.

He emphasized bringing gifts to visit, because he heard from Taoist Guan that Dewey loves money very much.

Visitors bring gifts, and as long as Dewey is not too busy, he will usually find time to meet him.

"My master is just free today."

The old servant did not notify, and directly led Lu Changan into Danxinju.

Danxinju is a two-entry house. The main pavilion has three floors, which is unique and luxurious.

In a reception room, Lu Changan met the master.

Dewey is a middle-aged man with a mustache. He is not tall and overweight, with a thick nose and piercing eyes.

To use the words on earth to describe it, it is fat and short.

Of course, Dewey was not poor.

This meeting, accompanied by a tall, charming wives and concubines on the left and right, all female cultivators with good looks.

"It turned out to be Master Lu."

With a smile on his face, Dewey took the talisman gift box from Lu Changan.

"May I ask Gui Geng, the talisman master, what grade of talisman master is he?"

During the conversation, Dewey asked directly.

"Nearly forty-six years old, a first-rank high-grade talisman master."

Lu Changan did not hide anything.

Getting acquainted for the first time and showing your own value and strength is the first step in utilitarian social interaction.

Dewey's face remained calm, nor did he despise him.

In less than a quarter of an hour, Dewey picked up his teacup.

Lu Changan bid farewell and left.

Both being first-rank top-rank, alchemist's status is naturally higher than Fushi's.

In Huanglong Immortal City, this gap is even more obvious.

Because it is adjacent to the Black Mist Mountains, there are a large number of monster furs circulating in Xiancheng all year round, providing raw materials for drawing symbols.

As a result, there are a large number of talisman masters in the city, especially middle and low rank.

There are not many first-level top-rank talisman masters, so they are a little more comfortable.

What's more, Dewey studied under the famous second-tier alchemist, and his status has risen with the tide.

"A middle-grade talisman? Without a top-grade talisman, this Lu Fu master may not necessarily ask me."

Dewey opened the talisman box, picked out four medium-grade talismans, and threw them on the table.

"Rewards to you!"

"Thank you husband."

The two concubines are in the early stage of Qi refining, and they are very happy to get the middle-grade talisman.


Leaving Danxinju.

Lu Chang'an smiled slightly. Dewey's greed for money and lust is actually a good thing.

I'm afraid that the kind of people who don't like oil and salt will not be easy to win over.

A high-grade alchemist, Lu Changan would not be flattered.

He wanted to know Hua Danshi behind Dewey.

A second-tier mid-level alchemist is still at the foundation establishment stage, and has a high status, so someone needs to be bridged.

"It will be at least ten or twenty years before I build the foundation."

Lu Changan doesn't need to rush for success.

He estimated that it would take eight years to reach the eighth level of qi refining, and another nine years to reach the ninth level of qi refining.

It will take many years to reach the peak of the ninth level of Qi refining.

Long lifespan, neither arrogance nor impetuosity, stable operation, and slow progress.

Non-vegetation, ruthless Practice makes perfect.

Over the long years, sooner or later he and Danshi Du will have friendship.


Visited Dewey.

Lu Changan looked at the small courtyard opposite Shuiyueju.

There is no plaque in the opposite yard, and there are two houses separated from Taoist Guan's house.

In this courtyard lived a puppet master with a withdrawn personality who rarely communicated with others.

Puppet master is a relatively unpopular genre skill.

The skill threshold is high, and there are high requirements for talent and spiritual knowledge.

The production of puppets is very complicated, and the inheritance is rare, which makes this profession out of the mainstream.

"The door is not closed."

After Lu Changan explained his purpose, a man's voice came from the yard.

Go into the courtyard and see a few golems and scattered golem parts.

A muscular barefoot man, hunched on the ground, was polishing a puppet claw.

The barefoot man's surname is Sang, and he has seven levels of Qi refining.

Seeing Lu Changan coming in, he didn't get up to greet him, and was busy on his own.

But when Lu Changan asked questions, Sang Puppet Master would answer.

After the exchange, Lu Changan was a little disappointed that Master Sang could only create first-order middle-grade puppets.

A mid-level puppet of the first order is not as powerful as his physical body.

The puppets are in the hands of ordinary monks, and it is difficult to exert the combat effectiveness of monks of the same level.

If low-level puppets want to exert their true power, they must have control techniques and share a part of their spiritual consciousness.

And Qi-refining cultivators also consume mana and spiritual consciousness to control magic weapons, so the power of puppets is naturally limited.

Moreover, the price of a puppet is much more expensive than a magic weapon of the same rank.

Lu Chang'an was an exception, his spiritual consciousness was far superior to that of his peers.

It's a pity that the puppets that Master Sang Puppet can build can't meet his requirements.


After getting acquainted with the neighbors.

Lu Changan officially settled in Huanglong Fairy City, Jinxiufang, and Shuiyueju.

In the blink of an eye, two and a half years have passed.

"Thirty years of cultivating immortality..."

On this day, Lu Changan opened his eyes, and there was an aura of vicissitudes that had gone through the years.

The strength of Changqing's mana has been slightly improved.

Awakening memories from the age of eighteen in Jinyun Valley.

Today, at the age of forty-eight in Huanglong Fairy City, it has been thirty years!

"In the first life, this time is also the seventh level of Qi Refining."

"Second life, the foundation was established before the age of forty."

"However, in this life, my foundation is unprecedentedly solid, my spiritual consciousness is strong and condensed, and my state of mind is far superior to the previous two lives. This is the life with the most hope of advancing to the Nascent Soul stage."

Lu Changan was indifferent and calm in his heart.

In the Nine Seals Monument, the white-bearded old man at the peak of the second generation of alchemy has lit up dozens of hairs under the nourishment of his soul for many years.

It is estimated that the lighting speed will not be accelerated until the foundation building period.

The handsome man in the first life only had the peak level of Qi refining, and the power of the soul projection was too weak, so he could only possess the body for a short time, and his abilities were limited.

Lu Chang'an speculated: the second alchemy peak, with profound background and powerful soul, if the soul projection is lowered, the supernatural means that can be displayed will far exceed the former.


		