

The two major cultivating families stopped talking and made peace, and the situation temporarily stabilized.

Lu Changan, who was in Mu's house, was not optimistic.

He confirmed that Patriarch Mu had only three to five years to live.

If the Zheng family stopped fighting, maybe a few more years would drag the Mu family to death.

However, it is said that the ancestor of the Zheng family didn't live long, only ten or twenty years.

Lu Chang'an would often go to the mountains to get a sense of the situation of the ancestors of the Mu family from afar.

If Patriarch Mu is going to die one day, he will definitely know before the senior members of the Mu family.

This can be achieved with the help of the soul imprint of the first life in the Nine Seals Tablet, and the keen sense of Shouyuan's breath in "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art".

"Hey! Why are you leaving again?"

Three days later, Lu Changan, who was standing on the peak, suddenly changed his expression.

That Patriarch Mu has only been back to Yuexin Island for three days.

Disappeared from Lu Changan's induction again.

This point, even in the ordinary foundation building period, cannot be noticed.

What Lu Changan didn't know was.

On the same day, the second elder, Mu Renlong, also quietly disappeared from Mu's house.

Mu's Medicine Garden is three hundred miles away.

Two men in black robes and bamboo hats, one behind the other, rode a spirit horse and quietly left the Mu family's residence under the cover of night.

"Forget it, anyway, the two clans have ceased fighting."

Lu Changan couldn't figure it out, so he didn't worry about it anymore.

Perhaps the ancestor of the Mu family restrained his breath, or he was out on errands.


Lu Changan and the Mu family didn't know.

The Zheng family, three thousand miles away, is facing a catastrophe!

The Zheng family resides hundreds of miles away.

There is a medicine garden built along the river, which is comparable in size to the Mu family.

At this time, the huge medicine garden was shrouded in dark clouds, and there were wailing and screaming sounds.

"Evil cultivator! Run..."

"This person is at least the ninth level of Qi Refining, and he is invincible. Please ask the family for help!"

The hinterland of the medicine garden.

There was a man floating in the air, with black energy around his body, revealing half of his pale face.

"Your Excellency, think about it clearly, our Zheng family has the ancestor who built the foundation to sit in the town."

On the ground, a medicine garden stationed on the sixth floor of Qi training half-kneeled on the ground, preferring death to submission.

"Noisy!"

The man with hairy eyes raised his eyelids, revealing his cold and frightening black pupils.

Pooh!

A crimson-black light in the shape of a sickle flew across, and the medicine garden garrison was broken in two.

As for the escaped low-level Qi refining and mortal servants.

The man with loose hair didn't bother to take a look, showing his slender and white palms, taking in the precious spiritual herbs from the air.

After a while.

The distributing man, who had gained a lot, flew in the direction of the Zheng family's residence.

"Bold! How dare you plunder the Zheng Family Medicine Garden!"

From the direction of the Zheng family's residence, two late stage Qi refiners flew over and shouted loudly.

One is at the eighth level of Qi refining, and the other is at the ninth level of Qi refining.

Among them, the blissful middle-aged man on the ninth floor of Qi Refining was seven percent similar to the dead Zheng Yuanhua.

He is the head of the Zheng family, Zheng Yuanqing.

"Bold? I still have to go to the Zheng Family Treasure House to take a look."

The exuding man sneered, and the black air around his body was swept away, leaving only an afterimage on the spot.

next moment.

The white palm rolled up a cloud of black blade wind and swallowed it towards the two of them with a howling roar.

"Not good! Foundation building period!"

Zheng Yuanqing turned pale with astonishment, without even thinking about it, he took two high-grade talismans in a row, and sacrificed two defensive magic weapons, and retreated while blocking.

"what!"

There was a scream, and the middle-grade defensive magic weapon of the eighth-level elder of Qi Refining beside him was cut in two by the black blade wind, and the magic power shield was instantly shattered.

The whole person was twisted into bloody pieces by the black blade gang wind.

"Heigangfeng! Are you... Liang Shaotian?"

Zheng Yuanqing's scalp was numb and panicked, the shields of the two high-grade talismans in front of him were shattered in a breath, and one of the two defensive instruments had been destroyed.

Seeing death coming, desperate.

"Hey! You actually know Liang's name?"

The hairy man stopped inexplicably, put his hands behind his back, and looked at Zheng Yuanqing in surprise.

"Liang Shaowei's name is as small as thunder."

Zheng Yuanqing escaped unharmed, his clothes soaked in cold sweat.

"What is your status in Zheng's family?" The man with a loose face showed half of his face, looking evil and unpredictable.

"The young one is the Patriarch of the Zheng family." Zheng Yuanqing hunched over.

"Well, take me to the treasure house." The man who gave out ordered.

"What! Treasure house... so good!"

Zheng Yuanqing immediately agreed and led the way obediently before the distributing man changed his face.

The exuberant man nodded in satisfaction.

Just approaching Zheng's house, a wave of spiritual pressure from the foundation establishment period swept over.

In the air, there was a fiery breath.

"Liang Shaotian, why did you plunder my Zheng family medicine garden and slaughter my Zheng family monks?"

Between the clouds, an old man in a gray robe stepped on the red fire cloud and shouted angrily.

"That was taken by Liang with his own ability! Anyone who gets in the way will naturally be killed."

The exuberant man didn't take it seriously, and a group of black blade wind gathered in the palm of his hand again.

"Too much deceit!"

The ancestor of the Zheng family waved his sleeve robe, and an iron fan flew out.

With a shake of the iron fan, six flaming fan shadows were split, and they flew straight at the man who was emitting them.

"Old Ancestor Zheng, if you can take ten moves without dying, Liang will retreat immediately."

With a wave of the man's palm, the black-bladed wind was actually mixed with electric arcs, thundering and crackling.

The wind and thunder staggered, and the evil spirit was awe-inspiring.

The six flame fan shadows shattered in an instant.

In the next moment, the man with hair was divided into three, swept by the black wind, and killed among the clouds, forcing the ancestors of the Zheng family to retreat again and again.

"Junior...stop! This old man admits defeat."

Between the clouds, the terrified voice of the ancestor of the Zheng family soon came.

The man exudes indifference, his eyes show a cold light, and his offensive becomes more and more fierce.

"Young Master Liang, please raise your hand high, it's the old man who doesn't know what to do..."

The voice of the ancestor of the Zheng family became more humble and respectful.

The loose man finally stopped, and said calmly: "Go and see my treasure house."

"Yes, this treasure house was prepared by my Zheng family for many years for Liang Shao..."

The ancestor of the Zheng family coughed up blood and forced a smile.

After half an hour.

Respectfully escorted by the whole Zheng family, the scattered man left the treasure house of the Zheng family.

"By the way, Young Master Liang. Mu's family, which is two or three thousand miles away from our Zheng family, has more treasures and medicine gardens than our family..."

Before saying goodbye, Old Ancestor Zheng reminded him "kindly".

The Zheng family was unlucky to meet this terrifying evil cultivator.

This kind of bad luck, let the Mu family, the enemy family, also taste it.

"You don't need to teach Liang how to do things."

The exuding man left a sentence coldly and flew to the distant mountains.

Until it fell into a ravine.

puff!

The exhaled man spat out a mouthful of blood, collapsed to the ground, and heard the sound of coughing.

His cultivation base also fell to the Qi training stage.

"Cough! There are too few of these precious spiritual herbs that are suitable for my healing..."


Two days later.

Mu Family, Moon Heart Island.

"The news is true?"

"The evil cultivator Liang Shaotian who was wanted in the northern part of the Liang Kingdom actually robbed the Zheng family!"

"The Zheng family's medicine garden and treasury were all plundered by Liang Shaotian. I heard that this beast would kill anyone he saw."

"Old Ancestor Zheng was injured, and an elder was beheaded by Liang Shaotian."

Several high-level members of the Mu family in the late stage of Qi training exploded.

The news was incredible.

"Unfortunately, the ancestor and Renlong are not here. Otherwise, at this time, we will kill the Zheng family..."

"Liang Shaotian did not destroy the Zheng family. Is it possible that he came to plunder our medicine garden and treasure house?"

A soft and graceful female voice came.

It was Mu Xiuyun who spoke, whose cultivation had reached the seventh level of Qi training.

The last time she repelled Pill Master Ge and kept the medicine garden, the family gave her a meritorious service and exchanged it for a broken-rank elixir.

"Xiuyun, are you saying that Liang Shaotian dares to attack my Mu family? Isn't he afraid of being overtaken by sect masters?"

Patriarch Mu Maode couldn't believe it.

If it were him, he would have committed a crime just now, and would have kept a low profile for a while.

"I heard that this child is extremely rampant, so we must guard against it." An elder said.

"Quickly strengthen the formation and treasure house restrictions, and transfer some precious materials."

"By the way, over there in the medicine garden, let me know as soon as possible..."

Before she finished speaking, Mu Xiuyun flew away.


In the night.

Mu Xiuyun stepped on a silver ruler and flew towards the medicine garden with a worried expression on her face.

There are still twenty or thirty miles away from the medicine garden.

Mu Xiuyun suddenly saw a dark cloud in the distance, faintly spreading the coercion of the foundation establishment period.

It is hanging over the medicine garden.

"Not good! Lu Changan..."

Mu Xiuyun's pretty face was pale, and she was stunned in mid-air, her star pupils showed horror and sadness.

After a breath.

She came over in a daze, clenched her teeth, turned around, and flew to the family residence at high speed.


"Principal of the medicine garden, come out and see me!"

The man with hair was floating in the mid-air of the medicine garden, staring at the housing area with dark and cold eyes.

When we arrived here, there was no one in the medicine garden.

No one scolded and resisted, no one fled in panic, and there was a dead silence.

He was instantly offended.

The breath of life in the medicine garden cannot be concealed from his senses.

At this time, in the basement of the yard.

Lu Changan secretly groaned.

Not long ago, he was patrolling the medicine garden when he suddenly sensed a powerful demonic aura approaching.

The speed is extremely fast, and it is definitely the foundation building period.

That sense of threat far exceeds that of the ancestors of the Mu family.

It is definitely not the ancestor of the Zheng family.

In the blink of an eye, Lu Changan made a decision.

Let everyone in the medicine garden hide.

He himself was also hiding in the basement of the yard, running the Evergreen Kung Fu, turning into a piece of dead wood, without any sense of existence.

Judging from his experience, there are two possibilities at this time:

One, the Demon Dao Foundation Establishment came along the way.

If you run away with your own head, it may arouse the other party's interest.

With the opponent's speed, no one in the medicine garden could run faster.

Two, coming for the medicine garden is nothing more than looting precious spiritual herbs.

Then, as long as they are small ants in the early and middle stages of Qi refining, as long as they hide, the other party will not bother to check and kill them one by one.

Facts have proved that the other party is the second type.

After arriving at the medicine garden, go straight to the medicine field area, without any intention of killing.

Lu Changan just breathed a sigh of relief.

Unexpectedly.

This person did not search for the precious medicinal materials immediately.

Instead, he was inexplicably dissatisfied and asked the person in charge of the medicine garden to come out.


		