

This tortoise egg is exactly the spirit beast egg of the earth-grade bloodline "Xuan Shui Turtle".

Lu Changan put his hands on the surface of the eggshell, feeling the weak life fluctuations, and it was continuing to fail.

Without the accumulation of precious spiritual liquid, within half a year, the signs of life inside the turtle eggs would be completely cut off.

"The Zhou family of Yushou really sold a scam."

Lu Changan sighed with emotion, if not, it would not be his turn.

Without rare treasure materials, it is difficult to hatch this black water turtle egg.

If it doesn't hatch, it will consume spiritual fluid even if it is placed there.

Basically, who buys who cheats.

Even if the price is paid, a sick seedling is likely to be hatched in the end.

Lu Changan observed for a while, and carefully injected a trace of evergreen mana into the turtle egg.

If it is ordinary mana, acting rashly may cause unpredictable negative consequences.

But what Lu Chang'an practiced was health preservation, and Changqing's mana was peaceful and contained the energy of life.

Even so, he only input a faint wisp of mana.

"Um?"

The ray of evergreen mana was quickly absorbed by the turtle egg, and it lost its sense in a blink of an eye.

Not only that, he captured the throbbing of the life breath inside the eggshell, conveying a faint desire emotion.

Seeing this, Lu Changan slowly poured in Changqing's mana to increase the amount.

The Xuanshui turtle egg is like a sponge, constantly sucking Lu Changan's evergreen mana.

It wasn't until Lu Changan's mana was almost depleted that the momentum of absorption slowed down.

The life fluctuations in the eggshell stabilized, and the momentum of vitality exhaustion was curbed.

"It's a success in protecting the baby."

"However, this tortoise egg has been affected by some external force. The life embryo inside is still very weak, and its essence has not changed. If it hatches normally, it is probably a sick seedling."

Lu Changan pondered, considering whether to use the secret healing technique of Evergreen Kung Fu.

This secret technique can even bring Mu Xiuyun back to life after her life has stopped, so it should be easy to cure the sick.

But performing the healing secret technique will consume lifespan. The last time I saved Mu Xiuyun, I paid for two months of life.

If it only takes a year and a half of life, it is acceptable. Lu Chang'an just took the first-order longevity pill, which prolongs his life by ten years.

He couldn't determine how much lifespan it would take to allow the Xuanshui turtle to hatch healthily.

In addition, due to the external interference of Changqing's mana, will there be any changes after the hatching is successful?

All this is still unknown, like opening a blind box.

"Don't worry, Zhou Qingxuan is still staying in Fangshi. This girl is very talented in beast control, so I have to guard against it."

In case Zhou Qingxuan came up on the spur of the moment and wanted to come over to check the condition of the Xuanshui turtle eggs, it would be more troublesome.


In the early morning of the next day, Lu Changan went to the inn in Fangshi to see Zhao Siyao off.

Yesterday, Li Ergou and Lam Yi both returned.

Zhao Siyao didn't plan to go back to the sect, but went out to find opportunities to build a foundation, and stayed in Fangshi for a few days to purchase some resources.

"Zhao Daoyou, have you thought about it clearly, are you really going to practice in the Black Mist Mountains?"

Looking at Zhao Siyao, who had a cool and elegant demeanor like a fairy, Lu Changan was somewhat surprised by this decision.

Zhao Siyao's cultivation base has reached the peak of the ninth level of Qi Refining, so he only needs to follow the steps in the sect, gain qualifications, do tasks, and wait for the exchange of foundation building pills.

"I stayed on the ninth floor of Qi Refining for more than ten years, and my practice was in trouble, my mind was exhausted, and my will was slack. But this auction, where evil cultivators are raging in the market, opened my eyes and gave me insights."

Zhao Siyao sighed.

"In terms of life experience, Siyao is not as good as fellow Daoist Lin Yi, or fellow Daoist Lu. This time, I plan to go to Huanglong Xiancheng, go to the Black Mist Mountains to sharpen, kill monsters, and consolidate my foundation."

Zhao Siyao's voice was clear and her eyes were firm.

If Lu Changan thinks about it, going to the Black Mist Mountains to hone his skills is not a small risk.

Going out to experience and sharpen your mind is one aspect.

Some precious spiritual herbs and monster materials in the Black Mist Mountains can be exchanged for contributions in the Zongmen.

Zhao Siyao wanted to exchange for the Foundation Establishment Pill, but his contribution in the sect was not enough, and he had been going step by step, which inevitably made people anxious.

Especially in this auction, Jidan is beyond reach.

She also found problems herself, so she might as well go out to practice and take chances.

"Zhao Daoyou, Master didn't respect you?"

Lu Changan's heart moved and he asked.

Zhao Siyao worshiped under a fake Dan Juren, and Lu Changan was relieved when he found out.

In this way, her outstanding beauty and temperament are guaranteed in the sect, and she is not easy to be coveted or subject to the unspoken rules of her seniors.

It stands to reason that Zhao Siyao's progress in building a foundation can be accelerated with a little care in the sect as a fake alchemy real person.

"Master, she is an old man. She has several disciples and doesn't have much resources to take care of me."

Zhao Siyao forced a smile, feeling slightly depressed.

"Furthermore, her grandson is an inner sect disciple, and now she is a disciple of the sect, so she needs to invest a lot..."

Although Zhao Siyao didn't say it clearly, Lu Changan immediately had a guess.

How much influence will it have on Zhao Siyao's foundation building if the fake alchemy real person wants to cultivate his grandson?

It's not that the resources for foundation building have to be paid by the other party.

Most of the problem lies with the grandson.

That fake Dan Jurchen probably wanted to bring Zhao Siyao together with her grandson.

In this way, the resources she takes care of can be regarded as being used on her own family.

Lu Changan sighed secretly, he thought that Zhao Siyao would be able to avoid coveting and unspoken rules by worshiping under the female false alchemy.

The fact is that it was avoided, but not completely avoided.

Zhao Siyao probably looked down on the grandson of the fake alchemist, which made the master unhappy, and refused to really support him in foundation establishment.


"Fellow Daoist Zhao, you are going to practice in the Black Mist Mountains. Mr. Lu can't help you much, so I can only give you two first-rank high-grade talismans as a token of your affection."

Lu Changan took out a speed talisman and a rejuvenation talisman, and handed them to Zhao Siyao.

The former is used to speed up escape, and the latter is used to heal injuries.

It is inevitable that Zhao Siyao's experience here will be risky, and it will determine whether he can build a foundation in the future.

If you are unlucky, the confidante will die early.

Today was the last time Lu Changan saw Zhao Siyao.

Zhao Siyao did not refuse, took the talisman and felt the extraordinary power contained in the talisman.

Obviously not an ordinary first-tier high-grade.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, these two talismans..."

She turned her beautiful eyes and said in surprise.

"This is made by the eldest lady. I basically don't leave the market, and I don't need it if I keep it on my body."

Lu Changan said in a relaxed tone.

As a first-tier high-grade talisman master, Mu Xiuyun can theoretically refine it, but the probability is relatively low.

The first-order high-grade talisman is equivalent to a common spell strike in the late stage of Qi training.

High-grade products, comparable to the power of magic at the peak of Qi refining, even if it is not as good as the ultimate move secret technique and top-grade magic weapon, but it is also a great help for the late stage of Qi refining.

"Siyao remembers Lu Daoyou's heart in his heart."

Zhao Siyao had a dignified demeanor, bowed her knees and bowed, her fairy skirt undulating.

She guessed that this was a life-saving talisman given by Lu Changan's future wife, Mu Xiuyun.

Lu Changan can give this as a gift, the affection is very heavy!

"Zhao Daoyou, take care on the way."

"Fellow Daoist Lu, there is no need to send it away."

Before parting, the elegant and cold Fairy Zhao looked back at Lu Changan.

The young man in white looked as calm as water.

The two looked at each other for a moment.

Zhao Siyao's eyes were clear and calm, he nodded slightly, and flew away.


After the auction, Zhuye Mountain returned to calm, and the business became much quieter.

In the next one or two years, the popularity improved slightly, but it was difficult to restore the former peak.

Lu Changan stayed in Fangshi all the time, plain and leisurely.

It doesn't take much time to practice and draw talismans.

"Cloud Sand Body Refining Jue" has steadily improved, and after three years of the auction, it has successfully entered the third floor.

Corresponding to the late stage of gas refining!

As expected by Lu Changan, his body training formula surpassed his mana cultivation.

at this time.

His physique is comparable to that of a monster in the late stage of the first order.

As long as the low-grade magic weapon does not hit the vital point, it will hardly threaten him, and it will be difficult to break through the physical defense.

He has said with emotion more than once: "Body training formula and evergreen kung fu are really a perfect match."

The former consumes time and energy and improves survivability; the latter prolongs life and has strong resilience.

"Is the genius granddaughter of the Zhou family gone?"

Not long after entering the third floor of Body Refining Technique, Lu Changan heard good news.

A few years ago, Zhou Qingxuan stayed in Zhuyeshan and met Lu Changan several times in Fangshi.

This woman only asked Xuanshuigui once, and that's not the point.

She once asked Lu Changan: "Master Lu Fu, you stay in Fangshi all year round, please help me to keep an eye out for any monks acting suspiciously, it may be the hidden 'Senior Yan'."

Lu Changan was amused, he didn't expect Zhou Qingxuan to be so curious.

Zhou Qingxuan may have concluded that Senior Yan was an orthodox monk who had guarded Fangshi before daring to search.

Fortunately, this woman stayed for three years, lost her patience, and finally left.

Lu Changan felt relieved, set up restrictions on the second floor, and used the secret healing technique of Evergreen Kung Fu.

hum!

The mana in his body was surging, and an ancient green halo lingered in his hand, like a new sprout, injected into the turtle egg.

Inside the eggshell, there was a mood swing of longing for joy.

One month...two months...three months...

It is not an exaggeration for Lu Changan to pay attention to the consumption rate of life yuan.

Actively consuming life span will not deplete his vitality.

After consuming three months of life yuan.

The breath of life inside the tortoise egg has been upgraded to a higher level, and there is a cheerful and friendly emotion.

At this time, the life fluctuation in the Xuanshui turtle egg reached a normal level.

Basically enough.

But for the sake of the better physique of the hatched Xuanshui juvenile turtles in the future, the skin is thick and durable, so it is easier to feed them.

Lu Changan invested another three months of life yuan.

He had only spent two months of lifespan to save Mu Xiuyun back then.

At this time, the life energy inside the turtle egg became more active and vigorous.


		