

The stronghold of Yinxian Pavilion mentioned by Lin Yi is located in the valley a hundred miles south of Hengshui City.

The distance is not far, and the two directly fly to the imperial weapon.

A misty illusion array was set up in the valley, and the two entered an underground palace. The inner wall of the corridor was inlaid with night pearls.

"Spirit Gathering Formation, a small spiritual land? Brother Lin is not small."

Lu Changan looked around and praised.

Before entering the underground palace, he scanned it with his divine sense and did not ambush.

"Haha, I was lucky enough to discover this underground spring a few years ago, so I can cultivate a spiritual land. Of course, the effect of cultivation here is definitely not as good as that of a first-order spiritual vein."

Lin Yi laughed and said with a twinkle in his eyes.

Fortunate to find?

Lu Changan smiled and said nothing, unless he was very lucky, the spring hidden deep underground would not be easy to find.

"Sure enough, I can't hide it from Brother Lu."

Lin Yi sighed and revealed the truth, "I killed a casual practitioner and learned about this underground spring. For the convenience of cultivation, I simply built a stronghold here."

There are many stone palaces in the underground palace. On the way, I met two ordinary martial arts masters.

"Lord."

Walking to a stone hall, there was someone guarding the door, a casual cultivator on the second floor of Qi Refining.

Lin Yi nodded and led Lu Changan into the stone hall.

A choking smell of medicinal herbs mixed with charcoal fire came.

Lu Changan took a closer look, and there was a alchemy furnace deep in the stone hall, and there were some spirit charcoal under it.

In front of the alchemy furnace, sat a disheveled and slovenly man with broken legs, who was controlling the fire under the alchemy furnace.

"Lord Lin Pavilion."

The slovenly man turned his head, respectful and flattering.

"Fellow Daoist Lu...is here too?"

Seeing Lu Changan, the sloppy man was taken aback for a moment, and then he showed a flattering smile.

"Xia Feilun?"

Lu Changan was taken aback, and barely recognized the other party's identity from that haggard face.

"That's right, it's Xia Feilun."

With a smile on his face, Edward Lam gave affirmation.

"Fellow Daoist Lu should be very curious about how he got here."

"Two months ago, this person was banished by Jin Yungu and expelled from the sect. After leaving the sect, the casual cultivators who had been trapped by inferior pills and poisonous pills gathered to take revenge and beat him seriously. In the end , or should I kindly rescue him and provide him with a stable job..."

Edward Lam explained the cause and effect.

During the process of narrating, Xia Feilun secretly cast a pleading look at Lu Changan.

Lu Changan glanced at his legs, they were broken at the knees, too flat.

His cultivation has fallen to the second level of Qi Refining, and it seems that restrictions have been set on his body.

Lu Changan was thoughtful, and did not intercede with Xia Feilun.

Ten years ago, Juxianlou went to the appointment.

Xia Feilun, as an alchemy apprentice, relied on his status, belittled the three of them, and even taunted Lu Changan.

He also tried to sell bad pills to Lu Changan and others.

Who would have expected that Lin Yi would be caught in the little black room and become an alchemist.

"Brother Xia, work hard. As long as you practice alchemy for me for 20 years and repay the kindness of saving your life, I will let you go back and reunite with your wife and daughter."

Yi Lin laughed heartily.

Leave the Alchemy Stone Palace.

Lu Changan sold a batch of talismans to Lin Yi.

In the past, Edward Lam mainly bought basic talismans and first-order talismans.

This time I bought a small amount of medium-grade talismans.

Once again rejected Lin Yi's invitation to be the deputy cabinet master.

Lu Changan controlled the magic weapon and left the stronghold of Yinxian Pavilion.


Half a month later, Lu Changan rode his spirit horse and galloped along the official road.

A long line of carriages appeared in the distance.

Lu Changan didn't think much about it, and prepared to stagger past until he sensed mana fluctuations, and there was more than one source.

Are there any cultivators?

Lu Changan thought for a while, and rode into the nearby forest.

Not long after, at least a convoy of hundreds of people came over.

Most of the convoy are mortals, but at least ten or twenty people have mana fluctuations.

"Hey! Zheng Centipede!"

On a tall spirit horse sat a black-skinned burly man with a centipede-like scar on his cheek that almost extended to his neck.

This person is the only remaining elder of the ninth level of Qi training in the Zheng family.

The reason why Lu Changan was impressed was because Zheng Centipede led a team to intercept and kill their batch of fairy seedlings twelve years ago.

In that battle back then, only six of the ten immortal seedlings died.

Lu Changan performed the Evergreen Kung Fu, his breath was restrained, and his shape was like dead wood. Even Zheng Centipede on the ninth floor of Qi Refining couldn't detect his prying eyes.

"Zheng Centipede is leading the tribe to migrate?"

Looking back on the struggle between the two clans three years ago, the Zheng family of Zhuyeshan surrendered to the Huang family of Maple Leaf.

At this moment, Centipede Zheng took his clansmen away, apparently not wanting to be subservient, and planned to find another place to develop and continue the Zheng family, a cultivating family.

If you have been attached to the Huang family, the fate waiting for the Zheng family is to be completely annexed by the former.

Lu Chang'an came from the Xiuxian family in his previous life, and he understands how important these families are to blood inheritance.

The convoy went away.

Lu Changan was about to continue on his way.

At this time, two spirit horses appeared on the official road, a man and a woman walking slowly, looking around from time to time, or checking to see if there were any pursuers behind.

"The journey was safe and sound, and the Mu and Huang families didn't do anything. For the sake of the Zhou family, they might really let us go."

One of them, a middle-aged man with a round face who practiced Qi training at the sixth level, said.

"It's a pity that Yan'er's revenge has not been reported. This time, there is no time to take revenge in my lifetime."

The ugly woman on the fifth level of Qi refining beside her said with an unwilling face.

"Revenge? How many times have you mentioned it along the way? Then Lu Changan has been hiding in Mu's house, how could he give you a chance?"

The middle-aged man with a round face said impatiently.

He also wanted to avenge his sister Zheng Feng, but he didn't expect Lu Changan to be so obstinate, and he hadn't heard of it in the past ten years.

"Do you think that Lu has been avoiding your revenge all these years?"

A three-point surprised, three-point funny voice sounded.

"who!"

Zheng Feng and Zheng Dong were taken aback.

I saw a young man in white robes riding a spirit horse, coming out of the forest without haste.

"Lu Changan?!"

The ugly woman Zheng Feng's eyes widened, she was startled for a moment, and then she was about to burst into tears, showing a cruel smile.

"Heaven has a way, you don't go, and you actually send it to your door?"

Zheng Feng rubbed his eyes, the fat on his face trembled, almost suspecting that he was hallucinating.

In her sleep, she met Lu Changan more than once or twice.

"What is the taste?"

Zheng Dong's nose was loose, he felt something wrong, his body suddenly became limp and weak, and he had difficulty breathing.

"Not good, poisonous..."

Brown spots appeared on the faces of the two, and their bodies were crumbling.

"Little thief! You actually poisoned—"

Looking at Lu Changan who was upwind, Zheng Feng looked resentful and unwilling, struggling to get the detoxification pill from the storage bag.

laugh! laugh!

The flying shuttle, a medium-grade magic weapon, flashed across the air like cold electricity, and two blood flowers splashed for about ten feet.

Before the poison of "Erosion Marrow Powder" fully took effect, Lu Chang'an raised the knife and cut off the heads of the two of them.

He stepped forward and took the storage bags of the two of them.

Lu Changan rode a spirit horse, put a wind speed talisman on it, and rode away with the wind.

Zheng Centipede on the other side was a mile or two away, and Lu Changan was not worried about being caught up.


After a while.

Centipede Zheng, who sensed something was wrong, flew over with a broadsword through the air.

Seeing the two festering corpses on the ground, Centipede Zheng looked ugly, and looked around vigilantly.

"Is this... the poison of the Corrosion Supplement?"

After carefully examining the corpse, Centipede Zheng couldn't help but exclaimed.

He knew that Zheng Yuanhua had this kind of poison in his hands.

Zheng Yuanhua died mysteriously during the operation to support Ge Danshi. They later suspected that he died at the hands of the evil cultivator Liang Shaotian.

Because at that node, the ancestors of both families were in the frontline mining area.

The Mu family only has one Qi Refining Ninth Level in the family, so it is impossible to threaten Zheng Yuanhua's life.

Centipede Zheng's face was cloudy and uncertain, and he had no clue for a short time.

He didn't dare to stay, and moved with his clan members in fear, fearing that the Mu family or the Huang family would not let his lineage go.


"Just this little gain? It seems that the Zheng family is quite down and out."

Half an hour later, Lu Changan cleaned up the spoils in the storage bag.

In the two mid-stages of Qi refining, only less than a hundred spirit stones and three low-grade magical artifacts were provided, and other resources such as elixirs were pitifully small.

Those three low-grade artifacts can only be sold in the future.

Lu Changan decided to take revenge because he saw that the two were alone, and neither of them had advanced to the late stage of Qi refining, so they could be killed easily.

What's more, even if the Zheng family, who had migrated in desperation, was speculated to be the murderer in the future, they would not have the ability to take revenge.


Ten days later.

Lu Changan returned to Feiyue Villa and asked about the situation of Zheng's family.

The lineage of the Zheng family has indeed migrated away.

It is said that in order to relocate safely, Centipede Zheng personally went to Yushou Zhou's house to intercede.

The children of the two clans had intermarried, and the Zhou family didn't want the Huang family to grow stronger, so they came forward to ask the two clans not to hunt down and kill the line that the Zheng family migrated to.

Return to the residence in the other courtyard.

Lu Changan took out a spiritual pet bag from his bosom, and opened the bag to restrain it.

squeak!

A huge brown and yellow mouse demon jumped out of the spirit pet bag.

It's the rock rat.

"I've raised you for three years, but you haven't been promoted to the late stage of the first order. If you don't make a breakthrough, I'll sell you to the mine."

Threatening, Lu Changan took out a 200-year-old spiritual fruit from the storage bag and threw it to the rock rat.

"Squeak..."

The rock rat's eyes lit up, and it crazily ate the spiritual fruit.

Since the precious medicinal materials on hand are not easy to sell, it is better to feed them to spiritual pets, although they are a bit violent.

Lu Chang'an waved his hand, and let the rock mouse crawl into the ground from the basement of the house.

Two years ago, he signed a spiritual pet contract with the ground rock mouse, so he no longer needs to rely on the beast card.

He bought the spiritual pet bag from a clansman in Jiuyuelou.

Because the Yushou Zhou family is the overlord nearby, some spiritual pets or spiritual pet bags are relatively circulated in the surrounding area.


		