

The black net was a special magic weapon, and before the gray whirlwind it brought was close to her, Mu Xiuyun suddenly felt dizzy.

She quickly took two middle-grade talismans.

hum!

Two consecutive layers of golden masks protected Mu Xiuyun's body.

It is a first-order spell, the golden mask.

However, the moment the black net was overwhelmed, the golden mask squeaked, turning black and cracking at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The first layer of golden mask collapsed in the blink of an eye.

The second layer of the golden mask did not persist until one breath.

The black net is also a middle-grade magic weapon, and the power it exerts in the late stage of Qi refining is extremely frightening.

Mu Xiuyun's pretty face paled, she gritted her teeth, and took another light blue top-grade talisman.

A bone-piercing chill condensed, and Mu Xiuyun's body was covered with a shimmering water cover.

The black net pressed against the crystal light water cover, and the mesh wires and the water flow intertwined with a "chichi" sound, and it was finally blocked.

But the crystal light water cover was rapidly dimming, and he couldn't hold on for a few breaths.

Mu Xiuyun took the opportunity to take a detoxification pill.

at this time.

A firework-like light beam rose into the sky from the medicine field not far away, and it could be seen for hundreds of miles around.

"Signal!"

Ge Yi and Mu Xiuyun looked subconsciously, and saw a young man in white robe crush the talisman in his hand.

As the garrison of the medicine garden, Lu Changan always had to do something.

"Junior! You are not poisoned?"

Ge Yi's swollen eyes narrowed slightly, a little surprised.

The "Erosion Marrow Powder" he used is not an ordinary poison, it can be mixed with the breath of vegetation, and it is absolutely difficult to resist the attack in the middle stage of ordinary Qi refining.

"It's a good thing that Lu trained to resist poison when he was practicing martial arts, and he hasn't fallen so far. That's why the poison didn't go deep..."

Lu Changan's face was gloomy, he gritted his teeth and stood up with difficulty, and quickly took a detoxification pill.

In fact, he was just pretending.

As soon as the poison entered the body, it was dissolved by the Changqing Gong, which saved some trouble.

The so-called anti-drug training is harmful to the foundation of the body, and Lu Changan did not practice it.

"Lu Chang'an, it's great that you're fine! There's still hope for the two of us to join forces."

Mu Xiuyun's starry eyes shone brightly, and she said happily.

Lu Changan is also in the mid-stage of Qi refining, and if he joins hands with her for a while, he will be able to wait for reinforcements from the Mu family.

Feiyue Mountain Villa is more than two hundred miles away from here.

"Only by this kid?"

Ge Yi sneered, and while suppressing Mu Xiuyun, he casually shot out a cloud of miserable green flames.

He never paid much attention to Lu Changan, a monk who had just entered the fourth level of Qi refining.

Facing the miserable green flames, Lu Changan activated a water curtain talisman with quick eyesight and quick hands.

A layer of blue water curtain blocked in front of him.

Boom!

The miserable green flame exploded, the water curtain suddenly dimmed, and a large amount of water vapor evaporated.

After about one or two breaths, the water curtain burst.

Most of the miserable green flames were also melted by the water flow, without hurting Lu Chang'an who was dodging out of the way.

Ge Yi couldn't help but let out a light snort.

Although it is said that water can restrain fire, ordinary first-order middle-grade talismans absolutely cannot stop the mysterious flames of his late-stage Qi refining.

It seems that Lu Changan used a rare high-quality talisman.

"Miss, I will put pressure on him close by."

Lu Changan was not afraid that Ge Yi would hear him, and left an afterimage on the spot.

In addition to being an immortal cultivator, he is also a martial arts master, and his physique is stronger than that of the non-body refining Qi refining period.

Once in close proximity, martial arts fighting and immortal cultivation methods superimpose, which should not be underestimated.

"Boy! It's ridiculous."

Ge Yi was about to break down Mu Xiuyun's protective shield, and when he saw Lu Changan coming to kill him, he didn't dodge or dodge, showing a touch of sarcasm.

puff! puff! puff!

Before Lu Chang'an got close, several ground thorns about ten feet high protruded from his feet out of thin air, enough to pierce through the body of a tiger or elephant in an instant.

The soles of Lu Changan's feet seemed to have eyes.

The figure soars into the air, moves, and narrowly avoids the ground thorns that appear one after another.

Ge Yi did not cast this sudden ground thorn without warning.

"This kid reacts very quickly."

Ge Yi felt a little regretful, thinking that Lu Chang'an would die.

boom!

The place where the ground pierced the soil, dust was flying, and a huge brown squirrel-shaped monster jumped out, with extremely strong limbs and claws like gold and iron.

"Rock rat!" Lu Changan narrowed his eyes slightly.

In this way, it is clear at a glance how Ge Yi framed him earlier.

The so-called framing was not aimed at Lu Chang'an deliberately, but to attract the young lady of the Mu family and destroy the marriage between the Mu family and the Huang family.

Previously, everyone in the medicine garden was blinded by Ge Yi's arrogant and violent appearance.

At most, he suspected that Ge Yi was greedy for ink medicinal materials.

This is probably a shortcoming that he deliberately exposed, after all, it is normal human nature to be greedy for money.


Right now, this ground rock rat's mana aura is comparable to the peak of the sixth floor.

The sneak attack of the concealed ground thorn just now, replaced by the seventh layer of Qi Refining, could kill him with one blow.

Peng!

The rock and soil as big as a millstone was broken by the ground rock rat's claws.

Immediately, the eyes were fierce and flashed red.

He rushed towards Lu Changan who was in the air at an extremely fast speed.

At this time, Lu Changan had no room to dodge, he stepped down hard, his martial energy exploded, and at the same time, he wrapped his legs with a layer of evergreen mana.

With a loud noise, a big hole exploded on the spot.

Lu Changan's blood was churning, his feet were numb, and he used his strength to fly a few feet into the air to distance himself from the rock rat.

As a martial arts master, although he is physically strong, there is still a big gap compared to monsters of this level.

While backing away.

Lu Changan shot three balls of fire with his backhand, hitting the rock rat's body.

The rock rat hissed, its fur scorched black in many places.

His body swayed, and he rushed towards Lu Changan again as if there was no serious problem.

"Earth monsters are really rough-skinned and thick-skinned."

Lu Changan felt a little troubled.

Of course, the higher cultivation level of the rock rat is also an important reason.

The rock rat pounced again.

Lu Changan's face was serious, he was strutting the formula in his hands, and he was chanting words, and his mana was consumed rapidly.

In an instant, a large amount of vegetation essence gathered.

The rock rat's body trembled, and anxiety appeared in its eyes.

In the next moment.

In the surrounding ground and vegetation, strips of vines and wood with thorns condensed, binding the rock mouse at a lightning speed.

"squeak……"

The rock rat screamed, struggled, and showed fear.

But those vines and wood strips are full of toughness, like a prison, trapping it tightly.

"Bad Ivy Technique!"

Ge Yi was surprised.

The rattan technique is a relatively difficult wood-type spell, and few people can practice it in the Qi refining period.

With the mid-stage cultivation of qi refining, Lu Chang'an used the rich plant essence in the medicine garden to skillfully display it, which can be called a wonderful use of magic.

The rattan technique is just right to restrain the earth monsters.

"Old guy! Let's see what else you can do."

After trapping the rock rat, Lu Changan slapped a wind speed talisman on his body, and an afterimage came up, and he approached Ge Yi in close quarters.

"This kid! He is both a master of martial arts and proficient in spells..."

Ge Yi finally panicked, and hastily sacrificed a flying shuttle magic weapon.

laugh!

With a flash of Hanhong, Fei Shuo slashed in front of Lu Changan in the blink of an eye.

Although Lu Changan's speed was fast, it was not as fast as the magic weapon's attack speed.

He didn't have time to think, and sacrificed a dark blue shield, which rose against the wind, like a stone wall, blocking him.

Rock Shield.

This is a middle-grade defensive magic weapon he exchanged with family contributions!

With a sound of "铛", the shuttle made a groove on the rock shield, sparks splashed everywhere, and there was an ear-piercing sound of friction.

Lu Changan breathed a sigh of relief, it is also a medium-grade magic weapon, and its power in the later stage of Qi refining is a level stronger.

Fortunately, Ge Yi was one against two, and the hastily attacked with the magic weapon was only 70% powerful.

But Lu Changan's goal has been achieved.

Because he was distracted from dealing with Lu Changan, Ge Yi relaxed his suppression of Mu Xiuyun.

Originally, the black net had broken through Mu Xiuyun's high-grade defensive talisman a moment earlier, putting the latter in danger.

"here you go!"

Mu Xiuyun's eyes lit up, she seized the opportunity!

Without hesitation, he sacrificed his hole card, a top-grade attack talisman.

Explosive flame technique!

The aura of the fire element boiled, and a dark red twisted flame giant slammed into the black net above his head.

The black net was blasted, and the light dimmed a bit.

However, the crisis has not been resolved.

Ge Yi is full of mana, his magic weapon is intact, and his combat power remains the same.

The poison on Mu Xiuyun's body could not be completely dissolved, so she couldn't last long.

puff!

Mu Xiuyun's face was pale, she used her mana, and the tip of her tongue forced out a few drops of blood, which fell onto the silver ruler.

Blood flames ignited on the surface of the silver ruler, and the brilliance turned into a streak of horses. At the short moment when the black net was blown apart, it slashed in front of Ge Yi.

The power of this blow is comparable to the late stage of Qi training.

"good."

Lu Changan secretly agreed, the timing of the counterattack was well grasped.

Generally, in the late stage of Qi training, one can only control two middle-grade magical artifacts, or four lower-grade magical artifacts.

Even if Ge Yi still has the magic weapon, he has no energy left.

"The bad boy!"

Ge Yi's face was livid, and his teeth were itching with hatred, so he had to take a picture of the golden mask talisman, and barely lifted the mana mask.

Puff puff!

The silver ruler cut through the golden mask, and cut a crack in Ge Yi's mana mask.

After all, it was blocked!

Cold sweat broke out on Ge Yi's forehead, fighting on two fronts, maintaining two middle-grade magic weapons, and operating the magic power shield, he has reached the limit.

At this moment, a sudden change occurred!

Shhhhh——

Several small dark needles pierced Ge Yi from the side.

"not good!"

Ge Yi's mana shield, which had already shown cracks, was pierced by those needles.

Two of the needles were straight at the door.

He was frightened out of his wits, forced his mana, and tried his best to dodge.

Buffered by the mana shield, the speed of those needles slowed down a bit, and most of them dodged.

Puchi!

One of the needles pierced into Ge Yi's leg.

He breathed a sigh of relief, at least he avoided the vital point.

But the next moment.

Ge Yi's legs went numb, his figure staggered, his face turned black, and he stared at Lu Chang'an with gritted teeth:

"Little beast! You actually put poison on the magic weapon..."


		