

Edward Lam was surprised and slightly disappointed.

He knew that Lu Changan was making excuses, and the time was not that tight at all.

"Fellow Daoist Lu is not free, so let's do it."

Zhang Tieshan's complexion returned to normal, and he did not force it.

Since time was tight, Lu Changan took advantage of the opportunity to bid farewell.

Li Ergou walked smoothly all the way.

"Brother Lu, are you also afraid of ghosts?"

Leaving the Prince's Mansion, Li Ergou heaved a sigh of relief, with a look of sympathy for each other.

"well enough."

Lu Chang'an doesn't pay much attention to evil spirits in the common world.

"I refused so quickly, I don't believe it!"

Li Ergou chuckled, thinking that Lu Changan was the same as him.

The difference between the two is.

One is really afraid; the other is really dog.


On the official road, the two galloped their horses to Feiyue Villa.

Seeing that there is still one day to arrive at Feiyue Lake.

"Wait!"

Walking to a canyon, Lu Changan raised his hand and stopped his horse.

"What's wrong, Brother Lu?"

Li Ergou missed his wife and children in the clan, and he was like an arrow in his heart.

"If you go the right way, this is the only way to go back to Feiyue Lake. The terrain is dangerous and suitable for ambushes."

Lu Chang'an remembered that the first time he passed by here three years ago, Patriarch Mu checked carefully, but nothing happened.

"You mean, there's an ambush here?"

Li Ergou's heart skipped a beat, thinking of the killing of the Zheng family three years ago, his face turned pale.

In that interception, the death of the four teenagers almost left a shadow in Li Ergou's heart.

"Not sure." Lu Changan closed his eyes slightly.

The [Nine Seals Monument] integrated into the mind with spiritual consciousness.

compared with three years ago.

The "Qing and handsome man" printed on the first frame of the Jiuyin Monument is no longer a gloomy "shouxiang", but outlines the light and is vivid.

This is the result of Lu Changan's soul nourishment over the past three years.

The "white-bearded old man" printed on the second frame represents the figure of the peak of alchemy in the previous life, which is still dead and not lit.

"Then what to do?"

Li Ergou was a little flustered, always feeling that the interceptors of the Zheng family were lurking in the canyon.

"To be on the safe side, take a detour!"

Lu Changan opened his eyes and turned his horse's head without hesitation.

"Brother Lu won my heart."

Li Ergou laughed heartily and turned around with Lu Changan.


"What's going on! Those two boys turned back suddenly?"

At this time, several monks hidden on both sides of the canyon looked at each other in blank dismay.

"Don't worry about it! Anyway, there are only two early stages of qi refining, kill them head-on, and avenge Yan'er!"

An ugly woman with an evil face, her teeth were gritting.

If Lu Changan was here, he would definitely recognize this ugly woman as the fourth level of Qi Refining that he fought against in the interception and killing of Xianmiao.

"Xiaofeng, are you sure it's that kid?"

Among them, the round-faced middle-aged man with the highest level of Qi training asked.

"Brother! I know the one who killed Yan'er and turned into ashes!"

The ugly woman's eyes were bloodshot, and her heart was on fire.

Without waiting for orders, he drove a bronze bell directly and chased after it through the air.

During the Qi refining period, the flying speed of the imperial weapon is not fast.

But the ugly woman injected mana crazily, and the bronze bell under her feet buzzed, and the burst speed in a short period of time unexpectedly caught up with Lu Changan and the two of them.

"Brother Lu, she's catching up!"

Li Ergou sacrificed a low-grade magic weapon as if he was facing a big enemy.

"Don't panic, she is the target in the sky."

Lu Changan looked indifferent.

He knows very well how weak the air combat ability of monks in the early and middle stages of qi refining is.

The first is the limitation of magic weapon.

In the early stages of Qi refining, limited by mana and spiritual consciousness, one can only control one low-grade magic weapon.

In the mid-stage of Qi refining, one can control two low-grade magical artifacts, or one middle-grade magical artifact.

Take the ugly woman on the fourth floor of Qi Refining as an example.

She has to share more than half of her energy to maintain the flight of a magic weapon, let alone accelerate the explosion.

In this case, how much strength can be exerted?


Fluffy!

Lu Chang'an threw three fire bombs backhand, hitting the ugly woman in the air, and she was so embarrassed that she almost fell from the air.

How can it have the ability to chase and kill in the air?

The Qi refining period itself does not have the ability to fly, and mainly relies on magic weapons, and its flying flexibility can be imagined.

Only in the late stage of Qi refining, does one have a certain amount of air combat capability.

"Haha! No wonder it's a target."

Li Ergou suddenly realized that he had the courage to fight back the two fire bombs. It's just that the speed and precision are far inferior to Lu Changan, so the ugly woman avoided him.

"Xiaofeng, don't worry! Let's chase after him on horseback."

At this time, the round-faced middle-aged man on the sixth level of Qi Refining led two Qi Refining mid-stages to ride over on horseback.

He has rich experience and knows the weak air combat ability in the middle stage of Qi refining.

"Don't worry, our spirit horse has been trained by the 'Beast Royal Zhou', and its speed and endurance are top-notch."

The middle-aged man with a round face is full of confidence.

Sure enough, the distance between the two sides is getting closer.

"Little thief! Let's see where you are going!"

The ugly woman stared at Lu Changan with resentful and cold eyes.

Riding a horse does not consume mana and consciousness.

As long as they get closer, they can use spells and instruments to carry out long-range kills.

"Brother Lu, what should we do?"

Li Ergou said anxiously.

The pursuers behind were all in the mid-stage of Qi refining, and once they approached, it would be tantamount to death.

"Ergou, please clamp the two straddles a little bit later."

Lu Changan ordered.

"Clamp it tighter? When is it time, you still drive this kind of..."

Li Ergou couldn't laugh or cry.

The voice did not fall.

Two cyan talismans popped out from Lu Changan's hands, and landed on the belly of the spirit horse that he and Ergou were sitting on respectively.

Instantly!

The two spirit horses felt the wind under their feet, lightened their bodies, and their speed soared!

"So fast!"

Li Ergou leaned forward, almost flew out, and honestly clamped the horse's belly.

Da da! Da da!

On the official road, two spirited horses galloped in the wind, raising a cloud of dust and smoke.


"So fast?" The ugly woman and the round-faced middle-aged people couldn't help being taken aback.

"That kid used a talisman!"

They also have Accelerator Talismans, such as the low-grade Fengxing Talisman of the first rank.

"Don't be stingy, everyone, the expenses are mine."

The middle-aged man with a round face made a quick decision.

A group of four people used accelerator symbols and stuck them on the horse's belly.

The round-faced middle-aged man and the ugly woman each used a medium-grade wind speed talisman, which was faster.

But even so.

The distance between Lu Chang'an and them is still getting farther and farther.

"Why can't you catch up?"

The middle-aged man with a round face was surprised and couldn't figure it out.

He confirmed that the acceleration talismans used by Lu Changan and the others were at most medium grade.

Their spirit horses are of better quality, so they should be faster.

"Junior! Do you dare to dismount and fight?"

Seeing that he couldn't catch up, the middle-aged man with a round face on the sixth level of Qi training became anxious and shouted angrily.

"Your horses are not as fast as ours, even if they are cultivated to the sky, what can they do to me?"

Lu Chang'an responded leisurely, making the ugly woman and the others in the rear very angry, and could only curse non-stop.

Not long.

The sound of cursing became quieter, and the ugly woman and the others could no longer be seen chasing them on the road.

"Brother Lu, this trick is really powerful!"

Li Ergou looked excited, and the pursuers behind him couldn't even eat Yangchen.

Full sense of security!

Li Ergou couldn't help pondering: "If our horses run fast enough, wouldn't even Jindan Patriarch and Yuanying Zhenjun be able to do anything to us?"

"Hey! You actually know how to infer other things from one instance, a child can be taught!"

Lu Changan couldn't help but approve.


Two days later.

Lu Chang'an and his two abandoned their horses, went around the wilderness, and rushed back to Feiyue Villa.

After returning home, immediately report to the family.

This incident alarmed the top management of the Mu family.

The head of the family, Mu Maode, personally questioned Lu Changan and the two of them.

The final conclusion is: Vendetta!

Mu Maode secretly admired Lu Changan's vigilance in seeing through the ambush.

Lu Changan also thought it was a vendetta.

From Mu Maode, he learned the identities of the ugly woman and the others.

The name of the ugly woman is Zheng Feng.

The Qi-refining third-tier cultivator named Zheng Yan that Lu Changan had killed was the other party's illegitimate son.

The middle-aged man with a round face on the sixth level of Qi training, named Zheng Dong, is the elder brother of the ugly woman Zheng Feng, and he is considered a young and strong monk of the Zheng family.

"Zheng Feng...Zheng Dong..."

Lu Changan silently wrote it down in his notebook, looking for opportunities to take revenge in the future.

Granted, he paid some price, and now has a chance for revenge.

But only 70% sure, easy to expose.

No risk.

When the day comes, when the other party can be crushed to death like an ant, then sneak attack and kill without anyone noticing.

Lu Chang'an does not seek to kill the enemy by leapfrogging, but likes to crush steadily.

After the two of Lu Changan left.

Patriarch Mu Mao's face gradually became gloomy.

"How did the Zheng family get the information about Lu Changan's going out and the time of his return?"


"As a cultivating force, it's normal for the Mu family to have ghosts, so try to go out as little as possible in the future."

Back at his residence in the other courtyard, Lu Changan fell into deep thought.

"Let's think about it now! I have a five-year agreement with Patriarch Mu. After five years, I have to marry a wife and have children."

Normally, he is re-cultivating at the alchemy stage, and he can practice at least to the middle stage of Qi refining in five years.

But plans can't keep up with changes.

He didn't expect the special nature of "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu", which needs to absorb the energy of the years, resulting in such a smooth advancement.

This point offsets his advantage of rebuilding.

What's more, he practiced wood-type kungfu, which is only a low-grade spiritual root.

As a result, for more than three years, his cultivation still remained at the second level of Qi Refining.

"Now that I have pills to assist me, I should be able to speed up the progress..."

Lu Changan took a qi-nourishing pill, closed his eyes and practiced.


		