

Introducing a second-tier senior alchemist is only a key part of conspiring to establish a foundation alchemy.

The biggest problem is actually the collection of foundation building pill materials.

Lu Changan knew the formula of Zhuji Pill.

I also know that there are more than one recipes for the Foundation Establishment Pill, with slightly different ingredients and refining techniques.

The major forces in the world of cultivating immortals are like the sands of the Ganges River.

For countless years, there have been countless forces who have mastered the Foundation Establishment Pill Formula. With the changes of the times, the Pill Formula has even improved slightly.

The common formula of Jidan is definitely not a secret, as long as you have the heart, it is not difficult to get it.

The alchemy formula is not difficult, what is difficult is the material and the alchemist who has mastered the refining techniques.

The key main ingredients and auxiliary medicines of Zhujidan are basically monopolized by big forces.

Regarding this, Lu Chang'an had made plans as soon as he arrived in Huanglong Immortal City.


Two years ago, in his letter to Zhao Siyao, he entrusted him to pay attention to the sect and collect materials for building Jidan.

As long as it is not the main ingredient of the foundation building pill and the key and scarce supplementary medicine, there is a chance to buy it in the sect.

Some medicinal materials are not only used for building foundation pills, but also for other purposes.

For non-strategic resources, the sect's control is not so strict.

He trusted Zhao Siyao's character.

It is not difficult for the foundation building monks to collect non-key materials.

When the collection reaches a certain level, Lu Changan will go to Jinyun Valley and buy it with spirit stones.

Lu Changan will not rely on Zhao Siyao.

He is in Huanglong Fairy City, and will continue to pay attention and slowly collect materials.

In Huanglong Fairy City, there are small auctions every year, and medium and large auctions every three to five years.

As long as the financial resources are sufficient, and you are not afraid of high profile and risks, theoretically, there is a chance to buy Jidan.


time flies.

In the next two years, Lu Changan's life in Huanglong Immortal City tended to be stable and leisurely.

Practicing body exercises, feeding pets, and studying skills remain unchanged.

There are currently more tasks to collect materials.

The materials collected are not limited to Foundation Establishment Pills, but also materials for second-order talismans.

Half a year ago, Lu Changan bought a second-grade talisman pen in a high-end talisman tool store, which cost 1,500 spirit stones.

This consumed a lot of the spirit stones on his body, and he sold some reserves of high-grade talismans for this.

A senior first-level high-grade talisman master can barely control the second-level talisman brush, which improves the success rate of drawing talismans.

Although this shot revealed his richness, his behavior was not beyond common sense, and he was not a casual cultivator with no heels.

With a second-order talisman.

As long as Lu Changan bought the second-order talisman paper and spirit ink, he could draw more second-order talismans.

It's just that you need to be more restrained when buying second-order talisman materials.

Lu Chang'an didn't want to expose his true talisman drawing skills, which was his biggest reliance before the alchemy stage.


For two years.

The relationship between Lu Changan and Dewey has grown closer, and they often visit each other, so they don't need to bring gifts every time.

Not long after that concubinage feast, Dewey learned that Lu Chang'an had a background as a friend of the sect's foundation establishment, and had a high opinion of him.

later.

Lu Chang'an split the worst inheritance of a second-rank low-grade alchemist into two halves. The part belonging to the first-order inheritance was given to Dewey.

Dewey got the incomplete inheritance, so he guessed that Lu Changan would have a sequel, so he was naturally very concerned.

Dewey no longer just blindly asked for benefits from Lu Changan, but also gave back the cultivation pills in the late stage of Qi refining.

There are back and forth, the two really have a friendship, and the relationship is deepening day by day.


On this day, Lu Changan drew a second-order talisman in the secret room.

Concentrating on it, most of his mana was exhausted, and beads of sweat oozed from his forehead.

The last arc-shaped rune line is connected end to end on the second-order rune paper, as if an invisible current runs through all the rune veins.

A terrifying spiritual pressure flashed across and froze on the second-order talisman paper.

"Second-rank inferior, Thunderbolt Talisman."

Lu Changan wiped the sweat from his forehead and smiled.

The lightning talisman belongs to the second-order talisman, which is divided into low-grade, middle-grade, and high-grade.

Its power is slightly stronger than ordinary second-order talismans.

This lightning talisman drawn by Lu Changan, if used properly, can threaten the initial stage of foundation establishment.

The use of talismans actually has limitations. The higher the grade, the more obvious the restriction.

It doesn't mean that a Qi Refining Stage holding a Tier 3 talisman can wantonly massacre a Foundation Establishment Stage.

High-grade talismans are terrifyingly powerful and have a large range.

Not only does it need to be inspired by mana, but it also needs to be guided and controlled by monks, which has certain requirements for spiritual awareness and mana control.

Do you really think that talismans are like playing cards, and you throw hundreds of them at random when fighting?

If that's the case, the world of cultivating immortals will be the world of talisman masters.

During the Qi refining period, it is relatively difficult to guide the power of the second-order talisman. If you are a little careless, you will easily hurt yourself.

As for the third-order attack talismans activated during the Qi refining period?

I don't know if the enemy is dead or not, and I will probably burp.

The alchemy-level power that the third-order talisman leaked casually would instantly wipe out itself in ashes.

Therefore, the top geniuses of the big forces go out to practice, and the high-level talismans bestowed by the elders are basically defensive and life-saving.

Lu Changan was fine.

Compared with the initial stage of foundation establishment, the spiritual consciousness can accurately guide the second-order talismans and exert the power of the foundation establishment stage.


After drawing the talisman, Lu Changan meditated and adjusted his breath.

Mana will be restored by 80%.

Whoosh!

A sound transmission talisman flew into the yard from the outside and was ingested by Lu Changan.

"Lu Fushi, there is good news, please come to my house!"

Dewey's voice came out from the sound transmission note.

"good news?"

Lu Changan's heart moved, and when his mana recovered, he went to Danxinju next door.

Dewey's house.

Not only Lu Changan came, but also Su Yuetong, who was dressed in palace clothes and had high black hair.

"Today, my master is in a good mood, and I happen to be free, so I will take you to meet his old man."

Dewey smiled, and the mustache between his lips rose slightly.

Su Yuetong couldn't help showing joy.

I have been friends with Dewey for many years, isn't it just to get to know that Hua Danshi.

"Come on, I'll take you to Master's mansion."

Dewey acted resolutely and took the two of them to the inner city towards Huanglong Mountain.

Until it is near the foot of Huanglong Mountain.

Luxurious or quaint mansions came into the vision of the three of them.

"The spiritual environment of the second-order spiritual vein."

Lu Chang'an was keenly aware that this place was in the transitional area between the inner city and Huanglong Mountain, and from time to time one could see the light coming and going during the foundation building period.

"This is Huanglongfang. The owners of the various mansions are basically foundation-building monks."

As Dewey said, he took the two of them into one of the garden-style mansions where a lot of medicinal herbs were planted.

"Wait a moment, I'll ask Master for instructions."

Asking the two to wait in the courtyard, Dewey went directly to one of the temples.

waiting process.

Lu Changan noticed that Su Yuetong, who had always been charming, seemed reserved and uneasy.

This is the gap in the big realm.

Even if you are a magnificent beauty, you have to stay low and be a small one when facing a senior with a high realm.

What's more, Alchemist Hua is not an ordinary foundation-building stage, and holds the key to enter a higher realm of Qi Refining peak cultivation base.

After a while.

Dewey returned the same way, with an unnatural expression on his face.

"Master Du, how is it?" Su Yuetong saw that there was something wrong with Du Wei's expression, and asked cautiously.

"Two friends, I'm sorry."

Dewey took a deep breath, calmed down, and explained:

"Unfortunately today, a distinguished guest from Huanglong Mountain paid a sudden visit to discuss alchemy skills with Master. I'm afraid I won't have time to receive you two in the short term."

"Our luck is too bad."

Su Yuetong sighed bitterly, on this occasion, she didn't dare to complain.

Huanglongfang is at the foot of Huanglong Mountain.

It is normal for Master Hua to know the nobles of Huanglong Mountain.

On Huanglong Mountain, apart from the real Huanglong who sees the head and tail of the dragon, there are many disciples and grandchildren.

Among the disciples of Master Huanglong, there are only two of Master False Pills.

Not to mention the rest of the masters in the foundation building period.


The three returned angrily.

On the way, Dewey apologized again.

Lu Chang'an didn't care, this time he only planned to get acquainted with Alchemist Hua.

After collecting enough materials on the ninth floor of Qi Refining, he will find Alchemist Hua to refine the Foundation Establishment Pill.

Back to Jinxiufang.

Dewey invited the two to his house and hosted a banquet for them, which was regarded as an apology.

After drinking a few cups, Su Yuetong left halfway.

"Brother Lu, I was negligent this time."

Holding a wine glass, Dewey approached and said in a low voice:

"To express my affection, there are only two wives and concubines in Du's house. You can choose the rest, and I will spend the night with you tonight!"

He supported Lu Changan's shoulder, showing an ambiguous smile.

"If one is not enough, you can choose two more."

"Brother Du, don't be joking. I really don't take what happened today."

Lu Changan couldn't laugh or cry.

Even if Dewey really didn't mind, he wasn't interested in being the other's brother-in-law.

Dewey's words are all about this, and today's incident seems to be an accident.

Of course, most of the reason for Dewey's "heart-to-heart confiding" is because of the second-level alchemy inheritance in Lu Changan's hands.

Dewey has benefited a lot from the part he got so far, and he is very jealous of the other half.


Return to Shuiyueju.

Lu Changan returned to a peaceful day.

Interact with the black water turtle every day, feed animal food and evergreen mana, and accompany you during your practice.

Lu Changan sat cross-legged next to his legs.

The little tortoise is like a seedling, constantly thriving in the light and shadow of time.

Three years later.

The young turtle swelled up a circle, comparable to the size of a cattail fan.

On this day, the evergreen mana in Lu Chang'an's body reached a higher level.

"Fifty-three years old, eighth level of Qi refining!"

Lu Changan realized that he was one step closer to building a foundation.

Not long after he was promoted to the eighth level of Qi Refining.

A monk who established the foundation came to visit Shuiyueju.


		