

"That's right."

Lu Chang'an knew that he was somewhat discussed in the circle of Mu family girls.

"Can you draw symbols?"

"Know the basics, practice first."

Lu Changan said modestly.

Mu Xiuyun, on the other hand, focused on Emei, and said displeasedly:

"Since you are a beginner, you shouldn't aim too high and buy high-quality talisman paper."

High-quality talisman paper, suitable for refining first-level top-grade talismans, it will be a waste for beginners.

A piece of high-quality talisman paper is worth several ordinary talisman papers.

Beginners often use cheap talisman paper to practice their hands.

"Miss is right! I bought three boutique collections as an encouragement."

Lu Changan was calm and did not argue.

Mu Xiuyun took a look at the indifferent young man in white, and without further ado, handed over the whole set of talisman materials.

It can be regarded as agreeing to Lu Changan's bargaining price.

"Thank you Miss."

Seeing Mu Xiuyun retracting her jade hand reservedly, Lu Changan put the spirit stone on the stone table.

Watching the two go away.

The girl in red wrinkled her nose and looked at Mu Xiuyun suspiciously.

"Sister Xiuyun, you actually made an exception and gave that kid a discount?"

"I heard from Yunfei that under the interception and killing of the monks of the Zheng family, this person was in danger, and he slashed the three layers of Qi training, which saved the family from losses."

Mu Xiuyun put away the Lingshi with a natural tone.

"So, he has made a great contribution, and the family will naturally..."

The girl in red thought, her voice suddenly stopped.

If it is a young rookie of the Mu family, with such a performance, the family will naturally be rewarded.

"Yinglan, what do you think of Lu Changan?"

Mu Xiuyun pursed her lips slightly.

"Looks okay, but thick-skinned. Maybe, some have too much self-esteem?"

Mu Yinglan thought for a while, and then shared her first impression.

There were some rumors in the clan that Lu Changan looked down on the betrothed woman of the Mu family.

"Yinglan, if the family allows you to marry Lu Changan, are you willing?"

Mu Xiuyun smiled.

"What! I married him? It's impossible..."

Mu Yinglan blushed and shook her head as if jumping.

"Sister Xiuyun, the family doesn't want to match me with this kid, does it?"

She reacted suddenly.

Mu Xiuyun didn't deny it, and murmured: "Lu Changan has a middle-grade spiritual root, and it's a bit wronged to marry a mortal. Father is considering whether to find him a clan girl with a spiritual root."

"So, you just focus on the cute clan sister? No! I can't see him."

Mu Yinglan was sullen and snorted softly.

"You don't like him?"

"Of course! Lu Chang'an seems to be twenty, right? He has just been promoted to the second level of Qi Refining! It's said to be a middle-grade spiritual root, but it can't compare to some low-grade spiritual roots in the clan."

Mu Yinglan raised her sharp chin and spoke out.

On the other hand, although she is a low-grade spiritual root, at the age of sixteen, she has already reached the peak of the second level of Qi refining, and she will try to break through soon.

In the world of cultivating immortals, unless it is top-level aptitude like earth spirit root and sky spirit root.

Otherwise, cultivation and age can better reflect a person's prospects.


In another courtyard, in the basement.

Lu Changan took out a complete set of talisman pens, cinnabar, and talisman paper.

Adjust the cinnabar and spread out the talisman paper.

After closing his eyes for a moment, all kinds of experiences and insights from the previous two lifetimes of talisman skills flooded into his mind.

Suddenly, his eyes were frozen, and he held his breath.

Grab the talisman pen and let it flow freely.

Changqing's mana is like a thin thread, flowing through the tip of the pen, and outlines it on the talisman paper in one go.

"Water Purification Talisman."

The light blue runes, the spiritual light converges, and the spiritual ink freezes quickly.

The water purification talisman is the basic talisman for getting started, not even the first level.

"It feels dry."

Lu Changan was not very satisfied, so he drew another fire talisman and another house talisman.

In the secular world, if you know a few basic talismans, you can act as a so-called master of Taoism.

Finish drawing three basic symbols.

Lu Changan found the feeling, and the feeling became smoother.

Then, he began to draw the first-order talisman, corresponding to the Qi refining period.

First there are two [Cold Wind Talisman].

[Cold Wind Talisman]: Tier 1 middle grade, with a certain range of damage and not weak deceleration effect.

Among the first-order talismans, it is a rare group damage.

This symbol is not common.

Because the power of [Cold Wind Talisman] is not great, the difficulty of drawing is relatively high, and the success rate is low, so few Talisman masters practice it.

call!

Drawing two tier 1 medium-grade talismans in a row, Lu Changan consumed more than half of his mana.

Due to the limitation of cultivation, each talisman teacher can only draw a limited number of talismans in one day.

Drawing talismans not only consumes mana, but also consumes a lot of energy. It doesn't mean that adding spirit stones can be used as a perpetual motion machine.

Fortunately, Lu Changan has a long pulse.

After adjusting the breath for half a stick of incense.

He drew two more [Water Curtain Talismans], which are first-tier middle-grade defensive Talismans.

Considering that the most powerful spells in the Qi refining stage are mostly fire-type spells, he refined this talisman.

In the end, he drew three more [Wind Speed ​​Talismans], which were also first-order middle-grade Talismans.

Since he is a third-tier talisman master, the talismans drawn by Lu Changan are of high quality and more powerful than those of the same level.

Cold Wind Talisman, Water Curtain Talisman, Wind Speed ​​Talisman.

A total of seven first-order talismans were refined.

Lu Changan's energy was drained, especially his mental strength.

This is because his soul is strong, and the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art" has a long pulse. In the early stage of other qi refining, it is difficult to draw middle-grade talismans.


Get a good night's rest and be energized the next day.

Lu Changan also has ten first-order talisman papers and three first-order high-quality talisman papers.

For the former, he is going to keep it to earn Lingshi and see the market conditions.

Three high-quality talisman papers, he intends to draw a powerful top-grade talisman.

This symbol is called [Golden Sword Talisman].

It is a unique talisman improved by him in the previous two lives.

"[Golden Knife Talisman] has strong penetrating power, and its power is close to that of a high-grade magic weapon. It is difficult to resist in the late stage of ordinary Qi refining. However, the refining requirements of this Talisman are relatively high."

Lu Changan looked solemn.

Normally speaking, if one does not have a cultivation base above the seventh level of Qi Refining, one cannot draw the [Golden Sword Talisman] at all, and the success rate is very low.

To prevent lack of mana, he ate a bowl of Lingmi before painting.

The spirit is highly concentrated.

The tip of the pen wandered on the fine talisman paper for a few minutes. In the end, the strokes of the pen were no longer smooth, and gradually became a little difficult...

Beads of sweat oozed from Lu Changan's forehead, and his face was pale.

scoff~

The golden pattern on the talisman paper jumped a few times, and a puff of blue smoke rose.

"It's a pity, it's so close." Lu Changan felt a little pained.

In his previous life when he was refining Qi to the seventh level, the success rate of [Golden Sword Talisman] was not very high.

If this talisman is successful, it will become his trump card.

Lu Changan was not discouraged.

After practicing for three days, bathe and change clothes.

try again.

This time, he finally succeeded in drawing a [Golden Knife Talisman], with some elements of luck.

Another three days.

The third time I drew [Golden Knife Talisman], it ended in failure.

The three high-quality talisman papers have been consumed.

"Based on my current cultivation, I'm only 20 to 30% sure about drawing [Golden Sword Talisman]."

The final result was acceptable to Lu Changan.

If it weren't for the specialness of Changqing Kungfu and the spiritual consciousness comparable to the seventh level of Qi training, Lu Changan wouldn't even have the idea of ​​trying it.


next half year.

Lu Chang'an devoted himself to cultivating, and the life-prolonging effect of the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Technique" has already taken effect.

In the practice room, Lu Changan opened his dark eyes.

A hint of the mysterious aura of time and change flashed through the operation of the exercises.

I don't know if it is an illusion.

He felt that the mediocre evergreen magic power seemed to have strengthened a little.

negligible.

If it is not rebuilt, the soul is beyond ordinary people, it is difficult to detect.

"Could it be that the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art" can increase its power in the cycle of time?"

"The longer you live, the stronger your mana?"

Lu Changan had an absurd thought.

It may take a long time to verify this conjecture.

After all, the slight sense of mana enhancement can be ignored, and it may be a normal fluctuation.

"Brother Lu."

Outside the courtyard, Li Ergou brought two spirit horses.

I have been to Mu's house for nearly three years.

Li Ergou's face is plump and oily, and his body is more than half a foot tall.

The body tends to be burly, wearing a navy blue cassock, and his eyes are piercing, which makes people dare not look down upon.

On the other hand, Lu Changan's appearance remained the same, and his temperament was indifferent and peaceful.

"Yes, you borrowed a spirit horse?"

Lu Changan jumped on his horse and started on the road with Li Ergou.

This kind of spirit horse is not a first-order spirit beast, but a product of family hybridization, which is considered a half-spirit beast.

They are going to Hengshui Mansion to attend the three-year agreement that year, and at the same time to visit relatives in the secular world.

Before departure, the two reported to the Mu family.

The Mu family did not restrain them and allowed the two of them to spend half a year.

It went so smoothly, Lu Changan was a little surprised at first.

But after thinking about it, Li Ergou married a wife and had children in Mu's house. He already had two children, and he was very happy.

The Mu family must be assured of Ergou.

As for Lu Changan. Since he didn't have a wife and no children, the Mu family provided him with a practice dojo and a little low-grade spiritual rice every month, so the investment was very small.

What's more, the Mu family knew his footsteps in the world.

Even if he really ran away, it would be very difficult for Lu Changan to find a dojo for free prostitution.

"Brother Lu, you really don't plan to marry a wife and have children? Then the aptitude of middle-grade spiritual roots will be ruined!"

Leaving Feiyue Villa, Li Ergou couldn't help saying.

Now, Lu Changan's cultivation base is a bit behind him.

Li Ergou has ample supply of elixir and spiritual rice, and the power of the exercises he cultivates is average, but he advances relatively quickly.

In three years, he has cultivated to the peak of the second level of Qi Refining, opening up Lu Changan's one-year gap.

"If elder brother doesn't like mortal women, can my daughter-in-law introduce you to a woman from our clan who has spiritual roots?"

Li Ergou's eyes flickered slightly, and he said tentatively.

"You, have you regarded yourself as a member of the Mu family so quickly?"

Lu Changan was dumbfounded, seeing his careful thoughts.

I can't help feeling that Li Ergou has changed so much in just three years.

"There is no need to say more about this."

He waved his hand and sighed, "The situation in the world of cultivating immortals is changing, and the Qi refining period is like cannon fodder. At least you have to build a foundation to have a preliminary foothold. Otherwise, it will be precarious. How dare you marry a wife and have children?"


		