

For the sake of Mu Xiuyun's words, it's hard for Lu Changan to refuse.

What really moved him was the double salary.

Over the years, with the improvement of his talisman skills, the Mu family not only gave ordinary monks the treatment, but also a spiritual stone salary.

If the salary of the shop is added, Lu Changan has a considerable and stable income.

His personal practice, body training formula, and training rock rats are not a small sum of money.

Anyway, Lu Changan has a lot of free time.

Bamboo Leaf Mountain has a second-order spirit vein. Even if you can't enjoy the spirit veins in the core area, the effect of cultivation is no worse than that of Feiyue Villa.

In addition, Fang City has a large flow of people, and their sense of news about the world of cultivating immortals is far better than that of Feiyue Villa, which is relatively closed.

"Miss, do you think Mu Ershun is suitable to be an apprentice?"

Lu Changan did not forget Li Ergou's commission.

"Mu Ershun?"

Mu Xiuyun pondered and said: "The child knows a little bit of talisman theory, so he barely meets the requirements. Since you open your mouth, let me give you a place."

The two chatted for a while, and Mu Xiuyun got up.

"Lu Chang'an, what is your success rate for top-grade talismans?"

Walking to the yard, she asked a question.

"A quarter of the success rate is still a loss."

Lu Changan replied.

The cost of a first-tier high-grade talisman is much higher, and the requirements for the talisman paper and spirit ink are high, and the loss of the talisman pen is much greater.

Every drawing of a high-grade talisman consumes a lot of mental energy during the Qi refining period, and time is also a cost.

"There has been considerable progress."

Mu Xiuyun nodded, and left the other courtyard, leaving behind a fragrance like osmanthus and orchid.


Half a month later.

A small flying boat set off from Feiyue Villa and shuttled among the clouds.

Mu Xiuyun stands gracefully at the head of the flying boat, her hair reaches her waist, her skirt flutters, and her profile is picturesque.

Lu Changan stood beside her.

Behind them are two apprentices, a man and a woman, with a slightly reserved expression.

Among them, the boy with thick eyebrows and big eyes is Mu Ershun.

Another girl from the Mu family, named Mu Shan, has a beautiful appearance, is seventeen or eighteen years old, is on the second level of Qi Refining, and is an apprentice of a talisman master.

Over the years, the financial situation of the Mu family has greatly improved, and they have purchased two more small flying boats.

The main reason is that the situation is stable. In addition to Feiyue Lake aquatic products, the Mu family also has the income of the entire copper mining area.

Mu Renlong, a newly promoted foundation-builder, is in the prime of life and has no worries about his lifespan. The addition of Li Ergou and other immortal seedlings has added new blood to the Mu family.

The revived Mu family is in a thriving atmosphere.

on the way.

It is inevitable to mention the newly established Zhuyeshanfang City.

"The geographical location of Zhuye Mountain is very suitable for Kaifang City. There are no large-scale trading places for immortal cultivators around. Whether it is Wufengfang City or Huanglong Immortal City, they are far away from the nearby cultivating families..."

Mu Xiuyun introduced the situation of Xinfang City.

"The establishment of Zhuyeshanfang City has made it more convenient for several foundation building families, more than a dozen small Qi refining families, and many casual cultivators. It can be regarded as filling a gap."

Lu Changan looked at the map, and the Huang family's move was subtle.

As for the Beastmaster Zhou's family, it has a relatively large territory and is farther away from here.

Moreover, the basic area of ​​the Zhou family is close to the branch of the Black Mist Mountains. Although there is also a market there, it is mainly engaged in the business of monster materials and spirit beasts. Due to geographical factors, it is not easy to radiate in all directions.

"In order to gather popularity, the Huang family sold the Fangshi store at a low price to the nearby Zhuji family."

"What about the Zhou family?" Lu Changan asked curiously.

The Zhou family has a fake real person Dan, which is beyond the scope of the Jianji family.

"The Huang family donated five shops to the Zhou family for free, as well as ten caves in Zhuye Mountain."

When Mu Xiuyun said this, her voice turned slightly cold.

"so much?"

Mu Ershun and Mu Shan, who were behind them, gasped in amazement.

Once the Zhuyeshanfang market becomes prosperous, any store will be a cash cow.

"The Maple Leaf Huang's family is really shameless, so flattering the Zhou family."

The thirteen-year-old Mu Ershun could tell, with a disdainful muttering on his face.

In the past two years, Lu Chang'an heard some rumors that Fengye Huang's family wanted to send a clan girl to Zhou's family as concubines.

"Establish the Fangshi, benefit the Zhou family, repair the relationship, please one or two of them, and then plan to marry..."

Lu Chang'an secretly praised the Huang family's step by step.

A few years ago, the Zhou family of Yushou was somewhat dissatisfied with the annexation of the Zheng family by the Huang family.

But in the past two years, the Zhou family's rejection and hostility towards the Huang family has decreased a lot.


Two days later.

The flying boat landed in Zhuyeshanfang City.

"What a rich wood spirit."

Lu Changan observed the terrain and found that there were a lot of spiritual bamboos planted on Zhuye Mountain, most of them were semi-spiritual trees, and a few were first-order spiritual bamboos.

Lingzhu, this used to be the main industry of the Zheng family.

Just like the Lingyu Aquatic Products of Mujia Feiyue Lake.

The Fang City was built on the hillside of Zhuye Mountain, and its scale was slightly smaller than the Wufeng Fang City that Lu Changan had been to.

After all, Wan Jianzhuo's family, the master behind Wufengfang City, is one of the seven great immortal cultivating families in the Liang Kingdom.

Around the foot of the mountain, there is a large area of ​​spiritual fields, mainly composed of spiritual grains and low-level medicinal herbs.

Apart from a few caves on the top of the mountain, there is a luxurious mansion surrounded by spiritual bamboos, many of which are first-order spiritual bamboos.

The aura emanating there reached the level of a second-order spirit vein.

There is no need for Lu Changan to guess, the important figures of the Huang family must live in the mansion on the top of the mountain.

The market was first opened, the streets were deserted, and there was not much popularity.

"This is our talisman store."

Mu Xiuyun came to a three-story pavilion, and the words "Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop" were engraved on the plaque.

The store occupies an area of ​​less than half an acre, with a backyard and several simple wooden houses built.

The first floor is used as a product display area, and a living room is separated behind it.

It mainly sells first-order talisman and basic talisman, including some related items, such as talisman paper, cinnabar, talisman brush, talisman album, etc.

Half of the second floor is used as a warehouse, with multiple restrictions. The other half separated into a suite as the residence of the chief talisman master.

Lu Changan will live here from now on.

The third floor is where the shopkeeper lives, and there is also a spacious talisman room.

As for the two apprentices, Mu Ershun and Mu Shan, they lived in a simple wooden house in the backyard.

The four of them cleaned up.

The next day, Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop officially opened.

In Fangshi, some forces and shopkeepers who have a good relationship with the Mu family came to congratulate and send flower baskets.

It was the first time for Lu Changan to come here, so he made acquaintance first, and entertained guests with Mu Xiuyun.

In the welcoming and sending room, Mu Xiuyun quietly transmitted voice, introducing to him the identities and backgrounds of all the guests.

While he was busy, listening to the gentle and gentle voice of the eldest lady, Lu Changan felt much better.

"Miss Mu, why don't you know when the store opens? Huang can help you call some friends to join us."

As the evening approached, a handsome young man in a purple robe walked into the shop calmly.

Behind the young man, there are two followers in the mid-stage of Qi refining, guarding in front of the gate.

"Young Master Huang, the little girl has lost her way."

Mu Xiuyun moved lightly with lotus steps, and an unnatural smile appeared on her face.

She secretly winked at Lu Changan.

Lu Changan immediately understood the identity of the visitor.

The young master of Maple Leaf Huang's family, Huang Yu.

Back then, when the two clans were fighting, the Mu family originally wanted to marry Mu Xiuyun to Huang Yu, the young master of the Huang family.

However, the Huang family's tone was very strong, and at most they only gave her the status of a flat wife, and the marriage talk fell apart.

"Young Master Huang." Lu Changan cupped his hands.

Huang Yu glanced at Lu Changan with his red phoenix eyes, and nodded slightly without asking his identity.

Next, Huang Yu has been focusing on the graceful and beautiful Mu Xiuyun, talking and laughing happily, and being gentle.

If ordinary people keep staring at beautiful women, it will make people feel wretched.

Huang Yu is personable, with a smile on his face, giving people a feeling of appreciation.

Of course, this also has the blessing of identity.

Young Master Huang possesses a high-grade spiritual root and a nine-level cultivation of Qi Refining, and is the manager of this square city.

His status is naturally superior to others.

After chatting for a while, it was already dark.

Huang Yu glanced at Lu Changan next to him, then got up and left.

Before leaving, he handed a letter to Mu Xiuyun.

Until Huang Yu left, the smile on Mu Xiuyun's face disappeared.

After opening the letter and quickly scanning it, a cold star flashed in his star pupils.

She handed the letter to Lu Changan again.

Lu Changan was stunned for a moment, he didn't expect that the eldest lady would not shy away from her privacy.

After reading the letter, Lu Changan was stunned.

Huang Yu said in the letter that since seeing Mu Xiuyun last time, he has never thought of tea or food. He is willing to downgrade his current wife to an ordinary wife and marry Mu Xiuyun back home.

If Mu Xiuyun agrees, three shops and five caves in Fangshi will be the dowry gift.

"It may not be that simple."

Lu Changan thought for a while, then smiled.

Fortunately, Young Master Huang didn't intend to pester her, and she didn't come here for a long time.

That letter seemed to be just a joke.


The market is newly opened, and the business of the major shops is not very good.

Lu Chang'an, the chief talisman master, was also happy to take time off, taking care of his apprentices in his spare time.

Due to the existence of many spiritual bamboos in Zhuye Mountain, it has a bonus to wood-type skills.

The aura environment where the store is located is equivalent to a first-order spiritual vein, and Lu Changan's cultivation efficiency here is a bit higher than that of Feiyue Villa.

This gives him more free time every day, and sometimes goes to Fangshi to drink tea and drink.

During this period, a Goulan place opened in Fangshi.

But Lu Changan hadn't been there.

In the blink of an eye, more than half a year has passed.

The business of Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop gradually started to pick up.


		