

three months later.

Lu Changan sat cross-legged and let out a long breath.

After actual measurement, taking the elixir really increases mana a bit faster.

But the increase is limited by the energy of the years absorbed by the Evergreen Kung Fu.

Once a certain "threshold" is exceeded, adding more Yangqi Pills will have no effect.

Years cycle, day and night, year round.

This doesn't change with potions.

At least, ordinary pills won't work.

"However, the pill has greatly saved my time in meditation."

Lu Changan came to a conclusion.

Now, it is enough for him to meditate for one or two hours a day.

In this way, there is a lot of free time.

Lu Changan considered whether he should take care of some side jobs in some time-consuming fields in the future.

For example, studying talisman art, learning alchemy, practicing body training and so on.

Or, pick up some hobbies.

"Let's get rid of the situation of relying on others first."


get out of the house.

Lu Changan saw a letter at the gatehouse in the courtyard.

Signed Lin Yi.

Lu Changan opened the envelope.

Lin Yi said in the letter: After the last farewell, he and Zhang Tieshan went to that haunted house to kill the ghosts, captured and killed the ghosts without any danger.

The materials left by the ghosts, as well as the spiritual objects in the hiding place, are worth more than a hundred spirit stones.

Zhang Tieshan was very angry, and divided 40% of the spoils of Yi Lam.

At the end of the letter, I regretted that Lu Changan did not participate, otherwise not only would I have a harvest, but I would also be able to make friends with a sect disciple with good potential.

After reading the letter, Lu Changan smiled.

The letter sent by Edward Lam may not be without the intention of showing off, complaining that he did not sell his account last time.

Lu Changan neither regretted nor envied.

Taking out the pen and paper, he wrote back to Edward Lam, congratulating him on his opportunity, and chatting about homework.

"May the immortality be evergreen."

At the end of the letter, I left a blessing, full of positive energy.


A few days later, it was the middle of the month.

It is the monthly trade fair held by Feiyue Villa again.

Lu Changan came to Jiuyue Building for the second time.

This time, he sold the basic talismans he refined.

It's more about showing than selling.

Being able to refine basic talismans means that you are already a talisman apprentice.

Although only one spirit stone was sold for the three basic talismans.

But Lu Changan's identity as a talisman making apprentice has already been known by the interested monks of the Mu family.

"The young lady of the Mu family is not here this time."

The purpose of Lu Changan's display was to convey information to the core figures of the Mu family.

In this way, it is logical to become a Tier 1 talisman master in the future.

The tools and materials he used to draw the talisman were bought from Mu Xiuyun, who was the key witness.

Of course, it doesn't matter if Mu Xiuyun isn't there.

As long as he becomes a Tier 1 talisman master, there are traces to follow.

"Master Lu, Missy wants to see you."

After Lu Changan bought some talisman refining materials, he just walked out of the Jiuyue Building when a maid came after him.

The response is fast!

Lu Changan remained calm, followed the servant girl into the backyard of Jiuyue Building.

A girl in a green long dress, as gentle as jade, is taking care of flowers.

From the side, you can see Mu Xiuyun's black eyebrows like a distant mountain, a typical oriental beauty.

"Can you draw basic talismans? How sure are you?"

Like the sound of a clear spring in the mountains, Mu Xiuyun's clear and beautiful eyes fell towards Lu Changan.

"Basic talismans, the success rate is 60%."

Lu Changan was not overly modest.

Basic talismans, anyone with a good talent for drawing talismans can easily get started.

"Sixty percent?"

Without asking any further questions, Mu Xiuyun took out a set of talisman materials and placed them on the table.

Signaled to Lu Changan to show.

Lu Changan was also polite, picked up the talisman pen, adjusted the cinnabar, and drew three basic talismans in a row.

Two succeeded and one failed.

With the attainments of a third-tier talisman master in Lu Changan's previous life, it is naturally easy to deceive a first-tier talisman master.

Mu Xiuyun nodded: "The talent is good."

"By the way, I almost succeeded in refining the first-order low-grade talisman last time."

Lu Changan seemed to have some regrets to add.

"First-order talisman, you almost succeeded?"

Mu Xiuyun couldn't help being moved, her starry eyes seemed to be glowing.

"Well, just a little bit."

"Draw a picture and let me see."

"it is good."

Lu Changan picked up the talisman pen again.

Mu Xiuyun moved lightly with her lotus steps, watching from his side, her black hair fluttered and her sleeves filled with a faint fragrance.

laugh!

When Lu Changan drew seventy-eight out of ten of this first-order talisman, the inspiration suddenly stopped, and a wisp of green smoke rose from the talisman paper.

"The magic power is not accurate enough, and the successor is weak."

Mu Xiuyun commented.

"Thank you, miss, for your advice." Lu Changan looked flattered.

"This "Nine Essentials of the Talisman" is given to you. Go back and study it carefully. If you don't understand anything, you can ask me."

Mu Xiuyun took out a book from the storage bag.

Lu Changan accepted the kindness and thanked him again.

"By the way, miss. If I become a Tier 1 talisman master, can I practice freely in Mu's family and study the way of talisman without marrying a wife and having children."

Before leaving, Lu Changan explained clearly.

He felt that Miss Mu's family was a nice person, elegant and beautiful, gentle and considerate, and seemed to really want to cultivate himself on the way of talisman.

Mu Xiuyun showed a little surprise, and pondered: "When you become a first-rank talisman master, I will help you speak in front of father."

"Miss Lao." Lu Changan cupped his hands and left.

Looking at his back.

Mu Xiuyun thought for a moment, her red lips pursed slightly:

"Even without me, the Mu family will have a good leader in Fu Shiyi in the future."


After Lu Changan went back, he didn't intend to ask Mu Xiuyun for advice.

Although doing so, it would be more reasonable and reasonable to become a Tier 1 talisman master later, and it would also bring the relationship with the young lady closer.

"If it's not necessary, it's best not to deal with a beauty like Mu Xiuyun."

Lu Chang'an understands the truth that a beauty is a disaster.

A foreigner in the early stage of Qi refining, if he gets close to the eldest lady, it will only lead to trouble.


half year later.

Lu Changan, who was meditating with his eyes closed, suddenly looked towards the courtyard next door, sensing unstable mana fluctuations.

"This kid! Marrying a wife and having a baby, you haven't lost much in your practice."

Lu Changan said to himself.

In the other courtyard next door, Li Ergou was the first to be promoted to the third level of Qi Refining.

Li Ergou's mind is simple, and he has the rewards and resources from the Mu family to cultivate, so his cultivation is relatively smooth.

The "Tuyan Jing" cultivated by Ergou is not outstanding, but as long as he practices steadily and has enough resources, he can improve quickly.

After a few days.

After consolidating his realm, Li Ergou happily came to visit.

Lu Chang'an placed the "retreat card" in advance, which made Li Ergou return in a disappointment, and had no place to worry.

"All in all, it's been almost four years since I came to Mu's house."

In the room, Lu Changan's mood was as calm as water, and a little impetuousness disappeared with the wind.

It didn't fluctuate because Ergou surpassed him.

"It's worthy of cultivating one's sentiments and cultivating one's health."

State of mind is very important in the middle and late stages of cultivating immortals.

The Evergreen Kung Fu has a bonus in this aspect, which is commendable, and it may be helpful to the heart demon tribulation in the Nascent Soul stage in the future.


one year later.

Accompanied by the aura of time, the evergreen mana in Lu Changan's body glowed with verdant verdure.

"Five years, three layers of Qi refining!"

Lu Changan's heart fluctuated slightly, and then became calm as still water.

In five years, from the first level of Qi refining to the third level of Qi refining, it is considered normal for ordinary low-grade spiritual roots.

But compared to the triumphant progress of the previous life, it is far behind.

There is another important factor.

That's age!

Lu Changan is now twenty-three years old, two years older than Li Ergou, and three years older than Zhao Siyao.

Zhao Siyao might have stepped into the fifth level of Qi Refining at this time.

"A 23-year-old Qi training third level, based on common sense, has limited future potential."

"But I practice the "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kungfu". In the early stage of Qi training, my lifespan will be extended by 20 years, and I will have a lifespan of 140 years. In the later stage of Qi training, my lifespan will reach 180 years."

Perhaps because the kung fu method absorbs the spirit of time, Lu Changan can perceive his own longevity.

Compared with one hundred and eighty years.

Twenty-three years old is still a youth, and the future is long.

Boo!

Lu Changan stretched out his fingers to draw a water mirror. The young man in the mirror had a fair, handsome and gentle face, and his eyes were as black as ink.

Paired with a white suit, there is a kind of temperament that is unparalleled in the world.

The calluses on the palms of the martial arts practitioners no longer exist.

"Is it the beauty-preserving effect of the Evergreen Kungfu, or is it because of the increase in lifespan?"

Lu Changan's skin is almost the same as it was five years ago, but his skin is more delicate.

He silently operated the Evergreen Kungfu, and a rotten wood-like breath filled his whole body, making his "jade quality" no longer conspicuous.

Consolidate the realm, after exiting the customs.

Lu Changan's first thing is to sell first-order talismans!

Three levels of qi training, first level talisman master!

At first, the Mu family members were skeptical.

Not long after, under Mu Xiuyun's own inspection, Lu Changan successfully refined a first-order fire bomb talisman.

Lu Changan's status as a first-rank talisman master was officially confirmed.


"That kid... has become a Tier 1 talisman master?"

On Yuexin Island, in a quiet room, Mu Maode, who was sitting cross-legged, looked at the note in his hand, feeling somewhat unexpected.

Seeing that, the five-year contract with Lu Changan expired.

Mu Maode is about to put pressure on Lu Changan to marry a wife and have children in Mu's house.

Unexpectedly, Lu Chang'an has now become a talisman master, disrupting his arrangements.

Fu Dao, although not as good as alchemy and weapon refining, ranks high among all the arts of cultivating immortals.

A Tier 1 talisman master in his twenties is a rare talent, enough for the Mu family to offer an olive branch.

Mu Maode felt a headache, how to arrange Lu Changan?


		