

"Since you can refine the high-quality cold wind talisman, as long as you work harder, the 'Frostfall' is not without a chance."

Zhou Qingxuan frowned, and stared at Lu Changan with bright and vivid eyes, as if she wanted to give some kind of pressure.

If it was an ordinary monk, facing Zhou Qingxuan with a terrifying background, he might have to be terrified at this moment.

After all, she is the beloved granddaughter of Daoist Dan Dan, even if Mu Renlong, who established the foundation of the Mu family, is here in person, he should be polite.

"Miss Zhou, please be smart." Lu Changan said lightly.

In his previous life, he was the Patriarch Jiedan of the Immortal Cultivation Family, how could he be afraid of this little granddaughter's deceitful prestige.

"Miss Zhou, you don't have to have the Frost's Descent to catch a fire bird in the late stage of the first order."

Mu Xiuyun persuaded softly.

"I'm a beast master. I have to defeat and capture that firebird independently, so that it can be truly awe-inspiring and easy to tame in the future. Frostfall is the best choice, and it won't cause harm to it."

Zhou Qingxuan twisted in place, biting her pink lips tightly with her white teeth, as if she would not give up until she reached her goal.

Lu Chang'an thought to himself, this little girl pursues perfection, and she wants to capture the fire bird by herself, she can't get help, and she can't hurt the target.

From this point of view, Frost's Descent is indeed very suitable, with restrained attributes and strong control ability.

For this little girl to attach so much importance to it, the bloodline of that fire bird is probably not low, at least it is a high-grade bloodline.

"Master Lu, are you really unwilling to help me with this?"

Seeing that Lu Changan was indifferent, Zhou Qingxuan wrinkled her nose, leaned forward with a delicate and flawless face, and took a light breath.

Less than half a foot away, came the girl's breath and body fragrance, which were as light as a lotus.

Lu Changan felt strange in his heart, could it be that this little girl is still playing tricks?

He is twice as old as the other party.

If she got married as early as Ergou, Zhou Qingxuan would probably be the same age as her daughter.

The idea just came up.

Zhou Qingxuan's pretty eyes turned, a hint of cunning flashed across her face, her pink lips squirmed, and she sneered and said:

"I never thought that Lu Fushi would like monsters like rock rats?"

Hearing this, Lu Changan's heart skipped a beat, and he didn't dare to underestimate this woman.

As expected of Zhou Qingxuan's excellent talent for controlling beasts, he leaned closer to inhale just now, not for any ambiguity, but to confirm through the smell that he has raised a ground rock mouse.

This ground rock rat is the spoil of war for killing Ge Danshi.

Danshi Ge received the support of the beast-monitoring card from Zheng Yuanhua.

The ultimate source comes from the Beastmaster Zhou family!

"If my girl remembers correctly, my Zhou family doesn't seem to have sold rock rats to your Mu family. Oh, your surname is Lu, so you may not be from the Mu family."

Zhou Qingxuan's lips twitched, and her smile deepened, as if she had caught Lu Changan's handle.

Lu Changan's complexion changed slightly, but he was not panicked.

It is true that the spirit beasts of the middle-grade blood correspond to the middle-grade spiritual roots of the monks, and their value is not low. The Zhou family strictly controls and records every one they sell.

But as long as more than one or two rock mice are sold, it is difficult to judge accurately.

Moreover, there are opportunities to obtain rock rats from other sources.

"What does Miss Zhou want?"

Lu Changan remained expressionless, and took a step back to keep a distance from Zhou Qingxuan.

He has nothing to worry about, and he can run away at any time if he can't be provoked, so he won't be coerced.

"Master Lu, if you can practice the 'Frostfall' I need, I promise to owe you a favor."

Zhou Qingxuan smiled, innocent and playful.

Lu Changan understood, this is called kindness and power.

There are such means at such a young age.

Of course, the ultimate goal is to let Lu Changan do his best to refine talismans obediently.

Hearing the favor promised by Zhou Qingxuan, Mu Xiuyun who was present, and shopkeeper Xu of Nishang Pavilion couldn't help being surprised and moved.

The favor of the fake Dan real person doting on his granddaughter is not small.

Based on Zhou Qingxuan's spiritual root talent and background, it can be predicted that he will be at least a powerful beast master in the foundation establishment period in the future.

"Give me ten cold quality talisman papers, I can only try, success is not guaranteed."

Lu Changan sighed, as if he had to accept it.

Cold talisman paper is a non-universal talisman paper, made of monster skin and spirit wood with corresponding attributes.

Its price is often more than twice that of general-purpose talisman paper, and the probability of becoming a talisman has a small bonus.

"Cold quality talisman paper? Good! I'll give you twenty pieces. If you can refine four pieces, I'll give you this first-level magic weapon talisman pen."

Zhou Qingxuan smiled, took out the talisman paper and handed over a fine white talisman pen.

Lu Changan was stunned for a moment, and took the talisman paper and talisman pen.

It seems that from the beginning to the end, he was dominated by the genius granddaughter of the Zhou family.

But who would have known that there was a ready-made Frost Fall Talisman in Lu Changan's storage bag.

This is the resources and favors delivered to your door.

The talisman pen that Zhou Qingxuan promised is a high-quality one in the first order, better than what Lu Changan currently uses.

"I can only do my best." Lu Changan cupped his hands.

"I'll give you six days."

After Zhou Qingxuan finished speaking, she waved her hair and left with the old servant.

"Are you sure?"

Mu Xiuyun came to him, her voice was soft and soft, and her sleeves were full of fragrance.

Facing her expectant gaze, Lu Chang'an murmured, "With the addition of this talisman pen and the cold talisman paper, I'm sure of 20-30%."


Six days passed by in a blink of an eye.

Zhou Qingxuan came to Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop as scheduled and sat in the living room at the back of the first floor.

"Miss Zhou, this is the Frostfall you need. I'm sorry, Mr. Lu is not skilled enough to draw three pictures. Please take back this talisman pen, Miss Zhou."

Lu Changan looked a little ashamed.

He wouldn't be so stupid as to really draw four Frost's Falls just for one talisman pen.

Given three cards, it should be able to reach the opponent's psychological bottom line.

If it is drawn into four sheets, for a talisman of the difficulty of Frost's Fall, it is almost comparable to a first-rank top-rank talisman master.

"Forget it, you can accept this talisman pen."

Zhou Qingxuan couldn't see satisfaction or disappointment on his face.

Taking one last look at Lu Changan, he took the talisman and left.

Lu Changan withdrew the talisman pen and pursed his lips slightly. As the other party, this result was as expected.

Mu Xiuyun smiled happily. Although she didn't complete the goal of four cards, she basically satisfied Zhou Qingxuan.

"Master Lu Fu, congratulations. It is enviable to be favored by the genius granddaughter of the Zhou family."

As soon as Zhou Qingxuan left, shopkeeper Xu from the next door came over to congratulate her with a smile, as if he was not sure and meant to test.

"It's a fluke." Lu Changan said modestly, it's not easy to hide this matter.

Getting a favor from the proud daughter of the Zhou family is enough to make people envious.

What's more, those few pictures of Frost's Fall were drawn, and a lot of material was collected.

Lu Changan was in a very happy mood.


In the next few months, the flow of people in Fangshi rose steadily.

The Spirit Talisman Shop, which has just opened for a year, has started to make steady profits.

Although the profit is not much.

The store was bought by the Mu family at a low price, and there is no need for rent, but the cost of holding and the management fee of the market must be considered.

The management fee of the square city is used for formation maintenance and monks who patrol and enforce the law.

Lu Changan's life is still very leisurely.

On the one hand, the wood aura in Zhuye Mountain is very strong, and it only takes one and a half hours to practice every day.

On the other hand, apprentice Mu Shan can draw simple first-order talismans, and Mu Ershun can also draw some basic talismans.

Lu Changan won't be practicing penance upstairs all the time.

I often go to teahouses and restaurants in Fangshi to drink tea and wine.

On such occasions, gathering monks from all over the world will often bring some news.

Shopkeeper Xu of Nishang Pavilion would drink tea with Lu Changan from time to time, chatting all over the world.

The identities and backgrounds of the various characters in this opposite city are well known.

"Have you heard that, some time ago, there were a few casual Qi practitioners who died at the hands of Jiexiu."

"What happened to Zhuyeshanfang City? It has only been open for a year, and there have been several vicious incidents of killing and seizing treasures outside."

In the wine shop, several loose cultivators said angrily.

"Jiexiu?" Lu Changan pondered.

Killing and seizing treasures is not necessarily done by a full-time robber.

In Fangshi, any profession may make a temporary guest appearance.

With the popularity of Fangshi, it is normal for Jiexiu to appear. The patrolling monks in the square city can only maintain the safety of the square city and near the gate at best.

"Master Lu doesn't have to worry about robbery. Have you heard that anyone who runs a shop in our city has been robbed?"

Shopkeeper Xu poured a glass of wine, and the old god was there.

"That's true." Lu Changan smiled, admitting this.

Jiexiu is mostly a persimmon that is soft.

Most of the shops in Fangshi have background influence. Either the cultivation base is good, or many people go out together.

Jiexiu basically picks loose Xiu to start, not daring to provoke these powerful merchants easily.

"Lu Chang'an, my young master invites you to go over and talk."

While the two were chatting, a servant came over and said in a low voice.

"Your son?" Lu Changan looked at the boy, who had a third-level Qi Refining cultivation.

Shopkeeper Xu reminded via sound transmission: "Master Lu Fu, this is Young Master Huang's men running errands."

Young Master Huang?

Lu Changan remembered that a year ago, when Huang Yu visited the newly opened Mu's Spirit Talisman Shop, he treated himself as a passer-by and didn't even ask for his name.

I don't want to invite myself today.

Shopkeeper Xu's face was solemn, and he said via voice transmission:

"Young Master Huang is one of the administrators of Fang City, second only to Patriarch Zhuji who sits in the town. You'd better go there, don't offend this one."


		