

"You are only allowed to poison, so Lu can't use it?"

Lu Changan, who succeeded in one blow, couldn't help but smile.

Ge Yi has always been wary of him fighting in close quarters, never expecting a hidden weapon.

The needle light just now is a complete set of magical tools [Qiqiao Needle] he bought in Jiuyuelou.

As a low-grade magic weapon, a single needle of [Seven Skillful Needles] has limited power unless it hits a vital point.

Therefore, Lu Changan poisoned all seven needles.

What's more regrettable is that Lu Chang'an has been staying in Mu's house, and the trading of materials is limited, so he can only produce mixed common poisons.

The power of the poison was far inferior to Ge Yi's Corrosion Marrow Powder.

However, the damage from the poisonous needle was enough to reduce Ge Yi's strength.

"Sinister and clumsy junior! Mu Maode reuses you, and there will be a day when you will come back."

Ge Yi shouted angrily, and quickly withdrew the shuttle.

The legs and feet are poisoned, and it is inconvenient to move.

He tried to fly with the imperial weapon to distance himself from Lu Changan.

"Leave!"

How could Lu Chang'an let Ge Yi Ruyi, the enemies he had formed should not be easily let go.

Put away the medium-grade magic weapon [Rock Shield].

With the blessing of the wind speed talisman, he is as fast as a gust of wind, and he controls [Seven Skillful Needles] to pursue.

He sacrificed another low-grade magic weapon, Wujin Dao.

The two attacking weapons, the continuous offensive, entangled Ge Yi to prevent him from flying into the air.

Another [Cold Wind Talisman] was thrown out.

A piece of frost wind blows away, the power is not strong, and it has the effect of slowing down.

On the other side, the pale-faced Mu Xiuyun manipulated the silver ruler, entangled the magic weapon of the black net, and threw out a talisman from time to time.

Both Lu Changan and Mu Xiuyun are talisman masters, and they have quite a few middle and low-grade talismans.

As for the top-grade talismans.

Mu Xiuyun's refining efficiency is low, but the cost is high, and it is mostly used on the front line. She only had one attack and one defense left on her, and they were all used up just now.

Naturally, Lu Chang'an also has high-grade talismans, but he has a little reservation.

"Bastard! Two talisman masters, endless!"

Such an intensive offensive made Ge Yi miserable.

If he is in a state of complete victory, relying on his cultivation base and magic weapon advantages, he can consume slowly, and the chance of winning is not low.

But because of poisoning, his strength has declined, and his legs and feet are inconvenient, so he suffers a bit.

Near the Mu family's residence, there is only one dead end.

Thus, such a scene appeared.

An old man in ancient robes with limping legs and swollen eyes was being chased and beaten by a man and a woman, roaring endlessly.

"Help me—"

Ge Yi struggled to suffer a few minor injuries, and ran to the entrance of the medicine garden, shouting loudly.

Hearing this, the expressions of Lu Chang'an and the others changed drastically.

Could it be that Ge Yi still has someone to support him?

"puff!"

At this time, Mu Xiuyun spat out a mouthful of purple and black blood, brown spots appeared on her snowy face, her delicate body suddenly softened, and she was about to fall down.

"Are you OK?"

With a flash, Lu Changan put his arms around Mu Xiuyun.

After taking a pulse, I found that Mu Xiuyun's mana was empty, and the poison broke out.

Thanks to the sachet on Mu Xiuyun's waist, most of the poison was cut off. Otherwise, if it was an ordinary sixth level of Qi training, he would have been poisoned and died long ago.

Lu Changan injected a trace of evergreen mana to relieve Mu Xiuyun.

suddenly.

There was a sound of breaking through the air from the mountains in front, accompanied by a powerful fluctuation of mana.

"Ge Danshi, with the help of 'Erosion Essence Powder' and 'Earth Rock Rat', can't even solve the two little babies?"

A dissatisfied male voice came.

The speaker is a middle-aged man with a full heaven and a mountain crown on his head.

"Elder Zheng, the old man is careless. And that kid is really unusual..."

Ge Yi smiled bitterly, and at the same time breathed a sigh of relief.

"Ninth level of Qi refining!" Lu Changan felt awe-inspiring, sensing the mana fluctuations of the middle-aged man in Gao Shanguan.

"Elder Zheng's family... Zheng Yuanhua, run!"

Mu Xiuyun recognized the identity of the person, her face was full of despair, and her body was icy cold.

Needless to say, Lu Chang'an activated a high-grade divine movement talisman, and ran across at an astonishing speed.

"Holding a woman, if you let you run away, it would be ridiculous and generous."

Zheng Yuanhua stood with his hands behind his back, sneered, took out a flying boat, and asked Ge Yi to come up together.

Ge Yi looked overjoyed, the flying boat was a special flying weapon, and its speed was far faster than ordinary magic weapons.

The two of Lu Chang'an will never escape!

Zheng Yuanhua pinched the formula and was about to start the flying boat when his body suddenly stopped, and he looked sideways with a feeling.

"How bold! It's useless to treat me as the Mu family."

Half a mile away, a male voice full of evil spirits came.

"Muren Long? Why did you come so fast!"

Zheng Yuanhua's face was serious, and his brows were slightly wrinkled.

Earlier, he also saw the signal symbol in the medicine garden.

But Feiyue Mountain Villa is more than two hundred miles away from the medicine garden, and the flying speed during the Qi refining period cannot be so fast.

As for the foundation-building ancestors.

He knew the exact news that the ancestors of the two clans were confronting each other on the front line recently, and they were not at the station.

Therefore, Zheng Yuanhua dared to carry out such a bold plan and came to the medicine garden alone to meet Ge Yi.

"Pill Master Ge, I will block Mu Renlong. I will give you 60 breaths to take the flying boat to kill the daughter of the Mu family, so you don't need to keep alive!"

Zheng Yuanhua's mind raced and he made a decision immediately.

The duck in hand can't run away naturally.

Today, he wants to snatch food from the tiger's mouth!

"Elder Zheng, don't worry! There's only that kid left, so it's not difficult to solve."

Ge Yimu showed murderous intent, took a detoxification pill, and chased him away in a flying boat.

After counting interest.

A tall man in black robe with falcon-like eyes chased him in a blue flying boat.

"Mu Renlong, it's been a long time since you've played against each other, let me see if your "Lei Ze Gong" has improved."

Zheng Yuanhua raised his palm, a piece of yellow sand rolled up, and the wind howled.

"you wanna die--"

Murenlong's face was full of evil spirits, and he looked in the direction of Lu Chang'an and the two of them unwillingly, and a deep water ball flickering with electric light gathered in the palm of his hand.


Among the mountains and rivers, Lu Changan hugged Mu Xiuyun, and under the blessing of the Divine Walking Talisman, he walked quickly.

It is not easy to catch up in the late stage of ordinary Qi training.

"Lu Changan, let me go, you are faster and can survive..."

In Mu Xiuyun's arms, her consciousness flickered, and her words were blurred.

Ruyu's cheeks were dotted with brown spots, and her complexion was getting worse and worse.

"Is there only one person chasing?"

Lu Changan glanced back at the flying boat in the sky behind him, and silently cut off the connection with the Jiuyin Monument.

"Miss, you rest first."

Lu Changan stretched out a hand and covered Mu Xiuyun's forehead.

The Changqing Gong was running, a kind of calming power, which made Mu Xiuyun feel extremely comfortable, and immediately fell asleep.

"Lu Changan, let's see where you are going!"

Ge Yi drove the flying boat and approached quickly.

He is full of energy, the poisonous injuries on his body are basically stable, and he can display 90% of his combat power.

Lu Changan calmly observed the terrain and found a river.

His eyes lit up, he carried Mu Xiuyun to the river, and placed her on a rock.

After doing this, he turned around and waited by the river.

"Haha! Why, you found yourself a treasure land of geomantic omen?"

Ge Yi showed a playful smile.

In fact, he was secretly vigilant because he couldn't understand Lu Changan's behavior.

"Old Ge is really smart."

Lu Changan gave a half-smile and a compliment.

"Die!"

Ge Yi only has 60 breaths, half of it is over now, so he dare not delay.

call!

That dense black net rolled up a whirl of gray, exuding an aura of sinking spirits, covering Lu Changan's head.

Lu Changan had seen the power of this special magic weapon before, so he didn't dare to take it lightly.

Raised the [Rock Shield], a shield that swelled like a stone wall, blocking most of the black net's power from the front.

As for the power in the black net that affects the mind, it has little effect on Lu Changan.

"cut!"

Ge Yi shot with all his strength, and then sacrificed the flying shuttle, a middle-grade magic weapon, which turned into a ray of cold light, ready to spare the front of the [Rock Shield], and cut towards Lu Changan from behind.

At the same time Ge Yi sacrificed the flying shuttle.

Lu Changan also made a move, and a talisman with faint golden patterns appeared in his palm.

Gently.

The golden-patterned talisman exudes a sharp air.

"That is……"

Ge Yi felt a trembling breath.

I just felt a golden light flash in front of my eyes.

next moment.

His field of vision suddenly flipped and he fell from the air.

He saw the blood-stained airship and a headless corpse on the airship.

Behind the headless corpse.

A golden sword light about Zhang Xu long across the sky.

"I……"

With consternation and fear, Ge Yi's consciousness fell into endless darkness.

"[Golden Knife Talisman], my unique talisman, this life will bring you back to heaven."

Lu Changan's calm state of mind was filled with a tinge of pride.

After Ge Yi was beheaded with a single knife.

The black net and the magic weapon of the shuttle lost control and fell to the ground.

And that leaf flying boat.

Lu Changan quickly collected a few magic weapons, and then searched the storage bag on Ge Yi's body.

Clear the field to make sure nothing is missing.

Lu Changan placed Ge Yi's body by the river, and a fireball ignited it.

To be burned almost.

A kick into the fast-flowing river.

The few traces by the river were quickly washed away by the waves, as if nothing had happened.

"That's right! This is the geomantic treasure land I chose for you, so it's easy to destroy corpses and traces!"


		