

The past few years.

Lu Changan noticed that Guan Lao wanted to entrust the female apprentice to him.

He once expressed euphemistically: he is determined to practice, at least he has no plans to marry a wife and have children before the establishment of the foundation.

"Changan, you have been cultivating alone all year round. Even if you don't marry a wife and have children, you still need a maid and concubine to take care of you and help you take care of your life."

Guan Lao smiled, and his words at this time were almost explicit.

Over the years, Lu Chang'an's talent, character, and conduct have been recognized by Guan Lao, especially with the sect's foundation-building friends behind him.

Guan Lao knew that Guan Qiaozhi was not good enough for Lu Changan.

If he went to be a concubine, it would be enough for him to feel at ease.

Compared with the greedy and lustful Dewey.

Lu Changan, who knows everything, is too reliable, and I believe he will not treat his female apprentice badly.

The status of a concubine is not high, but at Lu Changan's side, at least there is no need to compete for favor.

"Junior Sister Qiaozhi is beautiful and intelligent, with a clever mind and hand, if she were to be a maidservant, she would be wronged."

Lu Changan did not directly refuse.

Guan Lao is his celestial guide, and if he can take care of him, he understands a cause and effect.

Guan Qiaozhi is very caring and good at cooking. Coming here to take care of housework and feed pets can improve Lu Changan's quality of life.

Moreover, Guan Qiaozhi's ingenious talent, good at making talisman paper, also has an effect on Lu Changan.

"Old Guan has to think carefully."

With a solemn tone, Lu Changan proposed again:

"Actually, there is another way: I can recommend Qiaozhi to Feiyuehu Mu's family. She has spiritual root qualifications and craftsmanship, and it is not difficult to live and work in peace."

"Trouble Master Lu Fu for advice, we need to ask Qiao Zhi for advice on this matter."

Guan Lao nodded, very pleased.

Whether the female apprentice is entrusted to Lu Changan or to Mu's house in Feiyue Lake, it is a more reliable choice.


A few days later, Lu Changan was invited to visit Dewey's residence again.

Dewey hosted a banquet, and the ingredients cost dozens of Lingshi, which was very enthusiastic.

"Fellow Daoist Lu is actually good friends with Jin Yungu's 'Black Iron Face'?"

Dewey said quite unexpectedly.

"Black Iron Skin" is Zhang Tieshan's nickname.

Because in the Law Enforcement Hall of the Zongmen, they are ruthless and ruthless towards those who violate the rules of the sect, and they have this reputation.

In addition, Zhang Tieshan's combat skills are powerful, and he has captured and killed many wanted evil cultivators, even in Huanglong Immortal City.

"Haha! I have an average relationship with Zhang Tieshan, and the real Zongmen Foundation Establishment friend is another one."

Lu Changan denied it.

It is okay to have a private friendship with Zhang Tieshan.

This person probably has made a lot of enemies outside, so it's best not to claim to be on good terms with him.

In addition, as a low-grade spiritual root, Zhang Tieshan's aptitude is much worse than Zhao Siyao's, and his advantage is his strong will.

Coupled with his strong combat skills and steadily entering the foundation building period, Lu Changan guessed that Zhang Tieshan might have a chance.

"By the way, fellow Daoist Su next door, when are you going to find Alchemist Hua to make alchemy?"

Lu Changan changed the subject.

Three years ago, the introduction of Danshi Hua was released as a pigeon.

About a year later, De Wei found another opportunity to take Lu Changan and Su Yuetong to meet with Hua Danshi.

The second time, I finally met Alchemy Hua.

At that time, Lu Changan presented a 200-year-old medicinal herb, including a few top-ranked high-quality talismans, and he was familiar with Alchemist Hua.

Su Yuetong's gift was even more expensive.

Although you can't see what's in the gift box, it can be seen from Alchemist Hua's kind smile,

Su Yuetong obviously impressed alchemist Hua, if the materials are collected, alchemy should be possible.

"It took about two years to start alchemy." Dewey speculated.

"At that time, I hope Brother Du will take me there to gain some insight. Maybe the next time we start alchemy, Lu will be a participant."

Lu Changan offered a toast to Dewey.

Su Yuetong and others crowdfunded materials for alchemy, so they must go to the scene, otherwise the alchemy will be too poor, who knows if the alchemist swallowed up the materials.

Lu Chang'an wanted to go and observe, mainly to see how skilled Hua Danshi was and whether his character was reliable.

The word-of-mouth rumors from outside cannot be trusted.

"It's easy to say! I'll take you with me when the time comes."

Dewey drank a glass happily.

Before parting, he smiled and asked in a low voice:

"Fellow Daoist Lu, have you sorted out the rest of the alchemy inheritance?"

"Oh, I sorted out half of the rest. If Brother Du is in a hurry, I'll give it to you now."

After Lu Changan finished speaking, he handed over a jade tube.

Before that, the half of the inheritance he gave to Dewey was mainly about first-order alchemy.

The remaining half is the content of second-order alchemy.

Now.

Lu Changan cut the remaining half in half, and gave a quarter to Dewey as a present.

The last remaining quarter is naturally the essence, which is still in Lu Changan's hands.

It's not out of the question to cut another eighth if necessary.

"Brother Lu has a heart."

Dewey's face twitched slightly, and he sent Lu Changan out of the gate with a smile on his face.


Two years passed by in a blink of an eye.

Lu Changan is fifty-five years old.

His alchemy skills have finally reached the top-grade level.

Compared with Dewey, there is naturally a big gap between Ge Danshi back then.

However, he can at least save his capital by refining several first-level top-grade pills.

Lu Changan's alchemy talent was mediocre.

This progress can be made by having a lot of spare time and slowly simmering for a long time.

A powerful spiritual consciousness also has a bonus for this.

Except alchemy.

Lu Changan's "Cloud Sand Body Refining Jue" reached the limit of the third layer, faintly touched the fourth layer, and encountered a bottleneck.

The fourth layer of Body Refining Jue corresponds to the initial stage of foundation establishment.

In recent years, Lu Changan has purchased a small amount of second-order spiritual sandstone.

"Master Lu, come to my house quickly!"

Lu Changan was playing with the black water turtle in the courtyard, when a sound transmission talisman flew in, and Dewey's voice was heard.

"Could it be?"

Lu Changan's heart moved, he put away his spiritual pet, and left Shuiyueju.


Stay loyal.

Lu Chang'an had just entered De Wei's residence when he saw Su Yuetong who arrived almost at the same time.

This time, Su Yuetong was not alone.

Beside him was a sallow-faced Qi-refining ninth-floor tall and thin man.

Lu Changan sensed that this person had reached the limit of the ninth level of Qi refining, no matter his cultivation base or his spiritual consciousness, surpassing many of his peers.

"This is my Taoist companion, Nie Xiang."

Su Yuetong gave a brief introduction.

The tall and thin man "Nie Xiang" was silent, he nodded and glanced at Lu Changan.

This person's eyes are as calm as a dead lake.

Lu Changan faintly felt an evil spirit.

Huanglong Fairy City is adjacent to the Black Mist Mountains, and the surrounding area is relatively chaotic. Those who can cultivate to the peak of the ninth level of Qi refining are definitely not the kind of people. Most of them have experienced killings, and it is normal to have evil spirits.

"Fellow daoists are all here, follow me to Master's mansion."

Without any nonsense, Dewey set off with the three of them.


Not long after, a group of four flew to Huanglongfang at the foot of Huanglong Mountain.

From time to time, there is the atmosphere of foundation-building monks here, and the few of them are cautious when flying.

Lu Chang'an entered Hua Danshi's mansion for the third time.

This time, Dewey did not notify, and directly led the three of them to the alchemy hall behind the mansion.

In the courtyard in front of the alchemy hall.

In addition to Lu Changan and his party, two groups of people came, totaling five or six people.

These two groups of people both have the leader of the peak of the ninth level of Qi Refining.

They are a plump and beautiful woman over forty years old, and a handsome young man in long gown.

During the conversation, they were called Mrs. Liu and Mr. Zhou.

Mrs. Liu was recommended by another disciple of Master Hua.

Mr. Zhou contacted Alchemist Hua through other channels.

At this time, a thin old man with white hair and childlike face walked out of the alchemy hall, with the aura of mana on his body, he seemed to be a monk in the foundation establishment period.

"Master Hua."

All the cultivators present bowed their hands in salute.

"Take out your materials, this old man will check them."

Alchemist Hua swept away his consciousness, and nodded at the leaders of the three parties.

Mr. Zhou, Mrs. Liu, and Su Yuetong each took out the materials in the storage bags.

Nie Xiang, who was behind Su Yuetong, kept a low profile and said little, leaving all the entertainment to the Taoist companion.

"It's really not easy for Mr. Zhou to get this 300-year-old Xuanling fruit."

When counting the materials, Master Hua praised and commented.

The value of spiritual herbs and medicines is not entirely measured by years.

Ordinary trees, even if they grow for a thousand years, are worth less than ten-year-old panacea.

"Mysterious Spirit Fruit, a second-order spiritual fruit, grows in a harsh environment. It is the most precious main material of the Foundation Establishment Pill. It takes three hundred years to reach the standard."

Relevant information came to Lu Changan's mind.

Mysterious Spirit Fruit is a strategic resource monopolized by great powers. The foundation building pill materials collected by Lu Changan lack such scarce main materials.

"Well, Magic Heart Grass, Moonflower Branches, Eryue Tears..."

Danshi Hua counted the materials provided by Mrs. Liu and Su Yuetong.

Repeat the screening twice to confirm that the refining materials for the Foundation Establishment Pill have been assembled.

"Fellow daoists, before alchemy, this old man should explain it clearly. Since the materials for building foundation pills are hard to find, second-level alchemists who are not of great power are not very proficient in refining foundation building pills."

Hearing this, everyone nodded slightly.

A second-tier alchemist can refine foundation-building pills, but they can't have many opportunities to practice like ordinary pills.

"The number of times I refine the Foundation Establishment Pill is not too many. Normally, I can make two pills; if I perform well, I can make three pills; if I am unlucky, I may only make one."

Master Hua, this is an ugly remark.

He is willing to do the refining, in addition to the due reward, it is also a reason to have more experience in practicing hands.


		