

Lu Chang'an considered whether he should push his hand and not advance to the fourth level of Qi Refining.

Because, most of the young and strong in the mid-stage of gas refining in the clan will be recruited to the frontline mining areas.

But after thinking about it, he didn't plan to keep it.

For one thing, if he is promoted to the mid-stage of Qi refining, his mana will increase significantly, and for Lu Chang'an who has been rebuilt, his strength will increase greatly.

Second, this is also a temptation.

If as a talisman master talent, he would be recruited to the front line, it means that the situation has reached the point of running out of ammunition and food.

If that's the case, there's no need for Lu Changan to stay in Mu's house.

He wants to go with all his heart, and with the means of his previous life and the high-quality talisman, unless he makes a move during the foundation building period, it will be difficult to catch up in the later stage of Qi refining.

After a few days.

Lu Changan successfully broke through the bottleneck and was promoted to the fourth level of Qi Refining.

This is the advantage of rebuilding.

In exchange for ordinary low-grade spiritual roots and middle-grade spiritual roots, without any broken-level elixir, it is normal to stay there for a year or two, and at most three to five years.

Of course, this is the bottleneck of the small realm.

If it is a big bottleneck in the foundation building period, with Lu Changan's aptitude in this life, he has to cooperate with the foundation building pill to be insured.

"Twenty-seven years old, fourth level of Qi Refining."

"From the age of eighteen, it takes two years to reach the second level of Qi Refining; three years to reach the third level of Qi Refining; four years to reach the fourth level of Qi Refining..."

The advancement of Evergreen Kung Fu is really smooth enough.

Before he knew it, Lu Changan had practiced in Mu's family for nine years.

During this period, he practiced in a low-key manner, did not cause trouble, and did not encounter any trouble.

Lu Changan didn't know.

Zheng Feng, the ugly woman of the Zheng family, has been trying to take revenge on him all these years.

But there is no chance at all.

Because, in the past nine years, Lu Changan has never left the Mu family's residence except for the appointment in three years.

Zheng Feng was so anxious that he almost bleeds internally.


When Lu Changan broke through the small realm, there was a change in the spiritual energy of the heaven and earth, but he couldn't hide it from the monks in the medicine garden housing area.

Unless you go out to find a place to break through, you will have the opportunity to hide your cultivation.

"Congratulations, brother Chang'an, advanced to the middle stage of Qi refining."

After leaving the customs, Mu Yunfei was the first to say congratulations.

"Brother Yunfei laughed at me. I am promoted to the fourth level of Qi refining at my age, which is really dull and mediocre."

Lu Changan smiled and said, this is not considered modest.

The twenty-seven-year-old Qi Refining Level 4 has relatively poor potential, and the chance of building a foundation in the future is very small.

Normally speaking, one who is promoted to the late stage of Qi refining before the age of thirty can have a certain hope of building a foundation.

With Lu Changan's current trend, it is obviously impossible to refine the seventh level of Qi before the age of thirty.

However, he has a lifespan of one hundred and eighty years in the Qi training stage, so there is no need to worry.

"Brother Chang'an started late, although the advancement is not fast, but the cultivation base has been improving, which is commendable."

After Mu Yunfei finished speaking, his expression was slightly sad.

Lu Changan could tell that Mu Yunfei had been stranded on the sixth level of Qi Refining for several years, and failed to advance to the later stage of Qi Refining.

Compared to Lu Changan's gradual advancement, this kind of stagnation makes people despair.

"With Brother Yunfei's tenacity, in the future, if you exchange for a broken-level elixir, you will be able to break through the bottleneck."

Lu Changan comforted him.

The broken-rank pills in the late stage of Qi refining are rare in Mu's family, and those who make contributions have to queue up.

In addition, Mu Yunfei lost an arm. Every breakthrough in the future will be more difficult than normal people.


Several days followed.

Lu Changan took a break in the medicine garden.

In the past six months, there have been occasional battles in the frontline mining area, but fortunately there has been no further escalation.

At least, the foundation building period did not end.

The elders of the two clans are also more restrained.

Two months ago, Li Ergou returned to his family to recuperate as an injured number.

Li Ergou's injury is also wonderful.

He broke one leg, but he was not wounded by the enemy, but accidentally broke his leg when he was defeated and evacuated.

The real fighting method caused only flesh and blood injuries.

Half a month ago, Li Ergou specially came to the medicine garden to thank Lu Changan and begged to buy a high-quality wind speed talisman.

As a normal talisman teacher, the probability of producing high-quality talismans is very low. Lu Changan expressed his embarrassment and said that he would sell them after he had them.

In Li Ergou's words, thanks to Lu Changan's fine wind speed talisman, the effect was beyond expectations.

Also because the speed was too fast, Ergou accidentally broke his leg when he was withdrawing to the base camp.

Fortunately.

Li Ergou was given half a year to recuperate from his injuries, so he could reunite with his wife and children.


Half a month later.

A family manager came to the medicine garden and recruited Mu Yunfei to the frontline mining area.

After a year of recuperation, Mu Yunfei recovered from his injury not long ago.

"Brother Yunfei, take care."

Lu Changan cupped his fists, feeling a little pity in his heart.

This injury is good, and I am going to the front again...

Mu Yunfei didn't complain at all, and was going to leave with the steward.

"Don't worry, I have something to say."

The steward smiled, his eyes fell on Lu Changan, and he announced:

"From today onwards, Lu Chang'an will be the garrison of the medicine garden."

"The medicine garden is stationed?"

Lu Changan's eyelids twitched, unexpectedly.

How could the Mu family let him, a foreigner, be the garrison of the medicine garden?

"Lu Chang'an, there's no need to refuse, this is the result of the family's main force pushing through the crowd."

The steward said with a smile:

"The head of the family speaks highly of you: 'Don't be chaotic in times of danger, and have a careful mind'!"

Lu Changan underestimated Mu Maode's courage.

Mu Maode knew that Lu Changan was not loyal enough, if he was forced to go to the front line, it might backfire.

But the family is really short of manpower.

Mu Maode admired Lu Changan's vigilance in the past, but the younger generation in the clan was not as sophisticated as him.

At the moment of family crisis, it is a pity to waste such a talent, it is better to put it in an important position.

During the years when Lu Changan came to the Mu family, he did not fight or fight, practiced in a low-key manner, and his character was basically recognized by the Mu family.

Mu Maode chose to take a gamble.

He didn't know what fate this desperate gamble would bring to the Mu family.


"Brother Chang'an! I believe you can take over my position and guard the medicine garden well."

Mu Yunfei cast a trusting gaze.

Previously, Mu Yunfei took up the post of garrison in the medicine garden temporarily.

"Don't worry! The medicine garden is in the rear, taking care of each other with Feiyue Villa, and there is also Ge ​​Lao sitting here to practice alchemy."

Now that the matter has come to this, it is not easy for Lu Changan to refuse.

He used to assist guarding, but now he is the leader.

The biggest difference is that it is not easy to fish.

Compared with Mu Yunfei and Li Ergou going to the front line to fight, it is not unacceptable.

Nine years ago, Lu Changan was taken in by the Mu family and practiced in the Lingmai Dojo, so the Mu family was kind to him.

Within a reasonable range, there is nothing wrong with assuming certain obligations.

This kind of orthodox ethos can tolerate a cultivating family with foreign surnames, which is hard to find in the world of cultivating immortals.

"Fortunately, I didn't marry a wife and have children in the Mu family."

Lu Changan has nothing to worry about and can run away at any time.

The Mu family can't handle him well.

Li Ergou is different.

His wife and children are all in Mu's family, and they have completely integrated into Mu's family in the past ten years, and it is difficult to get rid of this big group.

The family is facing a crisis, Mu Yunfei and Li Ergou can only stand up, even if they know they may sacrifice.


a month later.

Lu Changan adapted to the post of guarding the medicine garden.

A few Mu family teenagers in the early stage of Qi refining obeyed his orders.

The formation must be checked every day, and someone must guard and patrol at night.

Of course, Lu Chang'an is not the boss in the medicine garden, so he has to be checked and balanced.

In the medicine garden, there are two people with higher status than him.

One is Ling Zhifu, who is old and dim-witted, and has five levels of Qi Refining, and is an elder of the Mu family. Judging by the strenuous walking, the longevity is approaching, so there is no need to count on combat power.

The other one, of course, is Alchemist Ge Yi.

Seven levels of Qi training, a first-rank top-grade alchemist, with a lofty status.

This person is arrogant and has a bad temper, and he always shouted and shouted a few times when dealing with him.

Lu Changan couldn't avoid it.

"Xiao Lu! Why hasn't someone brought over that two-hundred-year-old snake heart grass?"

Ge Yi walked over with an unhappy expression.

"According to the regulations, taking more than 200 years of precious medicinal materials must be approved by the head of the family."

Lu Changan lay on the grass basking in the sun, and said slowly.

Ge Yi doesn't treat him as a human being, and Lu Changan doesn't need to respect him either.

On Ge Yi's tired and swollen eye bags, the eye sockets were sunken, and under the sullenness, there was a hint of prey.

Lying down and talking to him?

In the Mu family for many years, no monk dared to be so disrespectful to him.

"This is a special period! The front line is in urgent need of pills, and we must not delay..."

Thinking that Lu Chang'an was a member of a foreign clan or a middle-grade talisman master, it was not so easy to decide, Ge Yi suppressed the anger in his heart.

"Okay! If you want to take yourself, I will not take responsibility."

Lu Changan said indifferently.

This alchemist Ge Yi often took herbs in an unruly way, especially in this special period.

I don't know how much I have been greedy for ink.

However, relying on his friendship with Patriarch Zhu Ji, the elders who used to guard the medicine garden were all polite to him.

"Well, you lazy boy! I neglect my duties every day, and the old man will definitely report to the higher-ups of the family."

After leaving a harsh word, Ge Yi left in a huff.

Go get the precious herb.

"Could it be that Patriarch Mu wants me to check and balance Elder Ge?"

With such a result, Lu Changan was also helpless.

He has kept a low profile and avoided it.

But in his position, he is destined to be unable to live in harmony with Ge Yi.

"This old guy must be greedy for medicinal herbs."

Not long after, Lu Chang'an saw that Ge Yi had taken several precious medicinal materials, not just the two-hundred-year-old snake heart grass mentioned just now.

After taking the medicinal herbs, Ge Yi returned to his big yard and started alchemy behind closed doors.


		