

Knowing Xia Feilun's tragic end, Lu Changan took a deep look at Lin Yi.

Yi Lam and Zhang Tieshan have friendship.

This incident was again caused by Zhang Tieshan in the sect, driving Xia Feilun into the abyss.

Xia Feilun once made Lin Yi lose face when he went to the appointment for three years.

It's hard to say that Edward Lam did not hold grudges.

If Lin Yi played a key role in promoting this matter, Lu Changan admitted that he underestimated this former young master.

Lam Yik's disclosure at this time may be intended to show off his wrist. The intention is to win Lu Changan, a talisman master, into his Yinxian Pavilion.

"Zhang Tieshan is also number one."

Lu Changan thought of Zhao Siyao's evaluation of this person, and his determination was firm, which was appreciated by Elder Wai Feng.

The Elder Waifeng of Jinyun Valley is at least a fake real person.

False pills are knot pills with poor quality of finished pills, also known as gray pills or inferior pills.

Although the strength of the fake alchemy real person is not as good as that of the real alchemy and golden alchemy real people, their lifespan is one hundred years longer than that of the foundation establishment period, and their strength crushes the late foundation establishment period.

In the last life, Lu Changan formed a real alchemy of acceptable quality, and he couldn't ignore the existence of fake alchemy monks.

"It seems that if I didn't participate in the haunted house to kill ghosts in Hengshui Mansion back then, I really missed a potential contact."

Looking back at this moment, Lu Changan does not deny this.

But not to mention regret.

People don't have a front and back view, and if they want to operate steadily with low risks, they will inevitably lose some opportunities.


At the foot of Jinyun Valley.

The three of Lu Changan parted ways and went in different directions.

Lu Changan took out a jade tube presented by Zhao Siyao, which contained map information of Liang Guoxiu's world.

On the map, big and small cultivating forces are marked, including Fangshi, some dangerous places.

Even Feiyue Lake is marked on it.

From the map, the most powerful "Lihuo Palace" in Liang Guoxiu's world is near the center.

The other four powerful cultivating sects, including Jinyun Valley, are scattered in the four directions of Liang Guo.

The location of Jinyun Valley is on the west side of Liang Kingdom.

The "Wufengfang City" that Lu Changan is going to on this trip is located in the south of Jinyun Valley, and the journey will take half a month.

There is a flying boat in Lu Changan's storage bag, but it cannot be used easily. Generally, there is no flying boat in the late stage of Qi refining, and it is a bit ostentatious to use it in the middle stage of Qi refining.

On this day, Lu Changan arrived at Wufengfang City on a spirit horse.

Wufengfang City, located in the middle of several high mountains, resembles a basin.

The surrounding mountains are steep and shrouded in clouds and mists, and ordinary mortals cannot reach this place at all.

Lu Chang'an put the spirit horse in place, and through bone shrinking skills and disguise, he turned into a strong and strong man.

Stepping on the low-grade magic weapon Wujin knife, he passed through a mountain of clouds and mist.

There was a sudden light in front of my eyes.

A square city covered by a second-order formation and covering an area of ​​ten miles came into view.

The extension of the square city is a piece of spiritual fields that extend in a trapezoidal shape, rising step by step from bottom to top.

The large area of ​​spiritual fields is planted with orange-gold spiritual rice, which looks golden from a distance, quite spectacular.

Inside Fangshi, there is a patchwork of streets and alleys, with elegant buildings and unique ingenuity.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Light and shadow shuttled, and from time to time there were immortal cultivators rising and falling between the squares and cities, and the sound of breaking through the sky continued.


The entrance of Wufengfang City.

Lu Changan disguised himself as a strong and strong man, simply registered his information, paid a deposit of two spirit stones, and received an identity card.

If there is no ID card, the entrant will be immediately sensed by the formation.

"Those who enter Fangshi are not allowed to stay overnight, and they are not allowed to meditate. Unless they stay in an inn or rent a cave."

The monk guarding the gate reminded.

"clear."

Lu Changan entered Fangshi with a smile, he was used to it.

The purpose of Fangshi's regulations is to prevent entrants from prostitution here.

For each spiritual vein, there is an upper limit on the number of monks that can be supplied for cultivation according to its rank and scale.

"Senior, is this the first time you come to Wufengfang City? Xiaohou is willing to guide you, guide the shops, and introduce the situation in each area of ​​Fang City. It only costs half a spirit stone."

A young man with mischievous eyebrows greeted him warmly.

"Okay, take me for a walk first."

Lu Changan did not act as a rich man, but gave the young man thirty taels of spiritual sand.

"Thank you senior." The boy bowed happily.

"Wufengfang City belongs to the 'Wanjian Zhuo Family'. There is a second-tier middle-grade spiritual vein underground. Only some high-grade caves are open in the core area. The surrounding spiritual environment is equivalent to a first-level spiritual vein. There are many major shops in the East Street. The quality is good, but the price is a bit more expensive. West Street is free to trade stalls..."

"What is that building for?"

Lu Changan pointed to an antique six-story pavilion with lanterns hanging from it, which stood out from the crowd of shops.

"That's the 'Baixiang Xianlou'. The fairy princess in the building is good at singing and dancing, which can cultivate sentiment, cleanse the soul, and help break through mental barriers."

"Just the rhythm?"

"Baixiang Xianlou is not a brothel place. All the fairies inside are cultivators of music and music. They are all beautiful and pleasant. Of course, if you are 'charismatic' enough, some of the fairies inside can also open up to you. heart."

The boy chuckled, showing an expression that any man could understand.

"However, the entrance fee here is very high, at least five spirit stones. For a high-class fairy princess, the entrance fee is equivalent to a magic weapon."

Lu Changan chuckled lightly, noncommittal.

Turned around in Fangshi.

Lu Chang'an asked a lot of questions, and listened carefully, inquiring about the information he needed.

"Bai Refining Workshop can forge high-grade magic weapons at the highest level. The chief weapon refiner 'Gu Lai' is the one appointed by Zhao Siyao."

"Gu Lai Artisan Refiner has a good reputation and a good reputation, but there are many people looking for him to refine artefacts, and they often have to queue up."

In addition to Zhao Siyao's entrustment, Lu Chang'an also found two regular shops to buy spirit grass.

The first-order spiritual sand stones he needed to practice the "Cloud Sand Body Refining Jue" were also sold in a material store and a mineral store.


After finding out the information, Lu Changan did not act immediately.

He first stayed in the inn in Fangshi for two nights, and bought some commonly used resources at random, so as to prevent interested people from staring at his new face.

On the third day, he went to Bailianfang for consultation.

"My master has a lot of magic weapons to forge in the near future, and it may take half a year to queue up. If you are in a hurry, why don't you choose some other first-level weapon refiners in the workshop."

The short-haired young man who received Lu Changan was the disciple of Master Gulai.

"I don't make magical artifacts, I want to repair a high-quality magical artifact, can you accommodate me."

Lu Changan remained calm, and handed over a small cloth bag.

The short-haired young man took the bag and weighed it with his hands. There were at least ten spirit stones. His face was soothed and he showed a smile:

"If it's just repairing the magic weapon, it can be arranged within a month. By the way, what level of magic weapon do you want to repair?"

"The specific repair plan, I will discuss it with Master Gu."

Lu Changan didn't say it was a high-grade magic weapon.

A complete high-grade magic weapon is worth at least five or six hundred spirit stones, which is a huge sum of money for an ordinary Qi refining period.

Master Gu Lai has a good reputation and is well-informed, so he won't be distracted, but it doesn't mean that his disciples don't have ideas.

"Okay, I'll take you to see the master later."

The short-haired young man put away the bag and smiled. Many customers have confidentiality requirements.

The young man with short hair goes in first to report.

After a while, he took Lu Changan to the backyard.

In a refining room.

Lu Chang'an saw a bearded man with a shirtless shirt. He was Gu Lai, a second-level weapon refiner, and his cultivation was at the ninth level of Qi refining.

After the short-haired youth left, Lu Changan took out the broken iron umbrella.

"Iron Umbrella."

Gu Lai caressed the iron umbrella, pondering for a moment, as if he had seen this magic weapon before, maybe even handled it.

"Is your surname Zhao?"

"As entrusted, my friend's surname is Zhao."

"You have found the right person. I assisted the master to build this iron umbrella back then. You will be charged two hundred spirit stones for the restoration fee."

Gu Lai said very simply.

Lu Chang'an didn't make a counter-offer, but asked to sign a spiritual contract, allowing Gu Lai to imprint a trace of mana.

The two parties agreed to repair the magic weapon within one month.

This kind of spiritual contract is not absolutely binding, it is just a certificate.

The imprint of mana entered is similar to a secular signature. Because, each monk's mana aura is unique.

For the sake of being cautious, Lu Changan himself did not enter the mana mark.

"Careful boy!"

Watching Lu Changan leave, Gu Lai shook his head.


The magic weapon is stored in Bailianfang.

Lu Changan rented an inferior cave in Fangshi for a month. The aura is similar to that of Feiyue Mountain Villa. The monthly rent is three spirit stones, which is very low cost performance.

A period of time followed.

He went out from time to time, disguised as different images, and sold items in Fangshi shops or stalls.

Some inconspicuous spiritual herbs are relatively easy to sell.

Unused pills are sold in batches.

Including three low-grade instruments, all obtained from Master Ge Yi.

These stolen goods are not clearly recognizable, so don't worry unless you meet the original owner.

For more than half a month, Lu Changan sold the stolen goods in batches and changed identities.

A total of nearly a thousand spirit stones were profited.

The pill is almost out.

But there are still a few precious medicinal materials that are more than two hundred years old, which are more conspicuous and worth several hundred spirit stones, so Lu Changan dare not take them lightly.

Especially this day.

During a routine inspection, Lu Changan found that a spiritual stone he had received had been tampered with in a subtle way.

There is a kind of tracking powder attached to the spirit stone, which is invisible to the naked eye, and can't be smelled by ordinary people.

Click!

Lu Changan's expression was not good, he crushed the spirit stone, a ball of flame burst out from his palm, and a cloud of foul-smelling green smoke rose in the air.


		