

There is no permanent banquet in the world.

Lu Chang'an and his party walked out of Juxian Tower, said goodbye to each other, and said some blessings of "the road to immortality is prosperous".

"Brother Lu, if you lack spirit stones, I can lend you ten."

Before parting, Zhao Siyao took the initiative to speak.

Lu Chang'an thought for a while, but he didn't refuse, and borrowed ten spirit stones from Zhao Siyao.

Li Ergou couldn't help smacking his lips.


"Brother Lu! Doesn't my spirit stone have the fragrance of Zhao Siyao?"

After parting ways, Li Ergou said unhappily.

When he was in Mu's house, he saw that Lu Chang'an was short of cultivation resources, so he borrowed spirit stones several times out of kindness, but the latter didn't accept it.

"Hehe, her spirit stone is indeed more fragrant than yours."

Lu Changan chuckled lightly.

In fact, Lu Changan was willing to borrow the spirit stone in order to establish a relationship with Zhao Siyao, a disciple of the sect.

The so-called exchanges of human feelings have to be "exchanged".

This time Lu Changan borrowed the spirit stone, and the next time he returned the spirit stone, there was a human relationship.

As long as Zhao Siyao doesn't deliberately alienate her in the future, Lu Changan is willing to maintain this relationship.

After all, Zongmen has a lot of scarce resources, including information on the upper layers of the world of cultivating immortals.

Lu Chang'an was practicing in a small family, so he didn't want the news to be blocked and he would not be able to understand the situation in the world of cultivating immortals.

Furthermore, befriending an inner disciple is also considered a background relationship, which is very practical at the bottom of the world of cultivating immortals.

"I'm also short of spirit stones, why don't you lend them to me?"

On the side, Lin Yi remained silent, feeling sore in his heart.

The three of them headed back to the Prince's Mansion.


The next day, Li Ergou went back to the countryside to visit relatives.

The two agreed to meet at the Prince's Mansion two months later.

Lu Changan is going to participate in the casual repair fair in a few days, and then go to the Nujiang Gang.

After a few days.

Lin Yi returned from the outside and handed a wooden token to Lu Changan.

"Brother Lu, this is the token of the Loose Cultivation Fair. Tomorrow night, it will be held somewhere outside Hengshui Prefecture..."

"Brother Lin, won't you go with us?"

Lu Changan took the wooden token and found that it was made of a piece of spirit wood.

If you want to get the qualifications to participate in the conference, I am afraid that you will need to pay a certain price.

"I went there a few months ago. This time there is no need, and I have a lot of cash, so I won't show my shame."

Lin Yi smiled wryly, and there was a sense of self-deprecating in his words.

In the past few days, living in Guang'anhou Mansion, Lu Chang'an learned about Lin Yi's current situation.

As the concubine son of a prince, Edward Lam had a low status in the mansion at first. When he was seven years old, he was discovered to have spiritual roots, so he received the attention and dedication of the Marquis of Guang'an to cultivate him.

In fact, most of the secular upper class people know the channel of cultivating immortals.

The common people in the middle and lower classes only know some rumors about immortals.

After the failure of the Zongmen's assessment, the Princely Mansion's support for Lin Yi was very limited.

Want to be an official in the court, or join the army?

Unfortunately.

The sect of Liang Guoxiu's immortal world established the rules:

Immortal cultivators are not allowed to interfere with the secular dynasty, let alone kill at will.

As a result, Edward Lam's situation is somewhat embarrassing.

"This time I'm going to trouble Brother Lin."

Lu Changan expressed his gratitude, which was regarded as his acceptance of Lin Yi's affection.


The next evening.

Hengshui Fucheng is dozens of miles away.

A dilapidated temple is covered by fog, making it difficult for ordinary people to notice it.

Lu Changan used the spiritual eye technique to walk into the ruined temple.

Sure enough, some casual cultivators were found.

There are men, women and children, most of them are in the early stage of Qi refining, and there are only three or four in the middle stage of Qi refining.

Some people showed their true faces, while others wore masks or straw hats to hide their faces.

Lu Chang'an had changed his appearance beforehand, combined with the common world's bone shrinking skills, now he looks like a young and strong man.

As a new face, it is inevitable to attract the attention of some casual cultivators.

"This new fellow Taoist, what's your name?"

Beside the shrine, a tall and thin man on the fourth floor of Qi Refining opened his mouth and looked over with twinkling eyes.

This person appears to be one of the organizers of the trade fair.

"My surname is Jiang." Lu Changan gave a random surname and handed over a token.

"Jiang Daoyou, please find a place to sit, the fair will be held later."

The tall and thin man checked the token and nodded.

Waited for about half an hour.

Twenty or thirty people gathered in the ruined temple, and the trade fair officially started.

The transaction method is very simple. Everyone speaks in turn, showing the resources sold, or indicating what they want to buy.

"There are three vermilion pine cones for sale, the one with the highest price will be given first."

"Three hundred years of Polygonum multiflorum, give priority to the trading of spirit stones and elixir..."

"The low-grade magic weapon Qingsteel shuttle, the case is damaged, which fellow daoist is interested..."

Lu Changan watched for a moment, and found that the items traded were all low-end.

Some trading items are just worldly medicines, not spiritual things in the world of cultivating immortals.

"Xu has five bottles of Yangqi Pill in his hand, which is 50% lower than the market price..."

The tall and thin man on the fourth floor of Qi Refining spoke.

"Qi Yang Pill? 50% lower than the market price?"

It immediately attracted the interest of many people.

Yangqi Pill is suitable for monks in the early stage of Qi refining, which can strengthen mana and improve cultivation.

"I'm afraid it's not a genuine pill, how effective is it?"

For low-level casual cultivators, pills are rare. It is inevitable that everyone will be tempted by cheap pills.

"After the identification of me and Wang Lao, the efficacy of the medicine is close to 50% of the genuine product, and the erysipelas is slightly higher..."

The tall and thin man surnamed Xu said lightly.

Lu Changan's heart moved, thinking of the inferior medicine that Xia Feilun had previously sold.

However, as one of the organizers of the transaction, the tall and thin man surnamed Xu is obviously not Xia Feilun, so I don't know if there is any connection between the two.

After a while, it was Lu Changan's turn.

"Jiang has ten talismans for sale, four of [Fire Bomb Art], three of [Wind Blade Art], and three of [Golden Mask]. The latter two are middle-grade talismans of the first order."

Lu Changan took out ten talismans, saying neither humble nor overbearing.

"A medium-grade talisman?"

The casual cultivators in the ruined temple were surprised.

[Fire Ball Technique] This kind of low-grade talisman is relatively common.

However, middle-grade talismans rarely appeared.

Every time it appears, there are often only two or three.

Lu Changan noticed the surprised and searching gazes of these people.

It has to be said that he overestimated the level of this trade fair.

Originally, there were ten blank talisman papers left, and he could draw middle-grade talismans on all of them, but he only drew six, which was considered restraint.

Fortunately, the total value of these talismans is not high, not comparable to a low-grade magic weapon.

"Jiang Daoyou, do you know any first-order talisman masters?"

The speaker was a glamorous and tall woman in a purple dress with four layers of Qi refining, her voice revealed a trace of warmth.

This girl, Lu Chang'an, was a little impressed. She was honored as "Purple Rose Fairy" by others, and she was one of the few mid-stage Qi refiners.

"The specific origin, you don't need to inquire."

Lu Changan's tone was blunt, and he did not deny the temptation of the beauty in the purple dress.

The first-order medium-grade talismans are quite powerful in the mid-stage of Qi refining, and they are very popular among casual practitioners.

Because the price is fair.

In less than a quarter of an hour, the ten talismans in Lu Changan's hand were sold out.

The market price of first-order low-grade talisman is about 2~3 Lingshi.

The market price of first-order middle-grade talismans is between 4 and 6 spirit stones.

Lu Changan obtained a total of forty spirit stones.

He deliberately controlled the quality of the ten talismans for sale, and they were only of normal quality.

He also has seven first-grade middle-grade talismans on his body, which are several times more powerful, and they are only for his own protection, and they are not for sale.

After earning spirit stones.

Lu Changan bought two bottles of normal qi nourishing pills, which cost twenty spirit stones.

I also bought a bottle of Yijing Dan, Changchun Dan, and Dahuan Dan, which are suitable for ordinary warriors.

Only one half spirit stone is used.

"The ultimate pill in the martial arts world is so cheap here."

Lu Changan felt emotional in his heart.

There are also materials such as talisman paper and cinnabar for sale at the fair.

To be on the safe side, Lu Changan did not purchase here. Anyway, you can buy it at Mu's house, and the talisman paper in Mu Xiuyun's hand is of better quality.


The trade fair is over.

Lu Chang'an quickly evacuated the scene and fled into the forest at a speed exceeding the normal early stage of gas refining.

Some monks who were interested in him didn't have time to react.

"This kid can get the source of middle-grade talismans, so he must have some background?"

One of the organizers, a tall and thin man surnamed Xu, touched his chin and looked in the direction where Lu Changan disappeared.

Although curious, but not for that point of value shot.

Suddenly, the tall and thin man caught a wisp of purple smoke like the wind, flew quickly in the night, and headed straight for Lu Changan.

"Hey! Fairy Zimei! She couldn't help it?"

Several people, including the tall and thin man, looked surprised.

Among them, Fairy Zimei has clean hands and feet, and the number of shots can be counted on the fingers.

But every time she makes a move, Fairy Zimei reaps a lot, which shows that her vision is precise.


"Hmph! If that person had a background, he wouldn't have come to this kind of place to trade. So cautious, running so fast..."

In the mountains and forests, the bright and clean face of the beauty in the purple dress revealed a touch of cunning and coldness.

call!

Taking a picture of Feng Xing Talisman, the speed of the purple-dressed beauty surpassed that of the ordinary middle stage of refining Qi, and approached Lu Chang'an a little bit.

Chased near a ravine.

Lu Changan's figure suddenly disappeared, as if swallowed by the night.

"Where are people? They must not have gone far!"

The beauty in the purple skirt stopped in front of the ravine, showing vigilance.

"Boy! Don't hide, I know you are nearby."

She sacrificed a white square handkerchief, the white light shone, and a layer of cloud flakes about Zhang Xu wide formed in front of her.

She thought to herself, that person is actually good at hiding his breath?

"The night is dark and the wind is high, the fairy is chasing her so closely, could it be that she wants to find a certain family to talk about love."

The erratic male voice echoed in my ears.

The heart of the beauty in the purple skirt trembled, and there was a whistling wind in her ears.

The vest suddenly turned cold.

not good!

The beauty in the purple skirt manipulated the white square handkerchief reflexively, and blocked it behind her.

Whoosh!

A group of frightening frosty winds, with a diameter of four to five meters, engulfed the beauty in the purple skirt in an instant.

"Cold wind technique? No! Why is it so powerful..."

The beauty in the purple dress just breathed a sigh of relief, her face and limbs were covered with a layer of frost, and she couldn't help but turn pale in shock.


		