

Go back to the inn.

The last time Lu Changan sold the stolen goods, he sold four magical artifacts, and the recovery price was two hundred and dozens of spirit stones.

Today, the stolen goods were sold three times, and a total of six to seven hundred spirit stones were sold. Although it was a bit of a loss, it did save a lot of trouble.

Lu Changan returned to his original appearance and retired from the inn room.

Shops passing through the business district.

He paid attention to the raw materials of the second-order talismans.

The second-order talisman paper, spiritual ink, and talisman pen are all made from second-order monsters, corresponding to the foundation-building period, and are very scarce.


Guan Daochang's booth is in this market street, so Lu Changan stopped by to have a look.

"Brother Lu."

The bright-eyed and white-toothed girl in Ruqun has just completed a deal with a customer.

Seeing the young man in white robe with a peaceful demeanor, Guan Qiaozhi's eyes lit up, and she waved happily.

"Old Guan, how is business today?"

Lu Changan came to the booth and looked at the goods.

Talisman paper, spiritual ink, monster fur, talisman atlas, and middle and low-grade talismans.

After Lu Changan came to Huanglong Immortal City, he took a little care of Master Guan and his disciples.

He needed raw materials to draw talismans, so he simply used relatively cheap talismans to exchange materials with Master Guan and his apprentice.

This benefits both parties.

Guan Daochang's booth has more good-quality imported talismans. Although the profit itself is not high, it can expand the category and improve the reputation.

In the past two years, the revenue and profit of the booth have increased slightly.

As far as Lu Changan is concerned, it not only obtains the materials for painting talismans, but also provides more channels for the sale of talismans.

I have to say that Guan Qiaozhi is really ingenious, at such a young age, he is very good at making talisman paper, even high-quality talisman paper can do it.

"Thanks to Master Lu, the business is going well. In a few years, we will gain a firm foothold in the inner city."

The wrinkles on Guan Daochang's face stretched out, and he smiled with relief.

Although Lu Chang'an recognized him as an immortal, Daoist Guan did not call himself a senior, and usually referred to him as Master Lu Fu.

"Qiaozhi's craftsmanship is really good."

Lu Changan picked out a few high-quality talisman papers and was quite satisfied.

"Of course! I also helped the puppet master next door handle the puppet parts. Master Sang also praised my handiness and said that he would give me a puppet dog in the future."

Sixteen-year-old Guan Qiaozhi has delicate and delicate features, pure and agile, and when it comes to her pride, her eyebrows are crescent-shaped.

In the past two years, she gradually forgot the fact that Lu Changan was older than her biological father.

There is a trace of trust and intimacy with this senior brother who has left halfway.

Lu Chang'an secretly regretted: Guan Qiaozhi's spiritual sense is mediocre, otherwise, the talent of ingenuity, whether it is drawing symbols or becoming a puppet master, would be a good choice.

While the two were talking, three male cultivators came over aggressively.

"Old man Guan! Why are you setting up a stall here again?"

The blue-shirted monk who is the leader of the eighth level of Qi Refining said with a grim expression.

"Fellow Daoist Meng, there is no clear regulation in the stall area of ​​the market, we are not allowed to set up a stall here."

Guan Daochang has a little scruples and a calm theory.

"The price of the talismans you sell is low, which violates the regulations of the 'Fu League'. Either go to a distant place to set up a stall, or the price must meet the quality."

The blue-shirted monk said dissatisfied.

"Old man Guan, I advise you to be sensible. There are no express regulations in the stall area, but there are unspoken rules here, and violators will not end well."

"As soon as you are old, you can be a strong bone, but you have to think about your female apprentice."

The two people behind the blue-shirted monk gave advice and threats, whether overt or covert.

Seeing this scene, Lu Changan instantly understood the reason.

It is nothing more than the high quality and low price of Daoist Guan's talismans, and the increase in income makes his colleagues unhappy.

The price of the talismans sold by Guan Daochang is actually normal, but the quality is slightly better. After all, it was a talisman refined by Lu Chang'an, with high and stable quality.

1. Not to violate the regulations of the market stall area.

Second, it will not affect the market order, and it is not considered a malicious price reduction.

The so-called 'fu alliance' mostly used chicken feathers as arrows.

During a period of Qi refining, how much right to speak in the Talisman Master Alliance?

"Fellow Taoist, I would like to ask. In this market, is your 'Fu Meng' the most orderly, or Huanglong Immortal City's most orderly?"

Lu Changan said lukewarmly.

"Who are you?"

The blue-shirted monk frowned, and looked at the young monk in the late stage of Qi refining in front of him.

They threatened Guan Daochang and the two mainly because they were weak and easy to bully.

Want to blackmail a little advantage.

It was really hard for them to answer Lu Changan's question.

In Huanglong Immortal City, the biggest rule is naturally Liang Guo's number one loose cultivator, Huanglong Daoist.

Daoist Huanglong is famous far and wide, not only is he in the middle stage of alchemy, but he also has a third-order dragon spirit beast, which contains a trace of the blood of the ancient Huanglong.

"My friend, what does this matter have to do with you?"

The three of them knew they were wrong and avoided Lu Changan's questioning.

"My surname is Lu, and I provide talismans for Guan Lao's booth. Do you think it's related?"

Lu Changan said angrily.

The three of them were suffocated and looked at each other.

"Dare to ask, what rank of Talisman Master Lu Daoyou is?"

The leading monk in blue shirt had a smile on his face, and he was much more polite.

"First-rank top grade."

The faces of the three changed slightly, and their momentum weakened a bit.

"Your Excellency, as a top-rank talisman master, why didn't you join the talisman alliance. My teacher is a second-rank talisman master of the Huanglong Immortal City talisman alliance. I wonder where fellow Daoist Lu is?"

The blue-shirted monk said with flickering eyes.

There were many stall owners and monks around watching the excitement, so he couldn't lose his momentum and call out the title of second-tier talisman master.

"I don't care what talisman alliance you are, a second-tier talisman master. Lu's friend is a foundation cultivator in Jinyun Valley. If you continue to mess around and question whether you believe it or not, you can go to the Jinyun Valley resident to argue."

Lu Changan spoke forcefully, and showed a token of Jinyun Valley.

"Foundation establishment friend of Jinyun Valley?"

The three blue-shirted monks trembled in their hearts. How could they dare to continue to pester them, who were pretending to be tigers.

"Master Lu Fu, today's matter is just a misunderstanding, everyone's peace makes money."

The blue shirt modifies with a sarcastic smile.

In fact, he was only fortunate to have heard the public preaching of a second-rank talisman master, saying that he is a teacher is putting money on his face.

The three said a few polite words and left angrily.

The stall owners around cast amazed gazes, not daring to underestimate Master Guan and his disciples any longer.


Lu Changan shouted back the market bully with a few words.

Guan Qiaozhi's bright eyes were shining like stars, and she couldn't help asking:

"Senior brother Lu, do you really have a foundation-building friend from Jinyun Valley?"

Guan Lao is skeptical about this matter.

He knew that the three blue-shirted monks were using the tiger's skin as a banner.

Lu Changan is probably the same way.

After all, in the world of cultivating immortals, background is very important.

Low-level monks often like to exaggerate their own background in order to get along.

"I dare to show the token publicly, so naturally I can't fake it. After all, Huanglong Immortal City has the residence of Jinyun Valley."

Lu Changan moved out of Jinyun Valley's relationship, not just to take care of the grandson of Taoist Guan.

This background relationship is one of his confidence to gain a foothold in Huanglong Immortal City. If others want to pay attention to him, they have to weigh it.

This can filter a lot of trouble for him.

If there is a background relationship, you have to hide it and move out when you really run into trouble. Maybe you can pretend to be a slap in the face.

But it is more likely to form an enemy and drag Zhao Siyao into the water.

Naturally, Lu Changan would not do that kind of irrational and immature behavior.

After confirming that Lu Chang'an was really related to Jinyun Valley's foundation building, Taoist Guan's eyes flickered, realizing that he had underestimated Lu Chang'an before.

"Master Lu Fu, you helped us solve a problem. Tonight, please come to the humble house for a few drinks."

Guan Daochang invited with a smile.

"Okay." Lu Changan thought of Guan Qiaozhi's cooking skills, and his heart moved.


The sun had just set.

Guan Daochang, master and apprentice closed the stall, and went back to the streets of Jinxiufang with Lu Changan.

Just arrived at the gate of Daoist Guan's house.

"Hey, Lu Fushi even set up a stall with Guan Lao, could it be that he fell in love with that little girl?"

Su Yuetong from the opposite courtyard giggled, full of flair.

"Sister Su, come to make fun of me again!"

Guan Qiaozhi blushed, and subconsciously glanced at Lu Changan.

Lu Changan smiled and shook his head, ignoring it.

The solitary nun next door to him is not an ordinary idler.

She doesn't have any skills, but she dresses brightly all day long, often goes to the city to spend a lot of money, buys beautiful cassocks, beauty pills, eats precious spiritual fruits, and occasionally goes out to eat spiritual feasts.

This woman seems to have a concubine!

Several times in the middle of the night, Lu Chang'an found a burly man who quietly entered Su Yuetong's other courtyard, and would leave again in the middle of the night.

That burly man is at the peak of the ninth level of Qi refining, and his mana is much higher than that of the same level.

Lu Changan has no desire to find out about other people's privacy, but is instinctively wary of Su Yuetong.


Guan Qiaozhi was embarrassed and ran to the back kitchen to cook.

After a while, several delicious dishes were served, and the little girl was still busy.

Guan Daochang sighed: "My old bone, I can live for more than ten years at most. I don't know who will take advantage of this caring girl in the future."

"Guan Laomo wants to say unlucky words, there are not no legendary figures who are old and strong in the world of cultivating immortals."

Lu Changan did not respond to Guan Qiaozhi's topic.

This made Guan Daochang a little disappointed.

"Let me toast first, and wish Guan Laoxian a long life."

"I'll borrow your good words."

Daoist Guan took a drink, glanced at the kitchen, and said in a low voice:

"Three years ago, Master Du said that he wanted Qiaozhi to work as a maid in his house...I didn't agree!"

Lu Changan was stunned. Daoist Guan said that being a maid was a euphemism, but in fact he was a concubine!

Guan Qiaozhi was only thirteen years old three years ago.

Dewey can also say this, he really is a money-grubbing and lustful person.


The two mentioned Master Du Dan that night.

The next day, Lu Chang'an received an invitation from Dewey.

Said that he took a beautiful concubine and invited him to the Du Mansion for a wedding in three days.


		