

VIP stands.

Facing the hatred and anger of a group of elderly monks, Mu Renlong and Mu Maode felt pressured.

Even Mu Renlong, who was in the Foundation Establishment Stage, was a little restless.

Those elderly monks had good qualifications and contacts, and some of them could barely be regarded as his elders, and there were many outstanding people among their descendants.

The higher-ups of the Mu family also complained. They completely took the blame and attracted hatred for Lu Changan.

Those elderly monks didn't think that Lu Changan would buy the longevity pill regardless of the cost as a young man.

With that kind of financial resources, wouldn't it be nice to buy broken-rank pills?

It must be the instruction of the top of the Mu family!

"Four hundred and sixty." A white-haired old man gritted his teeth and said.

"five hundred!"

Lu Changan remained calm, as if the offer had nothing to do with him.

Mu Xiuyun's starry eyes rolled, recalling that night that Lu Changan readily agreed to participate in the auction together, she couldn't help smiling.

Lu Chang'an obviously expected to face pressure from a group of old guys in the competition for the Longevity Pill.

Fortunately, Lu Chang'an was surrounded by immortal cultivators.

If it is a casual cultivator with no background, then you have to weigh it.

"Mu Renlong, count yourself as cruel!"

Faced with Lu Changan's strong offer, those senior monks on the field finally gave up bidding.

Anyway, there are two longevity pills.

There is no need to fight recklessly with a stunned young man who has the support of the Foundation Establishment family.

They even suspected that Lu Changan might have been invited by the seller of the longevity pill.

"Five hundred spirit stones, is there any fellow daoist who bid more? The holy medicine of life extension, you can come across it but not ask for it..."

The old man in the feather robe looked around and spoke passionately.

"One time with five hundred spirit stones...three times with five hundred spirit stones!"

"The first life-extending pill was bought by a guest at VIP booth No. 7."

The old man in the feather robe looked at the VIP counter where the Mu family was located, and his eyes lingered on Lu Changan for a moment.

The first longevity pill was actually photographed by a young man, which surprised all parties on the field.

"That kid, seems to be a tortoise talisman master in Fangshi?"

"Turtle Talisman Master? I heard that this person is quite stingy with his life. No wonder he competes with the elderly for the longevity pill."

"Such behavior is really disgusting!"

At the auction, some monks recognized Lu Changan's identity, and they either despised or ate him.

After all, Lu Changan was able to spend such a large sum of spirit stones to buy longevity pills, and his financial resources exceeded most of the Qi refining period.

"The second Longevity Pill has the same starting price of two hundred low-grade spirit stones, everyone should seize the opportunity..."

On the auction stage, the bidding for the second longevity pill began.

Lu Changan felt a little moved in his heart, a longevity pill might not be able to test his guess about Evergreen Kung Fu.

It's just that it's not easy to compete for the second one.

"Lu Changan, the effects of longevity pills cannot be superimposed, you should leave a way out for those elderly people."

Murenlong's eyelids twitched slightly, and he spoke.

If Lu Chang'an competes again, the upper echelons of the Mu family will not be able to withstand the pressure.

Although Lu Chang'an's behavior attracted hatred from the upper echelons of the Mu family, it is reasonable for the family to shield the younger generation from the wind and rain.

Therefore, he did not blame Lu Changan.

The reason why the family has cohesion is that it is very united.

Lu Chang'an was not the only one who participated in the auction this time as a junior from the Mu family.


After Lu Chang'an, the second and third longevity pills successively fetched high prices of more than five hundred and fifty stones.

From this point of view, Lu Changan won the first one strongly, and took advantage of it.

In fact, some of the old monks present may not be able to spend even more with their life savings.

It's just a question of worth it.

Just like the earth in Lu Changan's previous life, many old people were seriously ill and endangered. If they went bankrupt and sold their houses and cars, they could barely survive for a few years.

People in the realm of cultivating immortals with a limited lifespan have exhausted physical functions and magical powers. Even if they live for another ten years, they will not be able to break through to a higher level.

Paying such a high price, it is better to train a few more qi refining monks.

"Senior, this is the longevity pill you bid for."

At the scene, a law enforcement monk escorted a beautiful maid, and delivered the first-order longevity pill to the VIP desk of Mu's house.

Lu Changan took the longevity pill, tested it, and paid five hundred spirit stones.

There is actually a handling fee for the auction, but it is borne by the seller.

Lu Changan put away the Longevity Pill and did not take it immediately. This occasion is not suitable for verifying Evergreen Kungfu.

The auction will proceed in an orderly manner.

Then some auction items appeared, such as martial arts and secret arts, inheritance of immortal cultivation skills, high-quality talismans, top-grade magic tools and so on.

Dazzling, the climax continues.

During the period, the senior members of the Mu family competed for a high-grade magic weapon.

Mu Xiuyun also personally took a picture of a beauty pill, and her face blushed slightly under her father's gaze.

The Nourishing Pill can greatly delay the aging of the appearance, and its effect is worse than that of the second-order Yanyan Pill.

Lu Changan can understand.

Mu Xiuyun's actual age is about the same as him, but due to her high cultivation and beauty, she looks to be in her twenties, with jade-like skin, bright and lustrous.

It is the most attractive and charming stage of a woman.


The auction will last for one day with an intermission.

"Ladies and gentlemen, next is the special auction of spirit beasts of the Beastmaster Zhou's family. A total of ten spirit beasts and their cubs with excellent bloodlines will be auctioned."

The auction entered the second half, and the old man in the feather robe raised his hand to welcome a pure and pretty girl in yellow skirt to the stage.

"This is Zhou Qingxuan, the talented beast master of the Zhou family. The next auction will be presided over by the two of us."

The old man in the feather robe introduced.

The girl in the yellow skirt has an exquisite face, her eyes are like lacquer spots, pure and unparalleled.

It was Zhou Qingxuan who Lu Changan had dealt with before.

"Qingxuan is just assisting the auction, introducing and answering some information about spirit beasts."

Zhou Qingxuan bowed gracefully and gracefully, completely different from the playful elves of the past.

Lu Chang'an secretly sighed, as expected of the genius granddaughter of the Zhou family, we haven't seen each other for three or four years, Zhou Qingxuan, who was at the same level as himself at the beginning, has now reached the seventh level of Qi training.

The Zhou family's auction this time allowed this girl to appear on the stage, which shows her reuse.

"The first spirit beast auctioned by the Beastmaster Zhou's family, a black-blooded spirit horse, has middle-grade bloodlines. This horse is a rare mutant bloodline. Its endurance and speed far exceed ordinary spirit horses, and it can cross cliffs of three to five feet. Suitable for all terrains…”

When Yupao Laozi introduced it, Zhou Qingxuan opened the spirit pet bag and released an unusually strong, black spirit horse with blood spots.

The moment the black blood horse appeared, it neighed violently, but after Zhou Qingxuan pointed at it, it immediately became very docile.

Zhou Qingxuan came to the stage not only to assist in the auction, but also to appease the spirit beasts.

The difference between spirit beasts and ordinary monsters is that they have been domesticated or bred in captivity.

It's more humane, but less ferocious.

"The black-blooded spirit horse has excellent pedigree and is suitable for breeding family spirit horses. The starting price is 80 spirit stones..."

"Bai Linghu, has a high-grade bloodline, has a high spiritual intelligence, is good at spiritual charm, has snow-white hair, and is suitable for female cultivation..."

With Zhou Qingxuan's cooperation, spirit beasts went up to the auction stage one by one.

In addition to spirit beasts, there are also spirit beast cubs, including spirit beast eggs.

Out of loyalty considerations, some monks like to raise spirit beast cubs from an early age.

Of course, this is limited to spirit beasts with high bloodlines and fast growth.

"The next auction item is a bit special. It is the egg of an unhatched 'Xuan Water Turtle', which has the blood of the land!"

The old man in the feather robe talked eloquently, setting off the atmosphere.

"Everyone should have heard that there is a third-order mysterious water turtle in the world of cultivating immortals in the neighboring country. Its strength is comparable to that of Daoist Jiedan. It has lived for more than a thousand years and has been guarding the sect."

At this time, Zhou Qingxuan took out a dark gray egg and placed it on the maid's tray.

"Xuan Shui Turtle, Earth Grade Bloodline!"

Many monks were eye-opening and amazed.

It is no small matter for the blood of the spirit beast to reach the ground level.

It is equivalent to the earth spirit root of a monk.

The aptitude of the earth spirit root is relatively rare even in the sect of cultivating immortals.

Every earth spirit root is cultivated as a seed of knot formation.

"Xuan water turtle, hehe..."

Some well-informed monks smiled disapprovingly.

"It's true that the Xuanshui Turtle is of Earth Grade blood, but this turtle grows slowly. It takes more than two hundred years to advance to the second rank, and five or six hundred years to advance to the third rank."

Mu Maud laughed.

Five or six hundred years is equivalent to the long life of Daoist Jiedan.

Ordinary foundation-building families usually last for less than five or six hundred years.

Even the Beastmaster Zhou's family, with its fake alchemy real person, who has a lifespan of more than three hundred years, can't wait for the day when the Xuanshuigui grows to the third level.

This is not counting the resources invested in the growth of the mysterious water turtle.

"The Xuanshui Turtle has one advantage. It has a long lifespan, three times that of monks of the same rank. This point suits me."

Lu Changan thought to himself.

"Miss Zhou, the vitality of this mysterious water turtle's egg seems a little weak?"

A Foundation Establishment cultivator swept the gray eggs on the tray with his consciousness, and said with a slight frown.

"To tell you the truth, this turtle egg may have been stored for too long, or it may have been affected by external forces. The vitality contained in it is somewhat weaker than that of ordinary beast eggs."

Zhou Qingxuan said frankly in a crisp voice.

Weak vitality?

Some contemplative monks couldn't help but lose interest.

The life energy in the eggshell is weak, and it may be a sick child after hatching. It is born with a weak constitution, and its strength is not comparable to that of the same level.

If it weren't for this, the Beastmaster Zhou family wouldn't easily sell this ground-grade spirit beast egg.

"Mysterious Water Turtle Eggs, the starting price is two hundred and forty spirit stones. This turtle has a long lifespan and a docile and loyal personality. It is suitable for cultivation as a town spirit beast..."


		