

Two or three years later.

Feiyue Villa, a courtyard by the lake.

A breath of the cycle of time flashed away from the white-robed boy sitting cross-legged.

Feeling the vitality of evergreen mana in his body, Lu Changan opened his calm black pupils and ended today's routine practice.

"Squeak!"

A brown and yellow rat with a bulging belly rubbed against his robe under his feet with a flattering look.

Lu Changan was slightly disgusted and kicked away.

Compared with two or three years ago, the ground rock mouse grew fatter and rounder.

Two years ago, with the nourishment of precious spiritual herbs, the rock rat successfully broke through and became a late-stage monster of the first order.

His theoretical cultivation surpassed that of the master Lu Changan.

Lu Changan stepped into the fifth level of Qi training a year ago, and it took a total of five years.

Li Ergou next door was promoted to the sixth level of Qi Refining more than half a year ago, a few years ahead of the progress.

"Thirty-three-year-old Qi training fifth level."

Lu Chang'an practiced health-preserving skills, and his state of mind was enhanced, so he was not in a hurry or impatient.

Compared with his 180-year-old Shouyuan during his Qi refining period, he is still in his youth.

After routine practice.

Lu Changan took off his clothes, sat in a medicine barrel filled with spirit sand, and practiced the method of "Yunsha Body Refining Jue".

The heat was steaming, and the skin glowed with blue-red crystals, and the color of some spirit sand stones in the medicine bucket gradually dimmed.

"The supply of spiritual sand stones is constant, and with the precious medicinal bath, the progress of the body training formula is almost catching up with the cultivation of mana."

Lu Changan's "Cloud Sand Body Refining Jue" recently entered the second level, which corresponds to the middle stage of Qi refining.

His physical strength was comparable to that of a monster in the middle stage of the first order.

Such a fast progress can be called a genius in body training.

This is due to Lu Changan's financial support and abundant time and energy.

And the powerful self-healing power of Changqing Gong!

Any body training formula, in the process of cultivation, will inevitably wear down the body and leave minor injuries.

And Lu Changan's Evergreen Kung Fu not only has a long energy vein, but also has a self-healing power that far exceeds that of the same level.

Strong self-healing power means that Lu Changan spent a longer time honing his body.

"If this continues, my body training formula may exceed my mana cultivation base."

Lu Changan wondered, is this road of cultivating immortality a bit off track?

A few years ago, the precious spirit herbs that had not been sold out were used by Lu Changan in medicinal baths and eaten by ground rock rats, and now there is not a trace left.

The total value is hundreds of spirit stones, although it is a waste, but it also saves the sale of stolen goods.

Not only has the risk been reduced, but both Lu Changan and the ground rock mouse have been greatly improved.

In addition to body training, Lu Changan dabbled in alchemy in his spare time.

In his previous life, he had to practice and study talismans, and he also had to worry about family affairs, so he didn't have the energy to learn other arts of cultivating immortals.

In the third life, Lu Changan intends to get involved in alchemy.

An alchemist can be one of the best among all the arts of cultivating immortals, because cultivation is the foundation of everything.

After trying, Lu Changan found that his talent for alchemy was very ordinary, far worse than Fu Dao.

With the memory of two lifetimes and the blessing of powerful spiritual consciousness, he has become a first-rank low-grade alchemist these years.


Lu Changan stretched, and walked slowly to the other courtyard.

Squeak!

The rock rat obediently brought two letters.

Now, there are two sets of first-order formations in the other courtyard, one for defense and one for cover.

Ordinary monks are hard to find, and rock rats come to the ground to move around from time to time.

Lu Changan took the letter and gave the rock rat a pill.

Two letters were sent by Lin Yi and Zhao Siyao recently.

In the letter, Yi Lin agreed on the talisman for the next transaction.

At the same time, Edward Lam mentioned a happy event: his sixth son is pregnant with spiritual roots.

The sensitivity of the spiritual root is eighteen, almost becoming a middle-grade spiritual root.

Lin Yi was born in a prince's mansion, married earlier, had many wives and concubines, and he had no fewer children than Li Ergou in these years.

Edward Lam's sixth son is named Lin Lu.

He said that he hoped that he could be like Lu Changan in the future, moving forward in a down-to-earth manner.

Lu Changan's face twitched.

Rao is his heart, almost wanted to curse.

Lin Yi chose this name for his son, suspected of taking advantage of him, usually at the beck and call of Xiao Liu and Xiao Lu.

He suspected that Edward Lam had some kind of resentment towards him.

Opening Zhao Siyao's letter, it shared some recent developments.

It is worth mentioning that in the past two years, Zhao Siyao successfully became a core disciple in the inner sect competition.

Not only that, Zhao Siyao also apprenticed under the sect of a fake Danjuzhen.

As a core disciple, Zhao Siyao got more resources to cultivate.

Two years ago, she paid off the Lingshi owed to Lu Chang'an and the other three, and clearly stated in the letter that she owed a favor.

There are debts and repayments, and promises of favor.

Lu Changan's friendship and investment has achieved initial results.

If Zhao Siyao is promoted to the Foundation Establishment Stage in the future, this favor will be more important.

At the bottom of the world of cultivating immortals, if there is a relationship with a friend who established the foundation of the sect, it can be regarded as having a certain background to rely on.

Lu Changan didn't pay much, and the borrowed spirit stone was also returned. He is usually free, and a little time cost is nothing.

If there are more potential friends like this, they will naturally feel at ease in the world of cultivating immortals in the future, and it will be much safer than those who fight and kill and make enemies with others.

"However, even if Zhao Siyao becomes a core disciple, it will not be so easy to get the Foundation Establishment Pill."

Through the exchange of letters, Lu Changan learned more about Jin Yungu.

Foundation Establishment Pill must be exchanged with Zongmen contribution.

For core disciples, the priority of exchanging Foundation Establishment Pills is higher, and there is a slight discount.

Zhao Siyao's cultivation was almost at the ninth level of Qi Refining, and in the next few years, he might have to rush around for the Foundation Establishment Pill.


Lu Changan walked out of the yard to relax.

It was discovered that Li Ergou in the yard next door was teaching his second son the "Mu Ershun" spell.

"Uncle Lu."

Seeing Lu Changan, Mu Ershun with thick eyebrows and big eyes greeted him respectfully.

Mu Ershun, now twelve or thirteen years old, is at the first level of Qi Refining.

On weekdays, the clan elders teach and instill the idea of ​​being loyal to the family.

"Fifteen years, time flies so fast, Li Ergou's children have all become immortal cultivators."

Lu Changan felt emotional in his heart.

If it wasn't for the fact that he had many wives and concubines and many children in his previous life, in this life he would feel lonely when he sees people around him marrying wives and having children, reuniting their families.

"If the 'Da Kun' in the previous life and the 'Da Qing' in this life belong to the Tianheng Continent, I don't know if there are outstanding immortal cultivators among my descendants."

Lu Changan had this idea more than once.

In his previous life, his name was not Lu Changan.

Strictly speaking, there is no blood relationship with those descendants.

"Brother, look at my son Er Shun, can he learn to draw symbols in the future?"

Li Ergou, who was getting richer, led his son out, and said with a smile.

Mu Ershun is only a low-grade spiritual root, and the sensitivity of his spiritual root is only twelve, so he basically has no chance to build a foundation.

Li Ergou wanted his son to learn a skill.

Lu Chang'an's talisman art can not only earn spirit stones, but also protect the way and defend oneself. Li Ergou has long admired it.

"As a character, it depends on his talent."

Lu Changan did not draw a conclusion.

"After a while, the eldest lady will open a talisman store in the newly opened Zhuyeshanfang City. She said that she will recruit two talisman apprentices. I want Er Shun to try it."

Li Ergou expressed his thoughts.

"Zhuyeshanfang City, so fast?"

Lu Changan had heard about this a little bit.

Since the Zheng family lineage withdrew from Zhuye Mountain, the location of the second-order spiritual vein has been transformed into a square city by the Maple Leaf Huang family in the past two years.

It is called Zhuyeshanfang City.

The former Zhuyeshan Zheng family has completely become a thing of the past.

In the newly opened Fangshi, in order to attract popularity, Huang's family sold half-sell and half-gifted to Yushou Zhou's, Feiyuemu's and other shops.

The Mu family got two shops with very cheap prices.

One is about to open a restaurant, focusing on Lingyu aquatic products, which comes from the advantages of Feiyue Lake.

The other is to open a talisman shop.

"Okay, if I have the right to recommend, I will talk to you."

With a flash of thought, Lu Changan understood what Li Ergou was thinking.

He had a premonition that the Mu family might be looking for him during this time.


Lu Changan's hunch was correct.

On the second day, a senior member of the Mu family came to visit.

"Miss, there is something I need you to come in person."

Lu Changan got up to greet him, with a slightly flattered look.

Mu Xiuyun wore a long green gauze dress, which was gentle and quiet, elegant and generous.

She was about the same age as Lu Chang'an, with a good face, she looked about twenty years old, a bit more charming than the Girls' Generation when they first met.

Now he is at the eighth level of Qi Refining, and he is a proper high-level family.

"There is no need to be so alienated between us. In your eyes, I can't feel the real awe of anyone."

Mu Xiuyun smiled, her eyes rolling.

Both of them are talisman masters, so after so many years in Mu's family, they naturally have some contacts.

After welcoming Mu Xiuyun to the main room, Lu Changan made tea.

"Lu Chang'an, the family plans to open a talisman store in Zhuyeshanfang City. Are you interested in becoming the chief talisman master?"

Mu Xiuyun got straight to the point.

"Don't rush to answer. I will take care of the shop. You only need to refine some talismans and bring your apprentice along. In addition to the treatment originally agreed by the family, I will give you another salary."


		