

"What! The monks at the family residence are gone?"

An hour later, Lu Changan looked at the little girl from the Mu family who came back to report, and suspected that he had heard wrong.

After confirming again and again, the little girl's eyes were red and she was at a loss.

There was not a single monk in the Patriarch's residence, and there were only a few mortals left in Feiyue Villa and its surroundings.

Lu Changan realized that he might have overlooked some important information.

"Could it be that the Mu family foresaw the news of Liang Shaotian's attack, and the monks hid collectively?"

After all, at this time, the Mu family had not established a foundation, and faced the evil cultivator Liang Shaotian, they had no power to resist.

Another two hours passed.

It was dawn, and finally a monk from the Mu family came to investigate, looking cautious.

"Are you...all right?"

His jaw almost dislocated in shock.

Not long after, the owners Mu Maode, Mu Xiuyun and others rushed to the medicine garden.

Everyone couldn't believe it.

They can understand if there are a few casualties.

However, there were no casualties in the entire medicine garden.

"Liang Shaotian didn't kill anyone?"

Mu Maode suppressed his surprise and asked about the situation.

"When I was patrolling the medicine garden, I suddenly sensed a terrifying demonic aura. I knew I was invincible, so I asked everyone to hide..."

"During the coma, I don't know what happened. After waking up, I found that there are very few precious spiritual herbs left in the medicine garden."

Lu Chang'an explained the situation, while Li Ergou and others added.

The whole process is too simple, it is difficult to find flaws.

After listening, Mu Maode praised: "Lu Chang'an, you are indeed very vigilant and not chaotic in times of danger."

It was he who overcame all opinions and made Lu Chang'an the garrison of the medicine garden.

So far, this decision seems to be correct.

Mu Maode didn't know that this decision had somehow saved the Mu family from disaster.

If there is no Lu Changan, with the speed of the evil cultivator Liang Shaotian, after plundering the medicine garden, there is a high probability of killing the Mu family's resident.

Although Mu Xiuyun found the trace of the evil cultivator and went back to report the news in time, but the speed of her return was not as fast as the evil cultivator in the foundation establishment period, and she might bump into it.

"I can't believe that Liang Shaotian, the notorious cultivator, is actually merciful."

Mu Xiuyun stood quietly for a long time before she spoke.

Her pretty face was haggard, with bloodshot eyes at the corners of her eyes, and her bright starry eyes occasionally looked at Lu Changan, revealing concern and fear.

"According to the information, Liang Shaotian is generally too lazy to take action against low-level monks who are escaping. Lu Changan's temporary decision is very correct!"

Mu Maode once again praised Lu Changan for his calmness and wit.

"Liang Shaotian, what did you do?"

It's not easy for Lu Changan to ask directly: Why did all the monks from the Mu family run away?

Mu Maode coughed dryly, slightly embarrassed.

Mu Xiuyun smiled, and began to tell about Liang Shaotian's killing and plundering in Zheng's house.

After listening, Lu Changan understood the truth of the matter.

In this case, if he were the helm of the Mu family, he might make the same choice.

Review the incident.

As the person who scared Liang Shaotian away, Lu Changan knew that there was still a small doubt.

That is, after Liang Shaotian "plundered" the medicine garden, he did not go to Mu's residence again.

All the monks of the Mu family fled at that time, perhaps thinking that Liang Shaotian had come and found that the building was empty, so he didn't dare to stay for a long time.

Or, Liang Shaotian stopped the plan due to some reasons.

the truth of the matter.

I'm afraid only Lu Changan and Liang Shaotian know.


"The younger generation is lacking in cultivation and qualifications. Now that the frontline mining area is stopped, the position of stationing in this medicine garden, please let the later stages of Qi refining in the clan take up the post."

Taking advantage of Patriarch Mu's presence, Lu Changan took the initiative to propose.

He felt that the feng shui of the medicine garden was not good. In less than a year, he encountered two crises.

One time was an inner ghost, and the other time was an evil cultivator.

"Lu Chang'an, you are the lucky general of my Mu family. Even if you are not the master of the medicine garden, you can still assist in guarding it."

Mu Maode persuaded.

"Now that the dispute between the two clans has ceased, the evil cultivator Liang Shaotian is hunted down by the sect, and he will never dare to stay nearby for a long time. You can rest assured..."

Lu Changan understood this truth and still declined.

Staying in the medicine garden, he had to contribute a little bit.

Although it is close to the family residence, the security is slightly worse.

In the family residence, he only needs to refine some talismans every year, which is safer and more leisurely.

"Well, someone will hand over to you in two days."

Mu Maode knew he couldn't force it.

Today, half of the monks in the frontline mining area have withdrawn, but there are more wounds.

Patriarch Mu left early.

Mu Xiuyun was left behind to take charge of the statistics of the loss of the medicine garden and the process of dealing with the aftermath.


"Lu Changan, there are some details that need to be checked by you."

Mu Xiuyun rolled her eyes, pursed her lips and smiled.

Lu Changan originally wanted to fish, but at the request of Miss Mu's family, he had to accompany him.

Walk among the medicine gardens.

Lu Changan smelled a timeless and quiet fragrance, whether it came from the gentle and tranquil young lady, or the nearby spiritual flowers and strange herbs.

"Lu Chang'an, you really don't want to marry any girl from the Mu family?"

Mu Xiuyun moved her lotus steps lightly, her starry eyes drooped slightly, as if she wanted to continue the matchmaking from last time.

"In no mood."

This time, Lu Changan answered with peace of mind.

In the past, when he came to Mu's house to prostitute for free, he was short-handed and lacked confidence.

Now, as a first-tier senior talisman master, he has a cooperative relationship with the Mu family.

"why?"

Mu Xiuyun couldn't help but grab the skirt with her hands, and looked at him puzzled.

"The situation in the world of cultivating immortals is changing, and the Qi refining period is like cannon fodder. At least the foundation must be established to have a preliminary foothold, otherwise the precarious situation, how dare you marry a wife and have children."

Lu Changan reiterated his explanation to Li Ergou back then.

Didn't the previous conflict between the two clans confirm this sentence?

Mu Xiuyun bit her vermilion lips lightly, and stopped talking.

With Lu Changan's age, spiritual roots, and current cultivation base, the hope of establishing a foundation is slim.

Even Mu Xiuyun, who is about the same age as Lu Changan, has recently been promoted to the seventh level of Qi training, and the future of foundation building is still worrying.

Compared with sects and big families, it is really too difficult for Xiao Xiuxian's family to get the Foundation Establishment Pill!

"By the way, Miss. You said that Liang Shaotian was notorious, but why is he wanted by the sect?"

Lu Changan changed the subject, breaking the atmosphere of the lonely man and the lonely woman.

"It is rumored that Liang Shaotian raped and killed Xuanyin Pavilion's female disciple..."

Disgust appeared in Mu Xiuyun's eyes, and she said with difficulty.

Lu Changan was astonished.

He had a brief negotiation with Liang Shaotian.

I really can't see that this person can do such a beast.


two days later.

The Mu family transferred a Qi Refining Seventh Floor to hand over Lu Changan's position.

Still an acquaintance.

"Brother Yunfei, congratulations on being promoted to the late stage of Qi refining."

Lu Chang'an looked at the young man with the broken arm in front of him. On his originally handsome face, there was a burnt dark purple scar.

This reminded him of Zheng Centipede who killed Xianmiao back then. He had a centipede-like scar on his face. Was he as handsome as Mu Yunfei when he was young?

"Brother Chang'an, I heard about your meritorious service in the medicine garden. It was the most correct choice for the Mu family to recruit you back then."

The corner of Mu Yunfei's mouth cracked into a smile, and the scar on his face twisted slightly, showing a bit more aggressiveness than before.

After talking.

After Lu Changan learned that Mu Yunfei was fighting life and death on the front line, his potential was aroused and he was promoted to the seventh level of Qi training.

There are two common ways to break through the bottleneck.

One is to grind slowly, which takes a long time; the second is to take a broken-level elixir to increase the success rate.

Mu Yunfei's situation is uncommon, and it is the third type: to stimulate potential in the limit of life and death, and break the shackles.

This way of breaking through the bottleneck has harsh conditions and the greatest risk.

Unexpectedly, Mu Yunfei, who lost his arm, could break through the most difficult way.

Although Lu Changan admired it, he kept his distance from this breakthrough method.

In his opinion, only the legendary Lord of Luck can repeatedly break through the limit of life and death, turning danger into fortune.

In this life, Lu Chang'an will steadily enter the Nascent Soul Stage, with a long lifespan and stable management.

You don't want to try this kind of behavior with a very low error tolerance rate.


After bidding farewell to Mu Yunfei, Li Ergou and others, Lu Changan returned to Feiyue Villa and returned to the familiar house in the other courtyard.

The third day of Lu Changan's Hui nationality.

A sect disciple came to Mu's house to investigate the clues of the evil cultivator Liang Shaotian.

I only went to the medicine garden to inquire about the situation.

As one of the parties involved, Lu Chang'an was not summoned.

The disciples of the sect quickly left after asking briefly.

Lu Changan is better off doing one thing more than one thing less, so naturally he won't stand out.

He practiced behind closed doors, delving into the "Yunsha Body Refining Jue" he got from Liang Shaotian.

Body training is relatively unpopular.

In his previous life, he had to cultivate, study talismans, and work for his family, so he didn't have the energy to dabble in this field, and he didn't collect such exercises.

two months later.

Lu Changan, who was in seclusion, suddenly felt something, and looked in the direction of Feiyue Lake.

"Patriarch Mu is back?"

"No! There are actually two auras of the Foundation Establishment Stage!"

Lu Changan's heart skipped a beat.

One of the exhausted foundation-building breaths was none other than Patriarch Mu.

Another breath of the foundation building period is not stable, and it is easy to sense it.

"Newly born foundation building period!"

Lu Changan made a judgment immediately.

As expected.

In the afternoon of that day, Murenlong appeared in Feiyue Villa in the identity of the Foundation Establishment Period.

The second foundation building period!

The entire Mu family was boiling, celebrating from top to bottom.

In the warm atmosphere, only Lu Changan frowned slightly, his expression not very good-looking.

"Two foundations? It seems that the family dispute is not over yet."

Because, the balance of the two families has been broken!

Just the next day.

The Mu family of Feiyue Lake held a mobilization meeting for the whole family, and prepared to attack the Zheng family back.


		