

this evening.

The shopkeepers of the major shops in Fang City went to the Maple Leaf Mansion on the top of Zhuye Mountain to participate in the discussion meeting held by the Huang family.

An hour later.

When Mu Xiuyun returned to the store, she immediately found Lu Changan and explained the situation.

"The Jiexiu who attacked me was named "Evil Faced Flying Eagle", and he ravaged other cities and towns many years ago. This person was chased and killed by the Foundation Establishment Stage, and he hid for several years after being injured, and unexpectedly appeared around Zhuye Mountain."

The first news that Mu Xiuyun said was exactly what Lu Changan was concerned about.

"Evil Faced Flying Eagle?"

Lu Changan remembered this name, and was able to escape from the pursuit of the foundation building, which was definitely not the ordinary ninth level of Qi refining. No wonder he was able to push Mu Xiuyun to a desperate situation.

Later, Mu Xiuyun mentioned the second thing:

"For the two merchants that were attacked, the Huang family will provide compensation and waive the store's management fees for the next ten years."

Ten years of management fees, the value is not low.

Maple Leaf Huang's family expressed somewhat.

After all, the attack was not in Fangshi, it was some distance away.

Lu Changan thought to himself: "The merchants will be compensated, and those casual cultivators who died tragically will be settled once and for all."

This is the law of the jungle in the world of cultivating immortals.

Most of the merchants in Fangshi have powerful backgrounds, and some even dare not easily offend the Maple Leaf Huang family.

"In addition, the Huang family plans to strengthen Fangshi's formations and law enforcement monks, and actively eradicate robbery repairs. Due to the increase in expenses, starting from next year, the management fees of merchants will be increased by 30%."

Mu Xiuyun's clear and joyful voice was tinged with sarcasm.

Increase management fees?

Lu Chang'an couldn't help admiring that the Huang family would really take advantage of this opportunity to act.

In the first two years since Fangshi opened, in order to attract popularity, the management fee was very low.

Seeing that the flow of people in the market has increased, most stores have begun to make profits. The Huang family raised the management fees of the merchants by taking advantage of the threat to the safety of Fangshi through "robbing and repairing".

Things are really different now.

In the past, it was the opening of Fangshi, begging people to come and do business.

Now the popularity is increasing year by year, and some people are squeezing their scalps to come in.

The Huang family said publicly: If you are not satisfied with the increase in management fees, you can buy the store at the current market price and give compensation.

It can be seen that the Huang family is optimistic about the future prospects of Fangshi.


Back in the room, Lu Changan fell into deep thought.

He thought of shopkeeper Xu and Mrs. Zheng in Fangshi a year ago, and tried every means to get him out.

Lu Changan and Mu Xiuyun teamed up, and the business of the talisman shop is getting better and better. The quality and types of talismans are quite competitive.

In addition to Feiyue Lake aquatic products and copper mining area, the Mu family has another cash cow, and the development is getting smoother.

As long as one of them is eliminated, this momentum can be curbed a little.

If Lu Changan doesn't enter the oil and salt, he just doesn't leave the market, so he has no chance at all.

Mu Xiuyun is different, occasionally going back and forth between her family and Fangshi.

Mu Xiuyun's cultivation base is relatively high, and she has the magic weapon of the flying boat, so it's not easy to do it, but at least she has a chance.


The peak of Bamboo Leaf Mountain.

Maple Leaf Mansion, inside a palace.

"Yu'er, you have gone too far this time."

An ancient man with protruding cheekbones sat cross-legged on the futon at the top of the temple, with a worried expression on his face:

"The merchants who do business in Fangshi do not have a fuel-efficient lamp. It is a bad idea to attack them. A little girl, do you need to personally target and let Fangshi bear the risk of being stigmatized?"

"Uncle Ling is right."

Huang Yu looked respectful, and explained: "I didn't personally participate in this matter, I just provided information to the 'Evil Faced Flying Eagle'. That guy became interested in a rich and beautiful female cultivator like Miss Mu, and unexpectedly Do it yourself."

Mentioning this matter, Huang Yu's eyes flashed a hint of gloom.

He originally wanted to make a comprehensive plan to capture Mu Xiuyun, and use the name of Jiexiu to control the Mu family and Lu Changan.

However, "Evil Faced Flying Eagle" shot confidently, misjudged the quality of the talisman in Mu Xiuyun's hand, and suffered a small loss at first, and Fei Diao was injured by the talisman.

Embarrassed and angry, she even destroyed the flower with her hands.

It would be fine if Mu Xiuyun was killed, but she survived and urged the merchants to unite to put pressure on the Huang family.

The ancient and rare old man snorted coldly, and said lightly: "You can do it yourself. The prosperity of this square city is related to the plan of my Huang family for the next hundred years."


After Mu Xiuyun was attacked, the Huang family stepped up patrols and law enforcement around Fang City, and even dealt with several cases of murder and seizure of treasures.

Around Zhuye Mountain, the security environment has been improved.

The flow of people in Fangshi has grown steadily.

The business of each store has become more prosperous, and the increase in management fees is not so exclusive.

Three years later.

Lu Changan was promoted to the sixth level of Qi Refining, and his cultivation reached a higher level.

As expected, it took a total of six years.

The aura of plants and trees in the square city only improved the efficiency of his cultivation.

However, the cycle of time cannot be changed.

Lu Changan has a lot of free time every day, cultivating, drawing talismans, body training, alchemy, feeding spiritual pets...

In addition, there are personal hobbies, tasting tea and drinking wine, playing chess and chess, going to the stall area, and trying to catch mistakes.

The days are both fulfilling and leisurely.

In the four or five years since he came to Zhuye Mountain, Lu Changan never left Fangshi.

I don't know who it is.

He was nicknamed "Turtle Talisman Master" and became a talking point for some monks in the city before tea and after drinking.

Lu Chang'an didn't care about this, and when he aspires to become an alchemy and a nascent soul in the future, those who make fun of him will probably turn into a pile of loess.


In the past two or three years, apart from his practice and hobbies, Lu Changan's life has undergone some changes.

On this day, Lu Changan was full of energy, got up from the bed, and got dressed.

Beside the bed, there was a pile of nun's clothes scattered.

Green gauze dress, blue apron, white silk socks, delicate embroidered shoes...

Under the quilt, a dark fragrance fills the nostrils.

A beautiful body with icy skin and undulating curves, revealing a slender and beautiful leg like condensed snow.

Oh, this is the eldest lady's boudoir.

Mu Xiuyun opened her starry eyes, her face showed a trace of fatigue, looking at Lu Changan who was alive and well, her eyes were filled with resentment.

There is a saying: There are only exhausted cows, but no plowed fields.

However, this sentence does not apply to Lu Changan who is practicing Evergreen Kung Fu.

"Lu Lang, I have to wear clothes, so don't peek!"

Behind her came the rustling of the beautiful woman's clothes.

When Lu Changan came to the window, his thoughts were in a trance, feeling that these nourishing two or three years had passed so quickly.

three years ago.

After the "resurrected from the dead" healing, the eldest lady gradually let go of her reserved status, sometimes flirting with her eyes, and actively discussing Fu Yi.

One time when they were drawing talismans together, she revealed her true feelings: Lu Changan gave her life, even if Lu Changan wanted to leave in the future, she would be willing.

Speaking of which.

If Lu Changan refuses again, he is not a normal man, not even a eunuch.

The lonely man and the lonely woman got along for many years, under the fire, the two people who liked each other naturally slept together in the same bed.

In every corner of the Missy's boudoir, there were traces of the two of them passing by.

Of course, no matter how affectionate.

Lu Changan was calm in his heart, and he used the secret method in "Secrets of Locking the Dragon", which can preserve the dragon spirit without losing it, and will never leave any heirs.


early morning.

On the first floor of the store, Mu Ershun and Mu Shan sorted out the goods at the counter.

Today, both apprentices are able to refine some first-order talismans, but the success rate is not high, fluctuating above and below the guarantee line.

Mu Xiuyun patrolled the store, checking for omissions and filling vacancies.

Lu Chang'an didn't care about the store business, he was going to visit the stall area of ​​Sanxiu.

In his previous life, he heard that some monks picked up leaks in the stall area and bought self-obscuring or sealed magical treasures.

Therefore, during these years in Fangshi, he often visited the stall area to see if he could find any leaks.

Anyway, there is a lot of time, try your luck.

In a few years, he really let him pick up the leak, and found a fragment of a magic weapon the size of a handkerchief.

Shaped like a piece of cowhide, it is invulnerable to water and fire, and the material is flexible.

The magic weapon, at least corresponds to the alchemy stage.

Even if it was a fragment of a magic weapon, it would be useless with Lu Changan's cultivation, so it could simply be used as a heart guard and stuck to the inner lining of his robe.

I walked around the stall area, but there was nothing to gain.

I went to sit in the teahouse again, and heard the discussions of many monks.

"In the auction held by Zhuye Mountain this time, I heard that a Foundation Establishment Pill will be auctioned?"

"Zhu Ji Dan? Is it true or not?"

"Not only the Foundation Establishment Pill, but also the top-grade spiritual weapon, the Longevity Pill..."

Early in the morning, the teahouse was much busier than usual.

Lu Changan sipped his tea, and was not at all surprised by the discussion about the auction and Zhu Jidan.

The merchants in Fangshi knew the news of the auction a month in advance.

The Huang family once sent an invitation to Mu's Spiritual Talisman Shop, hoping that the shop would come up with a batch of top-grade talismans for auction.

Maple Leaf Huang's family decided to hold a large-scale auction in Zhuye Mountain three months later.

There are indeed rumors of Ji Dan.

In addition, the Beastmaster Zhou family will sell a batch of high-quality spirit beasts in a concentrated manner.

All of a sudden, the Immortal Cultivation Clan nearby, as well as the Loose Cultivators and Zongmen Cultivators farther away got wind of it.

"Zhu Ji Dan..."

Lu Changan took a sip of tea and sighed secretly.

After several rounds of foreshadowing, Zhuyeshanfang City will become the center of the wave.

This is also what the Huang family wants to achieve, to make Zhuyeshanfang City truly prosperous!

With the auction approaching.

The flow of people in Zhuyeshanfang City is increasing day by day.

Recently, Lu Changan even received inquiries from Zhao Siyao and Lin Yi.

After learning about the grand auction in Zhuyeshan, these two friends are all ready to come and participate.


		