

The five-year agreement between Lu Changan and Mu Maode has already expired.

After becoming a Tier 1 talisman master, Lu Changan was going to negotiate terms with the Mu family.

However, after waiting for half a month, no one from Mu Maode or the top management of the Mu family made a statement.

But this day.

Mu Xiuyun's maid came to the door and said that the eldest lady asked him to go out to discuss the way of talisman.

The location is in the "Weeping Willow Pavilion" beside Feiyue Lake.

"Miss Mu's family asked me out?"

To be honest, Lu Changan didn't want to get too close to Mu Xiuyun.

Especially the dating of lonely men and lonely women is easy to make people suspicious.


After half an hour.

When Lu Changan came to the bank of Feiyue Lake lined with green willows, a half-hanging pavilion came into view.

"This is the Weeping Willow Pavilion?" Lu Changan glanced at the plaque.

"Master Lu, please go to the third floor."

A girl's voice as clear as spring came from the attic.

The third floor of the pavilion is a sky garden pattern, facing the magnificent Feiyue Lake.

Lu Changan thought it was a private tryst.

Facts have proved that he thought too much.

Except for the gentle and elegant Mu Xiuyun who was wearing a plain skirt.

There is also a girl in blue clothes, with an exquisite oval face, willow eyebrows and almond eyes, with a bright and charming charm.

Lu Changan felt familiar.

I quickly remembered that this was the first time I went to Jiuyue Tower, the girl in the red skirt next to Mu Xiuyun.

"She is Mu Yinglan, you have met her before."

Mu Xiuyun introduced with a smile.

Mu Yinglan, Lu Changan heard Li Ergou talk about it.

This woman is quite famous, among the young women with spiritual roots in the Mu family, her appearance and temperament are second only to Mu Xiuyun.

"Master Lu." Mu Yinglan bowed, her voice soft.

"Miss Mu."

Lu Changan returned the gift, feeling strange.

The last time we saw each other was two or three years ago, when Mu Yinglan didn't have a good attitude towards him.

This time, the woman seemed to be a different person.

Dressed up, soft and moving.

Sensing Lu Changan's probing gaze, Mu Yinglan blushed slightly.

However, she was not Xiaojiabiyu's type, she boldly looked at Lu Changan with bright eyes.

See you again today, with a different mentality.

Mu Yinglan's almond eyes brightened.

Lu Changan is not only handsome, but also has a special temperament, indifferent and quiet, making people feel comfortable.

A few days ago, the elders in the clan put pressure on her, and under sister Xiuyun's persuasion, Mu Yinglan reluctantly agreed.

When I saw her today, she didn't feel bad.

Although his cultivation is not outstanding, as a young talisman master, he is handsome and outstanding, and he can be called both talented and beautiful.

"Master Lu, I have an ancient book of talismans left below, come back later."

Mu Xiuyun said apologetically, and hurried downstairs.

In the same place, only Lu Changan and Mu Yinglan were left.

No matter how dull Lu Changan is, he should understand.

"Master Lu, Yinglan will make tea for you."

Mu Yinglan smiled, and the fair-skinned and long-legged figure became busy with light movements.

Lu Changan hesitated to speak until Mu Yinglan brought a cup of tea with a look of expectation on her face.

Blowing on the hot air, Lu Changan took a sip.

"Mr. Lu, you take care of yourself so well, do you have any secret recipe?"

Mu Yinglan blinked and asked curiously.

Lu Changan is in his twenties, still looks like a teenager, his skin is crystal clear and flawless.

Immortal cultivators, there is no shortage of people with good looks and skills, this is also a topic of interest to female cultivators.

"Maybe it's because I have a good mentality, and what I practice is wood-type kung fu?"

Lu Changan had already prepared for such problems.

This place is not ordinary, and it is not uncommon in the world of cultivating immortals to look young, so you don't have to worry about being caught and sliced.

In addition to Zhuyan Pill, many exercises have the effect of Zhuyan.

Especially wood-type exercises.

The more common "Changchun Gong" is 70 to 80% similar to "Ancient Wood Changqing Gong".

Nourishes health and retains beauty, its power is mediocre.

Even if Lu Changan radiates mana deliberately, it still feels like an ordinary wood-type skill.

Mu Yinglan looked at Shenghui, and was about to use this topic to have an in-depth chat.

"Miss Mu, Mr. Lu is in a hurry, so let's go out first."

Lu Changan smiled apologetically, got up and left in a hurry.

“In urgent?”

Mu Yinglan froze for a moment.

A pretty face suddenly flushed red, and her chest heaved unsteadily.

Lu Changan obviously left with an excuse.

"The surname is Lu! Who are you looking down on? This girl is willing to come here, it is to give you face!"

Mu Yinglan was very angry.

She originally looked down on Lu Changan.

Because of the pressure from the family, Lu Changan became a talisman teacher again, so he reluctantly agreed to Mu Xiuyun's matchmaking.

She was very angry, her eyes were red with anxiety!

Snapped!

Teacups fell, tables and chairs were torn apart.

Lu Changan, who was going downstairs, heard the voice, speeded up a bit, and left the Weeping Willow Pavilion in a hurry.

"Why? He doesn't want to marry a woman from the Mu family?"

Mu Xiuyun, who was wearing a plain skirt, stood in front of the window on the second floor, lost in thought.

With Lu Changan's age and potential, the hope of establishing a foundation is slim.

As an orphan, it is not so repulsive to marry.

If you look down on mortal women.

Mu Yinglan has spiritual roots and good looks, and there are many suitors.

As long as he marries Mu Yinglan, Lu Chang'an will be cultivated by his family, with exercises, pills, and advice from the elders of the clan, and the future will be smooth.

"Sister Xiuyun, it's not that my younger sister doesn't cooperate. I'm afraid that Lu is not interested in women."

Mu Yinglan came over angrily.

"Not interested in women?"

Mu Xiuyun was surprised, could this be the truth?

But he recalled the two or three times he met Lu Changan.

When Lu Changan faced her, he would occasionally secretly show a kind of appreciation for beauty.

As a woman, this intuition is very keen.

"I'm so mad! The surname Lu is older than me, and his cultivation level is not as high as mine. How dare he insult people like this."

Mu Yinglan couldn't swallow the anger in her heart, and the more she thought about it, the more uncomfortable she became.

"Don't mess around!"

Mu Xiuyun fixed her staring eyes and warned.

Mu Yinglan is a Qi-refining fourth-level monk, if she wholeheartedly seeks revenge, Lu Chang'an is afraid that she will suffer.

"I'm not that stupid! Lu Chang'an is a Tier 1 talisman master. If I do anything to him, the elder will definitely punish me severely."

"I, Mu Yinglan, swear! I must find a man ten times stronger than him, so that he can only look up to him in the future."


"The Mu family really worked hard to recruit me as a son-in-law."

Lu Changan, who returned to the other hospital, was a little dumbfounded.

The Mu family's "matching" ended in failure.

Fortunately, the Mu family didn't force it.

After all, twisted melons are not sweet.

After a few days.

Patriarch Mu Maode personally summoned Lu Changan and talked for half an hour.

The two parties successfully reached an agreement.

From now on, if Lu Changan doesn't marry a woman from the Mu family, he can still enjoy the treatment of a normal clan member.

Enjoy a certain amount of Lingmi and elixirs every year.

Of course, he has to pay the obligation, and he has to refine a certain number of talismans for the Mu family every year.

The materials for refining the talismans came from the Mu family, and with Lu Changan's attainments in talisman dao, he only made money but didn't lose money.

In this way, Lu Changan officially settled in Feiyue Villa and started a cultivation career.


Three years flew by.

In another courtyard.

The evergreen magic power in Lu Chang'an's body roamed through his limbs and bones, with a green implication of endless rotation.

"Eight years."

Lu Changan lamented that time flies, it has been eight years since he came to Mu's house.

After years of observation.

In the cycle of time, the power of Evergreen Kungfu is growing at an extremely slow rate.

At least, it is slightly more powerful than Daluhuo's "Open Source Scripture" and "Tuyan Scripture".

It really is true that the longer you live, the stronger your mana will be!

In the past three years of cultivation, Lu Changan has passed more than half of the third level of Qi refining.

It is estimated that in another year, he will be able to reach the peak of the third level of Qi Refining.

In the Qi refining stage, he basically has no bottlenecks.

The peak of the third level of Qi training is equivalent to the fourth level of Qi training.

In other words, it will take four years to go from the third level of Qi refining to the fourth level of Qi refining.

As for Li Ergou next door, he had cultivated to the peak of the third level of Qi training half a year ago.

The reason why there is no breakthrough is because of the existence of bottlenecks.

From the third level of Qi training to the fourth level of Qi training, it is a hurdle to advance to the middle stage of Qi training.

Li Ergou's qualifications are ordinary, so it's not easy to break through the bottleneck?

Or slowly polished over time.

Or use the rank-breaking elixir.

Broken rank pills are very scarce in the Mu family and need to be exchanged for contributions.


"Brother Lu, let's hunt birds together—"

At ten o'clock in the evening, Li Ergou yelled outside.

"Screaming so happily? You haven't caught a single bird in the past few days."

Lu Changan joked.

It's okay.

"Forget it, let's go play with you today."

"Great! Big brother Lu is going out, and there will be something tonight."

Li Ergou was very happy.

The "bird" mentioned by the two refers to a kind of "osprey" that recently invaded Feiyue Lake.

This kind of osprey is a half-spirit beast bred by the day after tomorrow, and it only eats the spirit fish in Feiyue Lake.

As a result, the fish production in Feiyue Lake has plummeted.

It is rumored that this kind of osprey is a product of the "Yu Beast Zhou Family".

Lu Chang'an, who has been cultivating in Mu's family for eight years, smelled a sign of instability.

This stems from the grievances between the Mu family and the Zheng family.

Ten years ago, the two clans fought over the ownership rights of the first-order copper mine, and the foundation-building ancestors of both sides were injured.

Later, one of the seven great families, the "Zhou Beast Clan", came forward to mediate, allowing the two families to stop fighting and share the discovered copper mine equally.

As the arbiter, the Beast Familiar Zhou family took 30% of the proceeds.

Some time ago.

Under the first-grade copper mine, it is suspected that the associated "Purple Heart Copper" was found, which is an excellent material for refining high-grade magic weapons.

The two clans, which had been stable for several years, were at war again, and more people were sent to the mining area.

However, in the past two years, the Zheng family has received support from a lineage of the Zhou family of Yushou, and sold many of their spiritual pets at an unknown price.

Osprey, is one of them.

Although the osprey can't threaten the monks in the Qi refining stage, it can fly and is good at diving. It secretly preys on the spiritual fish aquatic products in Feiyue Lake every night.

The Zheng family resorted to this kind of trick, trying to drag the energy of the Mu family in the rear.

The real target is the "Purple Heart Copper" in the mining area.

In order to target Osprey harassment.

The Mu family issued a task to the clansmen, and those who killed the Osprey could be exchanged for contributions.

Li Ergou suffered from not contributing to exchange for the broken-level elixir.

Therefore, I actively "hunt birds".


"The accompanying purple heart copper, the harassment of the osprey...the conflict between the Mu family and the Zheng family may escalate."

On the way to Feiyue Lake, Lu Changan's eyes were deep.

"Wait a minute! It's not easy to find such a relaxed and harmonious training place like the Mu family."

"If the foundation-building patriarch of the Mu family can't bear it, or dies, he must run away."

Where did Li Ergou, who was traveling with him, know.

Brother Lu, who is the most trusted by his side, is considering a plan to run away.


		