

"Are you subordinates of the 'Evil Faced Flying Eagle'? A disciple who once attacked Jinyun Valley?"

Lu Changan ignored the threat of the two, and flew to the simple formation in front of the flying boat.

The simple formation only has the effect of covering the line of sight and mana fluctuations, and cannot be concealed from the monk's intentional detection.

"Boy! Knowing our identities, how dare you meddle in our own business?"

The tall masked man on the eighth floor of Qi Refining swept Lu Changan and behind him with a pair of fierce and cold eyes.

They are like evil flying eagles, they will wear bone masks every time they commit a crime, which has a deterrent effect, and it is normal for Lu Changan to recognize their identities.

Seeing that the two did not deny it.

Lu Chang'an confirmed that Lin Yi's death was inseparable from them.

A few years ago, Jinyun Valley disciples were ambushed and attacked, just that one time. Zhang Tieshan once said that the murderer took refuge in the evil flying eagle.

"Hand over the flying boat! As an apology, we don't care about your recklessness!"

The obese masked man let out a heck of a laugh, seemingly amiable.

"The flying boat is here, come and fetch it if you have the ability."

Lu Changan sneered and fell into the cover formation.

The other party asked for the flying boat, so he didn't intend to let him go alive.

Losing the speed of the flying boat, a normal seventh-level Qi Refining, and two ruthless people in the late stage of Qi Refining, isn't it up to you?

"Take it!"

The two masked men made a decisive move. As soon as Lu Changan entered the formation, three magic weapons attacked.

The obese man wielded a sledgehammer, a magic weapon stained with blood, like a millstone, whistling and muffled, and smashed it head-on at Lu Changan.

The tall masked man on the eighth floor of Qi Refining controls a pair of medium-grade magic weapon scimitars, and two arc-shaped cold lights flashed in the air.

A way to seal Lu Changan's back.

A slash towards the flying boat at his feet.

The thunder attacks of the two cooperated with sophistication and ruthlessness, leaving no way out.

Lu Chang'an took his time and took out the magic weapon of the flying shuttle. A cold light flashed and he slapped the magic weapon away with a few slight slaps.

The flying shuttle is good at speed, and it can't touch the magic weapon of the sledgehammer head-on, but Lu Changan's spiritual sense is strong, and the magic weapon is more ingeniously controlled.

He also sacrificed a medium-grade magic weapon [rock shield] to block a scimitar magic weapon that the tall masked man was cutting towards the flying boat, and the two collided to emit sparks.

Lu Changan inspired a high-grade talisman for the scimitar magic weapon copied behind, and a layer of golden pattern mask was condensed on his body.

throat!

The scimitar magic weapon hit the mask, and the light trembled. Instead of breaking, it was bounced away.

"A high-quality talisman of the first rank! This kid is worth a fortune."

The tall masked man on the eighth floor of Qi Refining, his eyes narrowed slightly.

Just as he was about to step up his offensive, a sudden change occurred.

boom!

The soil under the fat man's feet collapsed, and he hurriedly lifted up the mana shield.

Puff puff!

A few zhangs of sharp rock thorns pierced through the fat man's body, and the hastily activated mana shield was like paper.

"Oh no……"

The obese body was nailed to the ground by rock thorns, and the viscera of the head were all cold, and he died tragically in an instant!

"A first-order peak monster!"

A huge brown and yellow rat-shaped monster emerged from the soil layer, waved its strong forelimbs and sharp claws like gold and iron, and pounced on the tall man on the eighth floor of Qi Refining.

The tall masked man was terrified, he was forced into danger by the ground rock rat, and he took back the two scimitar magic weapons, and he was overwhelmed.

The first-order peak monster beast is as powerful as the ninth-level Qi Refining peak, even if the two of them work together, they may not be able to beat it.

What's more, this mouse sneaked up on the ground and killed his companion first.

Lu Chang'an put away the rock shield and sacrificed the magic weapon of the black net.

call!

An inflated black net expanded to several feet, rolled up a gray whirlwind, fell from the sky, and covered the tall masked man who was trying to fly away.

The gray whirlwind set off by the black net approached, bringing a slight sense of dizziness.

The double attack from the sky and the ground cannot be blocked or escaped.

"what--"

The masked man on the eighth level of Qi refining roared fiercely, his body was covered by a black net, as if struck by lightning; soon his abdomen was torn apart by the ground rock rat's claws, and the ground was full of excrement.

From the ground rock mouse attacking and killing the obese man on the seventh floor of Qi refining, to trapping and killing the masked man on the eighth floor of Qi refining, it took only four or five breaths in total.

Lu Changan put away the golden saber talisman in his hand, saving money.

His expectation was to resolve the battle within ten breaths.

With his current strength, even if he doesn't use powerful talismans, it's easy to kill ordinary late-stage qi refiners.

Squeak!

Rock rats are responsible for clearing the battlefield and reaping the spoils. If there is any plot against the corpse, Lu Changan doesn't need to take the risk.

The masks of the two corpses were cracked, and a black diamond-shaped mark was exposed on each forehead, oozing a purple-black liquid.

"Is it forbidden?"

Lu Changan frowned slightly, probably it was the method of the evil flying eagle.

He didn't search, collected several storage bags of loot, and drove the flying boat straight to the direction of Huanglong Fairy City.


An hour later.

A loud cry cut through the clouds.

A large black eagle with three or four feet spread wings hovered over the scene of the incident, neighing loudly and angrily.

After a while.

A man in a bamboo hat with shoulders as sharp as a knife dragged afterimages and came to several corpses.

If Lu Chang'an is here, it can be confirmed that the man in the hat is also a master of martial arts, and he has combined martial arts body skills with immortal skills.

"Monsters in the late stage of the first order, monks in the late stage of Qi refining..."

Under the bamboo hat, red eyes flashed, looking at every corner of the scene.

Immediately, he looked in the direction of Huanglong Immortal City.

Crack! Crack!

The bones on the man's body made a slight crisp sound, and his facial features and figure began a series of changes.

Throw away the hat and robe.

He turned into a handsome young man with red lips and white teeth, stepped on a flying boat, and headed for Huanglong Fairy City.


Lu Chang'an drove the flying boat with all his strength, and his speed was far beyond ordinary.

On the way, he used his spiritual sense to check several storage bags and destroyed some of the suspicious items.

Excluding magic tools and other things, nearly a thousand spirit stones were seized, which is a huge sum of money.

Less than half an hour.

A majestic and crystal-yellow giant city continues to expand in the field of vision, and the surrounding mountains seem to become small hills as a backdrop.

Huanglong Fairy City covers an area of ​​hundreds of miles. Under the city, there is a large third-tier high-grade spiritual vein and several first- and second-tier spiritual vein branches.

The entire fairy city was shrouded in a huge third-order formation, surrounded by white mist, and the yellow glow was shining brightly.

This kind of large formation covering a city and guarding a sect is more than ten times larger than ordinary formations of the same level, and the resources consumed are also proportionally increased.

The sound of piercing the air continued to be heard in the sky. Magical artifacts, flying boats, spirit birds, and escape lights dazzled people, as if entering a world of immortals.

Occasionally, monks from the Foundation Establishment Stage came through the air, and all the cultivators consciously avoided it, but they were not surprised.

In front of the ten-foot-high city gate, monks kept coming and going.

Following the flow of people, Lu Changan registered his information, handed in the spirit stone, and obtained an identity token in a side hall of the gate of Xiancheng.

Lu Changan did not pretend to be.

He has been cultivating in a low-key manner, and currently has almost no clear enemies.

After leaving the Mu family, the Fengye Huang family has no conflict of interest with him.

Facing the foundation building period, the mere disguise can be easily seen through. For the Qi refining period, it is meaningless.

There is another important point.

Even if Lu Changan develops in Huanglong Immortal City, he will still keep in touch with Zhao Siyao of the sect, and exchange letters with Li Ergou.

To a certain extent, Zhao Siyao, who established the foundation of the sect, can be regarded as his background.

The Mu family that has left has also retained their contacts, and there is no guarantee that they will not be used one day.

Including the gifted granddaughter of the Zhou family who owes him favors.

There is no enemy, but also to maintain personal connections, naturally there is no need to disguise their identities.

"Yellow Dragon Immortal City is divided into three parts."

"One is the outer city, enjoying the aura of the first-rank low-grade spiritual veins. In addition to low-rank monks, there are also descendants of immortal cultivators, as well as martial arts masters who seek immortality, and secular dignitaries."

"The second is the inner city, which enjoys the aura of the middle and top grades of the first rank, depending on the region. The major shops, inns, post stations, residential areas, etc. of the fairy city are all concentrated here."

"The third is 'Huanglong Mountain', which covers an area of ​​dozens of miles, and only some areas are open to the public. The best caves in Xiancheng are all in Huanglong Mountain, which can support the impact of building foundations."


Lu Changan made up his mind to seize it later.

As early as a few years ago, I found out the general situation of Huanglong Fairy City.

According to inaccurate gossip, Huanglong Xiancheng was once the site of a branch of the Demon Cult forces thousands of years ago.

Lu Chang'an had planned a long time ago and decided to rent a house in the inner city.

The reason why he didn't choose the outer city was that it was considered a slum, with a low level and poor aura environment.

Theoretically, Lu Changan can rent a cave in Huanglong Mountain for a long time, where the aura environment and law and order are the best, and with his worth, he can afford it.

However, a better spiritual environment, such as a second-order spiritual vein, cannot change the cycle of time.

For Lu Changan, the aura environment is enough.

There is one thing about Huang Longshan that makes him jealous.

There is the core of Huanglong Fairy City, where there are real people who form alchemy and real people who fake alchemy.

Living under the eyelids of those real people every day, their spiritual consciousness can be swept away at will, and there is nothing to hide their personal privacy.


Lu Changan entered the inner city and passed some large shops following the flow of people.

He plans to find a dentist and rent a house.

"Lu Changan?"

Walking to a street, Lu Changan heard someone calling him, his voice was hoarse and old.

Lu Changan glanced sideways, they were a pair of grandparents and granddaughters.

The person who called him was a slightly hunchbacked old Taoist priest with a sixth level of Qi refining, his cloudy old eyes were full of doubts, and he looked at Lu Changan uncertainly.

"You are... Guan Daochang?"

From the wrinkled and intertwined face of the old Taoist, Lu Changan barely recognized his identity, and couldn't help but be surprised.


		