

In the Xiuxian family, if they were born in the foundation-building period, they would often hold a "foundation-building ceremony" to demonstrate the strength of the family.

But in Zongmen, doing so is unqualified, and the foundation building period can be regarded as a small middle class at most.

The newly promoted Foundation Establishment is only celebrated on a small scale, inviting friends from the same sect, and calling it "Foundation Establishment Xiaoqing".

Yunxia Dunguang carried the three of them through the clouds, approaching the hinterland of Jinyun Valley, and landed halfway up a mountain peak.

"Second-level high-grade spirit vein environment."

Lu Changan felt the pure and rich aura of heaven and earth, even better than Yuexin Island where the ancestor of the Mu family lived.

Zhao Siyao's Foundation Establishment Xiaoqing was held in his cave.

The Dongfu covers an area of ​​several acres, the main hall is five or six feet high, and there are gardens, medicine fields, net pools, quiet rooms and other branches in various places.

At this time, there were twenty or thirty monks gathered in the main hall, and most of them were Jinyungu monks from their attire.

The moment you come in.

Li Ergou's complexion was pale, with beads of sweat oozing from his forehead, and he almost collapsed to the ground.

There are six or seven monks in the foundation building period alone in the cave mansion!

Zhao Siyao personally greeted the two of them, attracting the curious and searching eyes of many monks.

Even if those foundation-building monks did not deliberately exude aura, the pressure of the gathering of many eyes would not be able to bear the pressure of the general Qi refining period.

Lu Changan deliberately increased his breathing, showing a little tension and pressure.

Li Ergou was a little dumbfounded that so many masters in the Foundation Establishment Stage who were rarely seen in his life appeared at once.

"Lu Daoyou, Li Daoyou, take a seat here. Don't be restrained, these are my brothers and sisters from the same sect."

Zhao Siyao spoke with a smile to ease the pressure on the two of them.

"Junior Sister Zhao, who are these two guests?"

A man in a toga at the Foundation Establishment Period asked.

"Lu Chang'an, Li Erqing, the monks of Feiyue Lake's Mu family, have known me for many years. Siyao was able to build a foundation, and I had their help."

After listening to Zhao Siyao's introduction, the sect monks present lost interest immediately.

Some people had playful smiles on the corners of their mouths.

Someone chuckled and said: "Junior Sister Zhao is promoted to Foundation Establishment, and she does not forget her old friends. She is so clean and pure, which is admirable."

Li Ergou was fidgeting, it was obviously a compliment, and he felt very uncomfortable when he heard it.

Those Zongmen monks never showed any ridicule or ridicule.

Li Ergou somehow felt that he was being treated as a country bumpkin.

"Delicious and delicious, this place does not belong to our world."

Lu Changan's voice transmission came from his ear. The latter looked calm and took a sip of spiritual tea, not intending to deal with anyone.

Hearing this, Li Ergou felt much relieved.

Zhao Siyao's Foundation Establishment Xiaoqing, the monks who came to participate were at least inner disciples, or masters of the Foundation Establishment period.

Such a circle is not at the same level as ordinary family monks.

But as long as you don't try to squeeze into this circle, you don't have to walk on eggshells and be uneasy.

Lu Changan listened to all directions, and obtained some information from the conversations of the sect disciples.

In the cave, there is a plump female cultivator in a colorful skirt, who has reached the middle stage of foundation establishment. She has a high status and is respected by other monks.

She is Zhao Siyao's elder sister, but I don't know her exact name.

Everyone called her "Sister Qiao".

Next to Senior Sister Qiao, sat a white and fat male cultivator, squinting his small eyes, and sometimes glanced at the elegant and cool Zhao Siyao, but he didn't dare to look directly at the latter.

The fat, white male cultivator named "Jiao Lechi", with a nine-level cultivation of qi refining, is the grandson of Zhao Siyao's fake alchemy master, and he is also accepted in the door.

When the two of Lu Changan first came in, Jiao Lechi seemed interested.

The fat-headed and big-eared Li Ergou was ignored by him.

Lu Changan had a good appearance and temperament, but the fat and white male cultivator took a few extra glances.

"Zhang Daoyou is here too?"

A muscular, dark-skinned young man walked into the cave, and many inner disciples greeted him politely.

Even in the foundation building period, he nodded slightly.

It was Zhang Tieshan who came.

Two years ago, before Lin Yi's mausoleum, Lu Chang'an talked with him.

Zhang Tieshan came to congratulate some monks a little bit by surprise. Before that, he was not very familiar with Zhao Siyao.

"Zhang Daoyou."

Zhao Siyao got up to return the gift, and in order to take care of Lu Changan and Li Ergou, he deliberately arranged Zhang Tieshan beside them.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, I haven't seen you in two years, and my cultivation has improved."

Zhang Tieshan smiled when he saw Lu Changan's rigid face.

"Zhang Daoyou's praise is just a fluke."

After saying hello, the two sat next to each other and chatted.

Seeing this scene, some sect disciples were surprised.

Zhang Tieshan is not an ordinary disciple of the inner sect, he is appreciated by the elders of the outer peak, and now he works in the Law Enforcement Hall.

Zhang Tieshan hates evil like a vengeful, and is powerful in actual combat. There are not a few wanted criminals of the sect who died in his hands.

"Brother Zhang, you seem to be injured?"

Lu Chang'an noticed that Zhang Tieshan's mana aura was slightly disordered, and his arms were a little stiff.

"A few days ago, I fought against a very vicious Jiexiu. That man has flying eagles and spirit birds, and he can come and go freely. There is nothing he can do."

Zhang Tieshan did not hide anything, but told the inside story.

"Flying eagle spirit bird? But the evil flying eagle?"

Lu Changan's heart skipped a beat.

Back then, Mu Xiuyun almost died at the hands of the evil flying eagle.

"It's him! This person's strength is far beyond the ninth level of ordinary Qi refining. He is cunning and cunning, and he is good at disguise. If he is allowed to build a foundation smoothly, it will be a great disaster in the future."

Zhang Tieshan frowned tightly, not hiding the killing intent in his eyes.

He added: "Two years ago, the evil cultivator who caused Brother Lin's death took refuge in the hands of the 'Evil Faced Flying Eagle'."

Lu Changan was moved, no wonder those evil cultivators were so bold and dared to ambush and attack the disciples of the sect, so they took refuge in the "Evil Flying Eagles".

"I heard that Fellow Daoist Lu was the third place in the Huanxin Stage?"

Zhang Tieshan asked curiously.

"That's right, but compared to Zhang Daoyou's first place, it's not worth mentioning."

Lu Changan thought to himself, if he had broken the mystery of the womb a moment earlier, he would have been the number one in the Imaginary Heart Stage.

Zhang Tieshan may not be able to have today's status.

"From my point of view, Fellow Daoist Lu has pure mana, a solid foundation, and a calm demeanor. Jin Yungu, I missed you, a good seed."

Zhang Tieshan said with emotion, and gave Lu Changan a high look.

"Zhang Daoyou don't want to praise and kill me."

Lu Changan's eyelids twitched slightly. Zhang Tieshan's words, even though they were chatting privately, were honest enough.

The implication is that Zongmen looked away.

Zhang Tieshan knew that Lu Changan had a low-key personality and didn't like to show off, so he smiled slightly and stopped bringing up this topic.

During the conversation, Lu Chang'an learned that Zhang Tieshan was born as a blacksmith and possessed a good talent for refining weapons.

This made Lu Changan want to make friends with Zhang Tieshan.

In the middle of Xiaoqing, Zhang Tieshan took out a jade pendant, received some message, and left.

Zhang Tieshan had just left.

On the seat of his small table, came a white and fat monk from the ninth floor of Qi Refining, squinting his small eyes with a smile.

It was Jiao Lechi, the grandson of Immortal Dan.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, you are Siyao's best friends, don't be left out. Jiao is not talented, so I will entertain you for Junior Sister."

Jiao Lechi was old-fashioned, took out a jug, and beckoned the waitress to pour the wine.

All three filled a glass of spirit wine.

"Come on! Let's have a drink together."

The way Jiao Lechi drank was rough, and he drank a glass directly.

Lu Changan was not worried about the other party being poisoned, so he drank it all in one gulp. It was pure spiritual wine, not cheap, but the alcohol was a bit strong.

Where did Li Ergou drink such a good wine, his face turned crimson.

"Today is Junior Sister Xiaoqing's day, drink a few more glasses."

Jiao Lechi enthusiastically persuaded him to drink, smiling all the time, his small eyes narrowed into slits.

Li Ergou can't drink alcohol, and his cultivation is only in the middle stage of Qi refining, and he can't stand it after a few drinks.

Lu Chang'an's evergreen mana can even detoxify poisons, and even mere alcohol is not a problem.

But also slightly drunk.

"Li Daoyou, how did you get to know Sister Siyao?"

"Junior Sister Establishing the Foundation, you have contributed a lot, right? Jiao is very curious..."

Jiao Lechi's nonchalant clichés are especially aimed at Li Ergou, who can't drink well.

Although Li Ergou was drunk, he was not stupid.

Just not daring to offend the sect's second ancestor, he gave an ambiguous answer.

"Senior brother Jiao! Li Daoyou can't drink, so don't drink any more."

Zhao Siyao noticed this, stopped her aloud, and cast an apologetic look at Lu Changan.

Jiao Lechi smiled mischievously and left his seat.

"Zhao Daoyou, the sect does not allow outsiders to stay overnight, so let's take our leave first."

After Li Ergou sobered up, Lu Changan got up and said.

Zhao Siyao didn't ask to stay, it can be seen that the two of them are out of tune here.

She also sighed, no wonder the monks of the Zongmen divided their circles into distinct circles.

The foundation building period has its own circle, and it is difficult for ordinary disciples to blend in.

Ordinary monks outside would never even think about entering the circle of sect disciples.

If Lu Changan's cultivation keeps falling behind, as time goes by, they will inevitably drift away from her.

It's not entirely up to her own will.


At sunset, outside the Golden Cloud Valley.

Lu Chang'an and the two left in the flying boat.

Along the way, Li Ergou seemed taciturn.

Lu Chang'an knew that Xiaoqing, who established the foundation this time, had an impact on Li Ergou's mind.

In the family, Li Ergou's status is not low, and his life is very nourishing.

This time when he came to the Zongmen to participate in the Foundation Establishment Xiaoqing, almost no one looked at him seriously.

Any person can be killed with a flick of a finger.

The way those people looked at him was no different from that of a dirt dog.

"Go, brother will take you to a place."

Lu Chang'an could see that after Lin Yi's death and foundation establishment Xiaoqing, Li Ergou's mood fell into a trough.

He is about to leave Mu's house, which may bring further impact to Ergou.


		