

The world of cultivating immortals is really one moment and another moment.

Not long ago, the Mu family was in a bad situation, and it was about to be eaten away by the Zheng family.

In just a few months, the Zheng family is about to face a catastrophe of genocide.

The central meeting place of Feiyue Villa.

The Mu family summoned almost all the monks in the family.

On the stage, Patriarch Mu Maud delivered an impassioned campaign mobilization.

The young monks in the clan were encouraged, their hearts were surging, and they were gearing up one by one.

Of course, the main reason for the high morale is that the Mu family has one more foundation-building monk.

"Brother Lu, this battle is a good opportunity to make meritorious service. If the injury didn't heal, I'd like to go there to open my eyes."

Li Ergou's blood boiled when he heard it, and he was ready to try.

Everyone likes to fight a downwind battle.

In the eyes of the Mu Family cultivators, this is a battle that must be won.

Even without family recruitment, many young clan members eagerly signed up, eager to make meritorious service and plunder the resources of the Zheng family.

"Brother Chang'an, do you want to join my attacking team?"

Mu Yunfei came over and took the initiative to invite him. His one-armed figure, coupled with the scar on his face, added a bit of evil spirit.

"Lu's cultivation base is superficial and his strength is low. Instead of dragging his feet on the front line, it is better to practice talismans in the rear and do a good job of logistics for everyone."

Lu Changan politely refused.

He didn't want to fight a downwind battle either.

He has no shortage of spirit stones now, so why go to the front line to join in the fun.

In Lu Chang'an's previous life, he was at the peak of alchemy. In his eyes, this kind of battle with the foundation family was not much different from fighting with weapons in neighboring villages.

Mu Yunfei didn't force it, and was somewhat disappointed.

He sighed secretly in his heart: "Lu Changan is quite talented in fighting, but he cherishes his life too much and is too cautious."

After half a day.

Feiyue Mountain Villa gathered the clansmen who went to battle.

The cultivation base is basically above the third level of Qi Refining, and many of them are faces of the new generation, the youngest is only sixteen years old.

The high-end combat power of the Mu family should not be underestimated.

In addition to the two foundation-builders, there are three on the ninth floor of Qi Refining.

The head of the family, Mu Maode, was promoted to the ninth level of Qi Refining many years ago.

There are five or six others in the late stages of Qi refining, including Mu Yunfei and Mu Xiuyun.

There are not many young and strong monks in the middle stage of Qi refining, only ten or twenty.

However, the number of new generations in the Mu family's early stage of gas refining gradually increased.

The family has a bright future.

"This battle, if we only fight against the Zheng family, it will be quite stable."

Lu Changan thought about it.

On the side of the Zheng family, the ancestor of the foundation establishment period was injured.

There are only two people left on the ninth floor of Qi Refining.

One is the patriarch Zheng Yuanqing, whose younger brother Zheng Yuanhua died mysteriously after invading the Mu Family Medicine Garden.

The other is Centipede Zheng, who took the lead in intercepting and killing the batch of immortal seedlings from the Mu family.

There are only three or four people in the other seven or eight layers of Qi refining.

"Let's go!"

Patriarch Mu Maode issued an order, and dozens of monks set out from Feiyue Villa.

Kill the Zheng family in Zhuye Mountain.

Between clouds.

Two figures in the foundation building stage were covering above.

Lu Chang'an raised his head, and vaguely caught a gray-haired old man with a dull look; beside him was a burly figure with falcon-like eyes and a murderous look. It was Muren Long.

"Where did Mu Renlong build the foundation?"

Lu Changan was curious.

For a small cultivating family like the Mu family, the biggest problem in establishing the foundation is the foundation establishment pill.

The second is how to keep the Foundation Establishment Pill and break through smoothly. If the news leaks out, hostile forces will definitely stop it.

"It should be that day."

Lu Changan recalled that some time ago, the ancestor of the Mu family left mysteriously not long after returning to the clan.

Perhaps it was during that time that Patriarch Mu took Mu Renlong outside to build a foundation secretly.


After the Mu family's large troops left.

There are only a group of old, weak, sick and disabled, or "cowards" like Lu Changan who dare not go to the front line.

At this time, Lu Changan remained vigilant.

Because the defense of Mu's garrison is empty.

However, the Mu family was prepared, and the remaining monks put all their strength on guard and opened the first-order clan protection formation.

Relying on formation defense, as long as there is no foundation building period, it is difficult to break through in a short time.

Based on Lu Changan's experience, the probability of Mu's residence being attacked is very small.

Because the Mu family almost came out in full force, bringing with them precious resources.

Even if the enemy steals the house, it has little strategic significance, and it is difficult to break through the formation without sending the main force.

For some old, weak, sick and disabled, the gain outweighs the gain.

The most important resource of the Xiuxian family is the spiritual vein.

The spiritual vein is hidden deep underground, and it is almost impossible to take it away.

Some fixed assets, such as minerals and spiritual fields, can be looted and destroyed at most without hurting the bones.

Time flies like years.

For several days in a row, Feiyue Mountain Villa was calm and calm, but the atmosphere in the clan seemed depressing.

The clansmen stationed are worried about the battle on the front line.


Another two days passed.

Bad news came from the front line, Mu Patriarch died!

It is said that in the "Zhuyeshan" where the Zheng family lived, the foundation-building ancestors of the two families died together.

That day, some wounded came back.

All of them looked gloomy, suppressing their anger.

After inquiring, Lu Changan learned about the battle situation on the front line.

The ancestor of the Mu family was indeed dead, and it is not a loss to die with the ancestor of the Zheng family.

After all, this guy has a short lifespan.

As long as the Zheng family is destroyed and the cultivation resources of a foundation-building family are devoured, it will definitely be profitable.

However.

At the moment when the two ancestors passed away, Mu Renlong led his family to fight to occupy the "Zhuyeshan" where the Zheng family resided.

"Maple Leaf Huang's Family" intervenes!

It was the Huang family that was planning to marry the Mu family some time ago, known as one family and three foundations.

The Huang family only had two foundation builders.

One is in the early stage of foundation establishment, and the other is in the middle stage of foundation establishment.

"Zheng Centipede", the only remaining ninth-level Qi-refining monk of the Zheng family, agreed to take refuge in the "Maple Leaf Huang Family" on the spot under the instruction of the ancestor of the Huang family's foundation establishment.

I would rather be a vassal of the Huang family.

I also don't want to give the Mu family cheap.

This result made the members of the Mu family, who were fighting bloody battles, so angry that they almost fought with the Huang family.

The Mu family paid a terrible price, and the ancestor of Jianji died.

In the end, it was cheaper for the Huang family?

However, the Mu family had no choice but to accept the reality.

Mu Renlong, who had just joined the Foundation Establishment, was completely powerless against two veteran Foundation Establishment Stage players, especially a Middle Foundation Establishment Stage player.


"The oriole is behind, and the Maple Leaf Huang family really has a plan."

The final result did not surprise Lu Changan at all.

As early as when he was stationed in the medicine garden, he heard that the marriage talks between the two clans had collapsed, so Lu Changan knew that the Huang family had no good intentions.

Even if the marriage between the Mu family and the Huang family is successful.

After destroying the Zheng family, the Huang family will also try to annex the Mu family and make the latter a vassal.

"However, the Huang family has to pay a price for doing so, and it will definitely cause displeasure to the 'Beast Royal Zhou family'."

Lu Changan thought of another level.

The Zhou family of Yushou, one of the seven great families of cultivating immortals in the Liang Kingdom.

It is the overlord of the surrounding area!

Previously, the Zheng family had drawn in the Zhou family's lineage.

With the Zhou family not intervening, the Zheng family was going to nibble away at Feiyuehu Mu's family little by little.

That is.

The Zhou family of Beast Familiar acquiesced to the dispute between the two clans.

However, it was unexpected that the variable of the evil cultivator "Liang Shaotian" would greatly damage the strength of the Zheng family.

The Mu family held back another big move, and a new foundation was born.

Instead, the Mu family wanted to swallow up the Zheng family.

In the end, the Huang family, who had been watching for a long time, became the oriole.

The Huang family built three foundations in one family, making the power stronger. This is the result that the Zhou family did not want to see.

However, the Huang family did not directly participate in the war, and the remnants of the Zheng family willingly surrendered.

The Beastmaster Zhou family has no reason to criticize.


Some days passed.

The family patriarch Muren Long led the monk Hui to fight.

The battle between the two clans came to an end.

This crusade against the Zheng family was far from achieving the expected benefits of the Mu family.

The only harvest is that the first-order red copper mine that the two clans had previously disputed is now assigned to the Mu Family of Feiyue Lake.

Later, Lu Changan learned some inside information.

After the war, during the foundation building period of the Zhou family, Huang family, and Mu family, a private meeting was held.

The Huang family took the initiative to give up part of the benefits to the Zhou family in order to ease the latter's dissatisfaction.

The Mu family contributed the most, but it was the party that benefited the least.

The Tier 1 copper mine has been taken back. In addition, attack the Zheng family in Zhuyeshan to get some spoils.

In this battle, whether the Mu family has lost or not, it is difficult for Lu Changan to judge.

But certainly not.

Moreover, after destroying the Zheng family, the Mu family will face a more terrifying potential opponent:

Maple Leaf Yellow House!


The years are long, three years later.

Feiyue Villa, in a courtyard surrounded by formations.

Lu Chang'an sat cross-legged and breathed out a long breath.

Now, he has been in Mu's house for twelve years.

Two months ago, I just turned thirty.

"It's still a year or two before the fifth level of Qi Refining."

Lu Changan was not in a hurry, and ended today's routine practice.

For him, the difference between the fifth level of Qi Refining and the fourth level is not that big.

Only by advancing to the seventh level of Qi training and crossing to the late stage of Qi training, can the strength be greatly improved.

Go to the yard.

Lu Changan received a letter from Zhao Siyao.

After a brief glance, Lu Changan showed thoughtfulness, put away the letter, and walked out of the other courtyard.

At this time, Li Ergou's yard next door was decorated with lanterns and festoons, and red silk was hung high.

Lu Changan came to have a wedding.

Today is Li Ergou's concubine day.

In recent years, Li Ergou's original wife, Mu Qing, has grown old and decrepit, making Ergou tired of it.

A few days ago.

Li Ergou, who was promoted to the fifth level of Qi training, has improved his status in the clan again.

So, with the support of the family's senior management, Li Ergou married a pair of sisters from the Mu family.

My sister, Mu Caiwei, is eighteen years old.

My younger sister, Mu Cailin, is sixteen years old.

Among them, the elder sister, Mu Caiwei, has the qualifications of the evil spirit root.

This pair of sisters is better than Li Ergou's original wife in appearance and temperament.

Prettier and younger.

"Ergou, you have changed."

Lu Changan clearly remembered that Li Ergou said that he liked the type of Cuihua.

"Master Lu."

"Uncle Lu."

Amid some respectful salutations, Lu Changan entered the lively and festive courtyard.


		