

As Liang Shaotian left, many monks on Zhuye Mountain let out a long sigh of relief.

The two foundation ancestors were relieved of their heavy burden.

At this moment, within dozens of miles around Fangshi, there were sounds of fighting and fighting one after another.

"Bastard, how dare you attack!"

"Evil cultivator bastard! Let's join forces!"

"Not good! It's the evil-faced flying eagle!"


Although Liang Shaotian flaunted his prestige and left, he had taken the lead in defeating the foundation of the Zhou family before.

Some robbery cultivators and evil cultivators who concealed their identities, after Liang Shaotian made a move, took the opportunity to fish in troubled waters, killing people and seizing treasures.

For example, the evil flying eagle that once attacked Mu Xiuyun.

Even some normal monks couldn't help being greedy, and started to hunt those monks who showed off their wealth at the auction.

Among them, there were even two Foundation Establishment stage fights, flying sand and rocks, and howling winds.

The scene was once chaotic.

Between clouds.

A handsome man with long fluttering hair looked at the scene of fighting at his feet, his cool lips pursed into an evil arc, and he grinned:

"I, Liang Shaotian, have the final say on whether Liang Guoxiu's immortal world is in chaos or not!"

"Sooner or later, I will recast the glory of Xuanyin Demon Dao and overthrow the sky of Daqing's cultivation world!"

Liang Shaotian let out a long roar, recklessly arrogant.

The speed is getting faster and faster, and the bamboo leaf mountain in the rear view has become the size of a stone.

He took one last look at Fangshi, and a deep fear surfaced.

"The Nascent Soul Great Cultivator who does not belong to this era——Yan Donglai!"

"In the classics of the inheritance of the magic way, there is actually a record of that great repair."

It turned out that many years ago, Liang Shaotian suffered a lot in the Mu family medicine garden, and after being told to retreat by Lu Changan, he felt unhappy, so he went back to search for the classics of magic.

result.

In an isolated book of the Xuanyin Demon Sect, there is a few words mentioned about Yan Donglai, the Nascent Soul Daxiu.

The general idea is: Ten thousand years ago in the Daqing cultivation world, there was a legendary Nascent Soul monk named "Yan Donglai".

At that time, the leaders of the righteous and evil ways greeted him personally.

No other relevant details are known.

Liang Shaotian deliberately found many ancient books, but there was no record of Yan Donglai.

As a result, Liang Shaotian no longer had any doubts about the identity of Lu Changan's remnant soul, and kept it secret in his heart.

He didn't dare to contact the monk who was possessed by the old monster rashly.

"We can't stay in this area any longer. We still have to find some precious materials to initially refine the 'Black Gang Demon Flame'."

"Fortunately, the two foundation builders of the Huang family haven't seen the world before, so they retreated when they were scared."

Liang Shaotian smiled contemptuously.


In Zhuyeshanfang City, the sound of killing outside gradually subsided.

Many monks stayed in Fangshi and did not dare to go out easily, worrying that Liang Shaotian and other Jiexiu would not leave.

"Senior Yan, can you come out and see me?"

The two ancestors of the Huang family, floating in the mid-air of Fangshi, bowed their hands in all directions with a respectful tone.

Senior Yan?

When Lu Changan heard the voice of the Huang Family's Foundation Establishment Team, he felt a little strange in his heart.

At that time, Liang Shaotian held the "Black Gang Demon Flame" in his hand, as if he wanted to destroy Fangshi.

He was very speechless, he had never seen such a person who could pretend.

The Huang family's two foundation building periods were too timid.

If they fight with all their strength, and cooperate with other neutral foundation building stages, they have every chance to kill Liang Shaotian.

After all, Liang Shaotian's cultivation was at the peak of the early foundation establishment, not as good as Huang Tankong in the middle foundation establishment.

When it comes to the foundation building stage, there is a big gap between each small realm, not to mention the number advantage.

The so-called "Black Gang Demon Flame" is nothing more than a superficial appearance.

The aura on the surface is indeed terrifying, but it has not been refined in reality.

Lu Changan had the vision of the peak of alchemy in his previous life, so he could see through it at a glance.

"Since Senior Yan doesn't want to meet, I won't bother you."

In mid-air, Huang Tankong bowed his hands politely.

It can make Liang Shaotian jealous, commensurate with his predecessors, at least a fake alchemy real person, and the probability of being above the real alchemy stage is even higher.

The kind of old monster who travels in the world of mortals and refuses to come out to meet him, the foundation of the Huang family is expected.

Their attitude was nothing more than a sign of respect.

"Friend Zhou, is your injury okay?"

Huang Tankong and Huang Changling built the foundation and landed in front of a cave near the top of the mountain.

Zhou Jingxuan, the foundation of the Zhou family who was severely injured before, is healing in the cave.

The ban was opened, and the two entered the cave.

"It's nothing serious. Luckily, Qingxuan was clever, and kept the severed arm intact, and reattached it to me in time."

Zhou Jingxuan was lying on the bed weakly, with a bandage on one arm, exuding a peculiar smell of medicine.

The girl in yellow skirt who was taking care of her was none other than Zhou Qingxuan.

Knowing what happened, Huang Changling showed surprise: "Miss Zhou, how can you confirm that you can save your life in this way?"

Under the circumstances at that time, it was easy for Liang Shaotian to kill the two of them.

"I have investigated Liang Shaotian out of curiosity. I heard that he cares about saving face, and his actions depend on his mood. Most of the monks who survived from his hands said compliments."

With lingering fear in her heart, Zhou Qingxuan forced a smile.

The two foundation builders of the Huang family were surprised when they heard this.

He secretly made up his mind: after returning to the clan, he must tell this key information to the younger generations in the clan. If he unfortunately encounters Liang Shaotian in the future, he can still win a few chances of life.

After the Huang family established the foundation and left.

Zhou Jingxuan raised his eyelids and said in an unhappy tone:

"Qingxuan, the next time you cut off your uncle's arm, can you say hello first?"

"Hee hee, I'm doing this for the good of Uncle Jingxuan, short-term pain is worse than long-term pain."

Zhou Qingxuan turned her sorrow into joy, and returned to her playful and agile appearance.

After a moment of silence, she said softly, "Uncle Jingxuan, I don't want to go back to the family."

"You want to stay in Zhuyeshan? The property here is managed by the monks in the clan."

Zhou Jingxuan said in a puzzled way.

"I want to settle down here for a few years, and investigate that mysterious Senior Yan by the way."

Zhou Qingxuan stated her decision.

"Senior Yan? How did you find such a mysterious person who is playing games? In the world of cultivating immortals, being too curious is not a good thing."

Zhou Jingxuan didn't quite agree, and persuaded him.

But when he saw the girl curling her lips and biting her lips, he knew he couldn't persuade her.

Zhou Qingxuan is usually playful, clever, and very flattering, but sometimes she is very naughty.


Two days later, Zhuyeshanfang City gradually returned to normal.

Most of the monks who participated in the auction left.

The market is much quieter.

But in the teahouse and restaurant, there were still discussions about Liang Shaotian and Senior Yan.

The crisis and turmoil in the auction left a psychological shadow on many monks who came from afar.

In the following years, the popularity of Zhuyeshanfang City did not meet the expectations of the Huang family.

The popularity of this auction seems to be the historical peak of this city.


The third floor of the Spirit Talisman Shop.

Lu Changan set up formations and several restrictions in the room.

Take out the first-order longevity pill purchased at the auction from the storage bag.

Two days ago, there were many people in Fangshi, and Mu Xiuyun was always in the shop.

He did not take the Yanshoudan test lightly.

At this point, it finally calmed down.

Lu Changan looked at a blackened elixir in the palm of his hand, which exuded a strange smell.

It is hard to imagine that this is an extremely precious longevity pill in the world of cultivating immortals.

Running the Evergreen Kung Fu, Lu Changan's mana was ready to move, which further confirmed his guess.

He sat cross-legged, took the next level of longevity pill, and closed his eyes to comprehend it quietly.

As soon as the longevity pill entered the stomach, Changqing's magic power surged in and swallowed the pill in one go.

Just the next moment.

Lu Changan's heart beat faster, and he caught a much stronger breath of the cycle of time than before.

In just a few breaths, he seemed to have turned into a towering ancient tree, experiencing spring and autumn, the cycle of life, round after round.

After repeated ten rounds, the efficacy of Yanshou Dan disappeared.

In his state of mind, there is an extra feeling that has gone through the vicissitudes of time.

"Extended life ten years?"

Lu Changan opened his deep eyes, showing a hint of surprise.

He clearly felt that his life span had increased by ten years.

Twice as many years as imagined.

This surprised him. After thinking for a long time, he could only guess that the Changqing Kungfu could absorb the benefits of the Longevity Pill to the maximum.

Lu Changan carefully comprehended the changes in the mana in his body.

Soon revealed the color of ecstasy.

"This longevity pill can not only increase the upper limit of my lifespan, but also increase the strength of mana."

Lu Changan was pleasantly surprised.

In view of his own special situation, he suspected that taking the second and third longevity pills might not be ineffective.

Maybe there is no longer such a good life extension effect, but the possibility of enhancing mana is not small.

Unfortunately, he didn't dare to buy a second longevity pill at that time.

Apart from the pressure from the senior monks, it is unreasonable for him to buy a second one.

After all, for ordinary monks, taking a second pill of the same level of life extension pill has no effect.

Lu Chang'an secretly said: "In addition to longevity pills, we have to pay attention to the treasures of life extension."

Taking a life-extending pill of the lowest level can strengthen his mana by a little bit.

If you can take higher-level life-extending substances in the future, the number will be superimposed, and the effect will be expected.

Moreover, Lu Changan's Evergreen Kung Fu is based on the fact that the longer one lives, the stronger one's magic power will be.

The magic power of the Evergreen Kungfu is currently slightly stronger than that of Dalu, but it is incomparable with the sect's kungfu, especially the township kungfu.

If you want to live for hundreds of thousands of years, take a lot of life-extending things.

At that time, the mediocre health-preserving exercises might be as powerful as the Zongzong exercises.

This is not counting the advantages of longevity, longevity, health and sexuality, long energy channels, detoxification and healing.

After testing the longevity pill.

Lu Changan took out another dark gray turtle egg, about the size of a baby's fist.


		