

The bone poisoned arrow pierced through Mu Xiuyun's chest, and the arrow was exposed behind her.

Although it missed the heart, it almost missed the edge, and the escaping damage and poison had penetrated into the heart veins.

"This injury is beyond repair!"

Lu Changan's face was serious, and he sighed secretly.

Such a fatal injury, unless there is a third-order healing medicine, or the presence of the real person of Danjie, can he save his life.

Zhuyeshan, as a foundation-building period city, cannot satisfy the above two conditions.

Lu Chang'an could only input Changqing mana to dissolve the poison and protect Mu Xiuyun's heart.

I hope that Mu Xiuyun can come back to life and leave a last word before she dies.

At least tell the real culprit.

Lu Changan will be a bit more embankment in the future.

However, he just transferred Mu Xiuyun to the boudoir on the third floor of the store, and the heartbeat of the beautiful woman in his arms could no longer be heard.

heart stop!

Although Lu Chang'an's evergreen mana dispelled the poison, but the power of the poisonous arrow has eroded and damaged the heart veins.

"died?"

Lu Changan stared blankly at the graceful and beautiful young lady on the bed, her breathing and heartbeat stopped, and her vitality disappeared irreversibly.

For mortals or low-level monks, this is already a corpse.

At most it is a beautiful corpse.

Before long, the soul will dissipate and the corpse will rot.

But Lu Changan came from the earth, after two lifetimes of cultivating immortals, he knows that stopping his heartbeat doesn't mean he has lost his chance.

Do CPR?

The power of the poisonous arrow erodes and damages the heart, which may cause secondary damage.

"I can only try the secret healing technique of the Evergreen Kung Fu, even if it temporarily saves my life."

Lu Changan sat cross-legged in front of the bed, treating a dead horse like a living horse doctor.

As a wood-type exercise, "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu" naturally has the ability to heal wounds, including a secret healing technique.

Because it would consume vitality, Lu Changan never used it.

hum!

The mana in Lu Changan's body was transpiring, and a layer of green and ancient blue halo lingered between his palms.

It seems as if the ancient wood is stretching out new green shoots, swallowing life energy.

At this time, the difference between men and women is ignored.

Lu Changan unbuttoned Mu Xiuyun's dress, and pressed his palm surrounded by green halo to the wound on her chest.

The black and blue at the wound faded at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Scars gradually formed, and the nearby skin returned to being as clean as snow.

Lu Chang'an couldn't help but be surprised, Changqing Kung's secret healing technique was unexpectedly good.

Just like the ability to dissipate poison, it is far superior to ordinary wood-type exercises.

"Woo..."

Mu Xiuyun snorted on the bed, a thin layer of sweat appeared on her forehead, and a faint red light appeared on her pale face.

"Back to the light?"

Lu Changan was overjoyed, and put his palm on Mu Xiuyun's chest, not daring to move it away, for fear that she would die in the next moment.

"I... am I not dead?"

Mu Xiuyun opened her starry eyes, looked at Lu Changan, forced a smile on her pale face.

"Chang'an, it really is you..."

When she was poisoned in the medicine garden, she felt that she was plunged into endless darkness, and there was a hint of green warmth that pulled herself out of the abyss.

Today, this feeling came again.

Even if Lu Changan disguised himself, the familiar masculine aura was unmistakable.

"Hold your breath and speak softly."

Lu Changan lifted his disguise, raised his hand to stop her, and said with a serious expression:

"You leave your last words as soon as possible. Who is the murderer? I can give the Mu family an explanation."

Mu Xiuyun froze for a moment, her snowy face reflected in the red light revealed a bleak and poignant beauty.

"The murderer is Jiexiu."

"Three late stages of Qi refining, wearing masks. The leader of the ninth level of Qi refining is extraordinary, possessing top-grade magic weapon bows and arrows, and extremely fast flying eagles and spirit birds..."

As she described, her star eyes showed reluctance, and she subconsciously grasped Lu Changan's warm palm, not letting it leave her chest.

After talking about the murderer, Mu Xiuyun felt relieved.

She quietly stared at Lu Changan, with a beautiful and graceful face, showing a relieved smile:

"Changan, it is also a kind of luck to die in front of you."

"Do you know why I announced that I would not marry outside? You clearly have a bleak future, why didn't you want to join the Mu family? If you want, one of our... future children can let you change your surname to Lu."

Lu Changan was stunned by Mu Xiuyun's confession of her true feelings before she died.

It's just, miss, you think too far!

call!

At this time, Lu Changan's mana was empty and his vitality was greatly damaged, so he had to stop the secret healing technique.

Mu Xiuyun held his hand tightly, and could only continue to stick it to her chest.

"Before you die, can you give me a hug?" A shyness appeared on her face.

"Um."

It is difficult for Lu Changan to refuse the last wish of a dying person. What's more, the eldest lady has cultivated and cared for him a lot.

Lu Changan hugged the gentle and elegant young lady in his arms, and the latter buried her head in his arms, feeling the warmth before death.

Um?

With his hands still on his chest, Lu Changan noticed the gradually steady heartbeat and realized something was wrong.

I was in a hurry before and touched an indecent position, so I was inevitably distracted and didn't pay attention carefully.

"Why am I not dead yet?"

After a few breaths, Mu Xiuyun was a little dazed, touching the bone arrow on her chest.

"Strange! Why didn't he die?"

Lu Changan said in surprise, subconsciously.

He let go of his hand and checked Mu Xiuyun's condition.

The pulse is stable, and the fatal wound in the heart has been healed.

The bone arrow was still stuck in his chest, and it would kill the immortal cultivator in a short time.

"How is it?" There was a trace of hope in Mu Xiuyun's eyes.

Lu Changan had a strange expression: "You have come back to life."

"Am I really alive?"

Mu Xiuyun's face was like the morning glow, and she couldn't help shedding a line of clear tears.

"I'm alive, you don't seem happy?"

Mu Xiuyun's starry eyes turned to look at Lu Chang'an who looked pensive.

"……No."

Lu Changan's original intention was to extend Mu Xiuyun's life, and let the other party leave a last word and tell the real culprit.

But the plan can't keep up with the changes.

The secret healing technique of Changqing Gong exceeded his expectations, and it actually saved Mu Xiuyun from life.

This secret healing technique, he discovered after performing it, had consumed two months of his lifespan.

Evergreen Kung Fu prolongs life, one needs to absorb the energy of time.

Will the secret healing technique of rejuvenation consume life energy?

Through this accident, Lu Changan touched the secret of the core of Evergreen Kungfu.

hiss!

Mu Xiuyun was so happy that she touched the wound and sweated coldly from the pain.

"Don't move, I'll take out the arrow for you."

Lu Changan asked Mu Xiuyun to lie on the bed on her side, and first performed the cleaning technique to remove the poison on the arrowhead.

With one hand on his chest, Changqing's mana protected his heart.

With the other hand, he slowly pulled out the bone arrow.

During the process of pulling out the arrow, Mu Xiuyun was in so much pain that she was dripping with sweat. But she smiled and looked at Lu Changan with a serious expression without saying a word.

After pulling out the arrow, Lu Changan applied the ointment and injected Changqing mana to speed up the healing of Mu Xiuyun's wound.

"Chang'an, your wood-type exercises are unusual, and the healing effect is really good!"

Mu Xiuyun was silent for a moment, and couldn't help saying.

He noticed Lu Changan's slightly wrinkled expression.

As if she understood something, she pursed her lips and smiled: "Chang'an, every immortal cultivator has his own secret. After the battle in the medicine garden, I felt that you were different from ordinary monks."

"If you are worried, Xiuyun swears by her heart demon that today's matter will never be mentioned to a third person."

Mu Xiuyun raised her hand, swearing solemnly.

"Missy is not an outsider, it's not as serious as this."

Lu Changan frowned and smiled, satisfied with Mu Xiuyun's intelligence and consideration.

It is not a shocking secret that kung fu has a good healing effect.

For ordinary monks, it is not as attractive as broken-rank pills and foundation-building pills.

Even if it is the longevity extension of the Evergreen Kung Fu, some high-level wood-type kung fu methods also have it, which can prolong life by more than 10%.

Lu Chang'an's biggest secret is the Nine Seals Monument, and the Evergreen Kungfu is only second, let alone the tip of the iceberg of the latter.

"I, the 'last words' I just said..."

Mu Xiuyun's injury was stable, and when she thought of her dying confession, her face burned red with shame and embarrassment.

"What last words? Why don't I know."

Lu Changan said calmly.

The voice just fell.

Mu Xiuyun held his shoulders, her blue hair fluttering, and that beautiful and graceful face magnified in her eyes.

Lu Changan was startled, and felt a soft and sweet breath coming from his lips.

Surrounded by the fragrance of osmanthus and orchid, the two kissed together.

After a while.

Lu Changan, who was in a clear state of mind, was a beautiful woman who looked weak when she let go.

"Heal your wounds first."

Lu Changan let Mu Xiuyun lie on the bed.

"Chang'an, will you go far away?"

Mu Xiuyun felt uneasy and grabbed his hand tightly.

Lu Changan was taken aback, surprised by Mu Xiuyun's intuition, and simply confessed:

"I will leave Mu's house after the seventh level of Qi refining."

After refining Qi to the seventh level, he will go out to seek opportunities to build a foundation, and the Mu family will not be of much help to him.

The time is not yet ripe.

How could Mu Xiuyun not understand the overtones, her starry eyes dimmed.

Letting go, Lu Changan left.

She said faintly: "You are really magnanimous!"

"Since you know you're going to leave in the future, you don't want to get entangled with me? For ten or twenty years, the entire Mu family can't let you have a memory?"


Mu Xiuyun was attacked outside Fangshi and nearly died, causing a sensation in Fangshi afterwards.

This is the second incident in which a business has been robbed and repaired.

After a few days.

Mu Xiuyun united with the major merchants in Fangshi to put pressure on Fengye Huang's family to strengthen the security of Fangshi and eradicate the arrogant robbery.

It is related to their own safety, and all major businesses share the same hatred.

Maple Leaf Huang's family felt so stressed that they had to hold a meeting to discuss countermeasures together.


		