

From the seventh level of Qi Refining to the eighth level of Qi Refining is not considered a breakthrough in realm.

The seventh floor to the ninth floor belong to the three small stages in the late stage of Qi refining. Every time one breaks through a floor, the increase in mana is only 20 to 30 percent.

But from the early stage to the middle stage of qi refining, or from the middle stage to the late stage, mana has skyrocketed by a large margin, almost doubling.

The same is true for the foundation building period going up.

Two days later, when his mana stabilized, Lu Changan walked out of the secret room.

Xuanshuigui rubbed against the remaining breath on his body, and followed him with all four limbs, his movements were a bit silly.

Now, the Xuanshui turtle has been hatched for more than ten years, and its cultivation level has completely stepped into the ranks of spirit beasts at the beginning of the first order.

In terms of body shape, it is a bit worse than the real cultivation base.

Xuanshui Turtle is good at hiding its aura, as long as it doesn't casually see a skilled beast master, it is difficult for ordinary monks to see the clues.

Squeak!

The ground rock mouse eagerly brought a letter, and rushed in from the yard.

Lu Changan received the letter, it was from Li Erqing.

In the letter, Li Erqing expressed his longing, and would like to come to Huanglong Fairy City if his wife and children did not stop him.

About a year ago, Li Erqing's cultivation reached the eighth level of Qi Refining.

Without the bottleneck of a small realm, Li Erqing has made steady progress in his practice since he untied his knots and obtained the medicinal resources rewarded by his family.

It's not that Li Erqing practiced so fast, but that Lu Chang'an's Evergreen Kungfu was gentle and limited by the spirit of time.

In the letter, Li Erqing mentioned Mu Xiuyun again.

Five years ago, after Mu Xiuyun failed to attack the foundation establishment, she stayed at the shop in Zhuyeshan for a long time, and had less and less contact with her tribe.

It's not difficult to imagine that the failure to attack the foundation establishment had a great impact on Mu Xiuyun's state of mind.

A few years ago, Lu Changan sent two letters to the shop in Zhuyeshan, asking about Mu Xiuyun's recent situation, with the intention of comforting and enlightening.

However, Mu Xiuyun did not respond.


Lu Changan just read a letter.

A man's calm voice came from outside the courtyard:

"Shuiyue Residence? It's the residence of Fellow Daoist Lu."

Lu Chang'an sensed the fluctuation of his spiritual consciousness.

The person who came was like a foundation-builder!

"It turned out to be Fellow Daoist Zhang, please come in!"

Lu Changan activated the formation and greeted him at the gate of the courtyard.

Among the two people who came, one of them was Zhang Tieshan, a young and strong monk with slightly dark skin and an old-fashioned face.

I haven't seen him in seven or eight years. Zhang Tieshan is already a monk in the foundation period, and he seems to have made a breakthrough in recent years.

"Uncle Lu."

Behind Zhang Tieshan, there is a down-and-out young man with a decadent expression, whose handsome face can be seen in the past.

"Lin Lu, you're here too."

Lu Changan replied coldly.

Regarding Lin Lu's situation, Zhao Siyao mentioned it in his letters a few years ago.

The last time I saw Lin Lu.

It was still in front of his father Lin Yi's tombstone ten years ago, and now this son is almost 30 years old.

It is difficult to compare the down-and-out young man in front of him with the arrogant young man of the sect more than ten years ago.

"In the past ten years, Lin Lu has almost lost all the inheritance left by his father Lin Yi."

Lu Changan recalled what Zhao Siyao said in his letter.


One or two years after Lin Yi's death, Lin Lu was fairly well-behaved.

The next seven or eight years are really hard to describe.

At the beginning, Lin Lu made a lot of good friends, some were casual cultivators, and some were disciples from other sects.

Lin Lu is rich in financial resources, and he is flattered by those people.

Invite others, go to Goulan to have fun, change two double cultivators in a row, and compete with sect disciples to be jealous.

During this period, he squandered the inheritance left by his father during his lifetime.

A few years ago, after being reprimanded by Zhang Tieshan, Lin Lu cut off contact with those cronies, got rid of bad habits, and planned to cheer up.

However, at this moment.

A pure and charming inner disciple broke into his world.

This pure female cultivator is innocent and romantic, unlike those friends before, she did not seek his money.

At the beginning of their acquaintance, the innocent female disciple often gave him gifts in return, which were even more valuable than the gifts from Edward Lam.

Lin Yi thought that this was meeting true love.

Two years ago, that pure female disciple wanted to compete for the core disciple, so she asked him to borrow a lot of spiritual stones.

The qualifications and prospects of the female disciples are good.

Lin Yi thought back when Lu Changan and others invested in Zhao Siyao and gained contacts and friendship during the foundation building period.

He and the pure female disciple really love each other, the relationship is naturally unusual and can be emulated.

He looked forward to: In the future, there will be a foundation-building female Taoist couple, who will be more successful than Lu Changan's investment in Zhao Siyao.

Lin Lu sold off his belongings, and gave the remaining several hundred spirit stones to the other party.

result.

After the pure female disciple became a core disciple, she turned her face and refused to recognize anyone.

Not only that, she also approached a disciple with a background in the sect.

As for the hundreds of spirit stones that Lin Lu lent, did they leave no evidence?

What's more, in order to appear generous, Lin Lu said it was a gift to the other party.


Lin Lu looked haggard in front of him.

Cultivation is stagnant at the sixth level of Qi refining, people and money are empty, heart is disheartened, and Dao heart is not stable.

His father, Lin Yi, paid the price of his life and obviously accumulated a good hand of cards for him, but in the end he fell to this point.

The only bottom line that Lin Lu kept was not defeating the spiritual stronghold of Yinxian Pavilion.

That's where Edward Lam was buried.

"Zhang Daoyou, please come in and sit down."

Lu Changan received Zhang Tieshan politely.

This time Zhang Tieshan came, and Zhao Siyao had informed him in a letter half a year ago.

Zhang Tieshan had a deep friendship with Lin Yi back then, so he naturally didn't want his only Xianmiao son to sink so much.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, I want Lin Lu to change his environment and hone in Huanglong Fairy City for a few years. I hope you can help take care of him."

Zhang Tieshan explained his purpose.

"Don't worry, Fellow Daoist Lu, I won't disturb your Qingxiu. I rented a house for Lin Lu in the inner city and arranged an errand."

"I have known Lin Yi for more than 20 years, and it is only natural to take care of his son."

Lu Changan did not refuse.

The caring he said was at best done as easily as he could, and it would never affect his practice and safety.

"That's troublesome."

Zhang Tieshan actually prepared a broken-rank elixir for Lin Lu.

However, he wanted to sharpen Lin Yi's character and give it away later.

In this way, he is benevolent.

In the future, they will not owe each other, and treat Lin Lu as an ordinary disciple.


After explaining about Lin Lu, Zhang Tieshan took out a storage bag.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, this is what Junior Sister Zhao asked me to bring to you."

In the storage bag were the foundation building pill materials that Zhao Siyao had collected for Lu Chang'an over the years.

Lu Changan opened it and took a look, feeling slightly happy.

The materials Zhao Siyao collected included one main ingredient of Zhuji Pill and five or six auxiliary medicines.

Lu Changan estimated that at least several hundred spirit stones would be needed.

He was about to get the spirit stone, and entrusted Zhang Tieshan to bring it back to Jinyun Valley.

"Junior Sister Zhao said: You have helped her a lot in building her foundation, and these materials don't need to be given to spirit stones."

Zhang Tieshan blocked it.

Lu Changan sighed lightly, without forcing it.

By doing this, Zhao Siyao was paying back his favor.

When this favor is exhausted.

If there is still a big gap between the two sides, the relationship between them will inevitably weaken and become alienated.


"Daoyou Zhang came to Huanglong Immortal City this time to destroy the 'Evil Flying Eagle'?"

During the chat, Lu Changan learned about one of the purposes of Zhang Tieshan's trip.

"Evil-faced Flying Eagle has been missing all these years. According to some analysis, he may be lurking in the area of ​​Huanglong Immortal City."

Zhang Tieshan analyzed.

"After all, this person has stayed on the ninth level of Qi Refining for many years. In a chaotic place like Huanglong Immortal City, he has a better chance of building a foundation."

Lu Chang'an agreed: "If this thief is promoted to Foundation Establishment, the harm will be more than ten times greater. Zhang Daoyou has achieved Foundation Establishment, and I believe that this shot will succeed immediately."

"Easier said than done? This thief is good at disguising himself, is cautious and cunning, and has been dormant and low-key these years."

Zhang Tieshan shook his head and sighed.

After chatting for a while, Zhang Tieshan took Lin Lu to leave.

When leaving the yard, Zhang Tieshan glanced at the black water turtle in the corner of the yard, looking thoughtful.

Back then, at the auction in Zhuyeshanfang City, Lu Changan competed with Centenarian for the longevity pill and won the Xuanshuigui.

Afterwards, the reputation of "Turtle Alchemist" was used as a joke by the surrounding monks, and there was a heated discussion.

Lu Changan intentionally let Xuanshuigui show up occasionally.

If it has been hidden at home, and one day it is suddenly taken out, what a big guy!

Instead, it seemed abrupt and abnormal.


Lu Changan sent Zhang Tieshan out of another hospital.

A Foundation Establishment Master visits.

The neighbors around him paid attention, and no longer had doubts about Lu Changan's background.

Shortly after.

After Taoist Guan heard about this, he warmly hosted a banquet and invited Lu Changan to his home.

In the seven or eight years since he came to Huanglong Immortal City, Lu Changan and Guan Daochang's master and apprentice have always maintained the cooperation of exchanging talismans for materials, and the two sides have frequent exchanges.

In the evening, Lu Changan came to Taoist Guan's house.

"Senior Brother Lu, you're here!" A sweet girl's voice came.

Today, Guan Qiaozhi is a big girl like a flower and a moon, wearing an embroidered skirt, with a light body and exquisite curves.

Not to mention the stunning posture, it can be regarded as bright and delicate.

After saying hello, Guan Qiaozhi went to the back kitchen to get busy.

Lu Changan and Taoist Guan drank and ate food, chatting as usual.

"Hey, I wonder how long this girl's delicacies will last?"

This time we met, Daoist Guan was a little older again, over the age of 80.

Lu Changan has a keen sense of Shouyuan, and sees that Guan Lao will not live for ten years.

The lifespan of the gas refining period can theoretically reach one hundred and two.

However, various factors will affect the lifespan, such as injuries from fighting skills, internal consumption of energy, great sorrow and great joy, small omissions in practicing exercises, etc.

Generally, Qi refining monks can live to be over a hundred years old, which is considered to be the end of their lives.

Guan Lao was seriously injured back then, and it is difficult for him to live a long life.


		