

"Two hundred and fifty."

"Two hundred and six."

Compared with the previous spirit beasts, the bidding for Xuanshui turtle eggs was relatively flat, with only a few forces bidding.

"Three hundred and two... three hundred and four... three hundred and five..."

The frequency of bidding is getting slower and slower.

"Three hundred and eighty!"

Lu Changan, who had been waiting for a long time, finally made a move.

He is somewhat interested in the mysterious water turtle eggs, but he is not determined to get them. If the price is too high, let it be.

"Three hundred and eighty spirit stones, is there a higher offer? This is a spirit beast of the land blood!"

The old man in the feather robe looked around.

As a result, the scene was silent, and no one competed anymore.

The vast majority of immortal cultivators are not stupid. Even if a slow-growing, weak-spirited earth-grade spirit beast egg hatches, the prospects are unpredictable.

"Three hundred and eighty spirit stones sold! The Xuanshui Turtle Egg was bought by fellow daoists at the VIP booth No. 7."

Lu Changan was a little surprised that he managed to capture the Xuanshui turtle egg so smoothly?

As a talisman teacher, he enjoys two salaries, plus earns extra money, so it is normal for him to be expensive.

But it can't be too outrageous, spending hundreds of spirit stones is close to the limit, and this still has a family background.

"It seems that this thing is destined for me."

Lu Changan smiled knowingly.

Mu Xiuyun couldn't help being thoughtful, she knew Lu Changan's exercises and possessed the healing secret technique of rejuvenation.

If it is used on the eggs of black water turtles, it may be possible to breed black water turtles with normal physique, so as to make a small profit.

The senior members of the Mu family didn't understand why Lu Changan bought Xuanshui turtle eggs, but they didn't stop them.

"Even if Lu Changan takes the first-order longevity pill, as long as the foundation cannot be established, the Xuanshui turtle will not be able to grow up. At that time, this turtle may become the township spirit beast of my Mu family."

Mu Maode secretly calculated.

"Master Lu Fu, please come and get the Xuanshui turtle eggs, the little girl has some details to explain."

A crisp and sweet girlish voice came from the stage.

It was Zhou Qingxuan who spoke.

Seeing that the final buyer was Lu Changan, Zhou Qingxuan looked slightly surprised.

The Xuanshui turtle is suitable for purchase by the power of cultivating immortals, and has been cultivated for dozens of generations. Personally, it's like tasteless.

Hearing this, Lu Changan went to the auction stage.

During this process, he sensed a few strands of divine consciousness sweeping towards him, but they only stayed for a short time.

The release of spiritual consciousness is naturally the foundation building period.

Um?

Lu Chang'an was keenly aware of one of the familiar divine senses, which was abnormal and impermanent, making one's body cold.

"Liang Shaotian? He even went to Zhuye Mountain to join in the fun? What audacity!"

Lu Changan was secretly surprised.

That person's consciousness flashed by, and he couldn't tell where he was.

"Master Lu, this is the Xuanshui turtle egg, and there is also a copy of breeding materials."

Zhou Qingxuan handed the turtle eggs and a jade tube to Lu Changan.

Lu Changan handed over the spirit stone without any hassle.

After the transaction is completed.

Zhou Qingxuan blinked her pretty eyes, flashed a hint of cunning, and said tentatively: "Master Lu, you bought Xuanshui turtle eggs, do you have any experience in nurturing them?"

Zhou Qingxuan was well aware of the situation of this mysterious water turtle egg.

Don't think it's cheap.

The signs of life in the turtle eggs are weak, and a high price must be paid if they want to hatch successfully.

The beast master of the Zhou family decided to sell the egg after a rigorous evaluation.

Zhou Qingxuan guessed: Lu Changan either didn't know the inside story, and bought impulsively with a feverish forehead. Either have hidden secrets and master unknown methods.

"Haha! Ms. Zhou is overthinking. Don't the monks in Fangshi call Lu a 'Turtle Talisman Master'? Then Lu simply bought a turtle pet to confirm his identity."

Lu Changan smiled, with the intention of laughing at himself.

Zhou Qingxuan let out a "puchi", her chuckle was as crisp as a wind chime, her eyes were bright and bright, and her chest heaved slightly.

The auction was still going on, so she didn't ask any more questions.


Lu Changan returned to the VIP table, took out the jade tube given by Zhou Qingxuan, put it against his forehead, and penetrated it with his spiritual sense to check.

Seeing this, his complexion looked ugly.

The senior members of the Mu family saw it and guessed that he might have suffered a dark loss when he bought the turtle eggs.

"Lu Chang'an, you gain wisdom by eating a pit. There are not so many advantages to take advantage of in the world of cultivating immortals."

Mu Renlong spoke earnestly and made a comment.

After all, Lu Changan is a young man, although he is alert and steady, but even a centuries-old monster cannot restrain his greed.

Lu Changan gave a soft "um" and remained silent.

The jade tube given by Zhou Qingxuan introduced the information and symptoms of the Xuanshui turtle eggs, and what price they had to pay before they could hatch.

Its cost far exceeds the bidding price!

According to common sense, Lu Changan was indeed tricked by the Zhou family.


Half an hour later, the Zhou family's spirit beast auction was over.

Zhou Qingxuan left the auction stage and returned to a VIP table in the center.

"Qingxuan, you performed well in this auction of spirit beasts."

On the VIP table, a handsome middle-aged scribe said with a smile.

"Uncle Jingxuan, it's just an auction, it's much easier than domesticating a ferocious beast."

Facing the middle-aged scribes in the foundation building period, Zhou Qingxuan had a playful tone and sat down casually.

The middle-aged scribe is named Zhou Jingxuan, and he is a foundation-builder monk of the Zhou family.


The auction entered the second half, and the items that appeared were of higher and higher grades.

The amount of the auction can easily range from hundreds to thousands.

The number of bids in the foundation building period is gradually increasing.

"The ultimate magic weapon 'Cold Moon Blade' is extremely powerful. It can be manipulated during the foundation building stage. It can emit up to seven cold moonlight blades at a time. The ninth level of Qi Refining will instantly die when touched. It is difficult to resist in the early stage of foundation building. Under the moonlight, the power of this blade, It can also skyrocket by 30%!"

"The starting price is 1,000 spirit stones, and the price will increase by no less than 50 each time."

"Eleven hundred!"

"Twelve hundred!"

"Fifteen hundred!"


All the bidders for the cold moon blade, a powerful magic weapon, were at the foundation establishment stage.

Even Maple Leaf Huang's family participated in the auction.

If it is said that in the late stage of Qi refining with profound mana, it is possible to control high-grade magic weapons, then top-grade magic weapons completely belong to the category of foundation building stage.

"One thousand and eight hundred spirit stones!"

In the end, this top-grade magic weapon was bought by the Foundation Establishment cultivator of the Beast Familiar Zhou family.

That is, the middle-aged scribe next to Zhou Qingxuan, Zhou Jingxuan.

The climax drops slightly after the ultimate magic weapon.

At the auction, "Bining Pill", a broken-stage pill in the late stage of Qi refining, and "Blood Spirit Pill", which increased the cultivation level of the foundation-building stage, appeared again. The latter was also auctioned by the Zhou family's foundation-building period.

The auction is coming to an end.

Representatives of various forces cheered up and paid attention to the finale of this auction.

"The guests from all walks of life are looking forward to it. Next up is the penultimate item of this auction, the finale - Zhu Ji Dan!"

The voice of the old man in the feather robe became excited.

The atmosphere in the venue became tense and oppressive.

Two monks from the Foundation Establishment Stage personally escorted and placed the jade bottle of Foundation Establishment Pill on the tray.

One of the rare elders was Huang Changling, the patriarch of the Huang family that Lu Changan had seen in the auction.

The other was a middle-aged man in heavy armor, exuding a murderous aura.

"I don't need to say much about the role of the foundation building pill. It can increase the success rate of foundation building, and it can strengthen the dantian meridian of the passerby, greatly improving safety."

The voice of the feather-robed old man echoed in the auction house.

"The Foundation Establishment Pill for this auction has some flaws, but it is generally okay. After the verification of the 'Dan League', it is estimated that the success rate can be increased by 15%."

"One and a half?"

All the forces on the field were thoughtful, but still very moved.

Normal quality Foundation Establishment Pills can increase the success rate of Foundation Establishment by 20%.

One and a half, the effect of the medicine is not too bad.

"The starting price for this Foundation Establishment Pill is two thousand spirit stones, and the price will increase by no less than one hundred each time."

The old man in the feather robe said loudly.

"Two thousand two hundred!"

"Two thousand three!"

"Two thousand and five!"


The price continued to rise until the three thousand spirit stones were mentioned, and the frequency of bidding decreased.

The senior members of the Mu family couldn't help but sigh and gave up the competition.

Ten years ago, Mu Renlong secretly established the foundation, and the family paid a heavy price.

Over the years, although the Mu family has regained its vitality, it would be unsafe to buy another Foundation Establishment Pill regardless of the cost.

With Foundation Establishment Pill, there is no guarantee of success.

What's more, this Foundation Establishment Pill has a slight flaw.

Even if you buy it, you will face the risk of being robbed, and even bring disaster to the family.

"Four thousand spirit stones! Is there a higher price?"

In the end, the transaction price of this Foundation Establishment Pill was fixed at a huge figure.

Some forces on the field can naturally quote a higher price.

But not worth it.

The probability of exchanging thousands of spirit stones for 15% is increased, and it is likely to be in vain, and you have to take risks.

"The Weihe Ning family?"

"It was actually this remote family that won the Foundation Establishment Pill."

Under the attention of various forces, a red-faced old man brought a man and a woman to the stage to trade.

The red-faced old man is at the foundation building stage, his breath is exhausted, and his life is heavy. It is obvious that his lifespan is approaching the limit.

Behind him is a man and a woman, respectively the ninth level of Qi Refining and the eighth level of Qi Refining.

The man is a middle-aged burly man wearing an animal skin cassock; the woman is a graceful woman in a green dress.

"Old Ning, congratulations to the nobleman for obtaining the Foundation Establishment Pill. Congratulations."

The ancient patriarch Huang Changling smiled and cupped his hands.

After paying the Lingshi.

The red-faced old man pleaded: "Fellow Daoist Changling, if you can let Yu Sun break through on the second-order spiritual vein of Zhuye Mountain, we are willing to pay the spirit stone."

To attack the foundation building stage, you need to have a second-order spiritual vein. Otherwise, if the spiritual pressure is insufficient, the mana transformation stage will easily fail.

Of course the Ning family has a second-order spiritual vein, but they only made this request because they were worried that there would be many nights and dreams on the road.

"no!"

Huang Changling's complexion changed, and he resolutely refused.

"It's not that Huang is unreasonable. Breaking through the foundation building period will draw a lot of heaven and earth spiritual energy. The second-level spiritual veins of Zhuyeshan are related to the stable operation of the second-level protective formation in Fangshi. I hope that fellow Taoist Ning will forgive me during this extraordinary period."


		