

Who would have thought that Li Ergou, who was in high spirits a few days ago, would be filled with joy and sorrow today.

Lu Changan sighed that the world is impermanent.

When people are in the scenery, don't float away.

Lu Changan said: "You don't have to be so pessimistic."

"Brother Lu, I know my level of fighting skills. If I go to the frontline mining area, life and death are unpredictable."

Li Ergou looked bitter.

He was not sure of coming back alive, so he asked the most trusted Lu Changan to entrust his will.

"Actually, you have an advantage."

"What advantages?" Li Ergou was taken aback.

"You are very self-aware, you know how much you weigh."

Li Ergou is a man with no courage, he is weak in fighting skills, and he has no actual combat skills.

"Brother Lu, what time is it, are you still burying me?"

"It's not necessarily a bad thing for you to save your life."

"Cultivators are afraid of being too self-confident. They think they are superior to their peers and don't take ordinary monks seriously. I don't know how many talented monks have taken it lightly and capsized in the gutter."

Lu Changan said with emotion, took out two talismans from the storage bag, and handed them to Li Ergou.

"This is the Healing Talisman and the Wind Speed ​​Talisman. Brother can only help you so far."

After all, we met once, for eight years.

Perhaps, this is the last time I saw Li Ergou.

Lu Changan would not be too stingy, the two talismans he gave were both high-quality products of the same level.

Now, he is considered a senior first-tier talisman master in Mu's family, and occasionally refines middle-grade talisman.

"Thank you brother."

After Li Ergou took the talisman, he looked at Lu Changan eagerly.

"Okay, I promise you."

Lu Changan sighed, "If it really comes to that point, elder brother will take care of your wife and daughter as much as he can."

Only then did Li Ergou break his sorrow into a smile, and a heavy stone fell from his heart.

Before leaving, he couldn't help asking:

"Brother Lu, shouldn't I change my name?"

Before the name change.

Li Ergou is going smoothly, I don't know how moist it is.

As a result, after changing his name to "Li Changqing", he stepped into the abyss with one foot.

"Fate, luck, mysterious and mysterious, who can tell?"

Lu Changan shook his head, unable to answer.

After all, in his previous life, he was only in the alchemy stage, so he can't be called a great power.

In the world of cultivating immortals, there are too many things that he cannot understand.


The next day, Li Ergou left Feiyue Mountain Villa and followed the family's young and strong monks to the copper mining area.

Lu Changan watched his back.

I pondered for a long time.

Looking at the center of Feiyue Lake, the outline of "Yuexin Island" can be vaguely seen.

There, it is the dojo where the founder of the Mu family's foundation is resident.

Lu Changan's soul is extraordinary, and he can also bless the soul imprint lit up in the first life in the [Nine Seals Monument], raising his spiritual consciousness to a higher level.

He sensed that the ancestor of the Mu family was still there, but his breath was getting weaker and weaker.

In Jinyun Valley that year, Lin Yi inquired about the gossip, saying that the ancestor of the Mu family would not live for ten years.

According to Lu Changan's remote sensing, it is not too bad, and there are about three to five years left.

This judgment is not entirely based on the perception of the soul, but also the keen capture of the years and the breath of longevity in "Ancient Wood Evergreen Art".

Lu Changan's bottom line is that as long as the foundation-building patriarch can hold on, he will stay on the sidelines and not rush to run away.

"However, three to five years later. If the Mu family does not have a new foundation period, they will definitely not be able to protect the second-order spiritual veins. By then..."

Lu Changan withdrew his gaze, and silently planned several plans in his heart.


two months later.

There was no news of Li Ergou from the frontline mining area.

As the mining area is far away, as a foreigner, Lu Changan's news is relatively closed.

However, sometimes the wounded came back, and the younger Mu family monks went to the front line.

The tense situation will eventually affect Lu Changan.

"To garrison in the medicine garden?"

On this day, when Lu Changan handed over a batch of talismans, he received an arrangement from the top of the Mu family.

Lu Changan's cultivation is not in the middle stage of Qi refining, and as a talisman master, the family will not let him go to the front unless it is absolutely necessary.

But apart from the front line of the mining area, the Mu family still has some assets to protect.

For example, medicine gardens, spiritual fields, water resources, etc.

Mu's family has a medicine garden, which is in the valley two hundred miles away from Feiyue Villa.

Because it is close to the family residence, it is relatively safe to be stationed in the medicine garden.

"The medicine garden is located in a spiritual land, and there is a spirit gathering array. You can practice there, make talismans, and help the family guard the medicine garden by the way."

The family steward who took Lu Changan to the medicine garden explained in this way.

Lu Changan had no reason to refuse.

Li Ergou has gone to the front line, and it makes sense for him to do logistics in the medicine garden.

Because the distance is not far.

Lu Changan drove the Wujin knife and flew directly to the medicine garden.

Accompanying him were two or three young people from the Mu family, who were around the second level of Qi Refining.

In the valley where the medicine garden is located, there is a natural formation that gathers the essence of the sun and the moon, which is suitable for planting medicinal materials.

The entire medicine garden covers an area of ​​several thousand acres, and is protected by a first-order formation.

In addition to the divided planting areas, there is a house in the medicine garden, built in front of the stream, similar to a small village.

Entering the medicine garden, everyone has arranged a separate wooden house.

The conditions are definitely not as good as Feiyue Villa.

"Lu Changan."

Hearing someone calling him, Lu Changan looked sideways.

It was a young man with a broken arm with a familiar face, with many bandages on his body.

"Mu Yunfei?"

Lu Changan recalled briefly, and recognized the identity from the handsome face of the young man with the broken arm.

Eight years ago, Mu Yunfei had escorted their group of fairy seedlings home, and distributed spirit stones to them on the way.

The two had fought side by side.

Back then, Lu Changan used his first level of Qi training to kill a monk from the Zheng family who was at the third level of Qi training, and was praised by Mu Yunfei.

"Brother Yunfei, is your arm in the frontline mining area..."

Lu Changan was slightly surprised.

"Well, my injury needs to be recuperated for a year, and the owner asked me to take care of the medicine garden. After all, this is an important place for the family, and the elders who were guarding it before went to the front line."

Mu Yunfei's voice was low and slightly hoarse.

It is no longer the family rookie eight years ago.

Mu Yunfei is two years older than Lu Changan, with a peak Qi training level six, he is considered young and strong in the clan.

Lu Chang'an thought to himself: "Even the wounded are on duty with illness. It seems that the Mu family is really short of manpower."


A few days later, Lu Changan got used to life in the medicine garden.

The aura of the medicine garden is not comparable to Feiyue Villa.

However, the rich grass and tree essence here is a blessing for Lu Changan's "Ancient Wood Evergreen Kung Fu" in the wood system.

Therefore, his cultivation speed is no less than that of Feiyue Villa on the first-order spiritual vein.

In the past few days, Lu Changan and Mu Yunfei got to know each other well, and found out about the situation in the frontline mining area.

In the depths of the copper mining area, the associated "purple heart copper" was indeed found.

Purple heart copper is not within the scope of the two clans' original agreement to divide equally.

Moreover, the branches of Purple Heart Copper are very scattered, and the quantity is small, so it is easy to be hidden.

Today, the monks of the two clans use their own means to mine purple heart copper, and sometimes fight.

"As the adjudicator of the year, the Yushou Zhou family didn't take action to stop it?"

Lu Changan asked Mu Yunfei curiously.

"The Beastmaster Zhou family?"

Mu Yunfei snorted, "The Zhou family clearly favors the Zheng family! A pair of sisters from the Zheng family who have spiritual roots are married to the young master of one of the Zhou family."

The Zhou family of Yushou, as one of the seven great families, has a fake Dan real person in the family, and there are nearly ten people in the foundation period.

The power is huge, and the branches and factions within the clan are also relatively complicated.

Fortunately, only one of them was recruited by the Zheng family, otherwise the Mu family could have surrendered directly.

The reason why Mu Yunfei said that the Zhou family was partial.

Because there are many young and strong monks in the Zheng family, the ancestors of the family still have 20 or 30 years to live and are in better condition.

The Zhou family does not uphold justice, and if it continues to be consumed for such a long time, the Zheng family will have the opportunity to nibble away and annex the Mu family's property.

"You don't have to worry, my Mu family is in contact with the 'Maple Leaf Huang family', and there is a possibility of marriage. The Huang family has three foundations and is powerful."

As if seeing Lu Changan's worry, Mu Yunfei revealed.

"Fengye Huang's family, married?"

Lu Changan was thoughtful.

It seems that both the Zheng family and the Mu family are wooing powerful allies.


"Be quicker with your hands and feet! Pick off those mist orchids, and Ge waits for alchemy."

On this day, Lu Changan was chatting with Mu Yunfei, when an impatient hoarse voice came from the medicine field area not far away.

"Who is he?"

Lu Changan glanced at an old man in ancient robes with swollen eye bags in the distance.

He didn't notice before that there was actually a senior who practiced Qi at the seventh level in the medicine garden.

"He is the 'Ge Yi' alchemist, one of the family's four great guests. Because of the urgent shortage of pills recently, Mr. Ge is always stationed here in the medicine garden, so that it is convenient to obtain materials for alchemy."

Mu Yunfei showed respect and introduced.

Lu Changan suddenly realized that he was a senior alchemist, no wonder he had such a big temper, he shouted at several Mu family youths like commanding his grandson.

After Ge Danshi left.

Mu Yunfei lowered his voice and said, "Old Ge has a bad temper. You should be careful not to offend him. Old Ge has friendship with Patriarch, so the Patriarch should give way."

"Brother Xie Yunfei for the reminder."

Lu Changan nodded.

He is assisting in guarding the medicine garden, practicing in a low-key manner, and doesn't have to deal with Elder Ge.


The medicine garden is in the rear, and has been peaceful and worry-free.

I practiced peacefully for half a year.

this day.

Sitting cross-legged in the room, Lu Chang'an, who had absorbed the spiritual energy of plants and trees, suddenly opened his pitch-black pupils.

"The peak of the third level of Qi training."

Since he is re-cultivating, there is basically no bottleneck in the Qi refining period.

It means that you can step into the mid-stage of gas refining at any time.


		