

It turns out that among the eighth generation disciples of the Kongchao Temple, there is also an uncle, Master Ji Fen.

Joining the Shasheng Temple at the same time as the Lonely Zen Master, and passing the blood test at the same time, just like Lichen and Lisao at this time.

The two supported each other and developed a deep friendship of the same family.

Zen Master Lonely spoke eloquently, with a rather majestic face, probably recalling those passionate years.

Practice together, fight monsters together, and break through levels together.

But soon the wandering look on his face changed, and his tone was slightly bitter: "Unfortunately..."

"Until one day, when he came back from his training at the foot of the mountain, he suddenly lost his mind."

"At first, I thought he was tired physically and mentally, but I never expected him to tell me..."

"He fell in love with a woman, that woman was as gentle as water, and she was obedient to him, so she had no intention of practicing..."

"Amitabha, sin, sin!"

Speaking of this, Lonely Zen Master's face became a little more puzzled.

"Buddha said, love and desire are nothing more than sex, and sex is desire, and there is nothing bigger than it."

"The great horror of lust depends on one. If the two are the same, all people in the world will be unable to be Taoists."

"Woman! Poison!"

"We wait for the stumbling block on the way of Zen disciples to practice, and everyone avoids it."

"But Junior Brother Ji Fen, why doesn't he understand?"

[It was agreed to serve the Buddha together, but you secretly got involved in the world of mortals. 】

Li Chen and Li Sao looked at each other: Why do you feel that the master is jealous?

"The Shurangama Sutra says: If the lustful mind is not eliminated, the dust cannot come out."

"In the Sacrificing Temple, I have never been close to women, because our temple has a good atmosphere."

"It's a pity... the silent burning of him ruined the thousand-year-old reputation of the Shasheng Temple."

The corner of Li Sao's mouth twitched: Keke, the main reason why the Shasheng Temple is not close to women is that it is located in the deep mountains and old forests, with a radius of hundreds of miles, even mosquitoes are common.

[Ji Fen, do you still remember our original oath? 】


"It's a pity that my junior brother originally had a bright future. A beauty is a disaster, a beauty is a disaster."

Seeing the Lonely Zen Master lamenting again and again, Li Sao became a little anxious, so he interjected: "Master, what does this master uncle have to do with the insect eggs on my body?"

Zen Master Lonely sighed: "Before Shasheng Temple, there was a Demon Farmer's Gate in the world of comprehension. It was originally from a farmer's family, but later it became a giant in the way of magic."

"Monongmen has an incomplete inheritance, which has been tossed and passed around, and one of them was later passed into the Shasheng Temple.

This inheritance is called "Growing Bean Skills", and its meaning is "If you plant melons, you will get melons, and if you sow beans, you will get beans."

You can condense your own qi and blood into demon seeds, plant them in the dantian of others, and feed back to yourself through the accumulation of the other's qi and blood. "

"Although it is a magic method, it also has traces of the original avenue, and a connection can be established through the origin of the blood."

"For example, the blood-winged black mosquito is the main body, and the eggs are the demon seeds."

"In other words, the blood-winged black mosquito has already planted demon seeds on your junior brother."

Li Chen suddenly realized.

The so-called reaping of beans is actually a method of establishing connections by tracing back to the source.

It's just that Li Chen frowned suddenly.

This reminded him of the 'Blood Droplet' in the Killing Concentration.

Will the two be somehow related?

At this time, Li Sao was crying: "No way, master, this method sounds abnormal."

Lonely Zen Master curled his lips: "Either you wait to die?"

Li Sao hurriedly said, "I'm dead, so it's you who suffer the most."

Zen Master Lonely shook his head slightly and said, "However, you don't have to worry about it. It's also good for you to have the devil's seeds on you."

"As the carrier of the devil seed, you can also borrow the power of the devil seed."

When Li Sao heard the words, the depressed look on his face instantly disappeared.

"Master, where is my uncle now?"

"It's not too late, hurry up!"

In the end, Zen Master Lonely showed embarrassment: "Speaking of it...it may be a little troublesome."

"Back then, Ji Fen fell in love with that woman and insisted on leaving the Shasheng Temple, so he became angry with his teacher and gave him...a little training."

Training is indeed a traditional project of the empty nest monastery.

"Ahem, later he escaped from the Shasheng Temple while he was recovering from his injuries."

"Your master was furious and insisted on asking me to go and clear it up."

"For the sake of my teacher's friendship, I secretly reported to him, telling him to stay away when he sees a bald head."

"So you two may have to work hard."

Li Chen Li Sao looked at each other: What's wrong with being bald?

"Later, your master passed away and became the head seat of the empty nest monastery as a master, and this matter was completely let go."

After speaking, he took out a note from his sleeve, on which was written an address: Anhou City, Fengbai Mountain.

Anhou City and Shasheng Temple are located in the same southern border, but they are thousands of miles away.

If Li Chen went there by ascetic boat, it would probably take half a month, but if he brought Li Sao, it would take at least two months.

After all, flying an imperial weapon also requires mana.

"Although there is still half a year left for the worm in Lisao's stomach, try not to delay on the road."

After speaking, he took out another booklet and two signs.

"This is the beast control technique and the beast control card."

"After you learn it, you can go to the Killing Forest to find a spirit beast instead."

Shasheng Temple is not good at controlling beasts, but after all, it has a profound foundation, and this book on controlling beasts is also rare.

The premise of beast control is to tame the beast first. Only after the spirit beast is subdued, it will be obedient.

After a stick of kung fu, Li Chen and Li Sao have learned a lot.

The two bid farewell to the Lonely Zen Master, and immediately went to the Killing Forest.

Since joining the Killing Temple, Li Chen has only been to the Killing Forest once, and almost lost his life.

But this time is not what it used to be, and he is no longer that incompetent practicing monk.

At least around the killing temple, there should be no pressure.

The so-called spirit beasts are wild beasts that have already given birth to intelligence. Compared with wild beasts, they are a little more spiritual, and compared with monster beasts, they are a little less hostile.

Therefore, it is more suitable for domestication by humans.

Generally speaking, spirit beasts are nourished by the aura of heaven and earth, and their bodies are relatively strong.

Although there are many wild beasts in the killing forest, there are very few spirit beasts.

"I've long been looking forward to learning the art of controlling animals. Hey, I got my wish today, brother. I'll take a step ahead."

Li Chen nodded, looking at his appearance, he was actually a bit high-spirited.

Li Chen was not in a hurry, the dull hair on his head stood up, and all the sounds around him could be heard in his heart.

While listening, he walked to the depths of the killing forest.

I have to say that Killing Forest is really a paradise for wild animals, where you can see almost all kinds of animals.

Each kind of beast has its own walking habits, and the sounds they transmit are naturally different.

Li Chen listened carefully, and finally, among the many voices, he found a sound, four hooves stomping on the ground, which was extremely crisp and powerful.

With four hooves on the ground, it should be herbivorous, good at running, and relatively gentle in character, so it is easier to tame.

Li Chen looked around, it was already deep enough, and if he went further in, he might encounter a monster.

After making up his mind, he immediately used the technique of shadow escape and approached the target silently.

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		