

At this time, Li Chen also happened to break through, and was taken aback when he heard 'brewing true energy'.

It sounds like the name has something to do with wine.

Seeing Lichen's puzzled face, the sloppy drunkard asked, "The true energy in your body doesn't seem to come from Susheng Temple, does it?"

The performance of "Bacchus" is completely different from the performance of "Hua Xue Zhen Jing".

So when he was at Shasheng Temple, Lichen prepared an excuse.

"Returning to the predecessors, the little monk is practicing the "Blood Transformation Sutra", but he was baptized by the Buddha's music in the small world, and got rid of the demonic nature."

The sloppy drunk was taken aback, and reached out to pat Li Chen.

Li Chen felt that the zhenqi in his body was a little out of control, as if he was being pulled by the other party's zhenqi again.

"Strange~"

"This infuriating energy is somewhat similar to "Brewing Infuriating Qi" in my idiot's valley."

"True Qi is like wine, it flows thicker, the whole body turns into mist, and the fragrance of wine is hidden."

"Little monk, how about you betray Shasheng Temple and join me in the Valley of Idiots."

Valley of the Idiots?

Li Chen's face was full of black lines: "Senior was joking."

"Hey, others can't come if they want to ask for it."

The sloppy drunk curled his lips.

Bang~

At this moment, there was a sudden noise in the cave.

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, knowing that the method of pouring wine to lure monkeys must have worked.

Walking over to take a look, sure enough, the pile of sundries has changed a little.

Li Chen thought for a while and added another fire, and after a while he slapped the gourd, another line of scarlet wine penetrated the ground.

The sloppy drunkard on one side was stunned: What's going on? Really let this kid be fooled? ? ?

Calculating the time, Tianlu Spirit Monkey should also be drunk.

At this time, as soon as the smell of alcohol entered the ground, its addiction to alcohol was completely aroused.

Sure enough, the pile of debris moved again, and a big bag bulged from the ground.

At this time, Li Chen was not stingy, and continued to sprinkle the red honey wine on the ground.

The big bag on the ground followed closely behind.

squeak~

It finally couldn't bear it and jumped up from the ground.

There was a blur in Li Chen's eyes, and when he looked intently, the Tianlu monkey was covered with golden fur, which made people's eyes hurt.

It has a thin body and extremely long hands and feet, but at this time its eyes are closed, and it relies on its nose to constantly search for the smell of wine.

Sure enough, as the sloppy alcoholic said, once the Tianlu monkey becomes addicted to alcohol, it will find you without you looking for it.

But he didn't say that this guy would be crazy about alcohol when he was addicted to alcohol!

Shua~

One didn't pay attention, and the monkey suddenly stuck to Li Chen's body.

It seems to be out of order, but the speed is extremely fast, it should be its natural supernatural power.

Li Chen was overjoyed, what he was waiting for was now.

With a stretch of his hand, the red honey wine entangled Tianlu Spirit Monkey.

The monkey was really addicted to alcohol, and when he had good wine, he stopped his movements immediately.

Seeing that the time was right, Li Chen picked up a rosary bead and hit Tianlu Spirit Monkey with a 'chuo'.

The poor Tianlu Spirit Monkey still had his eyes closed, and he didn't know what was going on, so he was taken into the Lingzhu space.

Li Chen couldn't help being overjoyed, and with a simple move, the rosary turned around.

[Tianlu Spirit Monkey was collected into the Lingzhu space and became the spirit of this Fangzhu, and the space is evolving...]

It's done.

From the beginning to the end, the sloppy alcoholic on one side didn't make a move, but gritted his teeth, his eyes were red, and he muttered in his mouth: "Wine tastes like a character, wine tastes like a character..."

"Senior... are you okay?"

"Wine tastes like character, wine tastes like character..."

The heart is bleeding.

"Ahem, senior, what wine jug is better for this wine?"

The sloppy alcoholic showed embarrassment: "Ahem, the wine is good, any jug is the same."

After finishing speaking, he turned and left without looking back. When he reached the entrance of the cave, he suddenly threw an object.

Li Chen subconsciously reached out to catch it, and it turned out to be a golden token.

The token was about half the size of a palm, with the word 'idiot' written on the front and the word 'wine' written on the back.

Li Chen put the token in his arms and hurriedly chased after him.

At this time, the smell of blood in the valley had gradually dissipated, and Li Sao had already woken up.

"Brother, who is this sloppy drunkard?"

When the drunkard heard this, his expression became serious: "It's not polite."

Li Chen clasped his hands together: "Amitabha, little monk Li Chen, this is my junior brother Li Sao, senior, please don't blame me."

The sloppy drunkard raised the flagon at his waist, fed him a couple of mouthfuls, and then sighed: "Old man Qu Huanbo, there is no need to be polite."

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, he was still from the same family.

"Senior Qu, it's a pleasure to meet you."

The disaster here has been eliminated, the spirit beast has been caught, but there is still a difficult matter to deal with.

The three of them came to the platform where Da Xuan dug.

This platform is suspended in the air, there is no point of strength around it, if one wants to get down, unless one can jump up and down like a big stick, it is inevitable that one will fall off the cliff and be smashed to pieces.

There were about 20 women on the platform, each of whom was wearing thin clothes, panicked, and curled up in a corner at a loss.

Li Chen sighed, what a crime.

Immediately, he clasped his hands together and proclaimed the Buddha's name: "Amitabha."

"Female benefactors, the evil here has been eliminated, you can go home separately."

Unexpectedly, after these women heard the words, their expressions were numb, and some of them even started to sob.

Li Chen quickly realized that these women were defiled by monsters, and when they returned to the village, they would definitely be judged.

When he was at a loss, Qu Huanbo took a sip of fine wine and sighed: "This is how human emotions are. The outside must conform to the etiquette, and the inside must conform to the heart.

Too tired to live, too tired. "

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, and suddenly he understood why Qu Huanbo didn't rescue these women before.

Because he knew the situation of these women, if he didn't kill Da Xing, they would have something to rely on instead.

For a while, everyone fell into silence.

What broke the silence was a baby's cry.

Li Chen's heart tightened, and he saw a baby hidden among the many women.

child?

The three looked at each other.

Taking a closer look, the child's whole body is smooth and clean like a normal human child, but there is a monkey look between his eyebrows and eyes.

It's really hard to do this time.

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

－－－－－Off Topic－－－－－

Ask for the first order.

7017k




		