

"spy?"

Hearing the words of parting, he was surprised: "Could it be for... the Six Paths of Bodhidharma!"

Bodhidharma Six Paths?

Li Chen thought secretly.

He once heard about it from the Lonely Zen Master.

The Six Paths of Bodhidharma is the supreme method of Buddhism.

The "Shasheng Yinfa" of the Shasheng Temple is one of the Six Ways of Bodhidharma.

"Junior, have you ever heard of the secret of 'Samsara's death'?"

Asked after parting for a moment.

Li Chen clasped his hands together: "I would like to hear the details."

Parting paced to the steps and let out a long sigh:

"Ten thousand years ago, Patriarch Bodhidharma traveled eastward.

With profound Buddhist teachings, he created the "Reincarnation Temple" and attracted ten thousand Buddhas to worship.

Together with the Taoist "Kunlun" and the "Jixia" of the hundreds of schools, they have become the leaders of the righteous way in the world.

The Samsara Temple has six Buddhist temples, which correspond to: the way of gods, the way of human beings, the way of Shura, the way of animals, the way of hungry ghosts, and the way of hell.

Patriarch Bodhidharma divided the Dao of reincarnation that he had realized all his life into six parts: "The Seal of the Void", "The Seal of All Living Beings", "The Seal of Killing", "The Seal of Freedom", "The Seal of Wuxiang", "The Seal of Infinity". Law".

They are respectively hidden in the six Buddhist temples of the Samsara Temple.

The six seal methods exhaust the Buddhist principles.

It is said that if someone can learn all the six seals, he will be able to prove the avenue of reincarnation and break the void. "

Li Chen was secretly surprised.

Only the parting monk continued: "It's a pity that the six ways of Bodhidharma are extremely profound. After ten thousand years, it is a fluke to be able to understand one of them."

"And the six realms unite, and there will be no one after Bodhidharma."

"Until an astonishingly beautiful monk appeared in the Reincarnation Temple, named 'Monk Liaokong'.

He was born with wisdom, and even comprehended the most mysterious of the six seals, the "Infernal Seal".

Suffering is uninterrupted, body is uninterrupted, time is uninterrupted, form is uninterrupted, and everything is uninterrupted.

Seamless is no thickness.

Into gaps.

So no matter how small the gap is, it can be inserted easily.

And all the exercises, supernatural powers, secret techniques, and moves in the world have opportunities to turn around.

With an uninterrupted heart, you can see the gaps in the world.

Any flaws, changes, and weaknesses are all in the eyes.

Either take the meaning out of context, or embezzle the truth, or do the opposite.

Mixed and blended into one, handy.

But if you make a strange move, you will hit it all.

It cannot be comprehended without great wisdom. "

"There is even a sage who once said that Bodhidharma's six paths are based on the inexhaustible seal method, and the six paths can be fully grasped."

Parting turned and looked at the endless mist outside the Siyun Pavilion: "Monk Liaokong has realized this method. In his eyes, any martial art is like a female benefactor who has stripped her clothes."

Li Chen is dumb.

Your analogy, um, is appropriate.

It's just that the six are not very clean.

"Monk Liao Kong lived up to expectations and quickly mastered the other five methods, becoming the first person since Bodhidharma."

"But just when everyone thought that the Samsara Temple was about to produce another saint.

Monk Liaokong challenged the eight great monks of the Samsara Temple by himself. "

"That battle shocked the world and wept ghosts and gods.

He possesses six supreme seals in one person.

The eight great monks were no match for him, and fell one after another. "

"Overnight, the Wannian Ancient Temple was reduced to ruins.

Since then, the Samsara Temple has become the dust of history.

This is the 'samsara silence'. "

Li Chen's heart was shaken: "That Monk Liao Kong is really amazing."

"I don't know why he turned out of the Samsara Temple?"

Parting shook his head: "No one knows the reason."

"However, he has a great chance. He has gathered all the world's most powerful and secret techniques, and he has mastered them with the seamless seal technique, which can be called unique in the world.

Later, he moved to southern Xinjiang and established the five Buddhist temples of Shasheng Temple. "

As soon as this remark came out, Li Chen was also shocked.

"Monk Kong Kong?"

"It's the monk who is not empty!"

"That's right."

"Monk Liaokong is the founder of Shasheng Temple, Bukong."

Parting is very satisfied and Lichen is surprised.

So he continued: "After the reincarnation temple died out, the Bodhidharma Six Paths also wandered outside."

"Everyone in the world knows that our Da Ci'en Temple has the "Seal of All Beings".

King Kong Temple has "Free Sealing Method".

The Shasheng Temple has the "Shasheng Yinfa". "

"But the other three are missing."

"There are rumors in the rivers and lakes that the foundation of the Void Building is the "Void Sealing Technique"."

"The "Wuxiangyinfa" has appeared in Dahuanxi Temple and Kegu Mountain."

"Only the "Infinite Sealing Method", but there is no news."

Li Chen's eyes flashed: "Could it be that the "Infernal Seal" is in the Shasheng Temple?"

Farewell did not nod, just said: "

Over the years, only the Shasheng Temple has the legend of the Infernal Seal.

That's why I went undercover at Killing Temple. "

It turns out that you are here to pick up the leak.

But obviously parting complaints are not small.

Anyone who has been undercover for so many years has to do this.

"It's a pity that I have been lurking for nearly nine years, but I have achieved nothing."

"Since the monk of Shasheng Temple was not empty, he began to cover up his edge."

"In the past thousand years, there have been a few monks who have practiced the "Seal of Killing Life", but it was only a flash in the pan, and there has been no further disturbance."

Li Chen nodded slightly.

Compared with the big King Kong Temple, Da Huanxi Temple, Kegu Mountain, Xukong Building and other big forces.

Shasheng Temple is undoubtedly the softest persimmon.

The parting face was thoughtful: "If there are spies in Da Ci'en Temple, there must be someone who wants to gather together with the Bodhidharma Six Paths."

"However, they are too overestimating their own strength."

"Dharma's six paths, Zen and martial arts are integrated, if you don't have the heart to save the world, even if you get the scriptures, I'm afraid it won't help you."

"Nowadays, in the Daci'en Temple and the Hesi Temple, there is only one person, Uncle Jiexiu, who has comprehended the "Seal of All Beings"."

Thinking of this, Li Chen joked again: "Brother, what you said makes sense."

"However, don't be afraid of ten thousand, just in case.

Master Jie Bei is afraid that if you act rashly, your whereabouts will be leaked, so he dare not let anyone contact you easily. "

"It was only recently that I was sent to join the Shasheng Temple to take care of the senior brother."

Hearing the words of farewell, he let out a long sigh and didn't say much.

After all, after more than eight years of latent life, he was worried every day.

It is also suffering.

Li Chen rolled his eyes and said: "Senior Brother has something to do, Junior Brother will do his best."

"From now on, in this killing temple, there will be a younger brother to accompany you."

He nodded his head in parting, very grateful.

"Junior brother is really just in time for the rain."

Li Chen squeezed his eyes hard and squeezed out two teardrops: "Senior brother! The Shasheng Temple is a place of asura in the world. You have no help before you and no supplies after you. You walked alone with difficulty for more than eight years. You are really a role model for my generation!"

"From now on, my younger brother is willing to be a dog and a horse, assisting the senior brother to complete the task!"

[Those who know me are also juniors. 】

[Brother's right arm and right arm. 】

Sad tears flowed down the parting face: "Junior brother... with your words, everything is worth it."

"From now on, you and I, watch and help each other, and find the "Infernal Seal" from the Shasheng Temple as soon as possible!"

He nodded heavily on Li Chen's face, but he had another thought in his heart: he needs to add another layer of protection.

"Senior brother, today we are making incisions in the Sutra Pavilion, there may be a suspicion of leaking.

Those two sentences must be voided.

In the future, if someone still uses that phrase to contact you again, it must be the enemy who is scheming. "

"Especially those who call themselves Da Ci'en Temple!"

"Be careful!"

"They're all bad guys!"

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		