

Daxiong Palace.

Needle drop can be heard.

The thirteen blood Rakshasa Formation formed by blood monks in the Houtian realm.

You can go up a big level and fight against the masters of the innate realm without falling behind.

At this time, he was taken by a new disciple of the acquired double realm.

Broken? !

The five heads were full of confusion.

Only the obscure Zen master above had such an expression as expected.

"Have you ever heard of 'Hundreds of eight troubles, just ask for one obeisance, join ten for salvation, and go to the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss.'"

Finally, the obscure Zen master broke the calm.

Everyone's eyes became more blurred.

The obscure Zen master let out a long sigh, and continued to explain: "Buddha sees ordinary life, there is no way to seek, and it is difficult to find the way."

"So I felt compassionate, and passed on the law of worshiping Buddha to the world.

No matter what afflictions the sentient beings encounter, as long as they pray according to this method, they will be able to eliminate disasters and reduce difficulties.

Only those who deeply hide the wisdom of the Buddha and those who have a relationship with my Buddha can understand the true meaning of it. "

"And this method of worshiping Buddha is all-encompassing and exhaustive. It is really a unique knowledge."

"It is said that this method is divided into three parts: greed, anger, and ignorance. Each part has 36 forms, and each form has 108 changes."

"Combined with each other, endlessly, never ending."

"It's a pity that in the long years and the vicissitudes of life, this method has gradually disappeared, and the world has forgotten the method of worshiping Buddha."

"Leave only four sentences to reveal the truth: 'Hundreds of eight troubles, just ask for one obeisance, join ten for salvation, and go to the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss.'"

"As everyone knows, the origin of ten thousand Buddhas comes from it."

All of you, listen quietly.

The Lonely Zen Master murmured four lines of Jiedi.

Suddenly remembering that Li Chen put his palms together at the end, and erupted with supreme power, he was startled: "Could it be that Li Chen has learned this method?"

Zen master Hui Mo was noncommittal, but continued: "This method is very mysterious, and only those who have a deep connection with Buddhism can obtain it."

"Back then, Patriarch Bodhidharma didn't learn everything, but he was already invincible."

"Therefore, 'Only seeking a bow' is also 'Only seeking a defeat'!"

"No wonder, no wonder!"

Zen Master Ji Mie was overjoyed when he heard the words.

"From my observation, the body and palm techniques are indescribably wonderful. They are not the methods of my Shasheng Temple. They are the methods taught by the Buddha."

The formations of the Sanbao Temple were broken one after another by a young monk who had just entered the temple.

Don't you want to lose face as the first seat?

At this time, I just borrowed the donkey from the slope to save myself a wave of face.

"I just don't know where this kid learned it from?"

I don't know who asked.

The obscure Zen master shook his head: "The great way leaves no trace."

"This method does not exist between heaven and earth, it can only be understood but not expressed in words."

At this moment, Chan Master Jiyun suddenly pointed to the water mirror and said, "The storm has not stopped~"

The monks were curious and looked over one after another.

The martial arts arena of Sanbao Temple.

Li Chen lay on his back on the ground, motionless.

[Killing intent +13.]

[The killing intent exceeds 10, triggering the 'killing intent refining heart'. 】

[Murdering intent refines the mind: Gather the killing intent and sharpen the Taoist heart. 】

[Current killing intent: 22. 】

【Being polished...】

Li Chen only felt his body go numb.

I can't lift a bit of strength.

The monks of Sanbao Temple don't know what's going on.

But no one dared to step forward.

On the plum blossom pile, Li Sao had already burst into tears: "Master...brother!"

In comparison, Li Sao's injury was more serious than Li Chen's.

"What is it called!"

Snapped!

Another nine-section whip.

It was being drawn on Li Sao's face.

A scarlet bloodstain cut off his brow.

Li Sao's face was covered with blood, but his eyes were still staring at Li Geng.

Even though Li Geng persisted in his mind, he also felt cold all over.

"Damn, you still dare to stare at me!"

snap~

This slap implied true energy.

Li Sao couldn't hold on any longer, and immediately passed out.

"Good fight, good fight!"

"It's a bitch."

Fatty Li'an fanned the flames.

snap~

Li Geng's backhand is just a slap.

A dozen or so snow-white teeth flew out in mid-air.

This blow was harder than the one who hit Li Sao.

"Damn it, you still have the face to talk!"

Li Geng was panting heavily, his intestines were almost ruined.

The big move this time has already alarmed the chief seat.

Fortunately, the first seat acquiesced in his actions.

Li Geng's eyes were shining with wisdom: Since the first seat sent the thirteen blood Rakshasa, it must be because he didn't want him to leave the Three Treasures Temple alive.

He rolled up the nine-section whip in his hand, and took another blood knife.

"If you don't die by beating a snake, you will suffer!"

After speaking, he walked straight towards Li Chen.

Li Chen was lying on the ground and couldn't get up.

Out of the corner of his eyes, he vaguely saw a figure.

Under the sun, the blade glowed scarlet.

Li Chen couldn't help being a little dazed: I remembered what was said in the "Thick Black Studies" in my previous life: To be a hero, you have to have a thick skin but no form, and a dark heart without color.

He glanced at Li Sao on the plum blossom pile, and couldn't help feeling bitter: he could be 'thick and invisible', but he still couldn't be 'black and colorless'.

I am afraid that if I encounter it today, I will break my soul and three treasures.

Although this life is short, there are still two or three fetters.

Thinking of this, I couldn't help but feel emotional, looked up to the sky and laughed three times.

Although the blade is close.

But the heart is infinitely calm.

With difficulty, he lifted the yellow leather gourd in his hand.

Pour over your mouth.

But only one drop of crystal fell.

It turned out that a gourd of spirits was gone.

At this time, the knife shadow in his eyes continued to enlarge.

This knife should be dust to dust, dust to dust.

It's just a poor lonely ghost, without wine to accompany.

"Here comes the wine!"

A long whistle came from far and near.

He only heard his voice, but not his person.

clang!

The blood knife in Li Geng's hand snapped at the sound.

It was a bright silver long sword flying from outside the sky.

This came suddenly.

Li Geng was caught off guard and was shocked back three steps.

"who is it!"

He became angry from embarrassment, but saw a figure approaching slowly.

He held the sword formula in one hand and the wine gourd in the other.

His face was expressionless, and his eyes were extremely cold.

Li Chen looked at him and smiled.

It seems to be unexpected, but also seems to be reasonable.

Li Ge waved his right hand.

The flying sword returned to his hand with a buzzing sound.

Originally, the blood knife was damaged by Xiong Wei, so he just exchanged merit points for a magic weapon of flying sword.

When I returned to Sanbao Temple, I witnessed this scene.

"Here comes the wine!"

He didn't respond to Li Geng at all.

Instead, he directly lifted Lichen up.

Hand over the wine gourd in your hand.

Have a drink.

"Good wine!"

The wine enters the heart of sorrow, and the heart is happy.

This wine is fragrant and tangy, with a mellow taste.

It is far from being comparable to poor farm wine.

["Bacchus" tastes good wine, feels good, and seems to have realized something else, triggering 'speaking the truth after drinking'. 】

"Bailu."

Bailu should be the name of the wine.

Li Chen didn't even bother to read this senior brother's thoughts.

At this time, Li Geng didn't understand the style, and stepped forward to block Li Ge's way.

"This son can't stay!

Brother, don't make mistakes! "

Li Geng over-interpreted the Chief Commander's order.

He made up his mind that he must kill this guy who made Sanbao Temple ashamed.

Unexpectedly, Li Ge still didn't change his expression: "Whispering~"

"Junior brother, this is the meaning of the first seat!"

"roll!"


In the Daxiong Palace.

The elders and the chief seat all looked at Zen Master Ji Mie.

The corner of Zen Master Ji Mie's mouth twitched: MD, when did I let you kill someone!

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		