

Li Chen took a look around the village, surrounded by mountains and rivers, the feng shui was excellent.

Although the stockade was a little cruder, it couldn't stand up to too many Yakshas patrolling the other side.

Unlike Asura's crypt, this place is too bright and there is no place to hide.

So if you go in rashly, once you reveal your whereabouts, you will be made dumplings by countless yakshas.

If you want to save Yixin Temple, you have to think of a perfect strategy.

Just when the four of them were frowning, Xie Yujing's mirror suddenly flashed with light.

["Infinite Sealing Method" (Little Black Room) listened to the Zen voice of the Great Buddha, successfully devoured Abi Hell Rock, and a new room was derived under the Little Black Room: Infernal Dungeon]

【Seamless printing method

second floor

Form: small black house (ground floor), seamless dungeon (basement floor)

Personality: Introspection (Little Black Room), Torment (Endless Dungeon)

State 1: As long as you are locked in a small black room, you will conduct self-reflection, block external interference, and analyze your own attributes.

State 2: There is an endless hellfire in the endless dungeon, which will never go out. Spiritual bodies entering this prison will suffer endless torture.

Description 1: If you are disobedient again, you will be locked in a small black room.

Description 2: Leniency for confession, strictness for resistance. 】

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment before he realized it.

Before entering the secret realm of the other side, I experienced all four things are empty, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva preached scriptures, and many Buddhist exercises have entered a state of sudden enlightenment.

It's just that "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" and "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" have epiphanies from them one after another, and each has its own gains.

On the contrary, I forgot about "Infinite Sealing Method" (Little Black Room).

It took such a long time to realize the success of the epiphany, and it is also very strange to unlock another form.

It doesn't matter if it becomes a small black house at first.

Now a basement has grown directly.

Still a prison cell!

Huh~

It's getting more and more unorthodox.

Li Chen immediately gathered his mind, and with just one thought, he entered the 'Infernal Dungeon'.

The Infernal Dungeon is very deep, and there is nothing in it.

But where they landed, black flames would burst out from time to time, making the dungeon even more eerie.

The targets of the dungeon are spirit bodies, souls, and so on, and Lichen happens to have one right at hand.

He tugged at his left hand, only to see an invisible chain extending far away, and a struggling soul tied to the other end.

The soul and muscles are knotted like a hill.

It was the Asura who was bound by the 'soul arrest' in the crypt.

Before it turned into a soul, it was as light as nothing, and it followed Lichen all the time.

Li Chen took a look, good guy, still dare to yell at him, very wild.

Just go to "The Infernal Dungeon" to watch a show that will gather energy.

The next moment, Asura appeared in the Infernal Dungeon, and the black Infernal Hellfire climbed onto his body almost instantly.

That Asura rolled all over the floor in pain, but it didn't help.

[Chief Asura was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly confess everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】

"Brother! There seems to be movement in the cottage."

Li Sao was lying on the ground outside the cottage, always watching the opponent's movements.

I saw that in the cottage, Yesha seemed to have daubed something on the monk's body.

"It's kind of like having some sort of ceremony."

Li Chen frowned, these yakshas caught people but didn't eat them, maybe they treated everyone as sacrifices.

[Commander Asura, unable to bear the torture of endless hellfire, explained a scripture. 】

[...Blood enters the cage, Qi generates the dantian, both are sufficient, the true essence is stable...so it is called "Blood Drinking Magic Art". 】

Li Chen couldn't help being surprised when he saw the scriptures.

He previously thought that the reason why Asura could use blood-transforming qi was because the "Blood-Transforming Scripture" was obtained from the Secret Realm of the Sea of ​​Blood, which may be a coincidence.

Unexpectedly, the exercise practiced by Asura was not the "Blood Transformation Scripture", but "Blood Drinking Magical Art".

Although the true qi cultivated by the two is different, the effect is 90% similar.

Mutual verification, or the same origin, if the two exercises can be combined into one, maybe they can introduce new ones.

This is a big gain.

I didn't expect the effect of the Infernal Dungeon to be so strong. That Asura still looked very difficult, but he didn't even last a quarter of an hour in it.

[Commander Asura, unable to bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, explained a weapon technique "Meteor Fall". 】

Lichen Yile, isn't this the hammering method of that meteor hammer?

It's useless to keep it, and you should be able to exchange a lot of merit points when you go back to the Hall of Merit.

At this time, Li Chen tried to ask a few questions, but the soul of Asura no longer dared to hide anything.

Know everything and say everything.

It's a pity that this Asura clan has been dominated by blood-winged black mosquitoes for a long time, so there are not many secrets about Asura.

But this actually woke up Li Chen.

Since the Infernal Dungeon allows people to tell their secrets without reservation, what about the Yashas in front of them?

Thinking of this, he took the other three people to take a small path and lay in ambush on the only way to the cottage.

Taking the opportunity to catch a few wandering Yashas, ​​they seized a lot of stubborn iron weapons.

And Li Chen also successfully sent the two Yasha souls into the Infernal Dungeon.

【Yasha Xunshan was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon, I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows, and the transformation will be successful as soon as possible. 】


[Watching Yasha was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon, I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows, and the transformation will be successful as soon as possible. 】


[Mountain Patrol Yaksha, unable to bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, confessed an unpopular method "Mountain Patrol Halberd Method". 】

[Yasha patrolling the forest, unable to endure the torment of the fire of purgatory, confessed a low-level lightness kung fu "Stepping in the Forest". 】

Compared with the previous Asura, these two Yakshas are even more unbearable.

It took only two breaths to spit out everything that could be vomited.

After some inquiries from Li Chen, they found out that they were planning to sacrifice the parting party to the Dragon King.

After the ceremony, it will be sent to the Blood Sea Dragon Palace.

This caught Li Chen a little off guard.

Dragon, there are dragons in the sea of ​​blood?

Li Chen didn't think the four of them were the opponents of the dragon.

In other words, they must be rescued before summoning the Dragon King.

But what is very strange now is that all the monks who have been arrested seem to be calm and have no intention of rebelling.

The patrolling Yaksha persisted for a long time before explaining the reason. It turned out that the monks in the Yixin Temple had all been poisoned by a poison called 'Evening Fragrance'.

This poison is first made into incense with exotic flowers and herbs on the blood gourd island, and then it needs to be ignited with the natal flame on Yasha.

When the fragrance is diffused into the mist, it will become very sweet.

Once a person inhales this fragrance, the meridian and dantian will be locked, and there will be no more energy in the whole body.

So when we parted from the group, we had no choice but to let Yaksha do what he wanted.

And it's actually not difficult to get rid of the poison on them.

Find the Yasha who lit the evening primrose, and apply his blood on the Baihui acupoint, and the poison will be cured.

According to the confession of the two souls, the Yaksha who lit the evening incense is the Yaksha King of this cottage.

The Yaksha King is a ground-moving Yaksha, and his cultivation base is not weak. If he wants to get its blood, he can only outsmart him if he is incapable of fighting.

PS: Thanks to the book friends for being very vq, I was the reward of Hoe He~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		