

Facing the sudden attack of the blood dragon, Li Chen remained calm at first, until when the blood dragon was three meters closer, he suddenly took half a step back and stretched out his palm to pull and lead.

The blood dragon had a ferocious face at first, but slowly he felt his body was involuntary, as if he was being pulled, he kept twisting his body in mid-air, but he couldn't change his direction no matter what.

boom!

There was only a loud noise, and it was hitting the deck, struggling.

The deck, which was originally twenty steps long and wide, suddenly became much more crowded.

Aww~

The blood flood dragon fell heavily on the deck, but was still rebellious, turned around and bit Li Chen.

Li Chen pushed out a palm with his left hand, and the dragon groaned and roared towards him. The blood dragon just wanted to twist its body to dodge, but a sudden force held it down and couldn't move.

bang~

The blood dragon's chest trembled, as if hit by a meteor, its blue scales fell everywhere, there was no room to breathe, and it couldn't hold back for a while, choking out a big mouthful of blood.

"Evil animal, eat me with a shovel!"

Li Chou held up the crescent shovel and used it under the hood.

clatter~

There were two sounds, one was the main body was injured, the other was the shadow was injured, the blood flood dragon who hadn't reacted was hit hard one after another, no matter how good it was, he vomited several liters of blood again.

At this time, the monsters in the sea had also been killed, and a group of shrimp soldiers held long spears, leaped into the air, and attacked the big ship.

Standing on the bow of the boat, Li Chen protected his body with the "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue", and pushed out his palms one after another, each palm being a phantom of an electric dragon.

The monsters in front of them were also constantly being knocked into the air.

Compared with Asura and Yasha, the strength of these monsters is even worse.

【Luo Jia Xuejiao was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of the Infernal Hellfire. I hope it can honestly explain everything it knows and succeed in its transformation as soon as possible. 】

[Luo Jia Xuejiao couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a high-level earth-level movement movement method "Spiritual Jiao Illusory Body". 】

【Luo Jia Xuejiao couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a secret method of the mid-level earth-level "Jiao Tun". 】


[Shrimp Bing was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope it can honestly explain everything it knows and succeed in its transformation as soon as possible. 】

【Xia Bing couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a middle-grade Xuan-level marksmanship "Battlehead Spear". 】


[Shrimp Bing was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope it can honestly explain everything it knows and succeed in its transformation as soon as possible. 】


Woo~

I don't know how long it took to kill, suddenly there was a sound of conch shells in the distance.

The army of shrimp soldiers stopped the suicide attack.

At this time, the deck of the ship seemed to have been painted with a layer of red paint, and there were already piles of corpses underfoot.

Fortunately, the blood killing formation has not been broken, only a few disciples were injured, but everyone has almost reached their limit.

Li Chen was covered in blood, which was left by those shrimp soldiers. Even with the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" for body training, he only felt sore and limp at this moment.

Regardless of other things, he picked up the gourd for a while, drank it, the aroma of the wine melted in his mouth, it seemed to have the ability to wash away tiredness, and he became full of energy immediately.

Taking advantage of this gap, Li Chen had a thought, that many shrimp soldiers' souls had already appeared in the Infernal Dungeon.

After asking Lichen, he was confused, these shrimp soldiers came to find something.

It has nothing to do with the water-avoidance mark on the parting body. What they are looking for is a magic weapon called the Meteor Fire Fork.

Li Chen frowned, then scanned the people on the boat, no one heard of anyone finding the magic weapon.

Moreover, the shrimp soldiers were just the first wave of cannon fodder. If they couldn't find the Firefall Fork, they would definitely continue to attack.

This time, it was obviously a warning. If they really wanted to attack, they didn't have to come out of the water, and they could directly annihilate everyone by digging a boat underneath.

Sure enough, not long after, a Yaksha patrolling the sea came riding the waves, with green faces and long fangs, red hair and red eyes, a fight with the Yaksha King.

The three-pronged fork in his hand lit up, and he yelled at the big ship arrogantly: "Monk Wuna, hand over the meteor fire fork, and it will be unimpeded. If not, hum, there will be many hungry people under the sea."

Li Chen hid in the dark and looked at it secretly. All the monks felt strange when they heard about the 'Falling Fire Fork', and it didn't seem to be fake, but only one of them was too calm.

On the surface, Li Shen seems kind and friendly, but after getting along with him for the past few days, he feels that there is a secret in him, especially before jumping into the sea at the Yixin Temple, it was a bit abrupt.

The most important thing is that there is a treasure on the body that blocks the mirror light. The Interpretation Mirror can only obtain information through the mirror light shining on the soul. If the soul is blocked, the Interpretation Mirror cannot interpret the language.

Shuangcheng Temple is mainly responsible for the circulation of monks in Shasheng Temple. For example, Li Chen was tricked by the monks of Shuangcheng Temple to go up the mountain.

As the head of the Shuangcheng Temple, Li Can rarely appears in the temple, and spends most of his time outside the temple.

If it is said that there is something tricky in my heart, it is really hard for others to notice.

But when Li Chen was suspicious of him, Li Shen suddenly stepped forward and asked, "May I ask what this 'Meteor Fire Fork' is?"

The Xunhai Yacha looked up and down, and then said: "This Meteor Fire Fork is a treasure lost by my king. It was suppressed under the secret place of blood vines, but not long ago, the blood vines changed, the treasure was reborn, and there are guards. Yasha's return is definitely in your hands."

"Blood vine?"

Li Shen muttered, and inadvertently glanced at Li Chen.

Li Chen's heart trembled for no reason: My mother, this guy is going to trick me.

Sure enough, he did not disappoint, Li Shen turned to look at Parting, and asked lightly: "Dare to ask senior brother, who first discovered this place of blood vines?"

When he asked him to leave, he was taken aback for a moment, and looked at Li Chen unconsciously: Could it be that the younger brother really took the magic weapon?

The corner of Li Chen's mouth trembled: "It was the blood vine I found first."

“Oku~”

Li Shen nodded, and continued: "I heard that Junior Brother Li Chen also discovered the secret room that records the secret of the blood vine?"

Li Chen: "..."

"The secret is engraved on the wall of Shura Cave. Senior brother and I have both read it. There is no meteor fire fork."

Li Sao glared fiercely at Li Can, but the latter didn't take it seriously, because his goal had already been achieved.

The patrolling Yaksha's eyes glowed red, staring at Lichen, obviously he had already decided that Lichen was the one who harbored the 'Meteor Fire Fork'.

And Li Chen also knew that no matter how he explained, he would be pale. He was the first to find the mechanism behind Yasha Mountain, and also the first to step into the fog.

Even he himself doubted himself a little bit.

But Li Chen didn't panic, instead he calmed down more and more, and now he was almost certain that the 'Meteor Fire Fork' was fixed on Li Shen.

This guy first forced Yixin Temple to jump into the sea collectively, and now he confuses the public and blames himself, just to divert the sea beast's attention and to delay time.

There is only one purpose, so that I can get away quickly and take the magic soldier out.

Thinking of this, Li Chen suddenly had a plan: Since Li Shen's confuse was successful, then Xunhai Yacha has already decided that something is on him, so it's better to use the plan.

PS: Thanks to the three book friends who are confused and drunk late at night, Shi Lao, and what the hell is Che Zhuzi~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		