


A hairy monk!

Is this a legitimate nickname? !

The corner of Li Chen's mouth twitched, and he scolded his mother in his heart: If this nickname is spread, how can he still walk in the world? !

"Senior brother... this nickname is really inelegant."

Unexpectedly, Biqi shook his head resolutely: "Junior brother, you are wrong. Although you have an extraordinary body and outstanding aptitude, in terms of foundation, you are still not as good as the hair on your head."

After finishing speaking, he took up his pen and wrote: Strange hair, unique.

After finishing writing, he nodded in satisfaction: "This 'one-haired monk' is really appropriate!"

Li Chen: ...

At this moment, only a 'bang' was heard.

But Li Chou's crescent shovel was dodged by Li Shen and was hitting the rock, wiping out a string of sparks.

I have to say that Li Shen's agility is really powerful.

In the blood sea world, Li Chen, Li Ge, Li Shou, and Li Sao attacked Dakini Yasha one after another.

In the end, they were all dodged, only Lichou's crescent shovel spun and hit the target.

It can be seen that his strength is great and his hits are high, but now he is fighting against Li Can, but he can't take advantage of it.

"This Li Shen's agility is not simple."

Wei Qi licked the brush in his hand, then found Li Shen's name, and wrote on the back: Inheritance is not empty.

""Inviting the Shadow of the Moon"?"

"This "Inviting the Moon to the Sky" is the result of Patriarch Bukong's understanding of Yue Tanying.

Can judge the opponent's move, speed, and direction according to the position of the shadow. "

"That's why the gourd on Li Chou's waist won't work."

Li Chen was secretly surprised, this strangeness could even be seen by Tiying Gourd.

As expected of a strange person in the Shasheng Temple.

"That knife..."

Bi Qi frowned at this moment, seeming to hesitate to speak.

With a thought in Li Chen's mind, words flashed in the Interpretation Mirror.

[The aura on that knife seems to be condensed and undisturbed, it is definitely not an ordinary soldier. 】

"Junior Brother Lichou is going to suffer."

"That crystal knife is not as simple as it looks!"

Bi Qi knows the art of looking at qi, and with cross-eyed eyes, he can see things that ordinary people can't see.

The next moment, Li Chou's crescent shovel swung out from an unbelievable angle, and hit Li Shen's face directly, with a hint of madness already.

At this time, Li Shen was too late to react, and he used half of his body skills, but he was still covered by the shadow of the stick.

Bass~

The imagined picture did not appear.

On the contrary, Lichou's crescent shovel was sliced ​​off by the crystal knife.

Suck, what a sharp sword.

Li Shou took back the crescent shovel, the moon blade on his head had been cut off, he glanced at the crystal knife in Li Shen's hand, and the madness on his face lessened slightly: "Good knife."

All his strength was in the weapon, and the weapon was broken at this time, so he might have no chance of winning if he continued to challenge.

He took out the 'blowing card' from his arms and threw it over.

"This thing is yours."

After speaking, he jumped off the Blood Test Rock.

"Oh, bad luck, Junior Brother Lichou actually lost, and lost three spirit stones for nothing."

"Hey, if you want me to say that Li Shen won it was a fluke, the weapon is just handy."

"Don't say anything else, weapons are also part of strength, hehe."

Those who lose are in commotion, and those who win are confident.

But seeing the back of Li Shou stepping down, Li Shen on the Blood Test Rock let out a foul breath: "It's finally coming to an end."

But before he was happy, a chuckle came from next to his ear: "Senior Brother Li Can, I finally found you."

Li Shen's face tightened, and he turned his head to look, and the speaker was Li Chen who had disappeared for three days.

In an instant, his heart started to tug again, as expected, everything was caused by this bastard.

"Find me……?"

Li Shen clenched the crystal knife in his hand, feeling an ominous premonition in his heart.

"Brother, do you have any advice?"

After speaking, he forced a smile.

Li Chen turned on the blood-testing rock, and joked: "Senior brother is really a nobleman who forgets things, so I should return the meteor fire fork to my little brother."

Li Shen felt a 'thump' in his heart: "What fire fork? Don't be joking, junior brother."

"Hey, senior brother is going to renege on his debt. We clearly agreed that I will lure the pursuers away, and you help me bring out the Meteor Fire Fork. Don't tell me you don't recognize it now?"

Li Chen's face was full of innocence, but his voice became much heavier, and it spread far away.

Sure enough, there are quite a few disciples around the blood test rock who have entered the secret realm of the blood sea.

They were all on the Blood Shadow Ship at the time, and Li Chen said that he took the Meteor Fire Fork, and then drew away the pursuers.

"That's right, Senior Brother Li Can said that at that time."

"Yes, yes, no wonder Senior Brother Li Shen identified Junior Brother Li Chen by opening his mouth. It turned out to be a discussion."

"Haha, at the time I thought he was trying to sacrifice Junior Brother Lichen, the two of you are hiding so deeply."


Standing on the stage, Li Can could not help frowning as more and more disciples began to discuss, "Junior brother, you can't just slander people's innocence. Where did I take the fire fork?"

Li Chen pretended to be angry: "Brother, why didn't you admit it? We agreed at that time, you said that it is absolutely safe to put the Meteor Fire Fork on you."

After speaking, he took out a fist-sized bead from his bosom. This bead was white and flawless, with the faint shape of water flowing on its surface.

At this moment, the entire bead is flashing light rapidly.

"Brother, look, this bead will sparkle as soon as it gets close to the Meteor Fire Fork."

"The closer you get, the faster the flicker."

Li Chen picked up the Dinghai Pearl on purpose, and circled around the Blood Test Rock. Sure enough, the bead only shone white light when it was far away from Li Shen, but when it got close to Li Shen, it began to flash rapidly.

This is the mutual induction between the Eight Supreme Treasures. Once two or two are close, a vision will be released.

Sure enough, the monks below could see clearly.

"Oh, this bead is really magical."

"It's true that it flickers when you get close to Senior Brother Li Can."

"The Meteor Fire Fork is definitely on Senior Brother Li Can's body."

"Senior brother Lichen, in order to save the big guy, took the risk of his own life to lure away the pursuers, and even lied to others' things?"

"That's right, Senior Brother Li Can is really particular."


Hearing the complaints from the group of monks in the audience, Li Can's complexion changed drastically.

He never expected that Li Chen found Dinghaizhu from the secret realm of Sea of ​​Blood!

"How shameless!"

"The old man who was killed just now lost three spirit stones, and now he still wants to cheat people!"

"The character is too bad, I pooh~"


Seeing the emotional excitement of the group of monks, Li Shen's thoughts changed all over the place: If I let these people stir up trouble, I'm afraid I won't be able to escape.

For the current plan, he must take out the Meteor Fire Fork.

Thinking of this, Li Shen coughed dryly, and changed his hand, and a three-pronged fork appeared.

The whole body of the fork was black, about one person tall, and three black flames jumped from the tip of the fork, which looked very strange.

It should be the Meteor Fire Fork without a doubt.

Naturally, Li Shen was not willing to hand it over to Li Chen, so he said: "Brother, the Meteor Fire Fork is indeed on the senior brother, but the brother never said that the Meteor Fire Fork belongs to you."

As soon as he finished speaking, a monk in the audience cursed:

"Shameless! Just now I said I haven't seen it."

"I've been shown evidence, and I can't admit it."

"Let people take the blame, and want to covet Mo's treasures."

"My little monk has never seen such a brazen person!"

PS: Thank you book friends for rewarding 500 without beginning and without end; how many things through the ages have no beginning and no end~~

PS: Thank you book friends for the 100 rewards for rationality and self-discipline;

PS: Thank you book friend Lao Na for offering 100 rewards for piercing the head of a ball. There is no hair on the head, and there is a lover in my heart~~.

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		