

Li Chen looked around.

At this time, a sweeping monk came over.

Li Chen hurriedly and cautiously pulled the monk behind the bookshelf.

The monk suddenly realized that he had lost his composure just now.

He said in his heart: [Professional! 】

[This junior is really professional. 】

Li Chen was speechless.

This senior brother is somewhat silly.

At this level, it is his fate to be able to work as an undercover agent in the Killing Temple.

How could an undercover agent be so straightforward?

You have to bend around and stun the enemy to move around under their noses.

In this way, he almost wrote the word "undercover" on his face.

Li Chen's expression changed, and he clasped his palms together in salute: "Brother, here is Li Chen, a monk who has been practicing for a month at the Empty Nest Buddhist Monastery."

The young monk seemed a little surprised, and hurriedly put his palms together and said, "It's so good, I'm leaving, I'm practicing in Yixin Temple, and I've met my junior brother."

parting? !

Li Chen's eyes widened.

Killing Temple, chief disciple of the Nine Generations!

After entering the temple for eight years, he has already entered the realm of acquired Dzogchen.

Even Zen Master Lonely, who is profound in Buddhism, also praised him as "the Zen machine has no leaks, the first in nine generations".

Recognized as a rare genius in a century.

But... such a genius is actually an undercover agent? !

Which one is on the opposite side?

It's really costly.

I'm just puzzled, the Shasheng Temple is so dilapidated, what are you still thinking about?

"I heard that the farewell senior brother of Yixin Zen Temple read the scriptures thoroughly, and there are no omissions in Buddhism. When I saw it today, it really lived up to its reputation."

"Junior brother, praise."

Nodding partingly, there was a bit of calm on his face.

Um?

I'm pretty confident.

"Coincidentally, my brother suddenly thought of a scripture, but I couldn't think of the source, so I asked my brother to give me some advice."

Parting thought in his heart, could it be that the younger brother has information to pass on?

"Junior Brother Li Chen is being polite. Senior brother just read a few more scriptures and may not be able to answer it."

After speaking with a little pride, the monk's robe flicked and motioned Li Chen to express his doubts.

"Shariputra, form is not different from emptiness, emptiness is not different from form, form is emptiness, emptiness is form, and the same is true of thinking and knowing."

"Shariputra, is the empty phase of all dharmas, neither born nor destroyed, neither dirty nor clean, neither increasing nor decreasing."

It is the section of the Buddhist scriptures Solitaire.

Lichen is a fake monk, how can I know where he came from.

Parting but with a smile on his face, he said proudly: "Junior brother, this is the "Prajna Heart Sutra", which teaches people the art of cultivating the mind, and it is a well-deserved Dacheng Buddhadharma."

"It's in the third row, the second bookshelf, the fifth floor, the seventh book from left to right."

"Although there are only a few hundred words, it is as simple as possible."

Hearing the words from the dust, he was happy.

Finally found.

What kind of brain is this.

I even remember exactly where I am.

The parting seemed to have no intention of stopping, and continued:

"The next sentence is: Therefore, there is no color in the air, no feelings, thoughts, thoughts, eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind, colorless sound, fragrance, touch, and vision..."

Suddenly he stopped.

He looked at Li Chen with a face full of shock.

It was as if he had discovered something extraordinary.

Of course Li Chen was also curious, so he took a picture with the Interpretation Mirror.

["Prajna Heart Sutra" is well-known in my Buddhist sect, it is impossible for Junior Brother Lichen not to know about it. 】

[He must be conveying important information to me. 】

[Wait, it's scriptures! 】

[That is why there is no color in the air, no thoughts, no eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind, colorless sound, fragrance, vision, even unconsciousness, ignorance, and even death without old age.] do. 】

['That's why there is no color in the sky', colorless mountain! 】

['No feeling, thought, action and consciousness', feeling, thinking, action, and consciousness, the four aggregates of Buddhism, the pavilion of four aggregates! 】

['No ignorance, no ignorance to end', ignorance is night, no ignorance is white, no ignorance is to end, day ends! It's evening! 】

[In the evening, Colorless Mountain, Siyun Pavilion! 】

It's just off the charts!

Li Chen was dumbfounded.

How did he deduce such a lot of time and place...

There are also reasons.

Is this my real intention?

I, I, I... so great.

I saw parting with trembling hands, clasped together in front of his chest.

Today he opened his eyes.

[It turns out that an undercover agent can be so subtle and unpredictable. 】

【Junior Brother's Dharma is far more useful than mine. 】

【I have so much to learn. 】

Li Chen saluted and said: "Brother, you are indeed the number one disciple of nine generations in my Shasheng Temple."

"The Zen principles in it are understandable after thinking about it."

Seeing Li Chen's inscrutable smile, Bing Bing was even more convinced of his guess: "Thanks to my brother's on-demand broadcast, my brother finally realized it."

At this time, a patrolling monk happened to pass by.

Li Chen put his palms together suddenly and said, "Sasheng Temple, great again!"

I was taken aback for parting, and immediately realized: "Sashengsi, great again!"

[This is paralyzing the enemy with sugar-coated shells! Into the middle of the enemy. 】

[High, really high! 】

Mr. Gao...

The patrolling monk nodded: two big idiots.

After the two separated.

Sure enough, Li Chen found the "Prajna Heart Sutra" in the third row, the second bookshelf, the fifth floor, and the seventh book from left to right.

This scripture is extremely thin, only three chapters, a few hundred words.

The second section of the opening chapter is what you are looking for.

So after silently writing down the scriptures, he returned to his residence.

In the meditation room.

The Buddhist scripture Solitaire of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is displayed on the interpretation mirror.

[What is the next sentence of 'Therefore there is no color in the sky'? 】

Li Chen immediately wrote the next paragraph.

[That is why there is no color in the air, no thoughts, no eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body and mind, colorless sound, fragrance, vision, even unconsciousness, ignorance, and even death without old age.] do. 】

"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" suddenly realized.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" retrieved memory, unlocked hobby: Buddhist Sutra Solitaire.】

[Status 2: When Sutra Solitaire succeeds, the speed of practice increases significantly. 】

The scriptures glowed with a golden streamer.

The strokes start to loosen up.

Every trance is a rearrangement.

Every time it jumps, a few more words appear in the scriptures.

【‘Without suffering, there is no way to destroy the Tao, and without wisdom, there is no gain. ’ the next sentence. 】

Li Chen had memorized the entire "Prajna Heart Sutra" by heart before, and now he is unequivocally solitaire.

[Because there is no income. Bodhisattva, according to Prajna Paramita, there is no hindrance to the heart. 】

The golden light of scriptures is indestructible, and the mirror of Xieyu flashes continuously.

['I know that there are many Prajna Paramitas. ’ the next sentence. 】

[‘I know that Prajna Paramita is a great deity mantra, a great Ming mantra, a supreme mantra, and an infinite mantra, which can eliminate all suffering and is true and true. ’]


['So say the Prajna Paramita mantra, that is to say, cursing: uncovering and uncovering, Boluo reveals, Boluo reveals, Bodhisattva. ’]

Until the end, the whole "Prajna Heart Sutra" was completed.

And the fragments of the first layer of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" are all completed in the phantom light.

A Buddha is shown on the first layer of scriptures.

Make a strange move.

Subduing the demon and sitting in half lotus.

Hold your hands apart.

Like the rising and setting of the sun, the head slowly turned.

Breathing changes rhythmically.

Li Chen followed suit, imitating Buddha's movements.

At the same time, the bones, muscles, and blood of the whole body seemed to be able to slowly rotate with his movements.

You can even hear the sound of bones cracking.

I just feel hot all over, as if being pressed in a steamer.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		