

After all, the Lonely Zen Master has a knife mouth and a bean curd heart.

After all, there is already a certain relationship between master and apprentice, so it is impossible to expel Li Sao from the temple.

Besides, if he was born outside the temple, others would think he was conceived in the killing temple...

With this kind of incident, Zen Master Lonely didn't have the mood to knock on the wooden fish again, so he left the meditation hall directly.

At this time, Li Sao was practicing vigorously in the yard, this is a unique skill taught by Chan Master Lonely just now, it's called "Forty Shapes of Avalokitesvara Holding Treasures".

It is the forty postures of Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva holding treasures, which can be performed with bare hands or with weapons.

It is one of the top martial arts of Shasheng Temple.

At this time, Li Sao hugged her hands, and handed them forward, looking up, she saw the Lonely Zen Master coming.

He had a smile on his face, not without complacency: "Master, Senior Brother, look at how my technique 'Guanyin Songzi' is doing?"

Li Chen was dumbfounded, and he gave a thumbs up in his heart: Junior Brother is really worthy of his name, it's hard not to be a master in this show operation.

The Lonely Zen Master was trembling at the corner of his mouth, and almost couldn't catch his breath.

If it was normal, the big applause would have suddenly started.

But now... oh, Shimen is unlucky~

Pulling up Lisao, he walked out of the Zen courtyard.

Li Chen silently followed behind the two, looking in the direction of Huo Yunling.

Huoyunling, alchemy room.

Chan Master Lonely made alchemy and fished as usual, and when he saw Zen Master Lonely came in, his face immediately turned dark.

It's no wonder that Zen Master Lonely exploited him a lot on weekdays.

"Brother... why are you here again?"

Lonely Chan Master glanced around, two disciples were busy in the alchemy room.

"Hey, don't be nervous, I won't make alchemy today."

Zen Master Lonely let out a long sigh of relief, and a smile appeared on his face immediately.

He was often exploited by the lonely Zen master.

"That's a good relationship, let's watch tea~"

As soon as the words fell, before the disciples around him moved, Zen Master Lonely raised his hand: "Forget it, find a place to talk."

Zen Master Lonely was taken aback for a moment, and he didn't know what kind of medicine was sold in the gourd.

"You two go out first."

"Yes, master."

After the screen retreated to the left and right, there was only one furnace in the alchemy room making the sound of 'huhu' flames.

Zen Master Lonely kicked Li Sao to the front: "Hey, give him a pulse."

Li Sao looked confused: Feel my pulse?

Zen Master Lonely was also taken aback, this disciple looked alive and well, not sick.

Is there any hidden disease.

Zen Master Lonely rolled up his sleeves, grabbed Li Sao's arm, closed his eyes and began to feel his pulse.

"Hmm... fluent communication, should refer to smoothness, such as rolling beads, the ruler pulse waits for the kidney... twins have ups and downs, this is joy..."

"Uh-huh?"

Zen Master Lonely opened his eyes suddenly, and there was a layer of white sweat on his head.

"Ahem, my hands are a little raw, a little raw."

"I re..."


After a while, Zen Master Lonely became confused. A monk actually had a pulse of joy.

He stared at the Lonely Zen Master, as if saying: You are not even a disciple, you are not human!

Zen Master Lonely was startled, and quickly waved his hands: "Look what I'm doing, it's not mine!"

"Ahem~"

Li Chen recounted what happened in the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

A story about a mosquito and a monk who is unclear.

After hearing this, Zen Master Lonely suddenly realized: "There are such strange things in the world."

"The blood-winged black mosquito is a prehistoric insect. There are not many records. It turns out that it lays eggs on humans."

"Men don't have a uterus, so the worm eggs are placed in the abdomen and attach to the blood vessels of the intestines, causing the sign of happy pulse."

At this time, Li Sao was already in a daze: I must be dreaming, I must be dreaming.

As the person involved, he has obviously forgotten the passion that erupted at that time.

He was knocked out...

ε=(´ο｀*))) Oh, it’s hard to say.

Zen Master Lonely had an unfortunate expression on his face, and asked bitterly, "Junior Brother, what's wrong with this?"

"Brother, are you talking about repairing the fetus or abortion?"

“Fall! Fall! Fall!”

Li Sao was already hysterical, he grabbed the lonely monk's arm and shouted nervously.

Zen master Lonely raised his leg and kicked: "You go to the side first, why didn't you hold back at that time!"

"Not at all discreet!"

"Woo woo woo~"

Li Sao cried like a little daughter-in-law: I'm not clean anymore! To be abandoned by the master.

"Ahem~"

Zen Master Lonely cleared his throat, and showed embarrassment: "Brother, you are making things difficult for me. You also know that we are bald monks... We have too little contact with this aspect, and we really don't have much experience."

"You just treat it hard, and directly apply strong medicine, such as saffron or musk."

"Just be safe."

Zen Master Lonely was taken aback, staring at Zen Master Lonely and teasingly said: "Brother, you know a lot."

The Lonely Zen Master smiled awkwardly.

Unexpectedly, Zen Master Lonely shook his head immediately: "Brother...those are useless.

Let me just say this, the vitality of the eggs is stronger than that of your apprentice. "

Lonely Zen Master and Li Chen were dumbfounded.

Li Sao cried immediately, if he, a great monk, gave birth to this thing, he might as well die in the secret realm of the sea of ​​blood.

Zen Master Lonely snorted coldly: "You useless thing, quack doctor!"

"I'm a quack doctor? Just kidding, even the monk Jiexiu of the Da Ci'en Temple can't handle this matter! I, the lonely monk, just talk about it!"

Zen Master Lonely believed his words with certainty, and could not help but softly said: "Junior brother, think about it again? Is there any other way?"

"Hmph, Senior Brother, you really use people to move forward, but you don't need people to turn backwards, but this matter is really incomprehensible, and I can't do anything about it.

Anyway, regardless of whether Nephew Lisao is dead or alive, once the eggs hatch, they will directly burst out of Nephew Lisao's abdominal cavity. "

"At that time, don't talk about protecting the big and the young, but at most protecting the lumps."

Lisao: Are you polite?

"Then there is no other way?!"

Zen Master Lonely sighed, and looked at Li Sao with indifference.

[If you can't, just burn the firewood together, it will definitely not affect the reputation of the sect. 】

【Especially Lao Tzu's face. 】

Li Chen took a look in the mirror and couldn't help but feel ashamed. He can only say that you are asking for more blessings, Junior Brother.

Zen Master Lonely suddenly looked at Lichen and asked, "Have you subdued the body of the blood-winged black mosquito?"

Li Chen nodded, he had already told the whole story before.

But the bloodwing black mosquito is only responsible for sowing seeds...

Zen Master Lonely pondered for a moment and said, "Perhaps... there is another way, you can try it."

After speaking, he glanced at Lonely Zen Master, and then at Lichen and Lisao.

Zen Master Lonely understood: "Li Chen, you should take this rammed goods back first."

Li Chen naturally understood what it meant, so he didn't say much, and directly pulled Li Sao out of Fire Cloud Valley.

On the way, Lisao touched her stomach with both hands, with a sad face: "Brother, do you think Master will kill me together?"

Li Chen almost laughed out loud: Damn, your intuition is spot on.

"Ahem, junior brother, don't think too much, after all, there is still a master-student relationship."

Li Sao let out a long sigh: "Based on what I know about Master, for his own sake, when he kills me, he won't even frown."

Self-positioning is really clear.

Father Jiko Takashi.

PS: It will be on shelves on Friday, 3.11, and the moonlight is waiting for everyone, let’s take a look~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		