

["Blood Transformation Scripture" found his favorite drink. 】

[Awakening hobby: drinking. 】

Li Chen only felt that there was a stream of air in his dantian that came out of nothing.

【Don't stop. 】

[Don't stop, I want more. 】

Gudong, Gudong.


[It's about to overflow! 】

At this time, there was no drop of a gourd of wine left.

Li Ergou, who witnessed all this, didn't know what happened.

"Master, why bother!"

"Master, I was wrong~"

Li Chen was originally very weak because of his obsession.

At this time, in the eyes of others, he is just a Buddhist penance who sacrificed his life for righteousness.

Li Ergou lay on the ground, kowtowing vigorously.

Although this wine is brewed by the local method in the country, it has been steamed twice.

The taste of wine is much stronger than the wine on the market.

That big gourd wine is enough for him to drink for half a month.

But the little monk in front of him actually did it!

He is doing this to influence himself!

Li Ergou cried.

The dignified eight-foot man cried like a child.

Who said that Shasheng Temple is a wild fox Zen who kills without batting an eye?

Master Lichen used wine to ferry me, and it is no different from Buddha feeding an eagle with his body.

At this moment, in Li Ergou's heart, Li Chen's image was inexplicably much taller.

Well, this Li Ergou is somewhat.


The "Blood Transformation Manual" was running automatically in Li Chen's body at this time.

After the berserk blood-transforming zhenqi met the wine, it seemed to be drunk.

What does it mean to refine rigidity and turn it into softness around the fingers.

Suddenly became extremely obedient.

It doesn't take a moment.

True Qi has already performed nine revolutions.

Much faster than sucking blood.

With a slight movement of the mind, a pinch of true energy in the dantian is like an arm and a finger.

Very light.

It's done.

Li Chen was ecstatic in his heart.

The mirror of Xieyu flashed with light.

[Status 2: When drinking in the "Blood of Blood", enter active cultivation, and have a chance to trigger the state of "speech the truth after drinking". 】

At this moment, a golden light popped out from the scriptures.

It just happened to get into Li Chen's mind.

Four large characters appeared in the interpretation mirror.

[Enlightenment to golden light! 】

["Blood Transformation Scripture" drank a sufficient amount of wine, triggering 'speech the truth after drinking'. 】

Li Chen was dumbfounded.

"Blood Transformation Scripture" is like complaining crazily after drinking too much, and suddenly a large passage of scriptures appears.

[Guide it with the mind, change it in three or six ways, transform the essence from the qi, concentrate the qi and strengthen the spirit...]

Seeing these words, Li Chen's heart skipped a beat.

what is this?

It seems that it is not the original content of "Transforming Blood Scripture".

It took about a cup of tea before this change gradually stopped.

Li Chen secretly remembered.

Taking advantage of the residual alcohol on his body, he secretly ran it again.

Originally, true energy was born from the dantian and flowed directly to Zhou Tian.

Nine times off.

Right now, true energy is still coming from the dantian.

But it didn't flow directly through the whole body as before, but was like water, soft but not melted, dormant in the dantian, silently accumulating.

It wasn't until the dantian swelled slightly that the true energy of transforming blood began to flow to all parts of the body.

When it meets wine, it melts.

It is still the nine revolutions of meritorious deeds.

But Li Chen was surprised to find that two wisps of true energy could be refined by running like this for a week.

The most important thing is that there is no need to expend extra effort, and the magical power works on its own.

In one go, the whole body is accessible.

At this time, the alcohol on his body was almost exhausted.

The status of "Hua Xue Jing Jing" on the Jieyu mirror has changed.

【Blood Transformation Sutra

Soul level: low level

Personality: violent, bloodthirsty

Hobbies: drinking

State 1: When practicing passively, there will be hostility, which needs to be resolved with blood, and if it cannot be suppressed, it will become mad.

State 2: Through blood-sucking training, it is easy to become addicted.

State 3: When drinking alcohol, enter active cultivation, and have a chance to trigger the state of "speech the truth after drinking".



As soon as Li Chen opened his eyes, he saw the assistant Li Ergou kneeling in front of him.

Seeing that Li Chen had woken up, Li Ergou immediately burst into tears, filled with remorse: "Master Li Chen, I, Li Ergou, will never live with wine from now on!"

His face is full of sincerity, and every sentence comes from the heart.

Obviously, it has been illuminated by the brilliance of Li Chen, sublimated~

Well, it's a little bit~

Li Chen was a little embarrassed: "Second dog benefactor, wait a minute!"

"Ahem, I didn't expect that this intestine-piercing poison is so powerful."

"It's really dangerous to prove the Tao with your own body."

"But how difficult the world is, it is the Buddha's test for the world."

"Without obstacles, great perseverance cannot be achieved."

"My Buddha is merciful, let me taste such suffering."

"This is making me improve!"

"So I think... I should try harder."

"Let the Buddha see my determination to become a Buddha!"

"In order to achieve a positive result, I have to continue drinking this wine!"

Li Ergou was moved to tears by Li Chen's words.

What a great Buddhist penance.

Knowing that there are difficulties and obstacles ahead, but still choose to go forward bravely.

Obviously painful, but still choose to bear it alone.

Under such a tenacious Buddha heart, any suffering in the world is just a dream.

Li Ergou seemed to have seen a buddhist star rising slowly.

I, Li Ergou, would like to be a stepping stone on Master Lichen's road to becoming a Buddha!

I have to buy this wine!

Well, it’s a little bit anyway~


Time flies like water, and time flies like a shuttle.

The first month of coming to Shasheng Temple ended quietly.

I have to say that the overseer of Soup Kitchen is indeed a lucrative job.

Li Fugui was thoughtful and thoughtful, once he responded to the comprador, he was able to grab his hand, and afterwards he didn't forget to share a lot of oil and water with Lichen.

And Li Ergou became his number one believer.

Drinks are served daily, rain or shine.

And Lichen himself.

In addition to finishing the morning class in the empty nest monastery, I started to drink a pot of dirty wine and entered the state of cultivation.

You practice blood-sucking.

I practice drinking.

We all have a bright future.

Soup Kitchen, Zen Room.

Li Chen sat cross-legged.

A thought in my heart.

The whole body is full of breath.

I just feel that the dantian is swollen, as if it wants to break out of the body.

This is a sign that you are about to enter the second layer of the day after tomorrow.

The realm of practice in this world is divided into: Acquired, Innate, Interior, Exterior, Asking, Proving the Way.

Each realm is divided into ten levels of Dzogchen. After proving the Tao, one will ascend to the Tao.

When the first ray of true energy is born from the dantian, one enters the first level of acquired state.

When acquired zhenqi can be released all over the body, one can innately condense the energy and reach the innate realm.

This is a process from the inside out.

As Li Chen's body recovered day by day, his cultivation base also improved day by day.

Judging from the current progress of cultivation, it will take less than half a month to reach a higher level.

Being able to practice so quickly, I have to mention the little cutie's "Blood Transformation Manual".

"Blood Transformation Scripture" since the awakening of primary wisdom.

I fell in love with the taste of wine completely.

Every time Li Chen finishes drinking, it starts to practice automatically, without Li Chen's deliberate guidance.

It is equivalent to changing from a single-core processor to a dual-core processor.

Sometimes it is triggered to speak the truth after drinking, so the original scriptures are constantly increasing, and there are often iterative versions.

Now "Hua Xue Jing Jing" can no longer see the shadow of the original version.

So Li Chen simply called it "Mantra of Transforming Blood: Mantras after Drinking", or "Mantras after Drinking" for short.

Moreover, Li Chen found that the operation efficiency of "Drunken Mantra" was higher after the awakening of spiritual wisdom.

Every time it runs for a week, the infuriating energy becomes thicker than before.

Every detail, if there is substance.

One strand can outperform the previous three or five strands.

It is also more convenient to use.

Well, time is quiet and good, don’t let it down~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		