

Li Ge looked around in front of him.

From time to time, you can find the mark you left on the trunk.

A circle with a dot in the middle.

As I walked, I was still thinking about it.

[This trip is really hard. 】

[I didn't expect that I was in the eighth level of the acquired state, and my breath was disturbed by the bear beating beast, and I almost went crazy. 】

【Junior Brother Li Chen is really my noble man. 】


[I don't know how to develop a deep relationship with Junior Brother Lichen. 】

[It is said that good brothers want to share. 】

[But what does Junior Brother Li Chen like? 】


[Do you want me to take out the small picture book that I carefully collected? 】

[What if Junior Brother Lichen doesn't like it? 】

[It's not true that there are men who don't like this. 】


Small picture book?

You give it!


Made.

If you want to give, you will give, and you will not be dragged down.

Who cares, what kind of things have we never seen?

I just want to admire the wisdom of the ancients!

But what Li Chen didn't expect was that Li Ge turned out to be in the Eighth Layer of Acquired Realm.

And besides liking Sui Sui Nian, everything else is normal.

The two went all the way from the inside out.

I met a few blind bears in the middle.

Compared to that bear beast, it is simply cute.

As long as Li Chen avoids the frontal attack, and then resolves it with a small change of career, and cooperates with the transformation of blood and true energy, Xiong Xiazi can be easily captured.

Roughly estimated, I can transfer up to two to three hundred catties of strength now.

You have to bear it yourself.

After walking for an hour, the two finally walked out of the killing forest.

Looking at the three big characters of Shasheng Temple, Li Chen couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief: "Brother, we finally came out."

Li Ge nodded and said, "Three Treasures Temple."

【I hope my junior brother can come to Sanbao Temple to find me. 】

[When the time comes, my little drawing book...]

"Brother, I remember!"

"Ahem~"

On Li Ge's cold face, he gave a rare smile, then he carried his things and turned to leave.

[This is the feeling of a confidant, Junior Brother Li Chen understands me. 】

【At that time, I will lend him the small drawing book...】

[Hey hey. 】


It seems that I really want to take some time to visit the Sanbao Temple.

It's not that I want to read picture books.

I just want to connect with each other.

Back to the empty nest monastery.

At this time, the morning class is over.

Zen Master Lonely was meditating, and seeing Li Chen arriving late, he couldn't help being curious.

I heard that he was stranded in the killing forest last night, and repeatedly said 'Amitabha Buddha'.

At this time, Li Chen took out a big black and hard treasure.

Zen Master Lonely was taken aback: "So big?!"

"Could it be the bear gall of the bear beast?"

"Master's eyesight, I guessed it right away."

He said happily: "The bear bile of the bear beast is extremely rare, and it can be used as medicine together with the Buddha heart mandarin orange to make Buddha heart bear bile pills."

"One grain can increase strength by a hundred catties."

After speaking, he raised his eyebrows: "The bear beast has a different blood relationship, and is born with intelligence. It was difficult to deal with it before. The two of you can kill this beast, and you are really blessed by the Buddha."

Li Chen smiled wryly: "This trip is hard to say."

So he talked about meeting Li Ge and the two working together to kill the giant beast.

Zen Master Lonely was surprised again: "Have you comprehended the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art"?"

Li Chen nodded.

There is no need to hide.

I saw the Lonely Zen Master lifted his cassock, and suddenly slapped a palm in Lichen's direction.

Lichen does not dodge or avoid.

With Juli approaching, the breath on his body moved slightly.

A golden light flashed.

The small change of career of the karma-changing formula is passively activated.

snap~

The power is transmitted to the feet.

The stone slabs on the ground immediately shattered into powder.

Upon seeing this, Zen Master Lonely realized that it was a small change of career in the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art".

He lifted the cassock and said excitedly, "My Buddha is merciful."

"Outrageous, Lisao, have nothing to do with this method."

"Only you, with gratitude, can bear cause and effect."

"It took more than ten years to study scriptures as a teacher before I was able to reach the first level of entry."

"Now, it's been decades, and it's just a small change to the third floor."

"I didn't expect it to be worse than your months of hard work."

"The Buddha said Su Hui, the master didn't believe it before, but now he believes it."

[My lover has the posture of becoming a Buddha. 】

"Disciple, you can comprehend the small transfer so quickly, which shows that you have a profound Buddhahood."

"So you can't relax."

Having said that, he took out a black warrant from his pocket and handed it to Lichen.

This warrant is neither gold nor stone. On the front is a statue of Buddha, and on the back is written the word "Pray for Buddha".

"Buddhist Zen theory is of great benefit to comprehend the way of cause and effect."

"This is the token of the Sutra Pavilion. You can use it to read all the books on the first floor."

"Remember, going up from the second floor is the sect's secret method.

You already have magical powers to protect your body. If you don't have intensive cultivation, don't try to climb it.

During the journey of cultivation, the most taboo is to chew too much. "

Li Chen clasped his hands together and saluted eleven times: "I would like to abide by Master's decree."

"Nothing else, you can go to hand in the task."

"Master, I'm worried."

Li Chen salutes farewell.

Put the warrant in your arms and put it together with the merit card.

He was worrying about how to complete the Buddhist sutra Solitaire in the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

This time, he realized the importance of his own foundation.

He had already made up his mind in his heart that he would practice the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Skill".

Leaving the empty nest monastery, Li Chen came to Blood River Valley.

Take out the three pitch-black blood leeches that look like leather balls.

The on-duty monk in the Blood River Valley held a book in his hand, just glanced at it and shouted: "The blood leech is swollen and full, and the blood volume is sufficient."

"The whole body is black and shiny, fresh and non-toxic, and the task is completed."

After speaking, he swiped the vermilion pen, and his eyes hardly left the book.

There is an extra imprint of blood-colored petals on the merit card.

After returning the jade box, silk gloves and blood leeches, Lichen came to Huoyunling again.

Legend has it that under Huoyun Ridge is a different fire vein.

The flame will last for a long time, and it is a natural place for alchemy and weapon refining.

To the north is the Colorless Mountain, and to the south is the Hall of Merit and Virtue.

Uncle Lonely, who issued the bear bile mission, is the alchemy elder of Huoyunling.

Just after entering Huoyun Ridge, I felt a wave of heat rushing towards my face.

The steam is steaming, sweeping up from the ground, with the tendency of splashing the sky and burning the clouds.

Half the sky is red.

Sure enough, it was like a flaming mountain.

At this time, Uncle Lonely is practicing alchemy in the alchemy room.

His sleeves were rolled up to his shoulders, his eyes were bare, and he chanted a trick in his hand, and a three-inch flame jumped out of his fingertips.

One of the best.

Flames flew into the furnace, and there was another wave of heat.

On the other side of the alchemy furnace, two young monks were pulling the bellows, sweating profusely.

Good guy, it's not easy to make alchemy with human power.

"Meet my uncle."

The lonely monk turned around and frowned.

"newcomer?"

"Return to Master Uncle, disciple Empty Nest Monastery Lichen."

"Oh? You master and apprentice are really interesting. I just sent one away, and another one came."

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, and then came to his senses.

It turns out that the master was also looking for Monk Lonely to refine the Buddha Heart Xiongdan Pill.

Judging by the guarded look on his face, it seems that he was exploited by the lonely monk just now.

Li Chen quickly took out the bear bile he got from the killing forest.

Only then did Lonely relax her vigilance: "It turns out that the task was handed in."

After taking the bear bile, he waved his hand at Li Chen's merit card.

Three small bloody flowers.

Each ten petals represents ten merits.

"Thank you, Master Uncle, for making it happen."


PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		