

"Monk Wuna, are you honest?"

The Yaksha King touched the catkin of the female Yaksha, his face was calm and majestic.

Li Chen pretended to be frightened, trembling and afraid to respond.

"Your Majesty asked you something, why don't you answer quickly?!"

The unknown Yasha shouted and shouted, and kicked Li Chen while speaking.

Li Chen showed weakness all over, and staggered back three or four steps.

"Stop, this little monk is the king's distinguished guest, how can you be so negligent, step back!"

The two little yakshas hurriedly said forgiveness, and then left the hall in a hurry.

Li Chen just lowered his head, shivering and said: "Your Majesty, monastics don't lie, monk...you can't be more honest."

Seeing that he was so scared, all the yakshas couldn't help laughing.

"What a wise monk."

Yasha King also laughed: "Okay, just be honest, and give him a glass of wine."

Immediately, a graceful girl came with a glass of red wine.

[I am red honey wine. 】

Li Chen felt relieved after reading the words in the Interpretation Mirror.

King Yasha deliberately used this glass of wine to test him, so naturally he would not poison him at this time.

Li Chen didn't dare to pick it up at first, and lowered his trembling head.

"But drink this wine and enter the mountain gate."

"drink!"

How could Li Chen dare to refuse, without raising his head, he picked up the wine glass from the corner of his eye, and drank it cautiously.

Um?

His eyes lit up.

The whole body of this wine is red, like blood soup, originally thought it was brewed from the blood of strange beasts in the mountains, the taste must be stench.

I didn't expect the wine to enter the mouth, sweet and mellow, strong aroma, endless aftertaste, it is a rare good wine.

["Bacchanalia" Taste the rare wine 'red honey wine', the efficiency of practice has greatly increased, triggering 'speaking truth after drinking'. 】

Li Chen could only feel the qi surging in his body, which was much stronger than before.

"Bacchus" runs on wine, the more efficient it is.

If he drank a few more cups, wouldn't he be able to break through the fourth floor?

"Okay, at least I didn't lose my courage."

"After drinking good wine, we will enter the mountain gate, and we will be regarded as our own people in the future."

"Thank you, my lord, thank you, my lord."

"The king asked you, is this blood clam pearl yours?"

Sure enough, here it is.

King Yaksha picked up the blood clam pearl and walked down from above.

Li Chen pretended to be afraid, not daring to raise his head, and lowered his body even lower.

When King Yaksha approached, he raised his head tremblingly.

He stared at the blood bead, and groped on himself pretendingly: "Oh my god, this thing is vaguely picked up by a young monk from a mountain stream."

"I should still have..."

In the next second, there was another one in his palm.

It is bigger and rounder than the previous one.

King Yaksha was overjoyed, he stretched out his hand and snatched it. Looking at the two beads in his hand, he was pleasantly surprised: Could it be that this little monk discovered a place where beads are hidden?

Blood mussels are born on the other side of the Blood Sea, and it is not completely absent in this mountain, but they are mostly hidden in the steep mountain streams, and it is extremely difficult to find them.

According to legend, there is a place where pearls are hidden, which is the place where the bones of blood clams are buried in the mountain stream. If they can be found, countless clam pearls will be harvested.

Blood clam beads are not only beautiful, they can be used as medicine, and can also be used for refining weapons. They are a very scarce resource.

Thinking of this, King Yaksha quickly curbed the greed on his face, secretly glanced at Li Chen, and said loudly: "What a little monk, you are truly blessed, reward me again!"

Not long after, another maid brought fine wine.

Li Chen nodded and bowed, thank you very much, this time there was no more coddling, he raised his glass and drank it down, and even smacked his mouth when he finished drinking.

Seeing this scene, King Yaksha was secretly proud of himself, and his heart said that he had completely grasped the little monk.

"Little monk, you just said that you picked up this bead?"

Li Chen pretended to be savoring the wine, but he didn't seem to have heard King Yasha's words.

King Yasha was not angry, but felt that the monk was a bit stupid, so he hurriedly called the maid: "Come, fill this cup again."

After filling the glass with wine, Li Chen couldn't wait any longer.

Another mouthful.

Really good wine.

Seeing the enjoyment on his face, King Yaksha asked again: "Have you remembered, little monk?"

"It's almost..."

King Yasha rolled his eyes, and directly stuffed the half pot of red honey wine on the table into his arms: "Hahaha, if this monk doesn't go out, he must be a drunkard~"

Immediately, everyone laughed again.

They didn't pay attention to the sporadic black spots flying out of Lichen's body.

These black spots are none other than the mosquito clones of the blood-winged black mosquito.

Back then, when Li Chen entered the Asura Cave, he witnessed the scene where the mosquito clone sucked the flesh of Asura and then melted into the pool of blood.

Now the cultivation base of the blood-winged black mosquito has been greatly reduced. Although it is no longer possible to separate hundreds of millions of clones like before, it is still very easy to separate thousands of clones.

There were only thirty or forty monks in the parting party.

Hundreds of mosquito clones are full of blood, as long as they fly to their heads and turn into blood mist, they can smear King Yaksha's blood on the Baihui acupoint, and easily undo the 'poison of evening primrose'.

On average, two per person can still have a surplus.

This King Yaksha is also a rough-skinned and thick-skinned master, he only cares about the whereabouts of the blood clam pearl.

He didn't even feel that he was being targeted by the mosquito army.

"drink!"

King Yasha laughed and motioned for Lichen to raise his glass.

[When the little bald donkey gets drunk, everything will be easy to talk about. 】

Seeing what he was thinking, Li Chen smiled: Simple.

On the surface, he still took the jug, seven parts fearful, three parts reserved, but in the end he couldn't resist the temptation of fine wine, so he lifted the jug and poured it.

Soon the pot of fine wine was gone, and Li Chen burped out of the trick, appearing drunk on purpose.

"Your Majesty... good wine!"

"Hi~"

This sentence is not false at all. After drinking the wine, the zhenqi in the body has become more and more agitated, and there is a vague appearance of a breakthrough.

It's a pity that the occasion is not right at this time, so I can only suppress it temporarily.

King Yasha was overjoyed when he saw this: [It can be regarded as drunk him. 】

This wine is brewed from nectar, it tastes sweet, but it is very easy to drink, even ordinary Yaksha can't resist this pot.

If a young monk is not drunk, there is something wrong.

"Little monk, do you remember?"

King Yasha smiled, and finally couldn't help it anymore.

How could Lichen not know King Yasha's intention? This is a good time to lure him into the trap.

"Back to the king... I remember."

He also knew that Yasha King's patience was limited, so he didn't pretend to be a joke, and said half-truth, "Not long ago, we fell from a mountain stream."

hiccup~

This time, Li Chen intentionally sprayed King Yaksha on the face.

Although King Yasha didn't like it, he didn't dare to show it. He still smiled and said, "Mountain stream?"

Sure enough, it was right.

"The place where the water fell, the mountain wall is rugged and dangerous."

"Fortunately, the Buddha blesses me~ I escaped a catastrophe."

The drunkenness on Li Chen's face became more intense, and everyone said that "drinking is strong and cowardly". At this time, he deliberately acted like a coward after drinking, and his behavior gradually became unscrupulous, showing a hint of madness on his face.

He waved his hand, signaling King Yaksha to come over.

When King Yaksha saw it, he was ecstatic: I'm finally going to talk.

Before he could be happy for too long, Li Chen hugged his neck and shouted loudly: "Chacha, let me tell you, hiccup~"

"In the river, there are as many broken beads as gravel."

PS: Thanks to the book friends for being very vq, I was the reward of Hoe He~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		