

Hearing this, Li Geng's hands froze and he was almost taken away by the blood demon.

Seeing his embarrassment, Li Sao smiled inwardly.

It was Li Zhen, the head of the Four Truths Temple, who remembered that when he entered the secret realm a day ago, Li Chen only used one move to subdue the blood crab monster and saved many disciples.

Immediately, he couldn't help but nodded and said: "Well, Junior Brother Lichen is indeed extraordinary in means, and what's even more rare is that he has a compassionate heart."

The teachings of Shasheng Temple have always been: hold a butcher knife in hand, and be compassionate in heart.

Parting heart said: Humph, I didn't expect that, that's my own junior brother, and he's also an undercover agent.

Among the chiefs of the four major monasteries, only Li Shen, the chief of the Shuangcheng Buddhist monastery, has never seen Li Chen. He listened to the discussion and couldn't help being surprised: "Isn't this Li Chen junior brother with three heads and six arms? He is omnipotent?"

"Now, I would like to see it."

A knife flashed in his hand, and the blood demon in front of him was split into two halves, bursting out a large spray of blood.

Li Shen dodged to the side and exhaled slightly: he almost splashed on his body.

All the disciples on board were more or less splashed with blood, but Li Shen was still spotless.

No one in Shasheng Temple knows that the head of Shuangcheng Temple, Li Shen, has a deep-rooted cleanliness habit.

Originally, he wouldn't come in such a dirty place like Blood Sea Secret Realm.

It's a pity that his master said that if he didn't participate, he would live in the cowshed in the future.

Only then did Li Shen reluctantly enter here.

"Raise your legs!"

Li Shen was taken aback when he heard the words, and subconsciously followed suit.

I saw a figure squatting on the ground, holding down the blood demon, and skillfully pulled out eight nails.

There are no rare materials on the blood demon, but the fingertips of the eight fingers are very sharp, which can be exchanged for a few merit points.

Li Jian was covered in blood, and his face showed panic, goosebumps all over his body: "Li Ge, you are enough!"

After speaking, he hid aside in disgust.

Li Ge seemed to have never heard of it, and the few people around him were not surprised either.

If it is said that the disciples on the deck are all on the alert at this time, as if facing a big enemy, then Li Ge in front of him must be an exception.

Seeing these blood demons is like meeting relatives, and the collection in hand has not stopped.

It is worthy of being the wonderful flower of Sanbao Temple.

According to incomplete statistics, the Sanbao Chanyuan is the one that received the most missions in the Hall of Merit in the entire Shasheng Temple.

And one-third of the tasks in Sanbao Temple were completed by Li Ge himself.

It can be seen how terrifying he is.

"Blood Gourd Island, when will you arrive?"

Li Sao yawned a little bored.

Parting looked at the distance, and pondered: "Come on, we're already half way away."

Blood gourd island is in the middle of the blood sea.

As long as you go against the waves, you can't go wrong.

The closer to the blood gourd island, the bigger the waves.

At this time, the blood shadow ship was obviously a little bumpy, so it should not be far from the blood gourd island.

But there was no joy on the parting face, because the closer to the blood gourd island, the more dangerous it was.

"Be careful!"

Next to Li Ge happened to be Li Sao, he got up abruptly and kicked him away, a sword flashed across his body.

Ding!

The sound of gold and iron intersecting sounded.

Only then did Li Sao realize later.

I saw a trembling arrow stuck in the place where I was standing just now.

It was blocked by Li Ge's magic weapon, and it turned in a wrong direction.

"There is a situation."

At this time, parting also found a problem.

At some point, there seemed to be a lot less blood demons on the bow.

Even the few remaining ones are retreating one after another.

"A tougher guy is coming."

The faces of the people on board were worried: Tougher than the blood demon?

Or confirming the words of parting.

I don't know when the fog rose on the sea.

Uninvited guests really came.

唰唰唰~

The sound of breaking through the air sounded one after another.

The long arrows flew past one after another, and some disciples were injured immediately.

"Ah~"

The disciple was hit by an arrow in the shoulder, and the entire left shoulder began to turn crimson.

"It's itchy, it's itchy!"

He started scratching at the wound in spite of the pain.

The whole piece of flesh and blood was scratched off.

Li Zhen was shocked when he saw this: "This is blood poison!"

"Quickly use Wuqingsan!"

The disciples frantically took out the antidote and applied it to him.

At this moment, there was a 'whoosh'.

A javelin is pierced through the chest of a disciple and then impaled on the cabin.

Behind the javelin was a long iron chain.

hum~

The iron chain snapped.

There was the sound of breaking waves.

"coming!"

Li Ge always speaks concisely, Fei Jian is already hanging in front of him.

I saw a figure in the mist, unexpectedly coming on the waves.

hum~

With a flick of the iron chain, the javelin was pulled out and flew into the sky.

That Tao also jumped at this time, grabbed the javelin in mid-air, and landed on the bow of the ship.

This person's body was very muscular and extremely strong, but his body was covered with black sores and his figure was ugly.

When everyone at the bow saw this, they couldn't help but gasped, feeling chills all over their bodies.

How could there be such an ugly person!

"It's too ugly to bear."

Li Shen was rarely enraged, the saber in his hand flickered, and he charged forward first.

His magical weapon is a transparent crystal knife, which is extremely difficult to distinguish with the naked eye.

But that person acted like he didn't care, and swept away casually.

"Clang!"

Li Shen frowned, stepped back, took out a clean white towel, and repeatedly wiped the knife in his hand.

"Cough, I can't beat it."

He was honest, but the main reason was that he was afraid of getting his knife dirty.

Li Geng rolled his eyes: You are redundant.

The monster grinned, revealing a row of scorched teeth, and thrust the javelin in its hand towards Li Sao.

He could tell at a glance that among these few people, Li Sao's cultivation was the lowest.

Li Sao was also unambiguous, twisted his body, gave way to the javelin, then reached out to catch it, and pulled it violently.

There was a chain behind the javelin, and when he jerked it, the monster actually fell forward.

So much strength!

The rest of the people couldn't help sighing.

The empty nest monastery has the fewest number of monks in the Shasheng Temple, but it is undoubtedly the most qualified monks.

After all, one who has passed the test of turning blood can be called a top character regardless of aptitude or understanding.

Almost every disciple has a unique talent.

Like an outrageous little monk, he is about to step into the realm of inner scenes at the age of ten.

Not to mention Li Chen, who was born with the roots of wisdom and had a great opportunity. He entered the Sanbao Temple alone and broke through several battles. He is now a rising red star in Shasheng Temple.

The worst thing is Li Sao, who was born with the appearance of a diamond, and after practicing the "Blood Clothes Sutra", his physical fitness has improved extremely fast.

In terms of strength alone, Li Chen might be able to stabilize him by the end.

The monster didn't expect Li Sao's strength to be so powerful, and when he fell, he suddenly became angry from embarrassment.

A shadow of blood flashed across his body, and a burst of true energy surged out.

Li Sao couldn't help but be dumbfounded: "Blooding True Qi?!"


["Bacchanalia" is tired of staying in the small black room, and the efficiency of cultivation has been greatly reduced. 】

The corner of Li Chen's mouth trembled, and he hurriedly drove it out of the small black room.

Then he drank a pot of strong wine, and the true energy in his body burst out, endlessly.

At that time, the three Buddhist exercises that entered the epiphany were "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", "Hundred Eight Worry Worship", and "Cause and Effect Transformation Art".

The first two have gradually come out, only "Cause and Effect Changing Career Art" has not been moved for a long time.

Could it be that he is holding back some big move?

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		