

The "Inviting Moon and Sky Shadow" created by Patriarch Bukong is divided into two realms: virtual shadow and real shadow.

Phantom, as long as you have a keen eye, you can predict the position and moves of the enemy by watching the shadow.

But the real shadow must understand the "obstacles of knowledge" and practice with the "eyes of the mind" to practice. Often the opponent's moves are not yet determined, and they have already fallen into their own calculations.

Li Shen was still in the realm of phantom, so he could only observe with his naked eyes. The shadow on the ground suddenly changed, so he was of course startled.

At this time, seeing that it was the other party who shot a feint, he realized that he had been tricked, and he couldn't help curling his lips: The little thief is cunning.

The monks in the audience were just seeing the wonderful thing, when they saw Li Shen suddenly retreated suddenly, they were puzzled.

At this time, Bi Qi clapped his hands fiercely, and said with a smile:

“Myoya ~ Myoya.”

"Just a few stones containing light can destroy Patriarch Bukong's "Inviting Moon and Sky Shadow". Junior Brother Lichen is really a wonderful person."

The monks around were puzzled at first, but when they told about it strangely, all the monks were convinced.

"I didn't expect the patriarch "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow" to lose to the cheapest Hanguang Stone in the Hall of Merit."

"In the future, I can prepare a few more dollars. It's not that I'm afraid of "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow". The main reason is that I like light."

Hearing the applause beside his ears, Li Chou was stunned: Han Guangshi and Tiying Gourd, did they mess up?


Although Li Can no longer use the method of watching movies in "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow", to predict the enemy's opportunity first, but the moving technique in it is not affected.

The next moment he stepped on his foot, he swung the crystal knife in his hand and attacked Li Chen again.

Li Chen's heart froze, and he obviously felt that his knife was much sharper than before.

He didn't dare to underestimate it at the moment, and used the attracting and repelling power of the "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" to change the saber's posture, and then resorted to the "Hundred Eight Worry Worship".

The palms of the sabers clashed, but Li Shen's saber movements were continuous and unrestrained.

It took a lot of strength to go down with a knife, which was much more difficult to deal with than the simple sharp knife before.

He already knew that Li Shen was hiding his strength, so he didn't show mercy at this moment.

With a thought in my heart, red lights suddenly lit up on the blood-testing rock, and in the next moment, phantom lotus flowers emerged from the ground.

There are dozens of them.

【Lotus falls (lao)

Step by step lotus: When fighting, every time you take a step, a hidden red lotus fire will be released on the bottom of your feet. At least five steps can form a lotus formation.

The lotus array comes with a 'cold' state, which will cause slowing and defense breaking effects on targets entering the range.

Description: It's okay, you take two steps. 】

In the battle just now, Li Chen had already planted the red lotus karmic fire on the blood-testing rock with step-by-step lotus growth.

It's just that it keeps attracting and not saying it, just to slowly force out Li Shen's strength.

At this time, the phantom of the lotus flower appeared on the stage.

When he left Shenli, he felt the surrounding air was cold, his figure immediately slowed down, and even the blade of the crystal knife slowed down a beat.

How is this going?

At this moment, he was like falling into an ice cave, his whole body seemed to be wrapped in endless cold air, and even the movement of his true energy was a bit slower.

He knew something was wrong, so he couldn't help but fix his eyes on the densely packed lotus phantoms in the Blood Test Rock.

Formation?

when?

Li Shen frowned, it seemed that this junior was far more difficult to deal with than he imagined.

twitter.

While many monks were discussing, the little sparrow on Bi Qi's shoulder was much happier.

Bi Qi's eyes widened as he listened, the cross-eyed eyes seemed to be stuck together and wanted to rush out the door.

"What? Red lotus fire!"

He let out an exclamation, which immediately attracted the attention of the group of monks.

"Red lotus karma? Isn't that the legendary flame of hell? How could it appear here!"

"It's the red lotus fire from the Eight Cold Hells. No wonder I can feel the cold air when I stand so far away."

"I see that these flames are vaguely arranged in the shape of five or five lotus flowers. Could it be a formation?"

"That's right! Look at the positions of these flames, they are all where Junior Brother Li Chen walked just now, and they should have been laid during the previous fight."

"This kid is so terrifying~"

Bizarre and hard to write.


The formation can be formed by falling the lotus in five steps, but now it is more than five steps.

The surrounding cold was added to the body, and when he left Shenli, he felt a change, the true energy stagnated, and the blood did not turn.

Aww~

The dragon roared.

Li Chen wouldn't give him room to change, so he beat the dog in the water, and immediately slapped "Hundred Eight Worry Bows".

Brilliant dragon shadow, surrounded by thunder and lightning.

Li Shen was shocked by the momentum of this palm. If he was hit by such a palm, he would probably lose.

However, in the lotus falling, the whole body is cold, like being trapped in a snow nest, and even seventy percent of his skill cannot be used.

Seeing the dragon-shaped phantom approaching him, in a panic, his body leaned back, then folded in half at the waist, and his head came out from his crotch...

suck~

This wave of operations is simply eye-catching.

"Is this... a human?"

"What do you know, this is the body of a Brahma python, one of the most inborn treasures."

"It's a pity, it's a pity."

"What a pity? Before Li Chen, Li Shen was the number one in the nine generations of Shasheng Temple."

"Ahem, it's a pity that senior brother Li Can was not born as a daughter."

"What do you mean?"

"You dead monk, what are you doing knowing so much?"

"Aren't you a monk too?"

"Although I have no hair on my head, I have feelings in my heart, cough cough."

"Brother, borrow one to speak..."

I didn't expect Li Shen to have such a unique skill. If he was in his previous life, he would definitely have a place in dy.

Li Shen flashed a palm with the "Yoga Technique of Ying Luo", his face flashed with determination, and a shadow flew out of his body in the next second.

The eyes of the monks blurred, but they saw a sky-shielding canopy suddenly suspended in mid-air, covering Li Can's figure.

The whole body of this treasure cover is gray and white, and it is about Zhang Zhang wide open. The higher it flies, the wider the area it covers, and it covers half of the blood-testing rock at once.

As soon as the treasure cover came out, even the red lotus karma around it dimmed a lot.

Li Chen was taken aback. The "Grand View Sutra" is the fundamental inheritance of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, and the Lotus Fall cannot be easily deciphered by ordinary magic weapons.

After much deliberation, the sky-covering treasure in front of me is probably not ordinary!

With the cover covered, Li Shen was no longer affected by the cold air, and immediately returned to normal, with a sharp blade in his hand, and once again bullied him.

The knife turned with him, and his breath and intention matched, and he was much sharper than before.

Li Chen frowned, as expected, this guy hadn't used all his strength, and he just slapped the blade to meet the blade.

Immediately, dragons and shadows staggered, and blades flew everywhere.

The two went back and forth, and the more they fought, the more frightened they became.

When fighting the Blood Dragon King, Li Chen can dodge it with his body, and he can also use the "Red Lotus Fire" to plant fire on the Blood Dragon King.

But now he and Li Can are brothers of the same school after all, even in the Demon Sect, it is a felony to kill each other.

That's why some methods can't be used on him, and it's only at this time that they seem extremely stalemate.

At this time, Li Shen's body technique is extremely fast, and he has mastered the use of "Invitation to the Moon and Sky Shadow", if he can't dodge it in time, there is nothing more wonderful than "Yingluo Yoga Technique".

He can always dodge Li Chen's palm at the critical moment.

On the other hand, although Li Chen's palm strength is thick and changeable, Li Shen's body skills are extremely fast, and when he uses static braking, he often fails.

Aww~

There was another dragon chant.

The phantom flashed with lightning and rushed towards Li Shen.

The corner of Li Shen's mouth rose slightly, and with a flick of his foot, his body had already floated into the air, out of the range covered by his palm.

He was dressed in white, with a dusty temperament, really like a fairy inviting the moon, calm and composed.

PS: Thank you book friends for rewarding 1500 without beginning or end;

PS: Thanks to the book friend 20200702181412815 for the 1500 reward, Mo Chou has no confidant in the future, no one in the world does not know you~~

PS: Thanks to book friends Guimian Zhongkui, Gui Pingmu, and A.D. 1 for their rewards, they are broad-minded and appointment-taking, thick accumulation and thin hair~~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		