

"Others may not..."

"But you can."

The obscure Zen master said meaningfully.

Li Chen and Lonely Zen Master looked at each other.

I don't know what the obscure Zen master meant.

"Also ask Master Uncle to give me some advice."

The obscure Zen master nodded slightly, his gaze gradually far away.

"The heaven and the earth first opened, and the Styx River came into the world.

Patriarch Styx was conceived from a blood fetus. "

"It is the first power in the world."

"Later, Patriarch Styx proved the Tao and became a saint, and opened up the world of the sea of ​​blood. He once said: the sea of ​​blood will never dry up, and the true spirit will never die!"

"Later Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva came to the sea of ​​blood, left this shore, crossed the sea of ​​blood, and reached the other shore.

Looking at the vast sea of ​​blood, leave behind the Buddha's words: If the sea of ​​blood is not empty, I swear that I will not become a Buddha! "

"Until the prehistoric turmoil, many great powers disappeared."

"It is said that under the Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva scripture table lies a psychic beast named: Listening Truly.

You can identify everything in the world by listening, especially good at listening to what people say.

It gathers the images of beasts in one body, and gathers the beauty of all things into one body. It has a tiger head, a single horn, dog ears, a dragon body, a lion tail, and unicorn feet. "

"This beast is very miraculous, there is only one in the sky and on the earth."

"The strangest thing is that it has a single horn on its head."

"One will fall off every ten thousand years."

"On the other side of the sea of ​​blood, the listening beast once shed one of its roots.

Landed into a tower.

It's called Shifang. "

"The ten-square pagoda, as soon as it falls to the ground, there will be Buddha's light, and only those with deep Buddha roots can approach it."

Speaking of this, the obscure Zen master took a look at Lichen.

Since he can learn the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers", he will definitely be able to step into the Ten Square Pagoda.

"Master Kongkong once said that there is a secret technique hidden in this tower, also known as the technique of listening to truth."

"After learning this technique, one can hear the lingering sounds of the myriad worlds and know all the secrets of the world.

Then the red lotus industry fire gourd can be selected from thousands of gourds. "

"You have a Buddha nature and a natural root of wisdom. You will definitely be able to climb the Ten Directions Pagoda, or you will be able to learn the magic of listening to the truth."

I feel sad from the dust.

He did have some opportunities to learn all kinds of secret arts.

But I have no confidence in whether I can climb the Ten Square Pagoda.

"The sea of ​​blood is vast, and it is unknown how many thousands of miles it is from one shore to the other."

"There is a blood demon in the sea. Legend has it that it is a descendant of the ancient Asura clan."

"If you enter the sea of ​​blood, you will be haunted by the blood demon."

"I have something that can break this calamity."

The obscure Zen master flipped his right hand.

A flat boat appeared in his hand.

"This magic weapon is called the Ascetic Nuclear Boat."

"It was made by Master Chiba of Ancient Kegu Mountain."

"Using bodhi stone fruit as raw material, supplemented by the skills of a master craftsman."

"This boat can travel 80,000 miles a day. Once it enters the sea of ​​blood, it can ride the wind and waves. It will never stop without reaching the other shore."

As soon as the words fell, Xiaozhou swung away the palm of the obscure Zen master.

Fly towards Lichen.

"When using this magic weapon, you need to concentrate on it and get rid of distracting thoughts. If you are not careful, you will lose control."

Li Chen stretched out his fingertips to touch the boat.

Immediately lost the power of suspension.

It fell into Lichen's hands.

Carved from a single drupe, the boat was surprisingly smooth to the touch.

Very beautiful.

The right hand of the obscure Zen master formed a finger, and it was between Lichen's eyebrows in a flash.

Li Chen only felt a scripture welling up in his mind.

"Linglong Scheming"!

It is actually a very rare method of imperial weapon.

The method of the imperial weapon can improve the efficiency of the imperial weapon.

It is rare in the entire practice world.

Unexpectedly, the obscure Zen master was willing to pass it on to himself.

In a flash in the Xieyu mirror, a line of writing has already appeared.

["Linglong Mind Scheming" has psychic potential, unlocking incomplete wisdom. 】

Disabled intelligence? !

Could it be mentally handicapped!

【Exquisite scheming

Mysterious secret method.

Disabled intelligence.

Personality: road idiot

Status: This is an excellent imperial weapon method, but most of the essence is missing, so I often lose myself on the established route.

Description: Dare to ask where is the way? 】

"In the whole world, if you talk about the law of imperial weapons, the first one is the "Yanjia Qishu" of Yanshi Palace in Jiangzhou."

"However, few people know that the "Linglong Mind Scheming" of my Shasheng Temple is not under the "Yanjia Qishu".

It's a pity that time is merciless, and this magical skill is eventually incomplete. "

""Linglong Scheming" focuses on comprehension.

Mental arithmetic deduction, you can mentally calculate seven or eight steps after taking one step, predict the enemy's opportunity first, and follow every step. "

"It's a pity that only half of "Linglong Mind Scheming" remains."

"Even with this half of the article, with your aptitude, you will definitely be able to realize something within ten days."

Zen master obscure is quite confident in Lichen.


After taking the ascetic nuclear boat into the bag.

The two left Jichan Palace.

Li Chen didn't expect that there would be such secrets in the blood sea world.

"Teacher, most of the foundations of the Shasheng Temple came from the secret realm of the Blood Sea."

"The "Blood Demon Disintegration Dafa", "Yuantu Sword Technique" and "Abi Sword Technique" on the Jade of Merit all come from the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

As for the inheritance of the empty nest monastery, the "Blood Clothes Sutra" and "The Sutra of Transforming Blood" are also obtained from the remnants of the sea of ​​blood. "

"I, the Temple of Sacrificing Life, take Buddhism as my heart and kill with blood as my law.

The dual practice of Zen and martial arts has its own true meaning. "

"This trip to the sea of ​​blood will definitely have all kinds of temptations. My disciples should be cautious and do what we can."

Li Chen clasped his hands together and said respectfully, "Disciple will never forget Master's teaching."

Lonely Zen Master smiled and nodded.

After returning to his Zen room, Lichen took out the ascetic core boat again.

The formula of "Linglong Scheming" was secretly carried out in the heart.

I saw the nuclear boat rising and falling in Li Chen's hands.

Li Chen frowned.

Can this thing be mastered in more than ten days?

The imperial weapon method is a formula for controlling the magic weapon.

Different imperial weapon formulas have different effects on controlling the magic weapon.

Because "Linglong Scheming" is just a fragment.

The power of cultivation is greatly reduced.

It's a pity.

At this moment, the mirror of Xie Yu's mirror flashed.

[Abi Hell Rock successfully reflected in the small black room, and confessed a feature about Abi Hellyan—torture. 】

[Torment: Once infected by Avici Hellfire, the body and mind will suffer continuous torture, resulting in double pain. 】

Seeing this, Li Chen's eyes brightened.

Even the rocks of the Infernal Hell have been conquered by the Infernal Seal.

Then this "Linglong Mind Scheming" may also be able to analyze some useful information.

["Linglong Mind Scheming" was imprisoned in a small black room, and began to reflect on her own problems. 】

["Linglong Scheming" is under review...]

Sure enough, both exercises and items can be analyzed with "Infinite Sealing Method".

["Linglong Mind Scheming" conducted a self-examination in the small black room, and unlocked the condition 1 of replenishing wisdom. 】

Li Chen was taken aback.

The first article was parsed so quickly? !

But he thought about it again, Abi Hell Rock, something that doesn't exist in this world, was successfully analyzed in just one day.

It's normal for "Linglong Scheming" to be analyzed so quickly.

[Condition 1: It used to be between black and white, maybe a chess record can restore some of its wisdom and speed up its cultivation. 】

Go game record?

"Linglong Mind Scheming" focuses on mental arithmetic, and is good at anticipating the enemy's plans first.

Go, on the other hand, is all about mental calculations, focusing on the formation and dismantling moves as you see them.

The two do have a lot in common.

In the Shasheng Temple, meditation is the foundation, and both Zen and martial arts are practiced.

But most monks pay more attention to martial arts practice.

Few people are interested in such leisurely activities as dancing and writing.

However, there is also a different kind in Shasheng Temple, who seems to like this way quite a lot.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		