

This Yaksha is very similar to Shura, the male is ugly, but the female is as beautiful as a flower.

The king of Yaksha has a good female Yaksha, who is extremely beautiful and beautiful, and he is the most favored by him.

King Yaksha is always obedient to her.

And what this dominatrix likes most is to adorn her body with blood clam pearls.

Clam pearls are rare items, rarely seen on Blood Gourd Island.

Just when Li Chen entered the secret realm, he got a few clam pearls from the shore.

Suddenly, Li Chen had a plan.

If you find an opportunity to reveal the clam pearl, it will definitely attract attention.

At that time, if the King Yaksha is brought out again, and he makes a violent attack, he will definitely be caught off guard.

Thinking of this, Li Chen asked the three of them to wait outside the cottage.

Once you receive his signal, immediately break into the cottage without hesitation.

I came to the location by the river that the two souls said.

There is thick fog here, and there are bursts of fragrance in the nose, which is really refreshing.

Li Chen has a body protected by the 'Buddha's light' and is immune to toxins, so he is naturally not afraid.

He first saw a few patrolling Yakshas in the dark, and then pretended to look for them.

After attracting Yasha's attention, he pretended to be poisoned and fainted.

Lying on the ground with eyes closed, two or three yakshas came soon after.

When they first saw a single monk, they didn't think much of it, they just smugly said, "Another monk was picked for nothing."

"Hahaha, this time it's a bumper harvest."

"Send it back to the cottage quickly, don't miss the sacrifice."

Li Chen only felt a lightness in his body, already being carried on his shoulders, it was rare for him to be able to relax easily.

Outside the cottage, the three of Li Sao were waiting secretly.

I saw three yakshas walking from a distance carrying a monk on their shoulders.

"Brother was arrested by them?!"

Li Sao couldn't help showing anger on his face, he was about to jump out, but Li Ge hurriedly stopped him: "Don't worry!"

After speaking, she nuzzled in that direction.

Lichen, who was carried by Yasha on his shoulders, made a slight gesture in the direction of the three of them while the other Yashas were not aware of it.

Seeing this, the three laughed secretly.

Lichou stroked her big bald head: "Zhi Niang, no matter how ghostly these yakshas are, they can't be more ghostly than Junior Brother Lichen."


"King!"

"Let us catch another white and tender young monk."

"Hahaha, great harvest!"

"Put it on the field quickly, and don't miss the time for the sacrifice."

That Yasha threw his arm, and Lichen rolled along the trend, while the clam pearl took the opportunity to slip out...

At this time, two more Yakshas came, and Li Chen was about to leave, when suddenly one of them saw a light from the corner of his eye.

"What is this?"

The one at the head should be a team leader, someone who knows what to do: "Clam Pearl!"

"Quickly... wake up this monk for me."

After finishing speaking, the leader of the Yaksha squad put the clam pearls into his arms and hurriedly ran into the cottage.

As expected, it should be reported to receive the reward.

The remaining two yakshas set up Lichen and were about to wake him up.

But how could Li Chen let them do anything, slowly opened his eyes, pretending to just wake up.

"Ha, wake up!"

"Saved us a lot of effort."

Two Yakshas tied the rope for him, but it was rare to see such a calm monk, so they hummed and said, "You little bald donkey is quite courageous."

"Go and stay over there."

That Yasha pointed far away, which was the direction where they were parting on the school field.

Li Chen was secretly happy, but on the surface he pretended to be weak and stumbled towards the school grounds.

On the school grounds, a group of monks chanted mantras.

"Another one!"

Only Yasha shouted.

The first farewell followed the prestige, and when he saw Li Chen coming, he couldn't help sighing: "Junior Brother, it's Senior Brother who has troubled you."

He knew that it must be his own loud arrow that drew Li Chen over, and he felt extremely regretful in his heart.

Li Chen showed bitterness on his face: "Senior brother, it's bitter, we are going to the west together this trip."

"What nonsense!"

"Hold on!"

Yasha's temper was so hot that he directly interrupted their speech and even kicked Lichen.

Li Chen took advantage of the situation and sat at the end, pretending to be honest and not daring to say another word.

Satisfied, the Yaksha turned around and walked away.

But Li Chen raised the corners of his mouth and moved his lips slightly. On the surface, he was chanting scriptures in a low voice like other monks.

But in fact, he is performing a magic method called "Han Ren Mantra".

This 'Han Ren Mantra' is a secret transmission of Da Ci'en Temple, which was taught to Li Chen by parting before for the convenience of contact.

The so-called forbearance mantra is "hold but not reveal, endure but not release".

On the surface, it looks calm, but in fact it is a kind of brilliant secret technique similar to the sound transmission of thousands of miles.

"Senior brother, I am Lichen, don't look back."

Hearing Lichen's sound transmission, Parting's body was obviously taken aback.

At this time, he was poisoned by the 'Evening Fragrance Poison', unable to use his true energy, so he could not respond.

"Brother, you just need to listen."

"The poison among you is called 'Evening Fragrance', and the blood of King Yaksha must be applied to the Baihui acupoint on the top of the head to detoxify it."

"If I can successfully get the antidote later, I must first find an opportunity to detoxify everyone."

"The three of Li Ge are waiting outside the stronghold, but when they shoot their arrows, they will join us inside and outside."

"Yasha and Asura are equal in strength. When the time comes, just charge and escape. I will cover."


Li Chen urged a few more words, and saw that Li Bie nodded first, and then shook his head.

Nodding means that you have understood.

Shaking his head means that if things don't go well, he can leave on his own and don't worry about him.

Although the monks in the Shasheng Temple smelled a bit bloody, they were all very affectionate.

"Where's the monk who was captured just now?!"

"where?"

At this time, Captain Yasha, who was holding the orb to receive the reward, ran back in a hurry and shouted anxiously.

"Here! Here!"

Yasha under him hurriedly pointed to Li Chen, the last member of the team.

"Hurry up, Your Majesty has something to ask!"

After speaking, he signaled Li Chen to follow.

Li Chen deliberately pretended to be weak in legs and feet, and that Yaksha thought he was walking slowly, so he specially summoned two Yakshas to drive him quickly.

In a blink of an eye, as Lichen expected, he came to the village.

Compared with the simple and rough outside, the inside of the village is much more refined.

The fragrant nanmu is used as the pillar, and the blood coral is used as the scenery.

There are carved beams and painted buildings everywhere, and the three sides are resplendent and magnificent.

The head is the top spot, and there are countless brothers on both sides.

"Your Majesty, this is the little monk!"

"Hey, white and tender~"

"Hahaha, if we eat it by ourselves, it won't be crispy."

Seeing Lichen, Yasha on both sides salivated.

But he heard a muffled shout from his head: "The Dragon King has great powers and many eyes and ears, don't talk nonsense, just flash your tongue."

"Small palm mouth, hahaha~"

Li Chen raised his head secretly, and saw the Yaksha King.

The head is blue, the face is like indigo, the hair is like cinnabar, and the mouth is huge.

Although he is an out-and-out ugly monster, he is naturally more majestic.

And beside him, there was a charming woman who was having a good time.

She was full of joy, holding the blood clam pearl she just got in her hand, whispering a few words to King Yaksha from time to time, it was really charming.

It seems that, as the two souls said, this dominatrix likes blood clam pearls the most.

Li Chen couldn't help but think to himself: his plan has already become seven points.

PS: Thanks to the book friends for being very vq, I was the reward of Hoe He~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		