

["Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow" has psychic potential and awakens elementary wisdom. 】

【Invite the Moon and Sky Shadow

elementary intelligence

Personality: Gu Ying, Du Ying

State 1: Look at the shadow and feel sorry for yourself, and can predict the opponent's next move through the change of the shadow.

State 2: With the help of shadows, it can move and dodge silently and extremely fast.

Description: The method of shadow escape that Monk Bukong realized from "The Seal of the Void" seems to still have potential for development. 】

Gu Ying's method, Li Chen has only tasted it.

After all, he has "The Magic Art of Truth Listening", so why bother to look further away.

On the contrary, the method of crossing shadows can indeed make up for one's own shortcomings.

There happened to be a candle in the quiet room, and the shadows on the ground flickered.

Li Chen secretly used the method of crossing shadows, and the shadows seemed to become an underground expressway.

As soon as he jumped into it, he broke away from the shackles of his body and walked quickly along the shadow.

Escaped from the shadow of the futon beside the bed, and appeared at the door of the quiet room in the blink of an eye.

The whole process, from escaping in to jumping out, was just a split second, giving the illusion of teleportation.

As long as he connects with his own shadow, Li Chen can cast Shadow Escape.

However, the consumption of Shadow Escape is more than that of ordinary lightness kung fu.

Li Chen roughly estimated that the distance from the bedside futon to the door was about five meters.

And I can use it almost a hundred times in a row, that is, a maximum of five hundred meters, before my true energy is exhausted.

If it's used for traveling, it probably won't work, it can only be used to move the battlefield.

Such a night without words, devoted to research.

When the door of the quiet room opened again, it was already the next morning.

Li Chen was taken to the Discipline Hall.

At this time, the three elders and the five heads were all there.

The first Chan Master Jiyun of Shuangcheng Temple was full of sadness, while the lonely Chan Master on the side was indifferent.

The obscure elder in the hall nodded slightly, and the Zen master Jiyong asked first: "Li Chen, tell me about the situation of the martial arts competition in detail."

Li Chen didn't dare to hide anything, so he told all the details of how the two faced each other, especially the word 'kill' that Li Can said before he died.

The monks had also inquired clearly before, and the two sides confirmed that there was no discrepancy.

Zen Master Huiming murmured, "I never thought that Li Shen had already reached the state of Congenital Condensation."

After finishing speaking, he stared at Li Chen again: "I didn't even expect that you would be able to learn supernatural powers in the acquired realm. It's really a great opportunity."

Lichen clasped his hands together and said the Buddha's name: "It's all thanks to the master's teaching."

Zen Master Lonely pretended to be normal on his face, but the corners of his eyebrows raised, revealing the excitement in his heart.

[There are apprentices like this, what can monks ask for~]

At this time, Li Chen presented the blood-stained elixir: "Masters, uncles, uncles, this elixir was what Senior Brother Li Shen wanted to eat before he passed away."

"But because it fell on the blood stains, after all..."

Having said that, hand over the elixir to the obscure elder in the middle.

The obscure elder didn't say a word from the beginning to the end, but just now when Li Chen was talking about Li Shen's trembling all over, his long snow-white eyebrows trembled.

He picked up the elixir and remained silent, but there was an indelible haze in his eyes.

After a long time, he sighed: "It really is them."

The monks were taken aback for a moment, and they all looked at the obscure elder.

"Have you ever heard of the name 'Sha Ji'?"

As soon as these words came out, a gust of cool wind suddenly blew into the Discipline Hall, and the atmosphere suddenly became cold.

"Could it be that Uncle Master is talking about that killer organization that is notorious in the cultivation world but has no trace?"

Obscure nodded slightly: "That's right."

"I don't know when and who created the killing set. Since it appeared a hundred years ago, it has become a closely guarded topic among various sects."

"They appear and disappear, and they seem to have no connection with each other, but they can infiltrate into various sects."

"This kind of elixir is unique to Shaji. It's called 'Ranmei Pill'. As the name suggests, it means to relieve urgent needs."

"Before Li Shen passed away, he trembled all over and blew himself up to death, which should be very similar to the rumors about killing people in the concentration."

Zen Master Jiyun's face was pale: "How could it be, how could it be, Li Shen has always been cold-tempered, how could he join the Shaji?!"

"The world is unpredictable, and the means of killing are unpredictable. Over the years, the world of cultivation has been disturbed a lot, but no more information has been found."

"Most of the disciples of Shuangcheng Temple walk down the mountain, and they may be taken advantage of by the opportunity. That is inevitable."

Zen Master Ji Yun's face was gloomy, and the eyes he looked at Li Chen softened a little.

[Disciple, you can't provoke anyone, why do you have to provoke people from the empty nest monastery? 】

【Empty Nest Temple, we can't afford to mess with it...】

[Forget about this grudge, don't blame the master. 】

Lishen is to kill concentrated people.

Such Lichen not only has no sin, but also has merit.

It's just that Li Can is the head of the Shuangcheng Temple after all, if Li Chen is not dealt with, then the Shuangcheng Temple will definitely have resentment.

So after weighing the pros and cons, Li Chen was fined and confinement for a month.

It's just that the place of confinement was fixed by the obscure elder on the Piaoxue Peak of the Colorless Mountain.

This Piaoxue Peak is adjacent to the forbidden area of ​​Shasheng Temple, it is the highest point of Wuse Mountain, and the scenery on the mountain is excellent.

From this point of view, it was confinement in name, but it was actually a vacation.

Li Chen didn't have anything to clean up, after thanking the elders, he followed the disciples from Discipline Hall directly to Piaoxue Peak.

The so-called Piaoxue Peak is not because there is snow on the mountain, but because there is a strange flower growing here, the whole body is snow-white, and the mountains and plains are connected into one piece.

When the breeze swayed, the white flowers swayed in the wind, like heavy snow falling from the sky, hence the name 'Piaoxue Peak'.

Climb up the colorless mountain, go back for ten miles, the mountain path wanders for miles, and the twists and turns lead to secluded places.

The disciples of the Discipline Hall walked to the boulder by the side of the road.

He took out a token from his pocket and inserted it into a crack in the stone.

There was a flash of brilliance in front of my eyes, and the boulder was moved away, and it turned out to be a mountain road.

Suddenly there was a strange fragrance, which was refreshing, and Li Chen couldn't help being shocked.

"Junior Brother, Piaoxue Peak is just ahead of here, we won't go in, Junior Brother take care all the way."

Li Chen clasped his hands together: "You two brothers have worked hard."

[Empty Nest Temple is the most polite, and it really lives up to its reputation. 】

Holding the Tanchan rosary beads in both hands, Li Chen stepped up the steps facing the tangy fragrance.

After walking three or five steps, there was the sound of boulders moving behind him.

You don't need to look back to know that the mountain road has been sealed again.

Piaoxue Peak is the highest peak of Wuse Mountain, where peaks gather and surrounded by mountains.

The sky is red and scorching, and the sky is filled with white mist.

Both sides of the mountain road are covered with small white flowers, but the small wind brought by the walk makes the white snow on both sides crumble.

There is a kind of romance of immortals all over the clouds, which is really pitiful.

I don't know how long I walked, I just felt that I was getting closer and closer to the sun, and finally at the end of the mountain road was a huge boulder rising abruptly like a sharp sword.

On the boulder, engraved with silver hooks and iron paintings are the four characters of "Piaoxue Enlightenment".

Under the boulder is a platform, in front of it is a cliff, and in the back is a winding path.

And this is where Li Chen will be confined for the next month.

A paradise.

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		