

Li Sao took the food, and Li Chen folded his hands together: "Amitabha, the benefactor is very polite. I wait for Yunyou not to be greedy for my appetite. Those who stutter are destined for Buddha."

Those two young women secretly glanced at Li Chen, their pretty faces blushed immediately, but when they thought about the strange things here, their cheeks were wet with big tears, they couldn't control it anymore, and they were about to cry out.

Old man Li felt sad when he heard that, he turned his head and let out a long sigh.

As Zen Master Lonely said: experience is the process of finding one's own way.

In this case, meeting is experience, and experience is tempering.

This village can enter or not, and it will be a matter of time to meet the 'Land God'.

Li Chen thought for a while and comforted: "Old man, there is no need to sigh so much, there may not be a solution to this matter."

Old man Li turned his head and looked at Li Chen expectantly: "Master...do you have a solution?"

Li Chen pondered: "We have to wait until tomorrow to make up our mind."

After eating too much wild game, these wild vegetables and coarse grains are also a new taste.

Hearing the words, Old Man Li's family looked at each other in blank dismay.

No words all night, the next morning.

Li Chen woke up early, asked old man Li a few words, and left the yard.

This 'Land God' is undoubtedly fake, but if Li Chen wants to control him, he must know that the other party is following him.

If the other party is really a cultivator of Interior Scene as Li Sao said, then he can only read a few more sutras for the villagers.

According to old man Li, he soon found the home of Wang Zhong, one of the strong men who guarded the orchard that day.

This Wang Zhong was a tall man with a very simple and honest appearance. When he talked about what happened that day, he was full of regret: "That night, I didn't know what happened, so I fell asleep suddenly."

"suddenly?"

"That's right, I fell asleep all of a sudden."

"Is there anything unusual at that time?"

Wang Zhong recalled silently, with a certain uncertainty on his face: "Vaguely... vaguely, it seems to smell a scent of wine."

"Scent of wine?"

"Well, the smell of wine is so strong that I really want to never wake up for the rest of my life."

"When I woke up again, it was already the next day."

Speaking of this, Wang Zhong felt a little embarrassed.

"At that time, there was nothing on the fruit tree, and there was no fruit."

"Are there any traces left on the ground?"

Wang Zhong thought for a while: "The ground is full of mess. It seems to be the footprints of many wild animals, most of which are soldiers sent by the God of the Earth."

Li Chen nodded, said hello and left.

I visited several houses one after another, all of them were the young men of that night.

More than half of them smelled of wine.

It seemed that I was right as I guessed, this so-called 'Land God' used tricks to captivate the crowd.

He didn't dare to show up from the beginning to the end, and always used the title of "Land God" to pretend to be a ghost.

Most of the monsters with spiritual wisdom were born on the mountain, driving the mountain monsters to do what they did.

If it is a monster in the inner realm, why do you need the mountain beast to help?

Back at Old Man Li's house, Li Chen immediately asked him to prepare some sundries, such as headscarves, clothes, women's rouge, and the like.

"Master, you want to..."

Li Chen smiled: "Haha, I just want to marry your daughter..."

Old man Li's two daughters, Chun'er and Qiu'er, are also ingenious, and soon helped Lichen complete the dress.

I saw a shy woman sitting on the edge of the Kang.

Her head was wrapped in a cloth scarf, her eyebrows were lowered casually, her eyes were watery, and her red lips were tinged with cherry blossoms.

It is the yaoyao of the peach, burning its flowers.

Li Chen originally followed the route of a cream monk, and his appearance was naturally extraordinary, but now he turned into a female makeup, and even Chun'er and Qiu'er on the side also lost their color.

Li Sao's face was flushed: "Ahem, senior brother... what a pity, what a pity."

"Amitabha, what a shame!"

Although he was dressed up like a woman, his voice was still masculine, and Li Sao immediately became disgusted the moment he uttered the sound.

【Good girl, unfortunately she has a long mouth. 】

Li Chen turned to Chun'er again and said, "Put it on for him too."

Li Sao's eyes widened: "What? I'll play it too?"

"Of course, they know they have two daughters."


Not long after, Chun'er and Qiu'er laughed so hard that the flowers and branches trembled.

Soon there was another big girl in the room.

Li Sao himself was a rough guy, and now he was covered up with rouge and powder, but he could still see a round black beard.

Sitting there looks like a molting gorilla.

The right to be a person's head.

The two of them replaced Chun'er and Qiu'er respectively, so everything is ready, only the east wind is owed.


It was night, and the east wind came.

Only the sound of 'dang, clang, clang' came from outside the door.

Old man Li had already prepared and opened the door.

He heard the sound of chaotic footsteps coming towards the house.

Lichen and Lisao sat on the edge of the Kang in female make-up.

I took a sneak peek at the wedding reception team, and sure enough, as the old man Li said, they bowed their waists one by one, only reaching the shoulders of normal people, scratching their ears and cheeks from time to time, showing their furry paws.

Isn't it the big horse monkey?

Li Chen secretly took a picture with the mirror of interpretation.

The leading envoy to receive relatives is obviously more agile.

【I am here to pick up the bride for the king~】

[When you marry a wife, you must choose a beautiful one today. 】

[The bride brought back by the brothers before was too ugly, and was incited by the king. 】

【My lord, don't worry, I will definitely not let you down! 】

It first glanced at Li Chen who was shyly waiting to be released on the edge of the kang, and was taken aback for a moment.

He glanced at Li Sao who was picking his nose next to him, and was stunned again.

Soon it stretched out its furry fingers...

Squeak.

[Choose her! 】

Li Sao froze in picking her nose: Are you... are you blind?

[Receptionist: I feel like I'm in love. 】

【Li Sao: I'm a little flattered. 】

In this way, Li Sao was greeted by the wedding reception team and carried into eight sedan chairs.

Before leaving, the receiving envoy didn't forget to look back at Lichen: "Zhizhi~"

[Two sisters who also live together, why is there such a big difference in appearance! 】

【nausea! 】

The corners of Li Chen's mouth trembled: What kind of aesthetics is this!


Li Chen hurriedly washed off her makeup and changed back to her original attire.

He had already recorded the opponent's location with the dumb hair before, so he was not afraid of getting lost at all.

The welcoming team walked very slowly, and the monkeys carrying the sedan chairs were bad luck for eight lifetimes.

They are mandrill wild monkeys themselves, and they don't have much strength.

At this time, they were going up the mountain again, grinning their teeth one by one, and they were all tired and staggered in the middle of the journey.

Inadvertently, the disguise has been removed, and they are all apes.

Just walking and resting like this, when we turned over the mountain, the sky was already bright.

They also finally stopped in the hinterland of a valley.

Li Chen hid in the woods and observed secretly.

It is built on the mountain, easy to defend but difficult to attack, and surrounded by lush forests, it is extremely secretive.

Through Shadow Escape, he came to the hinterland of the valley.

I saw pots, pans, tables, chairs, benches, and human utensils here, which are more complete than those of the people down the mountain.

There is a huge stone in the middle, and monkeys can be seen everywhere, either lying on their backs or lying down, basking in the sun.

Further inside are the large and small caves dug out of the mountain wall. Li Chen transported "The Magic of Listening Truly", and his face changed suddenly.

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		