

The sea is a sea of ​​blood, and the shore is the other shore.

The sea of ​​blood is easy to see, but the other shore is hard to find.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" listened to the Zen sound of the Great Buddha, successfully enlightened, and unlocked the special effect: the phantom of the dragon elephant. 】

[Dragon Elephant Shadow: Special Effects

It can make the move have its own dragon image phantom, and its own 'knock-up' effect.

This special effect can be enhanced by visualizing the dragon elephant. 】

Before I entered the other shore, all Buddhist exercises automatically entered the state of enlightenment.

It's just that I didn't expect that the first one to wake up from the epiphany was the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

Moreover, the special effects of awakening are quite gorgeous, and it comes with a knock-up attribute, which is also really practical.

"what!"

A scream rang out, and Li Chen didn't care to take stock of the gains from this trip.

Turning his head to look, he saw a young monk on the beach, covered in a layer of sticky liquid, waving his Zen staff wildly with his eyes closed.

From time to time, steaming white smoke came out of his body, which should be caused by the corrosion of mucus.

He looks like a madman, and he looks like an Arhat in a rage.

This scene made Li Chen feel terrified: what a crazy monk.

And the culprit that made him so crazy is not far away.

It was a sea clam about half the height of a person. It was opening two shells and spitting out mucus from time to time.

None of the surrounding disciples dared to step forward to help.

Li Chen frowned, jumped up from the ascetic nuclear boat, and suddenly threw out a palm.

Roar~

The original mediocre palm shadow.

It turned into a shape in the void.

It was a phantom of a majestic dragon.

It's just that the phantom is still unclear, which is equivalent to adding 95% transparency.

Bang!

This palm weighs three thousand catties and is extremely powerful, hitting the shell.

The clam spirit was kicked into the sky like a ball.

It flew a long way before falling down, motionless.

Hey guys, this is the 'knock-up' effect!

Li Chen stepped forward with his birth method.

I saw a large palm-shaped hole on the top and bottom of the clam shell, and the flesh and blood flowed all over the place.

It turned out that it was directly penetrated by Li Chen's palm.

A line of writing appeared on the Interpretation Mirror.

[Blood clam: The shell is extremely hard, can spit acid, and is extremely corrosive, only the bile in the body can dissolve it.

Note: There is a chance to breed clam pearls, which are rare materials and can be used for alchemy and weapon refining. 】

After the knowledge base was added to the Interpretation Mirror, the content displayed has also increased a lot.

In the past, the four words "I am a blood clam" were displayed.

The monk beside him was still crying for help in pain.

Li Chen didn't have time to think about it, he withdrew most of his strength, and waved his palms at the clam spirit again and again.

One palm after another, Shenlong phantom smashed down, it was really powerful.

That clam spirit had suffered eight lifetimes of blood mold, and was flogged after her death.

In a blink of an eye, the shells on the upper layer were rotten to pieces.

After Li Chen's power was absorbed, only one side of the shell happened to be smashed.

Pull apart the flesh and blood, first find out the gall.

But suddenly a round orb appeared at his hand.

And there are windfalls.

There are blood beasts rampant in the blood sea secret realm, and there are many rare materials on these blood beasts.

These materials can be exchanged for success points in the Hall of Merit and Virtue of Shasheng Temple, and can also be practiced into pills and magic weapons by themselves.

This clam bead is a relatively rare material, and it is of great value in the Hall of Merit.

Li Chen didn't care about other things, first restrained the crazy monk, and then squeezed bile on his eyes and whole body.

A faint fragrance, people's spirits are shocked.

The originally thick acid immediately turned into coolness.

Finally, the disciple's pain gradually subsided, and he was able to move freely after a while.

Fortunately, the eyes were not destroyed.

It's a pity that the skin has rotted.

At this time, it seems that people are not like people, and ghosts are not like ghosts.

He was originally a disciple of the Three Treasures Monastery, and he had met once when Li Chen made a big fuss in the Three Treasures Monastery.

Regardless of wiping off the pus and blood on his body, without saying a word, he knelt down in front of Li Chen with a plop.

He held a Zen stick in one hand and stood on his chest with the other.

This startled Li Chen: "Senior brother, it doesn't have to be like this."

Li Chen wanted to help him up, but he didn't expect him to kneel so firmly.

The body did not waver at all.

Reluctantly, Li Chen hurried to the side, but the disciple was relentless.

"I'm sad, this life will be yours from now on."

Sorrow? !

It turned out that he was Lichou.

The entire Shasheng Temple knows that there is a lunatic and a dumb person in the Sanbao Temple.

Both of them are withdrawn and difficult to get along with.

The dumb man was referring to Li Ge, indeed he didn't speak harsh words much.

As for the lunatic, it is the sorrow in front of him.

It is said that when they fight, they look like crazy demons, completely disregarding their lives.

Just like just now, his whole body has been corroded by acid.

If it was an ordinary person, it would be painful to death, but this guy turned out to be more and more fierce.

Such a person cannot be defeated, just like Xing Tian in ancient times.

Rao is Lichen, facing such an opponent, he also has respect.

A man of high spirits knows how to repay kindness best.

You saved his life, and he will pay yours back.

When Li Chen was at a loss, the dull hair on his head suddenly froze.

Immediately, a flash of light flashed in the Xieyu mirror.

[The other party exudes a strong gratitude frequency, whether to add the frequency of this character.

After adding a character, you can get feedback on the frequency of the other party. 】

Li Chen was stunned for a moment, and there was a magical chemical reaction between Xie Yujing and the stupid hair on his head ("The Secret of Listening to Truth").

One shows what is in the heart, and the other can record the frequency.

【Add to! 】

[The character 'Li Sorrow' has been successfully added. 】

I only saw the relevant information about Lisang in the language mirror.

[Li Sorrow: Slightly injured.

Character: Crazy

Realm: Acquired Jiuzhong.

Skills: Unknown (please enrich the relevant frequency knowledge base)

Favorability: Thanksgiving]

Everyone has a specific frequency, so does every practice, and so does every emotion.

Therefore, only by listening to the gods and beasts can you listen to everything, and everything in the world can know.

It's a pity that Lichen's Taoism is too shallow to listen to the Three Realms.

But it should be no problem to listen to the world's happy life.

"Brother, get up and talk first."


After some kind persuasion, Lichou finally got up from the ground.

Li Chen sprinkled the healing medicine given by Lonely Zen Master on his body.

Although it can relieve pain, it will not help to restore appearance.

"It's just a skin."

Li Chou was still majestic at this time, even Li Chen could feel the arrogance on his body.

What a man.

For the rest of his life after the catastrophe, he seemed to be venting, becoming more and more ferocious.

Although the Crescent Zen staff is an ordinary thing, it weighs a hundred catties.

He held it in his hands, playing like a tiger.

The shrimp soldiers and crab generals retreated steadily before they got close.

Immediately, there were blood beast remains on the beach.

Li Sorrow doesn't pick up on it, it's just cool, it's a proper killing machine.

Li Ge and Li Ge really look like a couple.

One kills, the other buries.

Li Chen took out the clam pearl he got just now.

This clam pearl was about the size of a basketball, and it was extremely heavy in the hand.

Strange to say, the sea in this world is red, and the sand is also red, but this clam pearl is white and flawless.

It looks very beautiful in the sun, which is worthy of a rare material.

Li Chen thought to himself, it happened to be here to accumulate a wave of merit.

He has a Xutuohuan body, which happens to have the function of "plug-in".

Set the priority of the 'macro command', hold a piece of Bayeux in your mouth, and open the plug-in.

While brushing monsters.

While collecting.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		