

Standing on the boulder of Piaoxue Peak, looking up at the long sky and overlooking the sea of ​​flowers, it is also refreshing.

There are stone tables and benches here, which should be left by the seniors in confinement here, and they can be used directly after a little tidying up.

It was almost noon, and the sun was shining brightly in the sky. Li Chen stretched out his hand, and there was already a gourd in his hand.

In the Blood Sea Secret Realm, Li Chen picked three gourds in total.

The red lotus gourd can spit out the karmic fire of the red lotus, and in a moment the gourd becomes the way of time.

As for this Nirvana gourd, it has never been carefully studied.

The whole body of the gourd is golden, and there is a golden word '卍' on the body of the gourd.

[Nirvana gourd:

Nirvana mind, different wisdom.

One is not one, two is not two.

The gourd generates the real fire of the big sun by itself, and has the dual powers of "birth" and "death".

The swastika is reversed counterclockwise to become 'quietness', consumes true energy, can release the true fire of the sun, burn the target, and finally go back to the original source.

The swastika turns clockwise to 'Nirvana', and it needs to consume a lot of merit and origin to make the target Nirvana reborn. 】

One is decomposition and the other is synthesis.

According to the inheritance of the gourd, the target put into the Nirvana gourd must be willing or completely unable to resist, for example: the spirit body of the Infernal Dungeon.

In the blood sea world, Li Chen started killing, and the Infernal Dungeon was already full of ghosts.

Among them, the ghosts of shrimp soldiers and crab generals accounted for the most, and they really had nothing to explain. It was time to deal with a batch.

With a thought, a shrimp soldier ghost covered in chains appeared in Lichen's left hand.

The ghost came out of the Infernal Dungeon, and the wailing stopped immediately, but his face was full of lovelessness.

The endless karmic fire of the endless hell will continuously torment the target, so the ghosts who enter it have long since lost any desire to resist.

Lichen was just a thought, and the Nirvana gourd sucked the ghost of Xia Bing into it.

[The spirit body 'Shrimp Soldier' ​​was sucked into the Nirvana gourd. 】

As soon as Li Chen breathed out his true energy, the phantom light of the word '卍' on the gourd immediately began to rotate counterclockwise.

[The Nirvana gourd consumes true energy, and starts to release the Great Sun True Fire on the target. 】

[The spirit body 'Shrimp Soldiers' died under the burning of the real fire of the great sun, and the spirit body was completely decomposed into 'spirits'. 】

The whole process takes only the blink of an eye.

Almost as soon as the real fire of the big sun was released, the spirit body was immediately wiped out.

Ghosts belong to spirit bodies, and spirit bodies are made up of 'spirits'.

Therefore, after the ghost dies, it will be decomposed into a "spirit".

And these spirits occupy a corner of the gourd, scattered in it like air.

[Spirit: The most original and purest existence in the world, it can repair soul injuries, and can also evolve into a spirit body through Nirvana. 】

Li Chen was shocked.

This nirvana gourd can kill ghosts, but it can directly create spirit bodies...

Doesn't that mean breaking away from reincarnation? !

It's just that the process of 'Nirvana' needs to consume a lot of merit.

For ordinary people, merit is transformed through good karma, and doing good deeds in a lifetime may not necessarily accumulate much merit.

But for Li Chen, there is another way.

【Immeasurable Heart Seal

swastika shape.

Tattoo location: heart

Effect:

Infinite merit: After saving souls, it can transform the opponent's karma into merit, which has infinite magical effects. 】

This is Lichen's new tattoo awakened through the "Grand View Sutra" when he got the Nirvana gourd.

For Li Chen, it may be difficult to accumulate merit by doing good deeds, but when it comes to saving lives, it can be said to be handy.

It is just that if you want to put the immeasurable heart seal on the heart tattoo, you must visualize the sun.

It was midsummer, the hottest time of the year.

When people are wet with sweat, when Lin Chan is steaming.

Li Chen stood on the boulder and looked towards the sun.

In the distance, the clouds and mist are filled, and the peaks are undulating.

Nearby, the forests are all dyed, and the stream is gurgling.

There may be birds flying into the forest, white apes climbing, and there are also many strange beasts neighing and looking for food in the mountains.

So full of vigor and vitality.

There was a layer of floating light in the mountains, as if it had been roasted by the sun.

In the blood sea world, there is only one blood moon in the sky, and there is no way to visualize the sun, so there is no way to imprint the immeasurable heart seal.

And on Piaoxue Peak, the highest point of the Colorless Mountain, I am afraid that there is no more suitable place for visualization in the entire southern border than here.

Li Chen's heart suddenly became brighter, and his depression was cleared immediately, he untied the gourd for a while, raised his head and drank freely.

["Bacchanalia" automatically runs Zhoutian, and activates 'True Words After Drinking'. 】

Wiping the remaining wine from the corner of his mouth, Li Chen looked at the big sun above his head.

A true warrior dares to face the fiery sun.

Lichen is a real warrior, so he picked up the "Grand View Sutra" and started to visualize.

After just a few breaths, he was already sweating profusely, but Li Chen didn't stop, the true energy flowed all over his body, and the sweat on his body turned into mist.

In this way, on Piaoxue Peak, Li Chen started his penance career.

Start to visualize every morning from sunrise to sunset in the evening.

Drink fine wine when you are thirsty, and eat some game when you are hungry.

When the sun goes down, I will practice the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and "Hundred Eight Worry Worship".

So there is no slack, and the life is very fulfilling.

third day.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" faintly reached the bottleneck, and the breakthrough is not far away. 】


fifth day.

[Feel the progress from the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and the unremitting hard practice of "Yingluo Yoga", and your flexibility will be subtly improved. 】


the seventh day.

["Bacchanalia" has greatly increased the speed of practice, and has some special insights into 'thick'. 】


tenth day.

["Dionysus Chapter" The speed of practice after drinking has greatly increased, triggering the 'speech the truth after drinking'. 】

eleventh day.

["Bacchanalia" breaks through the seventh level of the day after tomorrow. 】


Thirteenth day.

The third greedy toad rosary restores spirituality.

Li Chen took advantage of the trend to learn "Hundreds of Eighth Troubles·Three Forms of Greed".


fifteenth day.

["The Art of Changing Jobs by Cause and Effect" has a further understanding of the "Three Laws of Mechanics". 】

[Small Zhuanye breaks through the third realm, hands, feet and limbs can transfer strength. 】


seventeenth day.

[I popularized the 'Periodic Table of Elements' for "The Art of Changing Jobs". 】

["Karma Changing Jobs" stated that there are too few elements on the "Periodic Table of Elements", and started to evolve. 】


the twentieth day.

["The Art of Changing Jobs by Cause and Effect" has evolved some new elements, and the big job change has broken through the second level. 】

[Great job change: The ability to reduce damage to the five elements is enhanced. 】


twenty-third day.

[Visualizing the sun suddenly has experience, and the condensation speed of "Infinite Heart Seal" has greatly increased. 】

twenty-fourth day.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has broken through to the fifth level. 】

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" was locked in a small black room, and began to reflect on the contents of the fifth floor. 】

twenty-seventh day.

["Karma Changing Jobs" has evolved some new elements. 】

["Yingluo Yoga" slightly increases the body's toughness. 】


Finally the twenty-eighth day.

[The visualization of "Boundless Heart Seal" is successful. 】

Soon Lichen felt a burning sensation in his chest, and after the pain subsided, he took off his shirt, and there was a '卍' mark on his chest.

PS: It will be on shelves on Friday, 3.11, and the moonlight is waiting for everyone, let’s take a look~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		