

The troubles in Lichen's chest are like a package that has been sealed.

Between his hands, it was constantly compressed.

Sweat dripped from his head, and the muscles on his body bulged.

Her originally fair skin had turned a cherry red.

It's like being baked on a flame, and it's already half-ripe.

This time Heshi was even more difficult than the last time he was in the Three Treasures Temple.

You must know that after he awakened the four major physiques, his strength was no less than three thousand catties.

In every way, the body is far better than before.

But that's it, the palms can hardly move.

Zizizi.

I don't know when sparks appeared between the hands.

It seems that something is hindering the clasping of hands.

Li Chen gritted his teeth and insisted, the troubles in his heart became more raging.

Roar~

Suddenly there was a dragon cry from his body.

But the distance between the two palms was only reduced by two fingers.

This is already the limit of his body, but the distance between the two palms is still far away.

Li Chen's eyes were red, he no longer knew how to give up.

The more unable to join ten, the more exerting all the strength of the whole body.

The so-called strength without desire means that when people have no desire, they will become extremely tenacious and will not give up.

At this moment, putting hands together has become Li Chen's instinct.

There is nothing more to worry about in my heart.

One thought becomes a demon.

Become a Buddha with one thought.

snap~

The two palms are tightly closed together.

Li Chen did it!

In an instant, the wind was surging.

Blood moon, red sea, waves, haze...

This world, everything.

Like a pane of glass.

Lichen's palms were closed, and it was instantly shattered and turned into nothing.

replaced by:

The golden warm sun, the white tower.

Colorful light and graceful Zen sound.

Wandering in the sacred Buddha light.

Li Chen looked at the White Tower in front of him, not moving for a long time.

He realized it, and his heart was extremely satisfied.

The ten-square tower is not on this bank, not on the other bank, and not in the middle.

That is, away from this shore is the other shore.

Wherever the heart goes, it is the other shore!

And it has always been in front of you, never going anywhere else!

The mirror of Xieyu flashed.

[You have suddenly realized that 'all four elements are empty', the four kinds of constitutions are united, and you have awakened a special constitution: Xutuoyu body. 】

[The body of Xutuohuan:

Personality: Liver Emperor, hang up

State 1: The vitality, various resistances, and recovery abilities of the body are far beyond ordinary people.

State 2: When in the on-hook state, set the on-hook behavior, and the body will automatically execute it. This process provides early warning and wake-up services.

Description 1: As long as the liver is not dead, let the liver die.

Description 2: Official plug-in. 】

Xu Tuohuan body?

Li Chen had never heard of it.

I just feel my body become extremely relaxed.

It's like the armor that has been worn for more than ten years has finally been removed.

The turbulent qi, the gushing blood, the endless energy.

They are all telling him that this is no longer an ordinary mortal body.

Regardless of experiencing the new physique, he resolutely took a step and set foot on the stairs leading to the White Tower.

The colorful Buddha light shone on her body, giving her an unprecedented warmth.

One step, two steps, three steps...

At the end of the stairs, the entrance to the White Tower.

Li Chen raised his head to look up, it was a five-story solitary pagoda.

There are no traces of engraving on it.

But inexplicably, it makes people feel extremely sacred.

Li Chen took a deep breath and finally reached this step.

Raise your legs and lower your feet.

clang~

clang~

clang~


Somewhere, the bell on the top of the tower rang.

At this moment everything seems to be washed by the bell.

Ethereal silence.

The inside and outside of the Ten Square Pagoda are the same, and they are all extremely white.

The first floor is empty.

There are only two lines of gatha hanging in the middle:

"Peace and stability are like the earth, and meditation is as deep as a secret treasure."

Legend has it that this is Buddha's praise to Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.

It is also the meditation of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.

In particular, the word 'quiet' seems to have been enlarged on purpose.

This is a hint of what Li Chen should do.

quiet.

Divided into many realms.

Don't talk, don't make a sound, don't move.

Li Chen walked to the middle and stood still, holding the rosary in one hand and standing in front of his chest with the other.

Turned into a clay sculpture, motionless.

I don't know how long it took, and finally a bell rang.

Immediately afterwards, a staircase slowly emerged from the ground until it connected to the second floor.

Only then did Li Chen carefully exhale a mouthful of dirty air.

Take a light step, the stairs are still there, and the hanging heart is let go.

Follow the body of the building and slowly step onto the second floor.

Just like the first floor, the gatha is still hanging on the wall.

"Peace and stability are like the earth, and meditation is as deep as a secret treasure."

This time the word 'quiet' seems to be bigger.

A higher level of stillness?

Li Chen thought about it and walked to the center.

Unlike the empty space on the first floor.

Here is a white futon.

Li Chen made up his mind.

Get rid of distracting thoughts and sit on the futon.

If the first floor tests the tranquility of the outside world.

Then the second test is inner peace.

Meditate.

As if the world has nothing to do with me.

The five-color Buddha light shines into the pagoda.

Li Chen didn't move.

The breeze brushed his clothes.

Li Chen didn't move.

Zen sounds filled his ears.

Li Chen didn't move.

Tranquility.

It lies in contemplation, in concentration, and in not being disturbed by external objects.

clang~

clang~

The bell rang again.

The building on the second floor gradually rises.

Lichen finally opened his eyes.

A moment of tranquility made him feel relaxed.

Go up to the third floor.

Still the same verse.

"Peace and stability are like the earth, and meditation is as deep as a secret treasure."

The word 'quiet' is big again.

So that other words are covered under it.

Li Chen frowned, the more advanced Jing?

In addition to the quiet outside, the inner peace.

Is there any stillness that is more thorough and transparent than these two?

Li Chen was puzzled, but he still walked to the middle position.

Compared with the second floor, there is another white vase here.

There is a budding lotus in the vase.

The buds are delicate, and the bottle sets off a profound sense of Zen.

Let Lichen couldn't help but sit down and watch.

Unfortunately, after a long time, he let out a long sigh, still not understanding the meaning.

Had to re-entry.

quiet.

Quiet, still, calm, still.

One layer is more important than one layer, but none of them are static sublimation.

What is static?

Li Chen's eyes were closed tightly, and he was holding a rosary in his hand, with no distractions.

What is static?

Quiet is still.

Quiet means no sound.

is silent.

The voice of silence.

silent?

Suddenly Li Chen opened his eyes, staring at the white lotus in front of him.

Never dare to move again.

Voice of the Silent? !

The flowers bloom silently!

in an instant.

The world seemed to stand still.

The motionless monk.

Motionless flowers.

Between the heaven and the earth, there is only a pair of motionless eyes, glowing with an inexplicable look.

Time passed.

The monk didn't move.

The flowers don't move either.

Only those eyes have more light.

The only living light.

What is the voice of the silent?

The voice of the silent is focus.

It's ecstasy.

Yes……

wait!

This is the moment.

The faint snow lotus twists its branches, and the buds slightly open the young leaves.

The pure white and flawless petals are stretched out, blooming with infinite grace.

Suddenly, the Buddha room smelled fragrant.

The bell rang suddenly.

clang~

clang~

clang~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		