

Da Xuan was born with a strange beast, but he can impregnate human women.

The unborn fetus is no different from a human being, except that it looks like a monkey with pointed ears and cheeks.

"Senior brother, what... what should we do?"

Seeing the child crying so much, Li Sao couldn't help feeling compassionate.

Li Ge didn't respond either, and turned to look at Qu Huanbo who was drinking.

Qu Huanbo was taken aback, and his hands holding the wine gourd were frozen: "This old man never gets involved in such troublesome things."

"Delay drinking."

After talking about the foot, it turned into a blue shadow and disappeared.

Li Chen could tell that this alcoholic was not interested in anything other than drinking.

He sighed and looked at the child's mother.

She is a young girl in her prime, she looks very pretty, but at this moment her face is ashen, and her eyes have lost the sparkle.

After pondering for a moment, Li Chen said: "The benefactor has a predestined relationship with this child, it should be the arrangement of the heavens, and in the future, he will guide him with all his heart, and he will be able to achieve something."

When the woman heard this, tears welled up in her eyes, she had been thinking about jumping off the platform with the child in her arms before, but when Jing Lichen said this, her heart softened suddenly, she couldn't bear it anymore.

Seeing her crying tears, Li Chen knew that she already had the idea of ​​surviving, so he turned around and asked, "What are the plans of the benefactors?"

They curled up in a corner, hugging each other, their faces raining with pear blossoms.

The one who seemed to be the youngest was the one who cried the saddest: "I miss... my parents."

As soon as the words fell, it aroused the sympathy of other girls.

"Me too."

"I miss Brother Erniu, oh..."

"I don't want to go back, I will be..."

Having said this, their faces all darkened.


Li Chen could see that they actually wanted to go home, but because of their fame, they were worried.

"All benefactors, it's good to go back, as long as you can be with your parents and relatives, and take care of each other.

It doesn't matter if you don't go back, go to your relatives far away, and find an honest man to marry. "

"It's been a long time, and life has to go on."

As soon as he finished speaking, he heard a girl's crisp voice: "Master... I want to become a monk like you."

"Me too."


"And I."

After these women have experienced this time, they all have the idea of ​​escaping into Buddhism.

Li Chen sighed again: "Benefactors, you should think about it. Once you become a monk, the ancient Buddha of Qingdeng will accompany you in this life."

"If I go home, I will have someone to rely on in the future."

Li Chen's persuasion can hardly change their minds.

In the end, except for the three girls who chose to go home, all the others chose to go to a nunnery to become a monk.

There is a nunnery more than 30 miles away from Baiguo Mountain.

They go together and can reach it in one day.

As for the remaining three women, they followed Li Chen back to the village.

When the villagers learned that the "Land God" had been beaten away, they were all grateful.

Especially the old man Li's family insisted on keeping the two of them for a few more days.

After being politely rejected by Li Chen, Chun'er and Qiu'er were full of disappointment.

Saying goodbye to the villagers, the two summoned their mounts and started their journey again.

Before walking two miles away, I heard the sound of a child crying.

Li Chen and Li Sao looked at each other, and hurriedly followed the voice to find her.

Under the big locust tree at the head of the village, there was a swaddling baby wrapped in plain clothes. Inside the swaddling baby was the child with the appearance of a human-fetal monkey.

The two looked around in a daze.


"Gie grandson, please ride slowly, Huaisheng just fell asleep."

hum ha ha ~

On the big wild boar, Li Sao is holding a doll in his arms, and the doll is sleeping soundly, sucking Li Sao's chest.

"Senior brother, Huai Sheng is quite strong, and I'm still itchy."

Because he picked it up under the big pagoda tree, Li Chen named the child Huai Sheng.

Li Chen sighed and shook his head, I really didn't expect that Li Sao is quite good at raising children.

I just don't know how to explain to the master when I go back.

At this time, the sun was setting, and a crescent moon slowly climbed up the treetops.

Seeing that it was getting late, Li Chen sighed, "Junior Brother, tonight, we're probably going to sleep in the wild."

With this child, the speed of the two slowed down a lot.

There are dozens of miles to the next village.

At this moment, a voice came from above:

"You two are so slow~"

Li Chen was taken aback, and looked up the tree.

The blue shirt is sloppy, it's either Qu Huanbo or someone else.

"Senior Qu, are you waiting for us?"

Li Chen originally thought that he had already left, but he did not expect to be waiting for the two of them here.

Shua~

In a flash, Qu Huanbo has appeared beside Li Chen.

Holding a gourd of wine, he drank lightly against the moon, his clothes fluttering, showing a dusty temperament, like a free and easy knight playing in the world.

After drinking the fine wine, Qu Huanbo pursed his lips in satisfaction: "Nonsense."

Li Chen had an idea: "Could it be related to Tianlu Spirit Monkey?"

Qu Huanbo glanced at him: "Well, there is something to do with it."

After speaking, he took out an incomplete bamboo slip and threw it to Lichen.

Li Chen reached out to catch the bamboo slips, his eyes full of doubts.

The bamboo slips were a bit rough to the touch, moldy spots had grown on the surface, and the ends were also worn badly.

With a light pull, the bamboo slips spread out, and the handwriting was somewhat mottled, and many places could not be seen clearly.

Li Chen read one of the passages: "Hundred Mojijiu Bransheng.

Fragrant Bulie, Ruolan's life. "

"This is... the wine party?"

Li Chen had a smile on his face, for an alcoholic, this thing is more precious than any martial arts cheats.

Qu Huanbo nodded slightly: "Baimo, the end of the flowers of the herbs. The purpose is also beautiful. Mixed with wine at the end of the flowers of the herbs, it is fragrant and beautiful."

"The origin of this wine recipe is very deep, and it is said that it is made of hundreds of flowers into the wine, and it contains the true meaning of flowers.

However, none of my alcoholics can brew this wine. "

"That's why I worked so hard to find the Tianlu Spirit Monkey, but I didn't expect to teach you to get there first."

Li Chen smiled mischievously: "Senior, it happened by chance, it happened by chance."

This wine recipe is just like what Qu Huanbo said, it is brewed from the powder of hundreds of flowers, but the process is extremely complicated, there are hundreds of steps in the process alone, and it has never been heard of in many places.

"Senior's wine recipe is really strange, I'm going to teach Tianlu Spirit Monkey how to look at it."

After speaking, he retreated his mind into the rosary of Tanchan.

This is the third greedy toad rosary to restore spirituality, the first two rosary beads, one bead spirit is a burner worm, and the small bead world has evolved into the 'Emerald World'.

The second pearl spirit is the blood-winged black mosquito, and the small pearl world has evolved into the "blood sea world".

For the third one, the chaotic mist has already dissipated.

As soon as Li Chen arrived, he could smell the faint scent of wine, and the small world was indeed different from the first two.

A towering mountain peak appeared in front of him, but the mountain peak seemed to be split in the middle by someone.

Half of it is a hillside, and the mountain is lined with trees and beautiful flowers and grasses.

The other half is a cliff, with jade-like rocks exposed, which have been carved into large and small stone troughs, and there is a huge lake under the stone troughs.

It should be the wine pool no doubt.

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		