

Go through a door of light.

Li Chen's eyes darkened.

I see.

The sky is vast and cloudy.

There are thousands of layers of blood, and the waves are surging.

black day.

Bloody sea.

A mix of red and black.

People can't help being shocked.

On the sea not far away, there is a big ship with red shadow and black sails moored.

The wind is strong.

The black flag fluttered in the wind.

It was like returning from the battlefield.

It's full of murderous spirit.

This should be the blood shadow ship of the killing temple.

The entrance to the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

A group of disciples appeared on the coastal sand dunes.

Here even the sand is scarlet.

It should be the other side of the sea of ​​blood that Zen master obscure said.

Li Chen stood on the ascetic boat.

Looking at the sea of ​​blood, there is no end in sight.

From here to the other side, there is no prospect.

"What a strong blood!"

"My zhenqi is running so fast!"

"My "Blood Clothes Sutra" is also growing."

Only Li Chen frowned: "It smells so strong of blood."

In the Shasheng Temple, because the inheritance of the ancestor Minghe is deeply rooted.

Most of the exercises practiced by the disciples are related to blood.

The Blood Sea Secret Realm was created by the ancestor Styx.

So entering it is equivalent to having a lot of blood essence in the vitality.

The exercises they practice naturally run extremely fast.

In contrast, Lichen's "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", "Karma Transformation Jue", and "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" are all Zen orthodox methods.

The only one, "The Scripture of Transforming Blood", was uttered truth words after drinking, and turned into "The Chapter of Dionysus".

Gudong~

Gudong~

Li Chen took out the gourd from behind and drank half of the gourd first.

"Bacchanalia" is the third level, and it runs faster than before.

But the consumption of wine also gradually increased.

This trip, he didn't prepare many pills of various colors, but he made a lot of wine.

It would be no problem for him to stay in the Blood Sea Secret Realm for a year or so.

With a slight thought in Li Chen's heart, the ascetic nuclear boat lowered the cloud head.

On the beach, a group of disciples were quite curious.

Shasheng Temple is located in southern Xinjiang.

Among the eight wildernesses in southern Xinjiang, there are hundreds of thousands of mountains, which are famous for their extreme heat.

Most of the disciples of Shasheng Temple have never seen the ocean or the beach.

It's understandable.

Li Chen grabbed a handful of sand.

Each grain is crystal clear like agate.

Ah~

A scream pierced the cloud of sorrow.

Only then did the disciples come back to their senses.

I saw a huge blood-red pliers popping out from the beach not far away.

It happened to clamp the waist of a disciple.

There was a click.

Ah~

The screams stopped abruptly.

The disciple disconnected directly from the middle.

Intestines flowed all over the place.

It hurts to death directly.

The sprayed blood seeped into the sand.

No longer separate from each other.

All the monks were shocked.

They backed away one after another.

Crash.

The sand loosened for a while.

Another pincer also popped out.

Immediately afterwards, the body also shook off the sand.

Finally showed his true self.

It was actually a big crab covered in blood-red armor.

Perhaps smelling the blood just now, a pair of eyes stood up, shining brightly.

The big pliers picked up half of the disciple's body and stuffed it into his mouth.

"Crab Monster!"

Bass~

A bright silver long sword was offered.

Take the head and body of the crab straight.

In Shasheng Temple, the weapons are generally sticks, whips, knives, Zen sticks and the like.

Those who use long swords are very few.

Li Chen took a closer look.

It really is Lige.

His long sword was just an ordinary magical weapon, and when it hit the crab, it didn't even have a mark.

On the contrary, it aroused the hostility of the crab.

It waved its big pincers and smashed it on the head.

Li Ge is not a good match, and she easily moves away in a flash.

But who knew, the crab was not forgiving.

Seeing Li Ge recede, a blood-red bubble spit out from his mouth.

Words flashed in the interpretation mirror.

[Blood retting: blood bubbles that contain energy, once it gets close to a living being, it will explode, bursting out blood poison. 】

Li Ge still doesn't know the power of this bloody bubble.

Stand still.

Li Chen was shocked: "Get out of the way!"

Immediately sacrifice the greedy toad rosary.

"go!"

The rosary hits the blood float.

bang~

Blood bubbles exploded from it.

The air wave surged more than three feet.

The power is really not small.

Li Ge broke out in a cold sweat immediately.

If he had rashly pierced it with the long sword just now, he would definitely be affected by it.

Can't help casting a grateful look towards Li Chen.

Li Chen took back the rosary and said loudly: "This is blood retting, once it gets close to a living being, it will explode violently!"

"Don't approach it rashly."

He just finished speaking.

The blood crab was unwilling to be lonely.

huh huh~

A series of blood floats sprayed directly towards the crowd.

Li Chen was shocked.

Pray for the Buddha's body to use it.

Rosary beads go with you.

It slammed down from the sky.

Bang.

The big crab was suddenly hit.

The body sank heavily into the sand.

Li Chen didn't dare to relax, for fear that it would explode and hurt others again.

The rosary becomes the size of a basketball.

Every time it rises and falls, it contains a huge force.

Bang Bang Bang.

Three times.

The armor on the crab was smashed to pieces.

Immediately there was no breath.

But the string of blood float just now rushed into the crowd.

bang bang bang~

As soon as the blood float approached a stranger, it first expanded rapidly and exploded.

Circles of bloody air waved away.

Many people were overturned to the ground.

It is far more powerful than the one that Li Chen interrupted just now.

The affected disciples had red marks on their faces.

His hands kept scratching his face.

Li Chen frowned, this should be blood poison.

Blood poison enters the body, itching is unbearable.

When they catch the bones, the pain will start unbearable.

Suddenly a person shouted: "This is blood poison, quickly use Wuqing to dispel it!"

Wuqingsan is an antidote specially designed to detoxify the five poisons.

The monks hurriedly took out the pills from their bodies and stuffed them into the injured monk's mouth.

It took a while to calm down.

"Well, they are still lucky."

Hearing this, Li Chen turned and looked.

The monk described it as thin, and looked to be in his twenties, but his height was no more than five feet.

Wearing a red monk robe, there are four flame-shaped symbols printed on the chest.

It is only slightly different from the general logo of Four Noble Truths.

There is a layer of gold trim on the outside.

This is the symbol of the head of the Zen Academy.

"I have seen Senior Brother Li Zhen."

Four Truths Chanyuan is good at other methods, such as refining medicine and refining weapons.

And this senior brother Li Zhen is the ninth-generation disciple who is best at refining medicine in Shasheng Temple.

No wonder he recognized the blood poison at a glance.

Monk Lizhen looked bitter.

He pointed to several corpses not far away, and said a few words 'Amitabha Buddha' repeatedly.

It turned out that in the explosion just now, several fellow disciples went to see the Buddha on the spot.

Sure enough, there are dangers hidden everywhere in the secret realm.

"Senior brother, my condolences."

"Everything is predestined."

Monk Lizhen let out a long sigh: "Junior Brother, if you hadn't acted in time, there would be more disciples who died this time."

Li Chen shook his head: "Oh, it's a pity that it's still a step late."

Monk Lizhen patted Lichen on the shoulder, then walked into the crowd and said loudly: "Everyone, this is not a place to stay."

"Junior brother who has a boat ticket, board the boat first."

"If you don't have a ticket, don't act alone."

Ticket exchange is not cheap.

So many people who entered the secret realm did not.

They can only look for opportunities on the shore.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		