

Li Chen didn't know how long he had practiced.

Suddenly the penance nuclear boat shook slightly.

On the black tent, the sound of crackling rain intensified.

He stopped practicing and walked out of the awning.

The sky was still gloomy and eerie.

Compared with before, it rained harder and harder.

Now the awning boat is slightly shaken by the rain.

If this continues.

It might turn over anytime.

Li Chen looked up.

The front is like a water curtain, which cannot be seen.

When something goes wrong, there must be a demon.

Is this also the test of the Buddha?

It was the ground just now.

So now it's water.

Could it be earth, water, fire, and wind!

Buddhists believe that the world is composed of earth, water, fire and wind.

Two consecutive kalpas are exactly the way.

At this time in the noisy rain.

Sure enough, the sound of the Buddha sounded again.

Li Chen realized it in his heart.

Just repeat the old trick and hide in the small black room.

Wait for him to sit facing the wall.

Sure enough, the mood was extremely calm.

Originally intermittent, drowsy, and unclear Buddha's voice.

At this time, it was extremely clear.

"Water has the property of wetting!"

"It is said that the inner body is contained in the body, and the water is taken in, and the water is moist, and what is received in the inside.

Brain, root of the brain, tears, sweat, tears, saliva, pus, blood, fat, marrow, saliva, gallbladder, urine..."


"Its body is broad and pervades all forms, so it is called the water element."


[The Zen sound of the Great Buddha sounded in the small black room, and the epiphany state of all Buddhist exercises continued...]

[Your body has been baptized by the Buddha's music, and your physique has been greatly improved. Awakened: water-empty physique. 】

[Water-empty physique: The inner water body is flawless, and the efficiency of saliva, tears, body fluid, and liquid is far beyond that of ordinary people. 】

Li Chen was shocked.

Chest throbbing.

The blood rushed through.

For no reason, I just feel clear.

The whole person is like getting an electric shock.

What does the inner body of water include?

Saliva, tears, body fluid, liquid, essence.

As long as it is liquid, it becomes pure and flawless.

Be it blood, digestive juices, sweat, etc.

They are closely related to the internal circulation of the human body.

If the robbery just now was a physical enhancement.

Then the current water calamity is the joy of the internal organs.

Heart, Liver, Spleen, Lung, Kidney.

Where all the blood flows.

have been strengthened.

Lichen's Qi and blood surged together.

Blend with the flesh just now.

Unexpectedly, a thousand catties of extra force was exerted out of thin air.

Li Chen walked out of the small black room again.

Sure enough, the clouds rested and the rain fell.

long day.

It's still a blood moon.

Neither wind nor rain.

Until then, Lichen understood the great meaning of the Buddha's words.

It turns out that everything leads people to the right path.

Earth, water, fire and wind.

The next one is fire without accident.

When he was thinking like this.

The blood moon in the sky became redder and more transparent.

The surrounding clouds seemed to be ignited.

Instantly.

The originally dark red sky turned brighter and brighter.

The clouds are steaming and the clouds are shining.

The sky became blurred.

Endless heat fell from the sky.

The sea of ​​blood is like a cauldron.

The bloody water in the cauldron began to rise into white gas.

The ascetic nuclear boat was originally carved from Bodhi seeds.

At this time, a layer of oil was baked on the whole awning.

Li Chen in the black tent was holding Tanchan's rosary in his hand.

His head was dripping with sweat, and it was too late to wipe it off.

The sudden heat almost suffocated him.

He knew clearly in his heart: the calamity of fire is coming.

Although mentally prepared.

But there is still no way to deal with it.

Lichen got out of the black tent.

He had already been roasted and upset.

Not only is it hot.

My heart is equally hot.

Anger, jealousy, lust, annoyance, dryness...

Mixed feelings.

With heart.

Li Chen kept the last bit of clarity in his heart.

He endured it and got into the small black room.

in an instant.

All emotions vanished.

And he finally heard clearly the sound of the Great Dao of Huo Jie.

"Fire is characterized by dryness and heat!"

"The fire that is caught inside, the fire is hot in nature, and what is received inside.

The so-called warming up, warming up, boredom, being strong, digesting and eating, such as remaining in this body. "


"Return the heating to the fire, yes."

[The Zen sound of the Great Buddha sounded in the small black room, and the epiphany state of all Buddhist exercises continued...]

[Your body has been baptized by the Buddha's music, and your physique has been greatly improved, and your physique has been awakened: Huokong physique. 】

[Huokong Physique: The inner fire body is flawless, energetic, physically recovering, and practicing endurance are far beyond ordinary people. 】


The fire goes out and the wind rises.

Suddenly there was a hurricane between the sky and the earth.

The ascetic boat moved forward with difficulty.

But it is difficult to go any further.

Li Chen knew that this must be the last catastrophe.

Wind robbery.


"The wind turns movement into sex!"


"It is said that what is inside the body is what is captured by the wind inside, what is moved by the nature of the wind is what is received inside.

It is called upper wind, lower wind, abdominal wind, traveling wind, restraining wind, knife wind, advancing wind, non-road wind, step-by-step traveling wind, breathing out of the wind, and breathing in of the wind. "


"Those who move and turn belong to the wind, all the movements of the body belong to the wind!"

[The Zen sound of the Great Buddha sounded in the small black room, and the epiphany state of all Buddhist exercises continued...]

[Your body has been baptized by the Buddha's music, and your physique has been greatly improved, and your physique has been awakened: Fengkong physique. 】

[Fengkong physique: The internal wind body is flawless, and the perception of five senses, body movement, and reaction speed are far beyond ordinary people. 】


at this time.

The horizon is flat, the rain is resting, the fire is gone, and the wind is still.

Li Chen just gathered the 'Earth-air physique', 'Water-air physique', 'Fire-air physique' and 'Wind-air physique'.

The unity of the four bodies can be said to be empty.

Li Chen only felt that his current body was extremely light and agile.

Regardless of strength, agility, energy, and endurance, they seem to be endless and never stop.

Li Chen was overjoyed.

Now there is no hindrance.

The ascetic nuclear boat turned into a streamer.

Facing the blood moon in the sky.

gallop by.

The sky is changing, and the sea is rolling.

I don't know how long it has passed.

The road ahead is still elusive.

Li Chen finally couldn't bear it anymore.

The obscure Zen master once said, as long as you board the ascetic nuclear boat.

Then you can fly to the other side.

But how far it will go, I didn't say.

It's been a long journey, I didn't say it.

Thinking about it, he didn't know the mystery.

Is it in addition to the four catastrophes?

There are other tests.

Li Chen suppressed the anxiety in his heart.

Go straight to the little black house.

Learn the exercises and recharge your batteries.

Tired of staying in it, I went back to the Wupeng tent.

Pan Pan rosary, practice dragon and elephant.

There is only night in the blood sea secret realm.

There is no day.

So Li Chen didn't know how long it had passed.

The moon in the sky, the clouds at hand, and the sea below.

Every time I watch it is exactly the same as the last time I saw it.

Where is the other side?

Li Chen couldn't help but began to doubt himself.

Anxiety, urgency, loneliness, unbearable...

All kinds of troubles came to my heart.

The inner hesitation and helplessness.

Nowhere to vent.

This moment.

It was as if I was practicing the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers".

Subconsciously, Li Chen wanted to clasp his hands together.

"Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" every move, every posture can add to the troubles in the heart.

Only after putting your hands together in the end.

All worries will disappear.

So at this moment, Li Chen subconsciously wanted to perform the last gesture—heshi.

He slowly moved his palms closer.

Obviously, he has never used the tricks of "Hundred Eight Troubled Prayers" before.

But at this moment, there seemed to be incomparable resistance between the two hands.

Anxiety surged in my heart.

Li Chen's hands trembled slightly.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		