

This trip into the secret realm, Li Chen brought a lot of drinks, but he didn't expect to have already consumed nearly half of it.

Fortunately, "Bacchanalia" is still relatively up-to-date, it has already broken through the third layer of the day after tomorrow, and the quality of true energy is still as good as ever.

[Due to the substantial increase in the perception ability of "True Hearing Technique" (Da Mao), the navigation ability of "Linglong Mind Scheming" has become stronger. 】


[Navigation: There are a lot of unknown obstacles in the road ahead, please slow down. 】

Li Chen hurriedly used the 'asking hand', only to see groups of goblins floating in the air about a few kilometers ahead.

They are about half the height of a person, covered in blood, waving small weapons one by one, baring their teeth and claws.

Li Chen already knew in his heart that this was undoubtedly a blood demon.

There are records about the secret realm of the Sea of ​​Blood in the Shasheng Temple.

It was mentioned that this kind of blood demon, although the individual is not strong, but there are many in groups, once encountered, it is quite difficult to deal with.

There is no good way to deal with it except to be extra careful.

Too many people is fine, but too few people are dangerous.

"Brother, there are blood demons in front of you, so be careful."

Li Chou was lying on the back of the whale and fell asleep, when she heard Li Chen's words, she was overjoyed: "It's just in time, the hands and feet of Sajia are rusty."

With a flick of the crescent shovel in his hand, he was really majestic.

"coming!"

'geegeegee~'

Crowds of blood demons rushed over with various weapons in their hands.

"Look at the staff!"

A burst of energy flew a long distance, and four or five blood demons were shattered into slag in just one stroke.

Seeing this, Li Chen was not to be outdone, he stretched out his palm casually, and a phantom of a flying dragon covered with lightning came out.

If these blood demons are not far apart, the lightning will spread nearby.

Anyone affected by the lightning immediately stiffened and fell from midair.

And those who are hit by the dragon-shaped phantom will be miserable, either directly become scum, or directly become crippled.

But as if they were not afraid of death, when the front fell, the rear immediately made up for it.

Even though Lichou was clever, she couldn't help but be flustered by them.

However, he is also rough and fine, when the crescent shovel is not turning well, he will take a deep breath and dive into the sea of ​​blood.

When I popped my head out, I still didn't forget to say: "Pickled bastards, use more to bully less~"

Although the blood demon can fly, it can't swim, so it can only worry in the sky.

Gradually, they realized that there was nothing they could do about Lichou, so they turned around and tried their best to deal with Lichen.

Although Li Chen is a master of knowledge, he can't stand the large number of blood demons.

Unknowingly, they really let them fly to the front.

He could only hear the continuous sound of "plop plop" in his ears, and it was the sound of the blood demon hitting the flying boat.

At this time, Li Chen was not ambiguous, as soon as they fit together and bumped into each other, it would be a phantom image.

Dragon and elephant phantoms, one is vertical and the other is horizontal.

The shadow of the dragon emerges from the palm, and the shadow of the elephant emerges from the body.

The dragon shadow is far away, but the elephant shadow has a large range.

As soon as the image came out, the blood monsters on the inner, outer, and inner layers were immediately squeezed into a rain of blood.

However, before Li Chen could be happy, countless blood demons came over.

Damn, force me to jump into the sea?

["The Art of Changing Karma by Cause and Effect" Listening to the Zen music of the Great Buddha, you will have a successful epiphany and realize the great transformation of karma. 】

【"Cause and Effect Change Career Tactics"

advanced intelligence

Personality: Top student, small job change, big job change

State 1: Good at research and study, has the ability of photographic memory, but sometimes gets into a dead end.

State 2: Unloading force, the small transfer can transfer the physical attack received to multiple directions, the upper limit is three thousand catties.

State 3: gravitational force, the big change of career can pull all the attacks around, the upper limit: three thousand catties.

State 4: Repulsive force, the Great Transformation can repel all attacks around, the upper limit is 3000 jin.

Description 1: The original world is a ball.

Description 2: The three laws of force have flaws. 】

gravitational? Repulsion?

Li Chen looked at his hands in surprise.

There seems to be a lot of knowledge about 'gravity' and 'repulsion' in my mind.

I don't know why, it's just like his instinct.

With a slight movement in my heart, an invisible force field changed around my body.

The blood demon in the sky seemed to be held down by a pair of invisible big hands, rubbing wildly in the air, unable to control his body at all.

With a wave of gravitational force, the group of blood demons squeezed into a ball, and when they approached their body, they suddenly turned on the repulsive force!

snap~

snap~

snap~

The blood demons all over the sky exploded in the air like basketballs that have been squeezed to the ground.

The attraction and repulsion of three thousand catties is enough to crush them into meat slag.

Through a simple test, Lichen found that with himself as the center, the closer to the center, the stronger the gravitational and repulsive forces, and the farther away, the weaker.

The central position can reach 3000 jin, and it decreases gradually outwards, and the attenuation is about 1000 jin every one meter.

When it was three meters away, there were only a few hundred catties left.

But it is enough to deal with the predicament at hand.

Under the ascetic boat, Lichou looked at the junior brother above her head in horror.

From his point of view, this junior has actually managed to practice the 'steel qi outward, three-foot qi wall' that can only be used in the innate state.

Can't see through, can't afford to provoke.

On the ascetic nuclear boat, a sphere is formed with Lichen as the center.

Three meters away is the **** hell, with broken bones and residues, within three meters, the breeze is as good as before, and the son is unparalleled.

Li Chen Feng Xu is in charge of the wind, leaving the world alone, just like a god descending to earth, one party dominates.

Gradually, the supply of the blood demon was somewhat out of reach...

Before they knew it, the two of them walked into a fog.

At this time, the blood demon has completely disappeared.

And the sound of gold and iron meeting faintly came from the front.

Li Chen's eyes brightened: "Brother, we should catch up with the blood shadow ship."

After speaking, he made a questioning hand, and sure enough there was a huge monster in front of him.

It was undoubtedly the blood shadow ship, but at this time they seemed to be in a lot of trouble.


bang~

Li Sao was spanked by the monster.

Regardless of the lack of real energy in his body, he said with a look of horror: "It, it, how did it know the "Blood Transformation Manual"?"

The rest of the people looked at each other in blank dismay, everyone knew that "The Sutra of Huaxue" was the fundamental secret of the empty nest monastery.

At this time, parting waved a palm, stopped the monster's castration, and took a step back, saying: "Many of the exercises in the Shasheng Temple come from the secret realm of the blood sea, and it is reasonable for them to make the blood turn into true energy."

"Humans, pure blood!"

The monster was able to spit out human words, which really surprised several people.

"Let's go shoulder to shoulder, looking at this monster is a bit scary."

"it is good!"

The five of them had just rushed halfway, when a whistling sounded from far to near.

Shua~

Unexpectedly, another figure descended from the sky.

Everyone thought it was a monster again, but they never thought about it. When the five looked up, their eyes were straight.

Gudong.

What appeared in front of her was a nearly naked woman. Her hair was half-curled up, her lips were red and her teeth were white, and her breasts were protruding. She was so white that it dazzled the eyes.

Where has everyone seen this scene before, and they were all stunned for a while.

This female benefactor... Could it be that a fairy came down to earth? ! !

Just when everyone was thinking about it.

The woman picked up a strand of hair with her left hand and ran it through her fingertips.

The other slender finger rested on the monster's shoulder.

Then described the other party's disgusting face as an intimate lick...

Unparalleled frustration wells up in the minds of all monks:

Ye Qingjie!

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		