

It has to be said that compared with Qianshou in the shape of anger, the disadvantages of Qianshou in the form of blood are still relatively large.

Li Sao is like a corpse that has been ravaged thousands of times, lying on the ground with only his last breath left: "Master...brother, save...me~"

Li Chen rolled his eyes: Don't be shy.

After another two Spirit Blood Pills were fed in, Li Sao's face turned slightly better.

The multi-armed gourd can copy arms, which is undoubtedly a perfect match with the supernatural power "Thousand Hands", but Li Sao's current practice is still too shallow, and his blood can't bear so many arms.

With the improvement of his physical training state, his blood will become more vigorous, and he will be able to control multiple arms by then, making him a blockbuster.

Li Chen asked him to rest here to recover some vitality, while he continued to climb up.

The red lotus gourd was harvested with the Uninterrupted Hellfire, which took up the word 'Fa'.

The Xuyu gourd was picked with the greedy toad rosary, which took up the word 'use'.

Of the three ways, only the 'body' has not picked the gourd.

The more he climbed up the mountain, the fewer disciples he met, until he reached the top of the mountain, Li Chen was stunned.

The highest point of this mountain turned out to be a sea of ​​flames, and even the blood vine, which was invulnerable to all methods, was reduced to ashes.

If it is a mortal body, how can there be life?

The "Truth Listening Technique" can identify fluctuations and detect falsehoods. His sea of ​​consciousness clearly sensed that there should be a gourd with a fairy fetus on the top of the mountain.

But why is it a flame?

The "Diamond Sutra" has a saying: All conditioned dharmas are like dreams and bubbles. It is like dew and electricity, so it should be viewed as such.

The "Nirvana Sutra" records: "At that time, the Tathagata, with the power of great compassion, from the heart of the heart, the fire leaped out of the coffin, and gradually began to worship. After seven days, burn the wonderful incense tower, and you will die.

What is fire?

Houses in the jungle and all kinds of creatures burn when they meet fire, disappear when they meet fire, and turn to ashes when they meet fire.

Fire is extinguished.

Slash-and-burn farming, passing on the torch from generation to generation, has fed countless hundreds of millions of creatures.

The fire continued again.

What the hell is fire? Is it extinction or continuation?

Neither, fire is Nirvana!

At this point, Li Chen was firm in his heart, not afraid of the flames in front of him that could burn the blood vine to ashes, he stretched out his palm like lightning, and plunged into the raging fire.

In an instant, all the fires condensed together, gradually turning into a gourd shape.

[Nirvana Gourd: Immortal Product

Nirvana mind, different wisdom.

One is not one, two is not two.

Anyone who enters the period can participate in Nirvana.

Extraction conditions: the heart enters the recluse's tranquility, the body participates in the bodhi root, the four elements are empty and extinguished, and I know the true Nirvana. 】

Although the extraction condition is only a gatha, there are actually four requirements.

The first heart to enter the tranquility of Shamen should mean cutting off all thoughts and realizing the state of "quietness". Lichen once went to the other shore and obtained the inheritance of "True Listening", which naturally meets the requirements.

The second body participation in the Bodhi root refers to the three treasures of Buddhism "Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha". If you are shaved and become a monk from the dust, you will practice the Buddha's body, read Buddhist scriptures, and use Buddha treasures, so you will naturally have the Bodhi root in your body.

The third is that the four elements are all emptiness and annihilation. The four elements are all emptiness. They are called emptiness. They are called non-existence.

The fourth is the truth of Nirvana. The sea of ​​fire on the top of the mountain should be a test to confuse the mind. The so-called form is emptiness, emptiness is form, and everything is a dream.

The Nirvana gourd takes its true shape, emits thousands of rays of light, and thousands of flames condense into a "卍" character that is reflected on the gourd tire.

[The "Grand View Sutra" sensed the word "卍" left by the Buddha, and unlocked the tattoo: immeasurable heart seal]

【Immeasurable Heart Seal

swastika shape.

Tattoo location: heart

Effect:

1. Infinite merit: After saving souls, it can transform the opponent's karma into merit, which has infinite magical effects.

2. Rebirth from Nirvana: The word "卍" can cover the heart and mind. When the soul of life is extinguished, it will consume merit and attract the real fire of the great sun, and be reborn from the ashes. 】

There is a tattoo design, and it is still on the heart.

Li Chen tried to visualize it, but felt dizzy and haggard.

I don't know how much effort I have to put in if I want to get a tattoo successfully.

Can't help but take a picture with the interpretation mirror.

[Tattoo conditions: Visualize the sun. 】

In the blood sea world, there is only one blood moon. If you want to get the '卍' symbol tattooed, you can only try after you go out.

Li Chen stood on the top of the mountain, surrounded by white mist, and with a thought in his mind, the Nirvana Gourd appeared in his hand.

Nirvana means extinction and rebirth, and the gourd can annihilate the substances put into it, and then reshape the new life.

The process of one death and one life is actually a process of getting rid of impurities, and each nirvana will bring about a stronger state.

But opening Nirvana requires the consumption of merit, so if Li Chen wants to use this gourd, he must either accumulate good deeds to accumulate merit, or tattoo the word '卍' on his heart to transform karma into merit.

The two methods are not simple. One is to accumulate over time, and the other is to have too high a threshold to get a tattoo.

Standing on the top of the mountain, Li Chen looked around, surrounded by a vast expanse of whiteness, took off the gourd on his waist, took a sip of fine wine, and felt extremely calm in his heart.

At this time, the three methods of "body, method, and use" each picked a gourd, and there was no nostalgia for this place in my heart.

Because of having the gourd for a while, Li Chen didn't summon the ascetic nuclear boat, but walked straight down the mountain.

On the cliff halfway up the mountain, Li Sao ate two Spirit Blood Pills and was finally able to walk again.

At this time, most of the disciples had already returned to the village, and as expected by Li Chen, apart from Farewell and Li Sao, only Li Ge and Li Chou had won the gourd of spiritual grade, and everyone else was ordinary grade.

Among them, Farewell is the multi-wen gourd, and Li Sao is the multi-armed gourd. Both of them successfully picked the gourd with the help of Li Chen.

Both Li Ge and Li Shou picked it up by themselves, one is 'Tong Bao Gourd', and the other is 'Picking Shadow Gourd'.

[Tongbao Gourd: Spiritual Item

You can establish contact with the target magic weapon through spells, materials, formations, etc.

Interfere with the target magic weapon. After the interference is successful, the power of the magic weapon will be greatly reduced.

Bribe the magic weapon of the target. After the bribe is successful, there is a chance to erase the mark of the magic weapon and take it as your own. 】

Not to mention that it can interfere with the magic weapon and greatly reduce its power, but in terms of bribing the magic weapon, it can be taken as one's own.

This gourd is a good gourd for an empty-handed white wolf, and it fits senior brother Li Ge's character of getting rich with a muffled voice.

It's just that establishing a connection with the magic weapon requires a process, and I'm afraid it will not be too simple.

As for Brother Lichou's 'Picking Shadow Gourd', it's also not bad.

[Picking Shadow Gourd: Spiritual Item

When attacking the target shadow, the target body will receive the same damage.

When the shadow is attacked many times, it has a chance to be eliminated, and the target will fall into the state of "lost soul". 】

It has to be said that this gourd is hard to guard against. If the shadow is attacked, the body will also be hurt.

But there is also a shortcoming. Once someone is on guard, it is difficult to succeed.

PS: Thanks to Taoist Guyun, Wang Chao who coded, and two book friends for their rewards~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.


		