

When Li Shen blew himself up, most of the things on his body were damaged. Fortunately, the Buddha treasures are not ordinary things, and they were successfully recovered by Li Chen.

At this time, he came to Li Qi and bowed deeply: "Amitabha, thank you brother for reminding me, otherwise this little monk would probably have to go west with brother Li Can."

If it wasn't for Wei Wei's last reminder just now, a small half of the people present would have been affected by the explosion.

Although Li Shen was only a congenitally condensed cultivator, his sudden outburst was no less than an internal blow.

Li Qi let out a long sigh, shook his head and said: "Junior Brother, you are being polite, but it's a pity that Li Shen... is a pity."

After speaking, he opened his strange book, and after Li Shen's name on it, the words 'has fallen' appeared.

"The fate of all beings, brother, please don't feel sad."

"Junior Brother Li Chen, after all, Li Can is the chief of the Shuangcheng Temple, and his fall here will definitely attract the attention of all parties. If there is a need, Junior Brother can come to the Four Truths Temple to look for me."

Li Chen had this intention, and Li Shen's sudden death would definitely attract the attention of the elders, and he would inevitably be questioned.

"Then you'll have to bother senior brother."

"polite."

After speaking, he turned and left with his own bird.

And Li Chen took out the black lacquered pill from his bosom, which was still stained with some blood.

At this time, Li Chou who was behind said in a low voice, "Junior Brother, isn't this the pill that Li Shen wanted to take last?"

Li Chen nodded: "Before Li Shen died, his body seemed to be poisoned, and he took out this pill at the end, maybe it has something to do with his death."

"Brother, I will probably go to the Discipline Hall later, and please tell my master about this matter to my master, Zen Master Lonely."

"Brother, you can rest assured."

At this time, some disciples had already reported Li Shen's self-explosion.

The Sanbao Temple is in charge of the precepts of the Shasheng Temple, once they received the news, they dared not delay.

"Junior Brother Li Chen, please come with us."

Li Chen took a glance, good fellow, the Discipline Hall disciples are mighty and mighty, looking like they are facing a formidable enemy.

After all, it hasn't been long since Lichen broke into the Sanbao Temple alone, and Ligeng's three-year confinement has just begun.

There is nothing wrong with the Discipline Hall this time.

Li Chen didn't want to cause trouble, he glanced at the head monk, and then called out the Buddha's name: "Amitabha, please brother lead the way."

The holidays are the holidays, and the level of politeness cannot be relaxed.

Seeing Li Chen's cooperation, the disciples of Discipline Hall breathed a sigh of relief.

A quiet room was specially prepared for Li Chen for him to meditate and rest.

Seeing their cautious appearance, Li Chen was amused in his heart.

[Li Shen couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a high-level footwork movement technique "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow". 】


[Li Shen couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a low-level sword technique "Wugou Slash". 】


[Li Shen couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a top-ranked body training technique "Yingluo Yoga". 】


[Li Shen couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a secret about his experience in the world. 】

Hey, brother Li Shen explained it quite happily.

Through understanding, we know that about a year ago, Li Shen was still in the acquired Dzogchen realm.

At the foot of the mountain, Lu met a masked man and invited him to join a mysterious organization called 'Sha Ji'.

Originally, Li Shen refused, but the man first lured him with the secrets of Tianlong Babu, and then while Li Shen was distracted, he made a surprise move and planted a 'blood drop' on him.

As soon as the blood droplet entered the body, it took root in Li Cang's Dantian Qi Sea, and naturally had a divine sense, which could transmit information to Li Cang.

As long as the host obeys everything, the blood droplet is not only harmless, but also speeds up the circulation of Qi and blood in the body.

But when the true energy is exhausted, the blood droplet will also become extremely unstable, and you must take a 'burning eyebrow pill' in time to stabilize it again.

Seeing this, Li Chen finally understood.

During the martial arts competition, Li Shen's white snake Ninggang was torn apart by Li Chen's angry hands, causing his true energy to be exhausted.

Therefore, the blood droplet became extremely unstable, and it would be fine after taking the Burning Eyebrow Pill, but the medicine fell on the blood stains...

In the end he chose not to eat.

In the final analysis, Li Shen really died of his own cleanliness!

Before he died, he actually wanted to say the word 'shaji'.

According to Li Shen's memory, there is a 'ghost market' in the killing group, and only members of the killing group can freely enter.

In the ghost market, you can exchange, buy and sell, and find the information you want to know.

Because there is no middleman to make the difference, it is high in quality and low in price.

It is also because of this that Li Shen was able to break through to the innate realm so quickly and successfully condense the gang.

After reading it, Li Chen couldn't help but secretly startled. With this kind of thaumaturgy, the world of comprehension might not be peaceful.

The society is sinister, and only rapid growth is the last word.

Turning his mind to Lichen, he summoned four Buddha treasures: the shadowless blade, the sky cover, the Dinghai pearl, and the meteor fire fork.

The Shadowless Blade was carved with crystal, Li Shen used it as a knife, Li Chen also thought it was a straight knife.

But after careful observation, it was discovered that Wuyingren's back was straight, and there were sharp edges on both sides.

It is like a sword but not a sword, like a sword but not a sword.

Asuras are the most aggressive of the eight dragons, and their weapons naturally prefer to kill.

Legend has it that the Asuras and the celestials are feuds, and they have forced the celestials to perish several times. In the end, if the Buddha did not rescue them, the eight tribes of the heavenly dragons might not be able to get together.

The second piece is the sky cover, which is the most precious treasure of the heavens.

The sky canopy can cover the secrets, spy, and formation rules, which can be regarded as pure support.

Even the mirror light of the Xieyu mirror cannot penetrate, so it can be seen that this treasure is miraculous, and it was the most precious treasure that protected itself at that time.

The further back the realm, the more obvious the advantage should be.

The third Dinghai Pearl is the treasure of the eight dragons.

It can set the bottom of the sea and control the whirlpool.

The dragon has the greatest strength in water.

If there is this treasure to cooperate, it can really run rampant.

In the Blood Sea Secret Realm, Li Chen faced the Blood Dragon King, if he hadn't comprehended the "seed state" of the "Red Lotus Fire", then he would definitely not be the opponent of the Blood Dragon King.

Just the vortex formed by Dinghai Pearl has the ability to swallow the sky and the earth.

The fourth meteor fire fork is the treasure of the eight yakshas.

The Yakshas are known for their strange stature, no matter whether they are Dakini Yashas or Luxing Yashas, ​​they all move extremely fast.

In fact, the most fundamental inheritance of the Yakshas is "Kamma Fire Fills the Sky", which requires the fire of the meteorite on the Meteor Fire Fork to practice.

It's a pity that the Yakshas don't know that such a treasure is buried under the cottage they built.

So much so that King Yaksha wanted to exchange for the dragon fire by sacrificing monks.

The four treasures of Buddhism are suspended in mid-air, reflecting each other's brilliance between glances.

Apart from its own ability, there is nothing other than a magic weapon.

According to the secrets explained by the Blood Dragon King, the eight treasures are all transformed by the heart of the Buddha, and the mystery of them can only be found if all eight pieces are collected at the same time.

Among the eight tribes, except for the gods, dragons, asuras, and yakshas, ​​the whereabouts of the other four tribes are unknown.

There is no news of the other four treasures, so they can only follow the fate.

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		