

"Huh? Fresh face?"

The Judge Monk is a squat monk.

He was sitting at the table with his stomach on the edge.

The huge head remained motionless, only the eyes flicked around flexibly.

"Return to Master Uncle, I'm in the empty nest monastery, away from the dust."

Li Chen clasped his hands together to salute, and while bending over, a piece of spirit stone was stuffed under the merit book.

This spirit stone was originally a reward from Zen Master Lonely.

It is a real hard currency in the practice world.

This scene couldn't be hidden from the fat monk's eyes.

He pressed the merit book with his hand as if nothing had happened.

Ouch, hands down~

[The little monk is sensible! 】

"Oh? You are the young monk who passed this year's Diwali Trial."

"Uncle Master's eyes."

"Well, Brother Lonely has accepted a good disciple."

After finishing speaking, he swept his sleeves as if nothing had happened.

The merit book is leveled off.

"Which mission are you going to take?"

The fat monk silently followed the lead, and Li Chen's message appeared in the merit book.

"Uncle Hui, A character No. 1 and C character No. 17."

"Uh-huh?"

"C Zi No. 17?"

Silence looked up for the first time.

He looked at the handsome little monk in front of him.

Could it be that he is also a genius like the outrageous freak?

"No. 1, beast blood three fights, this task is not difficult.

You only need to throw the leech on the beast and keep an eye on it, the leech will fall off after it is full. "

"But... Czi No. 17 is not easy. Every year when autumn comes, many ferocious beasts start to appear frequently to prepare for hibernation.

Especially black and blind people are fat and strong.

These ten points of merit are not easy to get. "

Li Chen was shocked.

Good guy, Xiong Xiazi is so fierce.

Monk Jing Jing continued with some reminders: "The killing forest changes from the outside to the inside, every mile.

Remember not to go too deep. "

"If you can't finish it, it doesn't matter, just come here and sell it when the time comes."

After speaking, he took out a wooden sign.

On one side was Lichen's message.

On one side are the numbers of two missions.

"Take it, don't lose it."

"Thank you uncle for teaching."

The silent monk nodded.

A piece of Lingshi does not complain.

Li Chen took the task card and turned to the vicinity of the Hall of Merit - Blood River Valley.

There is a blood river in the Blood River Valley, which is said to connect to the sea of ​​blood in the forbidden area of ​​Shasheng Temple.

The animal blood collected by the disciples will be completed if it is poured into the blood river from here.

Before entering the killing forest, you have to come here to get the blood leech.

Li Chen showed the merit card, and the monk made a simple record, then threw him a jade box.

Opening the jade box, there were three blood leeches the thickness of a finger lying inside.

Before this thing sucked blood, it was all white, and it was quite cute.

But never touch it directly with your hands.

The silk gloves in the jade box must be worn.

Otherwise, it will be sucked by leeches.

After packing everything up, Li Chen headed towards Killing Forest.

Just out of the Shasheng Temple, you can see the lush forest.

Legend has it that the founder of Shasheng Temple, Monk Bukong, once attacked the monsters for three hundred miles, painted the ground as a prison, trapped the monsters in the forest, and set up an enchantment that could not be broken for a thousand years.

In the outer layer of the killing forest, most of them are ordinary beasts, and the beasts are more powerful as they go in.

There is still a big demon in the center.

If you are not in the realm of location, you will die if you enter.

That's why Uncle Ji Jing said that there is a change in the killing forest.

An acquired level of cultivation like Li Chen can wander around the outermost edge of the killing forest for two or three miles.

Shashenglin was born to be a paradise for wild beasts and monsters.

Once inside, it is very difficult to identify the direction.

So while walking from Lichen, make marks along the way.

After about a stick of incense.

Li Chen met the first beast.

It was a wild boar.

This thing is extremely difficult to deal with if it is in groups.

Fortunately, what Li Chen encountered was only one end.

It is more than one meter long, snoring and sniffing around.

Probably looking for food.

Li Chen didn't dare to approach rashly, so he could only hide behind a tree.

Observe secretly.

[I arch, I arch, I arch~]

Seeing the wild boar looking around, Li Chen's heart skipped a beat.

Break up the previously prepared jerky to reveal the smell.

Scattered in the grass not far away.

Peggy's sense of smell is extremely sensitive.

Sure enough, it quickly caught its attention.

【Scented~】

He arched his nose and walked in this direction.

See it approaching.

Lichen's eyes are quick and his hands are quick.

Putting on silk gloves, he picked up a leech and threw it out.

The leech crossed a beautiful parabola and landed on Paige's body, and it was already sucked tightly.

This is followed by visible swelling.

The blood leech, which was originally white and fat, soon became black and swollen.

When it is full, it will naturally fall off the pig.

So during this period, Li Chen had to keep a close eye on the other party.

This wild boar Peggy is also unlucky.

I just started eating meat today, and it turned out to be a trap.

Feeling top-heavy while eating.

Li Chen hid behind the tree and laughed.

Good guy.

With the belly of the blood leech on its back protruding high, its size can catch up with half a pig's trotter.

Page also began to spin around involuntarily.

[Why are you a little dizzy? 】

[Too much cabbage last night? 】

It didn't understand what was going on until it finally lay down.

Fortunately, at this time, the leech also just sucked up and fell off.

The wild boar can be regarded as picking up a pig's life.

The entire process from adsorption to satiation takes only about one cup of tea.

Li Chen chuckled.

Go forward and pick up the leech the size of a volleyball.

Good guy, heavy.

One can suck a bucket of blood.

The leeches that have been sucked can be taken directly by hand.

The leech became pitch black, and the skin became hard.

This thing, a large shot put.

Move on to the next target.

Li Chen still repeats the old trick.

Walk around the periphery along a few stepped mountain roads.

It was not yet noon.

Soon a second beast was encountered.

A wild deer with red eyes and strong and sharp horns on its head.

Witnessing this with his own eyes, Li Chen opened the century-old vine with his head.

Good guy, it feels fiercer than the wild boar page.

Wild deer don't eat meat, and herbivores are more alert than carnivores.

As soon as you hear any trouble, run away immediately.

Li Chen found a place overgrown with weeds.

He held his breath and remained motionless.

Such a fine weed lies before you.

You can't be tempted at first glance.

You can hold back the first grade of junior high school.

I don't believe you can hold past fifteen.

You are still mine after all.

Sure enough, the wild deer still didn't hold back.

Before I knew it, I came together.

Take advantage of it to eat delicious.

Li Chen grabbed the leech like lightning and threw it away.

Leeches are like cocklebur, they won't fall off when they touch them.

Adsorbed on the back of the wild deer, his stomach was already the size of a fist in a blink of an eye.

But before Li Chen was happy, the wild deer seemed to notice something unusual.

Started to swear and started to run into the woods.

Lichen: (⊙o⊙)!

Don't run in there.

Killing forest has obvious grade distribution.

Ordinary beasts only dare to wander around the periphery.

But this wild deer was very abnormal and ran inside.

Li Chen was terrified, but he didn't dare to give up.

Because that leech is worth thirty spirit stones.

I can't afford it myself.

There are no more scruples now.

With a touch of his feet, the bloody true energy spread out.

The body rushed out with a bang.

The speed is astonishing.

But even with the domineering Blood Transformation Qi, Li Chen still couldn't keep up with the speed of the beast.

Only according to the traces, hanging far behind.

In his heart, he prayed for the blood leech to suck up and fall off quickly.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		