

According to the Black Wing Mosquito, it only sows the seeds and leaves the rest to fate.

Li Chen is also helpless, the younger brother asks for blessings.

Just as the two were about to leave, Liaozhu from Tanchan's rosary sent out a divine thought.

[Discover a secret cave in the Shura Catacombs. 】

Li Chen was stunned, and looked back at the cave where the fire was shining: There is also a secret room in this kind of place?

The flames were put away, and the entire cave was silent.

The entire Asura group is walking corpses, life is worse than death, and being baptized by the Jade Phosphorous Fire at this time can be regarded as an early detachment.

The secret room discovered by Liaoworm is at the bottom of the cave.

At the end of the corridor, it is connected to the sea of ​​blood, and there is a sunken boulder right at the connection.

Remove the boulder and you will see the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets.

The Bloodwing Black Mosquito is focused on controlling the Asura tribe, but it is also a coincidence that it did not find this place.

The two entered the cave one after another, and it was unexpectedly quiet inside.

The secret room is not big, and there are no other sundries, but the three walls are covered with words.

Li Chen walked to the first block, which recorded the history of the Asura clan.

"Among the three realms, there are four types of asuras.

If you are in the ghost way, use the magic power to protect you, and take advantage of it to enter the sky. This Asura is born from an egg and taken by ghosts.

If in the sky, the descending virtue falls, and its dwelling is adjacent to the sun and the moon, this Asura comes out of the womb: it is captured by the human interest.

There is King Shura, who holds the world, is powerful and fearless, and can compete with Brahma King and Heavenly Emperor Shi for power in the four heavens. This Asura, because of the change: it is taken by the interest of the sky.

Don't have one point, the inferior Asura, born in the heart of the sea, sinking into the mouth of the water cave, swimming in the void at dawn, returning to the water at dusk, this Asura, because of the moisture, has: animal interest. "

The Asuras here were born in the sea of ​​blood, so they are the inferior Asuras, belonging to the animal kingdom.

It is the lowest of the four types of Asura. Its temperament is changeable, it is good at jealousy and hatred, and it has great anger and karma changes, so it gives birth to supernatural powers.

Then the words on the second wall recorded this supernatural power "Thousand Hands".

Supernatural powers, as the name suggests, are spells that can only be used by gods.

It can be seen that the art of supernatural powers is not trivial.

When each monk enters the realm of asking, there is a high chance that he will be able to comprehend his own supernatural powers.

There are also people with deep opportunities who can get a glimpse of the scene in advance.

Just like the current Li Chen and Li Sao.

This "Thousand Hands" is a supernatural power that can transform from the body, and can transform into extra arms on the body.

Different from the true qi of ordinary exercises, supernatural powers can consume the seven emotions and six desires, as well as merit and luck.

But "Thousand Hands" is divided into upper and lower training methods.

The upper one is the 'angry form', which needs to be of the Asura clan, and can take the affliction and anger in the heart as a substance, and transform it into a form.

The lower one is the 'blood shape', and those who need vigorous energy and blood can consume blood energy and transform into a shape.

Both have different effects.

Transformed into anger, the shapes are different, each with its own uniqueness.

When the anger is exhausted, the form disappears.

Transform into form with qi and blood, no matter how much it is, it is like itself.

Qi and blood stagnation, the shape disappears.

Comparing the two, the biggest difference is that the arms transformed into anger have their own changes and their own magic.

The arm transformed from the blood form is the same as the main body. If the main body is strong, the transformed arm will be strong. If the main body is weak, the transformed arm will be weak.

So high and low.

Li Sao is not from the Asura clan, so he knew that he could not practice the high-level anger form, so he directly looked at the low-level 'blood form'.

But Lichen is different, although he is not of Asura blood, but he can use the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" to arouse the anger in his heart, so he directly looked at the "angry form" of the superior.

Both of them have extremely high understanding, and soon they each have their own gains.

[The supernatural power "Thousand Hands" has the potential of psychic awakening of low-level spiritual wisdom. 】

【Thousand hands

Personality: Flammable and explosive

Status: When you feel enough annoyance and anger, you will automatically transform into arms on your body.

Description: What are you looking at? 】

Li Chen was overjoyed, as expected, it was possible.

This supernatural power and "Hundred Eight Trouble Prayers" are simply a combination of godsend.

During the practice of "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers", countless troubles always come out of my body.

Every time Li Chen was suppressed with strong concentration, in order not to be dazzled by anger.

With this supernatural power, you can transform your annoyance and anger into an 'angry form', so you don't have to worry about dementia.

Moreover, the power of "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" lies in the fact that the last palms together can detonate all the changes at the same time.

Then if I transform an extra pair of arms, and the two pairs of arms are 'joined' at the same time, will the power be doubled?

What if you continue to add arms?

It's a pity that I'm in the secret room now, the space is small, I can't try it, I can only keep it in my heart first.

At this time, Li Chen looked at the wall again, and found that the method of 'angry form' on the wall had disappeared.

Seeing that Li Sao was still comprehending, he began to look at the third wall.

On the third wall is a picture.

In the picture is a giant tree that pierces the sky and reaches the ground. The roots of the tree are rooted in the soil, but the fruits are in the clouds.

According to the text, Li Chen knew that the original Asuras lived in the caves of Mount Sumeru.

There is a tree here, which is called the Bodhara tree.

The root of the sacred tree is in Asura's territory, but its ripe fruit is in the sky.

Therefore, the battle between Asura and Heaven was triggered.

Later, the sacred tree collapsed, and one of the fruits fell into the sea of ​​blood and turned into a vine.

This vine was born with supernatural powers, and after receiving the Buddhist essence of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, it turned into a gourd seed, and it was named "Equality Vine".

'The Dharma is equal, there is no superiority or inferiority, based on Buddhist teachings, great compassion, all things are equal, only seek fate. '

Seeing this sentence, Li Chen was thoughtful.

It should not be picked by everyone, but only after certain conditions are met.

'To those who hold it, take equal chances. '

‘Everything that weighs, the body, the law, and the use, cannot be taken repeatedly. '

Only then did Li Chen suddenly realize that the gourd vine of emotion is not limited to one per person, but three!

Corresponding to the three picking methods of "body, method, and use" respectively.

These three methods are the conditions for measuring equivalence. Only when the corresponding requirements are met can the corresponding gourd be obtained.

At that time, the three divine monks, Obscure, Obscure, and Obscure, should have been picked by themselves, which happened to correspond to the "body" of the three balancers.

The three of them were the best in Shasheng Temple at that time, needless to say their qualifications, so the three gourds they got were very handy.

But because of the 'unrepeatable', when they picked the second one with their own hands, they couldn't pick it off.

If you want to pick the second and third ones, you have to use 'method' and 'use' respectively.

'Fa' corresponds to spells.

And 'use' corresponds to the magic weapon.

There are 48,000 gourds on the equal vine, each gourd is transformed by the way of heaven, and each has its own magic.

Next is a map.

It turned out that the vine grew in the middle of the island.

Half of it is under the jurisdiction of the ancestor Styx, and the other half is the territory of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.

But the Blood Sea Secret Realm has been established since the beginning of the world, and the vicissitudes of life have already changed things and changed their appearance.

This map is probably useless.

At this moment, Li Sao finally comprehended the 'Thousand Hands in the Shape of Blood', and the words on the second wall disappeared completely.

"Brother! Great opportunity!"

"Hey hey."

Seeing him dancing, Li Chen couldn't help worrying secretly: Don't get pregnant~

PS: Thanks to the book friends 160203214418460, Xingyuaotianqiong, Yu Yazhisheng, everyone's big rewards~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		