

"Junior brother, why challenge me?!"

Li Shen had an angry look on his face, first he was stalked by Li Ge, then he was mentally attacked by Li Sao, and now he has to accept the challenge of Li Sorrow, even the gods are angry.

"Brother, you misunderstood, who doesn't know that I, Lichou, likes to compete with others.

It's just that senior brother, you have a lot of things to do every day, and you don't often go back to the temple, so you have never had a chance.

Now that I finally have a chance, naturally I can't let it go. "

Li Chou had prepared his speech a long time ago, and his buzzing voice made him look a bit more straightforward.

The monks in the audience applauded, naturally they didn't know the secret behind it.

hum~

With a cold snort, Li Shen's crystal knife was out of its sheath.

The speed of this knife was extremely fast, and it came to Li Chou's face in an instant.

Li Chou laughed: "Good job!"

The crescent shovel has already hit it with the sound of the wind.

Li Jian's shovel was magnificent, and he didn't dare to take it hard, so he swayed, and an afterimage appeared on his body.

It was an extremely brilliant dodge technique.

Lishen is a special existence in Shasheng Temple.

Among the nine generations of disciples, the farewell monk of Yixin Chanyuan is the first in Buddhism.

But in terms of aptitude, before Lichen, this monk Lican from Shuangcheng Temple was number one.

He is also born with a treasured body, named "Para Snake Body".

It can twist its body like a snake and perform various movements that are difficult for mortals to do.

As soon as I went up the mountain, I learned the "Yoga of Yingluo", which no one can practice for five hundred years, and was directly cultivated.

But the Shasheng Temple is based on the incomplete inheritance of the ancestor Ming He, and most of the exercises practiced are related to blood.

And Li Shen is a serious cleanliness obsessive, and he can't see blood, so he was given another inheritance.

It is very different from the exercises learned by ordinary monks, and it is refreshing to come out at this time.

"Okay~"

"I think the 'Madman' may have encountered some difficulties this time."

"That's not necessarily the case. It may not be worth the blow of senior brother Lichou if it is flashy."

"Let's see, the outcome is still unknown."


While all the monks in the audience were discussing, the two on the stage had exchanged seven or eight moves.

It is also miraculous to say that Li Chou's crescent shovel is fierce and fierce, but it is easily resolved by Li Shen's strange yoga skills.

It feels like punching the cotton with a punch, and the strength can't be used.

Even so, Li Can could only dodge around in the face of Li Sorrow's crazy storm.

His stature is good, and with his white clothes, he looks like a fairy, full of impressions.

"Grandma, what kind of ghostly body technique is this!"

Li Chou obviously has a gourd picking up shadows, but at this moment, he can't even touch Li Shen's shadow.

He became anxious, and stood beside him with the crescent shovel, swung it in two circles, soared into the air, like a tiger coming out of its cage, it swept away like lightning.

Li Shen had also heard of Li Chou's name as a 'lunatic', and knew that once he became mad, it would be extremely difficult to deal with.

Thinking of this, he quickly avoided the edge, and retreated to the edge of the blood-testing rock like a ghost.

He had already guessed that Li Sao, Li Ge, and Li Shou were following him in turn, and it was probably related to Li Chen.

In the secret realm of the sea of ​​blood, Li Shen pitted Li Chen, but he didn't expect Li Chen to come back alive.

Knowing that the other party will definitely settle accounts, but so what?

Lichen is yellow mud falling into his crotch, not shit, but also shit.

"Junior Brother, I know that you have a very close personal relationship with Junior Brother Li Chen, but I was talking about the matter at that time. Junior Brother Li Chen discovered the Equality Vine first, and of course he is the most likely to get the Falling Fire Fork."

"Besides, Junior Brother Lichen finally admitted it, so why do you need to do anything extra?"

"Fuck you motherfucker!"

bass!

The crescent shovel brushed against Li Shen's upper body, and there was a hole in his clothes.

Li Shen was taken aback immediately, this lunatic was really easy to provoke when he became mad, and he didn't dare to act rashly right now.

In this way, one is crazy output, and the other is focused on avoiding.

After another hundred and ten rounds, the two sides still hadn't decided the winner, but became more and more anxious.

"Oh, the chief is the chief, and there is really a bit of competition under his hands."

"I heard that the Shuangcheng Temple's eyes, eyes, and body are crowned with Jue Shasheng Temple, but now it seems that it is not in vain."

"From the point of view of this little monk, this Senior Brother Li Can has probably been hiding his strength."

"Well, how can you be an ordinary person who can dodge so many rounds under the madman's mad wand."

"However, I still think Brother Lichou will win."


Li Chen in the audience also watched with gusto. When he was in the Sea of ​​Blood Secret Realm, Li Shen hadn't made much of a move, as expected, he was hiding his strength.

It's just that the two are fighting like this, I'm afraid it will inevitably end in a draw in the end.

Just thinking of this, a sigh suddenly came from my ear: "If you defend for a long time, you will lose, and if you attack for a long time, you will get tired, but it is a draw."

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, and couldn't help but look over.

The monk who spoke seemed to be a few years older than himself.

He has unbrowed eyebrows, cross-eyed eyes, and is described as thin and sluggish. He is hunched over at a young age.

What is novel is that there is also a little sparrow on his shoulder, jumping and jumping, quite agile, and from time to time it even leans close to the monk's ear and chatters.

And the monk seemed to be able to understand, nodding his head from time to time, and then writing and drawing on the book.

Li Chen was a little curious, and when he took a closer look, there were densely packed words written on the book.

Vaguely is a ranking.

The first one was his brother, the outrageous little monk.

The second part is parting, and there are songs of parting and sorrow of parting below...

Until the ninth one, it was his own name, Lichen.

There are related introductions after your name.

Li Chen, 'Jade Faced Mad Monk'.

Inheritance: Empty Nest Chanyuan, inheriting the "Professional Art of Karma" written by the first lonely Zen master of eight generations, and comprehending the true meaning of dragon and elephant.

With the Buddha's wisdom hidden in his body, he suddenly realized the legendary "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers".

Life: Once broke into the Three Treasures Temple alone, and broke through the "Thirteen-Blood Rakshasa Formation", the "Four Monks Obtaining Sutra Formation" and the "Thirteen Blood Rakshasa Formation".

Disadvantages: The practice days are short.

Criticism: The No. 1 pride of Shasheng Temple.

Huh.

The evaluation is not low yet.

Especially the nickname 'Jade Faced Mad Monk' is a bit vulgar, but it is mainly appropriate.

twitter.

At this time, the bird on his shoulder suddenly screamed.

The monk seemed to have sensed something and turned his head, his eyes met Li Chen's.

He looked up and down Li Chen, and finally his eyes focused on the hair on Li Chen's bald head.

A moment later, he picked up a pen and changed Li Chen's ranking to 'fifth'.

Then cross out the shortcoming 'short practice days'.

The book was also miraculous, and it was rearranged in an instant.

Li Chen was taken aback, the other party not only recognized him at a glance, but also instantly perceived his cultivation.

Seeing the shock on Li Chen's face, he first explained: "Junior brother, don't be surprised, I see you have a spiritual light flying out from the sky cap, and you know that junior's cultivation has advanced rapidly, and you should be in the ninth generation of five fingers. "

Li Chen couldn't help being taken aback, and clasped his hands together: "Li Chen has met senior brother, senior brother is really amazing."

【This junior brother Lichen is really polite as rumored. 】

Just kidding, of course my empty-nest monastery puts politeness first.

The monk smiled and said, "Young monk is bizarre, the younger brother is too much for the prize."

It turns out that he is strange, it is said that he is born with spiritual eyes, knows the art of watching Qi, and can see the depth of people's roots.

At this time, Bi Qi stared at the stupid hair on Li Chen's head, still feeling that it was not enough, he turned around and picked up a pen to cross out Li Chen's nickname of 'jade-faced crazy monk', and then wrote 'one-haired monk'.


PS: Thank you book friends for rewarding 500 without beginning and without end; how many things through the ages have no beginning and no end~~

PS: Thank you book friends for the 100 rewards for rationality and self-discipline;

PS: Thank you book friend Lao Na for offering 100 rewards for piercing the head of a ball; there is no hair on the head, and there is a lover in the heart~~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		