

There is no sun rising and moon setting in the blood sea secret realm, and when the two returned to the blood shadow ship again, it was unknown how long it had passed.

"Junior Brother Sao!"

"He...he can come back alive!"

Li Chen chuckled, and thought: Not only did he come back alive, but he also bought one and got one free.

"Brothers, this little monk has increased his knowledge this trip."

Li Sao was surrounded by senior brothers, bragging in the middle, wishing to write hundreds of stories about this encounter.

"What the hell is Asura?"

"Buddha, I punch one!"


Li Chen didn't bother to pay attention to him, and was called to a cabin by parting as soon as he got on the boat.

At this time, the heads of the other three major Buddhist monasteries were all present.

"Junior Brother Li Sao can come back alive, what a blessing and a great fate."

Li Zhen from the Four Noble Truths Chanyuan couldn't help but rejoice.

Li Chen picked up the wine gourd and poured it down: "Thank you brothers for remembering."

Li Geng secretly glanced at Li Chen: This kid just found a good senior brother.

Ever since the incident at the Three Treasures Temple last time, he has been a little jealous of the junior in front of him.

After exchanging pleasantries, he parted and said, "The blood shadow ship successfully docked, and the next step is to collect resources."

"The situation on the island is unknown, and we can't wait without a plan."

Everyone nodded one after another, saying farewell, as the chief of the ninth generation of Shasheng Temple, words still carry a lot of weight.

This time the Blood Sea Secret Realm was opened, and everyone came here for the benefit.

Especially the blood vine on the blood gourd island, if you can pick off a gourd, it will definitely shine when you go back.

After a brief discussion, all disciples explored in rotation according to the four major Buddhist monasteries.

The four monasteries each perform their duties, only Lichen and Lisao seem to be homeless.

The two found a direction, and just about to set off, they heard a voice in their ears: "Here comes the wine."

With a smile on Li Chen's face, he untied the gourd from his waist and threw it over.

Looking back, it was the 'crazy' and 'dumb' of the Sanbao Temple.

Li Ge took the wine gourd, went up to smell it, and frowned, "Horse urine."

The corner of Li Chen's mouth twitched, but Li Ge took out a gourd from his waist and threw it back.

Pulling off the cork, a mellow aroma came out, and without caring about anything else, Li Chen lifted it up and drank wildly.

"Good wine!"

["Bacchanalia" suddenly drank fine wine, triggering the 'speech the truth after drinking', which is running automatically. 】

Li Chen had seen the map of the Catacombs. Although the exact location of the Equal Vine could not be determined, he knew that there was nothing wrong with walking towards the middle of the Blood Gourd Island.

The scope of the Blood Gourd Island is not small. Apart from the blood sea creatures hidden in the dark, there are quite a lot of resources on the island.

Blood Copper, Blood Begonia Flower, Blood Begonia Fruit, Blood Star Grass...

The four of them fight monsters and gather along the way, and it can be said that they have gained a lot.

According to Uncle Uncle, the three of them found the blood vine when they lost their way in the mist.

In other words, the blood vine must have grown out of the deep mist.

Li Chen has the "True Hearing Technique" by his side, and when he left the big ship before, he had already recorded the frequency of the brothers.

Now the location of each person can be displayed in the Interpretation Mirror, so he is not afraid of getting lost at all.

The four of them cleared the way across the mountains, built bridges when they met the water, and walked wherever it was rough and where it was dangerous.

Most of the places they went were inaccessible and slightly dangerous, but they were easily resolved by the four of them.

bang~

There was an explosion in the sky.

"It's a loud arrow!"

Li Sao looked not far away and shouted.

The source of the fluctuations is shown in the interpretation mirror - parting.

It wasn't too far from the sound, and that direction was right on their way.

The four of them didn't hesitate, and hastened to speed up.

The terrain on the island is somewhat complicated, and it is not slow for four people to walk through it.

"Be careful!"

Li Ge's flying sword 'chuckled' and intercepted a black light.

Suddenly, at some point, a monster with a human body and a dog's face popped out from midair.

It is covered in blue, holds a long gun, and has a pair of wings on its back.

The most important thing is the hair on the body, which is a continuous piece of black flame.

The flames were heart-pounding and frightening.

"Young lady, I'm so scared!"

Li Sao staggered in shock, if Li Ge's flying sword hadn't stopped her just now, she might have worn candied haws.

Thinking of how I can bear it here, the counterattack is a punch with 100% strength.

The monster reacted flexibly, fluttered its wings slightly in the air, and then easily moved away.

Li Sao hated it so much, there was no way this thing could fly, there was really nothing to do with it.

At this time, Li Ge did his part, flicked the flying sword in his hand, and it turned into a silver light, stabbing at the monster.

jingle~

Unexpectedly, the other party was not afraid.

When guns and swords meet, each wins.

Li Ge glanced at his flying sword, good guy, there were two gaps in it, the spear should not be ordinary.

biu~

Li Chen's rosary beads shot.

With a flick of tremendous force, the black rosary did not even leave a shadow.

flutter~

Um?

Even Li Chen was a little surprised this time, this guy was so fast that he was able to dodge it.

It's a pity that it flies a bit high and is not within the range of gravity.

"Look at Sajia's volley shovel!"

What a man, the crescent shovel in his hand danced faster and faster, almost disappearing.

Just when everyone was curious, the shovel escaped Li Chou's palm and flew towards the sky while spinning.

Although the speed of this crescent shovel is not as fast as the rosary beads and the flying sword, the whirlwind created by the shovel cannot be underestimated.

The flames on the dog-headed monster were blown to one side by the bitter wind, and even its two wings froze, frozen in the air for a moment.

Li Chen's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, the rosary flew out, bang, and directly penetrated the monster's body.

[Yasha·Dog: also known as Speeding Ghost, one of the creatures evolved in the sea of ​​blood, good at patrolling and guarding.

Once dominated by Asura, but gradually broke away from the shackles.

The weapons in Yasha's hands are mostly made of stubborn iron from the sea and are forged with special techniques. 】

It turned out that this is Yasha.

They occupy the mountain as king here, could it be that there are some treasures?

Li Ge picked up the spear, looked carefully, and found that it was extremely sharp.

A good thing, in terms of quality, it is far better than my own flying sword.

With such a sharp weapon close by, it should be difficult to deal with.

The four couldn't help guessing whether the parting party was trapped by this kind of Yaksha.

Soon this guess was successfully fulfilled.

Turn over the small hill in front of you, and you will see a small mountain depression in front of you.

There is a small bloody river flowing under the col.

There is a very simple stockade by the river.

Yakshas patrol around the village from time to time.

Some of them have the body of a bull's head, some have a horse's head, and some are tall, with hideous and terrifying faces.

Yaksha is divided into two types.

One is the dakini yaksha, which has wings on its back and can fly in the air.

The other is the earth-moving yaksha, which can run quickly on land and water, which often makes people unable to react in time.

The one they killed just now was the Dakini Yaksha.

Standing on a high place, the four of them could clearly see the bound monks in the open space in the middle of the village.

The monk at the front had a calm expression, vaguely showing the appearance of parting.

"Sure enough, it fell into the monster's den."

"Can you still save it?"

Li Sao turned to ask.

Li Chen kicked him: "Nonsense, of course I'm saved!"

"It's just that these monsters seem to have eccentricities. They don't eat people when they catch them, and wait for someone to rescue them?"

PS: Thanks to the book friend for the very vq 5000 point reward, the first deacon in this book~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		