

After parting, he suddenly realized, and showed a very clever smile: "Don't worry, junior brother! It's not that easy for them to cheat me."

"Brother is really the reincarnation of Mr. Wolong~"

"Junior brother, thank you, thank you~"

【Finally, I can no longer hide my extreme intelligence. 】

"The monks in Shasheng Temple are all fake monks. They only like to kill people and don't like to read scriptures."

"We will meet here every five days from now on.

If there is something urgent, the younger brother only needs to be on the first floor of the Sutra Pavilion.

The thirteenth row, the fifth bookshelf from the left, just place the fifth and sixth volumes of the "Forty-two Chapters" on the bottom floor upside down. "

"In the eight years I have been lurking, the "Forty-two Chapters" has only been touched five times, and mouse feces were found in all five times."

Sure enough, the Shasheng Temple is full of fake monks.

However, farewell brother, you squat in the scripture pavilion reading every day, and your behavior pattern is very different from other monks.

Is this really good?

After all, Killing Temple is a magic way!

You love learning so much, won't it really arouse others' suspicion? !

"This plan is very good, senior brother is smart, comparable to Crouching Dragon Hidden World!"

There is no trace of Li Chen's flattery, parting: [Those who know me, Li Chen also~]

After a quick meeting at Siyun Pavilion, the two established a profound revolutionary friendship!

Li Chen also had a preliminary understanding of the Samsara Temple, Da Ci'en Temple, and Shasheng Temple.

Since I had no intention of bumping into my intentions, I simply got involved, maybe there might be unexpected gains.


Back in the meditation room, drink a gourd of wine.

"Blood Transformation Manual" started running automatically.

After a short time, he successfully activated the 'speech the truth after drinking'.

This time, he wrote nearly a hundred words eloquently.

After a cup of tea, I stopped.

The "Hua Xue Jing" practiced all the scriptures after "spitting out the truth after drinking".

So far, all the drunken truths have been integrated into one scripture.

At this moment, a line of text flashed in the Interpretation Mirror:

["Blood Transformation Scripture" has found some soul fragments, and the aptitude is evolving. 】

Before Li Chen could react.

Turning blood into true energy is like a wild horse running wild.

The speed has increased by another three points.

Straight to the belt vein behind the dantian.

It seems to open up a second route.

Li Chen's expression became serious, knowing that the cultivation technique was about to undergo a major change, he immediately cheered up.

The blood and true energy condensed into a thread, flying out like an arrow.

Arrows go nowhere!

Li Chen only felt his blood surging.

My heart sank.

This is a sign of failure.

Impulsive.

It's only been more than a month, and he dared to attack the second day after tomorrow.

Really bold.

Just when he was giving up hope, the true energy of blood turned into alcohol.

It's like divine help.

True Qi gushes out of its own pulse.

Take the Ren meridian and the Du meridian.

Like a dragon returning to the sea, it flows through the whole body.

Infuriating gushing more than ever before.

In the end, it sank in the dantian, flowing like warm jade.

Li Chen couldn't help dripping with joy.

At this time, the mirror light fluctuates.

["Bacchanalia" evolved successfully. 】

【Dionysus

Grade: middle grade

Personality: will drink

Hobbies: drinking

State 1: True Qi comes with a 'fake' effect. Every time the feint is successful, the second hit will definitely produce a critical hit effect.

State 2: After drinking, enter the active practice, there is a chance to trigger the "speaking the truth after drinking" and perfect the exercises.

Description 1: It was originally the supreme avenue heart method "Blood Nerve" of Patriarch Styx, which has gone through ages, and only remnants remain.

Description 2: Monk Bukong used the "Wujianyin method" to combine various exercises to complete the remaining chapters, but the power was greatly reduced. At the same time, he needed to use blood to dissolve the hostility. It is called "Huaxue Zhenjing".

Description 3: Under the catalysis of alcohol, it has undergone abnormal evolution, and it has become a ground-level exercise "Bacchanalia", with a vaguely rudimentary form of the Dao. 】

The first is that the name directly becomes "Bacchanalia".

The rank has changed directly from the original 'Xuan rank upper rank' to 'Earth rank middle rank'.

Personality changed from 'violent' to 'will drink'.

Even the status has changed.

Finally no side effects.

It also comes with a 'feint' effect and a crit effect.

It's just a shotgun change.

When Li Chen saw the description, he was shocked.

"Blood Nerve"? !

That is the fundamental inheritance of Patriarch Styx.

One of the first avenues when Hongmeng first opened.

No wonder it has psychic potential.

After the breakthrough, "Bacchanalia" runs more smoothly.

And there is no hostility in the true spirit.

Even with no drink or blood, no madness.

Li Chen secretly lucked out his true energy.

Immediately, I felt majestic and infuriating.

Infuse true energy under the feet, and move the body slightly.

Seemingly real or false, suddenly left and right.

Feint!

Li Chen has never practiced any agility.

At this time, it is like a phantom, making people unpredictable.

Then he waved his fists and feet, and it was the same.

Sometimes it expands and sometimes relaxes, sometimes it is fast and sometimes it is slow.

If it is against the enemy, it will definitely make people confused.

At this moment, he swung his palm violently.

Suddenly feel breath soaring.

Zhang Feng hesitated.

Stop until three feet in front of you.

Li Chen couldn't help being secretly surprised.

If it is normal, he can barely hit the palm at most.

And this should trigger the crit effect.


Three days later, in the evening.

Empty Nest Temple.

Li Chen arrived as expected.

"Disciple Lichen, pay homage to master."

Lonely Zen Master smiled and nodded: "Well, disciple, you are here."

After speaking, he took out a palm-sized porcelain bottle from his arms.

The whole body of the porcelain bottle is black, round and sealed with cork.

"Here, this is the bergamot bear bile pill."

"A total of ten grains can increase strength by a thousand catties."

"Cooperate with the small job change, and there should be no opponents below the fifth level of the day after tomorrow."

Li Chen was overjoyed, and took the medicine bottle with both hands.

"Thank you, Master, for giving me the medicine."

Zen Master Lonely nodded slightly, and suddenly stared at Lichen, with a happy expression on his face: "You have made a breakthrough?!"

Li Chen joined the eleven ceremony again: "Thanks to Master's care, I only entered the second level of Houtian the night before yesterday."

In more than a month, he entered the second stage.

In the killing temple, it is also amazing.

Zen Master Lonely had a bright face, and his cassock fluttered: "Hahaha, after more than a month of practice, you will be able to enter the acquired second stage.

This speed can be counted among the five fingers in the records of my empty nest monastery.

I should have the arrogance of heaven. "

"Reward!"

After speaking, he flicked his long sleeve, and something flew out of it.

Crash.

It just landed on Lichen's neck.

Li Chen only felt a sudden sinking in his body.

A small change of career and no thoughts.

Put all your strength into the ground.

Immediately all strength disappeared.

Looking down, it turned out to be a string of black rosary beads, each the size of a walnut.

The surface is bumpy, petal by petal.

It doesn't look very impressive.

But hanging on the body feels at least tens of kilograms heavy.

It doesn't look like anything.

Zen Master Lonely continued: "This string of beads is called 'Greedy Toad', and there are thirty-six beads in total."

"It was passed down from the ancestors.

The origin can no longer be studied.

Apart from being extremely hard and extremely heavy, there is nothing magical about it.

You usually wear it on your body and can do weight-bearing.

It should be beneficial to practice "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue". "

Li Chen was overjoyed, and quickly thanked him: "Thank you, Master, for your generous gift."

Something is better than nothing.

The rosary beads in the left hand of the Lonely Zen Master are spinning, and the wooden fish in the right hand is tapping.

With a smile on his face, he said: "Well, you must not relax in cultivation."

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		