

Ghost will-o'-the-wisp?

Li Chen outside the crowd frowned.

Could it be that the interpreter mirror is wrong?

No, not right.

Liaoworm is a strange beast in heaven and earth, and it rarely appears.

Uncle Lonely has probably never heard of it.

It's just a guess based on the symptoms of the injured disciple.

[Ghost fire, born in tombs, does not burn dead things, only touches living people, the soul of the touch is injured, there is no trauma to the body, and it is unconscious. 】

In this way, the two are indeed very similar.

However, it was the primordial spirit that was injured by the ghost fire.

But the poison of the green phosphorous fire is the body.

The green flames in the Sutra Pavilion spread all over every corner.

There is a growing trend.

"Master Huiming's uncle!"

I don't know who yelled.

I saw that there was already an old monk in the field.

He is wearing cassock, although he is old, but he is in good spirits.

A pair of eyes stared at the flames, and whispered: "It really is a ghost fire."

Immediately, he took a red lacquer gourd from his waist, pointed it at the scripture storage pavilion, and gave a light drink: "Take it!"

With just one word, the sky is full of green fire, and it seems to have found the source.

They rushed towards the little gourd one after another.

It disappeared in an instant.

Zen Master Huiming hung the gourd on his waist again, glanced at the disciples who were rolling all over the ground, his white eyebrows trembled: "Phantom ghost fire hurts people's primordial spirit."

"You can use the incense for nourishing the soul to wake them up."

After speaking, he disappeared again.

Li Chen couldn't help sighing: I didn't expect this flame to deceive even Master Huiming's uncle.

Although Zen Master Huiming took away the flames.

But I don't know the culprit, but he is still hiding in the Buddhist scriptures pavilion.

Liao worms are good at hiding, and I don't know where they are hiding now.

Maybe when I will come out and set the fire again.

Li Chen didn't dare to enter it rashly, so he pulled Li Sao away.

But I was thinking in my heart: There was an inexplicable fire in the Sutra Pavilion.

And it's also a Jade Phosphorous Fire that is very similar to a ghost fire.

Could this be done on purpose?


The day the Sutra Pavilion caught fire.

The elders of the Jiansi issued three decrees in a row.

1. All disciples are not allowed to leave the temple without authorization.

2. Lower the conditions for exchanging jade biscuits of merit and virtue, and encourage disciples to practice diligently.

3. The 'Blood Sea Mystery' will be opened in one month.

The three decrees instantly detonated the entire Shasheng Temple.

The first two are nothing, but the Blood Sea Secret Realm is a once-in-a-century opportunity.

It consumes a lot of resources every time it is opened, and it usually only opens once every hundred years.

The secret realm is also called the small world. It is said that it was opened up by the great way when the sage was on the right way.

The Blood Sea Secret Realm is the small world opened up by the Patriarch Styx. Although it has lost its former glory after countless years, there are many inheritances of the Patriarch Styx hidden in it, such as "The Disintegration of the Blood Demon" written on the merit jade of the Shasheng Temple. Dafa", "Yuan Tu Sword Art", "Abi Sword Art" and so on.

Each one is the supreme law inherited from ancient times, how can it not make people's hearts move.

Under the three decrees, everyone began to practice with all their strength.

The depressing feeling brought about by the ghost religion is not worth mentioning.

In the evening, Wuse Mountain and Siyun Pavilion.

Seeing Li Chen, parting seems to be relieved.

He was originally a sullen person, but he looked very dull.

At this time, put your hands together: "Buddha bless, Buddha bless."

"Junior brother, you are safe and sound, then I can rest assured."

see him so.

Li Chen was also very moved.

Today, the Sutra Pavilion was on fire, and many disciples were caught in the fire.

If it wasn't for Li Chen's trip to the beginning and end, he would have been delayed for a while.

Maybe it's really going to hit me.

Li Chen clasped his hands together: "Thank you, brother, for caring."

"When a fire broke out in the Sutra Pavilion today, I happened to be on the way there, and I escaped the disaster by luck."

"The ghost fire is so vicious that all disciples who are infected will either have a splitting headache or become unconscious."

"Even Uncle Ji Nian and Uncle Lonely are helpless."

"In the end, Master Huiming's uncle was invited to subdue the flame."

Speaking of this, Li Chen pretended to be cute: "Senior brother, you haven't seen that red lacquered gourd of senior uncle, it was just a light move."

"The ghostly ghost lights all over the building disappeared."

"I'm so envious of my junior brother."

Leaving a smile on his face: "You don't have to be envious, Junior Brother.

Do you know the origin of the red gourd? "

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment: "Brother, please speak slowly."

Farewell smiled, and put it off first: "Junior, do you know the news that the Blood Sea Secret Realm will be reopened in a month?"

Li Chen's face was filled with joy: "That's natural, which one in Hesi Temple is not full of enthusiasm now."

Speaking of this, he was suddenly taken aback: "Could it be that the red gourd was obtained from the secret realm of the sea of ​​blood?"

Nodding partingly: "Junior Brother is really Bingxue smart."

"It is said that there is a blood vine in the secret realm of the blood sea, this vine seizes the good fortune of the heaven and the earth, and invades the mystery of the sun and the moon.

Every once in a while, it can produce different species of heaven and earth. "

"Junior brother has a great chance, maybe he can find blood vines and pick a different species."

Li Chen laughed: "Borrow a good word from senior brother."

But he thought of ghost fire again, so he asked, "Brother, have you ever heard of Ghost Cult?"

Farewell nodded solemnly: "Three hundred years ago, Taoist Youying founded the Ghost Cult."

"From then on, he recruited many disciples and rose rapidly."

"In recent years, the Ghost Cult's ambitions have grown day by day, and its methods have become more ruthless."

"Because of its obscenity, many sects have changed their flags and become fans of Ghost Sect."

"It's just that daring to provoke Shasheng Temple so blatantly seems to be a bit overreaching."

Parting with a contemptuous smile on his face.

Although he is an undercover agent of Daci'en Temple.

But the years in Shasheng Temple are not much less than those in Daci'en Temple.

Perhaps in terms of feelings, the Shasheng Temple is stronger than the Daci'en Temple.

Li Chen became interested, so he asked, "Isn't the ghost sect the number one sect in southern Xinjiang? Why do seniors despise it so much?"

"Hey, the number one religion in southern Xinjiang?"

"That's just bragging."

"If you talk about the history of the sect, the ghost sect is only three hundred years old.

The Shasheng Temple has been standing for thousands of years. "

"If you talk about the inheritance of the sect, the "Book of Ghosts" of the Ghost Sect comes from the ancient Xuanming Sect.

Compared with the inheritance of the ancestor Minghe of Shasheng Temple, I am afraid that he is not even worthy of carrying shoes. "

"If you talk about the resources of the sect, it is also a barren land in the southern border. The Shasheng Temple sits in a 300-mile killing forest and raises countless monsters. It can be said that cultivation resources are available for anyone.

Not to mention the Phantom Cult, even the whole of southern Xinjiang can't compare. "

Hearing this, Li Chen nodded secretly.

After all, it is a school that has been passed down for thousands of years.

A lean camel is bigger than a horse.

"In recent years, Shasheng Temple has seldom been in the limelight outside, so its reputation has been weaker."

"Junior brother, don't worry, the Phantom Sect will never cause any big storms."

Li Chen nodded slightly, and became more certain in his heart: the fire on the Sutra Pavilion must be the Jade Phosphorus Fire.

The Ghost Cult can rise rapidly in southern Xinjiang, and there is still some self-knowledge.

There is no doubt that in this matter, the Ghost Cult is the one to blame.

There is another person behind the scenes.

They deliberately provoked confrontation between the two major forces in southern Xinjiang.

What is the purpose?

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		