

Looking in the direction, I saw a platform halfway up the valley.

There was nothing else on the platform except a bed of animal skins in the middle.

There was a tall white ape on the bed, lingering with two human women.

There are more than a dozen naked women curled up beside them.

Some are crying, some are laughing.

At this moment, Li Chen was in a mess.


【Da Xuan (jue): A different beast, the monkey turns into an ape at the age of 800, and the monkey turns into a jue at the age of 500.

The body is sensitive, coming and going like the wind, sexually promiscuous. 】

Li Chen clenched his fists tightly, killing intent flashed in his eyes.

Even a beast dares to bully humans.

Suddenly something ignited in Lichen's chest.

Is it the self-esteem of the previous life?

Or worldly ego?

Is it the powerlessness of human life?

Or wild beasts.

Since crossing, he has never been so angry like this moment.

I don't know when a pair of arms have grown under the ribs, and the red lotus flames on Nu Xingqian's hands are transformed into flames, and the lines on the arms are like flowing magma.


When the welcoming team returns, monkeys all over the mountains surround Lisao's sedan chair.

In the bridal sedan chair, Li Sao had mixed feelings, cursing Li Chen's bad idea in her heart.

The screams of the monkeys were endless, so Li Sao dared to stay inside, waiting for Li Chen's signal.

squeak.

At this moment, a piercing scream sounded, and the group of monkeys moved out of the way.

It turned out that it was the big piggy, who jumped down from a high place and came straight to stand in front of the sedan chair.

At this time, the surrounding monkeys screamed deafeningly.

The wedding receptionist came over in a terrified manner, and danced in front of Da Xing.

squeak~

【My lord, the one I caught this time is a big beauty~】

Da Xuan was overjoyed when he heard the words: "Good!"

He was able to speak out.

The animal form cannot eat qi, but can only swallow the essence of the sun and the moon. After the animal form fades away, it can only be transformed into a human form to cultivate true qi.

Da Xuan's ability to speak human words shows that it has already refined the transverse bone in the throat, and perhaps after a few decades of practice, it will be able to transform into a human form.

In the past few days, the monkey wine in the camp has always been inexplicably reduced, and it is when the fire is raging.

Da Xuan was full of expectations, and opened the curtain with both hands, only to see the human woman with her head down, unable to see her appearance clearly.

It frowned, and it didn't look like the type it liked.

But seeing her lower her head, her heart felt itchy again, and she was about to pinch the woman's chin with her hand.

But when the other party grabs his arm, he likes to take the initiative.

Da Xuan's face was immediately full of peach blossoms.

But the color changed in the next second, and his arms seemed to be bound by iron clamps, and the pain was severe.

hee~

Li Sao suddenly raised her head and smiled at it.

squeak~

Da Xuan was taken aback, damn it, she's uglier than me!

It physically wanted to retreat, but how could Li Sao let it go?

Stretch out and pull~

squeak!

Li Sao's aptitude is extraordinary, and he has also practiced the "Blood Clothes Sutra", and his strength has long surpassed his peers.

Just now Li Chen sent him a sound transmission, which already explained the cause and effect of this situation, and now he was no longer worried, so he held down Da Xing and gave him a hammer.

The monkey was suspicious by nature, seeing the king got into the sedan chair and swaying back and forth, he was immediately curious about what was going on inside the sedan chair.

Especially the big horse monkey, the welcoming envoy, squeaked and screamed excitedly.

【did you see it? The bride I chose is beautiful in one word. 】

[The king is not avoiding people anymore! 】

On the other side, Li Chen had already summoned Liao worms and began to release Jade Phosphorus Fire around.

Li Chen stood on a high place, quietly waiting for the fire to spread.

He casually took out the gourd from his waist, 'gudong gudong', and took two big gulps, leaving the fragrance on his lips and teeth.

These monkeys, if there is not one left, they will all die.

See the time has come.

A dragon cry.

"Hundreds of Worry and Fury" descended from the sky.

The dragon-shaped energy exploded, and a bunch of monkeys died unexpectedly.

On the other side, Li Sao heard the sound of dragon chant.

The great monk King Kong glared at him, he moved and flew out of the sedan chair.

Wherever they went, the monkeys were killed and injured.

Those monkeys were ordinary beasts in themselves, and they were caught off guard by the two of them.

And Da Xuan also lay on the ground without moving.

Immediately, the tree fell and the monkeys scattered.

But the Jade Phosphorous Fire has already surrounded the entire valley, these monkeys will only die faster if they are contaminated by the flames.


Bloody sunset.

The valley is also bloody.

Li Sao lay on the ground, exhausted.

Li Chen stood on a high place, held up the jug for a while, and drank to his heart's content.

Let out a breath of foul air.

The aroma of wine is intoxicating.

【Da Xuan was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of the Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】

[Exceeding the monkey group, the immeasurable heart seal transforms thirty-seven strands of merit. 】

The immeasurable heart seal can transform karma into merit, but there is obviously not much karma in this group of monkeys.

Li Chen looked at the bloody valley with a gloomy gaze.

There were monkey corpses all over the ground, some of which were split in half, some had their chests smashed, and some had no heads.

Some are covered with gray hair, and some are just waiting to be fed.

If the killing now is experience, then my desire to prove it just now is the way of killing.

Before killing, there is anger, hatred, and unreasonable thoughts.

And now, what is after the killing?

Delicious? There are.

Good idea? There are.

And a little bit of regret.

But what if he chose not to make a move just now?

That is also a kind of experience, and it should be able to prove the way of tolerance.

But which one is right?

Experiencing one means letting go of the other.

There must be both the indifference of experience and the relief of letting go.

Only in this way can we have peace of mind.

"Amitabha."

In the past, the Buddha's name was just a play on the occasion, only this one gave me a sense of epiphany.

[The "Infinite Sealing Method" and the "Horn of Truth Listening" are induced in the epiphany, unlocking a special form: Ten Directions Dojo. 】

[Ten Direction Dojo: Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva once held a "Ten Direction Dojo" in hell, where each person can express their opinions and exchange experiences.

The middle is the lecture and summary positions, and the eight directions around it are the listening positions. 】

[Each position has a enlightenment lamp representing one's comprehension of the Tao, the deeper the comprehension, the brighter the comprehension lamp. 】

[Lecturer: I can share my own way here.

Summary bit: It can record all the content of the main lecture bit.

Listening position: Able to speed up self-comprehension by listening to lectures. 】

Little Sunflower started class?

Unexpectedly, at this time, "Infinite Sealing Method" activated a new form.

A thought in Li Chen's mind has escaped into the newly-appeared 'Ten Direction Dojo'.

The Shifang Dojo is above the Xixin Pavilion, and the interior is very spacious, with a big bell hanging on the top.

In the middle, one on the left and one on the right, are the positions for lectures and summaries.

The eight directions around are the listening positions.

Li Chen took a look at all the exercises and items on his body that had psychic intelligence.

In terms of the most Buddhist principles, there is nothing more than "The Jue of Changing Karma", and it is also a high-level spiritual wisdom.

So it was placed in the middle of the main lecture position.

As for the conclusion, Lichen put the "Bacchus" into it, and the "Bacchus"'s ten thousand methods can be incorporated into the wine, which can integrate outsiders into the wine.

The other eight listening positions are "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", "Grand View Sutra", "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers", "Yingluo Yoga Technique", "True Listening Art", "Linglong Mind Scheming", "Inviting the Moon to the Sky", and "Wu Scale Cut".

PS: Favorites, Recommended Tickets, Monthly Tickets, Investment

Chapter 106 Ten Directions Dojo (6/10, order required)




		