

"Good...so fragrant!"

Li Chen was stunned.

The smell is mellow, but reveals the fragrance of mincemeat, you will feel refreshed after smelling it.

Li Chen was still standing there stupidly, but the drunkard beside him had already disappeared.

Fuck, don't talk about Wude.

Who would have thought that it looks like a huge rock from the outside, but there is another world inside.

The previous big 玃 said that there was something wrong with the fruit wine here, most likely it was caused by this alcoholic drinking here.

The cave was a little drowsy, but the alcohol was steaming and condensed into clouds on the top of the cave.

Going inside, hundreds of stone grooves, large and small, were carved out on the inner wall.

See dew dripping from the top, like big beads rolling down.

Only then did Li Chen suddenly realize that the monkeys only needed to move the melons and fruits snatched from the bottom of the mountain to the top of the mountain and mix them with spring water, and the puree would drip along the wall and into the sink below.

Or ferment, or filter, or divide, or concentrate.

Finally, it flows into the bottom wine pool.

It's so ingenious.

At this time, the wine pool is dense, and the wine is amber in color, flowing slowly, and the unscrupulous aroma of wine goes straight into the nose, arousing the addiction of wine lovers.

Li Chen swallowed his saliva, scooped up a pinch of monkey wine, and drank it all in one gulp.

Monkey wine is originally brewed from wild fruits in the mountains, just after entering the mouth, Lichen feels like he has gnawed ginseng fruit, it is light and soft, pulling the taste buds from the inside out.

There are a hundred and eight thousand sweat pores all over the body, all open together, as if you are in a grove of wild fruits, naturally transparent.

["Dionysus Chapter" drink the world's best wine, run on its own, and activate the 'speaking the truth after drinking'. 】

Really good wine, looking at the pool full of amber wine soup, Li Chen glanced at the sloppy alcoholic again, and said: "Senior is an expert in the world, and the quality of wine is like character. I said before that half is half for each person, but it is true."

"Hey, today the old man said he was right, and he was right, and he will never break his promise."

The sloppy alcoholic watched Li Chen's every move, seeing him drink so much monkey wine in one go, secretly pleased in his heart.

Although this monkey wine is brewed from wild fruits, the smell of the wine is so strong that ordinary people would faint when they smell it, just like the villagers guarding the orchard at that time.

Like the little monk, who drank half of his glass at once, no matter what he did, he would get drunk for two or three days.

The sloppy alcoholic is thinking: When he wakes up again, I will take all the monkey wine for myself, anyway, what I said is 'today'.

Thinking of this, I meditate in my heart:

Pour also pour ~


Pour also pour ~


It was enough time for a cup of tea.

Grandma's, why doesn't he fall?

At this time, Li Chen scooped up half of the cup again and drank it all in one gulp, making the eyelids of the sloppy drunkard twitch.

Li Chen sighed: "Langyuan's delicious wine is fragrant with melons and fruits, and the jade bowl is full of amber light."

Seeing that he was not only not drunk, but also reciting poems, the sloppy drunk immediately became annoyed: "Drink as much as you want, I'm annoying you scribblers the most."

After speaking, he stretched out his hand to lead, and immediately the monkey wine in the pool turned into a thin stream of amber, which flowed into his own wine gourd.

After a while, there was only half of the wine pool left.

The sloppy drunk wiped the last drop with his finger, smashed his mouth and said, "Character is like wine."

"Hey, it's agreed, if you share half, you will share half with you. When the Heavenly King Lao Tzu comes, you will also share half with you."

Li Chen hurriedly saluted and smiled: "Senior, the wine quality is peerless, and the character is unparalleled."

"Ahem, that's the truth."

Li Chen patted the gourd lightly for a while, and immediately the remaining half of the pool of wine was also swept away.

The sloppy drunk watched the drink disappearing, beating his chest and stamping his feet.

"It's a pity, it's a pity, one sip of such fine wine is one less sip."

"It's all your fault, the two little monks, that caused the old man to fall short."

Li Chen was puzzled: "Senior, are there other secrets here?"

The sloppy drunk sighed lightly: "Teaching him how to fish is worse than teaching him how to fish."

"Do you know what the name of this wine is?"

Li Chen shook his head, although there are rumors of monkey wine in the world, the taste of this wine is actually better than the rumors.

I couldn't help but be curious in my heart, so I took a picture with the interpretation mirror.

[I am Immortal Monkey Wine. 】

Although he already knew it in his heart, he still shook his head: "Although I have heard of monkey wine, I think this wine is better."

"Hey, this wine is not ordinary monkey wine, this wine is called 'Fairy Monkey Wine'."

"The wine-making monkeys are not ordinary wine-making spirit monkeys, but fairy monkeys that are said to brew wine in the heavens. They are called 'Tianlu spirit monkeys'. Each of them is completed in the human world and receives a salary from heaven."

"This Tianluling monkey is good at digging caves, and is extremely vigilant by nature. Once it finds something abnormal, it will run away without hesitation."

Li Chen was astonished: "There is such a strange beast in the world?"

The sloppy drunkard continued: "On this day, the Lu Ling monkey will only come out once a year. When the melons and fruits are ripe, they will open new vats and brew new wine."

"It's a pity that the old man has been squatting here for three months. I can see that this batch of fruits is already ripe. I just wait for the monkeys to go down the mountain to pick the fruits. I will catch them when I open a new tank."

"Unexpectedly, the two of you broke out halfway and broke a good thing. Do you think you should kill or not?"

Speaking of this, the sloppy drunk suddenly tilted his head and glanced sideways at Li Chen.

Li Chen suddenly felt cold all over his body, and a layer of cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

But he secretly said in his heart: This sloppy drunk has been lurking here for more than three months, and for the sake of a monkey, he even ignored those women's victims.

It seems that he is not a person of the right way.

"Oh, my fairy monkey, I don't know how many years it will take to see the next one."

Suddenly Li Chen was taken aback, and asked: "Senior's cultivation is as high as the sky, can't you catch it?"

"Cough, what do you know, Tianlu Spirit Monkey is a fairy species, born with supernatural powers, the most familiar with the heaven and earth, especially good at escaping from the earth."

"As long as it is noticed by it, it will flee to the ground without hesitation. Even if the gods come, they will not be able to catch it."

Li Chen nodded slightly, but wondered in his heart if the monkey hadn't run away.

So he secretly resorted to the magic technique of listening to the truth. At this time, his cultivation level in the magic of listening to the truth is still very low, and he can only hear the fluctuations within a radius of five miles.

Suddenly, in the most corner of this wine cellar, there was an extremely weak fluctuation.

Li Chen was taken aback, and began to look at the cave again.

Strange to say, all kinds of items in this cave are extremely clean, only this corner is dirty and messy.

There is no silver three hundred taels here.

But just knowing its location is not enough.

That day Lu Ling monkey is born with intelligence and is good at making earth escape. If he is aware of it, he will use earth escape again. It is really difficult to catch.

Li Chen's heart was jumping with joy, but his face was extremely calm, he said nonchalantly: "Senior, don't be joking, if Lu Ling Monkey is really like what you said that day, once it is alert, it will flee away, why wait for you to catch it. "

The sloppy drunkard raised his hand and smacked Li Chen's bald head: "You know a fart."

"Everything has weaknesses, and Tian Lu Ling Monkey is no exception."

"Just...so..."

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

－－－－－Off Topic－－－－－

Thank you guys for your rewards, keep the account first, there are no manuscripts in hand at present, wait for a few days, and then add more,

7017k




		