

The current crisis lies in how the blood shadow ship returns.

There are billions of blood in the sea, if they really get entangled, then the ninth generation of Shasheng Temple will almost be gone.

Now the only way is to hand over the Meteor Fire Fork to make the sea beast retreat.

Either divert the sea beast's attention, so that the monks and Meteor Fire Fork can go out quickly.

The highest level of cultivation in the Sea of ​​Blood Secret Realm is the innate fifth level, which may be related to the heterogeneity of blood in the Sea of ​​Blood. The further you go, the more power will decline.

Whether it is Yaksha or Asura, they seem to be somewhat different from the legends.

The same is true for these sea beasts, they are only superior in number.

Lichen has an ascetic nuclear boat, which is the fastest one among his disciples, as long as he is not completely trapped, he can escape smoothly.

After figuring out this verse, use the "Han Ren Mantra" to inform the parting plan, and at the same time let him keep an eye on Li Shen secretly.

Then he pinched the rosary bead with one hand, put the other hand on his chest, and proclaimed the monk's name: "Amitabha."

"A rare treasure from heaven, where the virtuous live. This little monk has a destiny with that fire fork..."

As soon as the words fell, he summoned the ascetic nuclear boat and fled towards the distance. Before leaving, he took a deep look at Li Shen: Senior Brother, take good care of my Meteor Fire Fork.

The Xunhai Yasha didn't expect Li Chen to admit it so simply, and when he realized it, he was almost gone.

"Quick, quick! The Meteor Fire Fork is on that little bald donkey!"

He used the secret method to transmit the sound, and the sea was turbulent for dozens of miles.

In an instant, the wind was surging, the sea of ​​blood was surging, and the waves were crushing one another, and they all chased in the direction where Li Chen fled.

The sea was rippling, and the blood shadow boat finally stopped spinning. Parting was well aware of the benefits, and he put on his monk's robes, and said loudly: "Sail, set sail~"

The sky is vast, the sea is vast, and the westerly wind is howling.

The blood shadow boat broke through the sea, went down the wind, drifted with the current, and the speed was faster than the previous three points.

On the deck, the monks looked at each other.

In the end, Li Sao's face was full of anger, breaking the calm: "Li Shen, how did my senior brother offend you, how dare you insult his innocence!"

"Hmph, Junior Brother Lichen has already admitted that we all saw it with our own eyes, so what's the point?"

Li Shen smiled coldly, but he already had calculations in his heart.

"Fart! My senior brother has no choice but to admit it in order to distract the pursuers. I have also read the previous map. Apart from marking the location and picking rules, there is no mention of the fire fork!"

"You deliberately confuse the public here, what is your intention?"

Li Sao glared at him angrily, quite like a King Kong.

"Amitabha, junior brother, don't get angry. Junior brother Lichen is clever, and with the ascetic core boat given by the uncle of the obscure master, the enemy may not be able to catch up to him."

Li Zhen stepped forward to make love again, but this time Li Sao snorted coldly and ignored him at all: "It's just a bird of a feather."

Even the parting around him felt the same way. When Yixin Temple wanted to jump into the sea to die, Lizhen seemed to be at odds with each other, but in fact he supported Lichen.

Presumably the two should have something to say in private.

All the monks on the deck came and went, entangled endlessly, only one monk bent down and frantically collected on the blood dragon...

On the other side, the ascetic nuclear boat is moving forward at high speed, the wind on both sides fills the ears, and there are millions of chasing soldiers behind it, which is exciting~

After drinking the red honey wine, his chest was full of heroism, and Li Chen pouted: Well, this wine has been cellared for three years.

["Bacchanalia" runs automatically after drinking fine wine, triggering 'speech the truth after drinking'. 】

[Three hundred wisps of killing intent, practice to open the eye orifices, awaken the 'eyesight', and the vision is far beyond ordinary people. 】

Li Chen only felt his eyes astringent, and soon there was a coolness in front of his eyes, and the world of blood sea became clearer.

Since the killing intent was triggered, there has been no movement. I didn't expect to open the eye opening at this time.

Li Chen glanced back, the waves behind him were surging, and there was a group of mighty soldiers on the sea breaking the waves.

Compared with before, only relying on asking hands and listening to truth, the vision looks more three-dimensional.

Hey!

Just at this time, the leading general suddenly leaned back, and the next moment, a cold light pointed directly at Li Chen's face.

In Li Chen's heart, he was certain that the "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" was used, and the force of attracting and repelling pulled each other, and the long spear suddenly turned around in front of him, and fell to the side.

Li Chen stretched out his hand to grab it, and the long spear was pulled, and was instantly attracted to him. Immediately, he used the power of the dragon elephant to throw the long spear.

Aww~

With a dragon chant, a translucent dragon-shaped phantom appeared in the air.

The young general's eyes were fixed, and he was not easy to be born. His feet were padded, and his figure had already grown several feet: "Good time!"

He stretched out his palm in the air, and just as soon as he touched it, he felt something strange in it, and his figure couldn't stop moving backwards, knowing that he lost three points in this fight.

"Good strength!"

Woo~

At this time, there was another conch sound from the front.

Li Chen frowned, his eyes fixed, it turned out that the front was covered in darkness, but an ambush had been laid long ago.

He is like a mirror in his heart, the enemy is outnumbered, if he fights, he will lose half of the benefits, thinking of this, how dare he stay, press down on the flying boat, and turn the bow.

Seeing that Li Chen changed direction, the young general behind him face sinking like water, instead he stretched out his hand to stand up, actually telling the soldiers to stop chasing him.

When Li Chen saw this, he suddenly felt something was wrong, and sure enough, he went back for dozens of miles, and Faluo shouted again from the front, and he was surrounded.

At this time, it was only a few hours before he left the blood shadow ship. Although the return journey was much faster, it was still far from enough.

Thinking of this, Li Chen turned his direction again, so that the chasing troops from five directions were blocked from all directions, and there was no way to go.

The wind is blowing, the water is surging, Lichen stands on the boat, holds a gourd in his hand, and drinks by himself.

The five parties approached, and the leader was an old man with a gray face, red lips, two beards, and a black gold thorn in his hand. He called himself Marshal Li: "Cultivator ahead, come down quickly."

He drank in a deep voice, and the sea suddenly became calm.

Li Chen stood tall, holding a rosary in one hand and standing in front of his chest with the other: "Amitabha."

"This little monk is new here, so I dare not refuse."

As soon as the words fell, the ascetic nuclear boat slowly descended.

Marshal Li nodded slightly, expressing his satisfaction, just now his black gold thorn was already on the string, and if he heard a word "no", he could kill the monk.

"Monk, since you have entered the sea of ​​blood, you should respect the Dragon King, how can you not hand in the magic weapon without handing it over?"

"If you submit it now, the commander-in-chief is willing to go home without stopping."

Li Chen was amused when he heard it: "Auspiciousness descended from the heavens, so naturally virtuous people live there. Although the Dragon King is rich in the world, he has no chance with this treasure after all..."

"presumptuous!"

Before the words fell, a black light flickered.

Li Chen was startled, he must have been stabbed by the black gold in Marshal Li's hand, he didn't dare to be negligent in his heart, he resorted to the method of praying for Buddha, and stretched his whole body to repel him.

hum~

The magic weapon stabbed straight at him, and Li Chen could only see a shadow. The black gold thorn was three meters in front of him, and under the repulsion, it barely slowed down. The wine was passively triggered by 'fake', and the black gold thorn pierced through Li Chen. Phantom, ultimately useless.

Marshal Li snorted softly, but the eyes of the dead fish narrowed. His magic weapon is extremely fast, and he must have some ability to dodge it, but he saw the monk twisted his body, put on a strange posture, and gently pushed out with his right hand. palm.

Aww~

Lightning dragons chant, across the sea, palm shadows fly straight towards Marshal Li.

"First salute!"

PS: Thanks to the three book friends who are confused and drunk late at night, Shi Lao, and what the hell is Che Zhuzi~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		