

in comparison.

Lichen spends most of his time collecting.

Because Li Chou, a lunatic, is really too fierce.

A few mobs couldn't hold back his stick.

Li Chen tried his best to collect, but he couldn't keep up with the speed of killing him.

At the same time, his spirit shook, and he felt a warm current melt from his mouth.

And there is already an extra secret technique in his mind.

[Hanhua Baye, successfully comprehended the "Grand View Sutra". 】

["Grand View Sutra" has the potential of psychic awakening of high-level spiritual wisdom. 】

【Grand View Sutra

advanced intelligence

Personality: tattoos, branding

State 1: Can visualize special tattoo marks on the body, and each tattoo mark has different effects.

State 2: Under certain conditions, it can be branded on a specific target. If the target commits a certain behavior, the branding will have a corresponding effect.

Description 1: One of the fundamental inheritances of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, it is said that only those with Buddha nature can comprehend it.

Description 2: Let me stamp your card first~

Description 3: Hello, Social Man. 】

tattoo slightly ~!

It turned out to be one of the fundamental lineages of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.

Why is an awakenable personality a 'tattoo'?

Could it be that Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva...

Taking a picture with the interpretation mirror, it turns out that the "Grand View Sutra" can no longer bear the loneliness.

[A smooth body is a kind of shortcoming. 】

【You need a more noble totem to render him~】

Li Chen looked down at his body.

With only one-third of an acre of land, it seems that there are not many places that can be printed.

And the imprint must be able to touch it before it can be imprinted.

Contact... ahem.

There are even fewer places that can be used.

Some parts are indeed worth every inch of land.

The "Great View Sutra" comes with a collection of pictures.

Inside are all tattoos that Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva once explored.

It's a pity that Li Chen can only see one.

Still a legendary seal.

[Soul arrest seal: the shape of a chain.

Rarity: Legendary.

Can brand any spirit body.

When the spirit body struggles, flees, resists and other escape behaviors, the imprint will spread and produce a 'binding' effect.

Until the chains trap the target in place, unable to move.

Note: The spirit body includes: soul, ghost, ghost, primordial spirit, etc., any unit that is separated from the physical body. 】

Even the primordial spirit can be branded?

From this point of view, this tattoo is quite practical.

Li Chen was not happy at all, because the tattoo conditions were really difficult.

[Soul arrest seal.

Requirements for tattooing: Wan Ling's blood is required.

Blood of All Spirits: It is formed from the blood of all living beings. 】


What? Wan class?

This is not too much to point.

Li Chen frowned, ten thousand kinds of blood needed ten thousand kinds of living beings.

Even in the Shasheng Forest outside the Shasheng Temple, all the monsters and wild beasts add up to only one or two thousand species.

This still counts the big monsters in the center of the killing forest, those big monsters that even the monks on the outside can't afford to provoke.

With Li Chen's strength, if he could make up a hundred kinds, he would burn the incense.

I'm afraid even if he traveled all over the world, he wouldn't be able to gather so many.

As expected of a legendary tattoo.

When Li Chen was dejected, his gaze caught sight of the incomparably vast sea of ​​blood in front of him.

A story popped up in my mind for no reason.

A story about a crow who went to the river to pick up stones, then filled a water bottle, and finally got a drink of water.

Li Chen slapped his thigh suddenly, what was he thinking.

Isn't the sea of ​​blood in front of you a ready-made material!

Patriarch Styx was born in a blood fetus when the world first opened.

And this blood fetus was transformed by Pangu's dirty blood.

Patriarch Styx used this to gain enlightenment, and dug open the blood fetus to open up a world of blood sea.

Play the Ashura family.

For thousands of years, infinite creatures have already been born.

Known as the sea of ​​blood, there are one hundred and eight thousand species.

It has already surpassed all categories!

I was still looking far away, thinking about how to go to the eight wastes and nine states to collect blood.

Isn't it as stupid as that crow.

It's really hard to find a place to go through iron shoes, and it doesn't take much effort to get it.

Li Chen suppressed the joy in his heart, and filled all the empty gourds on his body with blood.

Maybe it will be useful in the future.

In the end, I filled up twenty or thirty gourds before giving up.

The shape of the soul-hunting seal is a chain, and it looks extremely domineering.

When using it, it must be branded on the opponent.

After thinking about it, Li Chen finally decided to print it on the palm of his left hand.

After all, it is a legendary tattoo, and it is very practical.

On the beach, Li Chou yawned.

There are fewer and fewer blood beasts, and they are not enough for me to kill.

He was accidentally attacked by a blood clam because of his carelessness.

After being rescued by Li Chen, he killed on the beach for a day and a night and still hasn't vented his anger.

The nearby blood beasts have become a rare species.

He shook his head, looked at Li Chen who was hanging up on the phone, and couldn't help sighing in his heart: Junior brother is a person who just lives.


Sitting cross-legged in the small black room, Li Chen began to visualize the soul-retaining seal.

At first glance, this is just an ordinary black chain.

But if you observe carefully, you will find that this chain is connected by countless dense symbols.

If you want to visualize successfully, you must not let go of any small details.

After most of the day, Li Chen couldn't take it anymore.

Get out of the little dark room.

Visualization is also too tiring, and only a small half of it was outlined in most of the day.

He wiped off the profuse sweat from his brow, looked up and saw Li Sorrow who was doing nothing.

And at his feet are piles of corpses of blood beasts.

This... is simply killing God.

"Senior brother is really a good method."

Li Shou let out a long sigh: "But I can't break through the thirteen blood Rakshasa Formation."

After speaking, he thought for a while and said, "It is estimated that the formation of the four monks to learn scriptures is also mysterious."

Li Chen gave a dry laugh.

Breaking into the Three Treasures Temple alone was the most reckless thing he had done since time travelling.

Although he didn't expect it to be like this at the time.

But his name was spread in the Killing Temple.

Li Chen glanced at the materials in the Emerald World.

Whoa, good guy.

There are piles of them, like one hill after another.

This is enough material.

Li Chen's heart suddenly moved, and he said, "Do you want to visit the island in the middle of the sea of ​​blood?"

He did not forget the main purpose of this trip.

Go to the other shore to get the Truth Listening Technique, and then go to the Blood Gourd Island to pick the gourd that hides the red lotus karmic fire.

Hearing Shangdao, Lichou was obviously taken aback.

Then when he thought of Li Chen's boat, he suddenly realized.

Before coming in, he didn't exchange the ticket, so he didn't get on the boat, and he regretted it a long time ago.

Hearing the words at this time, of course, he nodded quickly and said: "I'm right."

Li Chen smiled, and casually summoned the Ascetic Nuclear Boat: "Get on board."

With Li Chen's current cultivation base, it is more than enough for the ascetic nuclear boat to carry two people.

Before leaving, Li Chen saw the corpses of blood beasts all over the beach, it was a pity to throw them here for nothing.

So he ordered other disciples to collect them at will.

Most of the disciples are at the bottom of Shasheng Temple.

It took a lot of effort to spawn monsters by myself, but in the end they were all snatched by Lichou.

Hearing Li Chen's words at this time, they all cheered.

Li Chen smiled in his heart, which can be regarded as a wave of favorability.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		