

This palm is extremely ingenious.

Like a butterfly wearing flowers, it shuttles through the intertwined shadows of sticks.

It was printed directly on the shoulder of one of the monks.

This high five is not strong.

But the advantage lies in being able to disrupt the opponent's aura.

Sure enough, after the monk got the trick, he felt a mass of qi in his chest stagnated, and his whole body was full of qi and blood.

As soon as my body became cold, I couldn't help but feel fear in my heart.

The long stick in his hand was half a beat slower.

At this time, the other three long sticks had fallen at the same time.

Just hit Li Chen.

This tandem, but in the blink of an eye.

In the martial arts arena, all the monks cheered loudly.

I only knew that the little monk must be seriously injured.

But... when Li Chen showed a smile on his face and fought together again.

Everyone is dumbfounded.

Why didn't multiple attacks trigger?


In the Daxiong Palace, Ji Mie frowned: This kid... unexpectedly discovered a flaw in the formation?


At this time, the rhythm of the formation is out of order.

Forging the iron while it was hot, Li Chen hurriedly waved another palm.

"Fifth prayer!"

It was this palm again, and that person again.

This time the monk couldn't bear it any longer, and spat out a mouthful of blood.

The other three people's feet were in a mess, learning from the scriptures and breaking the formation without attacking.

"We lost."

["Hundred Eight Troubled Worship" defeats the opponent, collects killing intent +4. 】

[Killing intent: 9. 】

Li Chen still doesn't know the effect of killing intent and refining mind.

It's just that the killing intent seems to be continuously accumulating now.

The scripture formation is broken.

The Three Treasures Temple became unprecedentedly silent.

All the monks looked at each other.


In the Daxiong Palace.

Zen Master Ji Mie looked at the scene in the water mirror.

I feel a little ashamed.

He looked at Lonely Zen Master and said with a gloomy expression, "Congratulations, brother, for accepting a good student."

After speaking, I will get up and leave.

"Wait."

Ji Mie paused.

Follow the sound and look.

It was actually a skinny old man sitting at the top.

He was startled, and hurriedly stepped forward to salute: "Uncle Uncle, please give me instructions."

Zen master obscure is one of the three great monks of Shasheng Temple.

On weekdays, he is taciturn and rarely asks about common matters.

"Set up the thirteen blood Rakshasa array."

Monk Ji Mi thought he had heard wrong.

He looked at the old monk with a face full of horror.

With hesitation on his face, he said, "Master... this..."

The obscure Zen master fixed his eyes on Li Chen in the water mirror, obviously very interested.

"Don't worry, the old monk will take good care of him."

Ji Mie couldn't help guessing: it turns out that the uncle was trying to teach.

The obscure Zen master has a high level of cultivation, but he has never accepted disciples.

Could it be that he was thinking about accepting disciples?

Ji Mie couldn't help but glance at Li Chen in the mirror: This kid is really lucky.

Then he made a formula with his hand.

Fingertips into the water mirror in front of you.


In the martial arts arena, Li Correction was a little at a loss.

This guy in front of him.

Since stepping into the Three Treasures Temple, a total of five palms have been issued.

The first palm defeats the stick monk Li Hong.

The second palm defeated the monk Li Zhao.

The third palm breaks the triple treasure formation.

The fourth and fifth palms break the scripture learning formation.

Doing so is truly astonishing.

Just when he was about to step forward to face Li Chen.

A ray of light descended from the sky, and it was shooting into Li Geng's Tianling Gai.

He was stunned for a moment, and then his face showed ecstasy, sweeping away the previous decadence.

"Bu... Thirteen Blood Rakshasa Formation!"

As soon as these words came out, the entire Sanbao Temple fell silent.

"Li Chen, I admit that you are amazing, but so what?"

"No matter how powerful you are, can you avoid the Thirteen Blood Rakshasa Formation?!"

Li whispered even lower.


Li Geng's voice just fell.

Thirteen figures suddenly appeared on the martial arts arena.

They wore red monk robes, held blood knives, and had eyes as cold as beasts.

Li Chenyuan frowned.

Thirteen Blood Rakshasa Formation? !

The Three Treasures Temple is going to kill it.

The Thirteen Blood Rakshasa Formation was inherited from the ancestor of Minghe.

Although the thirteen people who formed the formation were only acquired cultivation bases.

But after the formation of thirteen people, they have the power to fight against innate masters.

Thirteen killing intents are intertwined.

It's like a big net that splashes the sky.

No matter how powerful you are, you can only be my fish.

Li Chen glanced at Li Sao who was tied to the pillar.

Suddenly there was an urge to turn around and leave.

The thirteen monks didn't talk nonsense either.

In the blink of an eye, a knife has already been cut.

This knife is like an antelope's horns, and it is popular outside the world.

Even though Li Chen's reaction was not slow.

It is also dangerous to avoid.

But as soon as he hit the ground, the second knife came before him.

Li Chen's heart tightened.

The blade is so sharp.

She swayed a bit, but managed to avoid it again.

In this way, thirteen people are like a cat catching a mouse.

One knife after another.

Rang Lichen didn't dare to stop for a moment.

Bass~

Finally, a knife brushed his chest and flew out obliquely.

Although Li Chen tried his best to dodge.

But there was still an extra hole in Yuebai's robe.

There were bloodstains oozing faintly inside.

It was so sharp.

"Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" can eliminate strength.

But Lichen is only the first level.

Still can't offset the weapon damage.

But after seeing the blood, Li Chen didn't show any fear.

I know in my heart that this time there will be more bad luck than good luck.

On the contrary, he felt a sense of pride in his chest.

Subconsciously, he took out a wine gourd from under the monk's robe.

Gudong Gudong.

He poured half a pot.

Although it is just poor wine in the country, it is quite thirst-quenching.

"Come again!"

He held the jug in one hand, and he swung lightning three palms with the other.

"Six thanks!"

"Seven prayers!"

"Eight thanks!"

bang bang bang.

The three palms form a line.

["Bacchanalia" is infected by your fighting passion and activates your personality: don't stop drinking. 】

[Cup Moting: It comes with a 'combo strike' effect. When attacking, there is a chance to trigger a combo attack, the true energy will turn, and another palm will hit. 】

Li Chen was stunned.

He originally wanted to send out a palm.

Unexpectedly, with a palm sacrifice, the true energy flowed quickly again, and an extra palm was issued.

I have to say that "Bacchus" is really a miracle.

The wine comes with a 'fake', and the next hit is a critical hit.

Cup Moting comes with its own 'combo hit', and the next hit is sure to hit.

incredible.

What Thirteen Blood Rakshasa practiced was "Blood Phase Magic Art".

This method is inextricably linked with the "Blood Demon Disintegration Dafa".

When doing the work, the body can turn into a blood mist.

Switch back and forth between virtual and real.

This avoids attacks from all sides.

So it's very difficult.

Seeing the wind coming from Li Chen's palm, the monk hurriedly performed his magical skills and turned into a blood mist.

pop.

This palm immediately hit the empty space.

There was a muffled sound.

The monk's body immediately turned from void to solid.

Before he could react.

bang~

bang~

Two palms in succession were being printed on his chest.

Blood Rakshasa is in his weakest state when he is changing from reality to reality.

Li Chen was like a blind cat meeting a dead mouse.

The real two palms directly knocked the monk into the air by two feet.

It took several breaths before rejoining the battle formation.

Li Chen was overjoyed.

Unexpectedly, Cup Moting, who had just been unlocked, unexpectedly became the nemesis of Xue Luosha.

Immediately no hesitation.

Greedy moves one after another.


ten worship.

Eleven thanks.


Seventeen prayers.

Eighteen thanks.

Nineteen thanks!


All of a sudden, palm shadows flew across the martial arts arena.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		