

"Just... Ten gourd fairy monkey wine ~ I will tell you."

The sloppy drunk patted his green wine gourd, his face full of ridicule.

"Hey, don't feel that you are at a disadvantage. I just asked the expert about this news."

"The man opened his mouth like a lion, and the old man still hurts thinking about it now."

The sloppy drunkard shook his head loudly, and he didn't look like a fake.

"Oh, I'm just a little curious, if senior wants wine, forget it."

Without hesitation, he turned and left.

Seeing this, the sloppy drunk quickly chased after him: "Hey, you paid the price."


In the end, Li Chen paid two gourds of Immortal Monkey Wine and reached a deal.

The sloppy alcoholic said in a low voice: "This method is called the method of pouring wine to lure monkeys."

"Tianlu Monkey is alert by nature, and will flee to the ground as soon as it hears something abnormal."

"At this time, it will be difficult to catch it.

However, it is greedy by nature, and before running away, it will drink a stomachful of wine until it can't drink anymore. "

"You think the smell of the monkey's wine is so strong that ordinary people will get drunk after smelling it, not to mention that Luling monkey drank so much in one go this day."

"But after all, it is a natural spirit beast. It has a good alcohol quality. It will be drunk for a while, but the wine quality is average. Once drunk, it will become addicted to alcohol."

Drunk but not quite drunk.

"At this time, once it smells the wine, it will completely be unable to restrain its alcohol addiction. Monkeys are inherently curious, and the more they smell wine, the more they want to find wine to drink."

"But it's hiding under the ground, and the smell of wine can't get in at all, so if you know where Tianluling monkey is hiding, you just need to pour wine on the ground."

"When the fine wine seeped into the ground, the monkey got drunk and became addicted to alcohol, and when he smelled the wine again, he couldn't control it completely.

The more it smells, the more it wants to drink, and the more it smells, the more it wants to drink. "

"In the end, I can't bear it anymore, and it will crawl out of the ground. You don't need to catch it, it will come to you by itself."

Li Chen was amazed after hearing the 'sprinkling wine to lure monkeys'.

The forest is really big, and there are all kinds of monkeys.

The sloppy alcoholic got two gourds of good wine, and he acted like a good boy when he got it cheap: "Hey, actually, this method is not very useful.

The method of Tianlu Spirit Monkey's earth escape is a supernatural technique, and there is no ordinary place for it to hide.

Unless you have a celestial mirror and can calculate the celestial secret. "

"So in the end, you have to rely on grasping. Your escapism skills are too poor, even if you meet, you can't catch it."

Li Chen clasped his hands together and proclaimed the Buddha's name: "Amitabha, dare to ask senior, if you meet that monkey, you may capture it."

"Hey, that's natural."

Li Chen smiled slightly: "Amitabha."

The sloppy drunkard was taken aback for a moment, and suddenly remembered that he was caught up by a monk tricking him before.

Isn't this the method of splashing water to lure monkeys?

Thinking about it this way, I became that monkey.

"Oh, brat, how dare you call this old man a monkey."

After speaking, he knocked on Li Chen's forehead twice.

Li Chen covered his bald head, he dared not speak out.

The sloppy drunk in front of him is also a strange person.

Luling Monkey's earth escape that day was a supernatural power, and he dared to say it was faster than Tianlu Spirit Monkey, which means that his escape method was also supernatural.

This shows that his cultivation base is extremely high.

What made Lichen a little puzzled was whether this sloppy alcoholic was really evil.

If it is said that he is an evil way, with such a high level of cultivation, he can take all the fairy monkey wine as his own, but he insists on giving half of it.

If it is said that he is the right way, he has been hiding here for three months, just ignoring those women who are mired in the mud.

Is it good or evil?

What will be his desire to prove?

Li Chen shook his head, and simply stopped thinking about it.

Now that he knows how to attract monkeys by splashing wine, he will naturally not let this Tianlu spirit monkey go.

It just so happened that one of Tanchan's rosary beads did not have a bead spirit, so this monkey was just right.

At that time, I don't have to be afraid of running out of wine.

Thinking of this, he walked to the messy place and slapped the wine gourd, and a line of wine was splashed on the ground.

This scene was seen by the sloppy drunkard on the side, and he immediately felt distressed: "You prodigal son, such a good wine was wasted by you like this."

After finishing speaking, his brain collapsed again, Lichen covered his head, and thought to himself: Strange, why can't my "Cause and Effect Changing Career Art" not be able to prevent him.

"Senior, look at this cave, only this place is messy, could it be that 'there is no silver three hundred taels here'."

Unexpectedly, as soon as the words fell, there was another pain in the head.

"Stupid monk, Luling monkey was born with intelligence that day, ten thousand times smarter than you, would it hide here?!"

"You think you have a secret mirror! It's such a good wine for nothing."

Li Chen smiled wryly and said: "It's not necessarily bright under high lights."

The sloppy drunkard laughed angrily at him: "What a delusional little monk."

"I'm going to talk about this today, if you can catch the Tianlu Spirit Monkey, I'll take off my head and use it as a jug for you."

"Unreasonable!"

"Oh, I'm going to be blown out of my mind, out of sight, out of mind, out of sight, out of mind..."

"Blind for nothing... blind for nothing."

He cursed and walked out of the cave.

Li Chen waited for him to go far away before splashing some more on the ground.

I don't know whether this method of pouring wine to attract monkeys will work.

Immediately, the whole cave was filled with the aroma of wine.

Li Chen was not in a hurry, so he sat aside and entered the state of cultivation.

[Shifang Dojo is discussing the Tao...]

"Karma Transformation Jue" has a deep understanding of Buddhist principles, especially after reading a large number of Buddhist scriptures in the Sutra Pavilion.

Most competent speaker position.

At this time it is talking about the "Diamond Sutra", one of which reads: All conditioned dharmas are like dreams and bubbles, like dew or electricity, and should be viewed in this way.

The flames of the ten Enlightenment Lamps all flashed.

Mahayana Buddhism like this is all about small words and big meanings.

It affects almost all exercises.

At this moment, the Enlightenment Lamp of "Bacchanalia" suddenly lit up, and the flame grew two fingers wide out of thin air.

["Dionysus Chapter" drink 'Fairy Monkey Wine', and the grade is upgraded to the lower grade of heaven. 】

["Bacchanalia" drank the "immortal monkey wine" and obtained a breakthrough opportunity. 】

Li Chen was overjoyed.

I can only feel the true energy in Dantian, quickly flowing through the whole body.

Immediately, a layer of mist appeared on his body.

Li Chen didn't dare to be careless, picked up the gourd for a while and drank to his heart's content.

For a moment, the alcohol breath entered the body and the Houtian Qi in the body condensed into one stream, flowing through the whole body.

The momentum is getting stronger and stronger.

Li Chen stabilized his mind, and was not in a hurry to break through, but continued to operate.

I don't know how many weeks have passed, but I just feel that I can no longer suppress it.

In one go, he went to the various gates on the eighth floor.

Shua~

Li Chen only felt the pressure lighten all over his body.

After a long drought and rain, all the burglars on the eighth floor were immediately opened.

Seeing that Lichen hadn't come out for so long, the sloppy drunkard muttered to himself: Didn't this kid really find the hiding place of Tianlu Spirit Monkey?

When he quietly turned around, seeing Li Chen's body wrapped in mist, breaking through his magical skills, he couldn't help exclaiming: "Brewing true energy!"

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		