

Hog Rider!

The wild boar ate the pain, made a noise, and jumped out with a 'bass'.

The Lonely Chan Master shook his head and sighed: What evil did I do.

He turned his head and looked at Li Chen, his eyes gradually deepened: "Three apprentices for the master."

"It's outrageous, the heart of a child, innocent, although the cultivation is the highest, but the age is too young, it is still a child."

"Li Sao, possesses the roots of wisdom and extraordinary aptitude, but has an out-of-the-ordinary temperament, and there are many unexpected actions. In time, he should have the appearance of an angry King Kong."

"And you, Li Chen..."

Hearing this, Li Chen already understood that Zen Master Lonely wanted to remind himself.

"You have the highest talent and good fortune. The most commendable thing is that you have deep roots of wisdom and you are calm in dealing with things. It is most in line with the Buddhist saying of no desire and no desire."

"But it is precisely because of this that you still lack one thing."

When Li Chen heard the words, his face was full of humility: "I also ask the master to give me some advice."

Zen Master Lonely nodded: "You lack the desire to seek proof."

Li Chen was stunned: "The heart to seek proof?"

Zen Master Lonely pursed his lips, and said in a deep voice: "In my generation of Zen, the purpose is to break the illusion and seek the truth, and all the practice is to seek proof for this."

"Cultivating the mind in Zen is to teach people to be indifferent, to let go, and some people will not be able to understand it in their entire lives.

But some people are born with this wisdom root. "

"Just like you, you are indifferent to things and have nothing to ask for. This is the realm that ordinary people have been pursuing all their lives, but you have easily obtained it.

It's like getting something for nothing, after all, it's missing a piece of experience and a piece of 'heart to prove'.

The road to enlightenment is so vast. Although everything is going well in your practice now, if you encounter bottlenecks in the future, you will be more likely to be trapped in your own cocoon. "

"So this trip, I hope you can experience more and find your own heart for proof."

Li Chen was taught by him, grateful in his heart: "Thank you, Master, for your guidance."

The Lonely Zen Master nodded and waved his hand to signal him to get on the road quickly.

Li Chen didn't hesitate, turned on the deer, and waved goodbye.

After walking two miles, looking back, there was still a thin figure standing in front of the thousand-year-old temple.


Piao Ling Lu Shang Li Chen silently pondered the words of Lonely Zen Master.

The cultivation of the Buddhist mind is to constantly seek and prove, and to be indifferent after experiencing everything.

However, Lichen has been a human being in two lives and experienced in two lives, so he is born with the realm pursued by Buddhism.

Therefore, without the process of seeking, there will inevitably be a lack of a heart for proof.

What is the heart of proof?

It is searching, seeking, proving, and various experiences in the process of pursuing the Dao.

So what is the avenue?

Buddha, cultivate the mind, take life and death lightly.

The Tao, doing nothing, being safe with the situation is the Tao.

Demons, obsession, and intoxication are the way.

The Tao is not achieved overnight, the Tao is the process of experience, and the Tao is the heart of seeking proof.

And Lichen got the result that others have been searching for all his life too easily, so he lacked the process that should be done to get this result.

This is what Chan Master Lonely said, "the heart of seeking proof".

This is to give up the basics and chase the last.

If a person has no goal, no matter how high his cultivation level is, he will always be confused and never find his own way.

This is in line with the saying in the previous life: What is the difference between a person and a salted fish if he has no ideals?

So what is your own way?

Li Chen half leaned on the plum blossom drifting, looking at Wanli Qingming, lost in thought.


It has been five days since the two of them left the Shasheng Temple.

During these five days, he traveled during the day and rested at a random place at night.

Although it was hard work, it was much more comfortable than in the temple.

Hum huh huh.

Wild boars are arching wildflowers along the road again.

"Bie grandson, don't push yourself, let's go!"

"If you don't leave, I will give birth!"

Li Sao slapped the wild boar, but unfortunately the other's skin is rough and fleshy, so he has probably gotten used to it.

Looking at this scene, Li Chen was speechless: one pregnant and stupid for three years.

Also, who would a normal person name a wild boar 'Bie Sun'?

He even scolded himself.

"Bie grandson, if you don't leave, we will eat roast pig tonight..."

Hum huh huh.

Jiesun ran fast, but every time he ran, he had to make waves at the side of the road.

Deer King Plum Blossom paced around on all fours, snorting.

[Pig teammates are simply pig teammates. 】

[No walking, no drinking, uncomfortable. 】

Hehe, about three pots of good wine are consumed per 100 kilometers.

In comparison, it's pretty good.

Take off the gourd for a while, and take a few sips of wine.

["Bacchanalia" runs automatically, activating 'True Words After Drinking'. 】

Although he was on the run, his cultivation never stopped.

Although he was at a loss for practice, he never gave up.

In particular, "Bacchanalia" has made rapid progress.

It is estimated that it will not take long to break through the eighth floor.

Putting down the flagon, he took out the map instead.

Southern Xinjiang is known as one hundred thousand mountains, and there is still more than half of the journey to Anhou City, almost all of which are mountains.

Judging from the current speed, it will take at least ten days to arrive.

Look at the sky, the sun is about to set.

So he turned his head and said: "Junior Brother, it's getting late, and two steps forward, there is a small village, let's find a place to live there tonight."

"It's exactly what I want, senior brother, but I can't hold back this bitch grandson."

Li Chen glanced at it.

[I smell it, a young lady has peed here. 】

"Wait until the next village, fan him."

Li Sao couldn't get enough of it, so he simply took it back to the beast control card and went straight on foot.

After turning over a mountain, I finally saw the village before it completely darkened.

This village is not big, only about a hundred households.

It's just that it's only three o'clock in the unitary hour, but the whole village has no light at all.

"Brother, why do I feel that this place is eerie, it can't be a ghost village."

Li Chen turned over and got down, but there was no response.

Li Sao tremblingly posted: "Brother, how about we continue walking forward, maybe we can meet other villages."

Li Chen frowned: "There is only this village in a radius of fifty miles."

The hair on the brow stood up, and the surrounding fluctuations entered the ears.

Soon Li Chen's eyes lit up, and under the "True Listening Art", no matter how small the voice was, he could clearly hear it.

His eyes flicked around, and he finally stopped in front of a relatively affluent house.

After confirming that there was a sound in the room again, Li Chen stepped forward and knocked on the door knocker lightly.

Unexpectedly, it would be better if he didn't knock on the door, but when he knocked on the door, the room stopped immediately, mixed with soft sobbing.

How is this going?

Never met before, no sense of trust?

"Brother, is there no one in this house? I think we'd better get out of here, it's weird."

Li Chen shook his head slightly, and tapped on the door knocker twice.

The next moment, I heard a middle-aged man's pleading from the room: "God of the land, I, Li Laoji, are willing to donate all my belongings. Can I let my daughter go."

"I kowtow to you, kowtow."

Then there was a kowtow sound of 'dong dong dong' from inside.

The cries in the yard were no longer suppressed, one after another became one.

"what's going on?"

Li Chen was dumbfounded.

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		