

The sky is lonely.

After Li Chen flew a stick of incense, he found it boring.

The boat descended slowly.

A thought in my heart.

Then turned into a nuclear boat again.

Li Chen put the nuclear boat into the rosary of Tan Chan.

I couldn't help but rejoice in my heart: it is indeed an imperial weapon technique that can stand shoulder to shoulder with "Yanjia Qishu".

Compared with ordinary spiritual drive.

Not only efficient, but also powerful.

The consumption is also very little.

If it wasn't for the red lotus fire.

The uncle of the obscure master may not come up with this kind of secret technique at the bottom of the box.

In this way, "Linglong Scheming" can be regarded as a preliminary mastery.


Time flies, time is like a song.

During this period of time, Li Chen never let go of his cultivation.

Every few days, he would go to Blood River Valley to play chess with Monk Ji Ding.

The two of you come and go.

Even Li Chen doesn't know how to play Go.

At this time also has started.

Unknowingly, it really hit the head.

The more you go down, the more you feel that this way is unfathomable.

And during this period of time, "Linglong Mind Scheming" was locked in a small black room, although she didn't make up her mind.

But there are new talents unlocked.

["Linglong Mind Scheming" comprehends the chess records in the small black room, and the intelligence is slightly improved, and the special posture is unlocked: asking the hand. 】

[Ask the hand: Huang Jie, stretch out a hand, and be able to sense the aura in the direction the arm is pointing in more detail.

Can predict disasters and fortunes in advance and sense crises. 】

(Special Instructions:

Magic weapons and exercises are classified according to: Heaven, Earth, Xuan, and Huang.

Secret techniques and formulas are classified according to: universe, universe, flood, and famine. )

"Linglong Mind Scheming" did not complete the wisdom.

Instead, I realized an antenna.

It is also a life-saving ability.

As long as he stretched out his palm, he secretly moved "Linglong Mind".

In the direction the palm is pointing at, the energy coming from it is very clear.

Including: luck, breath, killing intent, etc.

It was a real surprise.

After that, he went to Blood Valley more often.

Although he is a novice, he has the help of Xieyu mirror.

It can be described as even more powerful.

Monk Ji Ding didn't win even once.

But his chess skills are average.

Whenever he was about to lose, he would make excuses and drive Li Chen away.

The two of them came and went again and again, and they really became Wangnianyi friends.


Soon the day when the 'Blood Sea Secret Realm' will be opened finally arrived.

If it is said that "asking the state" is to put forward one's own way, then "proving the way" is to prove one's own way.

When one's 'Tao' is recognized by the Dao of Heaven, one can open up one's own small world.

So each small world has its own 'Tao'.

The blood sea world is no exception, it carries the way of the ancestor of Minghe: kill the sky, kill the earth, and kill all living beings.

Later, Buddhist teachings were passed down, and eight dragons were derived to resolve endless killing intent.

Since then, the two avenues of the small world have disappeared, and after thousands of years, they have long since declined.

Now the Blood Sea Secret Realm can withstand the power of the innate fifth level realm at most. Once this limit is exceeded, the small world is likely to be broken.

Therefore, disciples who have exceeded the innate fifth level realm cannot enter.

Qualified disciples gathered in front of the main hall of the killing life temple. For a while, the originally quiet main hall suddenly became noisy.

Roughly speaking, at least three or four hundred people will participate.

There are only Lichen and Lisao in the empty nest monastery.

Although the outrageous little monk is young, his cultivation has already exceeded the limit.

Li Sao excitedly waved the wooden sign in his hand.

"Brother, I'm so excited."

Li Chen glanced at the wooden sign: "What is this?"

Li Sao was taken aback: "Boat ticket, don't you know, brother?!"

On the front of the wooden sign is a giant blood shadow beast.

On the reverse side, there is a big word 'blood' written on it.

It turned out that this was the ticket.

Since the news that the Blood Sea Secret Realm will be reopened was released.

There are hundreds of extra tasks in the Hall of Merit.

One of the mission rewards is the boat ticket.

In the sea of ​​blood, there is a blood demon.

Will attack past disciples.

Therefore, the killing temple specially prepared the blood shadow ship.

After completing the task in the Hall of Merit, you can exchange for a boat ticket.

Disciples with boat tickets will appear on the blood shadow boat when they enter the blood sea secret realm.

Lichen has an ascetic nuclear boat, so naturally there is no need for additional tickets.

"I see."

Throw the ticket back to Li Sao.

Not long after, the elder of the prison temple appeared at the front of the team.

The abbot of Shasheng Temple is Zen Master Huizhen, who has practiced in seclusion many years ago.

Therefore, the temple is presided over by the three elders of the temple, who are obscurity, obscurity, and obscurity.

Zen Master Hui An paused for a moment on Li Chen's face, then glanced at his disciples, and said loudly:

"Patriarch Minghe was one of the saints when the world first opened."

"And the Blood Sea Secret Realm is the world he opened up."

"The viciousness in it is not comparable to the original world."

"But... danger always comes with opportunity."

"There are not only blood monsters and blood beasts in the sea of ​​blood, but also many treasures of heaven and earth, waiting for you to explore."

"Opening the Blood Sea Secret Realm this time is a rare event in a hundred years."

"The old monk only hopes that you will be cautious and do what you can.

Sincere cooperation, help each other! "

"Amitabha."

The voice just fell.

The long ringing bell rang.

The voice is thick and shocking.

All the disciples bowed down.

Six bells have passed.

In front of the Daxiong Palace, a beam of light suddenly lit up.

Soon the beam of light opened and gradually became larger.

It turns out that the entrance to the Blood Sea Secret Realm is in front of the Daxiong Palace.

"The monks return to their seats!"

Uncle Ji Jing let out a long howl.

All the disciples handed over their tickets one after another and jumped into the light.

The crowd gradually dissipated.

Li Sao and Li Chen fell to the end.

Li Chen took out two porcelain bottles from his bosom and handed them to Li Sao, then said, "Here is a bottle of Huaxue Pill and a bottle of healing medicine."

These two bottles of medicine are usually rewarded by Zen Master Lonely.

Li Chen rarely used it, so he simply gave it to Li Sao.

"You have a ticket and can go with the boat."

"Be sure to pay attention to safety and don't show off."

"Remember, be careful in everything."

Li Sao was greatly moved, took the medicine bottle and stuffed it into his bosom: "Senior brother, don't worry."

Since the Sanbao Temple incident.

Li Sao is completely convinced by Li Chen.

"Brother, how did you get in?"

Li Chen smiled and stretched out his left hand.

The ascetic nuclear boat is suspended above the palm.

"I have other means to cross the sea."

Li Sao nodded, although there was doubt in his eyes.

But after all, I didn't ask in detail.

Turn your head and jump into the light.

Gone in a flash.

Soon, Li Chen was the only one left in front of the Daxiong Palace.

Zen Master Lonely felt very relieved when he witnessed the scene just now.

"Good student, you need to work harder this time."

"No matter what the master says, this is what the disciple should do."

Let's say goodbye.

Just one thought.

Ascetic nuclear boat, instantly enlarged.

Lichen kicked his feet.

The body has already crossed the sky and stood in the black canopy boat.

He saluted and bid farewell to the elders, chief seat, and uncles behind him.

Then it also disappeared into the light.

The obscure Zen master looked at Li Chen's disappearing figure.

Can't help sighing:

"In such a short period of time, he was able to control the ascetic nuclear boat so proficiently."

"The root of wisdom from dust is not shallow."

Zen Master Huiming who was beside him nodded his head: "I see this son, in every word and deed, he never forgets the friendship of his fellow disciples."

"Be a loving and righteous child."

Zen Master Lonely folded his palms together and responded, "Uncle Master, your eyes are like torches."

"Among my three disciples.

Outrageously innocent.

Li Sao has King Kong's glaring eyes. "

"As for Li Chen, he has everything covered, and he should have the appearance of becoming a Buddha."

Zen Master Hui An nodded slightly: "In short, this trip has a lot to do with it."

"Whether the Shasheng Temple can be reborn from the ashes depends entirely on this son's Taoism."

"Amitabha~"

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		