

Li Shen's complexion is getting uglier.

He had calculated thousands of times, but he didn't expect that Li Chen got the Dinghai Pearl from the Blood Dragon Palace and successfully escaped from the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

At this time, facing the ridicule of the group of monks, he really couldn't hold back his face.

He said loudly at the moment: "In that case, let's decide who belongs to a martial arts competition."

"Whoever wins will get this Meteor Fire Fork."

Unexpectedly, the scolding from the audience became even more severe.

"Shameless, shameless, you are the first person who bullies honest people at the peak of the day after tomorrow."

"Shuangcheng Temple is really not authentic. Thinking back to the beginning, I was fooled up the mountain by these bald donkeys."

"Me too, this is not what a monk should do, it's obviously a human trafficker!"

"Shuangcheng Temple, rubbish! Shuangcheng Temple, fuck off!"

In the blood sea world, Li Chen resolved the crisis several times, saved everyone from fire and water, and found the equal vine to share with the monks.

So it was very popular, and many disciples immediately began to curse Shuangcheng Temple.

But Li Shen was bound to win the Meteor Fire Fork, and they all pretended not to hear it, no matter how they looked at it, their own head-on was bigger.

When he heard that he wanted to challenge himself, Li Chen smiled.

"As senior brother wishes."

As soon as this remark came out, the monks were in an uproar.

Although they knew that Lichen was a newly rising genius in the Empty Nest Temple, he was also called the No. 1 pride of Shasheng Temple.

But after all, his practice days are short, and there is a big gap between his cultivation level and Li Shen's.

"Junior Brother Li Chen, it's really tough."

"It's hard, but it's useless. I can't help but Li Shen's cultivation level is high and wearable."

"Oh, it's a pity, this junior brother Li Chen has only just started practicing, and I'm afraid he still doesn't understand the danger."

"Junior Brother Lichen has the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" by his side, maybe he can win the battle."

"The difference in cultivation base is so big, no matter how exquisite the moves are, I'm afraid they can't do anything."

"What's more, Li Shen has been hiding his strength, and he still has a precious sword in his hand."


All the monks were talking about it, only Bi Qi was writing vigorously on paper.

[Lichen, you are a really crazy monk. 】

[Li Shen, really shameless. 】

Li Can completely ignored the curses around him, discarded distracting thoughts, and planned how to deal with the enemy.

He approached the crystal knife in his hand, and appeared beside Li Chen in an instant.

The blade was so sharp that it was as if it was lightning fast, and it slashed towards Li Chen's face.

Li Chen pretended to be drinking. The blade brushed across the tip of his nose, turned sideways, and suddenly stretched out a palm.

Aww~

The dragon roared.

The dragon-shaped phantom slammed into Li Shen.

I saw the dragon shadow's claws and scales fully appeared, its eyes were majestic, and it seemed that a real dragon appeared, and immediately used "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow" to turn its body into an afterimage, which could be avoided.

This was a few minutes faster than the previous battle against Lishou, which caused the crowd of monks in the audience to clamor.

"He really hid his strength, and he was faster than the previous battle."

"Junior Brother Li Chen's Long Xiang's true intentions seem to be much more solidified!"

"Some have seen this battle."

At this moment, Li Shen had already appeared behind Li Chen, and cut decisively.

This knife went straight to the key point behind Lichen, if it was cut well, he would probably have to explain it here.

Li Chen was also taken aback, the other party's movement was not only extremely fast, but there was no sound under his feet.

If it wasn't for the dull hair on his head sensing the fluctuation behind him, Li Chen wouldn't even notice it at all.

As soon as the repulsive force of "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" was launched, Li Shen felt infinite resistance, and the crystal knife couldn't cut it any longer.

He retreated three or four steps in a row, and he had already retreated to the edge of the blood-testing rock, before he stood still again, and said with a look of astonishment: "This is the "Karma Transformation Jue"?"

Li Chen was still in shock, but he didn't expect that Li Shen's agility had improved to a higher level than when he was fighting Li Chou just now.

Hidden really deep.

He secretly guessed in his heart that Li Shen's strength should not be inferior to Li Ge and Farewell.

If he had entered the Blood Sea Secret Realm, he might not be his opponent.

He held up the gourd for a while, took a long drink, and then let out a mouthful of foul air, and responded:

"Senior brother has good eyesight, it's just that I have only scratched the surface of my "Cause and Effect Transformation Art"."

"Junior brother is really too modest."

"On the contrary, senior brother's movement skills are really wonderful."

"Haha, thanks to the blessing of the ancestors, fortunately, I got this inheritance."

Both of them were smiling, speaking murderously.

The next moment, the two shot at the same time.

Li Shen slashed out with a knife, and his figure exploded for several feet, while Li Chen stopped still and made a dragon shape in his palm.

In just two or three breaths, seven or eight moves have already been exchanged.

The two faced each other tit for tat, and each had its own back and forth.

Their moves are not of the ancestor Minghe's lineage, not only do not have the shock of blood, but their clothes are fluttering, like a fairy dancing, which is very pleasing to outsiders.

But at this time, Li Shen was suffering and couldn't tell. He thought that his inheritance was extraordinary. He not only practiced the supreme exercise method "Yingluo Yoga", but also practiced "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow" created by the founder of Bukong.

But when facing this junior brother, he felt powerless, and every time he handed out the moves, it was like a mud cow falling into the sea.

The point of the blade of the crystal knife was drawn to all directions by inexplicable force, and Li Chen was already invincible.

And Li Chen also felt the pressure at this time, because he had practiced the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and possessed the power of the four dragons and four elephants, so when he used the gravitational and repulsive forces of the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" against the enemy, the enemy could not do anything. within three steps.

But Li Shen is special. The "Yingluo Yoga" he practiced since childhood is also a unique body training technique, so his strength should be on par with his own, and it is very likely that he will break through his own force field defense.

In addition, he has the inheritance of "Inviting the Moon and the Sky Shadow" by Monk Bukong, and his body skills are elusive. He always seems to be able to predict the enemy's opportunity first, and he can always be one step ahead no matter whether he dodges or attacks.

It's no wonder that Lichou's pick-up gourd can't use his strength anymore, this movement technique is too miraculous.

shadow?

Thinking of Li Sorrow, Li Chen suddenly realized something.

According to Qiqi, the "Inviting Moon Kongying" practiced by Lican was created by Patriarch Bukong on Yuetaying.

This body technique can judge the various elements of the enemy's moves through the changes in the shadow.

No wonder Li Shen always kept his head down.

That being the case, wouldn't changing the shadow or hiding the shadow make the other party misjudge?

As for changing the shadow, you don't even need a magic weapon.


Li Shen lowered his head slightly to look at Xiang Lichen's shadow, everything was going on as usual, but suddenly the shadow came over him suddenly.

He was startled, could it be that Li Chen also practiced the extraordinary teleportation technique?

Li Shen didn't dare to hesitate, stepped out one after another, retreated quickly, and when he stood still, suddenly there was no shadow beside him.

When Li Shen looked up again, he saw Li Chen holding a wine gourd and looking at him with a smile.

And there are four stones flying up and down around him.

Lichen used "Linglong Mind Scheming" to envoy Hanguangshi, and his own shadow also changed accordingly.

With just a flash above his head, his own shadow rushed to Li Shen.

So much so that Li Shen was taken aback.

PS: Thank you book friends for rewarding 1500 without beginning or end;

PS: Thanks to the book friend 20200702181412815 for the 1500 reward, Mo Chou has no confidant in the future, no one in the world does not know you~~

PS: Thanks to book friends Guimian Zhongkui, Gui Pingmu, and A.D. 1 for their rewards, they are broad-minded and appointment-taking, thick accumulation and thin hair~~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		