

Li Chen split his mind and took a look.

Sure enough, there is another attic above the small black house, with three big characters written on it: Xixin Pavilion.

Lichen discovered that "Infinite Sealing Method" is a special existence.

It seems that there is always a bond with some special substances from hell, such as the Abi hell rock last time, such as the water from the underworld this time.

This may be related to the fact that "Infinite Sealing Method" is the hell path in the six paths of reincarnation.

Li Chen escaped into it with a trace of divine thoughts.

Compared with the loneliness of the small black room and the misery of the endless dungeon, the Xixin Pavilion is much more transparent.

[Baptism: Through specific rituals, Lingzhi can understand his mind and see his nature, and evolve a special destiny according to his own 'hobbies', 'personality', 'status', etc. 】

It is worthy of being: clean up and start a new life!

The small black room is detention, the seamless dungeon is a prison, and the Xixin Pavilion is release upon expiration...

Three-piece suit, one-stop, work together.

In the middle of Xixin Pavilion is a pool.

The target needs to be placed in the pool and then baptized using a special medium.

Only one can be baptized at a time.

Li Chen began to look at the skills and items that had awakened his spiritual wisdom on his body.

At present, there are two high-level wisdoms, one is "Karma Transformation Jue", and the other is "Grand View Sutra".

There are also two "Dionysus Chapter" and "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" for intermediate spiritual intelligence.

There is also a low-level spiritual wisdom "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and incomplete spiritual wisdom "Linglong Mind Scheming".

Li Chen thought for a while, "The Art of Changing Jobs by Karma" and "The Great View Sutra" are both high-level wisdom, but the consumption should be extremely harsh.

And it's only getting into the fur now, so I'm not fully sure.

Although the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is a body training method, Lichen does not have a complete exercise method, and the subsequent practice method needs to be comprehended by himself in the small black room.

"Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" is a method of killing, not a top priority.

As for "Linglong Mind Scheming" being incomplete in intelligence, it is likely that there will be problems in awakening one's destiny.

In the end, I decided to choose "Bacchanalia".

One is that it is a fundamental skill, which is closely related to one's own realm.

The second is to be able to tell the truth after drinking, without worrying about its follow-up content.

Thinking of this, put the "Bacchanalia" into the pool, and the next step is to choose the baptism medium.

According to the explanation of Xixin Pavilion, baptism is to evolve Lingzhi's own fate according to Lingzhi's own "hobbies", "personality", and "state".

Therefore, the higher the compatibility between the medium of baptism and spiritual intelligence, the more compatible the activated destiny will be.

For example, just by looking at the name of "Bacchanalia", I knew which medium to choose.

With a thought in Li Chen's mind, a thread of red wine was pulled out of the gourd and fell into his mouth.

At the same time, "Bacchanalia" has already been prepared in Xixinchi.

["Bacchanalia": In this life, in this world, drunk, dreamed and dead. 】

The red honey wine poured into the heart-washing pool, directly submerging the "Bacchanalia".

["Bacchus" was baptized with red honey wine in the Xixin Pavilion. 】

[The hobby of "Bacchus" is "drinking" and the media is highly compatible. 】

[The personality and state of "Bacchus" are highly compatible with the medium. 】

["Bacchanalia" enters a state of clarity...]

Baptism needs a process, but Li Chen is not idle.

The third stage of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" begins to practice.

Sit in a lotus posture to subdue the demons, and pinch Luoye fingers with both hands.

The third solitaire scripture is the "Diamond Sutra".

This is the scriptures that Li Chen went to Zangjing Pavilion to read for the first time.

At this time, Buddhist scriptures solitaire, one question and one answer.

When you realize the Tao, the golden light shines on your body with a "bass, babble".

The efficiency of cultivation is naturally extremely high.

When Li Chen was in the sea of ​​blood, he practiced rain or shine, so the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has not been pulled down.

"Dragon": "The Tathagata said: All appearances are non-appearances."

"Cause": "It is also said: All sentient beings are not sentient beings."


"Dragon": "With no self, no human being, no sentient beings, and no life, practice all good methods."

"Because": "That is, Anuttara-samyak-sambodhi."

A golden light came to him.

Muscles trembled all over his body.

It's different from the itching in the second stage, at this time, there is an inexplicable numbness between the bones, flesh, tendons, and membranes.

"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is the supreme exercise method inherited from Tantric Buddhism.

Li Chen knew that this was a sign that the divine skill was about to be accomplished.

The water of the Yellow Spring washed Li Chen's body back and forth.

It complements the essence of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Kung Fu".

This has accelerated the progress of Li Chen's cultivation.

Finally, after a few more enlightened golden lights entered his body, Li Chen was finally about to break through.

He raised and lowered his arms, the upper one stretched upwards, and the lower one stretched downwards.

Sweat mixed with the mist of the underworld, fell into the puddle along the spine, causing ripples in circles.

He seemed to be standing still, but actually every part of his body was trembling slightly.

At this time, the cave was completely covered by the mist from Li Chen's body.

Obviously the water of the Yellow Spring was icy cold, but Li Chen's body was flushed red as if scalded.

The muscle lines on his body squirmed slightly, as if countless bugs were biting his body.

Ka~

A slight bone snapping sounded.

Immediately afterwards, his body crackled like popping beans.

The skin membrane trembled, the bones and tendons tensed, and the flesh and blood circulated around the body like amalgam, as if it was about to break out.

Roar~

A dragon chant resounded through the cave.

in an instant.

The white mist dissipated, and the waves flowed across.

Li Chen was shocked and opened his eyes.

I just felt that the beating of the chest was more powerful, and the surge of energy and blood was more majestic.

With a punch, his strength turned into a dragon shadow, hitting the barrier arranged by the obscure elder.

bang~

With a loud noise, the dragon shadow became more clearly visible.

The fourth floor breakthrough!

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has been locked in a small black room, and it will seriously reflect on its own problems. 】


The obscure Zen master on the shore was completely shocked.

Li Chen's punch was in the shape of a dragon, which was a little more solid than the last time he saw it.

This dragon shape is very domineering, its power is not under the stellar qi, and it is also flexible and changeable, it is really hard to guard against.

Just now when Li Chen punched the barrier, even though the obscure elder had a high level of cultivation, he still felt that his true energy was draining quickly.

[This son is really extraordinary! 】

The obscure Zen master squinted his eyes, his eyes fell on Li Chen's chest when he saw the water surface through the steaming white mist.

The obscure Zen master is unbelievable.

Thinking that I only stayed there for half an hour at the beginning, but now that Li Chen has been there for half a day, the water level only dropped so little?

It doesn't make sense.

Huangquan water can cleanse the tendons and cut the marrow, and nourish the soul, but the four elements are empty from the dust, which is naturally different from the ordinary mortal body, so the consumption is less.

Most of them still nourish the soul.

At this time, the baptism of "Bacchanalia" has not yet ended, and Li Chen is not in a hurry, and directly starts to visualize the "Lotus Falling" in "Great View Sutra".

Ever since he figured out how to plant red lotus karmic fire on his target in the Blood Sea Secret Realm, he was able to tattoo 'Lotus Falling' on the soles of his feet.

At this time in the quiet room, you can just concentrate on visualization.

PS: Thank you book friends for the reward of 500 xenogeneic gluttony. It was originally a greedy species, but now it is different~~

PS: Thank you for the book friend Ancient Navigator 200 rewards, Qingming is especially eternal, and the world is happy~~

PS: Thanks to book friend 20200829121942485 for the 100 tip.

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		