

cough cough~

Li Chen felt like his whole body was falling apart.

There was a strong smell of blood in his throat.

The giant bear's palm just now.

The strength far exceeded his own limit.

Even with the body protection of "Karma Changing Art", it still cannot transfer all the damage.

Helplessly, I endured it for a little while, and finally I could barely resolve it.

If you do it again.

That Li Chen probably has to explain here.

Seeing that the giant bear raised its giant claw again.

When he was desperate.

"Broken jade ecstasy!"

A deep voice suddenly came from behind the giant bear.

Li Chen took a closer look.

It was the bloody brother just now.

Before he finished speaking, he turned into a phantom, like wisps of misty breeze blowing past in a hurry.

It pierced through the body from behind the giant bear, and condensed again in front of him.

The stars are dotted around, dazzling.

This trick seems to be true but false, like a fleeting shadow.

It is completely different from the evil aura of the killing temple.

That giant bear was alive and well just now.

In just a moment, it was like a kite with a broken string.

The soul seems to have been drawn away.

There was a 'boom'.

Like a collapsed mountain, it fell to the ground.

The surrounding trees shook for a while.

"Cough cough."

It is estimated that this trick consumes a lot.

Seeing the bear beast fell to the ground, the monk also seemed to have lost his support.

slipped to the ground.

Li Chen secretly cried out in his heart.

Enduring the severe pain, he stepped forward to check.

Fortunately, he just fainted temporarily.

look at the sky.

The sun has faded away.

I want to spend tonight in the killing forest.

Li Chen first retrieved the full-fed leeches from the ground.

Some blood stains were simply cleaned up.

Sprinkle some animal repellent powder around.

Then he pulled out the Jie Dao from the giant bear and used it as a self-defense.

I found a big tree to lean on, drank a few sips of wine, and began to adjust my breath.

He just received Xiong Wei's full-strength blow just now, although he was lucky to lose his strength.

But it was still heartbroken.

Transform blood and qi to circulate throughout the body.

The whole body is full of blood, quickly repairing the wound.


Two hours later, Li Chen returned to normal.

It was already dark at this time.

Li Chen added two handfuls of firewood to the campfire.

The injured monk also woke up slowly.

"Brother, you finally woke up."

The monk struggled to get up, his face still ashen.

Sharp eyes glanced around.

It was pitch black, and the sound of insects was silent.

In the end, his gaze was fixed on Lichen's face.

Only then did he look warm.

Li Chen hurriedly looked through the language-interpreting mirror.

【I'm alive……】

【I'm still alive... Σ(⊙▽⊙“a】

[I didn't expect to meet a bear here. 】

【If there is no blood transformation pill of this junior brother, I really have to explain it here today. 】

【This junior looks like a scholar, without the strength to restrain a chicken, but unexpectedly, he is born with supernatural power, and dares to take the full blow of the bear beast! 】

[He is a ruthless person, worth paying for. 】


【Junior brother saved my life, what should I give in return? 】

[Give Lingshi, will it be too vulgar. 】

[Besides, I am not rich. (灬ꈍꈍ灬)】


【With such great strength, I don't know if he can push that stone door open? 】


It was the first time Li Chen saw so many words appearing in the mirror of words.

More than after being drunk in "Hua Xue Jing".

I never thought that a person's broken thoughts could reach this level.

MD, with emoticons.

This brother's psychological activities are too rich.

"Thank you."

Thousands of words, only these two words are left on the lips.

Good guy.

Should I say you are concise?

Or do you mean your face is cold and your heart is hot?

"This senior brother is in the empty nest monastery, Lichen."

"Li Song."

[It turns out that he came from the empty nest monastery. 】

[I heard that the inheritance of the empty nest monastery is unique, but seeing it today is really extraordinary. 】


[Only the day after tomorrow, you dare to come here, it's really skillful and daring. 】

【Perhaps he can help me find the Nuwa stone. 】


Li Chen was almost speechless.

He obviously looked indifferent, but he was not completely indifferent.

This screen full of broken thoughts is really worrying.

In addition, what is the Nuwa stone?

Li Chen sighed, it's good to wake up anyway.

"Senior Brother Li Ge, we can only spend the night in the woods today."

Li Ge first looked up at the sky, then nodded slightly.

"Hmm~"

Nima only has one word this time.

[It's getting dark, I didn't expect that I've been unconscious for so long. 】

【Junior brother Li Chen has been by my side, so touched. 】

[When it's dawn, you have to go out immediately. 】


Nothing to say all night.

But better than watching ten movies.

Senior Brother Li Ge's inner activities were even more exciting than the script.

He always mentioned "Shimen" and "Nuwa Stone" repeatedly.

Wanting to come to pay homage to the Shasheng Temple has another purpose.

Early the next morning, Li Chen woke up.

I saw that the giant bear that was knocked down by the two together yesterday had already been dismembered into several piles by Li Ge.

Bear hide, bear paw, bear claw, bear tendon, bear heart, bear gall...

"Give~"

Li Ge saw Li Chen wake up.

From a pile of meat, he pulled out a fist-sized, black thing.

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, not knowing what he meant by this move.

Can't help turning the Jieyu mirror to look.

[The bear bile of the bear beast is the most precious. It can be refined into a elixir that can calm the liver, improve eyesight, and increase strength. It is suitable for juniors to eat. 】

[Just a little bit more strength, just help me push the stone door open when the time comes. 】


[Bear claws can be made into a set of dark darts, just for self-defense. 】

[Bear tendons can be made into bow strings, but it's useless to me, so I've sold them. 】

【This skin...】


【Anyway, I'll finish it up and give the younger brother some benefits. 】

Li Chen quickly interrupted his wild thoughts.

Take the bear bile, and wait until you have a chance to practice it into a elixir.

This bear beast turned out to be no ordinary blind bear.

Li Ge spread out the bear skin he had peeled, and wrapped four bear paws and tendons.

Make it a big burden to carry on your body.

"Walk?"

[I don't know how the younger brother's body is recovering. 】

【Yesterday, in order to save me, he was hit by the mighty bear beast with all its strength. 】

【Forcibly resisting the huge force is the easiest way to injure the lungs...】

Li Chen did suffer some minor injuries yesterday.

However, the "Blood Transformation Manual" has almost recovered after two weeks of operation.

But as a veteran actor, how could he let go of this opportunity?

"Cough cough cough cough cough..."

"Cough cough cough cough cough..."

Li Chen felt like he was about to cough up his lungs.

Sure enough, guilt flashed across Li Ge's cold face.

【It turns out that the younger brother was injured so badly. 】

[When you first meet a senior brother you have never met before, you are really a hero who can risk your life to save him. 】

[This friend can make friends! 】

"Brother, it's not too late, let's go."

Li Chen rubbed his chest, looking a little depressed.

Li Ge nodded heavily, and walked ahead first.

Li Chen followed behind, full of thoughts in his heart.

This brother, in just one night, was able to recover as before.

It seems that the exercises he practiced are extraordinary.

Then think of the amazing move of beheading the bear beast before.

Li Chen became more and more sure that there must be a big secret hidden in this senior brother Li Ge!

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		