

Bang~

As soon as the big ship docked, some disciples couldn't wait to jump off the deck.

Until now, the heart of parting is still in the throat.

Seeing the dark red circle of light on the shore, parting and unable to restrain himself, he turned around and glanced at the sea of ​​blood.

Still the wind is rough and the waves are not calm.

"Brother, it's time to go back."

Seeing that the parting had not moved, Li Chai from Yixin Temple reminded him from the side.

Li Bie nodded slightly, signaling Li Chai to go first.

Not long after, there were only a few disciples left on the deck.

In addition to myself, there are also Lichou, Lige, and Lisao.

Parting glanced in front of his eyes, Li Shen had already jumped off the deck and was walking towards the teleportation barrier, so he hurried to the side of the three of them: "Three juniors, why don't you go back?"

"I'm going to wait for my brother to go out together.

If my master saw me go out alone, he would definitely beat me to death. "

Others: Self-positioning is so clear.

Not talking nonsense about parting, he hurriedly came over and said: "Three junior brothers, I have a world-piercing bell on me, so I can communicate with the outside world.

It's better for me to stay here. "

"But Li Chen sent a voice transmission to me before he left, so you must keep an eye on Li Shen and not move an inch."

"Please also ask the three juniors."

The three of them looked at each other in pairs, and finally Li Ge nodded, and took the lead to catch up with Li Shen in front.

Li Chou and Li Sao hesitated for a few moments, but also followed.

After a while, the three followed Li Shen into the barrier.

There is only one person left alone on the beach of this shore.

He stood on the beach, staring at the waves one after another without taking his eyes off it.


Shasheng Temple, Daxiong Palace.

Li Dai replaced it with another stick of incense, and an hour had passed since the first batch came out.

At this time, the first batch of disciples who came out had already shared a lot of knowledge. This shore alone is so dangerous, let alone the sea.

Many leaders are becoming more and more worried.

After all, most of the disciples who boarded the blood shadow ship were the elites of various monasteries.

And landing on the island is a narrow escape...

Zen Master Lonely has heard about Li Chen's story of saving people. Although he is relieved, he is also worried.

Huh~

There was a gust of wind.

The candles in the Daxiong Palace flickered on and off.

The enchantment emitting red light flashed, and finally another figure appeared.

"coming!"

Zen Master Ji Mie suddenly stood up.

The candle on one side was almost extinguished by the wind on his body.

The obscure Zen master in front snorted softly, Ji Mie shivered in fright, and sat back to his original place obediently.

The disciple who came out this time was Li Yuan from Shuangcheng Temple. Before he could stand still, three or four figures appeared next to him.

The five heads were full of hope, looking for their disciples among the crowd.

The heads of the other four Buddhist monasteries were okay, saying "Goodness" from time to time, while the Lonely Chan Master was expressionless, but Muyu's rhythm was slightly faster.


"Master~"

"Um."

Li Sao stepped forward to salute, but Lonely Chan Master only took one look and asked, "Where's your brother?"

"Brother, he has something to delay. He should... maybe... be able to come out before the barrier is closed."

country country……

This time Muyu has a faster pace.

Lonely Zen Master's face sank like water: "What's going on?"

A look of sadness flashed across Li Sao's face: "Brother, in order to save the big guy, he led away the soldiers and horses of the Blood Sea Dragon Palace by himself."

"Blood Sea Dragon Palace? How could they be involved?!"

Lonely Zen Master's complexion has begun to look bad.

Li Sao swallowed: Mother, what should I say so as not to be beaten?

He glanced left and right, then went to Lonely Zen Master's ear and told the whole story.

bang~

Only a loud bang was heard.

The sound of wooden fish in the hall stopped abruptly.

The wooden fish in front of Lonely Zen Master has been crushed into powder.

With a blank expression on his face, he stretched out his hand and took out a new wooden fish from the space.

snap~

Just click.

The wooden fish was broken into powder again.

Li Sao stood there at a loss, but the little monk stretched out his hand and pulled him behind him, with a stern expression on his face.

snap~

The third.

the fourth.


Thirteenth.

There is nothing else in his emotional space, it's all wooden fish.

The first Jiyun of the Shuangcheng Temple originally had a smile on his face because all the disciples returned safely.

But suddenly he felt chilly all over his body, and he saw a pair of cold eyes from the corner of his eyes, as if he was being stared at by a wild animal.

Zen Master Jiyun suddenly felt a little restless: Where did I offend this plague god?

Xu Shi noticed his abnormality, and the disciple next to him couldn't help asking: "Master, what's wrong with you?"

"It's okay, it's just the last injury... It's not healed yet."

"Tell me about it in detail, what happened inside, especially... ahem, did you offend anyone in the Empty Nest Temple?"

"Empty nest monastery? Hey, master, we are old and mighty..."

Listening to this, Zen Master Jiyun felt cold: It's over, it's over, it's BBQ~


"Change the incense, ring the bell~"

It is still leaving the court to change the incense, leaving the generation to ring the bell.

After three clicks, a short while later, I received a response.

Li Sao said in a low voice: "Senior brother probably hasn't come back yet, and parting brother is waiting for him."

At this time, all the disciples on the second batch of blood shadow ships had returned.

Eighty-three people were injured, of which 28 were slightly injured and 13 were seriously injured.

This is far ahead of all time.

The most important thing is that many disciples are still wearing gourds.

You must know that only the three monks of the seventh generation have picked three gourds.

But now there are more than 20 people who have picked gourds at once.

Even the obscure Zen master who was silent and taciturn said three times, "Good!"

"This is the good luck of Shasheng Temple."

Zen Master Hui Que clasped his hands together and said in a low voice.

Zen Master Huiming nodded: "It should be the time to shine."

The disciples from all the monasteries returned to their residences to recuperate one after another, and Li Shen was no exception, but a shadow followed him all the time.

People who like silence are scary.

It's so scary that you know he's following you, but you can't figure out what the other person is thinking.

Just like Li Shen at this time, he felt uneasy.

Especially this Li Ge's cultivation level is not low, when he was on the blood shadow ship, he had quietly appeared behind him.

Li Shen thought for a while, then turned around and walked over and said, "Junior brother, do you have something to do with me?"

Li Ge: "By the way."

Li Shen: By the way? MD, you have followed me for more than a dozen bends, and you are still on the way?

"Where is Junior Brother going?"

Li Ge gave him a cold look, a look that didn't want to talk.

Li Shen smiled mischievously, he had the illusion of being sucked by a blood leech.

Next, no matter where he goes, Li Ge always follows him.

And every time I ask him, he always 'drops in', and if he asks too much, he just gives him a look of no comment.

The corner of Li Shen's mouth twitched: This product is too sticky.


"Change the incense, ring the bell!"

I don't know if this is the first time I have changed incense.

At this time, the sky had already dimmed slightly, and there was less than half an hour left before the sun set.

As for the Daxiong Palace, the barrier of red light seems to have dimmed a lot, as if it might be completely extinguished anytime, anywhere.

In the censer, the smoke and fire are stretched straight, one end is seeking, the other end is worrying.

PS: Thank you book friends for the 300 rewards for the Confucianists in the book, the book has a golden pile, and it is rare to meet a Confucianist~~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.


		