

Aww~

Behind him, the sound of dragon chant came and went.

This blood dragon king is proficient in sonic skills.

Li Chen only felt shaking all over his body, his headache was about to split, and he forcibly collected his mind before breaking free.

Seeing that he was safe, the Blood Dragon King turned into a dragon shape directly, with red beard and green scales, five sharp claws, and a dragon swung its tail, sweeping towards Li Chen.

On the front of Lichen is the vortex rolled up by Dinghaizhu, and on the back is the horizontal wave of the Blood Dragon King, and he is caught in the middle, seeing that he cannot dodge.

With a sudden heart, he used the "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" behind his back, and hit forward with his body, turning into a shadow.

Aww~

I just felt a burst of thrust coming from behind, and with the sweeping power of the Blood Dragon King, the shadow shot out.

Bang~

With a loud noise, the figure disappeared into the vortex.

Just when the Blood Dragon King thought that the little monk had been crushed into a pulp by the vortex, a sharp sound wave came from the vortex.

It was a black rosary bead, and it was so fast that it was in sight in an instant.

The blood dragon king didn't dare to be negligent, the blood dragon appeared three times and passed the rosary, but who knew that a second rosary appeared and still hit him directly.

Seeing that there was no way to avoid it, the Blood Dragon King let out a rage, and layers of blood mist burst out from his body, and the blood mist turned into scales, protecting the whole body of the Blood Dragon King.

Roar~

The rosary beads were bounced off immediately, and the jade phosphorous fire on the rosary beads also extinguished by itself.

Congenital Ning Gang!

After the innate realm, it can be condensed into stellar energy, and the scale armor around the blood dragon king is the shape of stellar energy condensed.

The foundation is built the day after tomorrow, and the gang is condensed in the sky, and the gap between the two is like a moat.

Li Chen is an acquired martial artist, possessing several unique skills, he should rarely meet an opponent in his class.

But if you cross the big realm, there is nothing you can do when the real qi meets the stellar qi.

The blood dragon king looked at the other side of the vortex with glaring eyes. This monk was really desperate, and he was still alive after passing through the vortex. He only hated the limitations of this world, and he couldn't compete with all his strength after all.

Li Chen jumped up from the nuclear boat and swung his palm suddenly.

When the dragon-shaped phantom collided with the dragon-shaped stellar energy, it naturally couldn't take advantage of it, and it disappeared in an instant.

The blood energy on the sea of ​​blood was transpiring, and it condensed towards the blood dragon king's bodyguard. It took only a few breaths, and it was already beautiful.

It looks more difficult.

Li Chen frowned, the Gang Qi of the Dragon King of the Blood Sea was closely related to the evil spirit of the Blood Sea.

Acquired True Qi is naturally weak against Stellar Qi, but Li Chen is not helpless.

When he was surrounded by the five generals of the Sea Dragon Palace before, Houtian Zhenqi also failed to break through the Gang Qi and was imprisoned.

But Li Chen found that their stellar qi was mixed with evil qi, so he successfully cracked it with the red lotus karma.

That is to say, Honglian Yehuo has the ability to break the Gang.

Thinking of this without any hesitation, she stretched out her left hand slightly, and a beautiful lotus flower has already bloomed.

bang bang~

Dozens of palms in a row, reaching to the flesh.

The Blood Dragon King is not easy to deal with either, with a dragon chant, a dragon shadow is formed from the Gang Qi, and together with the waves under his feet, he rushes towards the dragon-shaped palm.

bang~ bang~ bang~

The two sides went back and forth, and soon a line of red flowed from the corner of Lichen's mouth, but there was a slight smile on his face.

The Blood Dragon King thought that he had a sure chance of winning, but when he saw Li Chen smiling, he suddenly felt that his body was different. He didn't expect that when he lowered his head, it turned out that a small flower bloomed on his chest.

He hurriedly used the water of the blood sea to try to extinguish it, but he didn't want the red lotus fire to become more vigorous when it met the blood water.

Sure enough, Honglian Yehuo was able to follow the evil spirit and break through the blood dragon king's stellar energy.

"What is this?!"

The Dragon King turned pale with fright. It was covered with blood-colored aura, but it was actually penetrated by that little flower, and it already felt cold all over.

Its mind was divided, and the vortex that Ding Haizhu rolled up just now also began to waver.

"Little monk, what kind of method is this!"

"Hurry up, stop quickly, I'll let you go~"

"Ahhh~ It's so cold~"

Just now Li Chen competed with him in Go, and after winning, it failed to fulfill its promise, how could he trust him now.

Seeing that there was no response from Li Chen, the Blood Dragon King immediately turned into a long dragon and rolled several times in the sea, stirring up the waves of the sea of ​​blood.

Li Chen snorted coldly, and thousands of angry hands sprouted from his ribs, the lines on his arms faintly flowed with magma.

Subconsciously, he summoned the red lotus fire with his angry hands.

The scarlet flickering flames reflected on the lines of the wrathful hands, and those magma finally came alive:

[The Nuxing Thousand Hands (the first pair) has a bond with the Red Lotus Karma, unlock status: Nulian]

[Rage lotus: The angry-shaped thousand hands can control the red lotus karma fire, the attack comes with karma fire, and at the same time, the anger gives the red lotus karma fire a 'burst' effect.

When hitting the target, the flower bloom will split more sparks, which can only burst once. 】

Angry lotus?

At this moment, the magma hidden in the pattern on the wrath-shaped arm seemed to be transformed into a solid body, one after another, like a blooming red lotus.

Shua~

A lotus flame bloomed on the arm.

I only felt that under the accumulation of anger, the lotus rose slowly.

If the karmic fire released by Lichen before was a shy little flower, then the red lotus karmic fire controlled by the angry form at this moment is full of charm.

With just a slight wave, the phantom of the lotus came out of his hand and floated straight towards the blood dragon king struggling in the sea.

The red lotus karmic fire fell on the Blood Dragon King, and suddenly the petals trembled, and with a 'bang', they exploded instantly, turning into more fire seeds.

Originally, there was only a small flower on the Blood Dragon King's body, but now the flame exploded and spread all over his body.

In the blink of an eye, a layer of hoarfrost formed on the Blood Dragon King's body, his skin was scarlet from the cold, and lines appeared on the surface, vaguely in the shape of a lotus flower.

"Ah~ master master, quickly accept the supernatural power!"

The red lotus karma eroded the blood-colored qi, and the qi continued to collapse, and the blood dragon king's struggle became weaker and weaker, until finally, there was no life left.

From the beginning to the end, there was no disturbance in Li Chen's heart...

[Blood Dragon King was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】


[The Blood Dragon King couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a top-level sonic skill "Water Dragon Song". 】

The range of effects of the sound wave method is extremely wide, and it has always been rare.

In Shasheng Temple, only Yixin Temple is good at this way.

[The Blood Dragon King couldn't bear the torment of the flames of purgatory, so he confessed a low-grade heaven-level exercise "Blood Sea Chaosheng". 】

This "Blood Ocean Chaosheng" should be the original skill of the Blood Dragon King, it should be inherited by the blood ancestor, and it may be suitable for Li Sao's cultivation. .

[The Blood Dragon King couldn't bear the torment of the fire of purgatory, so he confessed a secret. 】

Li Chen looked at it, and shouted in his heart: This blood dragon king really didn't tell the truth just now!

PS: Thank you for the 500 reward from book friend Ling Zuofang de Xiaoxia, you should be nostalgic when you wander, and a knight should be self-improvement~~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: These chapters are the previous manuscripts, and it may not feel right. I will start to fine-tune them today and tomorrow. I hope everyone will bear with me.


		