

The next day, early morning.

Morning class at the Empty Nest Zen Monastery.

Li Sao was rarely absent.

Although he is a tough guy.

But he did not dare to challenge the majesty of the lonely Zen master.

But today until the end of the morning class, there was no sign of him.

Li Chen frowned, thinking: If things go wrong, there must be demons.

Thinking of this, he didn't go back to Xiangji Kitchen, but directly diverted to the starting and ending place.

When the monks at the start and end saw him, they lowered their heads in panic and walked away.

Li Chen narrowed his eyes.

Sure enough, they were playing tricks.

The start and end are similar to Soup Kitchen.

Each has a meditation room.

Li Chen pushed the door open and went in.

Just in time to see Li Quan who was fighting with the fat monk that day.

As soon as he saw Li Chen, he immediately turned pale with fright: "It's none of my business~"

"I do not know anything."

After speaking, he leaned his back against the wall and begged for mercy.

Li Chen snorted coldly.

No matter what he says.

Grab him by the collar.

Hit the wall.

"Ouch~"

Li Quan begged for mercy.

He was already as thin as a bamboo pole.

At this moment, Li Chen picked him up with one hand.

Li Quan suddenly panicked.

"Uh, uh, I said... I said~"

"Junior Brother Lisao, he...he was taken away by the Three Treasures Temple."

Hearing this, Li Chen frowned.

The five Buddhist temples of Shasheng Temple have their own characteristics.

In Yixin Temple, there are not only the essentials of the scriptures, but also classics of hundreds of schools. He has always practiced both Zen and martial arts, so he presides over the inheritance of Shasheng Temple.

The disciples of Shuangcheng Temple can leave the temple to practice. Lichen was tricked by them to go up the mountain, so the person in charge of Shasheng Temple purchased it.

In the Sanbao Temple, there are various methods of Buddhist soldiers and the inheritance of formations, and the method of subduing demons is the first, so he presides over the precepts of the Shasheng Temple.

Four Truths Temple has the largest number of monks, and the most diverse lineages, among which there are many secret arts of alchemy and weapon refining, so they preside over the production and operation of Shasheng Temple.

As for the empty nest monastery.

That's more special.

Supervise all other monasteries.

Therefore, Li Chen was arranged in the Xiangji Kitchen, while Li Sao was arranged at the beginning and end.

They are all monitoring.

It's just that the entrance trial of the empty nest monastery is too difficult, which leads to the lack of population, but now it is greatly underestimated.

Li Chen put Li Quan down: "Did they say anything when they left?"

The skinny monk was panting heavily, and became more and more afraid of the junior in front of him.

"I didn't say anything superfluous."

"It's just cured Li Sao... the five bodies are not working hard, and the practice is negligent."

He clasped his hands together and raised them high, but his eyes peeked between the palms.

I was afraid that Li Chen would get angry and suddenly violently hurt others.

"It's good that the five bodies are not diligent, and the practice is neglected."

Li Chen sneered.


Sanbao Temple is backed by the Blood River Valley.

The whirring of weapons can be heard from a distance.

The number of people in Sanbao Temple is second only to Siyi Temple.

But the overall combat effectiveness is not at the same level.

Lichen was dressed in a monk's robe, and his white clothes were better than snow.

A circle of black rosary beads hangs on the chest.

It also shows a dusty appearance.

Only then did we enter the Sanbao Temple.

Then a monk held a long stick and blocked Li Chen's way.

"Come here, tell me your name."

Li Chen didn't take it seriously, and said slowly: "The empty nest monastery... Li Chen."

"Please see the steward of the Discipline Hall."

The monk was taken aback when he heard the words, obviously he had received instructions before.

There was a 'swoosh' of the long stick.

It has been withdrawn to the chest.

Li Chen squinted his eyes, and thought to himself: Sure enough, everyone in Sanbao Temple is well-trained.

"Go straight ahead and you will meet the person you want to see."

“Good luck, good luck.”

Li Chen held the rosary in one hand and stood in front of his chest with the other.

If this door is stepped in, it will not be good.

He flicked his sleeves and took this step without hesitation.

Follow the guidance of the gatekeeper monk.

Li Chen went all the way.

Then came to a dojo.

The monks in the arena hold their weapons.

They are piled up in threes and fives, and they seem to have their own rules.

It should be practicing some kind of formation.

Judging by the power, it is naturally much higher than the other few Zen monasteries.

No wonder he dared not to put the empty nest monastery in his eyes.

When the monks on both sides saw Lichen coming in, they all mocked.

Just like sheep among wolves, there is no return.

"There are really people who are not afraid of death."

Li Chen followed the reputation.

On the open space in front of him, there were wooden stakes inserted, which seemed to form a plum blossom formation.

And on the middle one is tied a ragged monk.

I saw that his body was covered with scars, his face was beyond recognition, the corners of his mouth were swollen, and he was already weak.

When he saw Li Chen, two lines of tears immediately flowed down his face.

But then his eyes showed panic, his mouth whimpered, and his head shook like a rattle.

It was probably signaling Li Chen to leave quickly.

Li Chen heaved a long sigh: I'm afraid this Li Sao is incompatible with Shasheng Temple.

Ever since entering the Shasheng Temple, the injuries on his body have not healed.

In the middle of the plum blossom array, there are two monks.

One of them was the fat monk Li'an.

When he saw Li Chen, his face turned pale first, and he hurried to another monk and whispered a few times.

Hearing the words, the monk looked sideways slightly, with a look of disapproval on the corner of his mouth.

As if to be provocative, he suddenly raised the nine-section whip in his hand.

'啪~'

It was being drawn on Li Sao.

This blow was extremely heavy.

Li Sao's body was immediately torn apart.

Li Chen frowned.

Just about to walk over.

But there was a monk standing in front of him.

"This junior brother, your face is so tight."

"The front is the Martial Arts Academy of Sanbao Temple, strangers are not allowed to enter."

After finishing speaking, he looked at Li Chen with a playful face.

Make things difficult on purpose.

Li Chen clasped his hands together, and said lightly, "I am Li Chen from the Empty Nest Temple."

"The empty nest monastery counts..."

The last word 'fart' has not been uttered yet.

Li Chen had already made the first move.

This slap was very heavy.

Again, he took advantage of his unpreparedness and shot.

Where did the other party think that this kid would dare to act wildly on the territory of Sanbao Temple.

So there was no guard at all just now.

This slap was painful.

snap~

The disciple didn't expect that this seemingly powerless monk would be so powerful.

He was directly slapped two or three times.

In the end, he stopped his figure with a long stick in his hand.

Li Chen said coldly: "The empty nest monastery has the responsibility of supervision, where can't I go to the Shasheng Temple?"

After the monk stood still, he became angry from embarrassment.

Where do you still listen to his nonsense.

Picking up the long stick in his hand is a blow to the head.

Li Chen sneered.

He bears the magical power of the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", and his power has long been extraordinary.

There is also the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" to protect the body, which cannot be approached normally.

Zen Master Lonely once said that with Lichen's current strength, even the disciples of the Houtian Wuzhong are no match.

What's more, yesterday he learned the first form of "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers".

It made up for the shortcomings of his lack of moves.

In terms of strength, it is not as simple as doubling.

What is there to be afraid of from Li Chen?

Seeing the long stick attacking, his body tilted slightly.

It was actually the starting posture of "Hundred Eight Trouble Worship · Greedy Style".

Let go of the stick.

"The Art of Changing Career by Cause and Effect" moves naturally.

The strength of the stick instantly became invisible.

Li Chen was also polite, holding down the long stick.

Pull it into your arms.

The monk's face was full of panic, and he couldn't hold it back.

He fell headlong to the front.

Long weapons are most afraid of close quarters.

Lichen doesn't wait for his moves to get old.

With a wave of one hand, he returned to the past.

First salute!

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		