

When the blood phase magic power is performed, it is entangled with blood and energy.

The thirteen people are connected by blood, so the thirteen people attack and defend together.

no matter what kind of damage.

It can be shared among thirteen people.

As the thirteen blood monks cooperated more and more tacitly.

The formation is getting better and better.

Although Li Chen's palm shadow could hit Xue Luosha.

But the other party seems to have become unaffected.

Even if there is a gigantic force, if it is distributed among thirteen people, it will be nothing more than a drizzle.

Conversely, the thirteen blood Rakshasa can also impart the power of blood to anyone.

Then combined the power of thirteen people to launch an attack.

Compared with the Buddhist scripture stick array.

The formation of the Thirteen Blood Rakshasa Formation has almost no flaws.

So the two sides stalemate for a stick of incense.

Li Chen was already out of breath.

On the other hand, the thirteen blood Rakshasas were all in high spirits.

The thirteen people's blood and energy all over their bodies began to connect with each other.

This is the perfect performance of the formation.

As time goes on, the cooperation of the thirteen people will become more and more subtle.

When the blood and gas merge into one.

The thirteen blood Rakshasa will be able to transform into one of the thirteen blood phases.

At that time, extraordinary people can deal with it.

In the Daxiong Palace.

Lonely Zen Master stared nervously at the picture in the water mirror.

Look at the obscure Zen master from time to time.

I was extremely anxious.

At this time, the head master of Jiyong of Yixin Temple sighed: "This son can persist in the blood Rakshasa formation for so long."

"Intellect and aptitude are beyond the reach of others."

The head Chan Master Jiyun of Shuangcheng Temple nodded: "What brother said is true, but the "Blood Physician Art" was born out of "The Dafa of Disintegrating Blood Demons".

Once the blood and energy are connected, the power of thirteen people can be compared to the innate realm. "

"If he turns into a bloody form again, this little monk may never have a chance to stand up again."

The other Zen masters nodded one after another.

The Thirteen Blood Rakshasa Formation has almost no flaws.

If you have to say yes.

That was before their flesh and blood fully blended.

Not yet complete.

Can break the array.

But Lichen is only the second level of the acquired state.

It is only by strength and exquisite skills that it has been supported until now.

And the blood magic skill is not afraid of physical attacks.

Li Chen could only deal damage with 'combo strikes'.

But being apportioned to thirteen people, it is difficult to cause any harm.

I can persist until now because of the subtlety of the Buddha-seeking body method in "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers".

There is almost no chance of breaking the formation.

bang~

Li Chen was suddenly driven back by a burst of blood energy.

Even with the body protection of the "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue", it only takes away most of the strength.

His internal organs shook, and a line of blood flowed from the corner of his mouth.

cough cough.

Li Chen licked the blood on his lips.

He actually raised the wine gourd and took two gulps.

"Huh~"

"Not so much."

This battle was aggrieved.

All kinds of pride aroused in my heart.

The thirteen blood Rakshasa was also taken aback.

Originally, Li Chen only asked for forgiveness, so the two parties could stop.

But I didn't expect him to be tough.

At the moment, the blood and anger are intertwined violently.

There is a faint shape of becoming one.

Li Chen didn't care at all.

The palm technique in the hand is faster and faster.

Palm after palm.

Twenty-three thanks.

Twenty-four prayers.


Thirty-seven prayers.

Thirty-eight thanks.


Fifty-four prayers.

fifty five prayers

Fifty-six thanks.


He is blessed with alcohol.

There is also a feint effect on the body.

Like a drunk.

Stumbled in the shadow of blood.

Get hit by blood gas from time to time.

He quickly returned a palm.

Both sides come and go.

Aww~

The blood suddenly swayed.

The rich blood light was faintly streaked with black.

One red and one black, constantly intertwined.

It turned into a phantom of a ferocious beast prostrate on the ground.

looming.

It is shaped like a cow, with four horns on its head and fur like a coir raincoat.

The bloody fangs are daunting.

A pair of scarlet eyes stared at Lichen in front of him.

Aww~

Looking up to the sky and screaming.

Can swallow the sun and the moon!

Thirteen blood phases!

A group of monks stood together in the martial arts arena.

What's more, the hair was standing on end, and they fled.

In the Daxiong Palace.

Zen Master Jiran couldn't help sighing: "The blood of the Rakshasa really has the power to devour the world."

The other heads also nodded in agreement.

Only Chan Master Lonely worried about his disciple's safety and said: "Uncle, the blood phase has been formed, and there is no power to return to heaven, so there is no need to compete anymore."

The obscure Zen master still looked at Shui Jing calmly: "Don't worry, wait a little longer."


Aww~

The blood is monstrous.

A pair of blood-colored eyes stared at Li Chen, murderous.

But Li Chen was aroused by its ferocity and full of blood.

Immediately, he was so proud that he raised his glass and drank freely.

His original moon white monk robe had long since become ragged.

While the zhenqi was surging, the cloth strips on his body swayed.

The heart is dripping with joy, like an ancient hero.

The wind is blowing, the water is cold, and the strong man will never return once he is gone.

The aura of his body can actually stand up to the blood phase, and he will not lose the wind.

The body technique is used to the extreme, and the palms are frequently hit.

In the blink of an eye, dozens of palms have been struck.

Eighty thanks.


Ninety thanks!


One hundred thanks.


One hundred orders and five prayers.


One last change.

...Hundred orders and eight thanks!

Soon, all the 108 moves in "Greedy Style" have been played once.

At this time, there is arrogance in the chest, murderous aura in the heart, plus thousands of afflictions.

Everything enters the treasure body, mixed with manifolds.

Lichen's hands approached slowly.

There seem to be thousands of obstacles in the middle.

Still can't get together.

And opposite him.

The thirteen blood rakshasas perform the same magic power.

The blood is transpiring, and the blood giant has the potential to overwhelm the sky.

Finally, like a wild horse.

Showing a mouth full of fangs.

Coming towards Lichen.


In the Daxiong Palace.

The lonely Zen master could no longer hold back.

His hands were as shiny as jade, and he raised his hand to pat the water mirror.

This water mirror is an ancient wonder.

Can travel across time and space.

The big clapping turned into a phantom, about to fall into the water mirror.

The obscure Zen master tossed his cassock.

Unexpectedly, the big applause at the top of this memory disappeared invisible.

"Uncle!"

"If you don't save me, this disciple of mine will be gone!"

The obscure Zen master remained expressionless, looking at Li Chen in the field: "He can handle it."

All the Zen masters looked at each other: Can he fight against the blood beast?

Is the uncle confused?


A huge shock is coming.

The wind has been dyed blood.

Li Chen stands in the wind but neither dodges nor evades.

The palms are still slowly approaching.

Just a little bit, just a little bit.

The annoyance in my mind has reached a critical point.

Just like the monk who prayed to Buddha.

Depression in my heart can't be added.

The sky is full of gods and Buddhas, and I don't know where they are going.

There is only one thought left in my mind:

One hundred and eight troubles... I just ask for a prayer!

snap~

Put your palms together!

All one hundred and eight prayers.

It turned into a palm at this moment.

Obstacles are fine too.

No worries.

This obeisance... disappears in smoke!

boom~

The bloody shadows all over the sky suddenly condensed the outline of a huge palm print.

Chan chants reverberated between heaven and earth.

The shadow of the palm broke the blood.

Collided with the fierce beast Xi Hou.

Aww~

The desolate roar of the beast resounded through the world.

The giant beast was shattered into pieces in this palm.

In the last scene, the fear on the face freezes.

And behind it.

The thirteen paths of blood that were originally intertwined in one place.

Immediately cut off by the aftermath of the palm shadow.

Thirteen blood Rakshasa.

All passed out.


Palms apart.

Li Chen was lying powerlessly on the ground, only a pair of eyes were exceptionally bright.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		