

Will enter the wine, you will never see it, the water of the Yellow River comes up in the sky, and it will never return to the sea.

The three great rivers flowed endlessly, and Lichen stood on the flying boat, with a bold heart in his chest:

"I have a jug of wine, enough to comfort the wind and dust.

Do all the rivers and seas, and give drinks to people all over the world. "

After a while, the gourds poured down, and the cherry red wine color bloomed and the fragrance spread all over the place.

The aroma of the wine is intoxicating, vaguely like the previous life, like entering the ethereal space.

I still remember the past.

In the peaceful and prosperous age, it is fortunate to read a little poetry and books.

Thank you for your kindness.

Fortunately, Yu's family is safe and has no worries about food and clothing.

When thanking relatives for their concern.

Yu Qianmo has a well-developed network and transportation, which is fortunate.

Thank you for the trend of the time.

However, half of my life was wasted, nothing was achieved, and I was ashamed of my country, my family, and my times.

Fortunately, I met a sect and said: "Read the text, don't abandon the ignorant grass, and collect it into the gate wall."

There was a big brother Beihe in front of him, who had discerning eyes and pearls, so he should be Bole.

Later, there was a big brother Bacon, who cultivated it with all his heart and supported him a lot.

It's also a dark month of operation, and I will work tirelessly.

Various book friends help each other: Bone Dragon in the Nether World, Qiu Xin Turns into Ashes, Weekly, Fellow Daoists Please Stay For a Step, Junzi Junction, Moonlight Powder, etc.

There are many noble people along the way: no beginning is no end, very vq, crossroads, seadhy, Depresseding, ancient navigator, bloodthirsty druid, Yifeng, North Xuanwu No. 2, Kawei, Chenguang rabbit, Xingyuao Sky, Yumi's Life, At Noon, At Noon, I Am Hoe He, Mr. Zhizun Li, Ghost Face Zhong Kui, Wuhuai Night Walk, Qianying Yizai, Depresseding, Qi|, Guyun Daoren, Wang Chao of Code Words, There are books for Companion, Xi Gu Pani, Kamian to play Decade, Drunk in the middle of the night, Shi Lao, What the hell is the car bead, Xiao Xia wandering left and right, Confucianist in the book, Alien gluttony, Breeze to the north bkpp, Xun Xie, Rational self-discipline , Lao Na wants to tie the head of the ball, Gui Pingmu, AD 1, Dongfang Moran, Lonely Hanchuangxue, the name grows handsome, Gao Ye, 2 o'clock, sweet iced tea tbc, Nian Fu Sheng Nian, book friend 20200702181412815, etc.

It is a great kindness to meet each other by chance and donate generously.

Suddenly at this point, the drunken eyes were hazy, and there were actually two lines of tears.

Have a drink and feel infinite emotion:

"I have a jug of wine, enough to comfort the wind and dust.

A thousand cups of incomprehensible drinking, ten thousand cups of bitter sinking. "

The previous life is over, and this life should be vigorous.

If there were deficiencies in the past, we must learn from them in the future.

When the wind is turbulent, I would like to play with the tide.

If you don't leave the official, you should never abandon Lichen.

The wine has a mellow aroma and endless aftertaste, which is exactly:

"I have a jug of wine, enough to comfort the wind and dust.

But there are guests in the court, and the floating clouds laugh at this life. "

As soon as Li Chen's figure escaped, he entered the boundless space, and suddenly heard a song in the cloud: "Please subscribe!"

See you at noon today~


		