

[The visualization of "The Seal of the Soul" is successful. 】

Li Chen only felt that his left hand was scalded by a soldering iron.

There is already a dark black chain tattoo on the palm of his hand.

The chain is inadvertently thick, but it looks very textured.

[Spiritual chains: After touching the spirit body, a chain mark will be generated on the target.

When the target breaks free and resists, a chain seal will grow from the brand and begin to form a spiritual seal on the target.

When the target realm is higher than your own, the time for the chain to be completely sealed will be extended by 10% for each level higher. 】

Amazing.

From now on, we will also be masters of ghost hunting.

At this moment, the interpretation mirror flickered one after another.

[The frequency of Asura No. 1 has disappeared, and the last disappearance location has been recorded. 】

[The frequency of Asura No. 2 has disappeared, and the last disappearance location has been recorded. 】


Li Chen frowned: All the frequencies of Asura he had recorded before had all disappeared.

And the places where they disappeared are all in one place.

Did they notice something? Or is there any enchantment that shields fluctuations?

However, the place where they disappeared has been recorded, and the direction is the direction that the big ship is traveling in, so it is the Blood Gourd Island.


The blood shadow boat rides the wind and waves, and a small island looms in front of it.

"Blood gourd island!"

"We're finally here."

All the monks cheered and cheered, and only parted to signal everyone to be quiet.

"Although we successfully repelled the Asura clan, there may not be any ambushes on the island, so we must not let our guard down."

After speaking, he gave Li Shen a look.

Li Shen nodded, and pondered: "The disciples of Shuangcheng Temple have a duty to do it."

The so-called Shuangyana refers to the Shravakayana and Yuanjuanyana in Buddhism. The secret method practiced in the Shuangyong Temple can enhance perception, and it is just used at this moment.

"Retract the oars and drop the anchor!"

With an order, the speed of the big ship dropped sharply.

Not long after, there was a heavy sound, and the blood shadow ship docked safely on the Bund of Blood Gourd Island.

The monks did not disembark rashly, but set up camp on the beach to take care of the wounded.

And Li Chen couldn't wait to summon the ascetic flying boat, and flew towards the place where the Asura clan disappeared last.

This blood gourd island is not big in size, but its downside is covered in mist, and there are mysteries everywhere.

There are many treasures unique to this world on the island, and these are the main purpose of Shasheng Temple to open the secret realm.

Li Chen was not in the mood to explore at this time, and drove the flying boat through the fog.

Finally stopped at a hill not far from the sea.

According to the "True Hearing Technique", the last place where the Asuras disappeared is in this hill.

Li Chen put away the flying boat and smelled a strong smell of blood.

This smell is far superior to other places, and I am even more sure that the Asura tribe is hidden here.

The hills are not too tall, but there are huge rocks and steep walls. If they are hidden in it, it is really not easy to expose.

Lichen has a talent for smelling, and his sense of smell is far superior to ordinary people.

Borrowing the smell of blood, I searched all the way, and finally found a dark cave near the top of the mountain.

This dark cave is embedded in the mountain wall, and the entrance of the cave is covered by chaotic rocks.

If you don't look carefully, you really can't find it.

Li Chen didn't dare to go in hastily, he used his hand and Di Ting to investigate, and couldn't help being surprised: there really is something else going on here.

He could feel the energy in the cave rising and falling.

But these qi mechanisms are relatively weak, and occasionally a few are slightly stronger, which is not a cause for concern.

Li Chenyi is a bold man, he has gravity and repulsion to protect his body, it is difficult for an ordinary Asura to get close to him by three meters.

So he jumped in boldly.

As soon as he came in, Li Chen frowned, the cave was completely dark, and he couldn't see his fingers.

Fortunately, he had caught Liao worms before and bought several Hanguang stones, but now he only dared to take out one, for fear of attracting attention.

The faint twilight illuminates the surrounding area, and the outside of the cave is small and the inside is large, and it suddenly becomes clear as soon as you enter.

Li Chen's feet stiffened, and when he looked down, there were many bones.

It was vaguely the corpses of those Asuras.

A cave full of corpses?

Li Chen frowned. When he was on the boat, Parting once told the legend about the Asura tribe.

The Asura tribe was originally born from the sea of ​​blood, and they were born to feed on human souls.

Later Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva came from the west and lived on the other side of the sea of ​​blood. He used Buddhism to transform the Asura people every day. Over time, he gave birth to Buddha nature.

Therefore, the Ashura tribe was divided into two, one still belonged to the ancestor of Minghe, and the other became one of the eight tribes of Buddhism.

This is a relatively extreme nation, but whether it is a demon or a Buddha, there is no legend that there are red beads in their hearts.

And they just like to devour human souls, and they don't have the habit of killing the same kind.

Seeing this road paved with bones, Li Chen was even more puzzled.

Gradually deepening, there was finally movement in the cave.

There are even smaller caves within the cave.

In the first cave, a group of Asura clansmen were lying on the rock wall of the cave like walking corpses, licking the blood drops that fell from it.

This group of Asuras seemed to be very weak and soulless, so they didn't even notice Li Chen walked through the cave entrance.

Li Chen didn't stop, and continued to walk along the corridor.

It's gloomy here, like a ghost.

But if Lichen was only surprised when he saw the first cave, then the second cave not far away completely overturned his three views.

Wushan is cloudy and rainy, turning up red waves, and Ashura can be seen everywhere in the cave.

They don't seem to have any consciousness, as long as they meet in the dark, they seem to be ignited with passion.

The strange sound echoed in the cave, but it couldn't help but make people feel cold all over.

Li Chen couldn't believe the scene in front of him, they were obviously being manipulated.

At this moment, I suddenly felt a wind in the back of my head.

Without even thinking about it, when he moved his feet, his figure already moved out of the way.

boom!

A huge meteor hammer fell from the sky, hitting exactly where he was just now.

In Lichen's haste, he only saw a huge shadow.

Suddenly remembered what was mentioned before parting, that Li Sao was taken away by an Asura who used a meteor hammer.

Li Chen couldn't help being overjoyed: I think I found the right place.

So without hesitation, he resorted to the methods of his background and dealt with the other party.

"Humans, pure blood!"

It's this sentence again.

I'm afraid their purpose has something to do with the blood on people's bodies.

With a thought in Li Chen's mind, all four light-containing stones appeared in his hand, and he threw them in every corner.

Suddenly there was light in the cave, and Li Chen saw the other party's appearance.

Muscles are stacked all over his body, like a mountain of meat, and his human form is almost invisible.

And the meteor hammer in his hand was the size of a bucket, no wonder it was able to knock the blood shadow ship apart.

When this thing flies out, it has more than a thousand catties of force, even Li Chen dare not say that he can resist it.

Or let's say Li Sao is a tough kid.

But what made Li Chen secretly curious was that the two had a contest, and the noise they made was not small, but it didn't affect the interest of the people in the cave at all.

They are still continuing to be happy.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		