

There are 13,000 blood god sons, and it would be futile to miss one.

It's hard to imagine the desperate situation Xuan Jing Division faced at that time.

Lichen clasped his palms together and proclaimed the Buddha's name: "Amitabha."

While feeling emotional, he suddenly remembered the chilling fluctuation when he left the cave.

The more Li Chen thought about it, the more he felt something was wrong, so he asked again: "Master, do the Blood Demons have other blood fetuses?"

Master Lonely laughed lightly: "Haha, it's natural for disciples to worry, but I have to talk about Dazhou Xuanjingsi."

"Xuanjing Division is the inheritance of Xuanjingtian in the Immortal Realm. It uses mirrors as magic weapons and is divided into three categories: 'Heaven, Earth, and Human'."

"It is said that the Tianzi mirror is a treasure bestowed by the heavens, and each side has unparalleled power."

"At that time, in order to catch the Gorefiend, Xuan Jingsi sent two Tianzi mirrors at the same time."

"One of them is the 'Mirror of Martial Arts', which can see the origin of all things, from the outside to the inside, from the release to the release.

According to the scene, you can deduce the martial arts moves.

Many miraculous skills and magic techniques in the Xuanjing Division were deduced by Yan Wujing.

It's a pity that the 'Martial Arts Mirror' was finally shattered by the Gorefiend. "

"The other side is the 'Mirror of Heaven's Mystery', which can deduce the secret of heaven without any omission. The blood demon has 13,000 blood god sons, all of which are counted by the mirror of heaven's secret, not one more and one less.

It is precisely because of this that they can be broken one by one, and in the end there is only one clone left, so how can it be wrong? "

Xuan Jing is indeed the ceiling of this world. In terms of magic, these two mirrors are not inferior to his own mirror of interpretation.

However, Li Chen asked again: "Master, do you think the sarcoma in the last clone of the Gorefiend is still alive?"

Zen Master Lonely shook his head, pointed to the passing away lamp and said, "Xuanjingsi's mirror is magical, but this lamp is not an ordinary thing."

"It comes from the Reincarnation Temple. It uses life as the lamp oil. The wick is divided into two strands, one of which must be lit with the fire ordered by the eminent monk. The flame is called 'Same Fire'.

Once burned by this flame, the life fire will be led to another wick.

The two wicks are born and die at the same time. If the light of one of them goes out, it will consume the lamp oil of the other person's life until both people die at the same time. "

"Once the light is extinguished, it means that the life fire that ignited the two wicks has been extinguished at the same time.

Alas, it's just a pity that Master Xuandu sacrificed himself to protect the way. "

Although the lonely monk said this, Li Chen still felt uneasy, so he talked about the strange situation that he encountered at that time.

Zen Master Lonely also paid attention to the words, and after a while, he pondered: "Maybe there are other unknown existences there, I have to wait for my elders to explore together."

He looked at the oil lamp with a serious expression on his face.

【This oil lamp needs to consume lifespan. For my disciples, there are only disadvantages and no benefits...】

Li Chen also knew that Zen Master Lonely was looking out for his own good, so he said: "Master, this disciple has too little cultivation and cannot light the lamp of life. Please donate it to the monastery as a meritorious deed."

The passing away lamp is indeed lit with the fire ordered by the eminent monk, and the burning life should be called the lamp of dying together.

Li Chen is not considered an eminent monk, and he doesn't want to care about his life.

This thing is completely useless in the hands, it might as well be dedicated to Shasheng Temple.

【It would be great if all my apprentices were as sensible as Li Chen. 】

[There are apprentices like this, what can monks ask for]

Zen Master Lonely nodded, and said with satisfaction on his face: "My good disciple, Shasheng Temple will never treat you badly."

[This time I have to squeeze out the obscure uncle! 】

After speaking, he picked up the oil lamp and left the empty nest monastery. It should be the elders of Xun monastery.

Li Chen smiled in his heart: This master is awesome.


It's day.

The fog of the Colorless Mountain faded away, causing a sensation in the whole temple.

No one expected that the Colorless Mountain, which has been shrouded in mist all year round, is so gorgeous and colorful.

The colorless mountain has completely become the five-color mountain, and it is really the holy place of Shasheng Temple.

For a time, there was an endless stream of disciples lingering on the mountain.

At the same time, the three elders and the five heads of the Shasheng Temple gathered in the Daxiong Hall.

What they are talking about is the legend about the "place where the gorefiend dies".

The next day, the three elders of the Sacrificing Temple went to the cold pond together, saw the blood demon fetus, and reconfirmed that it was stillborn.

And above that hall is the Blood Pond of the Shasheng Temple.

Zen Master Lonely guessed that the inexplicable fluctuations that Lichen suffered at that time were caused by monks who were retreating in the forbidden area of ​​​​Blood Pond.

After Li Chen heard the news, he suppressed his worries.

After that, he plunged into the Sutra Pavilion.

He consulted the Lonely Chan Master and listed a list of scriptures, all of which are Zen classics, which can be regarded as targeted.

In addition, with the help of "The Art of Changing Career through Karma", it is handy to recite.

In the middle, I also met Farewell in the Cangjing Pavilion, and talked about Lishen, which was very embarrassing.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" deeply reflected on my own problems in the small black room, and finally recalled a few formulas on the fifth floor. 】

"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra": The heart-cleaning water vessel is always in front of you.

"The Judgment of Changing Business through Cause and Effect": But in the life of a turbid mind, there is no shadow of the Tathagata's dharmakaya.

A golden light came to him.

Li Chen only felt refreshed all over his body, as if his muscles and bones had been washed.

"Dragon": For example, if a lamp enters a dark room, it can completely break through a hundred thousand years of darkness. The Bodhisattva Mahasattva Bodhi Heart Lamp is also like this;

"Cause": Entering the hearts of all living beings, hundreds of thousands of billions of indescribable kalpas, all afflictions and karma, all kinds of dark obstacles, can all be eliminated.


With the question and answer of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and "Cause and Effect Transformation Art".

The fifth level of exercises began to be gradually completed.


Another five days later.

The lonely Zen master suddenly called.

Empty-nest Buddhist monastery, meditation hall.

Except for the outrageous little monk who is still in retreat, the Lonely Zen Master and Li Sao are both there.

Seeing Li Chen approaching, Lonely Zen Master's original stern face immediately changed into a smile: "My good disciple, you are here."

Li Sao on the side curled her lips: "Bastard child, it's true."

After Li Chen saluted and sat down, the Lonely Zen Master became more and more satisfied, but turned his head to look at Li Sao, and immediately felt disgusted.

"Hey, calling you here today is still the matter of your junior brother."

Li Chen held the rosary in one hand, and stood in front of his chest with the other, watching his nose with his eyes and his heart with his nose.

"These days, Lonely has expended energy to seal more than eighty orifices on Li Sao's body. Although it can't eradicate the eggs, it also slows down their growth."

"According to what your uncle said, after half a year, the eggs will burst out."

Speaking of this, he glanced at Li Sao, only to see this guy with a mournful and dejected face.

Zen Master Lonely sighed: "If you say save it, there is no need to waste these efforts."

When Li Sao heard it, she shook her head like a rattle.

"But if you say you can't save it, even if the kitten and puppy have been together for a long time, they still have some feelings."

At this moment, Li Sao was moved and wanted to cry.

[Lonely bald donkey, we've known each other for so long, just this human-like sentence. 】

Hearing the words, Li Chen looked up at Lonely Zen Master and asked, "Master, is there a way to solve it?"

With a troubled face on his face, Lonely Zen Master hesitated and said: "After much deliberation, there is only one way, and I have the right to try it."

"This matter has to start from the past of our empty nest monastery."

Lonely Zen Master pursed his lips, as if he didn't know how to speak.

"Yes, you have an uncle."


PS: Ten updates will be released tomorrow, waiting for everyone~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		