

[Complete the killing intent once and unlock the talent: spirit smell. 】

[Ling Sniff: Fanpin talent, your sense of smell is far more sensitive than ordinary people. 】

It has been two days since Lichen made a big fuss in Sanbao Temple.

After the conflict, Li Ge protected Li Chen Zhouquan.

Zen Master Ji Mie suddenly appeared.

Immediately fined Li Geng, after the Blood Sea Secret Realm, he was confinement for three years, during which time he was not allowed to take a single step.

As for Li'an, the culprit, he never appeared in Shasheng Temple again.

But a long time later, someone saw him fighting a wild dog for food in the Western Regions.

Back to the empty nest monastery.

The lonely Zen master didn't say anything.

Just let the two of them take the elixir and rest in peace.

Not long after, the heads and protectors of the four Buddhist monasteries were injured one after another.

The decree was issued almost at the same time.

Re-defining the supervisory duties of the Empty Nest Temple.


In two days.

Li Chen had already returned to normal.

And it was a blessing in disguise, awakening the talent 'spiritual smell'.

After going through this storm.

All the exercises he practiced have made great progress.

The moves of "Hundred Eight Troubled Prayers" have become more handy.

Because the killing intent can unlock the talent.

Li Chen is now very much looking forward to the battle.

Then collect killing intent.

After experiencing life and death in "The Art of Changing Jobs", there are faint signs of a breakthrough.

Maybe it has something to do with the Zen philosophy of Buddhism.

After Lichen went through hardships this time, his Zen wisdom has increased a lot.

There are faint signs of a breakthrough in the causal career change formula.

The "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" itself has the golden light of enlightenment triggered by the Buddhist scripture Solitaire, so the cultivation is very fast.

There are still two volumes of the Lotus Sutra that have not been borrowed.

After he has all the memories, it will not be far to break through to the third level.

The most unexpected is "Bacchanalia".

After drinking Li Ge's wine, it felt like it had been injected with chicken blood.

The speed of practice has gone up again.

Even yesterday, he broke through to the third level in one fell swoop.

The zhenqi in Li Chen's body had begun to take shape.

After he recovered from his injuries, he continued to practice.

The first to bear the brunt is the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

Walking on the road, monks often come to salute.

Since he entered the Sanbao Temple alone, his reputation began to spread like wildfire.

There are even rumors that the uncle of the obscure master wants to take him as an apprentice.

Li Chen didn't believe it.

Tibetan Scripture Pavilion.

Since the fire, it has been much cleaner.

Lichen found out the Lotus Sutra as usual.

Then in the corner of the bookshelf, I found a futon to sit on.

The last two passages are not very long.

There is the master of "Cause and Effect Changing Jobs".

Li Chen didn't bother too much.

When he closed the scriptures and was about to leave.

Suddenly, he froze in place.

His nostrils twitched.

It seems to be aware of the difference.

Ever since he awakened the talent of 'spiritual smell'.

Occasionally, you will smell odors that you have never noticed before.

like now.

A faint fragrance.

It was something he had never smelled before.

Li Chen put down the "Lotus Flower Sutra", and couldn't help but wonder where the fragrance came from.

The aroma is very light and very attractive.

Fortunately, the distribution is not wide.

Li Chen quickly identified the source of the aroma.

The row of Enlightenment Rooms in the southwest corner of the Sutra Pavilion.

The Enlightenment Room is a unique room in the Sutra Pavilion.

Because the scriptures in the Sutra Pavilion are not allowed to be taken out.

Therefore, it can only be read in the Sutra Pavilion.

Ordinary people are like Lichen. When reading, just find a futon.

But some people have requirements for the environment, or are at a critical time of comprehension.

Then the Enlightenment Room is the best choice.

There is a soundproof enchantment in the Enlightenment Room.

At the same time, there are three incense sticks in each room.

Ningshen incense is burning incense made of special flowers and herbs.

After igniting, it has the effect of calming the mind and appeasing the primordial spirit.

If there is a sudden enlightenment, there will be Ning Shenxiang to help.

That will naturally get twice the result with half the effort.

Some enlightenment rooms also provide a pot of Bodhi tea.

It is also used to temporarily increase understanding.

Of course, there are also requirements for using the Enlightenment Room.

Like the simplest one, at least one spirit stone is needed every day.

After further observation and identification from Lichen.

He found that only the second room of Enlightenment Room had fragrance.

None of the other rooms.

There is still a free wooden sign hanging on this Enlightenment Room.

The first floor of the Sutra Pavilion is full of scriptures.

There are very few monks who borrow scriptures here.

Not to mention that no one would rent a room for Enlightenment.

And where did the scent come from?

Li Chen wanted to turn around and leave.

Suddenly he glanced at the wooden sign on the Enlightenment Room again.

It occurred to him suddenly.

The chief culprit that caused the fire in the Sutra Pavilion a few days ago.

That scorching worm.

[Snake-shaped fire quality, fond of secret rooms, good at hiding, afraid of sunlight.

Wherever it passes, there is a strange fragrance. 】

There is a strange fragrance.

Could it be it?

Liao worms like secret rooms and are good at hiding.

Liaoworm has been hiding in the Buddhist scripture pavilion.

Did not show up.

If it is true, does it mean that there is a secret room in the Sutra Pavilion?

The more I think about it, the more possible it becomes.

Li Chen lowered his head and glanced at the four light-bearing stones on his waist.

And the fetter 'Buddha Light' that was activated not long ago.

[Buddha Light: All attacks have their own exorcism effect, and are immune to persistent abnormal states. 】

Is engulfed in flames considered a persistent abnormal state?

Li Chen wasn't sure either.

But still by mistake, he handed over a spirit stone to the monk on duty.

The monk on duty looked at him like he was looking at a fool.

The Enlightenment Room on the first floor of the Sutra Pavilion has always been vacant.

It was never rented.

It is understandable that you need the Enlightenment Room when you read the exercises.

You read the scriptures, and you still need the Enlightenment Room, do you have spirit stones and no place to spend them?

Li Chen received the wooden sign.

Successfully opened the Enlightenment Room.

Sure enough, I feel that the aroma is more intense.

This must be the source of the aroma.

This is the most common enlightenment room.

The room is very simple.

There was only one table and it collapsed.

The bed has pillows, a thin quilt and a futon.

If you are tired from reading, you can rest here directly.

On the small table, there is only one incense burner, three sticks of incense sticks and a fire pocket.

The incense burner is very clean, almost no incense ash.

It can be seen that no one patronizes here at all.

Li Chen didn't immediately ignite the Ningshen Incense.

Instead, lie on the bed and sniff gently.

This fragrance is very light, and it is easily washed away by the fragrance of Ningshenxiang.

Soon, Li Chen discovered that the fragrance was coming from the bed.

But Li Chen was puzzled.

The couch was made of rammed earth.

It doesn't look like a miracle from the outside.

Even if Liaoworm is good at hiding.

But the bed doesn't seem to be able to hide.

Li Chen thought for a while, then lifted the bamboo mat.

It is no different from ordinary earth rammed beds.

There was not even a single gap on the bed.

But the aroma is stronger.

The doubts in Li Chen's heart were even worse.

He thought for a while and knocked on the bed.

Boom boom boom.

There is no echo noise.

Where did the aroma come from?

Li Chen frowned.

Could it be under the bed?

He reached out and grabbed the corner of the bed.

Huh.

The bed is all rammed with special soil.

It was really heavy.

With Li Chen's tremendous force, he barely moved it away.

He wiped his sweat and looked at the place where he moved away.

Then he was stunned.

Although the bed was only moved a few centimeters by him.

But under the edge of the bed, there was a dark gap!

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		