

the other side.

Li Chen lured away all the elite Yashas led by King Yasha, and the strength of the village was greatly reduced.

Seeing that the time is ripe for parting, make a decisive decision and send out a loud arrow.

Li Ge, Li Shou, and Li Sao who were ambushing outside the cottage could no longer hold back.

Hearing the signal, he rushed to the village and joined forces with the farewell gang, causing chaos in Yesha village.

These yakshas were originally minions, only a few troublesome ones were surrendered by everyone.

In less than an hour, the Yaksha tribe who used to occupy the mountain as king in this place suddenly became tense...

Until this time, Li Chen also came late, just in time for everyone to clean up the mess.

Parting was worrying about the safety of Li Chen, when he suddenly saw a figure in the dust, he couldn't help being overjoyed: "Amitabha."

"Junior brother, you can return safely, thanks to the blessings of the Buddha."

Li Chen clasped his hands together, gave a slight salute, and said with a smile, "Thank you, brother, for your concern. Those yakshas are obsessed with profit and possessed by golems. Now they have been rescued by the little monks."

Looking at his ragged clothes, he thought he had gone through a fierce battle, and he couldn't help but feel ashamed in his heart when he parted.

Suddenly he raised his head, and took a deep look at Li Chen: "Congratulations, Junior Brother, your cultivation has improved to a higher level."

Without waiting for Li Chen to respond, a figure ran out from the cottage:

"Brother, you are finally back!"

"We're still worried about you."

Seeing that he is holding a good sword in his left hand, a treasured knife in his right hand, and a waist bag wrapped around his waist, his face is full of excitement.

The corner of Li Chen's mouth twitched: You don't seem to be worried.

Lisao also felt a little embarrassed on the whole, and couldn't help but smile awkwardly: "Senior brother is covered by the Buddha, so what can those scumbags do to you, right?"

Li Chen gave him a cold look: When you are about to give birth, you also hope to be surrounded by Buddha...

"This group of yakshas really can't help fighting."

Li Chou was covered in blood, he killed people like chopping vegetables, half of the yakshas in this village were killed by his staff.

Li Ge glanced at Li Chen, nodded slightly, and went back to collecting good things.

The monks cleaned the main hall and handed over all the gains from the cottage.

Looking at the windfall piled up into a hill, parting couldn't help but sigh with emotion: "It's true that if you survive a catastrophe, you will have a future blessing."

"This trip is worthwhile."

After he finished speaking, he glanced at the group of monks, and said slowly: "I, all the monks in Yixin Temple, can be free because of the rescue of the four junior brothers."

"So I won't take anything from Yixin Temple."

"Amitabha."

Like him, the monks of Yixin Temple clasped their hands together, obviously agreeing with this result.

It has to be said that Yixin Temple is all about people.

The items seized in Yesha's cottage include stubborn iron artifacts, alternative medicines, and a lot of sea of ​​blood materials.

Most of these are evolved from the sea of ​​blood, so each one is rare.

Counting this pile, it is also worth a lot.

Li Chen, Li Ge, Li Sorrow, and Li Sao are not easy to monopolize, after all, everyone has contributed.

I only selected some of the materials that I am interested in from this pile of materials.

Li Ge's vision was the most poisonous, and he took away a bunch of blood jade crystals silently, presumably it had something to do with the exercises he secretly practiced.

Lichou was fond of killing, so he chose some stubborn iron ore, and prepared to re-sacrifice the crescent shovel in his hand.

Lisao's exercises are inseparable from blood training, and the materials used are all related to blood, and most of them can assist in cultivation.

As for Lichen, he collected some materials, especially seeds, which should be able to survive in the rosary beads.

Li Chen has the wine recipe of red honey wine in his hand, for an alcoholic, it would be fatal if he refused the confession.

So I plan to sprinkle some flower seeds in the greedy toad rosary, and it should be able to bloom blood tang flowers for brewing red honey wine.

After each of the four took some, the remaining materials were divided among Yixin Temple.

Everyone gains a lot.

After all the materials in the hall were cleaned up, Li Chen revealed the secret that King Yaksha said.

Farewell looked shocked: "Junior brother, you mean the blood vine is behind the cottage?"

Li Chen nodded: "This is what King Yasha said before he died. If it is true or not, we will find out."

Following the route given by King Yaksha, he found a hidden mechanism.

After some complicated cracking.

Kaka~

A secret door in the backyard of the cottage suddenly opened.

What catches the eye is a thick and indissoluble fog.

Everyone was overjoyed when they saw this.

This place should be the most critical part of the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

"No wonder we couldn't find it anyway. It turned out that King Yaksha cast a blind eye."

Li Sao looked at the fog that he couldn't see through, and couldn't help but feel emotional.

But Li Chen knew that this mist was definitely not a blinding trick set up by King Yaksha, and nine out of ten it was self-generated from the blood vines.

Because the three masters and uncles of the Huizi generation also encountered fog when they came here.

At that time, no one occupied it.

I think that not long after the three masters and uncles of the obscure generation left, the Yasha clan moved here and established a cottage.

After all, it has been more than a hundred years.

It happened to be the time when the eighth generation of monks failed to make the trip.

As soon as he stepped out of the cottage, Lichen was surrounded by mist.

Three steps away, there was nothing.

According to King Yaksha's memory, Lichen kept walking forward.

Sure enough, he found blood-colored vines all over the wall. The vines spread around, and the hanging gourds could be easily seen.

This should be the equality vine without a doubt.


"This gourd seems to be able to talk, it is calling me."


Li Chen suddenly remembered the record on the stone wall of Shura Cave, so he said loudly: "The Dharma is equal, there is no superiority or inferiority. According to Buddhism, there is great compassion, and all things are equal. We only look for destiny."

"The name of this vine is 'Equality Vine'."

"Brothers, if you can hear the call of the gourd, you are destined to be able to pick the gourd."

"You just need to find that gourd, and you can pick it."

"There are three ways to pick it up, which are called 'body, method, and use'."

"You can pick it by yourself, you can use magic to pick it, or you can use a weapon to pick it. All senior brothers can try it themselves."

"But the same picking method can only pick one gourd."

"If you want to get the second one, you can only use the other two methods."


"But the so-called equality means that monks choose gourds, and gourds choose monks."

"Everything is predestined, I hope all brothers cherish the opportunity and choose carefully."

Li Chen roughly explained the records he had seen from the Asura's secret room, and the monks thanked him.

Among the monks who have the opportunity to enter this place, there are about forty people.

Most of them couldn't hear the call, and they were inevitably lost in their hearts, so they turned and left.

There are still lucky ones who change their methods and want to pick the gourd, but they can't touch the gourd body at all.

And the few remaining who could hear the call followed the sound.

There are forty-eight thousand gourds on the equality vine.

It will take a long time to listen to them one by one.

Soon all the monks dispersed, looking for their own opportunities.

Only Li Chen stood there, suddenly at a loss.

Because there seemed to be forty-eight thousand voices in his head...

PS: Thanks to the book friend Mr. Zhizun Li for the reward~Thank you

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		