

"Swastika Heart Gang".

It turns out that all the turmoil originated from this secret method.

Legend has it that the ancestor of Minghe established himself with blood, entered the Tao with killing, and comprehended the secret technique "Blood Dropping Sutra".

A drop of blood can play a variety of creatures.

From the way of killing to the way of life.

Acting as a sea of ​​blood with hundreds of millions of creatures.

Later, when the Buddha came here, he read the "Dropping Blood Sutra" by chance, and felt that this secret method was profound and unpredictable, so he retreated for seven days, and realized a unique knowledge from it, which is "Swastika Heart Gang".

Purify your mind with supreme compassion.

From no self to only me.

Known as: In the sky and on the earth, I am the only one.

Later, when the Buddha was in Nirvana, he turned his own heart into eight treasures and bestowed them on the eight dragons.

Although the eight treasures can suppress the luck of the world, what's more important is that when these eight treasures are activated by someone, they can turn into shadows again, revealing the "Swastika Heart Gang Sutra".

As long as I practice this sutra, there will be no one in the three realms who can disturb my mind, and the road will surely be smooth from now on.

And the Blood Dragon King doesn't care about the existence of this world at all, his real intention is this "Swastika Heart Gang Sutra".

Li Chen pouted, a sanctimonious thing.

First put everything on it into the bag, and then throw its body directly into the rosary of the greedy toad, which should be able to give the blood-winged black mosquito a full meal.

In the end, Lichen held up the Dinghai Pearl in mid-air, and once the Blood Dragon King died, the Dinghai Pearl would naturally belong to Lichen.

Observing closely, I can see a layer of fluorescence on the surface of the beads, and an ocean in the middle, which is currently choppy.

The eight treasures are different from magic treasures, there is no way to drive them, but they have the ability to control water.

Wow~

Suddenly he heard the sound of water breaking not far away, Li Chen knew it was the blood sea chasing soldiers, so he didn't dare to hesitate, summoned the ascetic nuclear boat and galloped towards the shore with a single thought.


Blood Sea Secret Outside.

Shasheng Temple, Daxiong Palace.

In the middle is a formation made of small blood flags, and above the formation is a dim light.

In front of the light group is an incense burner, in which a stick of high incense is burning, and the smoke curls up, which seems to reach people's wishes directly.

The three elders of the prison temple, Obscure, Obscure, and Obscure, sat quietly in front of the stove.

Behind them stood the heads of the five major Buddhist monasteries, as well as the disciples of each monastery.

Chan Master Ji Mie of Sanbao Chanyuan sighed: "I still remember that the eighth generation of us entered the secret realm but couldn't make it because of the loss of the big ship. It's a pity."

Zen master Ji Yong of Yixin Chanyuan clasped his hands together: "All predestined conditions..."

Ji Mie rolled his eyes, there was no common language.

On the contrary, Zen Master Jiyun from Shuangcheng Temple smiled and said: "Brother, he looks more like a monk than a monk from Leiyin Temple."

"You forget that none of the predecessors of the fifth and sixth generations survived.

Until the seventh generation, only four uncles and uncles survived. "

Zen Master Lonely said softly: "Perhaps our eighth generation did not go to sea, and it is also a blessing in misfortune."

"Oh, I don't know how much I can come back this time..."

As soon as these words came out, all the heads of the seat looked tense, and even Zen Master Ji Mie, who hated homework the most, began to chant scriptures silently.

At this moment, a figure flashed out of the red light group in the center of the hall.

The disciple's face was covered with blood and he was in a mess, but he was full of energy. The most important thing was that there were large and small bags on his waist.

"Break!"

After a short period of dizziness, the disciple suddenly heard someone calling his name, and his vision gradually recovered.

He hurriedly ran to Jiran and saluted with palms together: "Greetings, master, my disciple is back."

Ji Ran didn't care about the dirt on his body, hurriedly helped him up, and asked, "Where are the other senior brothers?"

"They're all behind."

As soon as the words fell, figures flashed out of the red light group one after another.

Each of them seemed to be separated. Although their bodies were dirty, everyone returned with a full load and a smile on their faces.

The rewards of this trip are not small.

In exchange for success and virtue, it would be worth three years of merit.

"Master!"


There are about 400 disciples who have entered the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

Half of them remained on this shore, and did not board the ship.

So they were the first to come out.

After about a stick of incense, fewer and fewer disciples came out.

"Is there anyone behind?"

The last disciple looked blankly at the monks in front of him.

"Go back to Master Uncle, there is no one on the shore."

"Has the brother who went to sea come back?"

Zen Master Jiran continued to ask.

The disciple's eyes faltered, and he was obviously hesitant: "That...the disciple didn't see the shadow of the big boat when he came out."

Bang~bang~bang...

Zen Master Lonely couldn't calm down, so he simply began to knock the wooden fish in front of him.

Waiting is suffering and fear.

After all, there are lessons learned from the past. Whether someone can come back is still a matter of opinion.

Ji Ran counted more than 150 disciples who came back. This number is already more than the previous generations.

He is the head of the Four Noble Temple, and the number of disciples in the Four Noble Temple is the largest. Among the more than one hundred people who came back this time, a small half are disciples who sat down by themselves.

Relatively speaking, he is the most relaxed of the five chief seats.

As for the most nervous one, it must be the Lonely Zen Master.

MD, only recruited two people in ten years, if this time...

Don't dare to think, dare not think.

Bang~bang~bang...

In the entire hall, only the sound of wooden fish with abnormal rhythm remained.

"Change the incense, ring the bell~"

The obscure Zen master at the top suddenly broke the silence of the hall.

It turned out that there was only a small stick of high-quality incense in the incense burner, which was only two fingers high.

The monks behind him left the court and generation, one for incense and one for ringing the bell.

Jingle ~ Jingle ~ Jingle ~

After shaking it three times in a row, it stopped automatically.

After about three or four breaths, the piercing bell in Li Dai's hand shook slightly.

jingle~

jingle~

jingle~

Li Dai was overjoyed immediately: "There are echoes, there are echoes, they are all still alive, they are all still alive."

The monks behind him were also very relieved, but their hearts became more and more nervous.

The opening and closing of the secret realm requires a certain amount of resources.

While beating the wooden fish, the lonely monk glanced at the red light cluster in midair.

The color of the light cluster has become dimmer than before.

Judging from this situation, the enchantment gate can last until the sun sets at most.

It was less than four hours now.


On the blood shadow ship, all the monks are still waiting.

Parting had just sensed the vibration of the piercing bell.

After about a few breaths, and shaking three times, it was a response.

Let go of the bell and look into the distance.

The blood moon is in the sky, black clouds are whimpering, and thousands of miles of waves are endless.

The waves are like countless hands, pushing the big boat to ride the wind and waves. Compared with when it came, the speed has increased by at least five times, which can be regarded as a thousand miles a day.


"Is that the shore?"

Suddenly, a disciple on the deck pointed to the front.

Sure enough, the waves were ups and downs, and a white line went from near to far, and finally hit the shore, rolling up thousands of piles of snow.

Parting squinted his eyes, it really was this shore.

Immediately looking back, the scarlet sky, the deep red sea, and the red world seemed so strange.

Youyou retracted his gaze, and it was falling on a white figure on the deck, and he couldn't help sighing in his heart: Junior brother, you must catch up.


PS: Thank you book friends for the 300 rewards for the Confucianists in the book, the book has a golden pile, and it is rare to meet a Confucianist~~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.


		