

Killing Temple, Jizen Palace.

Located on the side of Blood River Valley and Fire Cloud Ridge.

It is backed by Wuse Mountain and facing the Tibetan Scripture Pavilion.

It is far away from the five Buddhist temples of Shasheng Temple.

It is very quiet here, only three great monks practice here.

Follow the lonely Zen master step by step.

Came here in no time.

Jichan Palace is not big.

But the victory is quiet and peaceful.

Flowers and trees outside

There are formations all around.

Very secretive.

In the hall.

The obscure Zen master turned his back to the door.

Knock the wooden fish in your hand.

Hearing the footsteps of the two, he barely stopped.

He stood up and lit a stick of incense.

A streak of white gas turned into silk and rose slowly.

The obscure Zen master inserted the Buddhist incense back into the censer before turning around slowly.

It's still that old face.

His face was full of wrinkles.

There is only one pair of eyes, which seem to have a different expression.

He glanced at the two of them, and said very calmly and slowly: "You are here."

"Meet my uncle."

"Greetings to Master Uncle."

The two greeted each other.

"You don't have to be polite."

The obscure Zen master fixed his eyes on Li Chen's face, as if he could see through every inch of Li Chen's body.

"Good boy."

"When you made a big fuss in the Three Treasures Temple, the old man has already seen it."

The obscure Zen master nodded, no doubt he had figured out something.

""Hundred Eight Troubles Worship" is the true biography of the Buddha, and it is difficult for those who are not predestined to see its true meaning."

"You can get this kind of favor, you should be a person with a Buddhist association."

"I have a relationship with my Buddha."

Li Chen didn't know how to respond: "Master and uncle are too proud, this disciple is just a coincidence."

Zen Master Huimu hummed lightly: "You can stick to your heart and treat it as normal, and you have already won the Buddhist samadhi."

"The reason for calling you here this time is related to the upcoming opening of the Blood Sea Secret Realm."

After speaking, he raised his left hand empty.

A treasure gourd suddenly appeared in his hand.

The whole body of this gourd is dark, and the surface is glowing with precious light.

It is extraordinary at a glance.

Li Chen saw that this gourd looked very familiar.

It took a while to realize that this gourd seemed to be the same as the red lacquer gourd of Master Huiming's uncle.

"This gourd is a rare magic weapon in the world."

"The red gourds with Junior Brother Huiming all come from a blood vine in the Blood Sea Secret Realm."

At this time, Master Lonely suddenly realized: "I said it looks so familiar."

"It turned out to be very similar to the red lacquered gourd of Uncle Huiming."

The obscure Zen master continued: "As the name suggests, the Blood Sea Secret Realm is an ocean made of blood."

"There is a blood HLD in this ocean."

"There is a blood vine growing on the island."

"This blood vine has been rooted in the sea of ​​blood for hundreds of millions of years, its branches and leaves are luxuriant, covering the sky and the sun, and it has already become spiritual."

"It's also full of gourds."

"Each of them is unique."

"When the Blood Sea Secret Realm opened, the three of us encountered that blood vine at the same time."

"I saw gourds growing on the vines."

"So we were full of joy and each won one of them."

"When I wanted to pick the second one, I realized that I couldn't continue to pick it no matter what."

"We only found out at this time that these gourds have their own spirituality, and each person can only charge one."

"And each of these gourds has its own uniqueness, and each one is different."

"Like Junior Brother Huiming's red lacquer gourd, it can absorb all flames in the world."

"It is the nemesis of all fire cultivators in the world."

"The one in my hand is not afraid of any miasma or mist. In comparison, it is three points weaker."

"My senior brother's gourd can absorb the water of the spiritual spring, and it is inexhaustible."

"In short, the three gourds are different and have their own magic."

Lonely Chan Master pouted: "Master Uncle, such an opportunity is really enviable."

Obscure shook his head: "Oh, it's a pity that the three of us can no longer pick gourds from that blood vine."

It means that each person can only pick one gourd.

Once removed, it cannot be changed.

Hearing the disappointment in the obscure Zen master's tone, Li Chen couldn't help asking: "Is there something that my uncle needs in those gourds?"

The obscure Zen master couldn't help clasping his hands together: "Amitabha."

"You're right, but it's not what I need."

"It's what the killing temple needs."

"Saying Temple?"

Lonely Zen Master was a little puzzled.

Zen Master Huimo pointed to the Blood River Valley outside the window and asked, "Do you know where all the blood in this Blood River Valley flows?"

"The Blood Pond of the Killing Temple."

The obscure Zen master nodded: "That's right."

"It is flowing to the blood pool in the forbidden area."

"But do you know the scene in the pool of blood?"

Lonely Temple shook his head: "Please tell Master Uncle."

The obscure Zen master smiled wryly and shook his head: "I didn't want you to know this secret."

"In the forbidden area of ​​the Blood Pond in the Shasheng Temple, there are actually budding lotus flowers growing."

"It is said that these buds are all transformed by the companion blood lotus of Patriarch Styx."

"The reason why Monk Bukong chose to open his sect in the remote southern Xinjiang was because he discovered this forbidden place in the blood pool."

"Who knows that the killing temple has been guarded for thousands of years, but the buds still haven't bloomed."

"Not only that, these flower buds consume a lot of blood."

"So for so many years, the disciples of the Shasheng Temple have gone to the Shasheng Forest outside the temple to hunt blood and pour it into the Blood River Valley."

"The purpose is to maintain the growth of these lotus flowers."

Li Chen's face was full of shock: It turned out that the entire Shasheng Temple poured blood into the Blood River Valley every day, and it turned out to be for a lotus.

"Could it be that this lotus is really transformed by the companion blood lotus of Patriarch Styx?"

The obscure elder continued noncommittally: "Until a hundred years ago, I entered the Void Building and met Young Master Void by chance."

The Void Building has always been a very mysterious existence in the cultivation world.

Nowhere.

Regardless of time.

It may appear in any corner of the world, waiting for someone who is destined to enter.

"Master Xukong is a strange man in the world.

Proficient in a secret technique that knows all things. "

"So I offered my treasure and asked about it, and finally found out the truth."

"The reason why those blood lotus buds don't bloom is because these lotus seeds are missing a key thing."

Lonely Zen Master and Li Chen looked at each other.

They asked in unison, "What is it?"

The obscure Zen master pondered and said: "The red lotus karma fire."

"flame?"

"That's right."

"The blood lotus must be in the burning red lotus fire to bloom and produce lotus seeds."

The red lotus karmic fire is the karmic fire of hell, the fire of the coldest, and the fire of the darkest.

Cathode and fire phase.

The blood lotus and the karmic fire are born together, which is really weird.

"Could it be...the red lotus fire is in a certain gourd?"

Li Chen said suddenly.

The obscure Zen master nodded: "Not bad."

Among the thousands of gourds.

There is indeed a gourd that can release the red lotus fire.

But the three Zen Masters have already picked gourds.

So it will never be possible to pick any gourds from that blood vine again.

"I summon you this time because I want you to find the gourd that contains the red lotus fire."

Li Chen looked confused: "But... I can't tell which gourd has the red lotus fire."

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		