

Li Chen has two purposes at once.

The Mirror of Interpretation of Words flashed, covering the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" again.

I saw the scriptures shining brightly.

There is also a lot more text.

[I finally remembered the name of this scripture - "Prajna Heart Sutra". 】

You just remembered.

[Wait, what's the first sentence? 】

Li Chen: ...

I am Nima.

You are such a forgetful thing.

Where did you get the confidence to touch the Buddhist scriptures? !

With that in mind, he replied on the Interpretation Mirror.

【Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva, if you practice the deep Prajna Paramita for a long time, you will see that all the five aggregates are empty, and you will overcome all hardships. 】

[Yes, yes, this is the sentence! 】

At this time, something magical happened.

There was a gleam of golden light on the scriptures, which penetrated directly into Li Chen's body.

Li Chen only felt his mind cleared up.

A warm feeling suddenly appeared in his body, and it has already circulated in all limbs and bones in an instant.

Immediately afterwards, the bones cracked.

Muscles, fascia, and blood trembled slightly.

The golden light of enlightenment lasted for about a stick of incense.

At this time, a flash in the mirror of Xieyu.

The "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has forgotten the words again.

['Shariputra, is the empty phase of all dharmas']

['Shariputra, is the empty phase of all dharmas']

['Shariputra, is the empty phase of all dharmas']


Li Chen was almost speechless.

With this memory, who gave me the courage to recite Buddhist scriptures?

【‘It is neither born nor destroyed, neither dirty nor clean, neither increasing nor decreasing. ’]


[Status 2: Sutra Solitaire is successful, there is a chance to trigger the 'Golden Light of Enlightenment', which greatly increases the speed of cultivation. 】

Enlightenment golden light is not easy to trigger.

But every time it is triggered, it can withstand a day of penance from Lichen.

In just a few hours, Li Chen had already triggered it three or four times.

With this speed of cultivation, it won't take long to reach the first stage.

【"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra"

Level: Elementary Soul

Personality: forgetful

Hobbies: reciting Buddhist scriptures

State 1: When recalling Buddhist scriptures, I have no intention of practicing, and the speed is extremely slow.

State 2: When Sutra Solitaire is successful, it will release the golden light of enlightenment, and practice very fast.

Description: neither birth nor death, neither dirty nor clean, neither increase nor decrease.

In Solitaire...]


Li Chen opened his eyes and let out a long sigh of relief.

There seems to be a majestic force coming out between raising hands and feet.

Just a few hours.

The strength actually increased a lot.

Originally, it could only be considered a thin body.

Now there is a prototype of the line.

It looks like a faint explosion.

It's a great feeling!

Before you know it, the sun has set.

Li Chen stretched.

Body crackling.

After tidying up, he left the meditation room and passed through the main hall in the middle.

Walk slowly all the way along the trail with few people, and soon you will come to the mountain behind the Shasheng Temple - Wuse Mountain.

There is fog on the mountain all year round, and the wind will not disperse.

Standing at the foot of the mountain, there is a vast expanse of whiteness.

Hence the name 'Colorless'.

The colorless mountain has undulating peaks, steep and straight.

At this time night fell.

The disciples of the Shasheng Temple seldom come and go here.

Entering this mountain, there is no tranquility.

Standing on the mountainside and looking down.

But you can see the panorama of Shasheng Temple.

The five major Buddhist temples are guarded.

Gongde Hall, Huoyun Ridge, Blood River Valley, Sutra Library...

row upon row.

From a distance, it looks quite majestic.

According to legend, thousands of years ago, Shasheng Temple once stood on the top of ten thousand sects.

With the Xuanjing Division, one south and one north, they are divided into courts.

Later, Monk Bukong disappeared and the Shasheng Temple lost its shelter, so he began to hide his strength and hide his edge.

Now it's a corner.

It's a bit like a beast secretly accumulating strength.

You never know when you will choose someone to eat.

Among the ups and downs, there is a Four Yun Pavilion.

From a distance, he saw a figure standing in the small pavilion.

Taking a closer look, it really is the parting brother.

At this time, he was in the pavilion, stopping and looking from afar.

The back looks a little lonely.

Hearing footsteps suddenly, parting turned around.

Seeing that it was Li Chen who came, he couldn't wait to greet him, with tears of excitement in his eyes: "Three years and three years, three years and three years, you are finally here!"

Li Chen's face was full of shock, has been undercover for almost nine years?

He was just curious, Shasheng Temple was so downcast.

What are you still thinking about?

"Brother, you have worked hard!"

In a word, the bitterness and grievance in parting heart were completely ignited.

One by one flashed through my mind like a slideshow.

【Born with roots of wisdom, shouldering the mission. 】

[Bear the humiliation and become an undercover agent. 】

[Eight years have passed, and there has been no news. 】

[Difficulty, bitterness, poverty and loneliness. 】


Li Chen couldn't help taking a breath.

This is no wonder parting emotional out of control.

It is really that the old club behind him is too unreliable.

Three years and three years, three years and three years.

They have become the chief of the ninth generation of the Shasho Temple, and it is unknown if they drag on and become the abbot of the Shasho Temple.

The old club is somewhat unreliable.

"Is Master Ruhua in Bailu Temple all right? Did you send a message?"

Li Chen: ...

You haven't seen the brothers in the division for almost ten years.

Ask a teacher when you meet.

Is this really good?

[Ruhua, you and I agreed to return to vulgarity at eighteen.

Now I am trapped in the killing temple, will you still wait for me? 】

Li Chen saw what parting was thinking, the corner of his mouth twitched:

Master Ruhua, everything is fine.

It's just that the beard grows faster.

It might be bigger than his.

Will he be happy?

Parting was only eight or nine years old when he came to Shasheng Temple as an undercover agent.

Children who are eight or nine years old have not yet laid a solid foundation in Buddhism.

It is also understandable that the six roots are not clean.

But this Bailu Temple sounds vaguely familiar.

Maybe it has something to do with the sect behind the parting.

Li Chen didn't dare to speak too much, as it was easy to be exposed.

So...he plans to play big.

The script kills Infernal Affairs!

Anti-customer first.

"Brother, you have worked hard."

"I haven't contacted you for so long because..."

"...the division has changed!"

Sure enough, when he heard the words of parting, his face was scorched, and he hurriedly asked: "My master is all sad that the monk died?"

[Impossible, only he knows about my being an undercover agent. 】

I just remembered your master, isn't it a bit late?

But Li Chen didn't know whether he was dead or alive, but if he didn't contact the undercover agent for so long, if he wasn't dead, then he was simply bad.

"Uh, Master Jie Bei is not in good condition, but the Buddha hasn't picked him up to go to the Western Paradise."

Nodding partingly: "My Daci'en Temple is a treasure temple for protecting the country. Is it possible that some people dare to get their hands on one or two things?"

It turned out to be the Great Mercy Temple!

No wonder Bailuan sounds so familiar.

The nunnery and the monk's temple belong to the Samana, and share weal and woe.

Faith and believers are also the same.

So generally speaking, the distance between the two is often not far.

Bailu nunnery is right next to Daci'en Temple.

Da Ci'en Temple has the inheritance of Medicine Buddha.

It is one of the three famous temples in the world.

The monks in the temple rejuvenated with wonderful hands, and once saved the current queen mother.

It was named a treasure temple for protecting the country by the emperor of Zhou.

Indeed, no one dares to be presumptuous.

But Li Chen did the opposite, and sighed: "Brother, there are spies in the sect!"

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		