

The soul of Yasha King has been lost, so it is natural for him to die.

And his luggage became ownerless.

Of course, Li Chen would not be polite, and picked up the buckle on King Yaksha's waist.

This ring is made of a piece of blood jade, the whole body is transparent, the texture is high-quality, and the surface is faintly engraved with dark lines, presumably it is the storage package of King Yaksha.

Separated a ray of divine sense to enter, Li Chen was happy.

I didn't expect the internal space of this buckle to be so large.

In addition to some daily consumption, pills, and armor, there are also wine jars stacked into hills.

Leaving other things aside, this pile of wine alone is enough for him to drink freely for more than half a year.

At this time, just as the powerful enemy was retreating, Li Chen no longer suppressed the zhenqi in his body.

First took out a jar of red honey wine from Yuhuan, opened the mud seal, lifted it up and drank it.

The red honey wine tastes sweet and mellow, with a lingering aftertaste in the mouth, which not only quenches thirst but also satiates gluttony.

For Li Chen, this was a great enjoyment.

["Bacchus" binge drinking red honey wine, entering the state of "speech the truth after drinking", and the true energy is running crazily. 】

The wine enters from the mouth, passes through the long rope, and falls into the Tianchi Lake. It is full of breath, like entering the clouds.

True Qi mixed with alcohol, turned into jade liquid and fine nectar, flowed along the meridians around the whole body, passed through the entrance in a blink of an eye, and broke through the fourth realm.

After the zhenqi passed through the porch, not only did it not calm down, but it took advantage of the momentum to speed up by three points.

At an extremely fast speed, it circulated for several weeks.

Li Chen only felt that the zhenqi was rolling in, like silver and mercury falling for nine days, and it was unstoppable.

The skills he practiced are special, and the power will be three points better than before when it is deepened with fine wine.

What's more, red honey wine is still an extremely rare fine wine. After breaking through "Bacchus", he still couldn't calm down, and even rushed to the fifth entrance.

Li Chen hurriedly stabilized his mind, and took out another jar of red honey wine.

"Bacchanalia" is good for everything, but it's a bit of a waste of alcohol, and drinking is more effective than sitting in meditation.

Gudong Gudong.

Another jar of fine wine fell into my bosom.

The body is full of wine, and the sincerity is stronger.

Qi and blood surged all over his body, emptying out like turbid waves.

Qi, alcohol, and blood are all in one place, regardless of you and me.

With an invincible momentum, he rushed to the entrance in one fell swoop.

Its momentum is like a broken bamboo, unstoppable!

Fifth stage, breakthrough!

Up to this moment, the zhenqi in Lichen's body was still lingering, with momentum.

Before he entered the secret realm of the sea of ​​blood, "Bacchus" had a faint intention of breaking through.

After that, more suppression was added to solidify the foundation.

At this time, it is enough to break through two layers.

It should be known that "if the roots are solid, they will grow, and if the roots are deep, they will last forever." If you continue to break through, it is inevitable that the foundation will be unstable.

Thinking of this, Li Chen made it.

True Qi circulated in the body for four or five weeks before it gradually slowed down.

Like a century-old jade brew, it is full-bodied and clear, shining with divine light, exuding vitality.

Li Chen suppressed his impulse secretly, only hoping to wait a few more days, lay a solid foundation, and then make a breakthrough.

Breaking through two realms one after another, Li Chen was naturally in a good mood.

Slightly circulating the zhenqi, there seemed to be waves on the body, moving slowly.

When you are full of energy, you will inevitably have a vastness in your heart.

Can't help but scream into the distance.

All of a sudden, flocks of birds were flying, and thousands of beasts fell to the ground.

Even the soul of King Yaksha behind him was shocked.

The true meaning of this son can shake the soul.

But how can the disaster of killing one's body be stopped, and in a blink of an eye, his face is full of unwillingness and anger, wishing to eat Li Chen alive.

Li Chen sneered, and didn't think about it: "Poor carefree half-life, but entered the hell of Abi."

go you~

[Yasha King was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】


Looking at the corpses all over the ground, it can't be wasted.

The blood-winged black mosquito showed many clones from the rosary.

Needless to say, these mosquito clones began to suck the essence and blood of Yasha.

It's just that the cultivation base of the blood-winged black mosquito has been greatly reduced, and its feeding is really slow.


[Yasha King couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a top-level killing secret technique "Dividing Water". 】

"Splitting Water" is a long weapon training method. It is said that when practicing, it can separate sea water, which is extremely fierce.

It is just suitable for the practice of leaving sorrow.

[Yasha King couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a top-level secret method of condensing the gang "The Fire of Karma". 】

Cursed secret? !

The best of the earth? !

Li Chen was taken aback.

As expected of the King of Yaksha, he started bursting with good things as soon as he entered.

After reaching the innate realm, one can condense the body-protecting energy, which is also called innate training.

The stellar qi is formed, each has its own wonders, some are good at attacking, some are good at defending, some are imitating beasts, and some are pictorial.

But the method of condensing the gang needed is extremely rare, and most of them can only be learned by the true disciples of the sect.

For example, there are only a few copies of Shasheng Temple's thousands of years of experience, and the highest-grade "Blood Mist Hidden Truth" has only just entered the ground level.

But Yasha King's "The Fire of Karma" is the best of the earth.

It is a treasure handed down from generation to generation by this Yaksha tribe, and it is also one of the foundations for Yaksha to gain a foothold.

But to condense the stellar energy, various materials are needed.

"Ye Huo Mi Tian" is the best of the earth, and the materials needed are even more rare.

In addition to twelve kinds of rare materials, one kind of fire from heaven and earth is also needed as the main material.

King Yasha searched hard for many years, and had already collected all twelve kinds of rare materials, but he couldn't find this strange fire.

This time he captured so many monks and wanted to offer sacrifices to the Blood Sea Dragon King in exchange for a wisp of 'Dragon Blood Heart Flame' in the Blood Sea Dragon Palace.

This dragon blood heart inflammation is the most precious treasure of the Dragon Palace.

Legend has it that when the old dragon died, he collected the essence of flesh and blood from his whole body and ignited a ray of fire in his heart.

This fire has the power of the ancestor dragon, the power of starting a prairie fire, it is not afraid of floods, sand and stones, and it is extremely powerful.

If the Yasha king condenses his energy with this fire, he will be able to revive the majesty of the Yasha clan.

It's a pity that Lichen is cheaper now.

He has the Infernal Hell Fire and the Jade Phosphor Spirit Fire on his body, both of which can be used as fire seeds.

[Yasha King couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a method of courting women "like glue like paint". 】

The truth is a blind spot of knowledge, collection.

[Yasha King couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a high-level footwork "Treading the Waves". 】

Treading waves, dividing water?

Thinking of King Yaksha's footwork and axemanship, the two seem to have complementary subtleties.

Even Li Chen almost lost his way when he asked for the Buddha's body method to be close to him.

At that time, handing it over to Lichou will definitely increase his strength greatly.


[Yasha King couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a low-level body training method "Arabian Nights". 】

Um?

interesting.

Yasha's exercises are obviously systematic.

This "Arabian Nights" seems to correspond to "The Fire of Karma".

Maybe it can be used as a reference in the future.

[Yasha King couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and confessed a secret. 】

Li Chen took a look, and couldn't help laughing.

It's really hard to find a place to go through iron shoes, and it doesn't take much effort to get it.

It turns out that the Yaksha tribe used to be attached to the Asura tribe, and at their disposal, guarded a secret place here.

But hundreds of years ago, the Asura clan was fed by blood-winged black mosquitoes, and suddenly they lost their voices.

But the Yaksha tribe is still guarding here.

But from King Yaksha's confession, it is known that the secret place they guarded is covered with blood vines, and gourds are hung on the vines...

PS: Thanks to the book friends for being very vq, I was the reward of Hoe He~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		