

The monk seemed to be still in a dream.

I just felt a sudden shock between my chest and abdomen.

The body has been thrown away like a rag bag.

Only one move.

The entire martial arts arena was instantly silent.

Needle drop can be heard!

["Hundred Eight Trouble Worship" defeats an enemy, the mood is relaxed, and the consumption of all moves is reduced. 】


Li Geng, the monk in the middle of the plum blossom formation, frowned, and finally had a serious look in his eyes.

The monk just now was a stick monk of Sanbao Temple.

Although the qualifications are average.

But the one-hand stick technique is very solid.

Unexpectedly, he was defeated with only one move.

He has already investigated Li Chen's information.

Barely passed the blood test and joined the empty nest monastery.

It's only been two months since I practiced in the Shasheng Temple.

I didn't expect to grow to this extent in such a short time.

Really surprising.

Thinking of this, Li Geng winked at the crowd.

Soon, another monk with a Jie knife came forward.

"Amitabha, who dares to act wild in the Three Treasures Temple!"

After finishing speaking, the sword in his hand was brightened.

Then he stabbed straight at Lichen.

Lichen made a slight mistake at his feet.

Sink your shoulders and turn your body.

It was a feint.

Just passed the opponent's blade.

[Fake successfully, the next attack will be a critical strike. 】

Lichen felt happy.

It turned out to be the passive effect of 'will enter the wine'.

That disciple was obviously stronger than the stick monk just now.

If a move is missed, it immediately turns a stab into a sweep.

The long knife is sharp and sharp.

Li Chen is highly skilled and bold.

Standing between the vertical and horizontal, the face does not change color.

The feet do not retreat but advance.

Launched a palm like lightning.

"Two thanks!"

This palm is also a change in "Greedy One Style".

Just printed on the opponent's waist.

The monk was surprised at first: what a weird move.

But he didn't care much about it.

Because acquired warriors have roots under their feet.

All the power is in the waist.

How could he be timid with such a light palm.

He didn't know that this palm looked like a breeze blowing willows, but it was actually soft and firm.

Palm spat lightly.

Qi Jin surged out.

It was too late when the monk felt something was wrong.

I just felt as if my waist had been hit by a mountain.

Seven points of his strength disappeared immediately.

boom!

In the next second, he was already in mid-air.

There was only one thought left in my mind: how did I fly?

bang~

The monk flew straight for three or four feet before landing.

He passed out when he landed.

There was an uproar in the martial arts arena.

Another move!

The first person just now can be said to have won by luck.

The same is true for the second person, which is really unacceptable.

Not to mention them, even Li Chen himself was surprised.

Although he knows one hundred and eight changes of "Greedy Style".

None of them are simple.

But I didn't expect it to be so powerful in combination with the critical attack of "Will Enter the Wine".

Not far away, Li Geng walked down the plum blossom pile, and at some point his face was full of seriousness:

"Take refuge in the Triple Treasure Formation!"

He ordered.

Then three monks came out in formation.

One knife, one stick, one whip.

The three stood in their respective positions and slowly drew a circle.

Surrounded by the three of them, Li Chen couldn't help frowning.

Taking refuge in the Three Jewels Formation is the foundation of the formation of the Three Jewels Temple.

Three people each hold weapons to form a formation.

It can not only give full play to the advantages of weapons.

can also redeem each other.

Li Chen had heard about this formation, so he didn't dare to take it lightly.

During this period of time, he 'studied' the Lotus Sutra.

It often triggers the "Golden Light of Enlightenment" in "The Secret of Karma and Transformation".

Increase the Buddhist Association.

Therefore, the five senses have improved a lot.

Huh~

The wind blows in the back of your head.

The long stick does my part.

Li Chen was about to get out of the way.

But he saw Jie Dao sweeping from left to right.

At the moment, we have to change our tactics again.

Let go of the long knife and melt away the shadow of the stick.

But who knows that the nine-section whip has already gained momentum.

Like a poisonous snake, it sprinted towards Li Chen's face.

In desperation, Li Chen suddenly stretched out in the air.

It's just the pretence of going into the wine.

Sticks, knives, and whips were all in vain.

Li Chen felt ruthless, and took advantage of their old moves, to strike first.

Three thanks!

"Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" has one hundred and eight forms.

Greed, hatred, and ignorance each have thirty-six forms.

Each formula has one hundred and eight changes.

There are tens of thousands of tricks alone.

What Lichen used was exactly a change in "Greedy Style".

This palm fits all.

With a slight spit of palm force, it seemed to turn into a raging tide.

The three of them only felt a huge wave descending from the sky.

Bang!

They were overturned to the ground at the same time.

But compared to the previous two.

Fortunately, the three of them did not faint.

They just clutched their chests one after another, blood was already dripping from the corners of their mouths.

It was obviously injured by the huge palm force.

Li Chen exhaled a foul breath.

He didn't take it easy with this palm.

Hundred and eight troubles, gradually progressing.

It was only the third prayer, and I already felt full of depression and had nowhere to vent.

["Hundred Eight Trouble Prayers" defeats the opponent, the mood is good, and the killing intent is triggered. 】

[In this state, the move comes with killing intent, and its power is greatly increased. 】

Huh~

I don't know why Li Chen calmed down instead.

Li Geng, who was not far away, swallowed a mouthful of saliva with difficulty.

A trace of panic flashed inadvertently in his eyes.

You can fight, I admit it.

What does it mean to only make one move every time.

I don't want to lose face?

All right.

He gritted his teeth: "Learn the scriptures!"

Li Chen was taken aback.

Can't help but be shocked.

Sutra learning array, full name: holy monk learning scripture array.

It is said that thousands of years ago, a holy monk went to the west to obtain the scriptures from the Great Zhou Dynasty.

After going through all kinds of difficulties and dangers, he finally obtained the scriptures and returned to Dazhou.

The holy monk was successful in his practice, so he created a unique study "Journey to the West: The Legend of Shi'er" based on what he had realized all his life.

This technique is extremely mysterious, and it uses thousands of clones to fight against the enemy.

Each of the avatars uses different exercises.

Each avatar gathers the power of all avatars.

As long as you are hit by any one of them, you will bear the attack effect of all clones.

Once hit, it is inevitable to be smashed to pieces.

But the threshold for comprehension of this technique is extremely high.

You must ask about the realm before you can use the supernatural powers of the incarnation outside your body.

Therefore, looking at the entire practice world, very few people have practiced it.

Later, Monk Bukong learned the "Wujian Sealing Method", and penetrated the mystery of it with the method of entering the gap without gaps.

So he created this "Sage Monk Learning Formation".

significantly lower the threshold.

At least four people are required to practice together.

And the four must have the same mind.

Use a "learning from the stick method".

When forming an formation, every move must be exactly the same.

Just be hit by one of them.

It is necessary to bear all the attacks of four people.

That is quadruple attack.

If it is hit by two people at the same time, it will be an eight times attack.

and so on.

If they were hit by three people at the same time, they would have to bear twelve times the attack.

And the scariest thing was being hit by four people at the same time.

Then, on the basis of withstanding sixteen times the attack, he would have to bear the 'tightening spell' again.

The tight spell can imprison the primordial spirit, once hit, it will cause a splitting headache.

In a short period of time, there is no strength to fight back, and they can only be slaughtered.

I have to say that Monk Bukong is a genius.

Li Chen did not expect that in the whole world, he could really find four like-minded people.

These four monks each hold a long stick and look exactly alike.

It turned out to be quadruplet brothers.

"Li Gong."

"Lixi."

"Leave."

"Leave money."

"Please teach me more."

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		