

Travel through the universe and know the secrets of the world.

This is a pair of couplets on the empty building.

The first half of the sentence is because the Kongkong Tower obtained the "Void Sealing Method" from Bodhidharma's Six Paths, so it can travel freely in the Kyushu and the eight wildernesses.

But the second half of the sentence is because the Void Tower can know the secrets of the world, point out the maze, and attract people all over the world to worship.

While Li Chen was thinking to himself, a light flashed in the mirror of interpretation.

["Grand View Sutra" sensed the fire of the red lotus, and unlocked the tattoo: Lotus Falling]

【Lotus falls (lao)

Lotus shape.

Visualizing red lotus karmic fire can imprint tattoos.

Tattoo location: soles, tongue

Effect:

1. Growing lotus every step of the way: the position of the feet.

When fighting, every time you take a step, a hidden red lotus fire will be released on the bottom of your feet. At least five steps can form a lotus formation.

The lotus array comes with a 'cold' state, which will cause slowing and defense breaking effects on targets entering the range.

2. Brilliant Tongue Lotus Flower: The position of the tongue can emit the sound wave of "breaking barriers" to remove the negative effects of illusion and spirit on the target.

Description 1: It's okay, you take two steps.

Description 2: flamboyant and lovable. 】

I didn't expect that.

This can actually unlock tattoo designs!

And it can be tattooed in two places, the soles of the feet and the tongue.

The 'step by step lotus' on the soles of the feet is a proper killing technique, a bit like a hunter's trap.

One lotus flower per step, five steps can form the 'Lotus Falling' formation, and the lotus flower will take root, invisible to the naked eye.

After that, when encountering a strong person, one has to take a few more steps, and then lead the opponent into the formation.

The red lotus karma fire is the coldest flame, which can release endless chill, so when entering the lotus flower fall, the 'cold' state will appear.

As for the position of the tongue, "Tongue Cannon Lotus" is a genuine ability to release control, which is a must for high-end players.

Regardless of the power of the Red Lotus Karma Fire, the two tattoos at this time alone have far exceeded Li Chen's expectations.

At this moment, I put all my thoughts behind me, and I can't help but look forward to the next fairy gourd.

Walking back for tens of meters, I saw a gourd glowing with spiritual light on the blood vine in front, which is extraordinary at first sight.

As for the gourd, a monk had been established earlier, and now he was frowning, as if he didn't know how to pick it.

"Brother, did you find the calling gourd?"

This monk is none other than the farewell of the first nine generations of Shasheng Temple.

Seeing that it was Li Chen when he parted, his eyebrows relaxed, and he sighed: "I found it, but I don't know how to pick it off."

While speaking, he stretched out his palm and grabbed the gourd, but the gourd suddenly transformed into a wave, and the palm passed through a layer of phantom.

Parting and turning around, suddenly clasped his hands together and saluted: "Junior brother, you are always resourceful, make a decision for senior brother, body, method, and use which one is available."

Li Chen looked intently, and took a closer look at the gourd.

[Multiple gourd: Spiritual product.

It can hear the wind and noise around the body, secrets and whispers among various people, so it is called multi-hearing.

Extraction conditions:

It is necessary to use the superior sound wave method to arouse the resonance of the gourd before it can be picked off. 】

Li Chen knew it well, and pretended to go forward to observe it carefully, so he asked: "Brother, what tone is this gourd summoning?"

Parting scratched his scalp, and said in embarrassment: "This gourd is also strange, it's just a 'hush' sound."

"Could it be that you look down on the poor monk?"

Li Chen laughed: "Brother, I don't think so, the spiritual light on this gourd is concentrated, like sound waves filling the ears."

"Yixin Temple is famous for its calming sound waves. Brother, why don't you try the secret method of sound waves on this gourd?"

The sonic secret technique occupies the word 'fa' in 'body, law, and use'.

Hearing the words of parting, he was overjoyed: "Junior brother is worthy of being a junior brother, a word to wake up the dreamer."

He is the first of the nine generations, he has his own secret method inheritance, and he starts to chant scriptures to the gourd...

Li Chen didn't bother too much, and continued to walk forward.

The bristling bristles can't even be seen clearly unless you look carefully, but the efficiency is really high.

Soon Li Chen found the second fairy gourd on the blood vine.

Cosmic stars appear on the body of the gourd, and the dots of stars appear and disappear, which are extraordinary.

[Evening Gourd: Immortal Grade.

Feeling that the sun and the moon are long in the gourd, He Xin dreams of Baiyun Township.

The gourd forms the Dao of Time, and the flow of time changes. The gourd flickers for half a moment, and then for another half a year.

A moment can last ten thousand years, so it is called the gourd for a moment.

Extraction conditions: It can only be extracted by means of avenues equal to time and space. 】

Li Chen was taken aback, a great way?

Picking the gourd three methods 'body, method, and use', I have used the Infernal Hellfire before, occupying a 'method'.

Next, only one of 'body' and 'use' can be used.

His body is the body of Xutuopan, which has nothing in all four elements, but it has nothing to do with time and space.

Then there is only one word 'use' left.

Li Chen's learning is extraordinary, most of them are empty-handed exercises, so he doesn't have many magic weapons, only Tanchan's rosary has the power of space.

The origin of this greedy toad rosary cannot be studied, but the hidden "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" was created by the Tathagata Buddha himself, and its power is extraordinary.

Could it be that it should be on Tanchan's rosary?

The more Li Chen thought about it, the more he felt it was possible, so he picked up a rosary bead with his thumb and middle finger, secretly channeling the strength of the dragon and elephant.

Bass~ Aw~

The dragon chant sounded, and the rosary shot away, just hitting the stalk of the gourd.

hum~

The gleam of light shone, the rustle flowed, and the mysterious night fell in panic. In an instant, the imprint of starlight jumped out of the gourd, and the gourd turned into dots of star silk, uniting with Li Chen's mind and spirit.

The innate magic weapon, knowing the master on the ground, Lichen's body is certain, and the usage of this gourd has already appeared in his mind.

The gourd appeared in the hand, shimmering, quite agile.

This gourd has the supernatural power of Time Dao, and the flow of time is different. The gourd is shaken for half a quarter, and then half a year.

A moment of time, a long time, every breath, white clouds and dogs.

Li Chen was stunned: Does it mean that the future wine can be stored in cellar...

With a thought in mind, he took out a jar of ordinary spirits from the space. These were prepared by Li Chen when he entered the secret realm of the sea of ​​blood. There are about thirty or forty jars left.

With the gourd in his left hand, aim at the spirits, and silently say "receive" in his heart, the wine jar is empty.

I sank into my mind for a moment, and sure enough, in the starlight, a ball of wine was floating by itself.

With a flick of Li Chen's hand, the sky filled with starlight sank into the wine, and the pot of sun and moon changed into a new look.

The wine was sparkling, but nothing strange could be seen.

But Li Chen flickered again, this time the sky and the earth spun, and the stars shifted.

shake again~


Li Chen didn't know how many times he shook it, but the unicorn arm of his left hand was numb anyway.

Entering it again, the strong aroma of wine hits the nostrils, and the mellow breath refreshes the heart.

The originally extremely ordinary spirits seemed to have been cellared for several years.

At this time, the stars in the sky and the fine wine on the ground are like a bay of soft beauty, melting into a fairyland in a dream.

It is just that when the golden wind and jade dew meet, they will win but there are countless people in the world.

With just a few shakes, you can turn decay into magic, seize the good fortune of the avenue, taste the taste of wine from the dust, and be full of joy: this wine should only be drunk by gods~

Gathering his mind, he poured all the wine into the gourd casually, forming two streams of water, one white and one red in mid-air.

Against the backdrop of the starlight, it was shimmering and blushing unpredictable.

PS: Thank you book friend Depresseding for the 2000 tip~ Is that you?

PS: Thank you Qi丨, book friend 20210805074632705, book friend 20210301105351544682, three beauties for their rewards~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.


		