

Then Li Chen asked some questions about Buddhist scriptures.

Among them is the new Buddhist sutra Solitaire in "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

Parting knew that Li Chen was just a lay disciple before coming to Shasheng Temple, and knew very little about Buddhist scriptures.

Immediately answered one by one, without half a reservation.

Farewell is indeed a walking Tibetan scripture pavilion.

Li Chen only recited one sentence, and parting had already told the location of the Lotus Sutra.

The two exchanged a few more pleasantries before leaving.

But when I thought of going to the Tibetan Scripture Pavilion.

I can't help feeling a little apprehensive in my heart.

Others may not know.

But he is clear.

The fire in the Sutra Pavilion is a green phosphorus fire.

Although the uncle of the dark master took away the flames.

But that scorching worm is good at hiding, and it may still be hiding in a corner of the Buddhist scriptures pavilion.

Maybe when the flames will be released again, then I will really suffer.

So before going to the Sutra Pavilion, I had to make some preparations.

Just thinking like this, I have already arrived at the entrance of the Hall of Merit without knowing it.

Since the elders of the prison temple issued three decrees.

The Hall of Merit was even more lively.

Everyone wants to take advantage of this time.

Squeeze a wave of wool from the killing temple.

With great difficulty, Li Chen squeezed his way to the Jade Bi of Merit.

Good guy.

Li Chen called him a good guy.

As expected, the exchange conditions on the Merit Jade Bib dropped a lot.

Needless to say, the few inherited exercises at the top.

Let’s just say that the most common Huaxue Pill originally had five merits and one grain.

Now three merits can be exchanged for one grain.

The blood knife used by Li Ge can be exchanged for only two hundred merit points.

It's just that Li Chen looked at his poor forty points of merit, and was a little speechless.

But his eyes swept down to the bottom.

Except Huaxue Pill.

They are often used by some acquired disciples.

Suddenly Li Chen's eyes lit up.

[Light-containing stone: It can store the sunlight during the day and use it for lighting at night. 】

Save daylight!

This reminded him of the introduction of 'Liao Worm'.

'Snake-shaped fire quality, fond of narrow rooms, good at hiding, afraid of sunlight. '

Afraid of the sun.

It happened to be restrained by the light-containing stone.

Looking at the price, only ten merit points are needed.

Li Chen immediately bought four yuan.

This thing hangs on the body for insurance.

Look at the empty merit points.

Turning around, he picked three missions on the periphery of the Killing Forest on the other side.

After registering with Uncle Ji Jing, he left contentedly.

the next day.

Li Chen came to the Buddhist scripture pavilion.

He hung four light-bearing stones around his waist.

It's not very obvious during the day.

With these four light-containing stones as the base.

Li Chen felt much more at ease.

Since the Sutra Pavilion caught fire.

There are even fewer monks who come to the first floor to read scriptures.

Li Chen was in the position according to parting.

Come to the third row of the word 'jing', the second bookshelf.

Sure enough, on the top layer, the first book is the Lotus Sutra.

It's just that the Lotus Sutra has seven volumes and twenty-eight chapters.

This is not comparable to the hundreds of words in the "Prajna Heart Sutra".

Knowing that he was powerless, Li Chen decisively summoned the Interpretation Mirror.

【I am the Lotus Sutra. 】

Sure enough.

The Speech Mirror can only channel items that have channeling potential.

Although this "Lotus Sutra" records Mahayana Buddhism, it is just ordinary material and has no psychic potential.

Li Chen couldn't help crying secretly.

But after thinking about it, although Xie Yujing couldn't help himself.

But "Karma Changing Jobs" is a high-level spiritual wisdom.

And the personality is still a bully.

I don't know if I can quickly memorize Buddhist scriptures.

Li Chen just gave it a popularization of the three laws of force yesterday.

Still in a state of bewilderment.

When it sees the scriptures of the Lotus Sutra.

Immediately came to the spirit.

Finally found the field that Lao Tzu is good at.

Recite Buddhist scriptures?

It doesn't matter if you have hands.

Seeing this, Li Chen was overjoyed: Sure enough, there is something going on.

So I picked up the first volume of "Preface", found a futon and started to read it.

["The Art of Changing Career by Cause and Effect" began to read the scriptures, and I was in a very happy mood, unlocking my personality: Seeking Buddha:. 】

[Seeking Buddha: I like to study Buddhist classics. 】

[Status 2: When studying Buddhist scriptures, with a photographic memory, there is a chance to trigger the 'Golden Light of Enlightenment' and increase the root of wisdom. 】

Growth Huigen? !

Li Chen was overjoyed.

The root of wisdom, like the spiritual root of Taoism, is the key to getting started.

Comprehension is the embodiment of wisdom.

During the test of turning blood, only disciples who can comprehend the "Sutra of Turning Blood" can pass.

In fact, it is to examine whether the disciple has the root of wisdom.

Wisdom is born.

Except for very few treasures of heaven and earth, one can only achieve epiphany by studying Buddhist scriptures.

But it's hard this way.

Only a very small number of eminent monks with profound opportunities can enter.

When the root of wisdom reaches a certain level.

Can open the Buddhist supernatural powers.

For example, the lotus tongue, the celestial eye, the celestial ear, other minds, fate, the spiritual realm, the exhaustion, the six supernatural powers of Buddhism, etc.

When it reaches Dacheng, it will be able to produce relics and radiate the circle of wisdom.

At that time, he will be an eminent monk in the world.

"Cause and Effect Changing Career Tactics" was read very quickly.

When "Preface" turned to the third page.

The first 'Golden Light of Enlightenment' was triggered.

Golden light enters the body.

Li Chen only felt his body lighten.

It's like soaking in a hot spring.

The whole body suddenly became transparent.

Wait for the golden light to dissipate.

Sure enough, the mind is clear, as if it has been opened.

While reading the scriptures, Li Chen didn't forget to massage the Tanchan rosary with his fingers.

It's fun to be so single-minded.


three days in a row.

Lichen is at two points and one line between the meditation room and the Sutra Pavilion.

Back to the Zen room at night, after drinking wine.

"Bacchus" runs automatically.

Ever since Lichen entered the acquired second realm.

The zhenqi in the body becomes more mellow.

It's just that after "Bacchanalia" evolved to an intermediate level of intelligence, the number of triggers of "speech the truth after drinking" became less and less.

Li Chen guessed that it was because of the wine problem.

Probably because "Bacchanalia" is a bit tired of drinking.

On the contrary, "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" complement each other, making rapid progress.

It really gave him a little surprise.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" asks: "You listen to Guanyin's deeds, and you respond well to all directions."]

["Karma Transformation Jue" answers: "Serve hundreds of billions of Buddhas, and make great pure vows."]


["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" asks: "There is no dirt and pure light, and the sun of wisdom breaks through all darkness."]

["Karma Transformation Jue" answers: "It can subdue disasters, wind and fire, and universally illuminate the world."]


["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" asks: "There is no peace in the three realms, just like a house on fire."]

["Karma Transformation Jue" answers: "It's full of suffering, it's really terrifying."]

The two scriptures have a question and an answer.

As a third party, Li Chen actually had a sense of déjà vu as he was watching an eminent monk's debate.

That's how everything went very smoothly.

Suddenly, a line of writing appeared in the Interpretation Mirror:

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" share similar interests, become confidants of each other, and unlock the fetters: Buddha Light. 】

[Buddha Light: All attacks have their own exorcism effect, and are immune to persistent abnormal states. 】

Li Chen's jaw dropped in shock.

The two of them are still in love with each other.

The effect of exorcism is not listed for the time being.

It's just the immune abnormal state.

It's already a magic skill.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		