

Zen Master Lonely doesn't care about Li Sao's life or death.

Instead, she looked at Li Chen, waiting for him to make a choice.

The "Blood Clothes Sutra" is astonishingly powerful, it is consistent with the "Blood Transformation Sutra", and it is complete.

But the quick success method, it is estimated that it is easy to go crazy.

In contrast, although the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has only three fragments.

But Lichen has a mirror of interpretation, maybe he can use the light of the mirror to communicate with spirituality and find a way to repair it.

It's a big deal to choose another method after innate talent, and there is nothing to lose.

But when he was about to say his choice, he happened to meet the lonely Zen master's eyes.

Let Li Chen be taken aback.

wrong.

This look... has a deep meaning.

This is... a hidden mission!

The lonely monk has other plans.

With a heart move, the Interpretation Mirror aimed at the lonely Zen master.

There was a flicker in the mirror, and finally six large characters emerged:

[Giving up, nothing to ask for. 】

Li Chen realized instantly.

This is a test.

If you give up and give up, you can't ask for it.


Sure enough, there is another meaning.

Thinking of this, Li Chen's cold sweat drenched.

Finally, it's time to perform the real technique.

Li Chen clasped his hands together, his face full of reverence.

There is no rush to say the answer.

First bow deeply to the Lonely Zen Master.

Then bowed his head and said:

"Everything given by Master is a gift."

"There are different ways, and there is no thick or thin transmission."

"The master leads into practice, and it is the blessing of the Buddha."

"Even if the disciple throws himself to the ground, it's hard to repay him."

"I only hope that I can live up to the teacher's kindness and guard by the side of the Bodhisattva."

"Sassei Temple, great again!"

After speaking, he directly changed from sitting to kneeling, with his upper body lying on the ground.

To the lonely Zen master came a five-body cast.

This immersive acting.

I can't fix the lonely Zen master.

The great monk fell into it all at once.

At the moment, the mirror of Xieyu flashed, and the text has changed:

【Respect the teacher, love the temple, be grateful, be content. 】

[There are apprentices like this, what do monks ask for? 】

The Lonely Zen Master felt very relieved. After all these years, he finally found a disciple who could inherit his mantle.

Thinking of this, he hastily raised Li Chen with both hands:

"Idiot, idiot."

"You are completely sincere, and I understand it as a teacher."

"Get up quickly."

He looked at Li Chen, more and more satisfied:

"The "Blood Clothes Sutra" is too hostile, it's not a way of practicing, it doesn't matter if you don't practice it."

"The "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is just a remnant, and it is difficult to be elegant. It can only be used as an addendum."

"What I want to pass on to you as a teacher is another peerless law, the famous work——"The Art of Changing Business through Karma."

I see.

If you give up, you can't ask for it.

The real test is for this "Causal Changes".

"This "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" is a method of using strength and strength, and contains the supreme karma of Buddhism.

The whole story lies in the word "enlightenment".

You can use your strength to fight hard, four or two to pull a thousand catties.

If you practice to a high level, you will be able to repay the other body with the other way. "

Just thinking like this, the lonely Zen master lifted his cassock.

The fingers are pinched into a fancy style, and they come out with a whistling sound.

Point directly between Li Chen's eyebrows.

This time I was caught off guard.

Li Chen only felt a warm current between his brows.

In an instant, two more scriptures appeared in my mind.

Li Chen recovered from his sluggishness.

Ignoring the aftertaste, I directly knelt down to thank the Lonely Chan Master: "Thank you, Master, for your love!"

This time he was sincere in his feelings, without any acting elements.

But Lonely Chan Master smiled and nodded: "This secret method was discovered by chance as a teacher.

Its mystery is very mysterious, and it can be the best in Buddhism.

It's just that the scriptures are difficult to understand, even if you are a teacher, you can only understand a little bit.

In the future, you should read more Buddhist scriptures and accumulate Zen wisdom.

Only then can we study deeply. "

"Disciple, remember~"

"Teacher, go back.

By the way, don't forget to pick your junior brother off the wall. "


I don't know whether it was Lonely Chan Master who was merciful, or Li Sao's fate.

Only three ribs were broken.

After taking the elixir and lying down for a few days, he should recover almost.

But he got the "Blood Clothes Sutra" as he wished.

Seeing his silly appearance, I don't know if it's a blessing or a curse.

Young man, you can ask for more blessings.

Back to the meditation room of Soup Kitchen, it was getting late.

Li Chen began to examine these two scriptures carefully.

"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" was originally the supreme magical skill of Tibetan Esoteric Buddhism.

It was only later that the Tibetan Secret Sect produced a successor of Mara.

The Western Regions were in turmoil.

Such unique knowledge gradually fell out.

According to Zen Master Lonely, this "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" becomes more profound as it goes on.

Although the first three volumes are also fragments, the method of using force is quite unique.

It can be mutually confirmed with "The Jue of Changing Career by Cause and Effect" and can be used as an addendum.

Li Chen read carefully.

It mainly records a body-building method similar to yoga.

It's a pity that there are only a few fragments of pictures and breathing methods left in the three volumes.

Li Chen didn't dare to practice according to the picture, but those few breathing methods are really easy to use.

Zen Master Lonely said that this exercise is like water grinding effort.

Although it is a fragment, long-term practice can add strength.

Li Chen's heart moved, and he used the interpretation mirror to capture the scriptures.

A mirror flashed.

The surface of the mirror flickered, showing a line of writing.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has psychic potential. 】

[Awakening primary soul. 】

[Personality: Amnesia]

[Status 1: Can't recall the Buddhist scriptures, so I don't want to practice. 】

[Description: Relic, form is not different from emptiness, emptiness is not different from form, form is emptiness, emptiness is form, and the same is true for thinking and knowing.

Sarira is the empty phase of all dharmas, neither born nor destroyed, neither dirty nor clean, neither increasing nor decreasing. 】

【That's why there is no color in the sky, that's why there's no color in the sky, that's why there's no color in the sky...】

【That's why there is no color in the sky, that's why there's no color in the sky, that's why there's no color in the sky...】


down?

Li Chen was dumbfounded.

Look at this line of Buddhist scriptures.

It seems that a primary school student is reciting the text.

Back to the critical point, but can not continue.

Someone needs to be reminded at this time.

Li Chen's eyes lit up.

Are you waiting for my next sentence?

... Buddhist Sutra Solitaire? !

It's a pity that he doesn't understand the Buddhist scriptures, so he can only wait for one day to go to the Tibetan Scripture Pavilion to look them up.

I don't know what effect the next sentence will have.

Solitaire is always better than Flying Flowers.

Putting down the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", Lichen looked like the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" again.

This method is divided into two chapters, the major transfer and the minor transfer.

Among them, the small career change chapter, based on one's own strength, transfers the damage received to the side.

The stronger one's own strength, the more attacks one can dispel.

It happens that "Dragon Elephant Prajna Skill" can increase strength.

The combination of the two is wonderful.

It's just that the scriptures are full of thousands of words.

They are all mysterious and mysterious 'Avenues of Cause and Effect'.

Even though Li Chen has been a human being in two lifetimes, his concentration is far beyond that of ordinary mortals.

Reading it at this time, I feel inexplicably boring.

If you forcibly misinterpret it, you will immediately feel flustered.

This is a sign of madness.

Li Chen was so frightened that he withdrew quickly.

No wonder Zen Master Lonely said that you can't practice by force.

To re-enlighten this method, you must have a high-level Buddhist experience before you can comprehend it.

Unexpectedly, in the evil Shasheng Temple, there is still the Zen Dharma.

What a great irony.

It may be difficult to learn directly.

Li Chen rubbed his eyes, a mirror light flickered in his heart.

["Karma Changing Jobs" has psychic potential. 】

[Awakening advanced wisdom. 】

[Personality: Xueba. 】

[Status 1: Knowing the cause and effect of everything in the world, having a broad world view, but it is difficult to find people who resonate with you. 】

Sure enough, the channeling was successful again.

And it's still a high-level intelligence.

It's just that the problem on the mirror is really puzzling:

[Description: Which came first, the chicken or the egg? 】

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		