

"Old man, you have misunderstood, my junior brother and I are monks passing by, and we just want to form a good relationship in your place."

After Li Chen explained, Old Man Li stopped.

"What? Monk?"

The old man was skeptical, and looked out from the crack of the door, and there were indeed two bald heads, reflecting each other with the moon in the sky.

squeak~

The door opens.

The farmer is short-skinned, blood has already been knocked out on his head, and tears are still running down his face.

He saw two young monks at the door: one was extraordinary handsome, the other was vajra glaring, they were not ordinary people.

Quickly wiped away tears, stepped forward and made a bow: "Mage, come in quickly, come in quickly, it's all because we recognized the wrong person."

"Don't be offended, don't be offended."

After finishing speaking, he yelled into the main room: "Mother, don't cry, go and prepare some tea."

Sure enough, the crying in the inner room stopped abruptly, and was replaced by a rustling.

"Amitabha, I still want to disturb your family's rest at such a late hour."

"Where is the mage, let's do it conveniently, and we have accumulated good fortune."

Entering the main room, the room was pitch black.

Li Chen took out the Hanguang Stone from his bosom, the light from the Hanguang Stone is relatively soft, although it can only illuminate three feet around the body, it is not as conspicuous as an oil lamp.

Finally, in the darkness that could not be resolved, there was a ray of holy light.

Seeing the Hanguang Stone, the old man couldn't help being amazed: "How much lamp oil will be saved?"

"God monk, god monk."

Li Chen quickly waved his hand: "Some small items are not worth mentioning at all."

Putting the Containing Light Stone on the table, Li Chen turned to ask:

"Old man, when you knocked on the door just now, you heard the name 'Land God'?"

"What's the meaning of this? Could it be that the God of Earth still visits every house?"

Upon hearing this, the old man showed bitterness: "The mage doesn't know something..."

"This place is called Baiguo Mountain. There is no half acre of idle fields on the mountain, but it is surrounded by melons and fruits."

Li Chen remembered what he had seen along the way just now, the mountains here were indeed full of fruit trees, and it was the time of harvest, and they were full of fruit.

"Our fruit here is sweet and delicious, and it is famous in the surrounding villages."

"It's no wonder that as soon as you enter the village, you can smell the fragrance of melons and fruits.

This year is a good harvest year, the old man is so lucky.

But just now, the little monk saw that the fruits were so delicate and beautiful that they were probably already ripe, so why didn't they pick them, so they wouldn't be afraid of birds in the daytime? "

"Oh, it's not that I don't want to pick it, but I can't pick it."

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment: "Don't pick the fruit when it's ripe, judging by the old man's appearance, there seems to be something else hidden."

Speaking of this, the old man Li sighed, and his face was gloomy again: "As the master said, the weather has been good and the weather has been good for the past few years, and the harvests have been bumper every year. The days should be like one day.

But who would have thought that, just last year, a land god suddenly appeared in the village..."

“Land God?”

Li Chen and Li Sao looked at each other, knowing in their hearts that there must be something weird.

"Earth god? Isn't that supposed to protect the water and soil? Why is the old man so sad?"

But old man Li shook his head, his eyes rolled in their sockets: "This land god... well, it's everyone's own disaster."

"The year before last, the fruit harvest was abundant, and the villagers joined together to sacrifice to the God of the Land."

"But who knew that the land god was really invited..."

"The God of the Land has said that the good harvest of these fruits is all due to him. The first fruits must be given to him first. Without his permission, no one can pick the fruits."

"As long as there are empty branches on the fruit trees of any family, the mountain beast will catch the whole family to the mountain."

Li Sao said with a smile: "Old man, I'm afraid this land god was faked by someone."

Old Man Li shook his head: "At first, the villagers didn't take it seriously, but they never thought that there would be no fruit left in the mountains and plains overnight..."

Li Sao was stunned: "Is there really a land god?"

Li Chen heard the words: "I look like a robber."

"Overnight, there is not a single fruit left?"

Old man Li nodded: "That night, the villagers didn't hear a single sound."

Hearing this, Li Chen secretly wondered: The fruits all over the mountains and plains are not a small number, and they can be picked overnight without alarming the villagers. Could it be that the 'Land God' is really good at something?

"It's strange to say that that night, all the strong men in charge of guarding the orchard fell asleep."

Li Chen squinted his eyes: They all fell asleep together, it seems that the other party must have used drugs or something.

"Since then, the big guy has never doubted this land god again."

"But I didn't expect him to start to get worse."

Li Chen asked: "Is there any other request?"

The old man Li showed frustration: "It's more than that, first the mountain is full of fruits, then the grain, and after the property is searched... this is not enough."

"Afterwards, Fanxin was actually moved..."

At this point, old man Li couldn't bear it any longer, and the two lines of tears rolled down like water breaking a bank.

"At first he robbed a young girl up the mountain every other month."

"Afterwards, I didn't bother to go down the mountain, so I had to send a welcoming team every now and then, going door to door to welcome my relatives."

"Twenty or thirty young women in the whole village have already been taken up the mountain. Now it's the old man's turn. I feel sorry for my two daughters, and weep all day long."

When it came to the sad place, the old man Li cried bitterly.

Li Chen thought to himself, this land god is probably a pretender.

My daughter has not yet left the cabinet, so she sheds tears every day.

Li Chen remained calm and asked: "Since there is a wedding reception team with great fanfare, has the old man seen it before?"

Old man Li recalled: "They were all masked, their bodies were thin, and they scratched their ears and cheeks, as if... as if..."

He couldn't tell, it was just imitating dancing, but Li Sao's eyes lit up: "Monkey?"

"Yes, yes, yes, it looks a bit like a wild monkey, and it's not tall, and it bends its waist, like a big horse monkey."

At this time, Li Chen had some concerns, and asked instead:

"Since this 'Land God' is so rampant, why don't the villagers leave?"

Speaking of this, old man Li was full of fear: "Why did no one leave? At the beginning, a few families left the village, and immediately there were mandrills and wild ghosts reporting the news."

"Anyone who goes out, without exception, will show up under the big pagoda tree at the head of the village the next day."

"This is not over yet, the 'Land God' will bring disasters, and someone in the village will suffer."

Randomly kill a lucky viewer?

This 'Land God' is amazing.

"Brother, if you say that, then we... can't get out?"

Li Sao has a worried look on his face.

"This monster is always silent. I think it is at least a master of the interior scene. We can't stand it."

Before the words were finished, an old woman led two handsome girls and pushed the door in.

They each held small dishes and dry food in their hands, and the tears on their faces were still wet.

The woman lowered her head and said respectfully: "Master, there is nothing to entertain us in the wild forest in the mountains. Please don't take offense, Master."

Even in such circumstances, they still treat each other sincerely, which shows that it is a family of good deeds.

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		