

Every time a position is placed, a Mingwu lamp will light up.

Soon all the positions were placed, and the ten Enlightenment Lamps lit up at the same time, some bright and some dark, with different colors and shapes.

The brightest one turned out to be "Bacchanalia", probably because it was the one who practiced the most.

Followed by "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" and "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

The darkest ones are "Infinity Slash" and "Yoga of Yingluo".

In an instant, the Shifang Dojo was brightly lit.

The big clock above his head rang.

clang~

Shifang Dojo, the discussion begins...


Gathering his mind, Li Chen touched the dull hair on his head, and found that it was no longer as bristly as before, but slightly curved.

Cough cough, fortunately, it can be coiled and stuck on the scalp.

Because of the existence of the 'Jingyu Mirror', it is easier for Lichen to obtain exercises than others.

This also caused him to have too many exercises, and each exercise can directly point to the Dao.

Zen Master Lonely said that his current cultivation speed is fast because he has not encountered a bottleneck.

And what is the bottleneck?

The bottleneck is the obstacle encountered in the process of proving the Dao.

The more exercises Li Chen practiced, the more obstacles he would encounter in the future.

The emergence of Shifang Dojo can just alleviate this problem.

Through the mutual discussion of the exercises, the exercises can be understood by analogy and overcome the bottleneck.

At the same time, it also speeds up the integration of exercises.

Thinking of this, Li Chen felt relieved, and the confusion just now was swept away.

Hold up the gourd for a while and drink freely, the lips and teeth will be fragrant, the wine will be majestic, and the whole person will be refreshed.

"Good wine~"

At this moment, a cold snort suddenly came from behind.

Li Chen's eyes were wide open, and his whole body felt cold.

He turned around and looked, and at some point there was someone behind him.

The man was dressed in Tsing Yi, with sleepy eyes, holding a verdant wine gourd in his arms.

Lichen was sweating on his head, he was focused on Shifang Taoist just now, but he didn't know when this drunkard appeared.

Empty-nest Buddhist monastery, courtesy first.

At this time, etiquette should not be lost.

"Amitabha, senior... It's a pleasure to meet you."

The drunkard reeked of alcohol and was in a state of drunkenness, his body swayed slightly, and he was about to fall at some point.

He looked Li Chen up and down, the tip of his nose moved slightly, his eyes showed a three-point alcohol addiction, and finally his eyes were fixed on the wine gourd on Li Chen's waist.

Li Chen knew the elegant meaning by hearing the string, and stretched out his hand to pat it, and the red honey wine turned into a red line and flew towards the sloppy drunkard.

"It's the first time we meet, please give me a taste of seniors."

The sloppy drunkard's eyes lit up, and he stretched out his hand to attract the red honey wine into his mouth.

This time, Li Chen deliberately used some strength to test the other party, but he didn't expect that the drunkard didn't even frown.

Li Chen secretly took a picture with the Interpretation Mirror, but couldn't see anything, and felt a chill in his heart: This is a master.

What's up~

The drunkard drank up the red honey wine, and his face immediately beamed with joy.

"Good wine, really good wine, it has been cellared for more than eight years."

"There is a fragrance of flowers in the wine, and a smell of wine in the flowers. It is really a rare wine."

He burped, and had to cover his mouth with his hands, for fear of getting the smell of the wine.

"For the sake of the wine, I won't kill you."

This was said so calmly, as if it was an unusual thing.

Li Chen somehow felt a faint murderous intent.

The drunkard glanced at the blue flames around the valley: "What do you have to do with Ghost Cult?"

Li Chen thought to himself: It seems that he regards Biphosphine Fire as a ghost fire.

"Little monk, Lichen of the Shasheng Temple, this is not a ghost fire, but a jade fire."

The alcoholic stopped drinking: "Sashengsi?"

He looked Li Chen up and down again: "Do you know that you two ruined my good deed?"

Li Chen was stunned when he heard the words: "The little monk saw the monster here, so he did the act of butchering the knife. I don't know where I disturbed the senior, and I ask the senior to forgive me."

The drunkard let out a long sigh: "Time is fate, it seems that the monkey has nothing to do with me after all."

As soon as the words fell, a blue light flashed on his body, and his figure had escaped three feet away.

"Just now you invited me to drink, then half of the benefits will be shared with you."

"Follow me if you want."

So fast!

Li Chen knew that he had met an expert from outside the world, he gritted his teeth and used the shadow escape method to follow closely.

But in a flash of divine effort, the other party disappeared.

When he was at a loss, he only heard a voice from his side:

"Too slow~"

Li Chen turned his head and looked, on the big tree, the drunkard was leaning on the branch, half upturned, tasting the wine.

"Boy, I'll give you another chance. If you can keep up, it will be to your advantage. If you can't keep up, hehe, then we can settle the matter."

Although this alcoholic is dissolute and behaves differently, his cultivation is extremely high.

Although Li Chen's shadow escape technique was fast, the man disappeared with just a slight movement.

If you want to catch up with him, it may not be easy, you have to think of another way.

Li Chen pondered for a while: "What senior said is indeed fair."

When the drunkard heard this, his face was obviously taken aback, and he only said that the little monk had a stubborn mouth: "Interesting, let's go~"

As soon as the words fell, he turned into a blue shadow and disappeared in an instant.

Standing in place, Li Chen couldn't help sighing: This senior has such a brilliant escape technique.

He thought that the method of shadow escape was already good, but even so, he couldn't even see the opponent's shadow.

Li Chen had expected it a long time ago, since I can't keep up with you, then let you come and pick me up honestly.

Thinking of this, he said loudly on purpose: "Amitabha, sin is sin."

"Li Chen, a disciple of the Shasheng Temple, is guilty of massacres here, so I am here to comfort the gods and Buddhas~"

After speaking, a red thread came out from the old gourd, and the aroma of wine immediately overflowed.

Wait for the wine line to rise into the air, then let it fall freely.

At this time, the drunkard was hiding in the dark, thinking about how the little monk should deal with it.

But when he heard what Li Chen said, he cursed secretly: What a cunning monk.

He is a person who is not even willing to burp wine, how can he watch such delicious wine fall to the ground?

Just when the wine line was about to hit the ground, he stepped under his feet and came under the wine in an instant, stretched out his hand to guide it, and drank the wine line in his mouth.

After drinking, let out a breath of turbidity, laughed and cursed: "Buddha doesn't drink alcohol~"

"You little monk tempted me with good wine, it's very bad."

Seeing the success of the scheme, Li Chen said with a smile on his face: "Young monk is also a wine lover, how could he not know.

The senior's movement skills are wonderful, but the young monk really can't keep up, so he made this bad move. "

The drunkard pointed at Lichen and said with a smile: "I am the worst person to owe favors to others."

"Before we said something first, you caught up with me, and you have a share of the benefits. Although you cheated, you finally reached an agreement."

"Senior is really trustworthy."

"Little devil, stop flattering."

He fled towards the distance with a little bit of footsteps. Compared with the silent teleportation before, although it is faster now, there are traces to follow.

Li Chen pushed Shadow Dun to the extreme, barely keeping up.

Soon the two stopped in front of a mountain wall one after the other.

"Little monk, have you read it?"

As soon as the words fell, he stretched out a palm lightly.

The originally seemingly solid wall was broken into pieces, and a strong smell of wine instantly drowned the two of them.

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		