

Xuan Jing Division!

Great Zhou Xuanjing Division!

It turned out that this large sarcoma was the legendary blood demon.

And he was also jointly sealed by Xuanjing Division and Samsara Temple.

As for the 'Nvwa Stone' and 'Piaomiaoyan', they should be the five-element mist array that trapped the Blood Demon in the first place.

And the lamp under the tumor should be the lamp of death.

[Death Lamp: A generation of eminent monks use life as oil and ignite it with life fire. The lamp flame can ignite the target's life fire until the target dies. 】

That battle was earth-shattering back then, and it is still being circulated until now. I didn't expect that the big sarcoma in front of me was the last clone of the blood demon.

"This sarcoid...won't it still be alive?"

Li Ge's face was full of horror, the joy of finding the Nuwa stone disappeared in an instant.

Take a look at Lichen Jieyu mirror.

[Blood fetus that lost its vitality. 】

"According to the statement on the stone platform, the blood fetus should have died."

Upon hearing that the sarcoid tumor had disappeared, Li Ge breathed a sigh of relief.

He first glanced at the huge monster hanging above his head, and without fear, he took off the death lamp.

He weighed it in his hand, turned around and threw it to Lichen.

Li Chen took it carefully, and it was cold, and he didn't know how many years the lamp had been extinguished.

The body of the lamp is forged from brass, holding some weight in the hand, but there is no trace of lamp oil in the belly of the lamp, and the slender wick is divided into two parts.

A lamp is a good lamp, but lighting it takes life.

Li Ge has already got the Nuwa stone during this trip, but he is not interested in this lamp.

Li Chen gave up twice, but he refused both times.

The two searched in the hall again. There were traces of someone's activities in this hall, but it should have been a long time ago.

Now apart from the large formation on the ground, there is nothing left.

"Brother, I don't think this place looks like Xiao Ke, we have to report to the master."

"Exactly."

The two left the hall and returned the same way. Li Ge jumped into the cold pool first, and Li Chen was about to follow.

Suddenly thought of something, turned back, walked to the edge of the stone gate, and waved lightly.

The stone wall left by 'Jixia Yanfeng' was collected by Li Chen into the Emerald World.

If these words are seen by others, the 'Jixia Yanfeng' society will undoubtedly die.

Looking at the smooth stone wall, I have no more nostalgia in my heart, and I walked to the edge of the cold pool, just about to jump down.

Suddenly the dull hair on his head twitched, Li Chen couldn't help feeling cold all over.

next moment……

poof~

A strange feeling came to mind.

Deep, dark, drowsy.

It was like a heartbeat.

Right next to the ear, yet feeling lost.

Very clear, but without trace.

The inexplicable palpitations and anxiety gave people the illusion of falling into the abyss.

But in an instant, everything returned to normal.

[An abnormal fluctuation is found...the fluctuation disappears. 】

Li Chen was stunned...

What is that volatility?

Waited for a while, but never showed up.

After thinking about it again and again, it is better to go back and report to the master.

When he climbed out of the cold pool, Li Ge had been waiting for a while.

At this time, the sky has turned white.

He stood on the bank and raised his head to look around, when he heard the sound of water breaking, he suddenly said leisurely: "Junior Brother... is gone."

"What's gone?"

Li Chen thought he had heard that voice too, but seeing his expression it was not.

Li Ge pointed to the surroundings, and pointed to the mountain in the distance.

"The fog cleared..."

The reason why the colorless mountain is called the colorless mountain is because it is misty and misty all the year round, and its true color cannot be seen.

But at this moment, the distant mountains are like Daisy, the near water is affectionate, the clouds are blooming and the sun is rising, and the wind is blowing and the grass is low.

"This……"

Li Chen was stunned, subconsciously he touched Tan Chan's rosary.

Thinking about it now, the mist under the pool was originally very thick, but after Li Chen collected the misty smoke, the mist dissipated.

Could it be that the perennial fog in the Colorless Mountain is due to the 'misty smoke'...

The two returned to their residences one after the other.

Empty Nest Buddhist Temple, Morning Meditation Hall.

The outrageous little monk was still practicing in seclusion, but Li Sao was stroking her belly bitterly.

It really looks like a pregnant woman who has been pregnant for several months.

"Brother... Do you think the child in this stomach is my blood relationship?"

Li Chen coughed lightly: "Well, it is a heterogeneous species after all, if there is a blood relative, it should not have much relationship."

"Poor child, he was born without a father."

After finishing speaking, he stared at Li Chen with a pair of eyes, with resentment on his face.

It seems to be saying: Men don't have a good thing...

Li Chen slapped him on the forehead: "It's not your fault that mother's love is overflowing, anyone who dares to be disgusted needs to be trained!"

After all, the Empty Nest Buddhist Temple uses "politeness" to build an image, and "tune" to correct the atmosphere.


I don't know what Chan Master Lonely said yesterday, Zen Master Lonely didn't sleep well all night.

Seeing Li Sao early in the morning, staring at his stomach, he snorted coldly: "Nonsense."

Li Sao is like a little daughter-in-law who has been wronged, but she dare not speak too much due to the coercion.

【How can a dead bald donkey say that about my child...】

【After all, this is also what I conceived in Lisao Shiyue. 】

Although the Lonely Zen Master had disgust on his face, there was a bit of nostalgia in his eyes.

[It seems that I can only go to him. It's been so many years, how are you, Junior Brother? 】

Li Chen was taken aback, the master still has a younger brother?

In other words, there is still a master uncle in the empty nest monastery?

It's a pity that Zen Master Lonely didn't continue to think too much, and instead ordered Li Sao to go to Huoyunling every day.

Firstly, Uncle Lonely sealed the relevant blood vessels with a special method to delay the hatching of the eggs.

After Li Sao left, the rhythmic wooden fish sounded again in the meditation hall.

Only then did Li Chen take out the 'Lantern of Death' and hand it over to the master.

When the sound of the wooden fish stopped, once the Lonely Chan Master saw this lamp, he felt extraordinary.

After listening to Li Chen's story, he nodded his head: "Before the Shasheng Temple became a temple, this place was the Southern Wasteland."

"Back then, a hundred years had passed in the troubled times of the Gorefiend. In that battle, the heroes of the world fought in darkness. Unexpectedly, the place where the Gorefiend was sealed was in the Colorless Mountain."

"This lamp should be the magic weapon of Master Xuandu, the abbot of the Samsara Temple at that time. It was called the 'Lamp of Passing Nirvana'. It was this lamp that ignited the blood demon's life fire and made it die."

Li Chen thought for a while and said, "If that's the case, the sarcoma hanging on the hall is one of the thirteen thousand blood god sons?"

Zen Master Lonely nodded slightly: "Speaking of which, there is still some connection between the Blood Demon and the Shasheng Temple."

"The magic power it cultivates should also come from the "Blood Nerve" of Patriarch Styx.

The 480,000,000 blood god son clones of Patriarch Styx, known as: the sea of ​​blood never dries up, and the river of Styx never dies.

This blood demon is more than a step behind, but there are also 13,000 blood god sons.

Thirteen thousand blood god sons are thirteen thousand metamorphosis numbers.

If the Blood God Sons are not completely destroyed, the Blood Demon will be revived, so almost eternal life. "

"That's why the Xuanjing Division dispatched two Tianzi mirrors at once, and the 'Yanwu mirror' was damaged in the battle."

Although Li Chen has already learned about the general situation of the blood demon troubled times from the records of the stone platform in the main hall.

But at this time, listening to Zen Master Lonely's detailed explanation, he still felt the horror of the disaster of the blood demon.

PS: Ten updates will be released tomorrow, waiting for everyone~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		