

Forty-eight thousand voices.

Some are high-pitched, some are low-pitched.

Some were surprised, some were flustered.

Gathered in Lichen's ears, it became noisy.

This shows that there are many gourds he can pick.

Li Chen's air sank to his dantian, and the bristles on his head finally sprang up.

A series of invisible fluctuations swept across the gourd in front of him.


"I took it off! I'm going to get rich, I'm going to become a Buddha."

I don't know which disciple was the first to find the gourd calling for him, and shouted in the mist like crazy.

Li Chen shook his head, how did they know that these gourds looked the same, but there were differences between high and low.

According to the written records on the stone wall, the spirituality of gourds is related to the predestined people who pick them.

The so-called equality means that the gourd selects people, and the people choose gourds.

Only the corresponding strength can pick the corresponding gourd.

Then pick it in three ways of "body, method and use", and you can get a gourd of equal ability.

The 48,000 gourds correspond to the 48,000 opportunities in the three realms of heaven, earth, and humans.

The gourd carcass corresponds to the three grades of Fan, Ling and Xian.

The gourds of all grades are blue in color, no different from ordinary gourds, they may have extraordinary powers, but they can't be detached from the ordinary, and can be easily picked off without extraordinary measures.

With a little sacrificial refining, the power will not be lower than that of a high-grade magic weapon.

The gourd of spiritual quality, a species of Zhongling Yuxiu, has a faint brilliance, and it cannot be matched by a worldly hero.

Belonging to the spirits of the Three Realms, it can produce thousands of changes, and with a little sacrifice and refinement, it can become an acquired magic weapon.

The fairy gourd is a different species from heaven and earth. It is born with a vision, and its shape changes with thoughts.

Landing on the ground is an innate magic weapon, and there is magic without sacrifice.

Undoubtedly, the better the gourd is picked, the worse the grade.

What most monks can easily pick up is ordinary goods.

And the one who can pick off the gourd of the spiritual product is already the pride of the world, a hero.

As for the fairy gourd, it can be encountered but not taken, everything depends on chance.

Just like the one hanging on the blood vine in front of Li Chen.

A red lotus flower on the gourd sometimes disappears and disappears, it is exactly the red lotus gourd that the obscure elder said.

This gourd can play the fire of the red lotus, and it is the most weird and unpredictable one among the fairy gourds.

But Li Chen didn't know how to pick it off.

body? Law? use?

When he was hesitating, the Xie Yu mirror suddenly flashed with light.

[I need a vine. 】

Li Chen was stunned.

Xie Yujing seldom took the initiative to manifest, but after entering the blood sea world, Xie Yujing first used the Truth Listening Corner as a handle, and now it wants vines, which is really strange.

But the most critical problem is that it is not easy to pick gourds, let alone the vines in front of them.

Xie Yujing seemed to have understood Li Chen's intentions, and suddenly transformed into a real body.

At this time, under the shadow of the blue light, there is a pure white handle.

Some monotonous, some quaint, some mysterious.

When Li Chen was surprised, the mirror turned into a stream of light and flew directly into the vines.

Although the mirror body is not yet real, the handle is a real listening corner.

With just a click, the Mirror of Interpretation of Words has already escaped into my mind again.

Looking at the wall again, a vine was dripping scarlet juice.

So fast.

At this time, Li Chen was in the mist, and the surrounding visibility was very low, so no one saw what happened just now.

And in his mind, a section of red vine wrapped itself around the horn of listening, and then began to climb along the edge of the speech-interpreting mirror, and finally stopped until it occupied half a circle.

The ancient mirror, which was originally a bit monotonous, became profound at this time.

[Jingyu mirror establishes a connection with the equality vine, unlocking: equivalent exchange. 】

[Equivalent Exchange: You can see the hidden conditions related to things. 】

Li Chen was shocked.

Unlocked an ability!

At this time, looking at the red lotus gourd again, the appearance has changed before his eyes.

[Picking conditions: Use any kind of karmic fire from the eight hot hells, and you can pick it equally. 】

Only then did Li Chen suddenly realize.

The red lotus karmic fire is the flame in the seventh layer of the eight cold hells.

"Yoga Theory Four" said: "The red lotus Naluojia is different from this. After this green, the color turns red and red. The skin splits, or ten or more. Therefore, Naluojia is called the red lotus."

"Jushe Guangji Eleven" said: "Battama, this cloud is a red lotus flower. The severe cold is coming, and the body changes and breaks, like a red lotus flower."

When this fire falls on the body, it will freeze and form cracks, like red lotuses in full bloom, so it is called "red lotus karma fire".

Therefore, although the red lotus karma fire is a flame, it is the fire of the coldest.

There is almost no way to resolve it, so it can be called weird and unpredictable.

Such a gourd of immortal quality, ordinary people must look at the sea and sigh, it is not the means of immortals, so it cannot be picked.

But for Li Chen, it was really not difficult.

The "Infinite Sealing Method" devoured the Abi Hell Rock, and the black flame on it was the Infinite Hell Flame.

There are eighteen layers of hell, including: Eight Cold Hells, Eight Hot Hells, You Zeng Hell, and Solitary Hell.

The red lotus karmic fire comes from the eight cold hells.

And the Infernal Hell Flame comes from the eight heat hells, and it is the lowest level of Infernal Hell.

Both belong to karmic fire, and their quality is comparable.

It just meets the extraction conditions displayed in the speech mirror.

Thinking of this, Li Chen didn't hesitate anymore, stretched out his finger and approached the blood vine, and after a moment of silence, black flames jumped out of his fingertips.

He couldn't control the Infernal Hellfire, so he could only summon it in such a simple way.

scoff~

The blood vine was bright red, like a slowly flowing blood, when it was touched by the endless hellfire, it immediately began to tremble slightly.

And on that gourd, if the vision of the red lotus had any substance, it would be extraordinary at first sight.

The red blood vines were wrapped in black flames.

The interweaving of red and black seems to be making a deal.

The equality vine swayed for a while, and finally the fire burned the vine and it was ripe.

Li Chen couldn't help being overjoyed, and took the gourd with both hands.

This gourd is slightly cool in the hand, and it is only the size of a palm. There is a dark red lotus imprint on the vermilion gourd.

On the top of the gourd, a red lotus blooms from time to time, a vision of heaven and earth, which is a sign of innate treasure.

As soon as Li Chen thought about it, the gourd disappeared in a flash, and the method of controlling the fire of the red lotus had already appeared in his mind.

The end is mysterious and unparalleled.

Every kind of heaven and earth fire has a special fire control technique, which can be used to use the red lotus karmic fire at will without hurting yourself.

Li Chen was satisfied, and the red lotus gourd was taken and released as he wished. It was indeed an innate treasure, and it seemed to be bound to him by nature.

In this way, the first gourd was successfully collected in the bag, and the mission of the obscure elder had been completed.

When Li Chen was about to find the next gourd, he suddenly thought of something and his expression froze.

Before entering the secret realm of the blood sea, the uncle of the obscure master asked him to go to the other shore to find the magic of listening.

It was because of the guidance of Young Master Xu Kong of the Xukong Building.

Li Chen also found the red lotus gourd through "The Magic of Listening Truth".

But the real picking of the gourd is the use of the Infernal Hellfire.

And no one told me that I was able to summon the Infernal Hellfire.

How did Mr. Void know?

PS: Thanks to the ghost face Zhongkui, Wuhuai Yexing, and Qianying Yizai for their rewards~Thank you

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		