

【Which came first, the chicken or the egg? 】

This is a philosophical question.

It is also a scientific question.

We need to start with the origin of the universe...

The thinking in "Cause and Effect Changing Jobs" is still very deep.

It is indeed a high-level soul.

Zen Master Lonely said that this secret art focuses on the word "enlightenment".

Sure enough, what he said was true.

The essence of this method is a method of exploring cause and effect, capturing cause and effect, and using cause and effect.

I just don't know if I can gain something after answering "the chicken lays the egg, the egg lays the chicken".

Thinking of this, Li Chen no longer hesitated.

Let's start with the theory of 'big bang'.

In his previous life, he was the lucky one of the fifteen-year cold window.

Although I only have a half-knowledge of many scientific knowledge, the most basic logic is still there.

"The Art of Changing Career by Cause and Effect" is also unexpected, and I listen to it with gusto.

Lichen thought: Maybe I discuss the origin of all things from a scientific point of view, which can inspire it to break through the limitations of its own religiousism.

This is a good research topic.

Popular science gradually deepened.

After the Big Bang, the Milky Way was formed.

"Karma Changing Jobs" went down for the first time.

Countless garbled characters appeared on the Jieyu mirror:


It took about a cup of tea before I recovered.

[Huh~ This world is actually just a star in the sky? ! 】

【How big~how vast~】

Thinking of this, Li Chen suddenly felt blessed, and replied:

【Buddha said: One flower one world, one leaf one Bodhi. 】

The voice just fell.

The scriptures of "Karma Transformation Jue" emit ten thousand golden lights.

"Om~"

All of a sudden the golden light swayed away.

Drilled into Lichen's mind.

He has quick eyesight and quick hands, and he captured it with a speech interpretation mirror.

And those four characters again:

[Enlightenment to golden light! 】

["The Secret of Changing Jobs by Cause and Effect" solves the confusion and unlocks hobbies: scientific exploration. 】

[Status 2: On the road of exploring science, there is always no shortage of surprises, and there is a chance of epiphany. 】

Golden light enters the body.

In an instant, Li Chen's heart shuddered.

Into a mysterious and mysterious state.

The original mind has no form, and the external objects are not stained.

The originally difficult and incomprehensible Zen machine Buddha's words were solved easily.

It was as if the Buddha was giving him enlightenment.

That feeling... old cool.

I do not know how long it has been.

Li Chen woke up again.

There was a flash of light in his eyes, and the things in front of him were still the same as before.

But there is an indescribable mystery.

The wind blows the leaves.

Water comes in and stone comes out.

The flowers bloom and wither.

The grass grows and the warbler flies.

Very mysterious, all kinds of cause and effect.

It's all in the eyes at this moment.

Everything seems to be traceable.

"Causal Transformation Tactics".

Epiphany!

"Cause and Effect Changing Career Art" is divided into two layers.

Big transitions and small transitions.

Small transfers focus on the word 'transfer'.

It can turn the external force to the side and turn the crisis into safety.

And the big change of career focuses on the word "transformation".

Not only can external forces be turned into danger.

It can even be used for your own use.

Repay others with one's own way.

Today's Li Chen can only be regarded as a small change of job entry.

The first weight: unloading force, based on one's own strength, can transfer external force to the feet.

The greater the strength of oneself, the greater the external force that can be unloaded.

It is a perfect match with the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

One for growth, one for transfer.

Perfect!

The next day, early morning.

Empty Nest Temple.

As in the past, salute, morning classes.

It's just that Lisao's cutie is still recuperating in bed.

It may take a while to see him.

After the morning class, the outrageous little monk called Lichen to stop.

Under the rising sun, the little monk's braised egg head became even more ferocious.

But the face is still exquisite and lovely:

"Junior brother, autumn is the time when the forest beasts are most active, and some of them will come out from the depths of the forest to look for food.

So during this period of time, you must pay attention to safety when you go to the killing forest to practice. "

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, then suddenly slapped his head.

Killing Temple has a blood treasure mission every month.

As long as it is completed, you can receive three blood pills.

Huaxue Pill is refined from the essence and blood of beasts and precious medicinal materials.

One Blood Transformation Pill can last for ten days.

And after eating, you don't need to drink blood and you won't be backlashed by exercises.

The five major monasteries of Shasheng Temple all have methods of cultivating with blood.

Therefore, Huaxue Pill is a hot item in the temple.

Before, he practiced kung fu backfired, so naturally he didn't complete the blood storage task.

Later, although my body got better, the "Blood Transformation Manual" I practiced replaced blood with wine, and the effect was better.

So I put this matter behind me.

The three Blood Transformation Pills are also worth a lot of contribution.

How silly, really.

"Thank you brother for reminding me, I'm planning to go to Shashenglin these few days."

"If I hadn't been reminded by my senior brother, I'm afraid I would have neglected to take precautions!"

"Brother is to me what water is to fish~"

The sugar-coated shells came one by one, and the outrageous little monk was a little embarrassed.

【It turns out that I am so important to my junior brother. 】

Thinking of this, he suddenly reached into his arms and took out a small porcelain bottle: "Junior brother, my Blood Transformation Pill last month has been useless, just for your self-defense."

Li Chen's heart warmed up, and he said gratefully, "Brother is benevolent and righteous."

Although the young monk is young, he has a warm heart.

"Just return it to me after you complete the task."

Cough, I have to pay it back.

After being separated from the outrageous little monk.

Li Chen came directly to the Hall of Merit.

The Hall of Merit and Virtue is the place where the killing temple releases missions.

Completing tasks or submitting items can be exchanged for merit.

In the same way, the accumulated merits can be exchanged for pills or cheats.

On weekdays, many disciples from the five major monasteries hang out here.

At this time, the morning class had just ended.

There were already people coming and going in the Hall of Merit.

The main hall enshrines a statue of Sakyamuni Buddha.

There are blood-red stripes on the Buddha statue, and there is a killing intent in the solemnity.

There are five powerful characters engraved on the back: kill to protect life.

The killing of living beings in the killing temple is euphemistically called the accumulation of merit.

I saw other disciples gathered around the Buddha.

He also leaned forward.

It turned out that Shakyamuni Buddha sat on a twelve-pin lotus platform.

There is a task hanging on each lotus petal.

Each task has corresponding requirements.

As long as the requirements are met, the position of the petals can be noted.

Then go to the judge monk to accept the task.

And the blood stash mission that Li Chen wanted to find was on the first petal.

[The front is marked: No. 1 in Chinese character A.

Blood storage task: Use leeches to take three buckets of blood and fill it into the blood pool.

Requirements: None.

Task reward: three blood-transforming pills or fifteen merits. 】

Blood leeches are a kind of Gu worm unique to Shasheng Temple.

Once attached to the animal, no matter how thick the skin is, it can absorb blood.

Moreover, this thing has rough skin and thick flesh, which is hard to hurt with ordinary swords.

The Killing Temple used this device to collect animal blood.

Li Chen secretly wrote down the mark.

A pair of eyes stared at the twelve-pin lotus seat.

There are too many tasks above.

Some are looking for some kind of rare medicinal materials.

Some are working together to kill alien beasts.

Suddenly his eyes fixed.

[Collection: bear bile.

Requirements: The bear bile turned in should be complete and fresh.

Quantity: The more the better.

Reward: ten merits.

Publisher: Lonely]

This task is good.

The blood of three fighting beasts can be exchanged for fifteen points of merit.

And a pair of bear gallbladder can be directly exchanged for ten points of merit.

Really good deal.

That's all for you.

Number: C character seventeen.

Li Chen wrote down the number, turned around and came to the task junction.

A square table, a judge monk.

He holds a brush in one hand and a merit book in the other.

The disciple's task card is being verified.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		