

"It's not good, it's really not good."

The audience shook their heads strangely.

Relying on his superiority in body skills, Li Shen had already gained the upper hand, but it seemed that he hadn't exerted his full strength yet.

""Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow" is worthy of being a miraculous technique created by our ancestors. Just this teleportation technique, I call him a hooligan, no one objected, right?"

"Unpredictable, unpredictable, worthy of being a patriarch."

"This body technique, coupled with the handsome face of the little monk, hehe, kill indiscriminately!"

"You're thinking about shit."

"If it continues like this, Junior Brother Li Chen will probably lose."

"Be careful~!"

The group of monks exclaimed.

But at Li Shen's feet, Feng Xu Yufeng, the crystal knife in his hand disappeared in an instant.

Li Chen simply closed his eyes, relying entirely on the "Music Art of Listening Truth" to sense it.

Combined with the bristling hair on the head, no matter how small the movement is, it cannot escape.

As soon as the attracting and repelling force of "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" was released, Li Shen's blade began to be difficult to hold.

Li Chen swung out his palm, and he was in the shape of a dragon again. Li Shen repeated his old trick, and retreated with his body.

But just when his old power was gone and new power was not born, Li Chen suddenly went uncharacteristically, fitting himself into a shadow, and slammed towards him.

Aww~

This time it came suddenly, and the elephant shadow was wider, more magnificent than the dragon shadow.

Even though Li Shen was very skilled, he couldn't dodge this blow at all, but he showed no fear on his face.

Instead, his eyes were fixed, and his hands were placed on his chest, unexpectedly wanting to use his physical body to forcibly take this blow.

bang~

The pictographic phantom flashed with lightning and hit him head-on, Li Shen was knocked into the air.

Just when the group of monks thought that he must be severely injured, a dazzling white light suddenly lit up in the sky.

The white light is condensing into a snake shape, different from Li Chen's phantom dragon image, this white snake is pure and flawless, as if it has substance.

Facing the phantom of the giant elephant in front of Li Chen, he suddenly opened his bloody mouth.

Ka~

One bite!

Snake-shaped hovering, elephant shadow dissipated...

Snake swallows elephants!

The white snake raised its head, and white smoke came out of its mouth.

Turning around, he entangled Li Shen's body again, swallowing snake letters.

Congenital Ning Gang!

The monks were shocked.

The entire blood test was silent, and all eyes were on Li Shen.

"He actually broke through the Houtian realm!"

"Hiding so deep?!"

"Junior Brother Lichen...dangerous~"

"Damn it, with this strength, you actually fished in the secret realm of the blood sea, and let Junior Brother Lichen take the blame."

"Trash~"

Bi Qi stared at Gang Qi Huffing and Thumping, and didn't know how to write for a moment.

Although his eyes are cross-eyed, they are very focused, and they are rare spiritual eyes in the world. Anyone who looks at them can tell the blood, and they will never fail.

But I don't know why, but I just can't see through the root of Li.

He guessed that Li Shen was covered by treasures, so his spiritual eyes couldn't see through it.

When Li participated in the Lishou martial arts competition before, he guessed that Li Shen was hiding his strength, but he didn't expect Li Shen to hide it so deeply.

The other party not only successfully broke through the Houtian Dzogchen, but also released the Gang Qi, and even condensed into a Gang shape.

After a while, he wrote on the paper: Li Shen, congenitally condensed, with unpredictable strength, should be listed as the top three of the nine generations, with average character...

The corner of Li Chen's mouth twitched on the other side of the blood-testing rock: MD, I seem to be pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger.

After innate, it can release true energy and turn it into stellar energy.

And the Gang Qi can be condensed into a Gang shape, which has extraordinary powers.

After all, his dragon elephant's true meaning was just a phantom, so it was swallowed by the white snake Ning Gang on Li Can's body.

He squinted his eyes, how many secrets does Senior Brother Li Shen still have.

"Senior brother hides really deeply."

Li Chen smiled lightly on his face, but in his heart he had already scolded Li Can's eighteen generations of ancestors.

Li Shen sighed lightly: "Junior brother, don't blame you, things in practice are changeable, and if you hide a little bit of your true nature, there will always be times when it will be useful."

"For example at this time."

As soon as the words fell, Li Shen and White Snake Ninggang disappeared at the same time.

The next moment, Li Chen sensed a wave coming from his side, and the repulsive force of the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" was released.

Li Shen stopped two steps in front of him, but the white snake Ninggang seemed not to be affected by the repulsion, and opened his bloody mouth to bite towards Li Chen's face.

Li Chen was taken aback, he begged the Buddha to retreat four or five steps madly, and the greedy toad rosary in his hand flew forward and backward in the style of 'Kanglong Yougui'.

Colliding with the white snake Ninggang.

Bang~ bang~ twice.

The white snake Ninggang was staggered, climbed up Li Shen's body again, spouted fierce gas from his mouth, and chose to eat someone.

Once this happened, Li Chen became more cautious, and immediately used "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" to fight with Li Shen, and at the same time used "Ling Long Mind Scheming" to control the two rosary beads to interfere with the white snake's condensate.

The two fought fast, and in the blink of an eye, they had already exchanged several moves.

After Li Can broke out of the innate realm, he really didn't care about it anymore, no matter how he maneuvered, dodged, or attacked, he was much stronger than before.

On the other hand, Li Chen originally used offense as defense, but now he regards defense as offense, his body is stretched left and right, and his feet are a little messy.

In the eyes of others, Lichen has reached the end of the road, and there is no chance of turning defeat into victory.

So after another dozen tricks.

Li Chen suddenly raised his arms high and roared angrily. The next moment, two fiery arms emerged from under his ribs. There were flame patterns flowing on the arms, which were red lotuses blooming.

"What is this?"

"Could it be also the congenital Ning Gang?"

"Impossible, the Congenital Condensation Gang is condensed from the Gang Qi, but it is self-contained and consumes the Gang Qi.

But you can see that there is no trace of gang energy on Junior Brother Lichen's body, and the pair of arms seem to grow under his ribs, and there are red lotus flames on the arms, which are definitely not innate gang energy. "

At this time, Qi Qi who had been silent all this time suddenly said, "That should be a supernatural power."

As soon as these words came out, the surrounding monks exploded.

"Supernatural powers?!"

"Brother Bi Qi is right."

"What are you thinking? Senior Brother Biqi was born with spiritual eyes. He said it was supernatural powers, so it must be supernatural powers."

"Supernatural power against Xiantian Ninggang... It seems that Junior Brother Lichen is doing it again."

Ning Gang was practiced by monks in the innate realm, while supernatural powers were created by semi-sages in the inquiring realm.

Comparing the two realms, one can make a judgment.

Looking at the blood test rock again, after Li Chen's angry hands were released, the pressure on his body immediately decreased.

The four arms are either advancing or retreating, defending or attacking, sometimes using the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers", and sometimes using "Linglong Mind Scheming" to control Tanchan's rosary.

For a while, the two were evenly divided.

At this moment, Li Shen used "Inviting Moon and Sky Shadow" to bully him again, and the crystal knife in his hand slashed straight at Li Chen's chest and abdomen.

Now that he had revealed his innate strength, he never restrained himself. The blade condensed into a line, and disappeared in half, only the scorching heat came from the air.

Li Chen sensed the fluctuations with his dull hair, and he also knew the power of this saber, but instead of retreating, he advanced, and when his body fitted together, he turned into a huge shadow, and charged straight at Li Can.

With a smile on Li Shen's face, the white snake on his body spit out the snake letter, and bumped head-on at the elephant shadow on Li Chen's body.

He also said that Lichen didn't have a long memory, and he was about to repeat the same trick, using the white snake to swallow the true meaning of the dragon elephant like before.

All the monks in the audience held their breaths. Both sides came up with unique moves in this move, and there was a potential for a showdown.

Seeing the white snake Ninggang on Li Can's body open his bloody mouth, he wanted to repeat the same trick, and when he sang 'Snake Tunxiang' again.

Li Chen's angry hands suddenly released wind and thunder, and he seemed not to be afraid of the qi, and grabbed the white snake Ning Gang...

PS: 3.11 is on the shelves, at least five more, and please support the parents of food and clothing~~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		