

The blood-winged black mosquito is an ancient alien species that can devour the essence of flesh and blood, and can also lay eggs in living beings.

[What a pure smell of blood! 】

【Give me a baby! 】

Li Chen shuddered, it was so disgusting.

He couldn't help but think of the centurion of Asura who once said that if he was captured without a fight, he would let the other disciples on the blood shadow ship go.

Presumably they have the ability to perceive a person's physique.

Lichen is the body of Xutuopanna, the four elements are all empty, and the body has long been untainted by mundane dust.

In terms of pure blood, he is indeed the best candidate.

The blood-winged black mosquito lays eggs and has relatively high requirements for flesh and blood.

The purer the host's blood, the easier it is to hatch. On the contrary, if the blood is mixed, it will never be able to hatch.

Like the Asura tribe, they were born in a sea of ​​blood, and their blood was mixed. Even if they were hatched by blood-winged black mosquitoes, they would never be able to hatch.

So the eggs absorb the essence and become Shura beads.

And seeing Li Chen's flesh and blood being extremely pure at this time, it's no wonder that he suddenly became violent.

It's just that although this mosquito is evil, its morality is really average, even worse than the giant Asura I saw in the tunnel before.

However, it grew three pairs of wings, and its speed was extremely fast. Li Chen's attacks landed in the air one after another.

But it is also difficult to break through Li Chen's repulsive force and seeking Buddha's body method.

Both sides had nothing to do with each other, and the scene was a little anxious for a while.

buzz~

Inexplicable fluctuations sounded.

Li Chen secretly said badly.

Sure enough, Asura below heard the strange noise and climbed up one after another.

Seeing that the situation was not good, Li Chen flicked the rosary in his hand, hitting Li Sao who was hanging upside down.

Li Sao's body trembled, and then she woke up from the coma.

"Where am I?"

He looked around for a week, only to find Li Chen and the blood-winged black mosquito, and immediately shouted: "Brother, why did you come here!"

"This mosquito is about to kill me!"

The corner of Lichen's mouth twitched, and he didn't know how it bit him, so he hurriedly said: "Junior brother, this mosquito is a bit tricky, you can break free first and then talk about it."

Li Sao's talent was no less than that of Li Chen before him, and with all his blood-colored true energy, the blood mist on his body was immediately unbearable, and soon showed signs of breaking.

At this time, the blood-winged black mosquito couldn't hold back, after all, Li Sao still had its flesh and blood on his body, so it flew towards Li Sao.

How could Lichen make him happy, two Tanchan rosary beads flew out, just blocking its way,

There is a natural fit between Tan Chan Rosary and "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers".

With one punch, the two rosary beads will meet each other.

The blood-winged black mosquito was blocked in its way, but it refused to give up. Suddenly, it spread its six wings, and its figure exploded.

Unexpectedly, when passing by a rosary, a blue flame suddenly lit up on the rosary.

The flames are seductive, directly contaminating the body.

Wow~

Blue flames danced in the cave.

squeak~

There was a sharp sound.

There was a churning in the blood pool, and it was the blood-winged black mosquito in the pool awakened by the severe pain.

Hula~

A black mist hit Li Chen.

Li Chen sneered in his heart, and with a push and a pull with his hands, the invisible gravitational force instantly gathered the blood mosquitoes into clusters.

A little bit of biphosphor sparks followed.

Crackling.

Countless blood mosquitoes turned into fly ash.

Li Chen stretched out his hand to capture the blood-winged black mosquito, which made a creaking sound as if it was tormenting in the flames.

This encounter was deliberately done by Li Chen, but he did not expect that it would be feasible after a try.

The blood-winged black mosquito is also tough, now covered in green phosphorous fire, and still wants to struggle, but Li Chen doesn't help it, just letting it toss.

Turning to rescue Li Sao, he looked him up and down: "Junior brother, how... how do you feel?"

"Um?"

"feel good."


When the blood-winged black mosquito was dying from the fire, Li Chen summoned the second rosary.

Since this rosary regained its spirituality, it has not met a suitable bead spirit.

Although the blood-winged black mosquito is evil in nature, it is a strange beast from heaven and earth. It has the same blood as the ancient mosquito Taoist, so it can also be used as the choice of pearl spirits.

Speaking of Taoist Mosquito, he is even more ruthless.

First, he sucked up all the flesh and blood essence of the Holy Mother of the Turtle Spirit, and then sucked up the third-grade Golden Lotus of Creation that received and guided the Taoist priest.

In comparison, this one just raised a group of Asuras, which is not earth-shattering.

As soon as the rosary fell, the blood-winged black mosquito still wanted to struggle, but it was in vain.

There was a flash of light in front of its eyes, and the color between the sky and the earth had already changed.

After reacting again, he had come to a chaotic space.

At this time, a circle of light lit up on the head of the blood-winged black mosquito, and then disappeared in a flash.

【This is where? 】

The thought in the heart of the blood-winged black mosquito flashed in the mirror of interpretation.

Even in such a situation, its eyes are still full of fierceness.

"Amitabha, this is the supernatural space of the little monk."

【let me out! Or it sucks you dry. 】

Li Chen sneered: "It's very good, it's okay to go out."

"There are two paths. One is to listen to my orders and become the pearl spirit of this space. You can evolve this small world into any environment you need and practice on your own."

[Don't even think about it! 】

"The second one is to crush you to ashes and reincarnate you."

The blood-winged black mosquito glanced at Li Chen gloomily, but was secretly planning in his heart.

[There is a third way, which is to suck you dry and take away your chance! 】

It flew up suddenly, turned into a phantom, and flew straight towards Li Chen's thought.

The blood-winged black mosquito bites everything.

At this moment, the golden ring on its head, which had been disappearing for a while, suddenly lit up.

The blood-winged black mosquito lost all strength immediately.

This golden light is the innate supernatural power of Tanchan's rosary, and it's called the 'mantra of keeping the precepts'.

As long as in the rosary world, every living being will be cast this mantra, and when there is a heart of resistance, it will manifest.

Once you are bound by the halo, no matter how much you can do, you can only bear with it and let go of your obsessions.

When Li Chen caught Liao Wo, Liao Wo was naturally convinced, but this supernatural power did not manifest.

At this time, the blood-winged black mosquito was the first to taste it.

[I hate monks the most. 】

Hate the monk most?

Li Chen frowned and asked, "Have you met other monks?"

The blood-winged black mosquito snorted coldly and didn't want to say more.

Li Chen chuckled: "You don't have the right to choose yet."

As soon as the words fell, the 'mantra of keeping the precepts' lit up.

The bloodwing black mosquito rolled on the ground in pain again.

Soon it's gone.

[A long time ago, a monk escaped from me. 】

【However, he is also having a hard time. After being bitten by me, he will probably suffer from itching every few days. 】

When Li Chen heard the words, he felt thoughtful.


The blood-winged black mosquito was sternly manipulated by the 'spell of keeping the precepts', and soon agreed to become a pearl spirit.

As Li Chen expected, this space was transformed into a blood sea world by it.

In the center of the space, like the Jade World, there is also a giant tree.

It's just different from the giant emerald tree. This bone tree has skin like bones and veins like blood.

The blood-winged black mosquito made its home on the bone tree, changing its initial rebellion.

The world of Lingzhu evolved from the energy of chaos. In terms of spirituality, it far exceeds the secret realm of the blood sea, so the blood-winged black mosquito naturally has no rebellious heart.

Its problem is solved, but there is another problem that has become more difficult.


"Brother, you rescued me, why are you still depressed?"

Li Sao stretched heartlessly, and behind him, the emerald green fire was shining in the crypt.

Li Chen looked at the relaxed Li Sao, and for no reason, he saw a bit of maternal brilliance...

PS: Thank you Chenguangtu, Kawei, and Beibei Xuanwu No. 2 for your great rewards~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		