

"Human, blood essence."

The woman took a small step forward, the white snow in the middle trembled.

Gudong~

It is undeniable that Beauty and the Beast has a strong visual impact.

Especially when the charm of this woman is against the sky, and her demeanor is relatively informal.

"Brothers, I feel a little wronged, I will deal with this female monster."

"Sao, you can't handle this female monster. Senior brother can't let you put yourself in danger. Let senior brother come."

"Ahem, master once said that I will be destined for a catastrophe, and I need a female benefactor to be transformed..."

Even Li Ge, who was nicknamed 'dumb', said shyly, "She has a relationship with the poor monk..."

This is probably the sentence with the most words in his life.

Only the parting couldn't stand it anymore, he sighed and said: "It is recorded in the "Yan Leng Sutra" that the blood sea represents the Asura tribe, the male body is ugly, and the female body is beautiful."

"Now it seems that they are undoubtedly the Asura clan."

"Asura?! Not human?"

Parting nodded.

At this time, Li Sao asked weakly: "Is the structure the same?"

cough cough.

"Junior Brother Sao, do you... have any little thoughts?"

"Ha, brother... aren't you curious?"

"It's not good for you to be like this, but judging from its appearance, it has all seven orifices."

"Hey hey, brother, so you like this one."

The five of them laughed 'giegiegie' on the deck.

But the next second I couldn't laugh anymore.

Because a bloody long whip suddenly appeared in the beauty's hand.

Crackling~

A ray of blood in the sky happened to hit Li Sao's body.

"Ah~"

"Ah~"

I saw him rolling all over the ground in pain, Li Zhen's eyes were fixed, and he thought that there must be blood poison on the whip.

But in the next second Li Sao suddenly sat up from the ground: "Ah... so comfortable."

Everyone: ...

The two monsters were also taken aback, why didn't he suffer from blood poisoning?

They didn't know that Li Sao practiced "Blood Clothes Sutra" by soaking in fresh blood on weekdays.

And blood poison is the essence extracted from the sea of ​​blood. Others may be afraid, but to Li Sao, who has already developed resistance, it is just training.

After being whipped by this whip, Li Sao actually felt comfortable all over, and the "Blood Clothes Sutra" actually grew somewhat.

"Go on, don't stop."

Li Sao's eyes were filled with anticipation, and he couldn't get everyone together at once.

Li Shen took a step back in embarrassment: "My little monk once heard that there is a habit in the world, ahem, it is somewhat similar to Junior Brother Sao's."


Seeing Li Sao's wretched face, the male monster was already furious, and immediately swept the chain in his hand.

Li Geng was also a ruthless man, he swung the Jiedao in his hand and headed straight up.

However, as soon as the two collided, they felt a domineering true energy enter the body, and the blood knife in their hands could hardly be controlled.

Just like Li ginseng just now, take a small step back.

He suppressed the discomfort in his body: "Huanxue Zhenqi is really domineering."

Just now when Li Geng fought against the monster, he also suffered the same dark loss, but he didn't say much.

Thinking of this, he glanced at Li Shen fiercely, and cursed in his heart: "Old cunt beep."

As the fundamental inheritance of the empty nest monastery, "Huaxue Zhenjing" is said to have evolved from half of the scriptures of the ancestor Minghe.

Accounted for three points of the "overbearing" of Patriarch Minghe, in terms of power alone, other monasteries are indeed hard to come by.

Huh~

When his luck was suppressed, the two Asuras on the opposite side were not idle.

The javelin and the blood whip attacked at the same time.

As the first disciple of the Nine Generations, Farewell naturally would not stand idly by, only to see him swinging the javelin away with his hands in the air.

It is the secret biography "Half Thought Palm" of Yixin Temple.

It is said that this palm technique comes first and comes out after a half-thought, at this time it seems that it is as it is in the rumors.

It's just that the blood and true energy entered the body, and the brows were slightly frowned when they parted.

On the other side, Li Sao blocked the blood whip.

There was a clear 'crack' sound, if it was drawn on the body of an ordinary disciple, it would inevitably tear the flesh and blood into the body.

But it was just a red mark on him.

That beautiful woman from the Asura clan couldn't help but raise her eyebrows, just when she was about to continue beating, Li Ge's flying sword was already approaching.

Compared with the others, Li Ge's cultivation may not be the highest, but his combat experience is undoubtedly the richest.

It is not for nothing that one person completes one-third of the task.

No matter the timing, angle or attack method, they are all extremely tricky.

The two Asuras had to turn offense into defense, and Changsuo retreated.

Crash.

A series of noises.

Both sides have their own temptations.

Suddenly the Asura man turned his head to the sky and screamed.

Soon, there were responses one after another in the mist.

Li Sao was taken aback for a moment: "They shook people."

Parting with a serious face, he turned his head and said in a loud voice: "A powerful enemy is attacking, set up a 'killing array'!"

The Killing Formation is a formation created by Monk Bukong according to the characteristics of the five Buddhist monasteries.

Three or more people can form an formation, and the formation can take advantage of the characteristics of each monastery.

For example, the deployment of Yixin Temple, the perception of Shuangcheng Temple, the attack and defense of Sanbao Temple, and the protection and supply of Four Noble Temple.

The Empty Nest Temple is an exception, it can be interspersed with formations, and soldiers can make strange moves.

The next moment all the disciples appeared on the deck.

With the chief of the Five Chanyuan as the center, they form their own formations.

Li Sao has passed the addiction of being a chief, but unfortunately he is a poor commander.

"coming!"

"Buddha bestows three treasures!"

Take a longer drink.

All the disciples of the Three Treasures Chanyuan suddenly jumped up, or sticks, or knives, or sticks, and joined together in the air.

Just listening to 'Ding Ding Dang Dang', a rain of arrows hit.

They were all knocked to the ground.

There were also a few arrows, which avoided all obstacles and hit the disciples behind.

"Ah~"

"The Four Noble Truths are opened!"

Li Zhen gave an order, and dozens of disciples from the Four Truths Temple came out.

They first pulled the injured disciple away, then took out a shield-shaped magic weapon from their body, folded it into a wall, and blocked it in front.

The Four Noble Truths are mostly inherited from sects, and many disciples are good at guarding, and they often have shield-shaped magic weapons to protect their bodies.

Bass mist.

With the shield wall, those arrows are really hard to do.

"Double vehicles are enlightened!"

A gust of wind came, blowing away some of the mist.

The direction is exactly the direction the arrow came from.

I could only see a dense mass of human heads in front of me.

The man is extremely ugly, that's all.

The women are extremely beautiful, and most of them are naked.

Many disciples have seen this scene before, and they couldn't help but feel turbulent.

This is a mental attack!

"One mind and one mind!"

A farewell shout was like the legendary 'lion's roar'.

Wherever the sound waves reached, the disciples recovered their sanity one after another.

Hulala~

A giant meteor hammer suddenly hit from the front.

Even though everyone has set up a killing formation, they can't help but feel terrified.

"The Four Noble Truths!"

All the shields seem to be connected together, turning into a huge phantom shield.

clatter~

There was a loud bang.

The giant shield only slowed down the Meteor Hammer.

After all, it failed to block its castration, and the disciples of the Four Noble Truth Temple fell to the ground.

"Three Treasures Destiny Guest!"

Many magic weapons flew out, and only then did the meteor hammer stop the castration.

However, the confrontation between the two armies is probably a bloody battle.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		