

"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" are themselves passive skills.

The bond of 'Buddha Light' has naturally been activated.

But Lichen didn't feel anything.

Open the interpreter mirror and take a photo.

Handsome as yesterday.

The style remains the same.

The Buddha's light has no external manifestations.

Li Chen's hanging heart can be regarded as letting go.

If this really manifested, the entire Shasheng Temple should slice itself.

He changed his posture and continued to study the Lotus Sutra.

At this moment, the greedy toad rosary in his hand trembled suddenly.

During this period of time, although he was concentrating on the "Lotus Sutra".

But the greedy toad rosary in his hand has never stopped fiddling.

Just now it suddenly became hot.

Lichen was so frightened that he let go quickly.

Unexpectedly, words were immediately reflected in the interpretation mirror:

[Don't...stop, don't...stop! 】

Li Chen was stunned.

What does it mean?

After a little hesitation, he reached out and held the rosary.

Make it up again.

Compared to the lackluster ones of the other thirty-five grains.

This rosary bead, which was specially cared for by Li Chen, has an extra layer of paste on the outside.

Now it has become oily and smooth, crystal clear.

[Hurry up! 】

The temperature of the rosary is constantly escalating.

Now it is faintly glowing red.

Li Chen unconsciously speeded up.

[More force! 】

That's a lot to ask for.

So I added another three points of strength.

Not long.

That rosary is like being out of control.

Unexpectedly, it miraculously got rid of the shackles of other rosary beads and floated up by itself.

And it slowly grew bigger in front of Lichen's eyes.

In the blink of an eye, it was already the size of a steamed bun.

【Get up...take off...】

[Take off...! 】

【y……m……d……】

【(*////▽////*)q~~】

Just listen to the sound of 'buzz'.

The rosary escaped from Lichen's palm.

Twirling in the void.

It lasted about the time of a cup of tea.

Then it slowly fell into Li Chen's hands again.

【Greedy toad rosary has recovered its spirituality. 】

[Successfully unlock personality: Ruyi]

[Ruyi: Each rosary bead that restores spirituality can be changed according to one's heart (the upper limit increases with the increase of spirituality). 】

[Successfully unlocked personality: lock demon. 】

[Monster lock: Every toad rosary that restores spirituality will unlock the chaotic space, which can imprison a monster as a bead spirit, and the space will automatically evolve according to the attributes of the bead spirit. 】

Li Chen was shocked.

Isn't this the elf ball!

Can also catch little monsters.

If you catch a female goblin...wouldn't it be...

Cough cough cough.

【Greedy toad rosary

Grade: Heaven-rank magic weapon (disabled)

Personality: Ruyi, lock demon.

State: physical pleasure, unable to fill the emptiness in the heart, and the reaction is slow at this time.

Description: I want to find a little monster and talk about a vigorous love. 】

shameless.

Li Chen thought about it.

The rosary will be suspended automatically.

Rosary beads can change as you wish.

Li Chen tried to make it bigger and smaller, lighter and heavier.

After a series of trial and error.

He finally discovered the limits of the rosary.

The biggest can only be the same as basketball.

The smallest one can become a grain of rice.

It can weigh up to a hundred catties.

Lighter than a feather, it is suspended in mid-air.

The size of the rosary is related to the spirituality of the rosary itself.

Li Chen found that continuing to use it now seems to no longer increase spirituality.

It seems that another method needs to be found.

With a heartbeat, the bead returned to Li Chen's neck.

He held the rosary in both hands.

Separate a trace of mind and escape into the rosary space.

The interior of the rosary forms its own space.

Spatial equipment needs to communicate with divine sense.

Sure enough, Li Chen successfully entered it on the first attempt.

The rosary space seems to be very large, but it is shrouded in layers of fog.

He remembered the description of the personality of the 'lock demon'.

The inner space of the spirit bead will only evolve automatically after having the bead spirit.

So it's still a blank slate.

is an undeveloped space.

Just when Li Chen wanted to exit.

There was a black shadow in front of him.

When I got closer, I saw that it was a stone tablet about ten feet high.

The stele is somewhat mottled, but there is a picture engraved on it.

It is vaguely a scene of a monk worshiping Buddha.

I saw the monk frowning, as if he was sighing.

It seems that there are thousands of troubles in my heart, but there is nowhere to vent them.

Li Chen was engrossed in watching, when suddenly a deep roar came from his ear: "One hundred and eight troubles, I just ask for a prayer."

Suddenly, the monk on the stele moved.

He tilted his upper body slightly.

Open your hands and place them on either side.

I trembled all over.

Stumbled on the wrong foot.

Even put on a very strange posture.

Looked motionless.

But the next moment, the body suddenly stretched forward.

Both palms turn left and right.

Turn sharply.

All kinds of changes took place in the blink of an eye.

There was another roar: "Holding the palms together for salvation, taking refuge in the Pure Land."

Finally, it turned into a golden light and shot straight into Lichen's eyes.

Lichen Fuling's heart is here, if you feel it.

Move your body with your palms, move left and right.

Every move is exactly the same as the monk on the stone tablet.

For some reason, following his moves, countless troubles arose in his heart.

The further you go, the more troubles you have, and the heavier the moves.

The body still has no intention of stopping.

In the end, Li Chen's heart was overwhelmed by endless troubles.

Unknowingly, the gigantic strength on his body no longer left any strength left.

I just feel troubles in my chest, like overwhelming the river.

And I am like a long embankment thousands of miles away, about to fall far away.

His hands moved closer together with difficulty.

But there seem to be endless obstacles.

Can never get together.

Hesitant and imprisoned.

If you want Buddha, you can't get it.

At this moment, Li Chen finally felt the annoyance of the stone stele monk.

It is helplessness, disappointment, pessimism, despair, collapse...

or...

It's an explosion!

On the nick of time.

Unlimited potential suddenly burst out from Li Chen.

Hands together without hesitation.

Just at this very moment.

Those troubles that make people burnt out.

Finally found a breakthrough

Suddenly gather in front of yourself.

Boom!

The whole space seemed to be collapsing.

Everything in front of me disappeared.

Only Li Chen was extremely peaceful.

this moment.

It was Pan Ran who was hit hard and repented.

It is the epiphany in the heart of waking up from a big dream.

It is the great enlightenment of morning bell and evening drum.

Lichen smiled.

This mind is unobstructed, this thought is accessible.

There is already an extra peerless knowledge in my mind——"Hundred Eight Trouble Worship · Greedy One Style"

["Hundred Eight Troubled Worship" has psychic potential. 】

[Successful awakening of elementary wisdom. 】

[Hundred Eight Troubles Worship · Greedy One Style

Personality: Defeat

State 1: When a move is blocked/dodged/dissolved, the next blow will be strengthened.

State 2: When the hands are clasped together, the power of all the previous moves will be combined into one and exploded.

State 3: After defeating the enemy, the killing intent can be collected, and the killing intent can be triggered after meeting the requirements.

Description 1: The Buddha observed the sufferings of all living beings, and turned all the troubles in the world into one hundred and eight unique skills.

Description 2: One hundred and eight troubles, just ask for one obeisance, hemas to transcend, and the pure land of bliss.

Description 3: It's been annoying recently. 】

Invincible is so lonely...

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		