

"Meteor fire fork, hidden in a secret place by the monk."

The Blood Dragon King put away the Dinghai Pearl, his gaze became sharper: "What do you want?"

The corner of Li Chen's mouth smiled, as expected of the owner of the Dragon Palace, he got straight to the point: "I want to play chess with you..."

"If the Dragon King wins, I will tell you where the Meteor Fire Fork is. If the little monk wins, please ask the Dragon King to raise his hand."

The Blood Dragon King was stunned for a moment, and his eyes were slightly contemptuous: "Little monk, you can think clearly, this king has studied Go for a hundred years."

Li Chen glanced at the entry form on the table: He is so ordinary, yet so confident...

The Blood Dragon King snorted coldly: "Overestimate your own strength. After you lose, don't say that this king bullies you. A hundred years of chess strength...cough cough."

I'm afraid of myself~

The dragon tying was originally the blood dragon king's property, but when he raised his hand, the dragon opened his mouth, turned into a rope and flew back into the dragon king's sleeve.

Li Chen regained his freedom, stretched his arms, he was indeed much lighter, he said that barefoot people are not afraid of wearing shoes, anyway, he has no scruples, he walked straight into the gazebo and sat at the table.

This made the Blood Dragon King look at him with admiration. Could it be that he is still a good player? If this is the case, it is really a match for chess.

The Blood Dragon Palace is very large, and the gazebo stands on top of the coral. There is a plaque on it, with three gold characters stamped on it: Fengbo Pavilion.

In the Fengbo Pavilion, the wind and waves stopped, and indeed the rippling of the sea stopped here.

It's just that this place is a bit empty, and the surrounding guards are hundreds of meters away from the pavilion, so it should be Dragon King Xijing.

Li Chen was probably the first person who dared to walk in with such a big thorn.

The Blood Dragon King was not angry and arrogant, he flicked his sleeves, and didn't care about Li Chen's anti-customer just now, so he sat down opposite Li Chen.

Lichen holds white, and the Blood Dragon King holds black.

Li Chen laid a son first, followed by the Blood Dragon King, and the two laid down very quickly at first.

Li Chen thought to himself: Blood Dragon King has not spent a hundred years in vain, at least he took the first few steps quite calmly.

Compared with Monk Ji Ding, it is between brothers.

There are more and more chess pieces on the chessboard, and the speed of the two is getting slower and slower. The Blood Dragon King is hesitant to move, and it is only now that he has figured out the taste: the boy of emotion is the Go formula that he has comprehended for a hundred years ago.

The Blood Dragon King snorted coldly in his heart: If there is a way to heaven, you don't go, and if there is no way to hell, you break in. This king has been enlightened for a hundred years, do you think it was given for nothing?

When the two sides were coming and going, Li Chen was not idle, and secretly observed with the interpreter mirror, it was really hazy, the Blood Dragon King is the master of the sea of ​​blood, so naturally there is no lack of the method of the primordial spirit to cover.

The Blood Dragon King's complexion gradually became dignified, and his brows slowly frowned. At this time, every move had to go through a lot of deliberation.

Li Chen secretly laughed in his heart: It must be that the Blood Dragon King's chess strength is limited, and he is already tired of dealing with it.

Thinking of this, he picked up a chess piece and was about to make a move. At this moment, the sea water around him was suddenly surging, and the chessboard in front of him seemed to be infinitely enlarged.

At this moment, Li Chen turned into a speck of dust and fell between the eighteen vertical and horizontal moats. Suddenly, there was a blur in front of his eyes, and there were bursts of noise in his ears...

Li Chen didn't care about him, he just felt that he was like duckweed in the sea, drifting around, the world was coming, and he disappeared after a turbulent wave.

It turned out that the Blood Dragon King did not know what tricks, and two huge waves, one black and one white, rolled up around the Fengbo Pavilion, just in time for the changes in their respective chess games.

Suddenly, the sunspot in the hands of the Blood Dragon King settled down, and a black spear appeared outside the Storm Pavilion.

Shua~

Breaking through the heavy waves, the spear came straight.

Li Chen was taken aback, at the very moment, he picked up a chess piece to block in front, suddenly a huge white wave came from the side and turned into a big shield, just blocking the way of the spear.

Bang~

Spears were nailed to the ground, and great shields were tilted to one side.

It was only then that Li Chen suddenly realized, no wonder the surroundings of this storm pavilion are so empty.

This big black and white wave, the two confronting each other, immediately caused heavy ripples, and it was actually endless.

Huh~

One piece after another, the sunspots continued to attack continuously, while the white pieces were relatively conservative, just wandering around.


Bang~

The two sides have their own confrontations and their own layouts.

The chess game is one scene, and the outside of the Fengbo Pavilion is another scene.

Is this the perception of the blood dragon king who has been enlightened for a hundred years? The game of chess is based on layout calculations, but the Blood Dragon King is not limited to Go itself, but turns the situation of the chessboard into a battle. It has both the changeability of Go and the danger of killing.

Li Chen sensed slightly that the huge white waves around him were his foundation. He was caught off guard just now and blocked indiscriminately, which almost ruined the strategic layout.

The most important thing in Go is the ability to take one step and see three moves, and if you are not careful, you will lose the whole game.

With the whistling sound of waves in their ears, each of them was entrenched, and Li Chen finally figured out some experience.

For a while, you come and go, each with his own plan.

snap~

Li Chen gave birth to another son.

Immediately, Baizi's qi machine overwhelmed Heizi, and the white waves around him suddenly rolled, blocking all the black waves in their way.

This is the first time that Li Chen has changed from passive to active.

How could the Blood Dragon King be the easy one? The moment the sunspot fell, the situation changed again. All the black energy connected with each other and turned into a black snake entrenched on the eighteenth moat.

If the black snake had spirituality, it would summon wind and rain as soon as it appeared, and in an instant, the whole game of Go would be turned into a haze.

Originally outstretched, he suddenly turned around and started chasing and intercepting Bailang.

The so-called Go is a confrontation of qi and machine, Lichen does not panic, Bailang avoids the edge and waits for the opportunity.

It seemed to be brewing, and it seemed to be dormant. When the Blood Dragon King dropped another son, the world finally changed, the momentum rose in vain, and the black snake danced wildly.

In a blink of an eye, the black snake turned into a dragon and swept across all directions. The white waves retreated one after another, scattered in every corner, trembling.

Li Chen hurriedly used white pieces to fill up the qi, but he still didn't trigger it, and continued to wait for the opportunity, completely losing the intention of competing with Heizi.

The Blood Dragon King was overjoyed when he saw this, and when the black flood dragon transformed into a dragon and swallowed clouds and mist, it was time to slaughter all the white sons.

From the game to the middle game, the situation between the two sides remains the same.

The Blood Dragon King took the lead, and the sunspot in his hand fell again, and the black dragon scale armor appeared, with both form and spirit. As soon as he lingered, black waves rushed towards the dragon body.

In an instant, the sky and the earth were like ink, and the black flood dragon wandered back and forth among the eighteen vertical and horizontal paths, faintly becoming the embryonic form of a dragon.

On the other hand, Baizi is wandering around, his energy is not stable, if he is a little careless, he will be taken advantage of by the black dragon.

Sweat was visible on Li Chen's forehead, although Bai Zi was messy, he had his own layout, but he was holding back now, and it was still not time to explode.

The two sat facing each other, the chess pieces in their hands kept falling, and various wonders appeared around them.

Gradually killing to the end, Heizi's momentum became even stronger.

Aww~

The dragon climbed to a high place, stirring up the wind and cloud, and as the sunspots fell, the black energy gradually condensed again. Just now, he transformed from a snake into a dragon, but now he is about to transform from a dragon into a dragon.

Layers of black air entangled, the black flood dragon became more and more bloated, the dragon's tail, dragon scales, limbs... the scales all over the body became clearer, and two sharp horns had faintly bulged on the head.

Aww~

The small pavilion stands on the top of the coral, and it seems to be crumbling in the turbulent sea.

Lichen in the pavilion, holding a Buddhist bead in one hand and a chess piece in the other, his monk's robe fluttering, his eyes piercing: it's now!

PS: Thanks to the three book friends who are confused and drunk late at night, Shi Lao, and what the hell is Che Zhuzi~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		