

Blood Valley.

A place filled with blood forever.

All the blood collected by the disciples of the killing temple must be poured into the blood river and flow to the blood pool in the forbidden place of killing.

Li Chen once came here to submit the monthly task of "Three Shengs of Beast Blood".

So it can be regarded as a familiar road.

As the colorless mountain gradually slowed down.

A bloody ribbon appeared before Li Chen's eyes.

Eyes full of red transpiration.

There was a strong smell of blood.

In the past, Lichen always came and left in a hurry.

And today he finally had time to observe it carefully.

The Blood River Valley is backed by the Colorless Mountain.

The mountain peaks on both sides continue to castrate, stretching for ten miles.

The ancestors of Shasheng Temple took advantage of the mountain.

Dig the mountain.

Dig out a blood groove around the mountain.

From a distance, the torrent of blood flows down from the top, like a circling red dragon.

There is a third of evil in the spectacle.

The blood is also stained with seven points of magnificence.

Li Chen let out a long breath of foul air.

Until now, he still couldn't get used to the smell of blood.

Turn around the valley gate.

Facing it is a gloomy hall, with the inscription "Blood River Valley".

Since the secret realm of the Sea of ​​Blood is about to open, the tasks of the Hall of Merit have suddenly increased a lot.

So there are not a few disciples traveling here.

Li Chen entered the main hall and went directly to the place where the task was submitted - Bloody Cliff.

It was originally a cliff.

All the blood that passed the test poured down from here.

In this way, relying on the mountain situation, we can guarantee the continuous flow.

Compared with the previous place where the leeches were collected, the number of people here is much smaller.

I saw a sloppy monk holding the scriptures in one hand, and gently stroking the leech's abdomen with the other hand.

Soon the leech spit out a little bright red blood.

The monk didn't care, rubbed it with his fingers, and stuffed it into his mouth.

Suck it carefully.

Soon he frowned: "This blood is fresh in the mouth and has a soft taste, but the aftertaste is slightly astringent. It should be mixed with other things."

"It can only be regarded as a mid-range product."

During the whole process, he stared at the scripture in his hand, rarely leaving his eyes.

Hearing this, the disciple beside him hurriedly explained: "Uncle Shi, you taste it, you taste it carefully."

"This blood was taken from a camel beast this morning, it is absolutely fresh!"

The monk twitched his mouth: "Fart!"

"There is obviously a foul smell."

"what?"

"Uncle, if you say that, when I was taking blood, it was rubbing back and forth on a tree with a crooked neck.

There seems to be something wrong. "

"I watched it for a long time."

"Pit! Pooh!"

The sloppy monk was finally willing to put down the scripture in his hand.

Spit on the ground.

Can't help cursing: "Dog, that camel beast obviously ate epimedium! It's in heat!"

"Don't you understand this! Low grade low grade!"

Draw a mark on the mission card casually.

The disciple could only pick up the leech with a wry smile, and walked away with a full face of injustice.

The slovenly monk was dissatisfied, scooped up a glass of cold water from his hand, rinsed it four or five times before stopping.

He murmured:

"Almost, almost."

There are no women in the Shasheng Temple.

He took a deep breath and just wanted to sit down.

Suddenly, he saw a very handsome young monk standing in front of him.

Immediately you are not polite: "Bring it."

Probably regarded Li Chen as the disciple who submitted the task.

Li Chen smiled all over his face: "Master Ji Ding, I'm not here to hand in the task."

Get out of the way quickly after speaking, and ask the sloppy monk to sit down.

Zen Master Jing Ding was puzzled, his eyes kept looking up and down Li Chen.

The buttocks are already touching the seat.

"Not handing in the task?"

Zen Master Ji Ding looked defensive.

The hand honestly touched the scripture again.

Li Chen took a peek.

On the scriptures, there are vertical and horizontal lines, black and white chess pieces.

It is undoubtedly the chess record.

I found out when Li Chen came to hand in the task last time.

This is probably the only one in the entire Shasheng Temple.

"Then what are you here for?"

Li Chen didn't say much, but his eyes drifted to the scripture in his hand.

"Hey hey."

Monk Ji Ding was stunned for a moment, then he sneered, thinking: Another one who walks in crooked ways.

I also had a disciple before, and I saw that he loved Go.

So in this name, to get closer, to evade tasks, and to seek benefits.

Since then, Chan Master Jing Ding has become more and more wary of those disciples who use the name of Go to please him.

"If you have something to say, if you have nothing to do, get out."

"Don't hinder Buddha's interest here!"

Zen Master Ji Ding gave Li Chen a hard look.

The tone is very fierce.

If it was an ordinary disciple, I'm afraid he would have been scared away long ago.

But Li Chen really came here for Go.

"Uncle Master... I don't have any other intentions, I just want to borrow this chess book to have a look."

When Chan Master Jing Ding heard this, his heart became angry: Is there anyone in Shasheng Temple who is interested in Go?

Yes, myself.

Except for himself, even the mice in the temple only like to practice martial arts.

If this disciple doesn't use his practice on the right path, he is playing tricks again.

At that moment, I decided in my heart that I would never care about Lichen again.

He looked at the chess record in his hand intently.

Li Chen originally thought that Zen Master Ji Ding would feel like he had found a confidant when he saw another player who liked Go.

Until I observe it with the interpretation mirror.

Fang knows the cause and effect.

It turned out that Zen Master Ji Ding was completely scared by those senior brothers who had gone too far.

Seeing that he ignored him, Li Chen's heart skipped a beat.

In the mirror of Xieyu, the sloppy face of the Zen monk is reflected.

[This hand is flying big, besieging Wei and saving Zhao, it's really beautiful. 】

Lichen felt happy.

Walking behind Zen Master Jingding, he glanced at the scriptures.

Deliberately said loudly: "This big flying horn is really a wonderful idea. It not only solves the urgent need, but also turns the gun around to take the sunspot's weakness."

Zen Master Jingding was taken aback when he heard the words.

Involuntarily turned around and glanced at Li Chen behind him.

Heart said: This kid is a little level...

To be able to see such a coup.

second only to me.

But Zen Master Ji Ding still resisted the urge to respond.

Secretly turned a page.

Then deliberately lean back a little.

Give up most of the chess content.

This time he didn't mean to test the teacher.

Li Chen couldn't see what this uncle was thinking.

It's just that he really doesn't know how to play Go at all.

You can only continue to observe with the interpreter mirror.

[Zen Master Ji Ding: The chess game on this page should be combined and topped, which is a coup. 】

Li Chen was secretly happy, so he hurriedly said: "Looking at this situation, it's just mediocre."

"The only two coups are just one and one top."

Monk Ji Ding's hands trembled: "Oh, this kid really knows how to play chess."

Li Chen observed secretly, and saw that he already had a good impression of him, so he hit the iron while the iron was hot, and deliberately sarcastically said: "It is better to have no books than to believe in books."

"Chess is dead, but people are alive."

"Even if you look at chess records for a lifetime, it's hard to keep up with the joy of playing a game with others."

"It's a pity, it's a pity."

At this time, Zen Master Jing Ding was already tickled by Li Chen's words.

He read the chess records all the year round, but no one accompanied him to play moves.

It's really uncomfortable.

Monk Ji Ding kept his face straight on purpose, and cursed: "What a pity."

After cursing, he threw the chess record aside, took out two cans of chess pieces, and nuzzled his jaw.

Signaled Li Chen to sit opposite him for a game.

Li Chen was overjoyed when he saw this: "Hey, Master Uncle is brilliant, it's better to be alone than to be happy."

After speaking, he sat down unceremoniously.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		