

Sure enough, this guy is tricky.

I already have a training outline in mind.


After the morning class, the three disciples saluted and bid farewell to the lonely Zen master respectively.

Li Chen intentionally walked last and followed Li Sao from afar.

Turn left at Lisao and go right through most of the temple.

Only then did he finally twist his neck, revealing the other half of his face.

Li Chen, who was hiding not far away, couldn't help being shocked when he saw it.

Good guy.

Li Sao's left cheek was highly swollen.

At first glance it looks like it has a walnut in its mouth.

He also became limp in his legs.

Obviously not lightly injured.

He had taken the elixir before, so the wound on his body should have healed.

Li Chen thought about it, and unknowingly followed Li Sao to the starting and ending point.

The starting and ending point is the toilet.

It is the dirtiest and most tiring class in Shasheng Temple, bar none.

Responsible for collecting night incense every morning.

Clean the toilet during the day.

Distribute one by one in the evening.

Only disciples with extremely poor aptitude and who are not favored will be assigned to such a ghostly place.

Lisao is an exception.

He was purely rude.

From far away, Lichen could smell a sour smell.

At this time, Li Sao hesitated for a while at the small door at the beginning and end, and then limped in.

Li Chen hurriedly followed up quietly.

Suddenly I heard shouts and shouts from inside: "Junior Brother Lisao, why did you come back, hurry up and work, you will not be able to finish cleaning the toilet at noon, which will delay the use of the senior brothers, hehe, if you can't say it, I have to let you lick it clean."

A few voices beside him were still joking: "Brother, don't worry, what name do you do?"

"Junior Brother Li Sao has a word Sao in his Dharma name, so it must be handy to clean the toilet."

"Hahaha~"

The face of the villain.

Li Chen frowned.

Originally, he wanted to find a corner where no one was around, and teach this junior.

Now it has to be changed.

He held the Tanchan rosary in both hands, carefully hiding his figure.

Quietly glanced inside.

The yard at the beginning and end is not big.

There is a small river in the middle.

There are pools on both sides.

The toilet was soaking in water.

On the river bank, a group of monks watched the excitement.

Only Li Sao turned pale and stood in the water to wash.

After watching for a while, Li Chen finally saw the doorway.

The group was led by two monks, one fat and one thin.

Four connected flames are embroidered on their robes.

This is the symbol of Four Truths Temple.

It should also be the culprit for oppressing Lisao.


In the cold water of the river.

While Li Sao was washing, she was still cursing in her heart.

【Lianlisafe! 】

[When I master my skills, I have to let you eat toilet water for three meals a day. 】

Li Sao's resentment is not shallow.

At this time, he suddenly picked up a toilet and glanced at the Dharma name written on it.

Just throw it aside.

[That good-for-nothing Lichen, don't brush! 】

Ouch, the official is not very big, and he is quite capable of abusing his power.

Seeing this, Li Chen almost understood.

This little junior brother has greatly fallen into the prestige of the empty nest monastery.

There are five Buddhist temples in Shasheng Temple: Empty Nest Buddhist Temple, Yixin Buddhist Temple, Shuangcheng Buddhist Temple, Sanbao Buddhist Temple, and Four Noble Buddhist Temples.

Among them, the Four Truths Temple has the largest number of people.

It is inevitable that the good and bad will not come together.

Now Li Chen no longer hides.

Walk out slowly from the corner.

He was dressed in moon-white monk robes.

Around his neck was a large black rosary.

It seems to be exceptionally dusty.

On the river bank, a group of monks saw someone for the first time.

I thought it was a discipline monk or something, so I quickly put a smile on my face.

After seeing that the person who came was dressed in white and there was no sign on the monk's robe, he cursed: "His grandma's, I scared me."

"It turned out to be a defective product from the Empty Nest Temple."

Everyone knows that Li Chen passed the blood test by chance.

We all know that the empty nest monastery, which has not accepted new students for ten years, has two more disciples this year.

One of them is still defective.

A group of monks burst into laughter upon hearing this.

Li Chen doesn't matter.

On the contrary, Li Sao's face was like a roller coaster.

He originally thought it was Brother Outrageous who came to save him.

Wait until you see Li Chen.

The smile on his face froze: Why is it him?

That mood... mixed flavors.

He first threw down the toilet in his hand, and then said loudly: "This is an important place in the temple, the idlers are waiting, get out quickly~"

Li Chen smiled when he heard the words.

This junior is still quite cute.

He was afraid of hurting himself, so he let himself go.

I will suffer at the cost of saving face.

At this time, the monk on the shore laughed even harder: "Return the land in the temple, what a fart, this is a place where monks shit!"

"Ha ha ha ha."

Li Sao was in a hurry, and he didn't care about the injury on his leg, he climbed up the bank and grabbed Li Chen and said in a low voice, "They are so many and powerful, it's useless to come, hurry up!"

He gave it two hard pushes.

Unexpectedly, Li Chen was like a nail, fixed on the ground without moving.

I can't help but be surprised.

He is not weak.

"Hahaha, Li Sao, you are quite a warm-hearted little brother, you can't leave without being scolded, so stay."

The fat monk just finished speaking.

The monk's robe spread out in the air.

The huge body has already jumped over Li Chen and Li Sao, just blocking their way of retreat.

The skinny monk understood and moved around, just blocking the way of the two of them.

The two are in a pincer state one after the other.

Although Lichen entered the temple for a short time, with the breakthrough of "Bacchanalia".

Now it is the day after tomorrow double realm.

What's more, his strength is far superior to that of ordinary people. Zen Master Lonely said that at this time, with the help of a small change of career, he can be invincible under the acquired fivefold.

And these two monks, from the point of view of Qi mechanism, are at most no more than the acquired triple realm.

That's why Li Chen has confidence.

"Senior brothers, it's so easy~"

"I'm leaving the dust in the empty nest monastery. It's a pleasure to meet you."

The fat monk patted his stomach, and the fat on his body trembled: "Oh, I'm quite polite, so it's easy to handle."

"Junior brother, we have a heavy workload at the beginning and end, how can Li Sao handle it all by himself.

You and he are both from the empty nest monastery, you must not bear to think about it, right?

Now that junior brother Li Chen is joining, it is a strong alliance, and everyone is happy from the beginning to the end. "

At this time, the skinny monk joked: "Hey, isn't the empty nest Buddhist monastery a professional toilet cleaning monastery?"

When all the monks heard this, they all burst out laughing.

But Li Sao hurriedly interjected: "Senior brother gave good advice, but he was just passing by here, so I ask the two senior brothers to give him a break."

"Brother, don't worry, I, Li Sao, will take care of the starting and ending work by myself."

Li Sao smiled bitterly, the corners of her mouth trembling.

"Yo, Li Sao is quite loyal."

"Senior brother just likes you."

The fat monk rolled his eyes and said with a smile:

"It's not impossible to let him go."

He suddenly made a look, and a monk next to him brought a toilet that hadn't been cleaned yet.

The inside of the toilet was dark, and the stench came head-on.

"Just lick it clean~ that's all."

"Hahaha~"

A group of monks laughed up and down.

They can really have fun.

"Aren't you afraid of the precept monks of the Three Treasures Temple?"

Li Chen asked tentatively.

Unexpectedly, the monks laughed even more happily.

Only then did Li Sao whisper: "Idiot!"

"Li Geng from Sanbao Temple is the brother of Senior Brother Li'an."

Oh, it turns out that there are people above.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		