

Among the four treasures, the Dinghai Pearl was obtained from Li Chen's defeat of the Blood Dragon King, and the Meteor Fire Fork was obtained from the Equal Vine.

The rest of the Shadowless Blade and the Sky Cover were all obtained by Li Shen from the killing collection.

Originally, his mission to enter the blood sea world this time was to find several other treasures.

It's just that the Blood Dragon King once said that the sky cover was stolen from the Blood Dragon Palace by Monk Ji Ding, so why did it also fall into the hands of 'Shaji'?

Could it be that Monk Ji Ding is also a member of the 'killing group', or is there a high-level person in the Shasheng Temple who is also a member of the 'killing group'?

Li Chen couldn't figure it out, so he could only be more on guard, he had to be tough to forge iron.

Thinking of this, he put away the four treasures, and looked at the fate of everything, and then began to count the exercises explained by Li Can.

If it is said that Li Shen is really the proud son of heaven, the skills explained are no worse than those cultivated by Li Chen.

A book of sword skills "Wugou Slash".

At that time when Li Shen used this saber technique, his moves were indeed tricky and fierce, without any delay.

"Wugou Slash" strikes immediately with one strike, there is no distracting thoughts in the heart, and it is extremely fast, hence the name of Wugou.

["Wu Shou Zhan" possesses psychic potential and awakens elementary wisdom. 】

【Stainless Slash

elementary intelligence

Personality: kill me

Status: It can cut distracting thoughts in the mind, greatly reduce the chance of becoming obsessed, and at the same time gain the corresponding comprehension of the way of the sword.

Description: Without a woman in my heart, I draw my sword and become a god of nature. 】

Knife is good knife.

It's just that I don't seem to have any distracting thoughts in my mind.

A little thought, that is also the thought that all men in the world have.

Is that a distraction? that is not.

But if it is cut off, wouldn't it be equivalent to chemical castration?

I'm afraid, I'm just using this knife technique as a reference, I'll find someone else for it when I have time...

The second book is "Yingluo Yoga", which is the same as the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", which is the highest body training method of Tantric Buddhism.

It's just that the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" strengthens the body's strength and increases strength, while this "Yingluo Yoga" trains joint flexibility and increases skillful strength.

The most important thing is that this "Yoga of Yingluo" has a high learning threshold, and no one has learned it in the Sutra Pavilion for five hundred years.

["Yingluo Yoga" has the potential of psychic awakening of elementary wisdom. 】

【Yingluo Yoga

elementary intelligence

Personality: high threshold

State 1: After meeting the practice threshold, you can practice sitting, lying and walking.

Description: Progress 100 million points every day. 】

Li Chen looked at the content of this yoga technique, and black lines appeared on his head.

Is this for training? ? ?

Every gesture seems to be tied with a Chinese knot.

Unless the bones are broken, normal people will never be able to practice.

No wonder no one cares about it after five hundred years in the Sutra Pavilion.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" advocates forging the body with strength and breaking the void with force, and "Yoga for Ying Luo" advocates forging the body with softness and overcoming rigidity with softness.

The same is a wonderful method of body training, but the concept is different, the two sides have serious differences, unlock the fetters: contest. 】

[Competition: "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" and "Yingluo Yoga" have a competitive relationship. As long as one of them is cultivated, the other will endure humiliation and double the practice. 】

Li Chen was stunned, even the exercises were involved? !

Immediately, pose in a lotus posture to subdue the demons, switch arms up and down, and draw circles back and forth.

It is the posture of the fourth layer of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

After asking and answering in my heart, a golden light appeared on my body.

"Dragon" asks: Cultivate all good dharmas with a person who has no self, no one, no sentient beings, no life.

"Because" answer: that is, Anuttara, Sanyak, and Bodhi.


Question from "Dragon": The Tathagata said that all appearances are right and wrong.

"Cause" Answer: It also says that all sentient beings are non-sentient beings.


A streak of golden light fell, and a mist rose from Lichen's body, and his muscles circulated, and he was indeed stronger.

["Yingluo Yoga" sees that the practice of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is increasing day by day, and I feel jealous, so I decide to work hard and practice silently. 】

[Your body flexibility has increased slightly. 】

Haha, two cuties.

Lichen: They are fighting for me!


After Li Chen practiced once, he began to reflect on himself. He has the Mirror of Interpretation of Words by his side, so learning the exercises is easier than ordinary people.

"Bacchus God" is the fundamental skill, which directly determines his cultivation level, and is the foundation of his practice. He is currently in the sixth level of the acquired state, and has already given birth to a "drunkard" fate, and he can use other skills into wine, wine tasting Taste and know its meaning.

"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is a body training method and the foundation of Lichen's strength. It not only complements the body protection power of "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue", but also promotes each other with "Yingluo Yoga". It is a down-to-earth good practice Comrade.

"Hundred Eight Troubles Worship" is the way to subdue demons and kill them, and it is the pinnacle of techniques. Lichen has relied on it several times to save himself from danger, and he used it at the same time as the angry form of thousands of hands. The power is amazing, and it should be the foundation of his life.

"Grand View Sutra" is the art of visualization, "True Hearing" is the art of perception, both are auxiliary, although they cannot directly kill the enemy, but they are infinitely useful, no matter arresting ghosts or subduing demons, they can make other exercises even better building.

"Linglong Mind Scheming" is an imperial weapon method, a magic weapon is indispensable to defend against the enemy, and the secret combination of chess also has great potential.

The final "Infinite Sealing Method" is equivalent to the general outline of martial arts. It is one of the six ways of Bodhidharma to review the essentials of exercises and reflect on one's own use.

Looking at the above exercises, as long as Li Chen calms down and practices diligently, he will definitely have a place in the cultivation world.

It was only after the trip to the secret realm of the blood sea, the battle with Yasha, the blood dragon king, and even the contest with Li Can that he finally discovered his own shortcomings.

Move footwork.

Usually, Lichen relies on the Buddha-seeking body method in "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" to fight the enemy. This body method is the best in the world to move around and fight the enemy.

But once encountering an attack with a large range that cannot be easily dodged, it can only be resolved by the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art", which is really a bit passive.

Especially in the martial arts competition with Li Can, I was beaten by "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow", but my attack couldn't keep up with the opponent, so I felt very uncomfortable.

It can be said that if Li Shen didn't have this method of teleportation, he wouldn't be able to do a hundred tricks under Li Chen's hands.

Thinking of this, I looked at this book "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow" with some anticipation in my heart.

In Buddhism, the shadow is the appearance of all living beings who follow the way and is recruited by karma.

Empty shadow is a manifestation of all dharmas being empty.

So "Inviting the Moon and Sky Shadow" is also the pinnacle of magic.

This method is divided into two parts.

One is called "Gu Ying".

It is a method of observing the shadow, judging the opponent's actions through the shadow, and predicting the enemy's opportunity first.

Gu Ying is divided into two realms, the physical eye and the mental eye.

Li ginseng is the naked eye, so it was cracked by Li Chen with the light-containing stone. If you can see through the "knowledge barrier" and look at it with your mind's eyes, it will be the art of karma, and even the gods in the sky can't hide it.

The second is called "Crossing the Shadow".

The shadow is attracted by karma, and it is also the appearance of all living beings.

The so-called Duying is actually Duying.

Whether it is people, moves, weapons, everything will be contaminated with karma, and at the same time there will be shadows.

Once trained to cross the shadow, the body can walk through the shadow along it.

It is even better than the five elements escape method of Taoism, so it is also called "shadow escape".

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		