

It's no wonder that I have been lurking in the Shasheng Temple for more than eight years, but I haven't found the "Infernal Seal".

It turned out to be hidden in the secret room.

Lichen returns to the empty nest monastery.

He took out the Abi Hell Rock in his hand.

With a move in the heart, the continuous printing method is running.

[Abi Hell Rock was imprisoned in a small black room, started self-reflection, analyzing...]

Sure enough!

Li Chen's eyes lit up.

two days later.

Empty Nest Temple.

The rosary in Li Chen's hand trembled.

The rosary beads that were originally oily, shimmered again.

Li Chen was overjoyed.

It's done!

A strand of mind was separated and escaped into the rosary.

The original white mist world.

It has evolved into the Emerald World.

A series of columnar crystals rose from the ground.

There are blossoming green fireworks jumping on it.

Exudes a strange light.

The flowers and plants everywhere are also made of emeralds.

Seen from a distance, the area is ten li in radius, and it is green.

In the middle of the world.

There is a big tree made of jasper to reach the sky.

On the thickest branch, a blue silk thread hangs downside down.

A blue chrysalis hangs upside down.

The cocoon squirmed slowly.

Occasionally burst into green flames.

[I am Biphosphine. 】

The world is a little...green.

It doesn't match my temperament.

"It's you!"

Suddenly, an exclamation came from the cocoon.

Li Chen casually found a piece of jade and sat down.

Still imperial green, glass kind.

If it was in the previous life, how much would it be worth?

"Amitabha."

“Kid, away~”

The cocoon dangled on the tree:

"You saved me?"

"Where is this again?"

"Secret Realm? Barrier?"

"Why is there so much vitality?!"

Li Chen smiled, and sure enough, the Lingzhu space will automatically evolve according to the environment of Zhuling's preferences.

Obviously, this emerald world is very suitable for its cultivation.

“Good luck.”

"This is my magic weapon space."

"You are entangled in the black fire of Abi Hell Rock, unable to extricate yourself, and you are filled with the whispers of hell, and you will never be able to escape."

"It was a coincidence that I was rescued."

The cocoon finally calmed down.

It gradually recalled what happened at that time.

Relying on being the spirit in the fire.

Liaozhu thought that he had found a strange treasure in the secret room.

So in a moment of excitement, he jumped onto the rock.

Unexpectedly, he was immediately surrounded by black fire and sucked by the magic stone.

Can't break free anyway.

Vaguely, he thought of Li Chen's face.

And the rosary in his hand.

So everything became clear in my heart.

"Thank you Master for saving me."

The tone has already become very respectful, very grateful.

Li Chen smiled slightly: "The Buddha said: Fate is beyond words."

"You have become the Pearl Spirit of this world."

Liaozhu couldn't help asking: "What is the pearl spirit?"

Li Chen stood up slowly and swept his hand.

The Jade Phosphorous Flame everywhere will automatically diverge a path.

He went under the cocoon.

Reach out and touch the cocoon.

Feel the beating in it.

"My rosary should be something inherited from the Buddha. It has been dusted for a long time, but today it is destined to be with you."

"Back to life."

"This world will evolve into an environment suitable for your cultivation."

"And you will become the master of this world."

Chrysalis was overjoyed upon hearing the words: "So it is!"

"Thank you Master for giving me such an opportunity."

"You will become the spirit of the Pearl, and you will be sealed as the lord."

sensible!

Quite sensible.

Li Chen clasped his palms together: "Amitabha, you are so good."

"Don't worry, Tan Yue, the monk will never disturb your practice at will."

The cocoon shook: "The Lord is lenient."

In the mirror of interpreting words, there is a mirror light.

Sure enough, Liaochang was mostly grateful and had no rebellious heart.

Li Chen nodded: "There is one thing that I am very curious about."

"How did you appear in the Buddhist scripture pavilion in the Killing Temple?"

I saw a long sigh coming from the cocoon.

"I have appeared here since I woke up from a deep sleep."

Li Chen nodded.

This matter may not be as simple as imagined.

Obviously someone brought it into the Sutra Pavilion.

Who is the one?

Li Chen told Liao Chong to heal his wounds with peace of mind.

Withdrew from the Emerald World.

Entered the cultivation state.

No matter who it is, there will always be such a calamity in Shasheng Temple.

Only one's own strength is fundamental.

hum~

A golden light shines from the mirror of interpretation.

A few days ago, he popularized the three laws of mechanics for "The Secret of Causal Change".

Briefly talk about the universe and starry sky.

gravity.

I didn't expect that "The Secret of Changing Career" would be enlightened so quickly.

[Buddha said cause and effect, karma, reincarnation. 】

[Thousands of connections have all kinds of conditions. 】

[Gravity is so I heard it. 】

["The Art of Changing Career by Cause and Effect" comprehends the second level of small change of career. 】

[Unloading force: Based on one's own strength, one can transfer the attacks received to the feet and hands. 】

Unexpectedly, the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" made a breakthrough before the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

Lichen felt a little bit.

His body burst out with strength.

Compared with before, it was only possible to transfer power to the ground, and the small transfer has become more flexible and changeable.

The opponent's attack strikes.

As soon as the strength hits the body, it will transform into four strands.

Hands and feet, one for each.

Or the four forces can be combined into one place.

It's a pity that there are no enemies at this time.

Li Chen's hands were itchy.

He suddenly had a whim.

Can you directly transfer your own power to the side?

It is equivalent to beating yourself.

Think here.

Dark luck.

The right palm hits his left shoulder directly.

Sure enough, a force struck.

The "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" turned into a perfect circle.

As soon as the force touches, it rushes towards the feet.

Li Chen's body unexpectedly shot up.

Fuck!

It turned out to be really feasible.

Then step on your left foot on your right foot, and your right foot on your left foot.

Wouldn't it be possible to go to heaven? !

"Brother... what are you doing?"

The outrageous little monk looked at Lichen in surprise.

【Junior brother, is he hurting himself? 】

Li Chen scratched his head in embarrassment: "Brother, I just suddenly had some insights."

Nodded outrageously and meaningfully: "Junior brother, don't go crazy."

"Don't worry, brother, don't worry, brother."

After Lichen went to the Shasheng Temple alone, the Lonely Zen Master walked around the five great Buddhist temples.

The first seats of the five Buddhist monasteries were injured one after another.

Afterwards, the outrageous little monk trained the chief disciples of the five great Buddhist monasteries.

He has practiced "Congenital Boy Skill" since he was a child.

From the birth of the first ray of true qi, it is congenital true qi.

Ordinary disciples don't know how many years later they can enter Xiantian.

The training of the outrageous little monk can be said to be very effective.

Now no one in Shasheng Temple dares to ignore the empty nest monastery.

"I don't know what the senior brother ordered?"

Li Chen saluted respectfully.

The outrageous little monk was very satisfied.

【Junior brother is still so polite. 】

"The master called you over, it seems that there is something important."

How could Li Chen dare to delay? After greeting Li Ge, he went to the lonely Zen master's meditation room.

The lonely Zen master sat upright in the room.

Knocking wooden fish in hand.

country country ~

The sound of the wooden fish is very ethereal, as if it can soothe people's hearts.

Li Chen clasped his hands together and saluted.

The wooden fish in the hands of Lonely Chan Master didn't stop, and he said with a smile on his face, "Disciple, are your injuries healed?"

"Thank you, master, for your concern. My disciple is already in good health."

Lonely Zen Master nodded.

"very good."

"You prepare a little bit, the obscure uncle wants to see you."

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		