

The strength of King Yaksha is comparable to the strength of Asura's commander-in-chief.

After being attacked by Li Chen's palm, under the special effect of 'knocking away', his body flew several feet away.

At this time, the other yakshas also realized that the monk had always pretended to be emotional.

King Yaksha became angry from embarrassment, and green flames rose all over his body.

But there are so many ghosts in Lichen, he has already resorted to physical skills and escaped eight zhang away when he saw something was wrong.

"What a thief monk, I'm angry!"

The mountain-opening giant ax is to smash Huashan head-on.

boom.

A small hill was decapitated and turned into a half slope.

This ax technique is not ordinary.

Li Chen didn't dare to be careless, so he went out to seek the Buddha's Body Dharma.

In a trance, he has changed seven or eight positions.

Specially avoiding Yaksha King's sharp edge, walking back and forth, and counterattacking a few palms from time to time.

It took only a cup of tea, and Li Chen was not injured, but the group of guards were killed and injured a lot.

No way, Lichen led the way on the rugged mountain road.

Not to mention the formation of troops, there are very few places that can accommodate two people at the same time.

Although King Yaksha brought two teams of guards, about dozens of elite soldiers, no matter how many people there were, the field was too small to perform at all.

Li Chen fought and retreated, and before he knew it, he had already slapped thirty or forty palms.

At this time, he was already full of troubles and had nowhere to vent.

["Thousand Hands" supernatural power feels a lot of anger, and the anger takes shape, turning into angry hands! 】

Li Chen only felt light in his mind, but the thousands of troubles just now seemed to condense together and flow through his whole body.

Until the lower ribs, but the next moment only felt something different under the ribs.

Bass~

Two strong winds swayed.

A pair of arms with red patterns stretched out.

Unexpectedly, under the two arms side by side, two more arms were born.

The arms are covered with red patterns, faintly resembling magma flow, with exposed blue veins and knotted muscles.

When Li Chen has a thought in his heart, his arm must move.

With a casual punch, the air flow surged.

Compared with the original body's arms, its strength is on par.

[Greedy Fire Arm: The strength is equivalent to the main body, but the move has an additional 'flame' effect. After touching it, there is a chance to cause an explosion.

The more troubles are injected, the more complete the lines on the arm, and the stronger the explosion effect. 】

Li Chen looked at the two pairs of arms, whether it was attacking or letting go, they were more comfortable.

This frightened Yashayi: Why did Monk Wuna have an extra pair of arms?

Could it be that there is really a Buddha bestowing the law?

Only Yasha King showed fear on his face: "Thousand-handed supernatural power! It is the thousand-handed supernatural power of the Asura clan!"

"Kill him, he must not be left alive!"

Li Chen was taken aback, he didn't expect King Yasha to be so knowledgeable.

Just why does he seem to be terrified?

Seeing the yakshas chasing and intercepting him again, Li Chen was not polite.

At the moment, one mind is used for two purposes, and two pairs of arms each use one of the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers".

With both palms out, two dragon-shaped lightning bolts sprang out from left and right, one was a transparent phantom, the other was a fiery phantom, both of which were entangled with lightning.

Intertwined with each other in mid-air.

Wrapped in the wind and thunder, it flew straight towards the Yaksha group.

Bang, bang.

Two palms.

Fortunately, most of those hit by the energy of the transparent dragon shape were hit in the air, and there may be a glimmer of life after landing.

And it would be miserable for those hit by the energy of the red dragon. They were also hit in the air, but orange flames burned immediately on their bodies.

Before it hit the ground, it had already turned into a ball of fire.

Some even exploded directly in mid-air.

This triggers the 'explosion' effect.

Even Li Chen was very surprised.

It is worthy of being the magical secret method of the Asura family.

King Yasha became more and more frightened as he fought, he himself was concerned about the stronghold, and he didn't dare to delay any longer.

Hey!

"Thief monk, take this king's axe."

This time, Yasha King completely ignited his anger.

That ax technique is also extraordinary, actually turning the ax blade into a cold light in mid-air.

Bass~ bang.

After a loud noise, the rock was broken.

King Yaksha frowned.

For some reason, the moves felt more and more heavy.

Li Chen flashed through this gesture without any danger, and there was also fear in his heart, this move was much more powerful than the meteor hammer of Commander Asura.

However, he also noticed the abnormality of the other party, and couldn't help but feel secretly happy.

In the beginning, the sneak attack from behind was from the left palm.

The imprint of "Holding the Soul" has long been imprinted on the back of King Yaksha.

At this time, the two of you come and go, no less than hundreds of moves.

The black 'soul chain' has been wrapped around King Yaksha's back to his chest.

It was sent out with his moves, like entering mud, and the effect became less and less effective.

If it wasn't for the soul-holding chain, the wrong blow just now might have seriously injured Li Chen.

Apparently King Yaksha has also realized that the situation is not good. If he was thinking of a quick fight just now, he has already started to retreat now.

But the more he thought about it, the faster the chains on his body grew, and the heavier he became.

Finally, the straw that broke the camel's back.

The big ax swung out, but missed the aim.

bang~

The Xuanhua ax came out of his hand and went straight into the rock.

Half of the mountain collapsed, but the power was still astonishing.

At this moment, King Yaksha finally fell to the ground, but his eyes widened and he couldn't move anymore.

King Yaksha's cultivation base is higher than his, so the extension time of the chain is slightly longer.

When Li Chen's body technique unfolded, it turned into a blue shadow, from far to near.

A chain extended from King Yaksha until it connected with the 'soul lock' tattoo on Li Chen's left hand.

Gently tug.

A soul lifted up from him, and at the same time King Yaksha also closed his eyes.

Once the soul is lost, how can there be life?

King Yaksha never thought that today would be his own death day.

Once the Yaksha king died, the rest of the Yakshas scattered like birds and beasts, and disappeared in a flash.

This trip really echoed the old saying: lose your wife and lose your army.

In the short time of half a stick of incense, Li Chen not only successfully wiped out the Yaksha King, but also harvested a large number of Yaksha souls.

[Tanhai Yasha was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】


[Yasha Tanhai couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and confessed a middle-grade yellow-ranked "Yasha Tanhai Jue". 】


[Water-dancing Yaksha was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly confess everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】


[Fire-dancing Yaksha couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a forging technique "Stubborn Iron Forging Method". 】


[The brewing Yaksha couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a rare wine recipe "Red Honey Wine Recipe". 】


[Climbing Yaksha couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and confessed a low-level lightness kung fu "Stepping on the Ladder". 】

As expected of King Yaksha's guard, what he contributed has obviously risen to a higher level.

Not to mention the Huang-level kung fu "Yasha Exploring the Sea Jue" and the Xuan-level light kung fu "Stepping on the Ladder".

Single discussion on "Stubborn Iron Forging Method" and "Red Honey Wine Recipe".

One is the technique of forging stubborn iron, and the other is the recipe of rare wine.

Especially the "Stubborn Iron Forging Method", which is actually a technique of forging and melting the stubborn iron on the seabed, which can directly improve the quality of the magic weapon by a large level.

Naturally, the value cannot be measured.

As for Li Chen, "Red Honey Wine Recipe" undoubtedly won his heart.

Thinking of the taste of the wine and soup, I still have an aftertaste.

PS: Thanks to the book friends for being very vq, I was the reward of Hoe He~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		