

After guessing chess.

Ji Ding holds the white first, and Li Chen holds the black second.

【unprofessional! 】

The sloppy monk glanced at Li Chen's way of catching the chess pieces.

While feeling contemptuous in his heart, he clamped a chess piece between two very elegant fingers.

Snapped!

This sound is crunchy.

After the release, I still didn't forget to raise my eyebrows.

Looked smug.

Li Chen's mouth twitched.

There is nothing to be proud of in a chess-playing posture.

There are several ways to write the word fennel in fennel beans, do you know?

The slightly blessed face of Ji Ding monk was reflected in the mirror of Xie Yu.

[This kid looks like a novice at first glance, alas, talk is better than nothing. 】

[I can make him admit defeat in the middle of the game by playing a few points casually. 】

Ha ha.

Li Chen doesn't know how to play Go either.

Put down a grain next to Baizi.

Um.

I don't know much about Go.

Backgammon is still a little bit.

Then start playing with backgammon.

At this time, Monk Ji Ding was a little confused.

[Why is it always next to my sunspots? It's clear that they want to pester me. 】

[Hehe, you are indeed a novice, so let me show you a flying fairy from beyond the sky. 】

Snapped!

Li Chen thought to himself, you are still flying immortals.

My five sons are almost in a line!

Ignore him and continue backgammon.

Go is decided by counting pieces.

At this time, no flaws were revealed.

Monk Jiding couldn't understand more and more.

[This kid is playing tricks, could it be some profound formula? ! 】

[You have to try it out. 】

For a while, he didn't dare to expand rashly.

I was afraid that Li Chen would suddenly hit him back with a carbine.

[Look at my son, knock the mountain and shake the tiger. 】

Lichen's sunspots were already lined up five by one.

But I dare not accept it.

At this moment, Monk Ji Ding became suspicious.

For a while, he was a little hesitant.

[Hehe, it seems that this move has touched his soul. 】

【If Xiao Fei is in the opposite corner, he can easily resolve it, otherwise it will be difficult to stop the rise of my big dragon. 】

Monk Jiding studies Go on weekdays.

But suffering from no opponent.

So you can only play with yourself.

As soon as he took a good step, he unconsciously thought of a countermeasure in his heart.

You are always the one who knows you best.

then……

In the surprised gaze of Ji Ding Monk.

Li Chen grabbed a bag.

Snapped.

It is placed diagonally opposite to the white stone.

Monk Jiding: ...

【He is really hiding something. 】

[He even saw through my plan. 】

[It's a master. 】

There was already a bit of solemnity on Ji Ding's face.

After thinking for a moment, I picked up a grain.

Snapped.

and!


The two of you come and go.

In the blink of an eye, the midfield was already passed.

Li Chen burst into laughter.

Monk Ji Ding is actually playing with himself.

It's just that Li Chen sat opposite.

Monk Ji Mie's own layout is only clear to him.

He can accurately block his retreat every time.

So it's getting slower and slower.

[Ouch, brat, pretend to be a pig and eat a tiger! 】

[Why do you always get on my sore spot, you know me better than myself. 】

[Master, this is a master. 】

Monk Ji Ding frowned.

Go on like this.

I'm afraid I'm going to lose...

Monk Ji Mie took a peek at Li Chen.

See this guy is yawning!

cough cough.

Careless.

Underestimated the enemy.

Li Chen rolled his eyeballs, and secretly poked, "Master?"

"Why don't we go down tomorrow?"

Beads of sweat were already forming on Monk Ji Ding's forehead.

At this time, I couldn't help being overjoyed when I heard the words: "So it's getting late, so let's continue tomorrow."

"Tomorrow morning, you have to be there on time."

Li Chen glanced at the big sun in the sky, and the corner of his mouth twitched.

It's not even halfway through the morning.

"Uncle Shi is really good at chess, can you lend this chess book to my disciples to study?"

Monk Ji Ding wiped his sweat as if nothing had happened.

Now as long as Li Chen is willing to leave, he is willing to take the stars from the sky and give them to him.

"Of course there is no problem."

"But my chess record is made by an expert outside the world, so it must not be damaged."

Li Chen took the chess record with both hands.

A bit of reluctance flashed across Zen Master Ji Ding's face.

"Uncle, don't worry, the disciple will go back and study hard, and he will definitely be able to fight against the uncle tomorrow."

"Ahem, ahem, don't take it too seriously."

"Just a little bit of it, just a little bit of it."

After finishing speaking, Monk Ji Ding wiped the chessboard with his big hand.

The chessboard is full of chess pieces.

What a shame.

Never let a third person see this game!


"Worries Collection"?

Li Chen returned to the meditation room.

Looking at the volume of chess records in his hand that had already been torn apart by the monk Zen Ding.

["Linglong Mind Scheming" saw the game record, and trembled in the depths of his soul, as if he had found some missing memories. 】

["Linglong Mind Scheming" has improved her intelligence and unlocked her personality: Yidao. 】

[Yi Dao: Take the heaven and the earth as the chessboard, and use everything around you as the chess pieces.

The imperial envoy's magic weapon is like playing chess with others, and it can be easily moved by the heart. 】

Moved by Lichen's heart.

A bitter sailing boat slowly rose from the palm of his hand.

in an instant.

The momentum of heaven and earth is majestic.

Eyes all around are turbulent.

this moment.

Tens of thousands of vigor turned into little stars.

It's like being in a chess game.

A thought in my heart.

It's just the stars moving.

Under his control, the boat spun in mid-air.

Sure enough, it comes at your fingertips.

Lichen left the meditation room.

'buzz'

In the next moment, the small boat turned into a giant.

Both ends are pointed, and there is a black canopy in the middle.

It's about one foot long.

Take a closer look, it is an enlarged nuclear boat.

I just didn't expect it to be so delicate.

Li Chen stepped on it.

The body has stretched out in the air.

Sit firmly on the boat.

The whole body is surging.

My eyes flickered.

It is the Qi number formed by heaven and earth.

It is exactly the same as Qi in Go.

Lichen's heart is at a loss.

bass.

The boat turned into a stream of light, and the arrow shot out.

So fast!

He held the side of the boat with both hands.

The rustling mountain wind passed by.

Suddenly shuddered.

It's too cold to be high.

The small boat is going forward indomitable.

Extremely fast.

Suddenly, the vitality in front of my eyes gradually weakened, and "Linglong Scheming" seemed to feel it.

Take a closer look.

It turned out that the colorless mountain was facing me.

Li Chen just had a change of heart.

The boat immediately turned around.

Avoid the mountain and fly straight into the sky.

Before I knew it, there was a vast expanse of whiteness in front of my eyes.

The boat plunged into the mist of the Colorless Mountain.

Through the fog, and straight into the sky.

The fog cleared.

Looking down, the entire Shasheng Temple was reduced to the size of a fist.

Under the clouds, looming.

Li Chen's eyes are blurred.

Can't help but feel good.

Suddenly, he remembered his greedy toad rosary.

That is a real magic weapon.

Moreover, one of them has regained its spirituality.

He hadn't learned "Linglong Mind Scheming" before, and the imperial envoy's rosary was quite awkward.

At this moment, I thought about it.

The rosary was like an insignificant pawn at his fingertips.

Appear in front of you instantly.

Li Chen was overjoyed upon seeing this.

When it is necessary to perform a pose to seek the Buddha's body method.

The bead was like a loach, shuttling around Lichen.

Sometimes big and sometimes small, sometimes fast and sometimes slow.

It communicates with Shenfa and echoes each other from afar.

It can actually make "Hundred Eight Troubles Prayer" even more powerful.

Li Chen couldn't help thinking: If all the rosary beads were restored to spirituality in the future.

Then when I raise my hands and feet, there will be thirty-six magic weapons accompanying me.

Isn't it going against the sky?

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		