

boom!

Under the dual effects of gravity and repulsion, the meteor hammer hit the wall again.

The cave itself is narrow, and the meteor hammer cannot be used.

Taking advantage of the opponent's unfavorable situation, Li Chen turned into a shadow, advancing instead of retreating, bullying him.

The moves of "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" and the power of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" are intertwined, and the dragon-shaped lightning is issued.

bang~

Even if the opponent is tall and fat, he can't help but fly backwards.

After landing, he suddenly froze.

[The branding of the 'Soul Chain' is successful, and the spirit body will be gradually restrained. 】

Li Chen was stunned, just now he just slapped him with his left hand.

The giant Asura got up from the ground, became angry and slapped Li Chen with his palm.

And when he raised his hand, the imprint of chains on his chest grew visible to the naked eye...

Of course Li Chen wouldn't sit still and wait for death, he begged the Buddha to use his physical skills to easily dodge this palm.

But the giant beast still refused to let go, and threw the meteor hammer aside, and then hit Lichen with both palms.

Boom boom boom.

For a moment, the narrow corridor felt like an earthquake.

But he didn't realize that every time he resisted, the chain mark on his chest grew a little.

Gradually, his movements seemed to be getting slower and slower.

Until the chain tattoo on his body was full, his body was finally unable to move.

Li Chen walked up to him thoughtfully, and subconsciously stretched out his hand to grab it. A chain grew from the giant beast, and finally connected to Li Chen's left palm.

With a light pull, the soul of the giant beast was pulled out.

His eyes were still roaring, but these were of no avail.

Without the physical body, he could only obediently follow behind Li Chen.

[Killing an Asura Commander, the murderous intent will increase by 1000, triggering the 'killing intent refinement'. 】

Li Chen's eyes lit up.

Killing intent and refining mind can unlock Li Chen's talent.

Since the first trigger, after awakening the 'spiritual smell talent', it has never been triggered again.

Li Chen was also unambiguous, and cut open Asura's chest and abdomen with a pocket knife, and found a bright red bead in the middle of the heart.

This bead looks like a pill, with faint rays of light revealed, not like ordinary things.

After thinking about it, he took it into the Emerald World and moved on.

And although the soul of the giant beast was unwilling, it followed behind him very cooperatively.

Go deep into the cave.

Soon came the third cave.

Compared with the first two, Lichen felt even more horrified.

In the cave, Asura is still a walking dead.

They lined up in two long lines, one active and the other passive.

The active row quickly stretched out its palm, and directly pulled it into the passive row's chest, then took out the Asura Orb from the opponent's body, and directly swallowed it into the belly.

Soon they all became much stronger, then picked up the corpse and threw it outside the tunnel.

This is why there are so many bones on the ground.

Li Chen didn't startle the snake, and continued to walk forward.

The terrain is getting higher and higher, and the top of the hill is also a cave.

Here finally appeared hordes of Ashura.

Completely different from the lower floors just now, these Asuras obviously have their own consciousness.

And the objects they guarded were those Asuras who devoured their companions' Asura beads just now.

They sat cross-legged in the field, as if waiting for something.

Huh~

A gust of wind suddenly rose.

Li Chen only felt the sound of 'buzzing' in his ears.

They flew into a group of dense black shadows from nowhere.

Li Chen took a closer look, only to realize that the black shadow was actually composed of mosquitoes.

They seemed to be used to it, as soon as they flew in, they would find those Asuras in the arena, and lay down on them and sucked wildly.

This scene reminded Li Chen of the blood leech in Shasheng Temple.

Is there any relationship between the two?

Gradually, the abdomens of the mosquitoes swelled gradually, while the Asuras who were sucked by them became skinny and in a trance.

Soon these Ashura stood up tremblingly and walked down.

And the place they went was the first cave Li Chen saw.

It wasn't until this moment that he suddenly realized.

From lingering to proliferate, to gather strength and support blood mosquitoes.

This crypt is not so much a gathering place for Asura to survive, as it is a factory.

On the one hand, they continue the bloodline, and on the other hand, they gather all the cultivation bases and energies together by devouring each other's Shura beads.

Finally, feed the blood mosquitoes that flew in from the top of the hill.

And all of this seems to be their own will.

Li Chen remembered the fluctuations of these mosquitoes, and hurriedly followed from behind.

The black mist made up of mosquitoes flew very fast, but Li Chen used both hands and feet without losing the wind.

Soon the blood mosquito stopped, and it turned out that there was another layer at the top of the burrow.

Here is a small blood pool, densely packed blood mosquitoes burst into blood mist, and then melted into the blood pool.

But Li Chen suddenly remembered that in the first cave, the blood beads on the wall that Asura licked seemed to be seeped from this pool of blood.

It's a cycle.

In the center of the blood pool was a throbbing black mist.

When the black mist surged, the wings could be vaguely seen.

[Blood-winged Black Mosquito: A fierce beast of heaven and earth that evolved in the sea of ​​blood. It is good at sucking the blood essence of all things, and can lay eggs in the body of living beings to form blood beads.

The blood beads can continuously absorb the essence of the host body, and can hatch in the bodies of creatures that meet the requirements. 】

Bloodwing Black Mosquito!

Good guy, he is the same species as the ancient powerful mosquito Taoist.

And on the side of the black mist, there is a figure hanging upside down.

Although the light was slightly blurred, Li Chen still recognized him as Li Sao without a doubt.

It's just that at this moment Li Sao was covered in blood mist, her eyes were closed tightly and she was unconscious.

Li Chen felt a slight sensation in his heart, his eyes were happy first, then stunned.

If a person is alive, there will inevitably be fluctuations in his body.

But what does it mean that there are two fluctuations on the body? !

Li Chen boldly guesses: Li Sao is pregnant.

The child's father is very likely to be the blood-winged black mosquito in the black mist.

I'm in trouble, Junior Brother Sao, I'm going to become a mother in a blink of an eye.

To save or not to save?

Help, we can't let the child not see his father after birth.

Don't save it, a man is about to give birth, do you think it's flirtatious or not?

hum~

Suddenly, a black light flickered in the black mist.

The strange beast finally revealed its true self, which turned out to be a black mosquito with six wings.

hum~

He flew in front of Li Chen.

exposed? !

Before Li Chen could react, the blood in the blood pool turned into bloody tentacles and rushed towards him.

Li Chen was shocked.

The repulsive force of "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" was released.

All the tentacles turned into blood mist within three meters of his body.

The mosquito's eyes were shining, obviously he was very interested in Li Chen.

With a flutter of six wings, he ran in front of Li Chen in an instant.

The ferocious mouthparts on the head pierced straight into Lichen's body.

Li Chen was full of fear, and at the same time he used the Buddha-seeking body method while sending out the repelling force of three thousand catties.

Good guy, it's not enough for you to get my junior brother Sao?

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		