

[Lotus Fall: You can visualize the state of the lotus and imprint it. 】

The lotus has two states.

One is 'planting', and the other is 'releasing'.

In the blood sea world, Lichen has already comprehended the 'seed' and successfully released the red lotus fire.

And this is the key to branding on the sole of the foot.

To 'plant' a lotus, you need soil with karma, and more importantly, a heart that is determined to subdue demons.

The so-called "lotus grows step by step", one lotus flower per step, and the firmness of each step is the true meaning of lotus flower falling.

In the small black room, a red lotus karma floated in front of Li Chen.

The so-called heartfelt attention, at this time, the outline of a red lotus Karma appeared under Lichen's feet.

The cherry red of the red lotus karma gradually blurred, and the kung fu of God fell into the lotus tattoo in a flash.

Li Chen only felt that the sole of his left foot was hot, and he looked down to see that there was already a cherry red lotus flower, which was as delicate as fire.

【Lotus falls (lao)

Left foot position.

Step by step lotus: When fighting, every time you take a step, a hidden red lotus fire will be released on the bottom of your feet. At least five steps can form a lotus formation.

The lotus array comes with a 'cold' state, which will cause slowing and defense breaking effects on targets entering the range.

Description: It's okay, you take two steps. 】

Li Chen was overjoyed, he didn't expect to be branded so easily.

When I came back to my senses, I don't know how long it had been.

It's just that the water of the underworld has already fallen into his waist.

The obscure Zen master on the shore closed his eyes lightly, but there was a gleam in his eyes.

It has been two days, and there is still more than half of the water in Huangquan, and it is crystal clear without any dirt.

There are more than a dozen monks in the past generations of Shasheng Temple who have soaked in the water of the Yellow Spring. The one who took the longest time was the fourth-generation abbot Miefa, who soaked in the pool for a day before the water was exhausted.

Legend has it that he possesses the body of a cold soul, and the seven souls are born without dust and disease, and his aptitude is the best among the heads of all dynasties.

And the shortest one is Mi Hai, the elder of the sixth generation, who is also the master of the obscure Zen master. Because he was poisoned by witchcraft in his early years, he only stayed in the pool for a while before consuming all the water.

By analogy, the water of the underworld can be seen from the side to see a person's cultivation qualifications.

Before, he only thought that Lichen must have had an adventure and his body was different from ordinary people, but now he vaguely guessed that Lichen might have a special physique just like the fourth-generation master Miefa.


["Dionysus Chapter" was baptized with red honey wine, cleared the heart and saw the nature, awakened fate: Drunkard. 】

【"Bacchus"

Fate: Drunkard

Wisdom: Intermediate

Grade: middle grade

Hobbies: drinking, wine tasting

Personality: Will drink, don't stop drinking

State 1: Drinking wine, true qi has its own "fake" effect, every time the feint is successful, the second hit will definitely have a critical strike effect.

State 2: The cup does not stop, the true energy has its own "combo attack" effect, when attacking, there is a chance to trigger an additional attack, and it must hit.

State 3: After drinking, enter the active practice, there is a chance to trigger the 'speech the truth after drinking' and perfect the exercises.

Description 1: It was originally the supreme avenue heart method "Blood Nerve" of Patriarch Styx, which has gone through ages, and only remnants remain.

Description 2: Monk Bukong used the "Wujianyin method" to combine various exercises to complete the remaining chapters, but the power was greatly reduced. At the same time, he needed to use blood to dissolve the hostility. It is called "Huaxue Zhenjing".

Description 3: Being enlightened by the monk Lichen after drinking, he introduced the old and brought forth the new, and turned it into a low-level "Bacchanalia", which faintly has the embryonic form of the great way.

Description 4: Monk Lichen used the "Infinite Sealing Method" to deduce this skill, completely opened the cage, made the skill method a self-contained system, and gave birth to infinite possibilities. 】

A burst of brilliance flashed in the Xixin Pavilion.

"Bacchanalia" unlocked a fate: Drunkard.

[Drunkard: Special fate, likes wine tasting, but the drunkard's intention is not in wine.

After drinking the wine in the glass, you will know its meaning, and you can serve the wine with various magical methods, extract the essence, discard the dross, learn from all the advantages, and perfect yourself. 】

Li Chen was overjoyed, it turned out that this was the true meaning of fate.

It is possible to incorporate martial arts and miraculous techniques into wine, so as to realize self-awareness after drinking, be inclusive, and learn from others' strengths.

At this moment, a line of words flashed in the interpretation mirror:

【Drunkard doesn't mean to drink~】

During this trip to the Blood Sea Secret Realm, Li Chen captured many souls, and they explained a lot of exercises.

After thinking for a while, first hand over the "Blood Drinking Magic Art" that Commander Asura gave to "Bacchanalia".

The true qi cultivated in "Blood Drinking Magic Art" and "Hua Xue Jing" are very similar, and it is very likely that both exercises were born out of "Blood Nerve".

And "Bacchanalia" is also born out of "Blood Nerve", and the two phases confirm that it may be able to gain something.

Li Chen made up his mind, held up the gourd for a while, and the scarlet wine poured down.

At the same time, "Blood Drinking Magic Art" was incorporated into it, while "Bacchanalia" was like a drunken man, drinking all the water and wine while talking and laughing.

It is not only wine tasting, but also martial arts.

The obscure elder on the bank first smelled a mellow aroma of wine, and then heard Li Chen in the pool chanting softly:

"I have a jug of wine, enough to comfort the wind and dust.

Do all the rivers and seas, and give drinks to people all over the world. "

He seemed to be dreaming and awake, infatuated and intoxicated, with a misty white mist all over his body, and his demeanor was extraordinary and refined.

Free and easy without losing manners, in a trance but extremely real.

It's like a banished immortal leaving behind, and even more like a leisurely saint coming.

As indifferent as an obscure Zen master, he couldn't help sighing secretly at this time: good demeanor.

["Bacchus" uses "Blood Drinking Magic Art" to drink, taste the mystery, and seem to realize something. 】

As the red honey wine entered his belly, apart from being intoxicated by the aroma of the wine, there was another feeling between his lips and teeth.

The true qi in the body circulates on its own, but it is slightly different from "Bacchanalia".

It not only has the original purity of "Bacchanalia", but also has a touch of sharpness.

["Bacchus" wine tasting, if you realize something, you can unlock features: fierce, elementary.

True Qi circulated and became faster. 】

Li Chen experienced it with his heart, the true qi was generated from the dantian, and flowed through the whole body for several weeks. It looked the same on the outside, but the energy was exhausted, and the true qi was exhausted.

It seems to be much simpler than before, and it should be a bit domineering and fierce from the "Blood Drinking Magic Art".

Li Chen was very excited, he didn't expect to absorb a skill so quickly.

Afterwards, Li Chen also mixed the door "The Fire of Karma" obtained from King Yasha into the wine.

["Bacchanalia" began to savor "The Fire of Karma", and seemed to realize something. 】

["Bacchus" wine tasting, if you realize something, you can unlock features: weird, elementary.

Infuriatingly hesitant, a little more elusive. 】


["Dionysus Chapter" began to taste "Yasha Exploring the Sea", and seemed to realize something. 】

["Bacchus" wine tasting, if you realize something, you can unlock features: smart, elementary.


["Bacchus" began to taste "Jiao Tun", and seemed to realize something. 】

["Bacchus" wine tasting, if you realize something, you can unlock the characteristics: vigorous, elementary.

The true energy is released, and the momentum is increased by three points. 】


["Bacchus" began to taste "Shark Coat", and seemed to realize something. 】

["Bacchus" wine tasting, if you realize something, you can unlock features: sturdy, elementary.

True Qi defense, more solidified and solid. 】


PS: Thanks to the book friend Breeze Xiangbei for 100 rewards.

PS: Thanks for the 100 rewards from the book friend Xunxie, in the bright mirror of Gaotang, there is your own Xunxie division~~

PS: Thank you book friend 20201127152537792 for the 100 tip.

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		