

Aww~

The sunspots formed one piece at a time, forming the shape of a big dragon.

After a while, the dragon shadow tumbling, and a long howl, was the finishing touch.

At this moment, Li Chen's eyes suddenly fixed, and he picked up a chess piece in his hand.

snap~

This piece is falling in the middle of the sand where the black pieces are about to be completed and the white pieces are scattered.

It is miraculous to say that all the white pieces seemed to be summoned, they were originally scattered everywhere, fighting each other, but suddenly they echoed from head to tail, echoing from a distance, and they were able to block the remaining power of the black dragon.

It's just that the black dragon needs two or three more sons to achieve great success. By then, the dragon will swim in the sea, and the white son will have no chance to stand up.

But this sudden change of move made the black dragon seem to be wrapped in shackles. The big dragon that used to swim all over the world has now become a trapped shoal.

The Blood Dragon King frowned, there is something, but it's not enough, picked up a sunspot, and forcibly touched it at the place where the dragon was locked.

Outside the martial arts pavilion, there was a sudden storm, and the sunspot became a great dragon. He opened his teeth and claws, looking down at the world.

On the other hand, Baizi was embedded in the dragon's body like a shackle, but he was about to break free when he was hit hard, as if he would be in danger in the next moment.

The Blood Dragon King was overjoyed. At this time, the black dragon had been completed, and the whole chess game was exactly the same as the chess record he had studied for a hundred years.

With a smile in his eyes, he stared at the little monk in front of him, waiting for him to be caught without a fight.

But Li Chen picked up a white ball, and raised the corner of his mouth slightly: "Dragon King, can you understand this situation?"

The Blood Dragon King laughed: "It's exactly that page of regular chess."

"good."

"Can the Dragon King admit defeat?"

The Blood Dragon King's laughter stopped abruptly, conceding the bet? I?

"Little monk, have you lost your mind and gone crazy, my big dragon has..."

Snapped!

The white piece landed in a position that the Blood Dragon King couldn't even imagine.

There are sunspots on half of the wall, and a little white in the middle, but it looks like an arrow hit in the middle of the black dragon's reverse scale.

In an instant, the turbulent waves outside the Martial Arts Pavilion surged into the sky, nine layers connected, and finally merged into one, extinguishing the arrogance of the black dragon head-on, and the continuous roar of the dragon suddenly turned into bursts of whimpering.

The sound of the dragon's chant stops, the chess game ends, and the turmoil stops.

This Go routine can be called: Kanglong Yougui.

Kanglong has regrets, and it will not last long.

The black snake turned into a dragon, and the black dragon turned into a dragon. It seemed that the dragon soared thousands of miles and took the lead, but he was deeply ill and had fallen into the mud.

In the end, he was silently moistened by Baiqi and succeeded in slaying the dragon.

["Linglong Mind Scheming" watch chess games and perform martial arts, retrieve some lost memories, awaken personality: perform martial arts]

[Yanwu: You can evolve the attacking methods in the chess record into using utensils. 】

【Exquisite scheming

Disabled intelligence

Hobbies: Yidao

Personality: Asking hands, performing martial arts, automatic navigation

State 1: Take the heaven and earth as the chessboard, and everything in the body as the chess pieces, and use the magic weapon to control it, just like playing chess with others.

State 2: Stretch out your palm, you can sense the Qi movement in the direction your palm is facing, and make a countermeasure in advance.

State 3: The attacking means in the chess record can be evolved into the magic weapon.

State 4: With automatic addressing and automatic obstacle avoidance functions, until the end point.

Description 1: Watching chess records or playing chess more can speed up the recovery of the soul. 】

Seeing the newly unlocked Yan Wu, Li Chen was overjoyed.

He has always fought against the enemy empty-handed. Although he can use the Tanchan rosary to help him, it is a pity that it all depends on the agility of the magic weapon itself.

Later, "Linglong Mind Scheming" unlocked Yi Dao, and it became handy to drive magic weapons.

Cooperating with "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers", the power can still be increased by a few points, but if it is against the enemy, relying only on "Linglong Mind Scheming" to guard the rosary, the method will be monotonous.

At this time, with the personality of 'Yanwu', you can evolve the various fixed forms of the chess record into killing methods, and bless them on the rosary.

Jieshi uses rosary beads instead of chess pieces to send out, which not only has the power of rosary beads itself, but also has the power of evolution to kill the avenue, and the superposition of the two will definitely be better than before.

["Linglong Mind Scheming" has evolved into a formula of 'Kanglong has regrets'. 】

[Kanglong Yougui: You must use two or more magic tools, one is the 'Aspect of Kanglong' and the other is the 'Aspect of Regret'. 】

The so-called vigorous dragon's appearance means that the strength is indomitable, but when you release the magic weapon, you will go all out, which belongs to the vigorous style.

The so-called sign of regret means that the direction can be reversed at any time, and there is a three-point leeway after sending out, which belongs to the dexterous style.

It just so happened that Li Chen could only control two Greedy Toad beads now.

Two rosary beads can complement each other or replace each other.

Once fighting with others, during the interspersed double rosary beads, one strong and one soft, it is bound to make people fear three points.

This set of chess records of Kanglong Yougui is still a relatively introductory piece in "Wangyou Ji".

I don't know if other formulas can be comprehended in this way.

The Blood Dragon King has studied this entry-level formula for nearly a hundred years. Although his chess skills are average, he has figured out the method of using chess to enter the Tao.

If there is a chance, let him play a game with Monk Ji Ding no matter what.

The two stinky chess baskets are together, and I don't know what sparks can be sparked.

The Blood Dragon King stared at the chess game in front of him in a daze, his body glistened with blood, as if he had realized something.

Outside the Storm Pavilion, Bai Jiao has been watching patiently.

At the beginning, when he saw the blood dragon king, Heilong Dacheng, he thought that he was sure of winning, and laughed in his heart that this little monk was overconfident.

But who knows that in the end, the black dragon was actually a strong outsider, and was hit by a white chess piece. It was a good situation, and the whole game was lost, and it didn't know what to say for a while.

He only said: This monk first fought with thousands of troops, was besieged by the leaders of the five armies, and now he defeated the Blood Dragon King in Go, really don't know how to write the word "death"?

When the chess game was over, Li Chen began to look for a way out.

At this time, it has been more than half a day since the distance from the blood shadow ship. If everything goes well, the blood shadow ship has already traveled more than half, and it will not take long to reach this shore.

And Li Chen didn't need to procrastinate any longer, after all, the comrades in the Blood Sea Secret Realm couldn't hold on for long.

Thinking of this, Lichen held the rosary in one hand and put his other hand on his chest, and proclaimed the Buddha's name: "Amitabha, so good."

"Thank you Dragon King for your hospitality. I don't want to bother you, so I'm leaving."

Seeing that the Dragon King was still contemplating, he turned around and left regardless of other things.

When he was about to go down the steps, the voice of the Blood Dragon King came from behind: "Slow down."

Li Chen frowned: "Senior Dragon King, what advice do you have?"

"You can't go yet."

"Senior Dragon King wants to go back on his word?"

The Blood Dragon King stood up from the pavilion, the blood on his body gathered and dispersed, and finally disappeared into his body, as if he had gained something.

With his hands behind his back, he walked to Li Chen's side, and pondered, "Aren't you curious why this king insists on finding the Meteor Fire Fork?"

"This is also closely related to the Killing Temple."

Li Chen rubbed the rosary in his hands, and really wanted to know what was the secret in it, so he couldn't help but stand still and wait for the next step.

The Blood Dragon King seemed to know that he must be interested, turned around on his own, and said slowly: "There are flaws in the way, and there are flaws in this world..."

PS: Thanks to the three book friends who are confused and drunk late at night, Shi Lao, and what the hell is Che Zhuzi~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		