

Five days passed in the blink of an eye.

Qu Chen finally figured out some usages of the Interpretation Mirror.

The interpreter mirror has two functions.

One is the interpretation of language, which can reflect the inner voice of all things, including the inner voice of human beings.

The second is psychic, which can allow items with potential to awaken spiritual wisdom.

Unfortunately, very few items have psychic potential.

At present, only "Hua Xue Jing" has awakened spiritual wisdom.

Still low.

Early in the morning, the little monk came to take care of her as usual.

He is very interesting, as long as he hears the word "senior brother", his favorability will gradually increase.

Qu Chen has figured this out, and now he is already a relative in the heart of the little monk.

Closer than a brother.

After Qu Chen had eaten and drank enough, he said mysteriously, "Junior brother, today is a big day."

"Brother, may I ask what is the big day?"

"Today is the day you want to shave or become a monk."

"(⊙o⊙) what?"

I just got notified...


Killing Temple, Empty Nest Buddhist Temple.

Just like its name.

The yard was really empty.

In the hall.

There is a Buddha whose name cannot be called.

In front of the Buddha is an altar.

There is an old incense burner on the altar.

A thin, middle-aged monk lit three incense sticks and inserted them lightly.

Looking at the green smoke curling up, he muttered something.

After a long time, he turned to Qu Chen who was standing stupidly, nodded, motioning him to kneel down.

People who can't eat meat, can't drink alcohol, and can't mate.

Can you live this day?

Qu Chen straightened his legs, this was his last stubbornness.

A thin monk with an unabated smile on his face.

It's just that at some point, there was an extra razor in my hand.

Show your sharpness.

When the mirror of Xieyu was turned, the thin face of the middle-aged monk was reflected in the mirror.

[Either shave your hair, or get rid of the root of the trouble. 】

poof.

Qu Chen was kneeling upright.

Join if you can't beat it.

This is not normal.

Live, not shabby.

The middle-aged monk was very satisfied. It had been a long time since he had seen such a devout disciple.

He pressed the razor with one hand, and brushed the top of his head with the other: "You will not slacken your body and life, can you hold on now?"

"Can hold..."

As soon as the words fell, the black hair scattered on his head.

Good knife skills.

The coolness and creamy touch from the scalp: I ​​finally lived the appearance I hate the most.

"The precept of killing life, remember it in your heart."

"Follow the master's decree."

and many more.

This is the end?

Only one ring?

After thinking about it, this precept is superfluous in the sorcerer's sect!

Finally, wine, meat and women are lost and found again.

Qu Chen burst into tears with excitement.

The thin monk smiled: 【This disciple is so devout, it is really a predestined relationship with my Buddha. 】

"I kill the living temple, according to the eight sufferings of all living beings, set the Dharma name 'Sheng, Mi, Obscurity, Silence, Leaving, Seeing, Obtaining, Form, Feeling, Thinking, Action, Consciousness'."

"As a teacher of 'Lonely', you have the word 'Li' in your life, so I will give you the name 'Li Chen'."

"I hope you stay away from the world of mortals and create a pure land alone.

"Thank you, Master, for giving me the name."

The mirror of Xieyu reflected the satisfied smiling face of the lonely monk, who commented:

【sensible! 】

[Arrange an easier homework for you. 】

"Outrageous, your brother's body hasn't recovered yet, so you can take him to the 'Xiangji Kitchen' to practice."

The little monk's dharma name turned out to be 'outrageous'? !

It's just off the charts.

"Yes, master."

After saluting, the two left the monastery.

Although the killing temple is located in a remote magic sect.

But after vicissitudes, it has been thousands of years.

The temple is huge.

The two are in front of each other.

Li Chen (Qu Chen) has a mirror of interpretation by his side, and he knows the likes and dislikes of this outrageous senior brother.

So after a flattering meal, the outrageous little monk was already soft all over.

"Brother, where is Xiangji Kitchen?"

"Xiangji Kitchen is the kitchen of Shasheng Temple, which specializes in making vegetarian meals."

"This is a comfortable class. You only need to supervise the cooking of the staff when you go."

"I also want to thank the master for his kindness, and thank you brother for taking care of me."

[It feels good to have a junior. 】

"By the way, Senior Brother, isn't there another disciple who also passed the test?"

"Why didn't I see him shaved today?"

He had heard about it while recuperating.

There are two survivors of this blood test.

One was himself, who was dying when he came out.

And the other came out alive and well.

Push hard.

The outrageous little monk sneered upon hearing the words: "That junior brother suffered some skin trauma and needs to recuperate for a while."

Skin trauma?

Li Chen was taken aback.

At this time, the mirror of Xieyu flashed.

[Training is really a lot of fun. 】

Li Chen's heart tightened.

Training?

Could it be that he was taught by an outrageous little monk?

Here comes a tough guy.

Scared, scared.

After a while, the two came to Xiangji Kitchen.

Xiangji Kitchen is on the south side of the monastery.

There are three green tile houses and a meditation room for monks to rest.

At this time, in the kitchen, two assistants were busy.

The associates are not monks, but ordinary people at the foot of the mountain.

Seeing Li Chen approaching, they all stepped forward to salute.

The outrageous little monk said to the two of them: "My junior brother is weak, you should take care of me."

The pyrotechnician repeatedly nodded in response.

"Junior brother, you can rest here in peace, and if you need something, you can come to the Zen garden to find me."

"Thank you, brother, for your hard work."

The outrageous monk nodded in satisfaction and left: [Brother's comfort! 】

Once outrageously gone, Li Chen had nothing to do.

On the futon, yawning again and again.

Suddenly there was a smell of wine.

Li Chen regained his spirit immediately.

The scriptures of "Hua Xue Jing", reflected in the interpretation mirror, have become: [The hunger and thirst are unbearable. 】

In the past few days, he tried his best to change a lot of drinks: tea, oil, vinegar, and he even squeezed a glass of juice in the ancient way.

But "Hua Xue Jing Jing" doesn't seem to like it.

But there is no alcohol in the empty nest monastery.

Didn't expect to come across here.

"Master, you drink water."

One of the workers brought a bowl of crude tea with a smile.

His name is Li Fugui, he has a bright eye, and he has a lot of eyes.

Li Chen nodded appreciatively.

As for the other Li Ergou...

People are dull.

I just went up the mountain yesterday.

He is eight feet tall and has a full beard.

Wearing a torn leather jacket, holding a yellow leather gourd in his hand.

The smell of wine came from the gourd.

Li Ergou didn't talk much.

I usually like to drink a couple of sips.

At this moment, seeing Li Chen staring at his wine gourd, he felt a little bit in his heart: Doesn't Shasheng Temple not give up drinking?

Why does this monk seem to have something wrong with his eyes.

The wine gourd suddenly became a hot potato, neither to be taken nor to be put away.

Seeing this, Li Chen secretly smiled: You are not too smart.

So he sighed, "Amitabha, sin is sin."

"Two dogs benefactor, don't be restrained, just drink by yourself."

Li Ergou heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that.

I just wanted to take two sips to suppress my shock.

But he heard a long sigh: "But..."

"...The Buddha said: Alcohol is a poison that penetrates the intestines, disturbing my heart and disturbing my world."

"Thinking of this, the little monk is very sad."

"However, people in the world are ignorant, how can they be freed?"

"Amitabha, sin is sin."

Li Ergou's actions stopped abruptly: whoever wants to drink, whoever wants to drink.

I don't dare to drink anyway.

"Master, I quit, quit."

Just as he was talking, he hung the gourd around his waist again.

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, this was too embarrassing.

So he shook his head: "It's easy to cross one person, but difficult to cross all living beings."

"Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva said: I don't go to hell, whoever goes to hell."

"I, Monk Lichen, although my practice is superficial, I also have a heart to transcend the world."

"I wish to use this residual body to taste the suffering of all living beings."

After finishing speaking, he stretched out his hand and handed it to Li Ergou.

Li Ergou was dumbfounded, and the corner of his mouth twitched slightly: Didn't you say that the main business of the monks on the mountain is to kill people?

How can there be such an unprofessional one?

He glanced at Lichen's hand, and then at his own gourd.

As if relieved, he put the gourd on it.

Li Chen was very satisfied, took the wine gourd: "It's good, it's good.

I cross the world, and the two dogs cross me~"

After speaking, he raised his head and took a sip into his mouth.

The sour taste of wine slipped down the throat and exploded directly in the stomach.

Although it is just the mountain wine brewed by the farm, the taste of the wine is not light.

At this time, the Interpretation Mirror shines brightly.

"Blood Transformation Scripture": [What kind of fairy drink is this? ! 】

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		