

Qu Chen suddenly opened his eyes.

In the dark room, the candles flickered on and off.

Where is this?

Countless pictures came to mind.

He froze.

This is clearly another person's memory.

This world.

It has been thousands of years since Zhou replaced Shang Zuo.

There is no Spring and Autumn Period, Warring States Period, Great Qin Dynasty and Strong Han Dynasty.

The Central Plains was prosperous in Kyushu.

There are eight wastelands and stability in the frontier.

In addition to the eight wastelands, there is also peace in the world.

It was the time of the dynasty's heyday.

The place where Qu Chen was located was called Shasheng Temple.

It is located in the remote southern wilderness.

The Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva is enshrined in the temple, and it also has the inheritance of the ancestor of Minghe.

With a heart of compassion, uphold the thought of killing.

Obviously cultivating compassion, but he can't let go of the butcher's knife in his hand, stirring up the wind and rain.

Therefore, it is not only tabooed by the righteous Zen sect, but also rejected by the Mo Dao sect.

For thousands of years, living in a corner, it is also quiet.

There are five Buddhist temples in Shasheng Temple.

The way to get started is different for each monastery.

Among them, the "Blood Transformation Trial" in the Empty Nest Temple is the cruelest.

All the disciples who participated in the trial can directly get the "Blood Transformation Sutra" from the empty nest monastery.

Legend has it that "Hua Xue Zhen Jing" was derived from the inheritance of the ancestor Minghe.

The blood-transforming true energy cultivated is extremely domineering.

It must be tempered with blood to get rid of its hostility before it can be used for one's own use.

After the disciples of the trial obtained the scriptures, they were thrown directly into the killing forest outside the temple.

To pass the trial, three conditions must be met.

One said, courageous.

In the killing forest, monsters and beasts dormant.

If you want to survive, you have to face your fear.

You have to stay in the forest for three days to pass this level.

The second is understanding.

After all, "Hua Xue Jing" comes from ancient inheritance.

The content is difficult to understand.

These trial disciples are all talented practitioners themselves.

If it is not for those with excellent understanding, I am afraid that they will not be able to understand the mystery.

The third is to kill.

Turning blood into true energy, he is incomparably domineering.

When practicing, you must drink your blood.

Otherwise, the true qi will eat back, consume your own essence and blood, and die immediately.

Disciples who can pass the trial can be said to be very rare.

Therefore, the Empty Nest Chanyuan has had no harvest for ten years.

In the huge Buddhist monastery, there is only one master and one disciple left.

But this year, something unexpected happened.

Passed two at once.

Qu Chen is one of them.

His predecessor was coaxed by a monk to go up the mountain, and he participated in the trial by mistake.

As a result, without drinking blood.

Directly practiced into the "Blood Transformation Scripture".

After a week of work, the soul flies into the sky.

Half of the blood essence was consumed.

Feeling the weakness in his body, Qu Chen couldn't help smiling bitterly.

It is God's mercy that he survived this encounter.

The room was very dark, besides the bed, there was a small square table.

On the table, a lamp is like a bean.

Just like him now.

I don't know when it turned off.

Just as he was feeling sorry for himself, a flash of light flashed in his mind.

【I am the lamp】

Qu Chen was taken aback.

Taking a closer look, it turned out to be an ancient mirror full of purple air in my mind.

The body of the mirror is dark silver, with four seal characters engraved on the back.

'Jieyu' is written on one side.

'Psychic' written on one side.

There is also a pattern of a full moon in the middle.

Seeing this pattern, Qu Chen was shocked.

The logo of Xuanjing Division? !

The Xuanjing Division is the official organization of the Great Zhou Dynasty to restrain the sects of the world.

Directly led by Zhou Tianzi.

Legend has it that in the Xuanjing Division, there is an inheritance from the ancient heavenly court 'Xuanjingtian'.

Most of the disciples are famous for envoys of various mirror magic weapons.

Nothing in the world can resist it.

But why is there such a mirror in my mind?

Qu Chen thought for a moment.

In the memory of the predecessor, there seems to be no information about this mirror.

Turn the mirror body, the light can shine on people.

A pale face was reflected in the mirror.

【Deficiency of essence and blood, impeded flow of qi. 】

Qu Chen's eyes brightened: Xieyu, Xieyu, could it be that it can reflect everything.

He thought about it, and the only "Blood Transformation Scripture" he learned came to his mind.

At this time, a line of words appeared on the mirror:

【I'm so hungry...】

Qu Chen was taken aback, I was seen through?

No, not right.

Now the mirror is reflecting the "Blood Transformation Scripture"!

It was the "Blood Transformation Scripture" that was seen through.

["Blood Transformation Scripture" has psychic potential. 】

[Successful awakening of elementary wisdom. 】

[Personality: bloodthirsty, violent]

[Status 1: When practicing passively, there will be hostility, which needs to be resolved with blood. If it cannot be suppressed, it will become mad.

State 2: Through blood-sucking training, it is easy to become addicted.

Description: I'm so horny. 】

Awakening elementary wisdom? !

It turns out that psychic means this.

Don't wait for him to study further.

At this time, footsteps came from outside the house.

Squeak.

The wooden door was pushed open.

A thin figure squeezed in from the night.

Put a bowl of hot porridge on the table.

Pick up the wick with chopsticks.

The room suddenly brightened a lot.

Only then did Qu Chen discover that the other party was a young monk.

He has delicate features and looks in his teens.

It's just that on the side of his forehead, there is a scorched black spot the size of a palm, covered with hideous scars.

It's a bit like a marinated egg engraved with a QR code.

The little monk glanced at the head of the bed, only to see Qu Chen staring at him with staring eyes, and couldn't help saying happily: "You finally woke up."

After speaking, come over and help Qu Chen up.

Qu Chen coughed lightly, and a layer of sweat was already breaking out on his body.

This feeling, the mast and scull vanished in ashes.

"Little master, you saved me?"

The little monk smiled and shook his head: "You're welcome, just call me Senior Brother from now on."

"Um??"

Qu Chen was taken aback.

brother?

Seeing his hesitation, the little monk smiled even wider, and the corners of his mouth curved into an arc, revealing a row of white teeth.

The mirror light in Qu Chen's mind flickered, and the bright smiling face of the little monk was reflected in it.

A line of writing appeared on the mirror: [If you don't call me Senior Brother, your life will be meaningless...]

Qu Chen's heart trembled: I almost forgot, this is the Shasheng Temple.

Full of magic.

Despite the kindness on the little monk's face, he is also a real devil.

The so-called people under the eaves, how dare not bow their heads.

Live, not shabby.

"Brother!"

Hearing this, the little monk was stunned for a moment, then his eyebrows and eyes were curved, and his face was flushed.

He nodded slightly, and suddenly tears welled up in his eyes.

[Ten years, ten years. 】

【Brother, I have been looking forward to this sentence for ten years. 】

[It feels good to have a junior brother. 】

Qu Chen stared at the handwriting on the Jieyu mirror in a daze.

This little monk is too easy to satisfy.

"Junior brother, congratulations on passing the 'Blood Transformation Test' and becoming a disciple of the Empty Nest Temple."

"Speaking of which, our Empty Nest Temple had a bumper harvest this year, and we passed two at once."

"two?"

"Well, besides you, there is another junior who had a sudden accident."

grunt~

At this time, Qu Chen's stomach groaned a few times.

The little monk understood and began to feed the meal very intimately.

After eating a bowl of gruel, Qu Chen felt warm all over his body.

Blood Transformation Sutra: [It's really hard to drink. 】

Qu Chen was taken aback for a moment, it dared not be happy.

At this time, the little monk had already cleaned up the dishes with swift hands and feet.

"The master said that although you have mastered the "Blood Transformation Manual", you have suffered a backlash from your true energy.

Most of the essence and blood in his body had been melted away, and it was his luck to survive. "

"Remember not to practice anymore these few days, and take care of your body first."

The little monk cared for him to lie down.

He picked up the dishes, turned around and walked to the door, but suddenly stopped.

He turned his head, showing that creepy smile again.

Qu Chen quickly turned to the Xie Yu mirror to take a picture.

[Brother is leaving, don't you know how to greet?

It's impolite, and it really needs training! 】

The word "also" is very subtle.

Qu Chen hurriedly said: "Brother, go slowly, brother, you have worked hard!"

The little monk rolled his eyes, and his heart was filled with warmth.

【Junior brother really hurts me. 】

【Looks like this doesn't need training! 】

PS: Before it goes on the shelves, there are two changes a day, and after it goes on the shelves, three changes are guaranteed.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		