

Blood Dragon Palace.

The place where the Blood Dragon King lived was unimpeded for a group of people.

Li Chen's hands were bound, and every time he exerted force, the entanglement became tighter, so he had no choice but to give up struggling.

[Zongbing Xia was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】

[Zongbing Xia couldn't bear the torment of the flames of purgatory, and confessed a high-grade spear technique "Sky Spear". 】


【Captain Crab was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly confess everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】

[Lieutenant Crab couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, so he explained a mid-grade Xuanjia body training method "Xuanjia". 】


[General Shark was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly confess everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】

Li Chen was overjoyed, sure enough, he couldn't withstand the power of the Red Lotus Karma Fire. At that time, he struck out in anger and planted the Red Lotus Karmic Fire on General Shark.

[General Shark couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, so he explained a top-grade condensate method "Shark Coat". 】

This "Shark Coat" should be the body armor that can forcibly shake Li Chen's palm.

Congenital condensate, capable of attacking and defending, with various forms, Li Chen has already acquired several sects, each with its own strengths.

[General Shark couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, so he explained a top-grade exercise "Whale's breath exercise". 】

[General Shark couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, and explained a low-level weapon forging method "Shark Tooth Knife". 】

[General Shark couldn't bear the torture of the fire of purgatory, so he confessed a mid-level light kung fu "Flying in the Waves". 】


As expected of a general level, he confessed a lot of good things at once, all of which were above the ground level. This was Li Chen's most rewarding harvest.

Li Chen thought about it and asked about it, but he didn't expect that General Shark really knew the solution to the tie.

Legend has it that once in the sea of ​​blood, there was a dragon with infinite power who was the best at restraining the body. After death, the dragon's tendons were pulled out by the power, and it was refined into a 'tire of dragon'.

The dragon dragon can turn into a dragon shadow, as long as it is bitten by it, it can use the power of the person who is tied.

Hearing this, Li Chen realized suddenly, no wonder he had the power of a dragon and an elephant, and he couldn't break free. It turned out that the dragon was bound to use his strength to fight against himself.

If you want to break free, you need to let the dragon's mouth open first, so that it can't borrow strength, and then you can break free easily.

This dragon likes to drink alcohol, as long as it drinks good wine, it will open its mouth.

Li Chen couldn't laugh or cry, it turned out that the antidote was in himself.

However, he did not act rashly, but continued to follow silently.

Not long after, everyone came to a small booth.

There is an old man in the pavilion, wearing a crown on his head and dressed in brocade, with a chessboard in front of him, thinking hard.

The young general Baijia stopped first, turned around and told Li Chen: "Little monk, do you want to live?"

Li Chen nodded, and the young general Bai Jia was very satisfied:

"My master has been comprehending chess records for nearly a hundred years, and this is the key point. If you disturb him, you can't say, Ka~"

The young general Bai Jia was good at stroking his neck with his hand, with a fierce expression on his face.

Li Chen obeyed all over his face: I can't afford to provoke, I can't afford to provoke.

The young general Bai Jia nodded in satisfaction, and then led him into the gazebo.

The old man probably knew that someone was coming in, but he remained indifferent. The young general in white armor lowered his head, as if he was used to it.

Li Chen behind him looked at the old man curiously.

I saw him with a broad face and square nose, a strong crown and a beard, and a pair of dragon horns protruding from his forehead. He should be the Lord of the Blood Sea Dragon Palace, the Blood Dragon King without a doubt.

But when Li Chen looked at the chessboard, he chuckled lightly.

The white-armored young general was blindfolded, his eyes widened: Are you a birthday star who eats arsenic all the time?

Li Chen shook his head with a bitter face: Nima, I really can't help it.

He glanced at it just now, he is too familiar with this game record, an enlightenment formula in Monk Ji Ding's "Wang You Ji", just studying it for a hundred years?

This... this Dragon King is probably a fool.

The Blood Dragon King was finally awakened by Li Chen's chuckle, he slowly raised his head, his eyes narrowed slightly, showing anger: "Who dares to disturb this king's chess game!"

After being caught by the Dragon King's eyes, Li Chen's scalp felt numb.

This is... killing intent.

Snapped!

The Blood Dragon King swiped his hand, and the glazed cup on the table fell to the ground and broke into pieces: "Where is the monk from?"

The young general Bai Jia hurried forward and saluted: "Master... this disciple was ordered to catch the thief, and the Meteor Fire Fork is on this monk."

The Blood Dragon King's gaze was even worse, and he pressed Li Chen's eyes unabashedly: "Oh? Why did you laugh just now?"

This small world has experienced tens of thousands of years, and it has long been unable to withstand the impact of too much power, so the Blood Dragon King can use the cultivation base of the fifth level of innate realm at most.

Of course Li Chen was not afraid, with a calm smile on his face: "I'm sorry, sorry, I just saw the Dragon King pondering, and suddenly felt something..."

"You have seen this chess record."

The Dragon King stood up from the pavilion, walked down the steps slowly, and came to Li Chen: "Yes, you are a bald donkey, and that kid was also a bald donkey back then, you must have seen this chess record!"

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, what does this "Wang You Ji" chess record say? And who is the bald donkey mentioned by the Blood Dragon King?

Uncle Ji Ding? Impossible, when the Blood Sea secret realm was opened nearly a hundred years ago, the eighth-generation disciples never went to sea because the blood shadow ship was damaged.

How could he have met Uncle Ji Ding?

Li Chen's thoughts changed sharply, and instead of answering, he asked, "Do you want the Meteor Fire Fork?"

The Blood Dragon King narrowed his eyes: "Oh, I think it's not easy to get the Meteor Fire Fork?"

As soon as the words fell, the Blood Dragon King's fingers turned into claws and grabbed Li Chen's neck.

Li Chen was bound all over, and he didn't want to hide at all at this moment: "If I die, you will never see Meteor Fire Fork."

The Dragon King was stunned, his face slightly angry: "The Meteor Fire Fork isn't on you?!"

With a smile on Li Chen's face, he was already noncommittal.

The Blood Dragon King still didn't believe it, and thought in his heart, he already had an orb the size of a fist in his hand.

This orb is pure white and flawless, and its whole body is translucent. There is a glimmer of light in it, and there are faint roars of waves.

[Dinghaizhu, the treasure of the eight dragons. 】

Li Chen was stunned for a moment, Eight Heavenly Dragons?

"Lotus Sutra: Devadatta Pin": "The eight divisions of heaven and dragon, human and non-human, all see the dragon girl becoming a Buddha from afar."

It is also recorded in Asura's cave secret collection that the ancestor of Styx preached on this bank, and Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva preached on the other bank, and the equal vine grew in the middle.

At that time, there were eight sects of people who took refuge in my Buddha, and they protected the Buddhist scriptures for my Buddha. Later, the Buddha bestowed them with treasures to strengthen their foundations.

Undoubtedly, this sea pearl is the treasure of dragons.

Then the Meteor Fire Fork they have been looking for should undoubtedly be the treasure of the Yasha Clan.

It's just that as the master of the dragons, why did he take the treasure of the Yashas?

When the eight treasures of the eight tribes are close to each other, they will have a sense of induction.

The Blood Dragon King held Ding Haizhu around Lichen and turned around, his expression turned cold: "Sure enough, it's not on him!"

PS: Thanks to the three book friends who are confused and drunk late at night, Shi Lao, and what the hell is Che Zhuzi~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		