

Go back to the meditation room.

Li Chen held the 'Greedy Toad Rosary Bead' with both hands.

The surface of the rosary is not smooth.

At first glance, it really looks like a small toad.

It was a bit heavy to hang around the neck.

He took the cream monk route.

Hanging such a pair of rosary beads added three points of murderous aura to her body.

Zen Master Lonely said that it has a long history and cannot be studied.

This instead aroused Li Chen's curiosity.

This bead is neither gold nor stone, and is extremely exquisite in workmanship.

Unusual objects.

Moreover, Zen Master Lonely also said that the rosary is passed down.

Will there be any secrets in it?

Thinking so in my heart, I took a picture with the interpretation mirror.

【Greedy toad rosary has psychic potential. 】

[Unlock primary soul. 】

【Greedy toad rosary

primary soul

Personality: empty, lonely, cold

Hobbies: health care

Status: When it's lonely, it gets incredibly heavy.

Description: When you are lonely, who do you think of, do you want to find someone to buy~]

It seems that this string of beads is quite suitable for the Lonely Zen Master.

But since it can be channeled by the Jieyu mirror, it is probably not a mortal thing.

See status and description.

The rosary should be very empty and lonely at this time.

No, a plate?

Li Chen looked at the dull pair of rosary beads in his hand.

Maybe it's been too long without maintenance.

The surface has become extremely rough and prickly.

Such a heavy pair of beads.

Normal people shouldn't be able to disk it.

Li Chen held it with both hands, randomly pinched a grain with his fingers, and gently twisted it.

At least start with a layer of patina.

[Description: soft and weak~]

[Description: Didn't you eat? 】

From the dust.

Feelings, you have come to the big health care.

Unconsciously, I added another three points of strength to my hand.

[Description: It's so itchy, so comfortable, and the strength is just right. 】

[Description: I feel my whole body is hot~]


Li Chen was speechless.

Hobby is a big health care, what kind of serious thing can it be?

It is also fortunate that I have recently practiced the first layer of the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

The physical strength of both arms increased by several percent out of thin air.

Otherwise, it's really a bit laborious to set it up.


[Status 2: When being teased, the rosary will gradually regain its spirituality. 】

Look at the voice of Tan Chan's rosary.

It's like watching Mature Diary.

Narcissistic solace.

Lichen wiped his sweat.


Take out the 'Buddha Hand Bear Bile Pill' given to me by the Lonely Zen Master.

Opening the small porcelain bottle, a sweet medicinal fragrance came out.

Refreshing.

Pour out a grain from Lichen.

About finger size.

The whole body is black and shiny.

[I am Bergamot Bear Bile Pill. 】

It seems that this elixir does not have psychic potential.

It just repeats its own name.

Put it in your mouth and melt in your mouth.

Li Chen took the opportunity to pose for the first layer of the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

I just feel hot in my stomach.

The medicinal power melts from the inside out.

A hot current rises and flows through the whole body.

Immediately afterwards, there was a crackling sound on the body.

The bones and muscles of the whole body seem to be nourished infinitely.

Power surged up.

This is an exaggeration compared to simply practicing the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" before.

Li Chen remained unmoved.

He still sat in Jiangmo half-legged position, with his hands separated left and right.

Don't dare to relax in the slightest.

It just feels like being bound.

Tried to break free but couldn't move.

Unconsciously, he recited the "Prajna Heart Sutra".

The 'Golden Light of Enlightenment' entered the body one after another.

Another wave of power surged up.

Li Chen couldn't bear it anymore.

Can't help looking up to the sky and screaming.

"Aww~"

As soon as the voice came out.

Like a dragon singing, like an elephant whistling.

All kinds of sufferings and sufferings turned into nothingness.

The shackles on his body are also gone.

His body, which was originally slightly thin, is now muscular.

Has a metallic sheen.

As soon as I think about it, I feel the energy in my whole body.

Li Chen was overjoyed.

He thrust out a punch suddenly, and the fist hit the empty space.

"Crack~"

Like a whip, like a split silk.

Like flowing water and rocks, clanging.

Only then did Li Chen realize it later.

I actually practiced the first level of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" in one fell swoop!

He hurriedly summoned the Interpretation Mirror to reflect it on the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

Sure enough, the mental method of the second level came to mind automatically.

[So I heard it. 】

[At one time, the Buddha lived in Rajagha City and Qijabori Mountain, together with twelve thousand great monks. 】

[They are all arhats, all the leaks have been exhausted, there is no more troubles, they are self-interested, and all the knots are exhausted...]

【Everything is connected...】

[Everything has a conclusion... What's the next sentence? 】

Sure enough, it is a new scripture!

Another painful memory.

I hope this scripture is not so long.

Li Chen secretly wrote down the first few sentences of this Buddhist Sutra Solitaire.

It just so happens that tomorrow is the day to say goodbye.

When the time comes, just ask this living scripture.

Nothing to say all night.

Early the next morning.

Li Chen got up from the bed.

Stretched.

There was a crackling sound on his body.

His house is very simple, only a bed, a table.

The monks of Shasheng Temple can apply for personal caves only after they have reached the innate realm.

It will take a long time for Li Chen to receive this treatment.

After getting ready, he didn't forget to hang the Tanchan rosary around his neck.

Um? How does it feel a lot lighter.

It took a while to realize.

The rosary is indeed light.

My own strength has also increased.

As this ebbs and flows, it feels much lighter.

Li Chen stroked the rosary with both hands.

The mirror of Xieyu fell on the rosary in a flash.

[Description: The magic of love turns around~]

[Description: Missing you, thinking of elation, night and day~]

oh~

This rosary likes to be dished so much.

Li Chen smiled.

Both hands began to pinch the rosary.

Now he is much stronger, and he is equipped with this string of big rosary beads.

Looking at it from a distance, it really has the look of an arhat.

Morning classes at the Empty Nest Zen Academy.

"Brother, well~"

The outrageous little monk clasped his hands together in response, while staring at Lichen with his eyes.

"Junior Brother...have you grown taller..."

Li Chen was taken aback.

Looking at the outrageous little monk who just reached his waist.

Only then did I realize that I seemed to have grown a little higher overnight.

"Brother's observation is really meticulous..."

"Maybe the food in the temple is better."

The outrageous little monk nodded enviously.

[Senior brother's growth period has arrived, as a senior brother, he is really Alexander. 】

Li Chen took the opportunity to return the Huaxue Pill that had just been exchanged to its original owner.

Just when the two were exchanging greetings.

Li Sao, who had recovered from his injuries, suddenly arrived.

He first said hello to Ji Ji, but still ignored Li Chen.

Go straight to the futon in the corner and sit down.

The outrageous little monk nodded first, then looked at Lichen.

【Junior Brother Li Chen, you still need to work hard as a senior brother】

Don't panic from the dust.

Now he should be able to start training.

But today, Li Sao seems to be a little evasive.

It seems to be hiding something.

Li Chen was curious, so he took a photo in the Xie Yu mirror.

A line of writing appeared on the mirror.

【The guys from the Four Noble Truths Temple are really ruthless. 】

【If that weak chicken from Lichen sees it, he will definitely succeed in his career. 】

hey-hey.

Lao Tzu saw it clearly.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		