

Killing Temple, Jizen Palace.

"This is……?!"

The obscure Zen master looked at the gourd lying in Li Chen's hand with disbelief.

This gourd is only the size of a palm, with a red body, and a layer of lotus veins seem to be born on the surface.

"Red lotus gourd!"

Indifferent to the obscure Zen master, he couldn't help being excited at this moment.

This pattern, this texture, is exactly as Mr. Xu Kong said.

Li Chen clasped his palms together: "Amitabha, you have fulfilled your mission."

The obscure Zen master stood up tremblingly: "Buddha bless, Buddha bless."

"Red lotus weeps dew, kills life and drinks sky."

"This is the comment left by Young Master Xukong to the Shasheng Temple."

"When the red lotus blooms, it is the period when the Shasheng Temple complies with the will of God."

"Red Lotus should refer to the Shashenglian in my Shasheng Temple."

Li Chen was slightly taken aback, he didn't expect such a secret, so he asked: "Could it be that there is something unusual about this killing lotus?"

Zen Master Huifu breathed a sigh of relief, and there was a bit of nostalgia in his words: "This killing lotus originally came from the Samsara Temple, it is not a mortal species.

Later, Patriarch Bukong planted it with his own hands, using blood as a medium, and it took root and sprouted. "

"But it has never bloomed for thousands of years. Do you know why?"

Li Chen lowered his head, and replied: "I also ask Master Uncle to clear up his doubts."

"The lotus seeds of this killing lotus originally came from the Jingxin lotus in the Reincarnation Temple. This lotus does not contain karma, it emerges from the mud without being stained, and it washes clean ripples without being demonic."

"And the killing blood pool is formed by gathering the blood of ten thousand beasts, and the karma in it is overwhelming, which is contrary to the nature of this lotus flower."

"So it is necessary to take a materialization to remove the karma in the blood pool before the lotus can bloom."

Li Chen nodded slightly: So that's the case, Master Uncle wanted to use the Red Lotus Karma Fire to consume his karma.

"It's not too late, let's go to the blood pool with the old monk."

"I would like to follow the arrangement of Master Uncle."

The two left the Jichan Palace and turned into the Colorless Mountain.

Colorless Mountain is perennially foggy, relatively hidden, and the forbidden blood pool is just behind the mountain.

When Li Chen first got the ascetic core boat, he once saw the blood collected by the Blood River Valley flow into the back mountain through a long channel, extending to an unspeakable place.

That's the blood pool forbidden area.

The obscure Zen master fiddled with the small flags in his hand, and inserted them at each exit. The surrounding white mist dissipated like a tide, revealing a winding path.

The two walked back for seven or eight miles, and Li Chen was finally stunned by the scene in front of him.

This is the pool of blood...? !

Originally, he thought that the blood pond should be the size of a pond, but what happened to the lake in front of him?

Standing on the shore, Li Chen looked around, seeing a vast expanse of blood for ten miles.

On the calm surface of the lake, the red mist is transpiring, and sharp corners are hidden in it.

These should be the killing lotus.

Zen Master Huifu clasped his palms together and proclaimed the Buddha's name: "Amitabha, try it."

Li Chen held up the gourd, and secretly chanted a mantra in his heart, and a red lotus blossomed out of the gourd.

The cherry red petals spread out, charming and charming, standing in the wind rustling, and growing in the wind.

This is the driving method of the red lotus fire, and it can be released with the help of the red lotus gourd.

Fireworks swayed in the air, and fell on the blood lake in the blink of an eye.

A little ripple, layer upon layer of ripples.

Karmic fire meets animal blood, just like flame meets oil, layers of lotus color spread outwards, covering the entire lake in the blink of an eye.

The deep red of the blood was covered with a fresh filter.

The faint mist of blood seemed to boil a lake.

Only the undulating lotus leaves and jade buds seem to be completely unaffected.

"As expected of the pure lotus in front of the Buddha."

The obscure elder let out a sigh of excitement.

Li Chen didn't expect that the Red Lotus Karma Fire could ignite blood, but it didn't seem to have such ability in the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

He used the red lotus karmic fire several times in the blood sea secret realm, but none of them seemed to ignite the sea water, which should be related to the rules of the small world.

Looking at the burning pool of blood, the obscure elder's lips trembled a little. This was his long-cherished wish for many years.

At this moment, I finally saw hope.

As long as these red lotus karmic fires keep burning here, one day, the karma in the blood pool will disappear.

[Red Lotus Yehuo has psychic potential, unlocking elementary intelligence. 】

[Red Lotus Fire:

Personality: Extremely Cold, Recycled

State 1: Once contaminated by flames, it will be fatally cold.

State 2: The flame can absorb karma and produce lotus seeds.

Description: The flowers that bloom on the cliff are beautiful, but you can't afford them. 】

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment before he realized it.

This time is the first time I use a gourd to control the fire of the Red Lotus Karma.

It turns out that the red lotus karma can produce lotus seeds through karma, but I don't know what the lotus seeds will do.

It just so happens that Shasheng Temple is a big karma household, so I don't know how many lotus seeds can be produced by absorbing the karma from the blood lake.

The blooming of the killing lotus is by no means a one-time achievement, Zen master obscure patted Li Chen, motioning him to follow him.

Of course, this blood lake is not the only one in the forbidden area. The two of them soon saw a small building one after the other.

The style of this small building is simple and unsophisticated, and the surface has been a little bit vicissitudes. There is a plaque hanging on it, and three large characters "Zangjing Pavilion" are impressively written on the plaque.

Another scripture pavilion?

Perhaps seeing the doubts on Lichen's face, Zen Master Huifu slowly explained: "Everyone knows that our Shasheng Temple has both the inheritance of the ancestor Minghe and the inheritance of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, but few people know about the inheritance of our Shasheng Temple. There are even two Buddhist scripture pavilions."

"The Dharma scriptures of the many Buddhas outside contain the relevant inheritance of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva."

"But this one is a wonderful killing technique, most of which are inherited from the ancestors of Minghe."

It's no wonder that the Shasheng Temple is not tolerated by the two ways of good and evil, but it also has several inheritances.

Whether it is the inheritance of Patriarch Styx or the inheritance of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, it is enough to make people salivate.

The so-called don't be afraid of thieves stealing, but you are afraid of thieves thinking about it. You can't put all your eggs in one basket.

Just like the "ghost fire" in the Sutra Pavilion some time ago, it immediately made all the monks panic.

"Most of the inheritance of Patriarch Styx is here."

The obscure Zen master pointed to the Sutra Pavilion in front of him, and took out a red token from his pocket.

squeak.

The door of the Sutra Pavilion was opened, and a monk was seen head-on.

It turns out that this Sutra Pavilion is also guarded.

I saw that the monk was tall and tall, with thick eyebrows and big eyes, but unfortunately his complexion was a little pale, otherwise it would really make people think that it was King Kong descending from the earth.

When he saw the two people approaching, he still stood there motionless, as if he had fallen asleep.

Li Chen couldn't help wondering, but he bravely took a closer look, only to find that the monk's eyes seemed dull, although he was tall and tall, he was extremely dull.

After some introduction by the obscure Zen master, Li Chen knew about it.

It turns out that the monk in front of him is called Shi Jingang, and he is the guardian monk of the Buddhist scripture pavilion here.

Because they lack a soul at birth, they are born ignorant.

But God is also fair, Shi Jingang's cultivation qualifications are unique, and any martial arts becomes extremely simple in his hands, so his cultivation base is unpredictable.

Only disciples holding the red blood killing talisman can enter here, otherwise they will be attacked by Shi Jingang.

PS: Thank you for the 3,000 rewards at the intersection of book friends, and relying on the wind and thunder, I will go all the way to the sky~~

PS: Thank you book friends for the 700 rewards for Confucian scholars.

PS: Thank you for the 100 rewards from book friends Ancient Navigator, Qingming is especially eternal, and the world is free and unrestrained~~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		