

The ascetic nuclear boat moves forward leisurely.

Compared with before, the speed of the two people is indeed slower.

Li Chen held the bead in his hand, but he was visualizing the 'hunting seal' in his heart.

But Li Chou's face was pale and he was sitting upright, it seemed that something was wrong.

"Brother, what's wrong with you?"

“yue~”

A 'rainbow' slipped from the ascetic nuclear boat, causing fish and shrimps to compete for food in the sea of ​​blood...

This murderous brother didn't know whether he was airsick or seasick.

"Junior brother... I don't know why, I...yue"

bang.

He didn't even care about the crescent shovel in his hand, he just threw it aside, lying on the bow of the boat and vomited wildly.


【Greedy toad rosary has recovered its spirituality. 】

[Successfully unlock personality: Ruyi]

[Ruyi: Each rosary bead that restores spirituality can be changed according to one's heart (the upper limit increases with the increase of spirituality). 】

[Successfully unlocked personality: lock demon. 】

[Locking monsters: Each greedy toad rosary that restores spirituality can imprison a monster as a bead spirit, and the ability of confinement is related to the spirituality of the rosary. 】

Unexpectedly, the second rosary regained his spirituality!

Li Chen was ecstatic, took out a gourd of spirits from the Emerald World and threw it to Li Chou, and escaped into the Rosary World by himself.

Like the world of the first grain, it is a chaotic world that has not yet evolved.

Soon Li Chen found the second mottled stele in the middle.

Still an ascetic monk, with a frowning face, he bowed slowly to the Buddha.

It's just that the demeanor and posture are different from the first piece.

Sitting facing the wall from Lichen, his mind became quiet, and soon a monk's voice came from his ear: "One hundred and eight troubles, I just ask for a prayer."

In an instant, the monk on the stele moved...

["Hundred Eight Troubles Worship" Unlock the second type: Greed·Second type]

Perhaps it was the reason for the comprehension of the second form. After listening to the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" that entered enlightenment from the Buddha's voice on the other side, I woke up from the small black room.

["Hundred Eight Troubles Worship" listen to the Zen sound of the Great Buddha, successfully realize the epiphany, upgrade to intermediate spiritual wisdom, and unlock the personality: Lei Yin. 】

【One hundred and eight troubles bye

Intermediate Wisdom

Moves: Greedy One Style, Greedy Two Styles

Personality: Seeking defeat, Leiyin

State 1: When a move is blocked/dodged/dissolved, the next blow will be strengthened.

State 2: When the hands are clasped together, the power of all the previous moves will be combined into one and exploded.

State 3: After defeating the enemy, there is a chance to condense killing intent.

State 4: Bring out the accompanying thunder light, which is as fast as lightning, and there is the sound of thunder when you join the palms together, to ward off evil spirits and change.

Description 1: The Buddha observed the sufferings of all living beings, and turned all the troubles in the world into one hundred and eight unique skills.

Description 2: One hundred and eight troubles, just ask for one obeisance, hemas to transcend, and the pure land of bliss.

Description 3: I've been a little annoying recently. 】

Killed by thunder, life and death are all destroyed.

The sound of panic and thunder is the nemesis of all living beings.

Don't you see, I have worked hard for a hundred years and lost to the catastrophe for a moment.

Where the thunder flashes, it must be a place where evil is eliminated.

When he was reminiscing, he only heard a 'beat' and opened his eyes, where is he?

Seeing the ripples in the sea of ​​blood, Li Chen secretly yelled, 'Damn it'.

Without caring about anything else, he plunged into the bottom of the water.

In his Xutuopanna body, the four elements are all empty, and his whole body is free from dust.

Therefore, the five senses and five senses are far beyond ordinary people.

When entering the water, you can also see close things, and sure enough there is a huge shadow hovering in front of you.

Li Chen didn't dare to hesitate, he swung a palm suddenly.

This palm move is a change in "Hundred Eight Troubled Prayers", but its strength is that of a dragon and an elephant.

I saw a phantom of a giant dragon flashing with thunder, roaring out, catching up with the shadow.

boom~

Even under water, the strength of this palm has been weakened by several layers, but its power has not diminished in the slightest.

clatter~

Lightning flashed on its body, and the black shadow visibly shook.

Taking advantage of this effort, he saw that the opposite was actually a giant whale.

Li Chou was 'feeding' at the bow of the boat just now, and unexpectedly attracted such a huge monster.

He stretched out half of his body, and without realizing it, he was caught by a wave of the giant whale and sucked into his belly.

┗|｀O′|┛嗷~~

The giant whale turned around and raised its tail high again, causing a huge wave.

As soon as Li Chen's head emerged, he was photographed.

I was furious in my heart, and under the fury, I used the "Hundred Eight Annoyance Prayer" which was even more powerful by three points.

boom.

The giant whale suffers from pain, and knows that he is not an opponent.

It's just that he didn't expect this guy to be so smart that he turned around and swam towards the bottom of the sea.

Li Chen had no choice but to ride on the back of the giant whale and output crazily.

At this moment, the giant whale's dive stopped abruptly.

Rolled on the bottom of the sea and began to float up crazily.

puff~

A fountain erupted from the head.

Li Chen was also stunned, what's going on.

Riding on the back of the whale, he took the opportunity to stick his head out and take a deep breath.

I only heard a rough scolding sound in my ear: "What a lifeless beast!"

I saw a bald-headed arhat in the air outlet on the whale's head. He was naked and full of scars, and he was punching the whale's head with his fists.

The vitality of this product is indeed quite tenacious.

"Brother? Are you still alive?"

Li Chou didn't stop clapping his hands, and said with a smile: "This bastard's knowledge is too shallow, he doesn't have the good fortune to eat the family."

He pretended to be relaxed at this time, but he was very grateful in his heart: he never thought that he would fall into the belly of the fish, and his junior brother would risk his life to save him.

"That's good, are you not dizzy now?"

Li Chou was taken aback for a moment, as if she really didn't faint anymore.

Then he is airsick, alas, poor boy, how can he fly with the sword in the future.

"Brother, show mercy, this giant whale is still useful."

Li Chen patted his body. The back of the giant whale was very broad, and it was safe to sit on. It was a good mount in the sea.

Lichou was overjoyed: "That's right, riding a whale in the blood sea of ​​the family, wouldn't it be much faster than that blood shadow boat?"

Li Chen turned over and got into the small boat, one in the sky and the other in the sea, the two of them rode the wind and waves, their speed was several times faster.

Although they stayed on the shore for an extra day and night, they estimated that they would be able to catch up with the blood shadow ship in a short time.

At this time, the blood shadow ship did encounter some troubles.

On the big ship, there are densely packed blood demons hovering.

They are about half the size of a human, covered in red, with wings on their backs. Although they are humanoid, they are naked and extremely ugly.

He holds all kinds of weapons in his hands, some are like coral, some are fish bones, if he kills one, there will be another one, no matter how hard he kills, he can't finish it.

From time to time, some disciples on the deck were dragged into the air by them and torn in half.

When the blood rains down, they will also burst into a magical laughter of 'giegiegie'.

Can't help but make people shudder.

At this time, they had only been out at sea for a day, and dozens of disciples had already died.

"These blood demons are so weird, they can't be killed no matter how hard they are!"

Li Sao waved his big fist and punched a little monster.

During this period of time, he practiced diligently, and because of the many resources compensated by the Sanbao Temple, his cultivation base improved by leaps and bounds.

At this time, the power of the combination of "Hua Xue Jing" and "Blood Clothes Jing" was gradually revealed.

"If my senior brother is here, these blood monsters will be scumbags with a record of "Hundred and Eighth Troubled Worship"."

After finishing speaking, I didn't forget to sweep the Lichang on the side.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		