

As soon as the shield of the Four Noble Truths was broken, the Asura clan on the opposite side rushed to climb onto the blood shadow boat as if they had been injected with chicken blood.

Compared with the original man and woman, they are obviously a bit different.

But swarming up did indeed pose a great threat to the killing formation.

The magic of Shuangcheng Temple blew away the fog, and I saw shark fins wandering around the blood shadow ship on the sea.

It turned out that these Asuras came riding sharks, no wonder they were silent.

Bang!

At this time, there was a loud noise, and the blood shadow ship shook violently.

Leaving a closer look, it turned out to be the huge meteor hammer just now.

This time its target was the hull of the big ship.

The culprit is a burly man riding a whale in the distance.

He was extremely tall, muscular, and ugly.

The huge meteor hammer was in his hand, it looked like a yo-yo.

Seeing the meteor hammer come again.

Immediately after parting, his complexion changed, and he shouted, "Sing with one heart!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the disciples in the middle circle of the killing array suddenly started chanting mantras at the same time.

"Ami, Ami... Coax!"

Dozens of voices were in unison, and they merged into one at the bow of the ship, attacking the burly man with the meteor hammer.

The meteor hammer swung out, just in time to be hit by the sound wave.

bang.

The meteor hammer fluctuated up and down after being disturbed, and its castration was greatly reduced.

Seeing that the timing was just right, Li Sao jumped up from the bow of the boat.

Using the "Blood Clothes Hug Furnace" trick in the "Blood Clothes Sutra", he hugged the meteor hammer in his arms when it was exhausted.

Then he used all his blood and true energy, and yanked it violently.

Well, why no response?

According to his assumption, the other side should fall into the water no matter what...

Just when he was wondering, suddenly the chains of the meteor hammer burst.

rise!

"Ah~"

"I *yeah!"

Li Sao turned into a small black spot on the horizon, and the voice gradually became ethereal from near to far.

Only the corners of the mouths of Li Bing and others twitched: Junior Brother Sao, where did you get the confidence to dare to wrestle with others...

"Is this coquette a little reckless?"

"Not only reckless, but also iron-headed."

"This time, I'm afraid even if Junior Brother Lichen comes, he won't be able to save him."

"Can we not mention Lichen? He made me go out and have to stay in confinement."


At this moment, the two sides are at a critical moment, and it is naturally impossible for them to abandon other disciples and run to rescue Lisao.

I can only wish him the best of luck.


"Change."

Crashing, the formation began to separate from the center, and the disciples of Sanbao Temple came to the front.

Li Geng gave an order, and all the disciples fought with the oncoming Asura clan.

If we talk about fighting alone, the two sides are evenly matched.

But when it comes to the pre-battle competition, the Asura clan is a mess after all.

However, they took up the word fierce, and they would not hesitate to fight.

Li Gengkan's eyelids twitched: Why are they all like that lunatic in our Sanbao Temple?

A lunatic is hard to deal with, and this group of lunatics is really a headache.

The two sides hurt each other, but in comparison, Shasheng Temple had the upper hand.

But the Asura clan became more and more courageous as they fought, as if they had infinite energy.

"something wrong!"

Parting frowned, only felt something strange, but couldn't figure out the secret.

There are many records about the secret realm of the blood sea in Shasheng Temple.

Starting from the third generation, it will be opened every hundred years.

In the fourth generation, someone discovered the Blood Gourd Island in the center of the sea, but at that time, due to insufficient supplies, they did not go there rashly.

In the fifth generation, none of the monks who went to sea survived.

The sixth generation also has no survivors.

Until the seventh generation, four people successfully landed on the island, namely, the abbot of Shasheng Temple, Huizhuo, and the three great monks, Huimu, Huiming, and Huimu.

They were lucky, they didn't encounter the Asura clan at sea.

Even the three great monks were lucky enough to find blood vines and each received a treasure gourd.

The eighth generation, the masters of the silent generation, were more unlucky. Not long after opening the secret realm, the big ship at that time sank due to disrepair...

So about the Asura family, the records are almost blank.

He now suspects that the annihilation of the fifth and sixth generations was due to the Asura clan.

"then!"

At this moment, Li Ge suddenly threw something the size of a fist over.

Parting to take a closer look, good guy, that thing is still beating.

heart?

beating heart?

Leaving the body, it is still beating?

It was only then that I found out that the Asura clan did not forget to compete with Li Ge for business when they were fighting.

They would dig out the heart of their dead companions, and then pull out a red bead from the heart.

Just eat the beads and they will grow stronger.

After only a short while, three or four Asuras grew into burly men.

The heart in the parting hand spit out secretly, and the heart in the hand suddenly burst from the middle, and gradually lost its voice.

He had a lot of thoughts, and immediately shouted: "All disciples obey the order, after killing the monster, you must destroy the heart!"

Soon the disciples of Shuangcheng Temple and Four Noble Temple took up the role of making up the sword.

Without the supplement of fresh beads, the Asura clan began to retreat in momentum.

Seeing this, the leading male Asura suddenly flashed his figure and appeared behind one of them, who had evolved into a burly man.

Suddenly stretched out his claws, pierced through his back, and pulled out a beating heart from his body.

Under the terrified gazes of the monks, that guy turned his head up and swallowed it into his mouth.

┗|｀O′|┛嗷~~

Afterwards, it was as if he had eaten an elixir, a faint red light appeared all over his body, and his cultivation began to increase rapidly visible to the naked eye.

The few people who parted were stunned, and they didn't let their own people go?

After devouring the heart of the same kind, Asura's skill has increased greatly.

As soon as he kicked his feet, he came roaring.

Under his leadership, the surrounding Asuras raised their fighting spirit again and rushed towards the killing formation.

Farewell frowned, killing more than half of the temple's casualties, outnumbered and outnumbered, confronting each other head-on won't gain any advantage.

If you are not careful, it will be the same as the fifth and sixth generations, and the whole army will be wiped out.

When he was burning with anxiety, a huge wave suddenly broke out in the sea.

The waves rolled up the sea and capsized the big ship, and when it calmed down again.

There is already a monk Zhang Er covered with scars on the deck.

He carried a crescent shovel upside down, showing his breasts open and majestic.

"There is actually someone uglier than the Sa family."

Li Geng was taken aback when he heard the words, and when he saw the weapon attire, he asked tentatively, "Junior Brother Lichou?"

"Well, why are you all wilting?"

Li Geng was overjoyed when he heard the words, now it's over, madman to madman.

"Junior brother, I'll talk about gossip later, let's deal with the group of monsters in front of me first."

"Very good, just what I want."

When the crescent shovel shone directly on the head, two Asuras were killed immediately.

The leader of Asura opened his mouth wide open, turned the direction of the javelin in his hand, and stabbed straight at Lichou.

Li Chou was taken aback, one second she was still three zhang away, and the next second she stabbed herself in the chest.

The crescent shovel in his hand is just an ordinary weapon, it is very heavy in itself, it has more than enough strength, but it is not enough to turn around.

Faced with such a swift blow, it was impossible to avoid it for a while...

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		