

Under Li Ge's astonished eyes, Li Chen just grabbed the groove on the stone door and stretched out his hand...

gently.

Ka~

A tiny sound seemed extremely ear-piercing in the extremely quiet cave.

Huh~

A deep wind blew by, and the dull hair on Li Chen's head shook slightly.

The next moment, the eyes suddenly opened up...

The door... just opened.

Li Ge froze in place, his mind buzzing.

[Why did I push it before? Why push? Is it stupid? 】

[I've been pushing it for ten years! Oh shit! Give me back my youth! 】


“cough~”

A light cough interrupted Li Ge's fugue, and Li Chen pointed to the mountain walls on both sides of the stone gate.

"Brother, don't blame yourself, the gods didn't push away..."

[How did this IQ cultivate immortality? 】

[Reckless? 】

Li Ge nodded awkwardly, greeting the guy who designed Shimen a thousand times in his heart.

These broken thoughts were directly screened in the Interpretation Mirror.

"Cough, let's go~"

The two entered it one after the other.

The inside is still a hollowed-out corridor, the walls on both sides are traces of chiseling, and the ground is paved with stone slabs.

Although it has not been inhabited for many years, it is still spotless, and it should be engraved with a formation of dust removal.

Li Ge stretched out his hand, and a flying shuttle appeared in front of him.

The jasper of the flying shuttle seems to flow with precious light, so it should be a psychic thing.

[Referring to the jade shuttle: a magic weapon with a long heritage, it can search and sense rare stones and precious jade. 】

"go!"

Li Ge made a formula, and the flying shuttle rushed out.

Li Chen knew that Li Ge had another inheritance, so he wasn't surprised at all.

The two quickly followed, and the road was unimpeded, and it didn't take long for the terrain to sink in vain.

Finally, the shuttle also slowed down, pointing down and spinning rapidly.

Li Ge's face beamed with joy: "It's here."

After speaking, he walked down first, and the fog in the aisle became more and more severe, and he couldn't see the front clearly after a step.

Li Chen's body was covered with bright stones flying around, and he walked down for a long time, vaguely feeling that the ground was already very deep.

Finally, the two of them eased their feet and stopped the castration. The tunnel could not be regarded as continuing to go down, and immediately felt that the surrounding area was much more empty.

This place seems to be a hall that has been covered in dust for a long time, but the fog in the hall is even worse, and half a foot away, there is a daze.

Suddenly Li Chen stopped in his tracks, and seemed to have doubts in his heart.

The next moment, a fist-sized orb appeared in his hand, shining strangely.

Ding Haizhu flashed?

Why did it flash again?

Is there also a Buddha treasure here?

"found it!"

Finally, Li Ge's surprise came from the front, referring to Yu Shuo spinning in mid-air and pointing to the same direction.

Li Chen searched for it with the Truth Listening Technique, and took a closer look, and saw a five-color stone the size of a fist was inlaid on the ground.

[Nuwa stone: also known as five-color stone, it is said that it is the stone used by Nuwa to mend the sky, but it is actually a natural stone with five elements in balance. 】

"This is……"

"Nvwa stone."

【I finally found it, I want to cry~】

[Now you can finally condense the 'Spiritual Stellar Qi'! 】

[Thanks to Junior Brother! How should I thank him? 】

[Little picture book... I'm a bit reluctant. 】

Your uncle!

Li Chen has the urge to turn around and leave: I suspect you are fishing!

Li Ge wanted to obtain the Nuwa stone in order to condense it into a 'spiritual energy'.

Every kind of stellar energy needs the method of condensing the stellar energy.

The method of condensing the astral is different, and the materials required for condensing are also different.

For example: White Snake Condensation is the method of Condensation evolved from Yingluo Yoga.

Specific materials are needed: cold mountain mist, and it was tempered in the underground cold pool on the night of the full moon for seven to forty-nine days.

This is like building equipment, the method of condensing the gang is the blueprint, one's own innate qi is the main material, and other wonders of heaven and earth are the auxiliary materials.

Only through continuous tempering can one get the stellar energy and condense it into a stellar shape.

Li Ge's 'Lingming Gangqi' needs to be tempered with the 'Nuwa Stone' with the innate zhenqi.

Li Chen did not disturb Li Ge's joy, but began to search with the twinkling Dinghai Pearl.

He found that there were many lines engraved on the floor here, a bit like the formation engravings in the scripture pavilion in the forbidden area of ​​Shasheng Temple.

These lines are vaguely a circle, and if you continue to walk along the outermost line, the fog will become more and more intense.

Dinghaizhu's light flickered faster and faster, which showed that he was very close to the goal.

Finally Dinghaizhu shined brightly, Lichen bowed his body and found a cloud of smoke rising from the ground.

[Misty smoke: Gandharva is the most precious treasure.

The smoke is ethereal and elusive, it can confuse the line of sight, cover up the figure, and is even more mysterious, waiting to be explored. 】

It really is the eight treasures!

Just how did it appear here?

Put Misty Smoke in the bag, so eight treasures, five of which have been collected.

I don't know if it was an illusion, but as soon as the Misty Smoke was collected, the surrounding fog began to recede like a tide.

After a few breaths, the mist cleared, and the hall revealed its original appearance.

It's just that Li Chen's eyes widened, showing horror.

This is an empty hall.

The floor of the main hall is full of densely packed tadpole scripts, and all the tadpole scripts are swarming towards the center of the hall.

In the middle of the main hall, there is a rough yellow stone platform with a height of half a person.

On the stone platform is a remnant lamp slightly bigger than a fist.

At this time, there was no fire in the remnant lamp, but a huge withered and decayed sarcoma was floating above it.

This sarcoma was big enough for five people to hug, with ferocious blood vessels raised on the surface, and then covered with dense symbols, like twisted earthworms.

Seeing this, Li Chen felt a little familiar, but couldn't remember where he saw it.

Vessels and veins protruded from the sarcoma, interspersed with some unknown vines, connecting with the top of the hall.

The top of the hall is flowing blood, as if carrying a raging sea of ​​blood.

Li Chen was a little surprised: the top of the main hall, could it be the blood pond forbidden area of ​​Shasheng Temple...

This sarcoma should be connected to the upper blood pool through blood vessels, but it was burned and sealed by the lights below.

It looks really creepy and weird.

Li Chen swallowed with difficulty, but his eyes met Li Ge's on the other side.

It was obvious that Li Ge was also stunned by the scene in front of him.

He put away the Nuwa stone and walked to Lichen's side, and the two looked in the middle in a tacit understanding.

The rough yellow stone platform was erected at an unknown time, and it was polished by knives and axes, and it was full of handwriting.

At this time, the fog in the hall has faded, and the Hanguang Stone is flying up and down, and the soft light shines on the stone platform, casting a cool and refreshing image.

"In the sixteenth year of the Great Wednesday, there was a blood demon that disrupted the common people, and the whole country was in turmoil.

Zhou Tianzi was furious and ordered Xuanjing Division to clean up Yunei.

However, there are 13,000 "blood god sons" of blood demons, and they can't be killed or destroyed.

So the "Tianji Mirror" and "Yanwu Mirror" led the Xuan Mirror to attack it together.

In the end, the Five Elements Misty Smoke Array was set up to trap him here.

Afterwards, Master Xuandu of the Samsara Temple lit the fire of life of the blood demon with the "Lantern of Death" to make it die.

In this battle, the "Yanwu Mirror" was shattered, and more than half of Baishou died.

Overwhelmed with grief, Yu grabbed the ground with his head and built an altar to comfort the heroic spirits in his robes.

——Hanging mirror sky secret. "

PS: It will be on shelves on Friday, 3.11, and the moonlight is waiting for everyone, let’s take a look~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		