

Three days, a full three days.

The obscure elders on the shore had long been anxious.

Although the original spring water was slow, it was consumed somehow.

But later on, there was no consumption at all.

Indifferently, he couldn't help feeling a little irritated in his heart: Is this kid going to retreat for another year or so?


Li Chen was sitting in the pool, and the water in the pool was still up to his knees.

He has the body of a streamer, and the four elements are empty and free from dirt, so washing the whole body with the water of the underworld is just icing on the cake.

Most of the previous consumption was used to nourish the mind, but now even the mind has reached a bottleneck and can no longer absorb it.

But bath water belongs to bath water. After all, it is also a rare thing, so how can it be wasted.

With an idea, Li Chen collected the bath water into the gourd for a while.

【"Bacchus"

Features: primary fierce, primary weird, primary thick, primary agile, primary solid. 】

In the end, except for "Blood Sea Tide" which could not be melted into wine due to its high grade, "Bacchus" has already tasted all other exercises.

Harvesting five characteristics, although they are only elementary, but the true energy has many changes, and the moves are naturally improved.

Li Chen raised his true energy and just waved his palm lightly.

The dragon shadow is drawn out of the palm, with a magnificent momentum.

Compared with before, at this time, the scales and whiskers of the dragon shadow are fully visible, and the four claws are sharp.

It is also thicker and stronger, and there is still a bit of agility between the eyebrows.

bang~

Bang on the enchantment, making a loud noise.

The obscure Zen master on the shore was taken aback, how long it took, and how the power had increased so much.

"Uncle Master, I've finished washing."

Obscure Zen Master: "..."

I almost thought I was going to celebrate the New Year in a cave.

Li Chen followed the obscure Zen master out of the forbidden area, and stood under the colorless mountain, and did not go directly back to the empty nest monastery.

If you look closely, you will find that there is a hair sticking out of his bald forehead.

Li Chen found out the location of Li Shen with just a little induction, and at this time Li Sorrow was also there.

During these three days, Li Chen was always watching Li Shen's movements.

Fortunately, Li Ge, Li Sao, and Li Chou took turns watching.

Li Shen dared not make any small moves.

When he was on the boat before, he took the initiative to take the blame in order to lure away the pursuers of the Undersea Dragon Palace.

Now that you've come out, it's time to take back what belongs to you.

Killing Temple, Try Blood Rock.

This is the place where the disciples in the temple compete.

The Killing Temple is easy to kill. If we say that there may not be many monks in the Sutra Pavilion, but the Blood Test Rock is guaranteed to be overcrowded with monks every day.

No matter where in the rivers and lakes, only the strong will be respected, especially the evil sect like Shasheng Temple.

Disciples can exchange for 'Blood Blowing Cards' in the Hall of Merit, and use the Blowing Blood Cards to challenge other disciples.

As long as the difference in strength of the same generation does not exceed three small realms, they cannot be rejected for any reason.

Among the two, the victorious side will get a 'Blood Blowing Card', which can be exchanged for success points in the Hall of Merit.

Usually the 'crazy' Lichou stays here, and he can earn a lot of money through the battle.

Regarding stalking, Li Ge, Li Shou and Li Sao have different understandings.

Li Ge followed quietly, like brown candy, it doesn't matter even if it is discovered, just three words 'I pass by'.

This method can be simply summarized as: Do not disturb is my tenderness.

Lisao is a tough boy, he knows that Li Shen has a highly morbid cleanliness habit, and he himself works at the start and stop, so he takes advantage of his position to make himself dirty.

If Li Shen dared to leave his sight, he could make Li Shen regret living in this world.

This routine belongs to: make full use of work resources and seize the opponent's weaknesses.

As for Lishou, compared to the first two, it is much simpler and ruder.

Usually, he likes to compete with others at the Blood Test Rock the most. Since it is stalking, it is nothing more than keeping the other party out of his sight. In this case, why not let Li Shen be his partner.

So he exchanged a stack of 'Blood Blowing Cards' from the Hall of Merit, specifically to challenge Li Shen.

Anyway, Li Shen is only the acquired Dzogchen, only two small realms higher than himself.

According to the door rules, he couldn't refuse.

This belongs to: Make full use of martial arts rules.

Lishen also suffered eight lifetimes of blood mold.

These three guys stared at him in turn, even eating and drinking.

And the means are more hated than the other.

Li Ge's stalking, it's okay to say, the ears are quiet, and Li Shou and Li Sao's methods are about to die.

One is terribly dirty, and the other is terribly tired.

They are all their own weaknesses.


Blood Test Rock is a huge round rock.

The top of the rock is flat, and the bottom is connected to the veins of the earth. Because there are many disciples fighting here, every fierce battle will bleed. Over time, this rock will become blood-colored, so it is called the blood-testing rock.

At this time, there are three inner circles and three outer circles around the rock.

Many monks cheered here, and some even placed bets at the opening.

And there are two figures standing opposite each other on the stone, one is Lishou, and the other is Lishen.

Li Chen walked to the outermost circle, grabbed a monk, and asked pretending not to know: "Dare to ask senior brother, which two senior brothers are on the stage?"

Being pulled by Li Chen, the monk failed to squeeze into the middle as he wished, and suddenly felt a little annoyed, and replied angrily: "Where is it getting in the way, you don't even know 'crazy'?"

Li Chen's eyes quickly took out a blood-transforming pill from his body, and secretly stuffed it into the monk's hand.

Just when the monk was about to lose his temper, he suddenly felt something sticking out of his palm, and immediately smiled: "This junior brother is really smart."

"This 'crazy man' is the nickname of the nine-foot monk on the stage. He is Lichou from the Sanbao Temple. When he started a war, he seemed desperate. Every one here counts as one, and he knocked them all down."

"As for the other one, Li Can, the chief disciple of Shuangcheng Temple, I rarely saw him in the temple before, and his strength is not bad."

"Which of them is better?"

The senior brother let out a soft 'hey': "If you say that your cultivation is advanced, then of course it must be Li Can, the chief disciple of Shuangcheng Temple."

"But in the duel here, attention is paid to on-the-spot changes, and cultivation is only secondary. In comparison, this monk feels that the 'madman' has a better chance of winning."

Before he could finish speaking, another monk next to him suddenly interrupted and said, "I'm dying of laughter, what kind of green onion is the 'lunatic'?

"You fart!"

"Do you eat?"

"I will not eat!"


Li Chen shook his head, the senior brother here was indeed a bit hostile.

Then silently exerted three-point strength, abruptly squeezed from the outermost to the innermost.

One side is Li Shou, at this time his face is covered with a black cloth, only a pair of eyes are exposed, looking at the electric light.

With a crescent shovel in his left hand, he is waiting for the start of the game.

And on the opposite side of him, that man was dressed in white, his face was gloomy, and his spirit was a little listless. Who was it not Li Shen?

The two stood opposite each other, and the battle was imminent.

PS: Thanks to the book friend Breeze Xiangbei for 100 rewards.

PS: Thanks for the 100 rewards from the book friend Xunxie, in the bright mirror of Gaotang, there is your own Xunxie division~~

PS: Thank you book friend 20201127152537792 for the 100 tip.

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		