

【Immeasurable Heart Seal

swastika shape.

Tattoo location: heart

Infinite merit: After saving souls, it can transform the opponent's karma into merit, which has infinite magical effects. 】

Volume 1 of "Vimalakirre Yiji" records: "Those who have meritorious deeds are also called meritorious deeds. Blessings refer to welfare. Kindness can benefit pedestrians, so it is called blessing." Hence the name Gong."

It is recorded in the volume of "Renwang Prajna Sutra": "Those who make meritorious deeds, give meritorious deeds, attribute them to themselves as deeds, and also say that they forget their deeds and leave them deeds, so they say meritorious deeds."

It is recorded in the volume of "Shengman Treasure Cave": "Evil is called merit, and goodness is called virtue; and those who are virtuous also get it, and they get it through meritorious deeds, so it is called merit."

All in all, merit and virtue are the criteria for judging all kinds of living beings by the Dao of Heaven, and they are for all beings in the Three Realms.

After passing away, it is also transformed into various places according to merit.

The real hard currency of the Three Realms.

All living beings in the Three Realms are born with karma, and the immeasurable mind seal can transcend all living beings and transform karma into merit.

It's simply something out of nothing, dark...

In the future, you will be more motivated when you transcend.

[The spirit body 'Shrimp Soldiers' died under the burning of the real fire of the great sun, and the spirit body was completely decomposed into 'spirits'. 】

[You have transcended the spirit body 'Shrimp Soldiers' and gained a ray of merit. 】

Sure enough, even if it is superseding, the ghost is also superseded.

A red light flashed on the Nirvana gourd, the spirit body turned into a 'spirit', and the karma on it condensed into a thread and turned into a golden light.

In the end, they gathered in Li Chen's heart and turned into a little bit of starlight.

Li Chen separated a wisp of thought, and saw the imprint of the immeasurable heart shining brightly, making people feel peaceful after seeing it.

"Mahayana Chapter Ten Merits, Virtues, and the Three Gates of Righteousness": "Gong is a function. It can break life and death, attain Nirvana, and save sentient beings. It is called merit. This merit is the virtue of one's good deeds, so it is called merit."

It can be seen that the magical effect of 'merit' is really infinite.

Xia Bing didn't have much karma during his lifetime, only a wisp of it was transformed by Li Chen.

But I can't stand the large number.

The shrimp soldiers and crabs will be connected into one piece, and they will be sucked into the Nirvana gourd one after another, turning them into merit.

Feeling the merits and virtues added to the body, Li Chen also had a great time playing.


the thirtieth day.

When the disciples of Discipline Hall came to Piaoxue Peak, they were all stunned.

On top of the boulder, a gray-white umbrella was propped up.

Under the canopy, a black-skinned figure is making stones and studying chess records.

Take a closer look, if it's not Lichen, who else could it be?

It's only been a month, how did it turn into black charcoal?

"Junior brother... the confinement time is up."

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, a look of nostalgia flashed across his face.

"It's here so soon?"

"Can I apply for another month?"

The corner of the disciple's mouth twitched, he had never encountered confinement addicts before.

"Junior Brother, I was joking."

[Confinement is still addictive, I have never seen it in eight lifetimes. 】

Li Chen smiled: Gou Dao is popular now, don't you understand?

Following the Discipline Hall disciples out of the valley entrance of Piaoxue Peak, they quickly descended the Colorless Mountain.

For a long time, he has learned a lot. During this month's retreat, he not only learned the 'Infinite Heart Seal', but also has an endless stream of merit.

At the same time, it also allowed him to lay a solid foundation and clear the obstacles for his future practice.

The abyss of meaning is better than the former.

Empty Nest Temple.

Li Sao is practicing a new martial art.

Soft luck and just hair, the technique is changeable.

Sometimes pinch the French seal, and sometimes form a fist shape.

In just a few breaths, dozens of shapes can be imagined.

Dazzling and unpredictable.

It should be a good study.

It wasn't until Li Sao finished fighting once and stood still that he realized that there was one more person beside him.

"Ah~"

"Where did the black charcoal monster come from?"

The corner of Li Chen's mouth twitched, he had no choice but to spend too much time on Piaoxue Peak in order to practice the 'Boundless Heart Seal'.

"Junior brother...good skill."

Li Sao was taken aback, and saw that the monk had a dark face, but was dressed in white robes, with rosary beads hanging around his neck, and his demeanor was quite graceful.

He looked happy: "Brother???"

【What did he go through? ! ! 】

[In the future, I can only be the facade of the Empty Nest Temple. 】

Ever since she picked off the gourd from the equality vine, Li Sao has been carrying it behind her back, but she looks a bit more majestic, more like a diamond.

"Good practice."

"Hey, how's it going?"

"Master's conscience found out, and he cried and begged, insisting on passing on a unique skill to me."

"Well, I also saw how pitiful he was at his age, so I reluctantly agreed."

Li Chen was dumbfounded, I have never seen such a brazen person.

He didn't speak, but pointed to a human-shaped crack on the south wall of the empty nest monastery.

It was when he was suddenly slapped on the wall by the lonely Zen master.

Li Sao smiled mischievously: "The old man must be given a chance to reform himself."

"By the way, brother, on the second day of your confinement, senior brother Li Ge came here, and it seems that something happened."

When Li Chen heard the words, he felt thoughtful.

"Where are the master and brother?"

"Brother has been upset recently and went to retreat in the back mountain. Master is meditating in the meditation hall."

Li Chen nodded and walked quickly towards the meditation hall.

But then there was a retching sound from behind.

'vomit~'

'vomit~'

Li Chen's feet must be fixed, he turned to look at Li Sao, looked up and down, and finally settled on his stomach.

The blood pool black mosquito once said before that the previous generation of the blood wing black mosquito can control the offspring, but it must be a sapient insect after hatching.

Insect eggs like Lisao's physical strength have not yet given birth to intelligence, so they are naturally uncontrollable.

Li Sao felt uncomfortable being watched by Li Chen: "I don't know what's wrong, I occasionally retch recently."

"Junior brother... have you gained weight recently?"

Li Sao laughed, and patted his belly: "It's strange to say, my appetite has really improved a lot recently."

"Probably because I have eaten a lot of wild green plums."

Wild green plum is a blind wild fruit on the colorless mountain, extremely sour.

"Wild green plum? I remember my junior was not good at this before."

"Haha, this one is especially good right now. I don't want to eat rice, but I just want sour ones."

Li Chen was stunned: Sour and spicy girl... She is a handle.

A thick monk is about to give birth...

This 'senior brother' operation... is too 'senior brother'!

(This coquettish operation is too outrageous!)

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but quicken his pace.

You must report this matter to the master immediately.

If this is born, how can I stand in the empty nest monastery?

Before leaving, he still turned his head and said: "Junior Brother, if you have time, you can go to Uncle Lonely and find some tonic... medicine."

Also ignoring Li Sao's daze, he entered the meditation hall in a blink of an eye.

The meditation hall is full of incense, and the candles are flickering.

The Lonely Zen Master tapped the wooden fish lightly, and stopped when he saw Li Chen coming in.

"Disciple, please greet the master."

"You don't need to be polite."

After coming out of the blood sea world, Li Chen was first taken to the forbidden area by the obscure elders, where he released the red lotus karmic fire and soaked in the water of the underworld.

Later, he competed with Li Can and was imprisoned.

Only then did he finally return to the Zen monastery.

Although the lonely monk had heard Li Sao talk about the experience of Xuehai and his party, he knew that Li Sao had a rough nerve, and what he saw and heard must not be careful enough.

Listening to Li Chen's narration at this time, there are indeed many differences.

Especially after hearing that Li Sao was captured by the Asuras and let the blood-winged black mosquitoes lay eggs.

Zen Master Lonely turned pale suddenly, and after a long time he said leisurely, "We must drive him out of the monastery before he is born!"

"I can't afford to lose this man!"

PS: It will be on shelves on Friday, 3.11, and the moonlight is waiting for everyone, let’s take a look~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		