

If the wine can be cellared, as long as the environmental requirements can be guaranteed, can herbs, ores, etc. be put in it?

Cold iron becomes thousand-year-old cold iron, and ginseng becomes century-old ginseng!

Wealth, spouse, law, land.

Don't say that the road to practice is long, and the word money is half of it.

Excited just thinking about it.

However, although Xu Mou Gourd has great supernatural powers, it only lasts half a quarter of an hour in a flash, far from reaching the level of flashing ten thousand years.

Thinking of this, Li Chen took a picture with the Interpretation Mirror.

[Upgrade condition: meteorite stone. 】

Why should the autumn wind be in love with the bright moon, embrace the galaxy and fall into a dream.

After the Xieyu mirror is embellished with equal vines, it is indeed more convenient, and you can see the upgrade conditions of the gourd with just one photo.

Li Chen directly turned the gourd into the size of a jug and hung it on his waist.

Anyway, it is an innate treasure, it has long been integrated with my own spiritual sense, so I am not afraid of losing it, every time I walk, the gourd will shake once.

When the time comes, take a sip of fine wine and you will know how many steps you have walked.

While walking and drinking, I also met a few gourd tires who could reach the immortal level, but unfortunately their abilities were not suitable for me.

The blood vines almost covered the entire back mountain wall, following Daimao's prompt, Li Chen climbed up the mountain.

On the edge of a cliff, I met Li Sao.

He sat on the cliff and thought hard, with a gourd the size of a bucket in front of him and a cliff behind him.

"Junior brother, pay attention to safety, be careful of one dead body and two lives..."

Seeing Li Chen climbing up from bottom to top, Li Sao knew that he was looking for the gourd, and immediately put on a cheap smile: "Hey, brother, why haven't you found the gourd yet? It's too slow~"

Seeing his villainous appearance, Li Chen chuckled.

"It's quick to find, what's the use? I can't take it off..."

"Cough cough."

Li Sao immediately put on a crying face again: "Brother, help me..."

A moment of frowning, a moment of complacency, and a moment of pitifulness, Tiewa, you have changed.

Li Chen let out a long sigh: Well, for the sake of the child, let's do it.

The gourd that summoned Lisao was much larger than ordinary gourds, and there was a layer of spiritual light shining on the surface, making it look very strong.

[Dobby Gourd: Spiritual Item

I have always grasped the sun and the moon with a thousand hands, but I should shake the universe with a hundred arms.

Gourds can be held behind their backs to produce the same number of arms.

Picking conditions: the hand that is not the hand, the arm that is not the arm. 】

Seeing this, Li Chen smiled, so this kid should be lucky.

'A hand that is not a hand, an arm that is not an arm' doesn't it allude to the supernatural power of "Thousand Hands" that the two of them learned before?

It's just that Li Chen learned the shape of anger, while Li Sao learned the shape of blood.

"Have you tried all the methods?" Li Chen asked tentatively.

Li Sao was disheartened: "I've tried it, I've tried all my strengths, but I just can't take it off."

After finishing speaking, he complained angrily: "Huh, it's up to the master to pass on all the good things to you and the senior brother. How can I get anything from here?"

Indeed, apart from the set of "Hua Xue Zhen Jing" and "Blood Clothes Sutra" passed down to Li Sao by Zen Master Lonely, he only has some basic boxing techniques.

Poor kid, it's all because he wasn't polite at first, how important is the first impression.

"Master, that's for you to lay a solid foundation and hone your will."

"The foundation of a fart, isn't it impossible to take it off now?"

"Lonely old bald donkey, very eccentric, hmph."

"Junior brother, be careful, if the master knows what you say here, then you will be cold."


Jealousy makes people blind, Li Chen knew that this guy was upset, so he stopped teasing him: "Are you sure you have used all the means?"

Li Sao sighed: "Senior brother, you know that, junior brother, I want exercises but no skills, and magic tools but no magic tools. I have tried everything, but nothing works~"

"You think again?"

Li Chen patted his arm.

"Huh?" Li Sao's eyes lit up, "Oh!"

The blood form of "Thousand Hands" consumes a lot of money, and it is a bottom-of-the-box secret technique, so I dare not use it unless it is absolutely necessary.

That's why he forgot about it before Li Sao.

"My pig's head!"

Li Sao slapped his bald head violently, without hesitation, he immediately picked up the "Sutra of Transforming Blood", and the true energy circulated throughout his body.

Immediately afterwards, Qi and blood surged all over the body, and the skin seemed to be stained with a layer of blood, which was a sign of the initial completion of the "Blood Clothes Sutra".

After all, Li Sao is a disciple who passed the blood-melting test to get started. Both his aptitude and understanding are excellent, and he has practiced the two exercises with great vigor.

I saw that the true energy in his chest was swelling, and his body was covered with blood, and the blood and energy intersected, which seemed to have a chain reaction.

With a soft drink, the Qi and blood condensed into balls under the ribs, just like the 'Thousand Hands of Anger' practiced by Li Chen, one left and one right, just under the arms.

Li Sao's face was ferocious, and his brows were furrowed. It was obvious that this process was not easy.

The qi and blood around his body became thicker and thicker, and it looked like he was wrapped in a cloud of blood mist from a distance.

Bass~

The blood mist suddenly shrank, and the next moment, a pair of blood-colored arms broke through the blood clot.

Ah~

Li Sao only felt the blood surging all over her body, and when she looked down, a pair of new arms had appeared under her ribs.

Unlike Li Chen's 'angry form', Li Sao's grown arms are exactly the same as his own.

His complexion was a little pale, and he was panting hard, obviously this process was not easy: "Grandma, this supernatural power consumes too much."

Li Sao made a rough estimate, in this state, he can maintain at most ten breaths.

"Next~"

Li Chen took out a elixir from his body and threw it over. This was the 'Spiritual Blood Pill' he found from King Yaksha. It was said that it was rewarded by the Blood Dragon King.

Shua~

He easily caught it with a palm, and swallowed it without any nonsense, turned around and came to the side of the blood vine, with all four arms raised.

This time, the gourd had a flash of inspiration, and it was easy to pick it off without any effort.

The spirit gourd has already developed spirituality, and as soon as it landed, it automatically flew behind Li Sao, and grew vines to tie him together.

It's just that the gourd is a bit big, and it's like carrying a bucket on the back, which is bigger than the scripture box in the Shasheng Temple.

Li Sao first closed his eyes, and silently recited the how to use the gourd. Suddenly, a blessing came to his heart, and the energy and blood in his body rushed to the gourd behind him.

drink!

The next moment, four red vine arms grew out of the gourd, just like the four on Li Chen's body.

There are eight arms in total!

At first glance, it really looks like a Bodhisattva.

He is still very flamboyant, he has practiced the Arhat boxing technique, and his eight arms strike at the same time, indeed he is magnificent, with an astonishing momentum.

"Brother, how are you? Are you a little jealous?"

He squeezed his eyebrows, not without showing off.

"Hehe, you have quite a lot of arms, so the consumption should not be small..."

"Ahem, Senior Brother, it's getting dark, and you still have time to chat here, so hurry up and find the gourd."

As soon as the words fell, the six arms turned into blood mist...

"Brother...help me~"

The corner of Li Chen's mouth twitched: This guy definitely belongs to a dog.

PS: Thanks to Taoist Guyun, Wang Chao who coded, and two book friends for their rewards~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.


		