

All the monks smiled even more.

Li Chen didn't care and said: "Senior brothers, I'm sorry, I'm not good at this."

As soon as he finished speaking, a look of cruelty flashed in the fat monk's eyes: This kid really came to make me happy.

He raised his fist violently.

This punch was urgent and hateful, without any warning.

It hit Li Chen directly in the chest.

It was the black tiger's heart-throwing move in Arhat's boxing.

The fat monk has poor cultivation qualifications, but he has never given up on body training.

With this trick, he has raped him for many years, and he punched Huanglong straight with one punch.

Quite a bit confident.


On the other hand, Lichen.

Thin fingers twirled the rosary.

Look calm.

It's as if he didn't respond.

Seeing this, the bystanders couldn't help thinking to themselves: A defective product is a defective product.

It is estimated that I will lie in bed for a year and a half.

bang~

There was a loud bang.

All the monks could not help but follow the sound.

I saw a big fist with the mouth of a bowl pressed against Lichen's chest.

There was still a slight smile on his face, and he didn't move an inch.

As if nothing happened.

On the other hand, the fat monk's face was exposed with blue veins and blood vessels.

His punch really landed on Li Chen.

But why does it look like a mud cow has entered the sea.

Not even a shake.

"Senior brother... Could it be that you haven't eaten enough from your vegetarian meal, so you have no energy?"

The fat monk trembled his lips, obviously realizing that the other party was pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger.

Li Chen was still looking like a breeze, but said with a smile:

"Why don't you eat a little more~"

The fat monk only felt the wind blowing from his head.

A slap on his shiny forehead.

I just felt a huge force coming.

My body couldn't restrain myself.

He fell headlong into the toilet that hadn't had time to clean.

He was fat and big, stuffed inside, but couldn't pull it out for a while.

"Is it tasty?"

Li Chen said 'Amitabha Buddha' with a smile.

His Dragon Elephant Prajna Kungfu is the first stage of great achievement.

The power of a dragon and an elephant appeared out of thin air.

This casual slap is no small matter.

Seeing this, the surrounding monks immediately turned pale with fright.

The one with the brightest mind was the thin monk Li Quan, who saw something was wrong, so he turned around and wanted to run.

But Li Chen snorted coldly.

With sharp eyes and quick hands, it was another slap in the same way.

The thin monk followed suit.

Upside down in the toilet.

two two~

two feet.

Throw them into the river together with the person and the bucket.

"Brothers, your stomach is full, but you need to wash it well~"

The two monks were agitated by the river, and suddenly turned upside down.

Especially the fat monk, the toilet was stuck on his body, and it was not until the two of them worked together to rescue him.

Lie down in the river and vomit.

Standing on the shore, Li Chen swept towards the faces of the monks.

I saw that they had no leader, and they were silent like cicadas.

So with a smile on his face, he said sadly:

"After the start and stop, if you dare to let Li Sao touch the toilet, I will let you eat shit and eat fatty liver one by one~"

The monks looked at each other.

I thought it was a little trash.

Unexpectedly, it was a tricky idea.

The most amusing thing is the two monks in the water, one fat and one thin, hugging each other and shivering.

The eyes looking at Lichen are full of fear and unwillingness.

Li Sao stared blankly.

"Li Chen...you, you, when did you become..."

"Um?"

Li Chen gave him a dangerous look.

This look is exactly the same as that of Senior Brother Outrageous.

Li Sao had the deepest understanding, and immediately understood: "Shishishi...brother!"

This is the first time he has called Senior Brother Li Chen.

The corner of Li Chen's mouth curled up: Sure enough, both junior and junior need to be trained.

This~this~this~this~this~this~

A series of rapid bells rang.

Lichen and Lisao are unknown.

On the contrary, the skinny monk in the river said obediently: "This... it's the water!"

Everyone looked in the direction where the bell was ringing.

Buddhist scriptures pavilion? !

The Sutra Pavilion leaked?

It's unbelievable.

The Sutra Pavilion contains the inheritance of Shasheng Temple, and it has always been the most closely guarded place.

There are special warning monks, patrol monks, and sweeping monks.

Even sparks the size of sesame seeds cannot escape their eyes.

It is impossible to make such a big commotion.

Could it be that there is something weird in the Sutra Pavilion?

Li Chen gave Li Sao a look.

Turn around and leave first.

Li Sao understood and hurriedly followed.

Walking out of the start and end, you can see the Sutra Pavilion from a distance.

There is a faint green light.

It doesn't look like an ordinary flame.

It's really weird.

The two quickened their pace.

When I came to the Sutra Pavilion.

In front of the Sutra Pavilion, there are already mourners.

Strange to say.

The green flame seemed to have no temperature.

Water can't be extinguished, and soil can't be extinguished.

There is no harm to wood, stone, or even scriptures.

Only the disciples in the Sutra Pavilion passed out one by one.

Li Chen's heart skipped a beat, so he took a picture with the Interpretation Mirror.

It is reflected on the green flame.

Five words appeared on the mirror: [I am Biphosphine. 】

It turned out that this flame was called the Jade Phosphorus Fire.

The light of the mirror flashed, and the "Cause and Effect Changing Career Art" was reflected.

"Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" is a high-level spiritual wisdom, which is familiar with the cause and effect of everything in the world.

Sure enough, it revealed the origin of the Jade Phosphorous Fire.

[There is a natural-born strange beast called 'Liao Worm'.

Snake-shaped fire quality, likes narrow rooms, good at hiding, afraid of sunlight.

Wherever it passes, there is a strange fragrance.

It can spit out green phosphorous fire, and fake it to others.

This fire does not burn foreign objects, but if a person touches it, he will be poisoned.

It can be detoxified with the juice of Lingxiao root. 】

It was amazing.

It turned out that the monks lying all over the ground had been poisoned.

But Ling Xiaomugen had never heard of it.

It is not easy to come by.

On the other side, Zen Master Ji Nian, the deacon of the Sutra Pavilion, is like an ant on a hot pot, running around in a hurry.

Beside him, Zen Master Lonely was checking on his disciple's injuries.

Suddenly Zen Master Lonely frowned, and Lonely Nian hurriedly asked:

"Brother, what's the matter?"

Zen Master Lonely is good at alchemy, and he also has a good understanding of flames.

He shook his head slightly: "These disciples don't have any external injuries on their bodies, and they range from headaches to splitting headaches to unconsciousness.

There was no response no matter how you called, could it be that the soul was injured? "

"Could it be..."

"Junior brother, don't be a fool, just tell me."

Zen Master Ji Nian obviously had no patience.

"In the whole world, there are not many flames that only burn living things and do not touch dead things."

Zen Master Ji Nian turned pale with shock and said, "You mean... ghost ghost fire?!"

As soon as the name came out.

The entire Shasheng Temple seemed to have paused for a few seconds.

"In the past, I have seen the method of ghost sect. After being contaminated with ghost fire, the soul must be injured and lose consciousness immediately.

Exactly the same as these disciples. "

Unlike the low-key Shasheng Temple.

The Ghost Cult arose three hundred years ago.

Quickly emerge and annex other sects.

Now it is the largest religion in southern Xinjiang, and it is gaining momentum.

"Too much deceit!"

"It's just too deceiving!"

Zen Master Ji Nian had an angry look on his face, he wished he could kill the ghost sect and tear them down.

Lonely but said again: "The ghost fire is extremely difficult to entangle, I am afraid that only Master Huiming can subdue it in the entire Shasheng Temple."

"It's not too late, please hurry up."

Upon hearing the words, Zen Master Ji Nian immediately turned around and left without hesitation.

Only outside the crowd, Li Chen was full of doubts: what is ghost ghost fire?

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		