

Return to the Hall of Merit.

Li Chen already possessed forty-five points of merit.

Come to the west of the Hall of Merit—Jade Bi of Merit.

It records the items that can be exchanged for merit.

In addition to spirit stones, pills, magic weapons, etc.

There are also various mysteries.

It makes people look hot.

Lichen is no exception.

The most expensive skill on the merit jade is the "killing seal method".

It needs millions of merits to exchange.

"The Seal of Killing" is one of the six paths of Bodhidharma.

Legend has it that it is the technique used by Monk Bukong to dominate the world.

Can cultivate the true killing energy, nothing can stop it, and there is no way to avoid it.

It is the foundation of the temple of Shasheng Temple.

But a million merits...

Unless you make great contributions, it will be difficult to collect them all in your life.

Ranked second is "The Dafa of Blood Demon Disintegration".

It is a life-saving method that consumes essence and blood and instantly doubles one's skill.

One hundred thousand merits are needed.

Li Chen didn't catch a cold at all.

The evil school's exercises have a lot of side effects.

It's half dead even if it survives.

There is no sense of experience at all.

Juxtaposed with it are "Yuantu Swordsmanship", "Abi Swordsmanship", and "Ksitigarbha Ten Wheels".

Down there are magic weapons, formations, equipment and the like.

Even Li Singer's Blood Knife, which can resist the bear beast, needs five hundred merits.

Lichen is most interested in space equipment.

Like a storage bag, a Sumeru ring and so on.

But it's all expensive.

The cheapest one is the sutra case that is worn on the body.

Five thousand merits are also required.

For Li Chen now, forty or so merits are really a drop in the bucket.

Swelled, swelled.

Li Ge ate one before, and had to make up for it and return it to the outrageous little monk.

Can't live up to his kindness.

Only forty o'clock left.

Li Chen was also helpless.

Turn around and start browsing the task Jinlian.

Nine out of ten of these tasks are completed in the Killing Forest.

The experience of narrow escape this time made Lichen daunted.

His strength is still too weak.

It is indeed too risky to accept the task now.

Suddenly remembering the badge given to him by the Lonely Zen Master, he turned and left the Hall of Merit.

Go to the Sutra Pavilion.

Every temple must have a Buddhist scripture pavilion.

The Sutra Pavilion of Shasheng Temple is one of the best.

No wonder.

After all, the killing temple was once glorious.

The Sutra Pavilion is in the middle of the five Buddhist temples of the Independent Shasheng Temple.

It is a six-story iron tower, magnificent.

There were two gatekeepers standing at the door.

Li Chen showed the black token and entered easily.

The Tibetan Sutra Pavilion is filled with Buddhist incense that makes people feel peaceful.

It seemed very quiet.

In the entrance hall, there is a special secretary monk record.

During the period, there are monks who are dust-proof, moth-proof and fire-proof to patrol.

On the first floor are various Buddhist classics, which can be borrowed by monks.

But it is obvious that the monks of Shasheng Temple prefer to kill people compared to scriptures.

So there are not many monks reading books on the first floor.

The second floor and above are all inherited secret books, and each floor is guarded by elders.

Access is only possible with a special token.

Indeed, as Master Lonely said, you can't eat too much.

Li Chen was not very interested in the classics above the second floor.

At present, these three exercises are enough to comprehend for a period of time.

On the first floor, there are rows of bookshelves.

The bookshelves were filled with books, which at first glance seemed to number in the thousands.

Books are divided into three parts according to "Classics, Laws, and Treatises".

The scriptures are so vast that they seem to be able to drown people.

Lichen didn't come here to learn Zen principles.

The daily science popularization of "Cause and Effect Changing Jobs" is enough.

After finishing the eight planets in the solar system last time.

It is still in enlightenment.

I don't know when I will wake up.

Strength is the foundation of a small career change.

The greater the power, the more attacks you can deflect.

Therefore, Li Chen's top priority should be to practice the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" with all his strength.

As long as the strength is strong enough, the power of the small transfer will naturally increase.

Zen Master Lonely said that the speed of cultivation in the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is extremely slow.

Even if the first layer is simple, it will take a year or two.

Therefore, the key to practicing the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" lies in the Sutra Solitaire.

A flash in the interpretation mirror.

【That's why there is no color in the sky, that's why there's no color in the sky, that's why there's no color in the sky...】

Still down.

The "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has not been connected yet.

Li Chen looked at the scriptures piled up in front of him.

I sighed in my heart.

I want to find the answer from the Sutra Pavilion.

There seems to be no good way.

Tall buildings rise from the ground.

Li Chen could only read the books one by one.

The only clue to look for is the first few sentences of the Buddhist scriptures Solitaire.

'Form is emptiness, and emptiness is form'.

It sounds familiar.

Presumably this scripture should have been widely circulated in previous lives.

So Li Chen specifically looked for those familiar people.

Those with slightly longer names are all given up.

First pick up a "Diamond Sutra" and read it.

The full name of "Diamond Sutra" is "Diamond Prajna Paramita Sutra".

Describes the emptiness and compassion of Mahayana Buddhism.

Since the sutra aims to discuss the realm of enlightenment, that is, the supreme enlightenment, which is also an "unspeakable realm" in Buddhism, the structure of the text is obscure and complicated.

'So I heard that at one time, the Buddha was in the garden of the lonely tree in the country of Sravasti, together with a group of two hundred and fifty monks. '


"Lotus Sutra", "Agama Sutra"


Li Chen read all afternoon.

The head became bigger and bigger, and I didn't find the answer.

However, reading these books has a profound impact on Zen philosophy.

In a disguised form, I became more familiar with "Cause and Effect Change Job".

Put the book back in its place.

It was getting late.

He was just about to leave when he suddenly saw a young monk not far away looking at him.

Li Chen was taken aback.

There are only a few people on the first floor of the entire Sutra Library.

This senior brother is sneaky, maybe he has some plans for me?

Thinking this way in my heart, I have already called out the understanding mirror.

The mirror flashed, and the handsome face of the young monk was reflected in the mirror.

[This junior has been reading the scriptures in the scripture pavilion all afternoon. 】

[This is not normal! It is impossible for the monks of Shasheng Temple to read books so seriously. 】

[Could it be that he is a comrade sent by the organization to support me? 】

Lichen: I am damn, I seem to have discovered something extraordinary...

I was thinking so.

The young monk pretended to tidy up the books, and walked in this direction on tiptoe.

Li Chen was dumbfounded.

What do you mean? Is it a sin to be handsome?

In a blink of an eye, the young monk came to Li Chen's side.

Under Li Chen's shocked gaze, he suddenly recited a Zen poem:

"Light and stillness shine on the river sand."

too suddenly.

Awkward.

If I guessed correctly, this is the undercover connection code.

You should make the transition anyway.

Is it really okay to be so blatant?

Of course Li Chen didn't know what the next sentence would be.

But he has a speech interpreter.

[All Saints and Spirits belong to my family. 】

[All Saints and Spirits belong to my family. 】


[All Saints and Spirits belong to my family. 】

Good guy, this parting brother's broken thoughts are about to break through the second dimension.

Li Chen wondered what his purpose of being an undercover agent was. Could there be any secrets hidden in Shasheng Temple?

So he responded in a low voice: "Fan Sheng Han Ling shares my family."

Before the words fell, Fang Fang had already grasped Li Chen's hand, extremely excited.

"Brother!"

"You are here to take me out."

Li Chen was startled.

Well, this time it's a spy script.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		