

It turns out that the essence of "True Listening Art" is to control the 'wave'.

All form, feeling, thought, action, and consciousness in the world will emit fluctuations.

But "True Listening Art" can receive all fluctuations, so it can know all things in the three realms and six realms.

On Li Chen's bald scalp, there was a single hair on the edge.

At first glance it looks like an antenna.

Why does it look like a single horn growing on the head of the Diting beast, but it becomes a dull hair growing on its own head!

At the same time, the Ten Square Pagoda shrank rapidly, and finally turned into a pure white animal horn.

The animal horn is about the thickness of three fingers and more than half a foot long. When held in the hand, it is as warm and moist as jade. Presumably this is the real body of the animal horn of Diting.

At this moment, Xie Yujing suddenly popped out of his mind.

Three large characters flashed on the mirror: [I need]

Li Chen was stunned for a moment, this was the first time Xie Yujing said something related to him.

Anyway, the secret hidden in the animal horn has been discovered by himself, and the rest can only be used for refining weapons, so he simply promised to understand Yujing directly.

【no problem. 】

The mirror of Xieyu flashed, covering the solo horn in front of him.

The unicorn was suspended in mid-air, and entered the mirror body of the Jieyu mirror.

It suddenly became a handle.

[The Interpretation Mirror establishes a connection with the Truth Listening Corner to obtain the Truth Listening knowledge base, and at the same time, the mirror will display the information received by Daomao. 】

Good guy.

Not only is there an additional knowledge base, but it has also directly changed from a radio to a smartphone.

With the disappearance of the Ten Square Pagoda.

Suddenly a branch appeared in front of Lichen.

This branch was covered with green leaves, and it stretched out of nothing out of thin air.

At first glance, it looks like it is suspended in mid-air.

Taking a photo with the interpreting mirror, the information can indeed be displayed, which is worthy of increasing the knowledge base.

[Sacred Bodhi Tree: In the center of the whirling world opened up by the Buddha, there is a sacred Bodhi tree.

Legend has it that this sacred tree grows so luxuriantly that its branches can spread to all small worlds with a Buddhist atmosphere. 】

Li Chen was taken aback.

In this way, the branch in front of me extends from the Whirling World? ! ! !

In other words, if you follow the vine, will you be able to find the whirling world of the Buddha!

Li Chen hurriedly groped with his hands.

Unfortunately, the roots of the branches are nothing.

No matter how much you explore, you can't get to the root of it.

Sure enough, the supernatural powers of Almighty are not that simple.

But Li Chen didn't give up, he thought for a while, and recorded the frequency of the leaves with Dumbao.

Since these branches extending to various small worlds all come from the body of the Bodhi tree.

Then, their frequency should be the same.

If you let the dull hair receive the signal of the same frequency.

Is it possible to get the coordinates of various Buddhist small worlds?

Thinking of this, Li Chen couldn't help trying.

[Record frequency, name it: Bodhi Sacred Tree. 】

[Start receiving information feedback on this frequency...]

next scene.

I saw sixteen red dots flashing across the whole mirror.

It also shows that the Bodhi tree has traveled through at least sixteen small worlds.

【Detected that the closest frequency distance is 0.】

0？

Li Chen was stunned.

According to the prompt, take out something from the body.

It is the ascetic nuclear boat.

It actually came from the Bodhi tree? !

No wonder the obscure Zen master would say that this nuclear boat can carry him to the other shore.

It itself comes from the Bodhi tree, and of course it can sense the breath of the tree.

Li Chen held the nuclear boat and observed carefully.

Didn't notice any difference in it.

Li Chen thought of a word: Gods are self-deprecating!

Perhaps this nuclear boat is not as simple as it seems.

After researching for a long time, I didn't find anything strange.

He was not polite, and directly broke off the branch sticking out in front of him, and put it in his arms.

Well, now the trip is complete.

Just about to summon the ascetic nuclear boat to leave.

At this time, the greedy toad rosary in his hand trembled.

Li Chen held up the rosary.

Shua~

Liao worm suddenly appeared in front of him.

"My lord, there is a breath of the secret room here."

Chamber of Secrets? !

The liao worm is a strange beast, and it is born to sense the existence of the secret room.

Since it said so, there is no doubt that there is a secret room.

Well, you big-eyed Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva also did this.

Rosary beads streaked across the void, and emerald green flames spread across this holy land.

In an instant, it was everywhere.

The Liaoworm turned into a streak of green light and disappeared in the flames.

Li Chen felt slightly.

It was found that the green phosphorus fire of the burning worm surrounded a ladder, but the burning worm could not enter.

It means that there is no gap in this secret room, or it has been cast with great magic power.

Collect it into the Jade Realm with a rosary.

Li Chen took a closer look, and found that in the hidden place of the stairs, there was a verse engraved on it:

'The third level of hell, the third level of human world, and the third level of pure land. '

And there are many petty prints below.

After reading it carefully, Li Chen realized that this ladder turned out to be a magic weapon, the famous work: "Three Realms Ladder".

Ksitigarbha divided his lineage into nine parts.

Hide under each step separately.

Only when the corresponding conditions are met can the secret biography be revealed.

Li Chen walked to the bottom of the third level of hell.

I saw the writing on the side of the ladder:

'All four are empty'.

There is also a handprint next to it.

This is not a coincidence.

The ability to leave the dust may not be enough, but this one really hit the gunpoint.

Stretch out your right hand to paste the palm print.

Crash.

The bottom ladder unexpectedly opened automatically.

But there was nothing inside but a single golden leaf.

Li Chen picked up the leaves, only to see faint streamers flashing on the leaves.

[Bayeye Secret Sutra: The scriptures of the Great Dao do not leave traces, but can only be preserved in the world if they are carried by sacred objects.

Put the bay leaf in your mouth, and you can understand the magic method.

If the body is not empty of the four elements, it must be poisoned. 】

No wonder the need for 'all four are empty', it turns out that this bay leaf is highly poisonous.

If you don't have a body with all the four elements, if you swallow it rashly, let alone comprehend the secret technique, you may die.

Li Chen didn't hesitate, and directly put Baye in his arms.

As for the Ladder of the Three Realms, it will be placed in the Emerald World.

Li Chen looked around.

The blue sky and white clouds, the Buddha's light shines everywhere.

The blue sea and sand dunes, the sound of Zen is mighty.

There is no longer any nostalgia for such a holy place.

It's just that going here may be a farewell.

Putting your hands together, knocking three times and bowing nine times, summoned the ascetic nuclear boat, and thought in my heart: "Go back!"

Push the boat gently, and the other shore will leave.

in an instant.

The sky darkened and the water turned red.

The voice of the Buddha turns into a roar, and the sand dunes turn into blood hills.

Everything is like a twisted vortex, kneaded into a ball, and then unfolded gently.

Li Chen looked at his body, it must have been destroyed during the four catastrophes.

But now it is intact, not even a speck of dust.

And look forward.

A big ship is riding the wind and waves in the sea of ​​blood, drifting away.

Li Chen shook his head, reconfirming that all this is not an illusion.

He touched his waist, and then pulled out a tender green branch with more than a dozen leaves hanging on it, so delicate and verdant.

A knowing smile appeared on Li Chen's face.

This shore is the other shore, and the other shore is this shore.

The two sides are in the heart, one thought can go, one thought can go.

One go and one go, but between one breath and one breath.

It's just that the various experiences on the road are another encounter.

And Li Chen finally understood.

This world was originally composed of two secret realms.

One is the sea.

One is shore.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		