

Maybe he heard Lichen's prayer.

It didn't take long for the leech to finally suck up the beast's blood and fall to the ground.

Li Chen followed closely.

Wipe the sweat off his brow.

Guys, see if you can.

Just suck some blood from you, and you run ten miles away for me.

'Quack, quack~'

Li Chen frowned.

He glanced at the crow on the branch.

This is not a good sign.

I'm afraid I didn't go too deep.

It's easy to die like this.

Li Chen first put the blood leeches on the ground into the cloth bag.

Then carefully find the way out.

I chased too closely just now.

There is no time to mark at all.

So you can only rely on memory and traces to find it.

Killing forest, every mile changes.

Relying on his acquired realm, if he is not careful, he will be cold.

It's a pity that his "Causes and Effects of Changing Jobs" is just an introduction.

If you practice to a high level.

Understand a little bit of the fur of the avenue of cause and effect.

The cause and effect between everything can be seen.

Then why did he worry about not being able to find his way out?

Li Chen followed the traces for most of the day.

It was getting darker and darker.

I know that if I can't get out, I'm afraid there will be more disasters than good luck.

At this moment, a beast's roar resounded through the forest.

Then came the sound of trees falling.

Li Chen's eyes lit up, could it be that the brothers in the temple are killing monsters?

Now I don't dare to hesitate anymore, since I can't find the way out.

Then simply get in the brother's car.

The roar of the beast has been incessant.

Follow the sound forward.

Only when I got closer did I hear the sound of gold and stone meeting.

Through layers of forest leaves, Li Chen looked forward.

A giant brown bear is roaring.

Its body is unusually tall, not much less than the statues of Buddha in the temple.

A pair of bear paws were thick, and the fingertips were still shining coldly.

Every time it is swung, trees suffer.

That momentum, not to mention the acquired third level, even the acquired fifth level, is not necessarily an opponent.

But it's not easy right now.

At the waist and abdomen, the skin and flesh are split open, exposing the white ribs.

His left leg dragged on the ground, drawing long bloodstains.

A pair of scarlet eyes stared straight ahead.

Li Chen looked in the direction, and couldn't help being overjoyed: Sure enough, there are senior brothers from the temple.

It's just that the senior brother doesn't seem to be having a good time.

He was pale and out of breath.

His left arm was drooping, and his upper body had been dyed red.

In his right hand, he tightly held a Jiedao and struggled to support it.

【If there is another pill of blood transformation, how can it make you so rampant. 】

Use the interpretation mirror to show the handwriting.

Good guy.

The car seems unstable.

But Li Chen still gritted his teeth and leaned forward.

Dire Bear is kind of like a flashback.

The attacks came one after another, with no sign of stopping.

But if it slaps the porcelain, that brother will probably see the Buddha.

Fortunately, although the monk was seriously injured, the knife in his right hand danced imperceptibly.

For a while, one bear and one person were evenly matched.

Li Chen crouched behind the treetops, staring at the wound on the giant bear.

Thoughtful.

After a few breaths, taking advantage of the gap between the giant bear's changes.

He gritted his teeth and took out the only remaining leech, and threw it towards the bear's back.

After throwing it, he rolled over and came to another tree.

Sure enough, the giant bear sensed an abnormality and flew over with one paw.

The tree that once lived turned to dust.

The leech hung on the bear's back, just out of reach of the bear.

A pair of bear paws swept towards the back, but they were always out of reach.

While the giant bear was turning around.

Li Chen quickly ran to the injured monk.

Seeing the visitor, the monk felt relieved.

A mouthful of blood was spit out immediately.

Seeing this, Li Chen quickly took out the Blood Transformation Pill from his bosom, and stuffed it into his mouth: "Senior brother, this is the Blood Transformation Pill, you should adjust your breath first, I can last five or six breaths at most."

The monk took a deep look at Li Chen, didn't talk nonsense, just crossed his legs and started to practice.

In an instant, there was blood on his face.

Half of his injuries were caused by the giant bear, while the other half was caused by his own internal energy.

If it wasn't for Lichen's Blood Transformation Pill, he would have died before the giant bear came to kill him.

On the other side, Lichen snatched the Jiedao from the monk's hand and charged forward.

Jie Dao was a little heavy, and Li Chen secretly used the true energy of Huaxue.

Although it is only the day after tomorrow.

But there was also a layer of bloody red light reflected on the knife surface.

Stepping forward, the body suddenly jumped out.

The giant bear followed.

Swish!

Another big tree suffered.

And Li Chen took advantage of this moment, and the giant bear couldn't make it in time.

Instead of retreating, advance, and cut out with a single knife.

Although he doesn't know how to use swords, he wins because of his true qi and domineering.

A Jie knife is quite powerful in dancing.

Keng~

In the middle of the giant bear's paw.

With a 'chuckle', Jie Dao bounced back.

Li Chen was startled and almost killed himself.

Immediately did not dare to act rashly.

Turned into fighting with a knife.

The giant bear has an injury to his left leg, making it difficult to move.

Li Chen was like a wild horse, slashing with a knife from time to time.

After each split, run away immediately.

Aww~

The giant bear couldn't hit the opponent, and suddenly became angry from embarrassment.

It simply gave up the injured monk on the other side.

Attack Li Chen with all his strength.

Seeing this, Li Chen scolded his mother in his heart: It's over, it's over, now I'm going to become a bear.

At this moment, the giant bear struck again.

Li Chen dodged in the opposite direction, and a black shadow flashed in front of his eyes.

My heart suddenly turned cold.

This giant bear discovered Lichen's characteristics, and learned to be smart.

Both palms came out at the same time, each accounting for 50% of the strength.

Hug the tree with both paws.

Li Chen knew in his heart that he couldn't dodge the second palm.

Helpless, I can only bite the bullet and accept it.

So he swung the knife in his hand.

The "Cause and Effect Changing Career Tactic" was used.

I just feel a huge force coming.

Li Chen turned sharply.

I just feel a shock in my foot...

Um?

Li Chen looked at the paws on Jie Dao.

Strong and powerful, with a sharp edge.

It was a circle bigger than his own face.

Li Chen only felt that he was fine.

Could it be that the catch of the wind and thunder just now turned out to be thunderous and rainy.

He moved his feet and couldn't help being stunned.

The place where he had just stood was already in pieces.

"Karma Changing Jobs" transferred all the power of the giant bear to his feet!

This method is really miraculous.

Regardless of emotion, Li Chen reacted quickly.

This time Jie Dao didn't dare to fight it recklessly.

Instead, when the body was short, the true energy of the feet was released, and it directly crashed into the arms of the giant bear.

The knife glowing red went straight into the wound on the waist and abdomen of the giant bear.

Aww~

The giant bear roared in pain.

He raised his arms high, and then slammed them down.

The earth shakes and the mountains shake, and the wild forests are in turmoil.

How dare Li Chen stay longer.

He didn't care about Jie Dao still stuck in the giant bear's muscle.

With one empty hand, he moved backwards.

But obviously the giant bear has been completely irritated.

A slap followed.

Fast and fast.

Li Chen looked terrified.

It's a pre-Snickers bar and a post-Snickers bar.

Seeing that he couldn't dodge in time, Li Chen hurriedly circulated the blood and zhenqi all over his body.

snap~

This time the power is far greater than before.

Even with the "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue" close by, Li Chen couldn't stand it at all.

Backing away uncontrollably.

Every step fell, the ground was shattered into powder.

When he regained his footing, he couldn't help spitting out a mouthful of blood.

Internal organs have been concussed.

Looking back, before I knew it, I had already taken seven or eight steps back.

I just sigh in my heart: my life is over.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		