

The tangy aroma.

Let Li Chen's spirit shake.

It really is here.

There is actually a secret room hidden in the Sutra Pavilion!

It took a lot of effort.

Lichen moved the bed away little by little.

Finally, a dark hole was revealed.

Just enough for one person to pass through.

The four light-containing stones around Lichen's waist emitted faint white light.

I can only see more than three feet around.

It's okay to move.

The secret room is not big, only two feet square.

There is a simple small table in the middle.

A stone with black flames was suspended above it.

The surface of the stone is pitted, about the size of a fist.

In the black flames lay a big caterpillar the thickness of a finger.

The whole body of the bug was crystal clear, like emerald.

Although eyes are open at this time.

But it seems that the soul has been sucked away.

Seeing strangers, they are actually indifferent.

Seeing this, Li Chen quickly took a picture with the Interpretation Mirror.

【Liaoworm

Strange beasts.

Like narrow rooms, good at hiding, afraid of sunlight.

Wherever it passes, there is a strange fragrance.

It can spit out green phosphorous fire, and fake it to others.

This fire does not burn foreign objects, but if a person touches it, he will be poisoned.

It can be detoxified with the juice of Lingxiao root. 】

It really is a scorching worm!

But isn't this little guy good at hiding?

Why is there no response?

Li Chen circled around the table.

It was found that the body of Liao worm occasionally twitched a few times.

Seems to be suffering.

But can't get out.

Li Chen couldn't help turning his gaze to the black stone under it.

There is something wrong with this rock!

At this moment, the black flame on the stone suddenly exploded.

He rushed towards Li Chen.

Li Chen was startled, and performed a practice of praying to the Buddha.

But still did not escape.

Black flames fell on him.

[You are contaminated by hellfire, suffer endlessly, and hear the murmur of hell. 】

[Passive 'Buddha Light' takes effect, and the abnormal state is lifted. 】

In an instant, the black flame vanished into nothingness.

Li Chen let out a breath of foul air.

Fortunately, he is immune to abnormal conditions.

Cautiously summoned the Interpretation Mirror, the mirror flashed.

[Abi Hell Rock:

There are eighteen hells in the world.

The lowest level, which is also the most painful level, is called Avici Hell.

Also called endless hell.

In the hell, there is a rock that can emit black flames, burn people's souls, and cause extreme pain. It is called Abi Hell Rock. 】

It was only when Li Chen saw this that he suddenly realized.

Liao worm must have been roasted by black flames, so it couldn't move.

Li Chen didn't dare to touch the rock rashly.

Instead, I intend to explore first.

There was nothing else in the room except this stone.

It's just that there are a pair of murals on the walls on all sides.

In the mural is a great monk who looks like a walker.

Into a world of black flames burning upside down.

With his supreme supernatural power, he took out a rock and brought it back to the original world.

Then accept the worship of many monks.


In the end, he shattered the void, proved the Tao and became a Buddha.

Li Chen raised the Hanguang stone in his hand, and finally saw the name of these paintings - "Dharma's Enlightenment of Buddha".

At the bottom of the mural.

There is also a line of lettering.

The origin of the stone is described in detail.

Abi Hell Rock comes from the Uninterrupted Hell.

Those who fall into the endless hell will be entangled in black fire, suffer uninterruptedly, have uninterrupted body, uninterrupted time, and uninterrupted form.

Can never be detached.

And after Patriarch Bodhidharma comprehended the Dao of Reincarnation, he brought out a piece from the Infernal Hell with his supreme supernatural powers.

And hide the "Infinite Sealing Method" in the Six Paths of Reincarnation in it.

Once burned by hellfire, it will be controlled by various illusions.

The body is also in great pain.

Just like the current burning worm.

Only predestined people with great perseverance, great determination, and great wisdom can be safe and sound.

Seeing this, Li Chen couldn't help but be overjoyed.

He is immune to ailments.

So don't be afraid of the scorching of hellfire.

Thinking of this, Lichen reached out and touched Abi Hell Rock.

In an instant, black flames spread all over his body.

But Buddha's light flashed.

Black flame optimized for nothingness.

[You touch Abi Hell Rock and hear the whisper of hell. 】

In Li Chen's ears, there were suddenly countless wailing sounds.

It was the scream of the dead from hell being tormented by the black fire.

Li Chen's mind was shaken.

Actually felt a splitting headache.

But he took a deep breath in his chest.

Did not let go.

During this period of time, he practiced the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" and was tortured by thousands of troubles.

Whispering in the face of hell, but not afraid.

Gradually, the chaotic murmurs became smaller and smaller.

Li Chen actually felt the peace he had never had before.

Suddenly a divine voice exploded in his mind like Huang Zhong Dalu.

Li Chen was in a trance.

Can't help being excited.

Soon there was another scripture in his mind.

"Infinite Printing Method".


["Infinite Sealing Method" has the potential of psychic, unlocking the low-level form - the small black room. 】

【Seamless printing method

Low-level form: small black house

Personality: Introspective

Status: As long as everything is locked in a small black room, it will reflect on itself and analyze its own attributes.

Description: If you are disobedient again, you will be locked in a small black room. 】


Li Chen was shocked.

It turns out that Jieyu Mirror can not only channel spiritual wisdom.

It can also channel special forms.

No wonder an eminent monk once said: "The Infinite Sealing Method" is the most profound and most difficult supreme secret method of Bodhidharma's Six Paths.

Hellfire can torment the soul and give birth to endless pain.

And when you touch the hell rock, you can even hear the murmur of hell.

Only after overcoming these two can we hear the lingering sound of the Great Dao left by the Patriarch Bodhidharma.

That is the scriptures of "Infinite Sealing Method".

Huh~

He let out a foul breath.

Before he knew it, his clothes were already soaked through.

The fire on the stone was still burning.

But the worm still couldn't break free.

It's just that the pleading look in his eyes became more serious.

Li Chen couldn't help feeling pity.

Suddenly he thought of something.

Put your hands together.

The greedy toad rosary bead that he rolled out a layer of paste.

Suddenly it broke away from the whole string of beads.

Gradually becomes the size of a fist in mid-air.

The interior of the rosary forms its own space.

It has the function of locking monsters, and it needs strange beasts from heaven and earth to become a pearl spirit.

Thus evolving the Lingzhu space.

Although this scorching worm is small, it is also different from heaven and earth.

Can control the fire, but also find the secret room.

It is really a good choice of Zhuling.

Li Chen pointed at the Liaoworm.

He pointed to the rosary in his hand again.

Tears of longing welled up in Liao worm's eyes.

Li Chen was overjoyed.

Reach out and pinch Abi Hell Rock.

Slightly recited a mantra in his mouth.

It is the mantra for collecting rocks left by Patriarch Bodhidharma.

In an instant, the black flames were absorbed.

Liao worm fell from mid-air.

Just happened to be caught by Li Chen with the greedy toad rosary.

[Greedy toad rosary found Liao worms, successfully locked the demon. 】

[Liaoworm has the conditions to become a pearl spirit, and the spirit pearl space begins to evolve. 】

[Description: Finally waiting for you~]

Then the chaotic space began to be turned upside down.

The originally white mist began to turn into darkness.

Everything is back to the beginning.

Li Chen's consciousness was squeezed out of space.

And the Lingzhu will evolve automatically.

It is equivalent to that the server is formatting the update.

Li Chen breathed a sigh of relief.

He didn't stay long and left the secret room.

Restoring the bed to its original state, he left the Sutra Pavilion.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		