

King Yasha was staggered by Lichen.

The majestic king of the Yasha clan, the corner of his mouth twitched: I will bear it!

[Let’s be presumptuous, let’s be presumptuous, first trick him into telling him where the pearl is buried, and then chew the little thief’s heart again. 】

At this time, he had something to ask for, so of course he could only let Li Chen do it.

Because the two were leaning shoulder to shoulder, hundreds of mosquitoes cloned themselves and quickly sucked up the blood.

In fact, if it was normal, King Yaksha should have felt the abnormality on his body, but at this moment his attention was on the clam pearl, so he didn't notice it at all.

"As much as gravel?"

Li Chen's eyes were hazy with drunkenness, and he shook his head.

Now he still has to buy time to part with them, detoxification will always take a process.

"no no……"

hiccup~

"More than gravel!"

Li Chen pretended to be drunk, but the others didn't have any doubts.

Because red honey wine is indeed easy to get drunk, not to mention that he drank so much.

King Yaksha's eyes lit up, he took a deep breath, and put Li Chen on his seat: "Brother, tell me in detail, where is that place?"

hiccup~

A smirk suddenly appeared on Li Chen's face: "Chacha, do you really want to know?"

Seeing the smile on his face, King Yaksha felt his teeth itch with hatred, but he still wanted to make a flattering expression on his face: "I want to know, I really want to know, tell me quickly."

Unexpectedly, Li Chen suddenly put on a serious face when he heard the words, and pushed him away: "Who are you? Bastard?"

"No no, I'm Yasha King..."

"Fart! Say it again."

"Hey, I'm Chacha..."

Li Chen nodded in satisfaction, stretched out his hand and patted Yacha King's face twice: "That's right, Chacha is not a bastard."

All the yakshas looked at each other in blank dismay: This little monk is gone.

"It's okay to tell you... hiccup~"

A smirk suddenly appeared on Li Chen's face.

"Let that bitch come and accompany me..."

The noisy hall was instantly silent.

sissy?

Look in the direction of Li Chen's finger.

At the head of the main hall, the dominatrix who had been scratching her head and posing had a dazed expression: S girls? I?

The Yakshas looked at the Yaksha King, and then at the dominatrix.

Finally, he fixed his eyes on Lichen's face: MD, he's a man!

King Yaksha originally had a blue face and fangs, but now his complexion is even greener.

The big copper bell-like eyes stared at the squinting little monk in front of him, and the beard on his face kept trembling: 【Even if the Buddha came today, he must also be free. 】

In the upper part, the dominatrix is ​​graceful and graceful, and her eyes are full of affection.

To be honest, it is indeed a bit sloppy, King Yaksha couldn't help secretly praising it.

"My concubine, don't worry, with this king here, he can't take advantage of anything!"

The dominatrix was taken aback for a moment, but she was also relieved: everything was for clam pearls.

"Your Majesty is here, the slave family can rest assured."

She moved lightly with lotus steps, and really walked down from the top.

In the main hall, many slobbering voices could be heard: MD, this monk...is so enviable.

"Come here~"

Li Chen chuckled, feeling drunk, and patted the side.

The dominatrix hesitated a little.

But Yasha King still said the same thing: "Hey, my concubine, don't worry, with this king here, he can't take advantage of it."

The dominatrix thought it was the same, she just sat in another place.

Glancing at Li Chen's handsome face: Besides, it doesn't hurt.

But who knows, just after sitting down, Li Chen came over and smelled it: "It smells so good."

The dominatrix's complexion was reddish, and she glanced at King Yaksha resentfully.

King Yesha's face was greenish-green, and he couldn't bear to look directly at him, he gritted his teeth: "My concubine, trust me, that's all, this king will never let him go any further."

He just finished speaking.

Li Chen suddenly stretched out his hand and hugged the dominatrix into his arms: "Come here, you."

suck~

All the yakshas gasped.

King Yaksha's face hurts.

The dominatrix had beautiful eyes and was pitiful, but her hands were caught by Li Chen and hugged her in her arms.

King Yasha's voice trembled a little: "My concubine... at best, that's the way it is. With this king here, he doesn't dare to go too far."

Frustrated bones and ashes must be crushed.

But the next moment.

The world stands still.

Yaksha King he cried.

His right hand finally touched the weapon at his waist, and the moment he drew the knife, he stopped.

No, a little intolerance will lead to chaos and big plans.

If I do it now, all the sacrifices just now will be in vain.

"Chacha, come together."

King Yaksha closed his eyes, and his whole body seemed to be sublimated...

All the Yashas: Your Majesty, don't let the fat and water flow into the fields of outsiders!


Li Chen burst into laughter in his heart, in order to save the parting brother, this time his sacrifice was a bit big.

At this time, those mosquito clones had already landed on the heads of the monks one after another.

Before that, Li Chen had used the Forbearance Mantra to get through the parting.

Mosquitoes landed on the Baihui Cave on top of their heads and turned into drops of blood.

Parting only felt the coolness coming from the scalp, and then the numbness all over the body slowly rushed to the top of the head.

It won't be long before the whole body can be restored.


"Chacha, come together."

Lichen very warmly invited King Yasha to join him.

Seeing that he was motionless, he urged again: "Do you mind?"

King Yaksha turned his head away, gritted his teeth and said, "I don't mind..."

There was some crying indistinctly.

"Chacha, you are so kind."

"Hi~"

"How about I take you there..."

Tears of gratitude filled Yasha King's eyes: I finally saw the reward.


King Yasha didn't dare to delay any longer.

He was afraid of further delay, this little monk would take advantage of all the scum...

King Yaksha ordered two teams of guards, picked up Lichen and left.

It's not too late, let's find the place where the beads are buried first.

"Little ones, keep an eye on these monks for me."

"I can't miss one when I come back."


With a smile on the corner of Li Chen's mouth, "True Hearing Technique" sensed the fluctuations in Parting's body.

They should have already lifted the 'poison of evening scent', and their cultivation has completely recovered.

King Yaksha and the two teams of guards should be regarded as the backbone of the cottage.

Once they left, all that was left was cannon fodder.

Although there are a little more in number, with the combination of Yixin Temple and Lige Saneng, it should not be a problem to win the cottage.

When passing by the school grounds, Li Chen used the Forbearance Mantra to remind the parting voice transmission: In another hour, wait for the King Yaksha to go far before sending out the sounding arrow.

Farewell naturally understood, and responded with a mantra: Let Lichen be careful in everything, safety first.

Li Chen nodded slightly.

Once they shoot their arrows, the village will be in chaos. At that time, King Yaksha will not have the heart to find a place to bury the pearl.

Jieshi himself can take the opportunity to slip away.

"Go there~"

Li Chen pointed to a remote path, avoiding the place where the three of Li Ge were ambushing.

He didn't know where to bury the beads, in short, he just walked where the terrain was complicated.

Cliffs and cliffs, dragon pools and tiger lairs, those who dared not go before, now dare to take a trip.

King Yasha did not doubt that he was there, and the rougher the road to Lichen Belt, the more he believed in it: No wonder I didn't find out before...

About a long way.

boom~

There was a loud noise in the sky.

Li Chen felt happy, and the arrow fired.

"what happened?"

"My lord, it seems to be the direction of the cottage."

When Yacha King was puzzled, he heard a chuckle from behind: "Chacha..."

As soon as the words fell, a dragon chant sounded.

PS: Thanks to the book friends for being very vq, I was the reward of Hoe He~

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Ask for favorites, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets, investment~ Thank you, all the officials.


		