

Tear~

There are thousands of hands in anger, and one hand is divided.

There is no resistance at all.

The White Snake Ninggang is like a small spicy strip, which is divided into two from the middle.

As soon as the gang shape was broken, the gang energy scattered.

Li Shen paused, and immediately spit out a mouthful of blood.

The shape of the gangster is formed after the innate state of the monk, condensed by the method of visualization, and has the same heart and mind as himself.

Both of them were damaged, and both were prosperous. At this time, the white snake condensate was shattered, and Li Shen was also seriously injured.

Even Li Chen was surprised by this situation, he didn't expect Nuxing Qianshou to be able to break through the Xiantian Ning Gang so easily.

Such two strong encounters, unexpectedly a move to separate the winners and losers.

The monks in the audience were dumbfounded.

"Junior Brother Lichen... the real person doesn't show his face."

"Is he really a new disciple?"

"Let's face it, brother, there is a little difference between people."

"To break the congenital condensate with one move?!"

"Brother, brother, come and see the gods."

Bi Qi's hands trembled a little, but it didn't affect his writing speed at all.

[Lichen, a monk with a hair, learned supernatural powers in the later realm, specializing in breaking the innate condensate, which is unheard of in the world. 】


[This battle should be included in the annals of the Shasheng Temple, so that the monks will pay their respects in the future. 】


Li Chen didn't expect that Nu Xing Qianshou could break the Gang Qi, and looked at Li Shen who was half kneeling on the ground.

His face was like gold paper, and his expression was sluggish. It was obvious that the congenital condensate had been broken just now, and he suffered serious injuries.

Suddenly he coughed several times suddenly, as if he was having difficulty breathing, and his body trembled unconsciously, a bit like the appearance of being addicted in his previous life.

It's just that the Gang Qi is broken, so you don't have to take drugs.

Li Shen groped his body with both hands, and finally took out a dark porcelain bottle. The porcelain bottle was tipped over, leaving only the last pill.

The pill was also black, about the size of a little finger, it had just landed in Li Shen's palm, but because of his trembling, he couldn't hold it firmly and slipped from his fingers.

Coincidentally, it fell on the pool of blood that I just vomited...

For a cleanliness, enduring the filth may be more tormenting than killing him.

Li Shen looked at the blood-stained elixir and stretched out his trembling hand, but he couldn't drop it.

Is cleanliness that serious?

It's all this time, do you still care about whether it's clean?

Li Chen pouted, picked up the pill, and wanted to feed it to Li Shen.

But who would have thought that this guy suddenly grabbed his neck with both hands, the veins on his face were exposed, and his lips were trembling.

Li Chen also finally saw that there was a problem, his face tightened, and he hurriedly moved closer to him, only to hear him muttering: "Kill~"

But before the second word was uttered, he felt that his breath was not right.

Turning his head to look, his face turned from green to red, his skin became hot, and his whole body was full of gangster energy, which seemed a bit uncontrollable.

At this time, only the strange monk exclaimed from the audience: "Quick! Get out of the way!"

"Li Shen is about to explode!"

Lichen:! ! !

Without doubting him, he quickly turned over and got off the Blood Test Rock.

As soon as he stood still, he heard a loud noise in his ear.

bang~

The self-destruction of a congenital cultivator is already worth a blow from a strong inner scene.

On the entire blood-testing rock, Li Shen's flesh and blood were broken into dross, splashing everywhere.

Li Shen was clean all his life before he was alive, but he was dirty once when he died.

"Amitabha, Senior Brother Li Can... Did he blew himself up?"

"Not at all, it's just a contest."

"I've heard that senior brother Li Shen has a cleanliness habit. Maybe it's because he can't stand that dirty pill, so..."

"I'd rather die than be dirty, Senior Brother Li Can... Gao Jie."

"Senior brother Li Shen grabbed his neck with both hands at the end, and he seemed to have a strange expression, as if he had been poisoned."

"Indeed, he didn't seem to be willing to blow himself up. I don't know what the pill is for?"

"He's going to bring Junior Brother Lichen into trouble."


Indeed, even in the Demon Sect, it is a very serious crime to mutilate fellow sects.

Li Chen's head was in a daze: Cleanliness is really scary!

But he also has doubts in his heart, just because he lost the test, he blew himself up? Then he is too glass-hearted.

And at the end Li Shen muttered the word 'kill', was it because of his resentment towards himself before he died, or was it because he wanted to convey some message?

Li Chen frowned, and returned to the Blood Test Rock. Fortunately, the Meteor Fire Fork was not blown away, and he took it directly into the pocket without hesitation.

Just when he was about to turn around and leave, the brilliance on Dinghai Pearl flashed again.

Um?

What does it mean? Li Shen still has a Buddha treasure on his body?

Immediately picked up the Dinghai Pearl and began to search, and sure enough, he found the gray-white canopy in the grass.

At this time, Li Shen is dead, and the mirror of Xie Yu can watch it.

[Sky cover, the treasure of the heavenly crowds of the eight dragons.

It can block the peeping of all souls, luck, etc., and it can also block the interference of formations. 】


It turned out to be a Buddha treasure!

No wonder when I was in the Blood Sea Secret Realm, I used the interpretation mirror to reflect on Li Shen, but I couldn't see anything.

You must know that Master Lonely, as the head of the empty nest monastery, has no magic weapon that can block the primordial spirit.

The same is true for the previous lotus falling formation. After Li Shen sacrificed the sky cover, it was not affected in the slightest.

It turns out that there is such a treasure to protect the body.

Thinking of this knot, Li Chen put away the sky cover again.

But he secretly said in his heart: Brother Li Can, you are such a good person, I will burn some soap for you later, so that you can stay clean in hell.

In short, be careful in your next life.

Li Chen let out a long sigh, and soon froze again.

Because Dinghaizhu... flashed again.

what's going on? and also?

Soon he locked the crystal knife in Li Shen's hand.

The whole body of this crystal knife is transparent, like a piece of crystal. During the previous martial arts competition, Li Chen found that this knife was unusual.

After the blade is swung, it will become invisible. If Li Chen hadn't learned "The Magic of Listening to Truth", he might really be scratched by this blade.

[Wuying Dao, the treasure of the Asuras of the eight dragons.

The knife is not stained with blood, and it is extremely sharp. After being swung, it will become invisible and invisible, with extremely fast speed and extraordinary power. 】

Who would have thought that the saber that Li Can usually shows to others is actually a Buddha treasure transformed by the Buddha Yuan Gang?

I have to admit that Lishenzang is really deep.

Recall carefully, when the monks came to the land of equal vines when they were in the blood sea secret realm, they had never seen any fire forks.

When he went back later, he easily found the Meteor Fire Fork. It should be because he had this knife in his hand, so he could use it to sense it.

Calculated in this way, he alone had three Buddha treasures at that time: the Cang Qiong Cap, the Meteor Fire Fork and the Shadowless Knife.

Of course, it's all cheaper now.

Brother Li Shen, you are really a good person, don't worry, soap will be burned on a quarterly basis in the future.

[Li Shen's true qi is disordered, self-explosion occurs, and the soul is wandering...]

Li Chen was taken aback for a moment, before reacting immediately.

When he was in the Blood Sea Secret Realm before, he marked and collected the frequency fluctuations of each senior brother.

As soon as Li Shen died at this moment, Dai Mao reacted immediately.

Soon the location of Li Shen's soul was determined, it was trembling all over, at a loss, even the soul was a clean freak.

Li Chen swung his left hand directly, imprinting the imprint of restraining soul on the spirit body.

The chains gradually spread on the spirit body...

When the two were competing just now, they were concerned about their fellowship, so Li Chen didn't use the soul restraining chains.

But now, it can be considered waste utilization.

After all, he also wanted to know what the word 'kill' Li Shen said at the end meant.

Soon the chain wrapped Li Shen's spirit body into a rice dumpling, and the other end spread to Li Chen's left palm.

[Li Shen was imprisoned in the Infernal Dungeon and endured the torment of Infernal Hellfire. I hope he can honestly explain everything he knows and succeed in reforming as soon as possible. 】

Soap...save.

PS: 3.11 is on the shelves, at least five more, and please support the parents of food and clothing~~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		