

The waves are wide and the waves stop.

With this palm, the force sank into the void, and the dragon roared.

Marshal Carp waved his halberd, and a majestic water column rose from the ground, blocking himself.

Bang~

The palm fell to startle the wind and rain, blood staining half of the bay.

Palm Qi shattered the water column, and disappeared without a trace at the same time.

Seeing this, the young general in white armor suddenly shot out, and aimed straight at Lichen's cheek.

Li Chen only had open eyes, his gaze was dazzling, his figure was staggered like lightning, and he also returned a palm.

Aww~

Second salute!

With a flick from Li Chen's feet, his body was raised by several feet, and it was precisely from the height that he hit the ground. Several feather arrows followed closely behind, and with a repulsion, all of them were folded in half.

The young general in white armor moved around, not willing to be outdone, he swayed two shots left and right, and stabbed at Lichen again like a yellow dragon.

The gun came out like a dragon hitting the dragon-shaped palm.

Bang~

The dragon shadow disappeared, and the gun was nowhere to be found.

This time the confrontation was evenly matched, but it aroused the interest of several other generals, and they stood around one after another, eager to try, when a gust of wind blew up, they finally couldn't hold back.

Eel Lishi swung his sledgehammer and smashed it down on the head, and Admiral An stabbed out his spear and took the head straight.

Marshal Carp and General Shark were not to be outdone, one holding a halberd and the other holding a knife, as if they were fighting against each other.

Li Chen was also unambiguous, "Hundred Eight Annoyance Prayers" flew out one after another, one palm after another, sometimes triggering a combo of strikes, and few people took advantage of it.

In the blink of an eye, more than thirty slaps passed, and Li Chen was troubled and angry.

swish swish~

There was a sudden movement under the ribs, and the anger all over his body found an outlet, condensed into a shape, and gave birth to two red arms. There were various lines on the arms, and there was a faint flow of fire.

That marshal carp has extensive knowledge, his eyes were fixed, and he couldn't help being surprised: "Thousand-handed supernatural power!"

"Still angry!"

"No, no, this monk is so handsome, he is definitely not an Asura! This supernatural power should have been cut off."

He knew in his heart that if he used the supernatural power formula, it would be another great achievement: "Keep alive!"

Li Chen didn't just sit still, he stretched out four palms in succession, one movement after another, Tan Chan's rosary was spinning around his body, complementing the palms.

All of a sudden, there was thunder from the palm, and the dragon's shadow came out from the wind. With one to five, the wind didn't fall behind.

Seeing that Lichen became more and more courageous in the battle, Lieutenant Ma in the army couldn't help secretly anxious: "Sprinkle blood quickly, or change will happen later."

As soon as the words were finished, the generals of the five parties understood and chanted the mantra, only to see the sea water flooding, and suddenly there were waves, and blood lines were drawn in front of everyone.

It's bad for Lichen secretly, it turns out that he has fallen into a trap long ago, and he doesn't know it yet.

The sea of ​​blood gathers the blood of all spirits, among which the evil spirit of blood is the strongest, and this evil spirit of blood is the most restrained to all living beings, even gods are afraid.

Under the blood net, Li Chen didn't panic either, he had the 'Buddha's light' body protection and the power to destroy demons, once the repulsive force came out, white smoke would come out of the blood net.

Everyone was shocked, this mortal didn't seem to be afraid of the evil spirit of blood, and he didn't dare to hold back any more at the moment, and his movements were a little faster.

The sea of ​​blood is endless, and the evil energy of this blood net is endless, if once it is closed, Li Chen will be covered by the blood evil energy, and when the time comes, his hands and feet will be bound, and he will no longer have the power to recover.

Li Chen knew that this was a critical moment, and the 'Buddha's light' on his body was more than enough to protect his body, but not enough to get rid of the evil spirit, so his heart skipped a beat, and in the next second his hand was already glowing with flames.

Blossoming red lotuses appeared in the void, and the surroundings instantly became a bit colder. This thing was nothing but the red lotus karma that Li Chen had just obtained.

The red lotus karma fire specializes in burning karma, and it is the nemesis of blood evil spirit.

Li Chen stabilized his mind. At this moment, he was still a little rusty when he started to drive. He only dared to attach it to the palm of his hand, but it was enough.

He turned sharply and pressed against the blood net, the bloody aura that had been condensed just now melted like snow.

scoff~

In the blink of an eye, a big hole was opened in the net of blood, and it spread to the surroundings.

Seeing that the situation was not good, all the generals resorted to their means one after another. Among them, General Sha rushed to the front, grinning grinningly: "Look at the knife!"

The shark-toothed knife was scraped in his hand, Li Chen hurriedly pulled it away with gravity, but the opponent refused to give up, turned around and made another knife, Li Chen was furious, and he slapped out with his palm, which hit General Sha's chest, but he seemed to be confident, with a slash on his body The brilliance flashed, and it was the body-protecting energy.

After innate ability to condense stellar qi, no wonder General Shark rushed to the forefront, so he was confident.

There is really nothing that can be done when the acquired zhenqi is against the congenital gang qi.

There was an unknown fire in Li Chen's heart, the red lotus karmic fire that had been extinguished, unexpectedly rekindled at this time, he swung out with a palm.

The corner of General Shark's mouth curled up, thinking that the other party was at the end of his rope, but his chest felt cold, and when he looked down, a small red flower was blooming beautifully...

Ah~

General Sha trembled all over and couldn't hold it anymore, the formation of all the generals broke down immediately.

It turns out that the red lotus fire can break the innate qi!

Li Chen looked at the little red flower on General Sha's chest, but in his heart he was reminiscing about the palm just now, how he planted the red lotus fire in a daze.

I thought that the ghosts in the eight cold hells were all caused by evil karma, but at this moment Lichen realized it carefully.

Bad karma is the soil, and karmic fire is just the seed.

Yehuo will not take the initiative to eradicate evil, but needs a firm heart to subdue demons.

Thinking of this, Li Chen was no longer afraid of his hands and feet, and stretched out his palms, each of which was a small red flower.

All the monsters were shocked when they saw this, and no one dared to approach for a while.

Seeing that the situation was getting worse, the army commander Taiwei turned his head and shouted at Marshal Li: "There is no need to wait any longer!"

Marshal Li gritted his teeth, a flash of determination flashed in his eyes, and he shouted: "Tied!"

I saw a blue light flying out from his hand, the blue light transformed into the shape of a dragon in the air, the blue scales appeared on the dragon's body, his face was ferocious, his eyes were angry, and he bit towards Li Chen.

Li Chen was taken aback, and hurriedly used his body skills to avoid it, but the snake followed him like a shadow, extremely fast, and bit his shoulder with one bite.

Jiao's body is entangled with his limbs, as if he is not affected by the repulsive force of the "Cause and Effect Transformation Jue", the harder he tries to break free, the tighter his body is entangled.

This magic weapon is definitely not a mortal thing.

puff~

Seeing that Li Chen was finally caught, Marshal Li looked pale and couldn't help spitting out a mouthful of blood. Obviously, this magic weapon was very expensive, Taiwei Ma hurriedly handed over the elixir, turned around and said, "Bai Jiao, go back quickly and return to life, if you let him If I escaped, I will ask you!"

"Yes!"


Li Chen used the power of the dragon and elephant, but he couldn't break free, so he had no choice but to catch him without a fight.

Looking up at the sky, I don't know how far we have left them.

The five parties dispersed, and the young general in white robes jumped into the sea with Li Chen under his wing. A brilliance flashed from the token around his waist, and the two sides of the sea parted.

Li Chen's eyes lit up, it turned out that this token actually had this effect, and there was such a token in King Yaksha's package, before Li Chen was only regarded as a general item.

The young general Baijia walked in front, and behind him were the shrimp soldiers and crab generals who escorted Lichen. After walking for some time, a palace came into view.

Pavilions, terraces and pavilions, Xuanxie Langfang, among corals, among beautiful jade, all carved beams and painted buildings, all resplendent and magnificent.

The monsters and beasts in the sea do not know how many people there are, and they shuttled through the palace with vibrancy, making them no less lonely than the world.

A group of people strolled under the sea, and walked for a while, the young general Baijia finally stopped, and looked up to see the three big characters "Blood Dragon Palace" written on it.

PS: Thanks to the three book friends who are confused and drunk late at night, Shi Lao, and what the hell is Che Zhuzi~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		