

After setting up Li Sao, Li Chen didn't go back to his meditation room, but turned around and came to the Three Treasures Buddhist Temple.

A sullen person like Li Ge took the initiative to go to the empty nest monastery to find him, which meant that there must be something important.

After the briefing, he soon saw Li Ge.

【Junior brother, you finally came out! 】

[With you here, brother's future is not a dream. 】

【Junior brother, you must push open that stone gate! 】


As soon as they met, their broken thoughts broke through the sky.

After some pleasantries, Li Ge finally told about the 'Shimen'. It turned out that he had discovered the Shimen many years ago, but he was unable to push it open because of lack of strength.

Because Li Chen practiced the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", I want him to try it.

Li Chen naturally agrees

The two agreed on a time and place, and then left separately.

It wasn't until midnight that Li Chen left the Zen room again, and walked cautiously all the way towards the Colorless Mountain.

At this time, the night was dark and the moon was hanging high.

Since Li Ge had agreed on this time, he definitely didn't want people to know about it, so he chose places with few people to go.

When I came to Wuse Mountain, I climbed up the stairs, but after four or five hundred steps, I saw a figure who seemed to be waiting at the turn of the mountain.

Through the "True Listening Art", it was quickly recognized that the person was none other than Li Ge.

"Brother! I'll come too."

Seeing Li Chen, Li Ge was naturally very excited.

[With my junior brother here, I will have a bottom line. 】


The colorless mountain in the middle of the night, the white mist and the night are intertwined, making it even more ethereal and psychedelic.

Li Chen directly summoned the Ascetic Nuclear Boat, and the two of them boarded the boat together, and the journey was much faster.

After climbing over four or five hills and reaching a valley, Li Ge finally signaled to stop.

Surrounded by peaks and jagged rocks, it belongs to a relatively remote corner of the Colorless Mountain.

The most important thing is that there is a thousand-year-old cold pool in the mountain depression, in which no aquatic plants grow, and swimming fish do not grow. Usually, few disciples come here.

With a thought in Li Chen's mind, he lowered the ascetic nuclear boat, and the boat was leisurely, awakening thousands of ripples.

Just floating on the water, I felt the biting cold.

"It can't be under the cold pool."

Li Ge didn't expect him to guess it all at once, and nodded in surprise.

"How to get down?"

"Jump!"

"and many more."

Li Chen took out a water-avoiding token from his body and handed it over. It was the token of King Yasha in the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

"This thing avoids water and is placed close to the body."

Li Ge was taken aback: Some people take it as a treasure, is this normal?

After placing the token to avoid water, Li Ge suddenly fell into the cold pool, followed by Li Chen who had Dinghai Pearl on his body.

The water in the pool is dark and dark, but Li Ge seems to have already been familiar with the road, and even the Hanguang Stone was spared.

After going back a hundred meters underwater, I saw a dark hole in front of me.

The two got in one after another. Li Chen only felt his body go up quickly, and soon he felt that he was out of the water.

It turns out that there is another universe on this side of the cold pool.

It's just that I didn't expect this place to be bigger than the fog outside.

Listening to the sound to identify the position, he walked in the direction of Lige, and he touched the rocky shore very quickly.

As soon as Li Ge came ashore, he took out the Hanguang Stone that he had prepared in advance, and there was only one trail leading from the cave.

Walking along the path, he soon saw the stone gate that Li Ge mentioned.

The whole body of the Shimen is made of jadeite rock, carved with various patterns, judging from the style, it should be a long time ago.

"here!"

【Junior brother, you must push me away! 】

At this time, Li Chen has broken through to the fifth stage of the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", possessing the power of four dragons and four elephants.

He didn't shirk at the moment, took a deep breath, pressed his hands against the door, and exerted all his strength, only to feel his blood surging and his muscles tense.

Um……

Li Chen was stunned.

This stone gate is really strong.

Li Ge's face was full of tension.

[No way, no way, even the younger brother can't open it? 】

【Junior brother, try again, after you push it away, I will show you a small drawing book. 】

Li Chen sneered on his face: Brother, you look down on me, I, Li Chen, help you purely because of brotherhood.

"Go!"

With the veins on Li Chen's face exposed, he slammed against the stone door again, working harder than before.

It took only two breaths, and the body was already sweating profusely.

It stands to reason that with such strength, ten such stone gates should be no problem.

It's strange to say that Shimen didn't move at all.


"Whoa, whoa~"

Li Chen leaned against the wall panting heavily, this door is too senior.

Anyhow, give some reaction.

After trying again and again many times, Li Chen finally chose to give up.

The door is definitely welded shut.

He leaned against the wall, exhausted like he hadn't been in a long time.

At this moment, Li Chen's body froze, he hurriedly took out a stone containing light, and shone it on the rock behind him.

He was leaning against the wall just now, and when his fingers touched the wall, there seemed to be chisel marks.

This time, even Li Ge came over.

Looking at the wall, I saw that there were still rows of handwriting on it, the handwriting was elegant and timeless, and it should be written by a famous artist:

"I came from Dongzhou, traveled thousands of miles in southern Xinjiang, met by chance, and saw Baoshan.

Fortunately, he couldn't push the stone door open.

Alas, I entered Baoshan and returned empty.

——Jixia Yanfeng. "

It seems that Li Ge was not the first person to discover this place, but that person did not push the stone door open either.

Immediately following is the second row, which should be made by one person:

"Ten years of hard training, strength can carry mountains, there is no one in the land who can win, and I have worked hard...but I still can't achieve my wish.

Alas, I entered Baoshan again and returned empty.

——Jixia Yanfeng. "

Haha, it's still that 'Jixia Yanfeng'.

Immediately after the third line of writing:

"I have practiced hard for 30 years, easily won the crown of Dongzhou Tianjiao, and come back here, defeated...

Alas, I will enter Baoshan again and return empty.

——Jixia Yanfeng. "

Li Chen wanted to laugh seeing this, but this 'Jixia Yanfeng' was really persistent.

In the next fourth row, Li Chen couldn't hold back at all, and saw the words on it:

"Yu gradually entered the realm of transformation, swept the monks in Hedong, and was promoted by the heroes as the leader of the alliance. His heart was surging, and his body escaped thousands of miles. Pushing again... still unable to catch up.

Alas, I entered Baoshan four times and returned empty.

——Jixia Yanfeng. "

Since then, as his cultivation has become stronger and stronger, he will come here to push the stone gate every once in a while.


"Yu Lili Qingxiao, looking up to the heaven and the earth, there are less than five people who are shoulder to shoulder, but he has a knot in his heart, and when he re-enters this place, his helplessness remains the same.

Alas, I entered Baoshan seven times and returned empty.

——Jixia Yanfeng. "


Until the last row: "Yu Zheng Dao is successful, and the void will be shattered in a short time. I have no regrets in my life, but this is the only obstacle.

The last push is to spare the rest of your life!

Sure enough, it was a waste of effort.

Alas, what's the use of becoming a fairy?

If anyone who looks to come can push open the stone gate, he will go to Jixia to tell the news, and I will wait for the good news in the fairy world.

——Jixia Yanfeng. "

Speechless... This 'Jixia Yanfeng' has been shattered and turned into a fairy, and the door has not been opened yet.

Apparently Li Ge didn't realize it before, and the disappointment on his face was replaced by embarrassment.

Li Chen's expression turned bitter: "Brother, this..."

Wait, even a fairy can't push it away, boss!

Wait, can't even push away a fairy? Is this normal?

Wait, why do I have to 'push'? !

PS: It will be on shelves on Friday, 3.11, and the moonlight is waiting for everyone, let’s take a look~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		