

At this moment, the ascetic nuclear boat was jolted.

Li Chen frowned.

The air movement in front suddenly became intermittent.

There are live eyes and dead breath in Go.

To live is to be able to walk, and to die is to be cut off.

This is a sign of hindrance.

Li Chen stretched out a palm.

Start asking.

The scene ten miles ahead came into my mind.

Stalagmites rising from the ground.

Suddenly blocked the way.

Outrageous.

Pretty outrageous.

The ascetic nuclear boat flew into the clouds.

I don't know how high it is.

How can there be a mountain higher than the sky?

Li Chen confirmed again.

The result remains the same.

Immediately a move in the heart.

The ascetic nuclear boat climbed up a few breaths in an instant, and went straight into the sky.

This time, even when Mount Everest came, he was silent.

But Li Chen felt it a little bit.

It was still blocked by the stone forest.

He does not believe in evil.

So turn the bow and continue to pull up.

But the result is still the same.

After several attempts.

Li Chen found that no matter how high or far he flew.

There will be stone forest obstacles ahead.

Sure enough, the journey to the other side will not be smooth sailing.

The obscure Zen master said that from this shore to the other shore.

I just heard from Mr. Kongkong in the Void Building.

No one has really been able to go to the other side and find the Ten Square Pagoda.

Now look.

The other side does exist.

But the process must be tested.

While thinking about it, the flying boat has rushed into the stone forest.

Li Chen's "Linglong Mind Scheming" has already started.

The flying magic weapon of the imperial envoy is also very familiar with it.

In his mind, it was like picking up a chess piece and putting it down gently.

But the further you went, the more intricate the stalagmites in front of you became.

If we say that it was a simple dismantling and merging of chess pieces just now.

Now it is a slightly subtle Go setting.

Although it takes some brains, it can still be cracked.

But as the flying boat continued to move forward.

The stone forest in front of him became more and more strange and changeable.

For a newcomer to Go.

This is already a great challenge.

He ran the formula of "Linglong Scheming".

Just like playing Go.

Within the specified time, if it is too late to make a move.

There's a good chance he'll crash into a hill.

["Linglong Mind Scheming" made the flying boat more than 100,000 miles, and finally experienced the fun of driving, and the personality "road idiot" evolved into "automatic navigation". 】

[Automatic navigation: It can automatically avoid obstacles, search for locations, mark locations, save locations, navigate functions, set fixed route maps, etc. 】

Li Chen was overjoyed.

loved ones.

Quickly turn on autopilot.

Sure enough, the flying boat began to flip up and down, avoiding obstacles left and right.

Li Chen only felt that the things in front of him seemed to be fascinated by the eyes.

Still can't see clearly.

It disappeared in an instant.

He couldn't help wiping the sweat off his brow.

Huh~

This is if you drive yourself.

You have to hit the mountain.

Just when he sat back in the cabin, thinking that everything would be fine.

The rocky mountains in front of him suddenly began to criss-cross.

There is no more gap.

There is no way ahead.

The ascetic flying boat turned its bow.

This is the case again in front of the result.

In the end, I could only turn around in place.

At this moment, bursts of Buddhist voices rang in my ears.

Li Chen had nothing to do.

The sound of the Buddha fills the ears, as if it is real or unreal.

It sounded insanely noisy.

The further you listen, the bigger your head becomes.

Li Chen was completely heartbroken.

Mind escaped directly into the small black room.

The small black house is also worthy of being a small black house.

The walls are windowless and extremely silent.

Once inside, it feels hard to see.

At this time, "Bacchus", "Hundred Eight Troubles", "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", "Linglong Mind Scheming"...

It's all inside.

It is invisible from the dust.

But I feel that they are all facing the wall and introspecting.

I also found a place to sit cross-legged.

Strange to say.

As soon as you sit down, you feel peace of mind.

All thoughts became clear.

Originally those ethereal Buddha sounds that were difficult to hold.

Once here, it became extremely clear.

"The nature of the earth is strong and obstructive!"

"It is karma to take advantage of the form, to rely on it to be useful, to destroy it to be useful, and to treat capital and support it to be karma."

"The inner part refers to the five faculties of the body, the inner eyes, and the rest of the dwelling place. They are hard and constrained, and have the nature of attachment and receptivity."


"Fury claws and teeth, dirt, flesh, tendons, bones, veins, and other impurity are the inner body."

"Using firmness as the nature, and persistence as the function, it pervades all matter, so the cloud is great."

You have to hear this.

Like nectar into the heart.

Enlightenment.

Li Chen's body unconsciously began to groan.

in Buddhism.

There are two places.

One is called outside, and the other is called inside.

Gravel, hills, woods, bricks, etc., for the outside.

Hair, claws, flesh, tendons and bones are the interior.

"The nature of the earth is strong and obstructive!"

Only then did Li Chen suddenly realize.

This must be the good intention of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.

The mountain peaks and stone pillars I met were all foreign bodies.

Use this to hinder yourself from moving forward.

The purpose is to map his own inland body.

Let him have some insight.

[The Zen sound of the Great Buddha sounded in the small black room, and all Buddhist exercises entered a state of enlightenment...]

[Your body has been baptized by the Buddha's music, and your physique has been greatly improved, awakened: ground-air physique. 】

[Earth and air physique: The internal body is flawless, including: hair, claws, flesh, muscles and bones, all of which are far superior to ordinary people. 】

With a thought from Li Chen, he got out of the small black room.

The sky in front of me was still cloudy.

It's just that the obstacle of the high mountain stone pillar is gone.

The ascetic flying boat turned into a streamer and continued on its way.

Li Chen couldn't help feeling remorseful.

Sure enough, it is the guidance of the Bodhisattva.

looked down.

I saw that there were many stains on the skin.

It must be caused by washing the essence and cutting the marrow just now.

Not waiting for him to wash up.

At this time, clouds suddenly began to gather in piles in the sky.

After a while, the clouds turned into rain.

Lichen's hands were wet.

Fortunately, it wasn't rain of blood.

Immediately overjoyed, with the help of the heavy rain, I had a good cleaning.

After washing, I hid in the black tent again.

The ascetic nuclear boat itself is the ultimate magic weapon.

There is a rain drainage mechanism in the awning.

Li Chen observed secretly.

The body seems to be covered with a layer of precious light.

Flesh and fascia, hair and fingers, all seem to have been forged.

With 30% of his strength, he slammed his left shoulder.

This time he deliberately didn't run the "Karma Changing Job".

Unexpectedly, the force of the palm fell on the body, and it was like a normal slap.

One must know that his 30% strength is no small feat.

Ordinary Acquired Dual Realms can't hold on.

This shows that at least the body's ability to resist blows has become stronger.

Even if he practiced body protection methods such as "Blood Clothes Sutra" all the year round.

It is also difficult to have Lichen's current body.

Ground-air physique means that the inner body is flawless.

That is, the physical body has no flaws.

Resilience is only part of it.

Li Chen shook his arms violently.

The strength is rolling in.

At present, the third layer of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is running.

This time he didn't pick up the dragon.

There is no golden light of enlightenment on his body.

At first, it felt a little difficult to move.

At this time, whether it is skin, bone or fascia.

Even small movements can be done easily.

Thinking of this, I started to solitaire.

The solitaire scripture on the third layer of "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is "Diamond Sutra".

Just when Lichen learned the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", he couldn't find the Sutra of Solitaire.

So I soaked in the Sutra Pavilion and read silently.

The Diamond Sutra was what he read at that time.

At this time, the solitaire is successful, and the golden light enters the body.

Then cooperate with the physique of the ground and the sky.

Efficiency is indeed higher.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		