

A group of people returned to the blood shadow ship in a mighty manner.

The other three monasteries also had their own encounters, especially the Four Truths Monastery found a place where medicinal herbs were luxuriant and picked a lot of medicinal herbs.

But Sanbao Temple was more unlucky, and was attacked by a blood dragon shortly after setting off.

Although all creatures were suppressed below the innate fifth-layer realm due to the opening rules of the blood sea, the blood dragon was ferocious and had the right time and place.

Not only did they escape successfully, but they also made Sanbao Temple pay a heavy price, nearly half of them were killed or injured.

It was Li Shen from Shuangcheng Temple who was the most scheming, he has been standing still and guarding the big ship.

It wasn't until Lichen and his party came back and learned the location of the blood vine through indirect information that they set off with their disciples.

All dangers were avoided on the way, and the gourd was picked smoothly without loss of a single soldier.

The monks were either recuperating, or collecting experience, and so on for a few more days, until the bell of piercing the world on the parting body rang.

Boundary piercing bells are made of piercing stones, and they appear in pairs by nature.

Shake one of them, and the other will respond, even if you enter a small world, so it is used to transmit simple signals.

The ringing of the piercing bell on the parting body means that the Blood Sea Secret Realm is about to close, and it is time to return to the voyage.

So far, the number of disciples who boarded the big ship at that time is only about half of the original number.

Of course, the huge danger represents a huge harvest. Compared with the previous generations, this trip is a rewarding experience.

Not to mention Lichen, there are at least four people who have obtained the spiritual product gourd: Li Ge, Li Sorrow, Li Sao, Farewell, and one Li Shen is secretive.

Boarding the big ship, everyone felt sympathetic, and the harvest of this trip was second to none, mainly because it let everyone see the cruelty of practice.

Every opportunity is a desperate fight, and if you are not careful, you will die.

The big boat pushes away the waves. Compared with sailing against the waves when it came, it is much easier to return. There is no need for iron oars to slide, and the big boat drifts with the waves at an extremely fast speed.

Li Chen summoned the Ascetic Nuclear Boat, said goodbye to everyone, and set out on the road alone.

The flying boat navigated by itself, and he didn't need to be distracted. He drank a glass of red honey wine and entered the small black room.

He gained a lot this trip, not only got three fairy gourds, but also activated two "Great View Sutra" tattoos.

But if we say the biggest gain, it is Jieyujing, which not only has an extra handle for listening to the unicorn, but also increases the knowledge base.

A vine decoration was also added to allow him to see through the hidden conditions.

[Lotus falls:

Requirements for tattooing: visualize the red lotus karmic fire, and comprehend the two states respectively, in order to get a successful tattoo.

Upgrade condition: Visualize the lotus of different species, which can increase the number of layers of lotus tattoo and increase the power of the tattoo. 】

The upgrade conditions don't need to be concerned for the time being, but the tattoo conditions are the top priority.

The two states of the red lotus fire? They should correspond to the two parts of the tattoo, one on the sole of the foot and one on the base of the tongue.

In the small black room, Lichen's ray of divine thought summoned the red lotus karma fire, and as soon as the jumping sparks appeared, the temperature of the small black room became a little lower.

The red lotus karmic fire, which is extremely yin to cold, turns into fire, and the flame turns bright red, which makes people intoxicated, but it is extremely dangerous.

The tattoo on the foot is "Lotus grows step by step", every time you take a step, you can plant red lotus fire under your feet.

And the 'tongue shining lotus flower' at the root of the tongue is to send out the red lotus magic technique through the speech spirit.

Li Chen stared at the red lotus Karma Fire in his hand, thoughtful, the two parts correspond to two states: one is 'seed' and the other is 'release'.

How can it be planted, how can it be released?

The red lotus karmic fire is originally the eight cold hells, the seventh layer of flames, used to punish the evil spirits who entered the hell, and there is no good person among the ghosts who come here.

Why can red lotus karmic fire grow on their bodies?

Because of bad karma, they all have bad karma that cannot be dispelled, so they attract red lotus karma.

The incomparably vivid spark in front of my eyes is going to grow in the ugliest place in the world.

It's a pity that Li Chen can only summon simply now, and has no way to flexibly drive the flames, so he can't understand the deeper meaning at all.

bang~

At this moment, there was a loud noise in the sky.

Li Chen woke up from his contemplation, and when he looked back, it was the direction of the blood shadow ship.

This signal was clearly in some trouble, thinking of this, Li Chen did not hesitate, turned around and flew back.

He had just separated from the big boat, and soon found the big boat again.

At this time, the big ship seemed to be stranded, stopping in place and spinning around, and a red shadow loomed in the passing waves.

I only heard someone on the boat shouting: "It's that blood dragon, it's coming to you again!"

Li Chen suddenly thought of what had happened to Sanbao Temple, did the blood dragon come to seek revenge?

At this moment, another disciple couldn't stand on the deck and plunged into the sea. The blood dragon made waves and entangled him.

On the deck, Farewell gave orders in the center, directing the monks to move and dodge.

I saw him listening attentively, as if he could be one step ahead of the blood dragon, and always knew where it was located.

Li Chen took a closer look, and there was a gourd earring hanging under Parting's left ear, which was vaguely the well-known gourd.

The multi-smelling gourd can hear the wind, noises, secrets and whispers around the body, so even on a boat, it can grasp the position of the blood dragon and issue early warnings in time.

Under his command, the monks dodged left and right on the deck, and they were able to avoid the attack of the blood dragon every time.

The blood dragon became a little annoyed, suddenly soared into the air, swept its tail when it crossed the deck, and took away four or five monks.

The many monks couldn't bear the rage of this beast, several magic weapons flew towards the blood flood dragon, intending to intercept it on the boat.

But the blood flood dragon seems to be able to use a flexible body technique, and can change its body shape several times in the air, easily dodging all attacks.

"Wu that bastard dares to play wild here, look at the stick!"

Just when everyone thought that it was going to succeed, Li Chou slashed out a stick like a madman.

This stick was full of momentum, and there was a whistling sound from a distance, but the blood flood dragon was nimble, curled up slightly, and dodged the blade again.

The blood flood dragon still didn't forget to turn his head to taunt, and at this moment his body hurt, and blood rained all over the sky.

There was a half-meter-long incision between its waist and abdomen, dripping with blood.

Aww~

The blood dragon roared in pain, his eyes were full of doubts, but his figure fell sharply from the other side of the deck.

poof.

Huge waves surged, and the blood shadow ship was still in a trance.

Li Chou smiled and patted the gourd on his waist, very satisfied.

The shadow-picking gourd can attack shadows and act on its body. Although the blood flood dragon flies through the air, no matter how agile its movement is, its shadow falls on the deck.

Besides, it didn't have any defenses, that's why it was captured by Li Chou. If it knew Li Chou's ability in advance, then this attack would probably have no effect.

At this time, Li Chen had already flown to the front, hurriedly pressed down the flying boat and landed on the deck, when everyone saw Li Chen, they all dropped a big rock in their hearts.

It's just that Li Chen pointed at the sea and stretched out his hand, making a gesture, but his brows were tightly frowned.

PS: Thank you for having books as a companion, Xi Gu Pani, card face to play Decade The rewards of the three book friends~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		