

jingle~

Farewell to the piercing bell around his waist, trembling more intensely than ever.

The red light of the Transmitting Gate has become increasingly dim, like a dying candle, and it may be extinguished in the next moment.

Farewell subconsciously pressed the bell, just like suppressing the anxiety in my heart.

The sea and sky in the distance are all the same color, reflecting a glowing red scene, but it still lacks some vitality.

I know parting, the time for passing through the gate should be coming soon, if I miss this time...

Shasheng Temple, Daxiong Palace.

Zen Master Jiyong had a worried look on his face: "Why hasn't parting come out yet?"

"Returning to Master, you should still be waiting for Junior Brother Lichen."

Ji Yong sighed softly, hoping that both of them will be safe and sound, otherwise it will be troublesome.

He peeked to the side.

snap~

The sound of the wooden fish became more and more dull.

At the top of the main hall, the obscure elder opened his eyes slightly, and swept across the dim world-transmitting door. At this time, the red light gradually dimmed: "Ring the bell, don't stop."

The two elders, Huiming and Huique, seemed to hear a trace of urgency in the obscure tone, and they couldn't help looking in the direction of the world-transmitting gate.

I saw the red light group beating slightly, between on and off.

"All conditioned dharmas are like dreams and bubbles, like dew and electricity, and should be viewed as such..."

The faint sound of Buddha and the sound of wooden fish are intertwined.

At this moment, Li Dai suddenly raised the piercing bell, with a look of surprise on his face: "Uncle Master! The piercing bell is silent!"

The obscure elder stared at the world-transmitting gate.

The world-transmitting gate was barely visible, and suddenly a red light flashed above it, and there were more figures in the Daxiong Palace.

When the red light dissipated, the parting appearance was revealed.

snap~

The wooden fish in the hands of the lonely monk broke into dross again.

But this time he didn't replace it with a new one, and just kept his previous movements and froze in place.

For a moment, the silence in the hall made one feel creepy.

Like the calm before the storm, all the heads looked at the lonely Zen master together, not even daring to make a sound to breathe.

At the next moment, Boundary Traversing Gate was in a trance, Sifang Xiaoqi shook, and even the last gleam of redness finally faded away.

Waiting for the fog to dissipate, at some point, another figure appeared on the spot.

"Greetings to the elders, greetings to the master!"

When the voice rang, it was Li Chen!

At the last moment, he drove the ascetic nuclear boat and rushed out of the world-transmitting gate.

“Good luck, good luck.”

"Amitabha."

The obscure elder nodded, and just glanced at the gourd on Li Chen's waist, a trace of disappointment flashed in his eyes.

Mr. Kong Kong said that there is a lotus pattern on the red lotus gourd, which is obviously not the one on Lichen.

Still, it's always good to have people back.

With his appearance, the tense atmosphere in the hall just now disappeared.

The four chiefs suddenly felt like they had survived a catastrophe.

Especially Zen Master Jiyun, his eyes were a little moist: saved!

And Chan Master Lonely, just sitting beside Zen Master Lonely, is like a thorn in the back, like a thorn in the throat, like sitting on needles.

When his first apprentice didn't come out, he wasn't so nervous.

Farewell and handed the world-piercing bell to the obscure Zen master: "Tell Master Uncle that all the disciples have returned."

Zen Master Obscure took the Boundary Piercing Bell and nodded slightly, thus the blood sea and his party came to a successful conclusion.

Looking at the crowd in the main hall, this trip was really fruitful, nearly 400 disciples entered, and nearly 200 people came out in the end.

Among them, twenty-eight people reached Blood Gourd Island and successfully picked gourds, and they also had countless resources.

It is not only the generation with the largest number of survivors in the history of Shasheng Temple, but also the generation with the richest harvest.

It can be foreseen that in the next few decades, Shasheng Temple will rise in southern Xinjiang, and may regain some of its former glory.

At this time, he also heard about some deeds in the secret realm, and he was still concerned about the red lotus gourd, so he called Li Chen to leave.

The other monks returned to their respective places.


Empty Nest Temple.

Li Sao was bragging: "That blood demon is really powerful, but the little monk's pair of iron fists is not for people to see. My Arhat boxing method, bang bang bang, three punches...all evils are eliminated."

"Ahem, let me focus on your senior brother."

Li Sao pursed her lips: "My senior brother is so powerful, once the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" is released, how can anyone get close to him?"

"It's just that there are so many blood demons, there are always things he can't take care of. The little monk is also a brave man, so he immediately uses the Arhat boxing method, bang bang bang, three punches... all the monks worship."

"Ahem~ I'm talking about your senior brother."

"Senior brother, use "Dragon Elephant Prajna" to repel the enemy, but when the human strength is finally exhausted, but you see the little monk Lisao, subduing the demons and defending the way, it must be the Arhat boxing method. Each punch has the true meaning. Make Asura retreat steadily!"

"Speaking of your senior brother, why do you always carry private goods with you?"

Li Sao was very aggrieved: "Senior brother, what can I say? Once the "Hundred Eighteen Anxiety Prayers" comes out and the battle is over, there is nothing to watch at all."

"If it's wonderful, it has to be the little monk Lisao, who has practiced Luohan boxing superbly, and has not lost the wind in a hundred rounds of fighting with Yasha..."

Zen Master Lonely has long understood: this is a hint of madness.

Lichen's "The Art of Changing Career through Karma", "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", and "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers", all of them are famous and unique.

On the other hand, for Lisao, the "Arhat Fist" has been used repeatedly, which is really a bit shabby.

"You said just now that you discovered the secret cave of Shura? You also learned a supernatural power?"

Li Sao's face was calm, but the pride in his heart was beyond words: "Ang."

"It's just average."

After finishing speaking, she pursed her lips coquettishly, and looked at the sky at a forty-five degree angle.

Is the supernatural power still average?

The corner of the mouth trembled slightly when he listened outrageously on one side: tuning is never out of date.

Lonely Zen Master chuckled lightly: "You just talk about this general supernatural power."

"Hey, even though it's normal, there are some differences. The Asuras are known as the best fighters among the Heavenly Dragons and Eight Tribes. How can the supernatural power of "Thousand Hands" be said to be normal? That's quite extraordinary..."

Li Sao was eloquent, talking about the supernatural powers of "Thousand Hands", which made one side's outrageousness strengthen his determination to train.

The lonely monk also heard that this supernatural power is not trivial, and only said that the two of them had a great chance: "Okay, tell me what you saw and heard this trip in detail, and stop talking nonsense, as a teacher, I will reward you for a class that is similar to this one." A unique skill that combines supernatural powers."

Hearing this, Li Sao's eyes turned green: "Really?!"

"Speak quickly!"

"Okay~"

Now, he explained in detail what happened in the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

How to meet the blood demon group, how to be caught by the Asuras, how to rescue and discover the secret room from Lichen, how to rescue the Yixin Temple from the hands of the Yashas, ​​and how to pick the gourd.

Everything was said in detail.

When he talked about Li Chen's efforts to divert the Blood Sea people away for everyone's sake, he was even more annoyed: "The Shura secret cave that I discovered with my senior brother only mentioned the method of picking gourds, and there was no mention of 'meteor' at all." Fire forks'."

"And I have been staying with senior brother all the time. Anyone with a discerning eye can see that senior brother was wronged. It's just that the blood shadow ship was surrounded by the Blood Sea Dragon Palace at that time, so I had no choice but to admit it, in order to lure the pursuers away. So that the blood shadow ship can come back."

"I think it's the ghost of Li Can from Shuangcheng Temple."

Zen Master Lonely didn't speak, but his gaze gradually deepened: Shuangcheng Temple...the road is narrow.

PS: Thank you for the 3,000 rewards at the intersection of book friends, and relying on the wind and thunder, I will go all the way to the sky~~

PS: Thank you book friends for the 700 rewards for Confucian scholars.

PS: Thank you for the 100 rewards from book friends Ancient Navigator, Qingming is especially eternal, and the world is free and unrestrained~~

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		