

“biu~”

At this moment, there was a piercing sound.

I saw a rosary bead, like an arrow leaving the string, flying from nowhere, colliding with the javelin.

Keng~

The chain trembled wildly, but it missed its mark.

That Asura's expression became ruthless, and he secretly drew his true energy, and the chain immediately turned into a dragon wagging its tail.

The javelin shook rapidly, and the point of the spear slashed across Lichou's vitals.

If it was an ordinary person, he should have been scared out of his wits long ago.

But who is Lichou? The lunatic of Sanbao Temple.

His madness also indirectly created his fearless will to fight.

Just like at this time, facing such a dangerous situation, he chose not to retreat but to advance.

Bang!

The two soldiers meet.

Li Chou was also transformed into blood and true energy into her body, she immediately took a big step back, her energy and blood surged.

Seeing this opportunity, Asura danced the chains in his hands in a circle, and immediately put him in the middle.

Seeing that Lishou had been defeated, everyone in Shasheng Temple felt desolate.

Only the farewell and the song of departure remained calm.

Phew, there was another sound of breaking through the air.

This time it hit Asura's wrist straight.

That Asura was not easy, he had already taken precautions just now, and with a flick of his hand, he easily dodged away.

Who knew that the rosary became bigger out of thin air, as big as a jade plate.

boom!

Although the force was small, it disrupted the opponent's rhythm.

"Amitabha~"

Hearing the familiar voice, he parted with a smile on his face: "Junior brother, you are finally here."

Holding the rosary in Li Chen's hand, with a slight smile on his face, he floated from the sky.

"Brothers, I haven't seen you for two days, I miss you very much."

After speaking, he held his left hand empty, and the two rosary beads flew back in an instant.

“It smells so good~”

"Without any impurities!"

Even Lichen didn't expect that Asura was happier than the senior brothers in Shasheng Temple.

Trembling with excitement, he pointed at Li Chen: "You, come with me, and let them go!"

Li Chen smiled: "You look ugly, but you think you are pretty."

Woo~

That Ashura spewed out two white smokes from his angry nose.

With a horizontal chain in his hand, the javelin pierced towards Lichen like lightning.

Between the ups and downs of the rabbit, the others didn't even react.

When they realized it later, they saw that the javelin, which was originally extremely fierce and sharp, fell lightly into Li Chen's hands.

It's like that Asura handed it to him.

Everything is in order, without any violation.

Everyone looked at each other in blank dismay: What happened just now?

That Asura was also dumbfounded, but he quickly reacted, made a decisive decision, and yanked.

Zheng!

The chain is straight.

Um?

what's the situation?

Why can't this young monk, who looks so delicate and seductive, not move?

Must be my illusion.

Pull again!

hum~

The iron chain snapped again.

The little monk remained motionless.

But he saw the corner of his mouth slightly raised: "Benefactor, I'll go over, why don't you come here."

As soon as the words fell, I felt that the chains in my hands exploded with immense force.

One end of the chain was connected to the javelin, and the other end was connected to his waist.

At this moment, his body suddenly lightened, and the burly man of two hundred catties was dragged over like a chicken.

Li Chen stretched out his left hand, and the phantom of the flying dragon flashed past.

This palm was originally an ordinary palm, but it was pulled by Li Chen, the speed was extremely fast, and the two phases superimposed, the strength was incalculable.

boom!

Asura's body was hit to the sky like a rag.

In these short two breaths, both sides only made two or three moves, but the situation turned 180 degrees.

After one breath, that Asura fell from mid-air, and his chest was obviously sunken a lot.

There is already more air out and less air in.

[Kill Asura Centurion, killing intent increases by 100.]

Shua~

The lover was injured, and the extremely charming female Asura finally couldn't help but shot from the dark.

A bloody whip shadow just lit up from Lichen's left rear.

Before it fell down, Li Chen stretched out his left hand.

The woman only felt as if her body was being attracted by a magnet, and she was pulled there involuntarily.

Knowing something was wrong, she turned around and wanted to run away, but it was too late.

The gravitational range of "Karma Changing Jobs" is three meters.

Within three meters, the huge force is no less than a thousand catties, and there are hundreds of catties beyond three meters, and the force does not gradually disappear until five or six meters away.

And this woman is also unlucky, just at the critical point of three meters.

Being strangled by Li Chen's neck, he still looked bewildered.

"impolite."

Li Chen looked at the woman, not only was she beautiful, but her skin was also smooth and soft.

It's just that the pupils of both eyes are reddish, but it's a pity that they are not of my race, so their hearts must be different.

click~

With a slight effort, the woman's body collapsed on the deck.

There is no use value.

[Kill Asura Centurion, killing intent increases by 100.]

Asuras can gain rebirth through the red beads in their hearts, and they can also increase their strength by devouring beads.

So they have a very low view of life, and it is impossible to get words out of their mouths.

"It's a pity~"

Li Sorrow sighed lightly.

Several other people nodded one after another, it is indeed a pity.

Who knows that Lichou answered another sentence: "The Sa family still wants to have a good discussion with her."

Li Geng licked the corner of his mouth just like others didn't want to compete.

Suddenly caught a glimpse of Li Chou's innocent face: Wait, this lunatic doesn't really just want to learn from each other, does he...

After the parting, he stared at Li Chen with burning eyes: I haven't seen you for a few days, but this dear junior has become so fierce.

The method of attracting people through the air will not be shown for the time being.

Just the palm like a dragon at the beginning alone is amazing.

After thinking about it, there are only two ways to achieve it.

One is the need for congenital realm, condense true energy, visualize dragon shape.

But no matter how talented Li Chen is, it is impossible to reach the innate state in such a short time.

The other method is more ethereal in comparison.

It is said that the sword has the intent of the sword, the sword has the intent of the sword, and the palm technique also has the artistic conception.

If you understand the essence, you will be able to arouse visions. Although it is not as overwhelming as the scene of the location, it is also unusual.

Parting guessed in his heart that it is not impossible for him, his own junior and senior brother, to comprehend palm meaning.

"wasted."

Li Ge walked up to the woman and sighed softly.

After checking up and down, he murmured again: "It's the same."

After speaking, he raised the knife and fell, ripping open his belly.

A beating heart appeared in front of his eyes.

"What's the same?"

"nothing."

Take a look at Lichen Jieyu mirror.

[Junior Brother Sao, it’s the same, the structure is exactly the same, you can rest in peace. 】

[I'll burn some paper figurines of female Asuras for you later. 】


[Waste it, really waste it. 】

【Junior Brother Chen is good at everything, but he just doesn't know how to live. 】

[Such a nice woman, what can I do. 】


Li Chen was confused, so he asked, "Where is Li Sao?"

Parting with a long sigh: "Junior Brother Sao, he...was taken away."

Then recount what happened before.


"Junior Brother Sao, please be more careful in your next life."


Li Chen is speechless, the Asura clan has been saying things like 'human beings, pure blood', the purpose is probably not simply to kill people, Li Sao is probably still alive.


The two leaders, a man and a woman, died.

The other Asuras on the boat also retreated one after another.

Li Chen turned around, and recorded a small wave of Asura's body frequency with the dumb hair.

Then he picked up the weapon of the male Asura he shot dead from the ground, the chain gun.

The quality of this chain may be mediocre, but the shape is indeed a bit cool.

What pleased Li Chen the most was that when he was observing the chains, the observation idea of ​​the 'Soul-Holding Seal' turned out to be extremely fast!

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		