

The two passed Shi Jingang one by one.

At this time, the first floor of the Sutra Pavilion was brightly lit. Compared with the Sutra Pavilion outside, it was empty without a single scripture.

However, there are various stripes carved on the ground, like a formation barrier.

The obscure elder didn't lead him to go up, but walked to the middle position.

He took out eight small flags from his arms, and just chanted a spell, and the small flags scattered in all directions and inserted into the ground barrier.

hum~

A brilliance flashed, and enchantment runes lit up all over the place.

Li Chen only felt a change in front of his eyes, and he was already in the darkness.

Just when he was at a loss, a candle was lit to illuminate the surrounding scene.

This is a burrow, and the humidity blowing against the face makes people unable to help but feel refreshed. Listening carefully, there is a faint sound of water droplets hitting the stone.

Li Chen took out the Containing Light Stone from his body, and it was able to illuminate three feet around him, and when he looked around, it was all rocks.

When he was muttering to himself, he only heard the obscure Zen master say: "It is said that the ancestor Minghe was born in a blood fetus and evolved into a sea of ​​blood. There is a spring in it, which is called 'Yellow Spring'."

"This spring is under the Nine Nethernesses, and it is the bottom of the Three Realms."

"The spring water is cold, can wash the tendons and cut the marrow, and strengthen the spirit. It is a treasure that does not exist in the world."

"Thousands of years ago, Patriarch Bukong discovered this place. The cave was formed naturally. It seems to be able to condense water droplets. Using this water to wash the body, the body and spirit seem to grow. It is quite similar to the legendary water of the underworld. .”

"Patriarch Bukong suspects that this is the offshoot of the Yellow Spring, and it is the deepest secret of the Sacrificing Temple for me."

Just as he was talking, the sound of water droplets became clearer.

The two followed each other step by step, until Zen Master Huibo stood still again, Lichen turned his body sideways, and saw stone breasts knotted, surrounded by strange rocks, and the low-lying place was just a puddle of clear water.

"Water droplets converge into a stream, and there is only half a pool like this in a hundred years."

Obscure Zen Master looked at the half-deep spring, and there was a bit of nostalgia in his tone.

Li Chen glanced at the water in the pool, hey, it will be enough to take a bath by himself.

But I heard the Zen master obscure whispering: "Since Patriarch Bukong, I, the Shasheng Temple, have been huddled in the southern border, and I have rarely traveled to the Central Plains. This is actually related to the criticism of Master Kongkong."

"Now, newly emerging sects like Ghost Sect dare to provoke one or two. Hmph, I really don't know the heights of heaven and earth."

Zen master Huibo turned around, the candle in his hand was flickering, reflecting a vicissitudes of face: "You found the red lotus karma fire from the secret realm, which should be the key to deciphering Shasheng Temple's comment."

"So this century-old Huangquan is your reward."

Li Chen was pleasantly surprised, and hurriedly saluted to thank him: "Thank you, master and uncle, for your generous gift!"

Zen master Hui Mo nodded slightly: "You just need to take off your clothes and enter the underworld with your whole body, and the old monk will protect you."

After speaking, he took out seven or eight small flags from his arms and planted them in various directions of the cave.

Li Chen didn't dare to delay, took off all his clothes, and plunged into the water.

This water of the underworld is indeed miraculous, just as Li Chen entered the water, it was like falling into an ice cave, icy cold, but soon the blood and energy in his body seemed to be whipped, and quickly circulated throughout his body.

He himself is a Sotuopanna body, a body in which the four elements are all empty, and his energy and blood are very strong. After only a few breaths, the cold air all over his body has disappeared.

Another kind of tingling feeling climbed up my heart, and it really was like what Zen master Huifu said, this water can not only cleanse the tendons and cut the marrow, but also strengthen the soul.

Li Chen stretched comfortably, drank a glass of fine wine, and began to feel unwilling to be lonely.

【"Dionysus" after drinking good wine, it will run automatically and activate to speak the truth after drinking. 】

In this way, the inside and the outside help each other, the muscles and veins of the whole body are connected, the soul is intoxicated, and the soul and flesh are united.

When he was in the Sea of ​​Blood Secret Realm, "Bacchus" was already on the verge of breaking through, but at that time Li Chen broke through two realms, fearing that the foundation would be unstable, so he forcibly suppressed it.

But after this period of cultivation, there is such an opportunity at this time, but it can no longer be suppressed.

When the zhenqi was surging, Lichen simply let go of the restriction, and the whole body was rushed, and a white mist formed on his body.

Without hesitation at the moment, he went straight into the small black room and waited for a breakthrough.

Li Chen concentrated on his cultivation, and every move he made fell into the eyes of the obscure Zen master.

In the hearts of the monks in Shasheng Temple, the three monks of the Huizi generation have their own characteristics.

Elder Hui Que has a quiet personality, he least participates in things in the temple, and rarely contacts with his disciples.

Elder Huiming is anxious for public good and righteousness, and he often shows up to give advice to younger disciples, and sometimes he can pass on a spell or two when he is happy.

As for the Zen master obscure, as the head of the three elders, he naturally has a majestic temperament and is the most calm and composed.

But at this time, seeing Li Chen doing kung fu, he couldn't help being secretly surprised: this kid really has amazing aptitude.

Although the water of the Yellow Spring can only be soaked once in a hundred years, in the history of Shasheng Temple, there were a few people who had this opportunity, and Zen Master Unknown was one of them.

He especially remembered that when soaking at that time, a lot of dirt was brought up as soon as it entered the water, and after soaking for half an hour, the yellow spring water was consumed.

This is because the Shasheng Temple uses blood to refine the body, and the blood of all beasts is mixed, and is the most filthy thing, so when it meets the water of the Yellow Spring, which has the effect of cleaning dust, it will wash people thoroughly with mud and sand.

And now it has been less than half an hour since Li Chen entered the pool, but the water in the pool is still extremely clear.

Doesn't this kid have any serious ailments?

At this moment, Li Chen only felt that the true energy in his chest was full, and he was attacking several halls on his body in one go.

Within a few breaths, he cleared all the checkpoints in the sixth realm.

Acquired qi refining is the process of true qi flowing from the dantian to the whole body. When the true qi fills the whole body and reaches the outward release, it is the innate state.

At this moment in the sixth level of realm, Li Chen already felt full of true energy.

Elder Obscure's eyes were fixed, and he saw that Li Chen's body was steaming with white energy, and in the water of the Yellow Spring, his body was as shiny as jade, full of energy, obviously he had successfully broken through.

So fast? !

Looking at the true qi flowing around Li Chen's body, it seems that it has the same source as the blood-transforming true qi, but it is different.

Huaxue Zhenqi is famous for being domineering, but it is very heterogeneous. In comparison, Lichen's Zhenqi has no hostility and is more pure.

It's really weird, could it be that he had another adventure in the blood sea secret realm? The obscure elder thought so.

["Bacchanalia" breaks through the sixth realm. 】

Li Chen circulated slightly, and his true energy was indeed stronger than before.

[The "Infinite Sealing Method" and the "Water of the Yellow Spring" have been in touch with each other for a long time, and they have unlocked a special form: Xixin Pavilion. (Second floor above ground)]

【Seamless printing method

three floors

Form: Xixin Pavilion (2 floors above ground), Little Black House (1 floor above ground), Infernal Dungeon (1 floor below ground)

Personality: Baptism (Xinxin Pavilion), Reflection (Little Black Room), Torment (Seamless Dungeon)

State 1: Through a specific baptism ceremony, the spiritual wisdom can be enlightened, and a special fate can be evolved according to one's own "hobbies", "personality", and "status".

State 2: As long as you are locked in a small black room, you will conduct self-reflection, block external interference, and analyze your own attributes.

State 3: There is an endless hellfire in the endless dungeon, which will never go out. Spiritual bodies entering this prison will suffer endless torture.

Description 1: If you are disobedient again, you will be locked in a small black room.

Description 2: Leniency for confession, strictness for resistance.

Description 3: Change your mind and start a new life! 】

PS: Thank you book friends for the reward of 500 xenogeneic gluttony. It was originally a greedy species, but now it is different~~

PS: Thank you for the book friend Ancient Navigator 200 rewards, Qingming is especially eternal, and the world is happy~~

PS: Thanks to book friend 20200829121942485 for the 100 tip.

PS: Looking for collection, investment, recommendation tickets, monthly tickets~Thank you all the officials.


		