

The holy lotus finally fully bloomed.

Tender yellow stamens reveal fragrance.

The whole third floor seemed to be intoxicated by this fragrance.

Lichen is no exception.

The stairs leading to the fourth floor have already appeared.

But he still sat there, motionless.

He has a new understanding of Jing's understanding.

Quiet is the stillness of the outside world.

Tranquility is inner stillness.

And the tranquility of all living beings cannot depend on listening.

Gotta watch! Gotta smell! Gotta watch!

Avalokitesvara is so changeable that people can feel the vicissitudes of the world.

"Amitabha~"

Li Chen said the Buddha's name, and resolutely stepped on the stairs leading to the fourth floor.

fourth floor.

It has the same pleasant fragrance of white lotus and the same gatha.

As expected, the word 'quiet' was enlarged again.

Li Chen sighed, there was another layer on top, could it be the same?

Central location on the fourth floor.

There are futons and lotus flowers, and the flowers are also blooming.

Li Chen sat on the futon and entered into a state of meditation again.

A higher level of Jing than "Guanyin"?

Quiet to the extreme, what is it?

Simple voice? wrong.

If we say from bud to bloom.

This process is waiting, so before waiting.

All concentration, all concentration, all breath-holding.

What is it?

Your own wandering? wandering? Guess? neither.

At that time, my heart was calm and everything was in order.

But in the end, what is driving yourself to persevere?

Suddenly Li Chen's eyes lit up, all the prerequisites were the same.

That is knowing that the flower will bloom.

Flowers always bloom!

So, the reason to focus, to wait, to persevere is…

expect! Looking forward to blooming!

Just like myself now, I look forward to climbing to a higher level.

And what is beyond expectation?

is unknown? Still confused?

Thinking of this, Li Chen felt inexplicably irritated in his heart.

The more I think about it, the more panic I feel, and the more I think about it, the more helpless I feel.

Suddenly, a breeze came.

The white lotus swayed in the wind, and the snow-white petals fell silently.

At that moment, Li Chen's world suddenly stopped.

Everything exploded in my heart.

Whether it is unknown, confused or hesitant.

The flowers bloom and fall, and it turns out that everything is...

usually!

Look lightly at the clouds and clouds, and watch the flowers bloom and fall quietly.

Everything is predestined, so why worry in vain.

True stillness is calmness.

It's letting go, not caring, gaining and losing.

It is to maintain a normal heart!

The petals fell one after another, as if they had never appeared before.

But Li Chen's mood changed.

He was still in that mysterious and ordinary heart.

It seemed that even the rain and the wind, and the earth turning upside down, could not cause even the slightest ripple in his heart.

Don't care about everything, everything is destined.

Normal heart, so terrible.

Li Chen panted heavily, struggling to get out of that state.

After a little thought, I couldn't help sweating profusely.

He has touched the root of stillness.

Stillness is to cut off the five aggregates.

Jing is to escape into Buddhism.

Stillness is to see the truth.

clang~

clang~

clang~

clang~

clang~

this moment.

Li Chen didn't have the joy of comprehension.

I just want to escape.

Buddha.

Not as merciful as it seems.

Because love is merciless.

Great love must be abandoned, abandoning the small self, and achieving the big self.

Li Chen couldn't do it, and didn't want to do it.

If he becomes ruthless in order to become a Buddha, then he would rather never be peaceful.

Unknowingly, Li Chen developed fear of Buddha.

Looking at the stairs leading to the fifth floor, he hesitated.

At some point, thoughts intertwined in my heart, and various voices came to my mind.

Seeking Buddha? Ask fairy? Looking for longevity?

Li Chen was sweating profusely, and the true energy in his chest was surging.

A discerning person will know at a glance that this is a sign that the Buddha's heart is shaken and he is about to go crazy.

The road is bumpy, one thought becomes a Buddha, and one thought becomes a demon.

At this moment, a ray of light suddenly appeared from the Xie Yu mirror, which stabilized Li Chen's heart and soul.

[This heart does not move, the way of heaven is only me. 】

An ego.

The other is solipsism.

These eight words of Hong Zhong Da Lu made Li Chen feel as if he had been enlightened.

After a long time, his eyes regained their luster.

Whether it is Buddha or Dao.

They are nothing but two bricks to achieve eternity.

And it is always people who really build this wall, and it is always the unshakable heart.

That being the case, why stick to where the bricks come from?

For my use, do everything!

This heart does not move, the way of heaven is only me!

As long as it can help me see the road ahead, why not learn it?

After thinking through this verse, Li Chen's Dao heart became more tenacious.

He took that step without hesitation.

On the fifth floor, futons, white bottles, and lotus flowers are not there.

Only the verses on the wall are still there.

But this time, the word 'quiet' almost occupied the entire wall.

Li Chen walked to the middle.

Looking up, there is a huge bell hanging there.

Every time it rang, it meant that Li Chen had a new understanding.

clang~

clang~

clang~


Li Chen was stunned, didn't he play his cards according to the routine?

The sound of the bell was deafening, and Li Chen only felt that the whole building was shaking slightly.

He sighed, feeling powerless.

quiet.

Already no reference.

Quiet on the first floor.

Serenity on the second floor.

Avalokitesvara on the third floor.

The usual on the fourth floor.

At this point, the five aggregates can be cut off.

No more: forms, feelings, thoughts, formations, and consciousness.

Even when the Buddha came, this is also the highest level of tranquility.

In the most tranquil state, how to seek tranquility again?

The so-called great sound and rare sound, could it be that he allowed himself to comprehend the "great tranquility and restlessness" in the sound of the bell?

But the tranquility of the second level has already reached this level.

What's more, the normal mind on the fourth level has even reached the level of calmness.

Even if the sky falls, there will be no ripples in my heart.

Li Chen's thoughts drifted away, completely undisturbed by everything around him.

The stillness has reached the extreme, that is the silence of the soul.

So what is the essence of stillness? Still sound.

What is the sound? Li Chen was silent.

As he touched the slightly vibrating floor, he had a faint realization in his heart.

The sound is vibration! The sound is fluctuating!

And the bell at this time seemed to be reminding himself.

This level is no longer the sublimation of 'quietness'.

It is the root of 'quietness'!

There are obviously deafening bells around, but in his heart, everything is completely silent.

All the voices seemed to appear in his mind in another form.

fluctuation!

[You comprehended the "Music Art of Listening Truly" in the Ten Square Pagoda. 】

["The Art of Hearing Truth" has psychic potential and unlocks the advanced form: Silly Hair. 】

【The Art of Hearing Truth

Advanced Form: Silly Hair

Personality: branch, radar, social

State 1: Once the hair is branched, it will automatically unlock the sixth sense: wave sensing, which can sense all the surrounding waves.

State 2: Dumao can record the specific frequency of individuals or objects, and pay attention to it at all times.

State 3: Daimao can adjust the frequency and receive various unknown signals.

Description 1: Originally, it was the supernatural power of the unicorn of the Listening Beast, and later turned into a white tower on the other side.

Description 2: After being enlightened by the monk Lichen, the "truth of tranquility", it turned into a dull hair that never fell off.

Description 3: Don't underestimate a hair, it may be one of the few for some people. 】

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Please collect, recommend tickets, invest ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		