

Under the tumbling bloody sea, there is not only one blood dragon.

"Brother, you have to prepare early, I'm afraid this trip will not be easy."

Li Chen withdrew his questioning hand and said sternly.

All the monks were calm when the blood dragon was beaten away, but they didn't expect that there were other monsters rampant.

Being reminded by Li Chen, he was immediately stunned.

"The younger brother may perceive the origin of the other party? How much?"

Li Chen frowned: "It looks like shrimp soldiers and crab generals, blood beasts in the water, but for some reason they swarmed here, and they are not far from here."

"Blood beast in the water?"

"Could it have alarmed the Blood Sea Dragon King?"

Parting suddenly remembered something, and said in shock: "Could it be the sacrifice that King Yasha said?!"

All the monks felt that something was wrong, and hurried up: "Brother, what's the secret, tell me quickly."

The parting face sank like water, turned to Li Chen and said, "Junior Brother, do you remember the scene where I was caught by Yasha when I was waiting for a disciple of Yixin Temple to accidentally get poisoned?"

"Of course I remember, you brothers were imprisoned by them in the open space of the cottage, it was really tormenting."

"Junior brother, do you know that before you came, the Yaksha king ordered someone to smear marks on us, saying that it was to be sacrificed to the blood dragon king."

Speaking of this, Li Chen also suddenly realized: "Brother, what you mean is that the mark on your body summoned the Sea Dragon King?"

The face of parting was bitter, and there was a bit of compassion: "I think the sacrifice that King Yasha said should be here."

"The current plan is to wait for the disciples of Yixin Temple to take the initiative to jump into the sea, so as to cut off the blood dragon king's induction..."

At the same time, dozens of other disciples of Yixin Temple also said 'Amitabha Buddha', obviously acquiescing to the saying of parting and willing to sacrifice together.

Among the five Buddhist monasteries of Shasheng Temple, if it is considered the most refined practice, it must be the empty nest monastery, but if it is considered the deepest Buddhist teaching, it must be the Yixin monastery.

"Wait! These are all speculations by the senior brother, and there is no actual basis. The sacrifice should not be in vain."

Li Chen stopped the parting figure and signaled all the disciples not to act rashly.

All the monks stopped after hearing the words. After all, these are all speculations.

At this time, Li Can, who had been seldom speaking, suddenly went uncharacteristically, stepped forward and bowed: "Amitabha, the Yixin Temple has given up the small self for the big self, and has the heart of the Buddha who sacrificed his life to feed an eagle. I really admire it."

He was dressed in a white robe, without any filth on his body, like a blooming white lotus in the vast sea of ​​blood.

Li Chen frowned, this Senior Brother Li Can, he had never been able to see through, even if he took a picture with the Interpretation Mirror, the mirror was blurry.

The Mirror of Interpretation of Words illuminates the aura of the soul. If there are treasures on the body that block the soul, it cannot be seen.

But judging from all signs, this senior brother has a problem.

At the beginning, on the way to Blood Gourd Island, Li Shen was obviously the first to fight against Asura, but he deliberately concealed his strength and retreated without fighting.

Later, when they landed, the farewell party was caught by Yasha, who obviously sent a rescue signal. At that time, Shuangcheng Temple was the only team on standby, but did not send a single soldier.

After everyone turned the corner and returned to the big ship, he shamelessly inquired about the location of the blood vine, and then led someone to pick the gourd, which can be said to be reaping the benefits of the fisherman.

"Cough cough, Li Shen! You are in vain to be favored by parting brother! How dare you say such hard-hearted words."

To Li Chen's surprise, it was the Chief Li Geng of Sanbao Temple who spoke.

He was slightly injured because of the encounter with the blood dragon, and he often coughed when he spoke.

"Li Geng, am I wrong? Everyone is just trying to save their lives. Do you want me to be buried with Yixin Temple?"

"You! Cough cough cough..."

All the monks were silent, they all knew what Li Geng said was right, they had to sacrifice Yixin Temple, or they all went to see the Buddha together.

At this time, he also understood the parting, so he broke away from Lichen's obstruction and said, "Amitabha, so good."

"This matter starts with one heart, and ends with one heart."

"Junior brother, don't stop me."

After finishing speaking, he was about to jump into the sea, when Li Chen hurriedly stopped him: "Wait a minute, there is something else hidden about this matter."

He had just been using two things in one mind, asking King Yaksha in the endless dungeon, so he knew some of the ins and outs.

The Blood Dragon King doesn't like to eat drowned flesh, so before offering sacrifices, he draws watermarks on each monk, as long as this mark is there, the water in the sea of ​​blood will not touch his body.

However, there is another reason that really brought the sea of ​​blood and all kinds of blood here.

"The kindness of women!"

Li Shen snorted coldly, then made a secret gesture, and the surrounding disciples actually surrounded Li Chen.

Li Chen narrowed his eyes, the other party seemed to be prepared, did he know that he would encounter a crisis?

"Haha, Sajia's Zen staff is so lonely."

Li Chou let out a loud cry, holding a crescent shovel in his hand, and flew to Li Chen's body. His face was ferocious, and his whole body was full of vigor, which made people dare not approach him.

And Li Sao at the back was naturally not to be outdone, when he was about to jump out, he was pulled by Li Ge beside him.

The latter gave him a look, and the two silently came behind Li Shen...

Li Chen glanced around, pondered: "Brother, are you going to fight this little monk?"

Li Shen snorted coldly: "I've heard that Empty Nest Li Chen is the number one talent in the Sacrificing Temple for me, so it's a good time to experience it."

"Senior brother, the imprints painted on the bodies of the monks in Yixin Temple are not for summoning the Dragon King, but for avoiding water, and there is something else behind who attracts the sea of ​​blood."

"Stop talking nonsense, give me shoulders..."

"do not move!"

Li Shen frowned, swallowed hard, and at some point, there was a sword across his neck.

He glanced at the other party out of the corner of his eye, and his heart skipped a beat: Why did he forget them.

"Junior Brother Li Ge, the overall situation is the most important..."

Li Ge was unmoved, on the contrary, Li Sao next to him went up and gave him two big mouths, and then spat on him fiercely: "What the hell is the big picture, what the hell are you girls doing, why are you wearing such clean clothes?"

After just a few back and forth, four or five black handprints appeared on the snow-white monk's robe. Li Shen looked pale and looked at Li Sao in horror, but he didn't dare to move.

Seeing that the chief was restrained, all the disciples of Shuangcheng Temple did not dare to act rashly.

At this time, Li Zhen from Four Truths Temple suddenly came out: "The enemy is now, are you still thinking about internal fighting?!"

Before they put away their respective means of subduing demons, Li Chen suddenly shouted softly: "Here we come!"

As soon as the words fell, dark clouds gathered in the sky, waves surged on the sea, and the big boat stood on the waves, circling around.

Not long after, there was the sound of rushing and breaking water, and looking at the distance, there was a layer of mist on the sea surface, and the waves were pressing against each other.

Sea beasts are coming...

Parting also knew that it would be useless for them to dive into the water to sacrifice at this time, so he turned around and walked to the middle, and said sharply: "Array!"

All the disciples re-arranged the killing formation, but at this time the number of disciples has been reduced by half compared to when they came, so the power is naturally much lower.

Wow~

The first one to break through the water was the injured blood dragon just now. It has been lurking at the bottom of the boat, waiting for a sudden attack at this time.

The target is Lichen.

PS: Thank you for having books as a companion, Xi Gu Pani, card face to play Decade The rewards of the three book friends~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.

PS: QQ group: 530113513, welcome everyone to join~


		