

next morning.

Lichen came to the empty nest monastery for morning class as usual.

The lonely monk in the hall put down his razor.

Kneeling next to him was a young disciple with a sad face.

Appears to have just been shaved.

Seeing Li Ge and Li Chen coming, Lonely Monk smiled: "It just so happens that you are here, Li Sao, come to see your two senior brothers."

Li Sao...

I am a big grass.

No wonder this disciple has such a rich expression.

In the future, with such a dharma name, he will roam the rivers and lakes.

It must be very face-saving.

When Li Sao saw the outrageous little monk, he immediately showed fear.

Obviously, the training effect is remarkable.

"Master...brother!"

The outrageous monk smiled and nodded.

[Brother's achievement. 】

Li Sao let out a long sigh of relief, and turned to look at Li Chen beside him.

I couldn't help but be surprised when I saw this guy:

Long eyebrows into the temples, rhinoceros skull and jade cheeks.

His eyes are like fire, and his talents are soaring.

Hmph, it's just a waste of skin.

He had already heard about this blood test, only two people survived.

One is himself, who has mastered the "Blood Transformation Scripture", a dragon born and a tiger fierce, and he can be called a genius player.

The other, that is, the cheap second senior brother, was said to be dying when he came out, and it was a fluke to survive.

At the same time, Li Chen was also looking at his junior brother.

With thick eyebrows and big eyes, a wide mouth and square nose, he has a bit of an angry King Kong demeanor.

"Dare to ask the divine monk's Dharma name?"

"The name is Lisao."

puff~

As Li Chen thought about it, Li Sao's face had already been reflected in the Xie Yu mirror.

[What's the use of being handsome? 】

[It's just a good-looking piece of trash. 】

[Don't recognize you as a senior brother, don't you have nothing to do? 】

The guy is crazy.

Appearance is justice, don't you understand?

He has not yet realized that being polite is the prerequisite for living in Shasheng Temple!

I'm afraid there will be a lot of suffering in the future.

Li Sao was still complacent.

As everyone knows, this scene has already caught the lonely Zen master and the outrageous monk in their hearts.

The mirror of Xieyu turned, and the face of the outrageous little monk was first reflected in the mirror.

【Junior brother Li Chen can't be like me, a senior brother who can handle tasks with ease. 】

And the lonely monk also felt turbulent.

[Li Sao, you still need more experience. 】

[Give him a challenging coursework, the beginning and the end are fine. 】

Zen Master Lonely didn't intervene too much, but instead said, "You are the ninth generation disciples of Shasheng Temple."

"I hope you can watch and help each other in the future, and practice for the rise of the Shasheng Temple."

"Follow the master's decree."

"Make Shashengsi great again!"

Li Chen added a sentence.

The lonely monk was very satisfied: [This disciple loves the temple very much and is worth cultivating. 】

After morning class.

The Lonely Zen Master asked the outrageous little monk to leave on his own, leaving Lichen and Lisao behind.

He looked at the two disciples in front of him and said:

"Both of you are recovering well, and you can practice on your own."

"But before that, I want to talk about the way of practice."

"My generation has its own differences in cultivation."

"The day after tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, the interior scene, the exterior scene, asking questions, proving the way."

"Refining qi the day after tomorrow, exposing the true qi of the whole body can be cultivated into stellar qi, reaching the innate state.

After congenitally condensing the Gang, the Gang Qi enters the heart, which can lead the celestial phenomena into the bosom and reach the realm of inner scene.

The realm of inner scene accumulates the seeds of celestial phenomena, making the celestial phenomena appear outward and forming the appearance of external scenes.

After the outside scene, you can ask the sky, and if you get a response, you can get the supernatural power of asking.

Reaching the realm of asking questions is already the pinnacle of this world.

Afterwards, the Ascension to Enlightenment was even more illusory. "

"The "Blood Transformation Manual" is a high-grade method for training Qi. If you devote yourself to it, you will be able to cultivate to the innate level, and you can evolve the method of condensing the gang. This basic method is enough."

"It's just that the practice pays attention to both internal and external training, internal training of true energy, external training of bones."

"Both are indispensable."

"My empty nest monastery has a total of three disciplines of body forging, which should be the first in the monastery."

"The three unique skills are all extraordinary."

"The first one is called "Xiantian Boy's Art", which is a top-ranked divine art.

This skill is both internal and external.

It's a pity that the cultivation conditions are extremely harsh.

From birth, eminent monks have to dredge the meridians, and plant a little innate qi in the womb in the dantian.

From then on, it needs to be nourished with Xiantian Zhenqi every day, without interruption until the Xiantian Zhenqi grows on its own.

Gradually grow.

Straight across the postnatal realm, starting from innate.

Practicing this skill, the meridians and root bones are naturally carved, not stained with mortal dust, and different from mortals.

No matter what kind of martial arts, you can come at your fingertips. "

"The two of you are old and have missed the training time. I think you have nothing to do with this method."

Hearing this, Li Chen's heart moved.

The practice of this technique is so harsh, it requires not only the body of a newly born boy, but also daily washing of the scriptures and marrow with innate true energy.

Then think of Senior Brother Outrageous, who is only in his teens now, but already has extraordinary strength.

Especially when he is full of true energy, he is extremely domineering.

Could it be that he has practiced this "Congenital Boy Skill"?

The lonely monk held his rosary and continued:

"The second one is called "Blood Clothes Sutra", and it is also a high-grade cultivation technique of the mysterious level, just like the "Blood Transformation Sutra".

Use blood to forge body and transform blood.

When practicing, you need to bathe your whole body with blood.

Melt the essence into the blood with a secret method.

If things go on like this, it will be able to be reborn from the outside to the inside.

When performing the exercises, his whole body was red, as if he was wearing a blood-colored armor.

Invulnerable to swords and guns, hard to hurt by water and fire.

Not afraid of spiritual power suppression.

It is not much better than the "Golden Bell Cover" in Dajingang Temple.

The speed of practicing this method is related to the blood of the body.

The higher the quality of blood, the better the effect of cultivation.

In addition, if you practice "Hua Xue Jing" at the same time.

The two are one inside and one outside, and the entry is faster.

If you reach the wonderful state, you may be able to comprehend the supernatural powers of the blood ancestor.

When practiced to great success, it is like a body protected by a celestial gang, invulnerable to all dharma.

No less than the divine power of the earth rank.

However... This method of practice is prone to hallucinations, disturbing people's minds.

Only those who have great concentration can practice. "

Li Chen said in his heart: Evil sect skills are cost-effective, but they are not stable.

He glanced sideways at Li Sao.

Sure enough, this guy's eyes were shining.

It seems that some can't hold back.

The lonely monk saw all this, and silently calculated in his heart.

"The third door is called "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", which is a heavenly secret method.

It is the divine skill of protecting the Dharma of the Tibetan Esoteric Buddhism in the ancient Western Regions.

The dragon's power is the greatest when traveling in water, and the elephant's power is the greatest when traveling on land.

Therefore, it is used as a metaphor for those who practice bravely and have the greatest ability among the Arhats.

Every time one level is practiced, the power of one dragon and one elephant will be added, and what is being done is the method of "proving the Tao with strength".

It should be the most profound of the three books. "

Seeing the two disciples really moved, Zen Master Lonely paused at this point: "It's just..."

"This technique goes from shallow to deep."

"As a teacher, there are only fragments of the first three floors."

"The first level of kung fu is simple, even a person without martial arts talent can master it in one or two years if they practice step by step.

But the more difficult it is to practice, the longer it takes, and the time spent on each subsequent layer is twice that of the previous layer.

The second level takes three or four years, the third level takes seven or eight years, the fourth level takes fifteen or sixteen years, and the fifth level takes thirty-two years...

If you want to practice to the thirteenth floor, it will take thousands of years if there are no special circumstances. "

"As for the three-layer fragments in my master's hand, I am afraid that I can practice them to the acquired perfection at most. Once I enter the innate, I need to find another body training method."

"You two can only each..."

Before the lonely monk finished speaking, Li Sao hurriedly stood up: "Master, I choose the "Blood Clothes Sutra"!"

snap~

Dawei Tianlong~

A big golden slap came out suddenly, and it was eight feet away from Li Sao.

"Noisy."

[Dare to interrupt Lao Tzu's speech and beat your shit out. 】

Li Chen silently wiped his sweat.

Junior brother, you have just been able to get off the ground, and now you are going to lie on the bed again.

It's seamless.

Sure enough, if you don't show good manners in Shasheng Temple, you will die in an ugly way.

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		