

In the Killing Forest, the trees shaded the ground and the ground was full of shadows. For Li Chen, it couldn't be more convenient.

With just a flash, he appeared behind a big tree.

There was no sound during this process, and the surrounding beasts naturally didn't notice anything.

Hiding behind a tree, Li Chen peeked out.

I saw a group of sika deer leisurely nibbling on the green grass under the tree, and in the middle of the deer group, there was a giant deer, obviously taller than the others, it should be the king of the deer group.

It stomps its hooves lightly, turns its ears from time to time, and has a pair of sharp antlers on its head, making the threats around it afraid to act rashly.

Even though Lichen didn't make any sound, it seemed to be alert.

【...There seems to be something abnormal...】

The sika deer's ears turned in the direction where Li Chen was, which was probably the animal's sixth sense.

Li Chen's eyes lit up: what a steed.

Use the shadow to start changing directions constantly, confusing the other party's perception.

Slowly getting closer and closer to the deer herd.

Finally he stopped in a big tree above the deer and held his breath.

The deer king listened carefully and found nothing unusual, so he shook his head.

[Illusion? or the wind? 】

It was confused by Li Chen's operation just now, and finally let down its vigilance.

At the moment it lowered its head to eat the grass.

Li Chen suddenly fell from the sky, a heavy pendant, just riding on the back of King Lu.

Lu Wang only felt his body sink, and it was too late to react at this time.

In an instant, the herd of deer scattered and the mountains roared.

The Deer King rushed out like lightning, and walked through the woods, shaking his head desperately.

But Li Chen pressed the antlers with both hands, clamped the belly of the deer with his legs, no matter how hard it struggled, he would not let go.

He has the supernatural power of the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra", and the repulsive and gravitational body protection of "The Art of Karma and Elephant Transformation". Does this deer king want to get away? impossible.

Seeing that Li Chen was sticking to his body like a dog's skin plaster and couldn't get off, King Deer became angry. He found a giant tree and slammed into it.

Here comes the good guy self-harm attack.

He had seen with his own eyes a sika deer in the Killing Forest smashing a big tree.

He didn't panic at the moment, he just twisted his body and spit out his body lightly. Sure enough, the deer king slapped his weak leg.

[... so much strength! I can't take it anymore! 】

snap~

Finally couldn't stand it any longer, and fell to the ground.

Li Chen sat on the back of a deer without getting up. "The Art of Beast Control" said that one must be patient when taming animals.

When you let go of it and it doesn't even want to go, you can let it return to its heart completely.

Thinking of this, he didn't think about it, he raised the wine gourd on his waist and took a sip.

Immediately, the aroma of wine overflowed, and the aroma was tangy.

The red honey wine itself is a rare good wine in the world, and it has been stored in the gourd for a long time. At this time, it has been cellared for no less than seven or eight years.

The taste is sweet and mellow, refreshing, this wine should only be found in the sky, and it is rare to taste it a few times in the world.

[So tired, so tired...huh? smell good! 】

[If you give me a sip, you will be satisfied even if you stew me. 】

Li Chen was taken aback: I am an alcoholic, and you are also an alcoholic~

Fate~

Immediately, he stretched out his hand to move, and the wine in the gourd condensed into a thread in a short while, and got into the mouth of the Deer King.

suck~

Lu Wang's eyes lit up, he licked his tongue, rolled up the wine, rolled it in his mouth, and swallowed it down his throat.

Gudong~

Sweet and delicious, the lips and teeth are fragrant.

The big tongue quivered on the lips.

Baji~

【This thing is too delicious...】

【One more bite~】

Li Chen smiled in his heart: Little clever ghost.

With a stretch of his hand, another line of wine entered his throat.

[This smell... absolutely amazing! 】

[I feel like I can't live without it. 】

[Or just resist a little bit, half-pushed and half-satisfied. 】

Seeing this, Li Chen smiled in his heart, jumped off the Deer King, turned around and walked out of the Killing Forest.

The deer king behind him was stunned.

[He... doesn't play cards according to the routine! 】

【I'm the Deer King anyway, don't you want to lose face? ! 】

[High or low, give me a step down. 】


Can it resist the temptation of red honey wine?

When Li Chen took a dozen steps, he heard the sound of 'da da' footsteps behind him.

puff~

The deer king snorted and followed up, licking his face.

[If you lose face, you will lose face. Anyway, I won’t mix this film in the future~]

Li Chen patted Lu Wang on the back, turned over and sat on it.

【Ride me, I can’t ride for nothing~】

Thinking this way in his heart, it really was another line of wine.

The deer king was overjoyed, and just when he was about to stick out his tongue, the wine suddenly made a circle and passed around its mouth.

"Hurry up~"

【Okay~】

Shua~

With four hooves flying, a deer shadow passed by in the forest.

Exactly: When you see a deer in the forest, you meet a confidant in wine~

Although this deer king is a drunkard, the speed is indeed unspeakable.

It should be the best among spirit beast mounts.

The plum blossom spots on its body are each the size of a copper coin, and they are laid out flat without stacking.

At first glance, it looks like a plum blossom falling down.

Let the wind blow away and let the wine get drunk.

Li Chen patted it on the back, and said with a smile, "From now on, you'll call it 'Piao Ling'."

[What a bad name, it hurts just to hear it. 】

[Unhealthy and unlucky. 】

At this time, a line of wine came to the mouth, and the tongue rolled, the beauty was very beautiful~

[Today, the Heavenly King Laozi is here, and I am also called Piao Ling! 】

"Piaoling, don't stop!"

"Hurry up~"

Xilulu~

Like white snow, like plum blossoms falling.


The next day, early morning.

Outside the killing temple.

The golden sunlight shines on the mottled walls, and the thousand-year-old steps flow through the vicissitudes of life.

The breeze is coming slowly, blowing the hem of the clothes to linger.

Zen Master Lonely stood in the center of the mountain gate with his hands clasped together, in front of him were Li Chen and Li Sao, one on the left and one on the right.

His face was clear and handsome, and he seemed a little worried, so he sighed: "It's been half a year, if you inquire slowly, you will always find the right owner."

"If you find it, I will send a message for the teacher."

Lonely Zen Master pursed his lips, looked at the rising sun in the sky, and said leisurely: "Do you still remember the Ksitigarbha Cave on the Colorless Mountain?"

[Women are poisonous, junior brother, have you been poisoned to death? 】

The corner of Li Chen's mouth twitched slightly: This is the rancid smell of love.

He took out the Beast Control Card from his bosom, and stretched it out in the air, and the Deer King Piaoling appeared in front of him.

yo yo~

The four hooves step lightly, and the horns of the head are tall.

But I saw white spots on its body, like snow white, like plum blossoms, tall and tall, even more like a horse.

Zen Master Lonely's eyes lit up: "Good mount."

Before he could make a few more comments, he heard humming and chirping sounds in his ears.

Lonely Zen Master had an ominous premonition, turned his head slowly and saw a big wild boar under Li Sao's crotch with its nose arched, and it was chaotically arching.

Brother, are you really serious?

The mount actually chose a wild boar...

Li Sao's face was full of pride: "Ahem, the first time I entered the Killing Forest, I was chased by it for ten miles."

"Since then I swore, I must conquer it, ride it, let it scream in my crotch!"

After speaking, he slapped the wild boar's buttocks.

"Pick up your butt for me~"

Aww~

ps: Favorites, recommended tickets, monthly tickets, investment

7017k




		