

These four people are very polite.

The voice just fell.

The four of them swung their sticks almost simultaneously.

The movements are uniform and in no particular order.

Can't say it's the same, just the same.

Li Chen didn't panic.

Step on the seven-star step backwards.

Pass the first blow.

Unexpectedly, the four stick shadows are like gangrene attached to the bone.

And entangled at the same time.

Li Chen used the "Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" method of seeking Buddha, but only escaped three of them.

Hit by the fourth.

I just feel a pain in my waist.

The "Cause and Effect Changing Career Tactic" works immediately.

The quadruple attack went underground along Li Chen's body.

Bang, bang!

Li Chen took two steps back before turning to attack.

Huh~

Li Sao, who was tied to the plum blossom stake, couldn't help closing her eyes when she saw this scene.

Four wounds in one blow.

As long as you get hit once, it's basically over.

I blamed myself: This is considered to be a drag on Lichen.

Who knows when you open your eyes.

Li Chen was still as usual.

Really dropped my jaw.

He wasn't the only one who was surprised.

In the martial arts arena, all the monks also had the same expression.

I thought that this little monk should suffer a lot after losing several people in a row.

Who knew that when he was swept by the Buddhist scriptures stick, his expression remained unchanged after four times the attack.

As if the quadruple attack was nothing more than a spring breeze to him.

Of course, the most shocking thing is the departure of the instigator.

He himself is a brother of the Three Treasures Buddhist Monastery.

Because of his outstanding aptitude, he was promoted to the Discipline Hall.

It's bad luck to provoke such a little monster.

As soon as he thought of this, he looked at Li An, the fat man next to him, with a sad look.

This guy said at the beginning that Li Chen had only entered Shasheng Temple for two months.

Basically a piece of trash.

Did he have a misunderstanding about the waste wood?

The more I think about it, the angrier I get.

He raised his leg and kicked the dead fat man hard.

The dog said.

It hurt me a lot.

Li An was so frightened that he didn't dare to take a breath.

I was already crying in my heart: I offended the two ancestors at once.


Li Chen felt the damage from the quadruple attack.

He secretly reckoned in his heart that if two people hit him at the same time, that would be eight times the attack, it would be more difficult for him to resolve it.

And the twelve-fold attack of three people should have suffered some minor injuries.

The sixteen-fold attack by four people is absolutely impossible to resolve safely.

With the first lesson.

Li Chen became more and more careful.

Never dare to take it lightly.

Had to keep dodging.

In a blink of an eye, the two sides were already fighting hard.

You come and go, no less than twenty rounds.

The other four moved in unison.

But it attacked from four directions at the same time.

Seeking the Buddha's body method is indeed mysterious.

But you can't avoid them all.

In the shadows of sticks, Li Chen's figure began to stretch out from left to right.

Suddenly his heart moved.

Reflect the faces of the four people with the interpretation mirror.

Sure enough, the words that appeared in the mirror were all the same.

【one two three four……】

It turned out to be counting?

Li Chen's understanding is amazing, and he guessed in an instant how the four of them could connect with each other.

After all, "Learning the Sutras" was born out of "The Secret Book of Journey to the West".

Each avatar of the incarnation outside the body is transformed from the main body, and they can naturally communicate with each other.

So even if you use different exercises and moves, you can double the effect.

Unlike the supernatural powers of the incarnation outside the body, the quadruplets are independent individuals after all.

The reason why they can achieve 'communication of mind' is only because of tacit understanding.

So just disrupt their rhythm.

The formation can break without attack.

While he was thinking hard.

The four brothers suddenly pointed towards Lichen at the same time.

Li Chen was shocked.

Use your body skills and feint.

But only two of them were avoided.

The other two sticks hit his back at the same time.

hum~

Li Chen no longer dared to be distracted.

The strength of "Cause and Effect Changing Job Jue" is divided into two parts.

Eightfold attack.

Suddenly.

Li Chen shook his arms.

His feet had sunk deeply into the soil.

Forcibly withstood eight times the attack.

The body is overwhelming.

If it weren't for the breath of true anger in his mouth, he probably wouldn't be able to suppress it.

Huh~

The monks were in an uproar.

"Eight times the power is nothing at all?!"

"This kid is simply a freak!"

"Is the inheritance of the empty nest monastery so magical?"

"What do you know? After all, the empty nest monastery was once superior to other monasteries, so how can the inheritance be underestimated?"


In the Daxiong Hall of Shasheng Temple.

Arrangements are being made for the opening of the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

The head of the five courtyards and the elders all end here.

There is a water mirror in front of each head seat.

They are respectively connected to the five Buddhist temples.

And in the water mirror of Sanbao Temple, the duel in the martial field is being reflected.

This scene quickly attracted the attention of the monks.

For a while, I watched it with gusto.

The first Chan Master Jiran of the Four Truths Chanyuan broke the calm: "The formation of the Three Treasures Chanyuan is indeed marvelous and incomparable. Even if you are shocked, it is difficult to break the big waves."

He said this intentionally to push back, but no one answered.

Only the head Chan Master Ji Mie of Sanbao Chanyuan thought deeply.

He was secretly depressed when the refuge to the Three Treasures Formation was easily deciphered just now.

At this time, seeing the sutra learning formation displaying its supernatural power, it can be regarded as sweeping away the shame.

"Junior brother, the prize is too high. After all, the scripture learning array was created by the ancestors. As long as one is hit, there is no one in the same level who can bear it."

He said with certainty that he already had a faint chance of winning.

But who knew that in the next second, Li Chen was really hit by a stick.

Not waiting for Ji Mi to be happy.

However, he saw that the opponent resisted the blow abruptly.

Unscathed.


Zen Master Huiyuan, the elder of the Jiansi Temple, couldn't help but marvel: "I see this son, his body is full of vigor, and it seems to be able to dissipate the external force received by the whole body."

"It should be the extremely difficult technique of the Lonely Nephew, no doubt."

Zen Master Lonely was originally worried about his disciple's safety, but he was secretly relieved when he saw him resolve it easily, so he replied, "Uncle Master, Huiyan."

"It's the "Cause and Effect Changing Career Tactic"."

"Hiding the root of wisdom in the dusty body, I suddenly realized this method in just one day."

When the monks heard this, they were all amazed.

They also all know the name of "Karma Changing Jobs".

But very few people can practice it.

At this time, Ji Mie didn't take it seriously, and shook his head with regret on his face: "It's a pity, it's a pity, although the unique knowledge is mysterious, it still can't break the scripture learning formation of my Three Treasures Temple."

He was full of pride.

Not without provocation.

Looking at Zen Master Kong Nest, he saw that the other party had no expression on his face, and his eyes were only fixed on the competition in the field.

Silence suddenly felt dull.

I saw that Lichen in the field shook his attack eight times.

But suddenly found that when the two monks hit him.

The long stick had a brief stagnation.

It wasn't until the two of them got out that they became tacit understanding again.

Although it's just fleeting.

But Li Chen's eyes lit up, and he finally thought of a solution.

The formation of the four monks learning Buddhist scriptures is certainly powerful.

But after all, it is impossible to communicate with each other like an incarnation outside the body.

Before, I was afraid of the power of the formation and blindly dodged, but fell into the rhythm of the opponent.

It is thus more difficult to be proactive.

How to talk about the method of cracking?

I made up my mind.

See the moment.

Give up dodge and defense directly.

Suddenly facing the four stick shadows, he stretched out a palm desperately.

Four thanks!

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious year of the tiger, the tiger will be mighty ~ Gong Xi Fa Cai ~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		