

Li Chen finally stood still, waiting for the Blood Dragon King to continue.

The blood sea world was created by the patriarch Styx's enlightenment. For some reason, the rules of the small world have gradually weakened for hundreds of millions of years, and now it can no longer withstand the power of the five innate realms.

If another millennium passes, perhaps this world will really shatter itself.

The Blood Dragon King let out a long sigh, with a sad tone: "Since the founding of the Blood Ancestor (Minghe Patriarch), the Sea of ​​Blood has experienced thousands of years of vicissitudes."

"Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva came here to preach, and use the supreme Buddha Dharma to transform our heavenly dragons and eight tribes."

"One day group, two dragon groups, three yakshas, ​​four gandharvas, five asuras, six garudas, seven kinnaras, and eight mahorakas."

"The members of the Eight Tribes protect the Dharma for my Buddha and continue Zen Buddhism, which should be regarded as an indispensable contribution.

After experiencing the chaos of blood demons, the world finally showed strange signs, and there was a hidden tendency of weakness. Therefore, the Buddha bestowed eight treasures and handed them over to the eight tribes of Tianlong to strengthen the foundation of each ethnic group.

And left a verse: eight to eternity.

After the Buddha passed away, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva was instructed by the Buddha to save the lives of the common people before the death of Sakyamuni and the birth of Maitreya. "

"Several times of reincarnation, several times of vicissitudes, I don't know how many years.

The eight tribes of Tianlong have their own encounters, some are broken into the void, some are taken away by the power, and the eight treasures fall one after another. "

The Blood Dragon King's tone was low and his expression was sad, showing a bit of a hero's twilight.

"Until five hundred years ago, there were only Cangqiong Gai, Dinghai Pearl, Wuying Knife and Meteor Fire Fork, four treasures to suppress luck."

"Eight to four, but the law of heaven is ruthless, and it makes things worse."

When the Blood Dragon King said this, he snorted coldly.

Lichen proclaimed the Buddha's name, and heard the complaints, which must be related to Shasheng Temple.

Sure enough, the Blood Dragon King continued: "The Shasheng Temple is the inheritance place of the Blood Ancestor and Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. It is understandable to enter once every hundred years to extract resources. In a hundred years, the reincarnation of the world can make up for it."

"But about three hundred years ago, an egg of a blood-winged black mosquito was brought from the outside world. This insect is a wild species. It has sucked the blood essence of countless monks for good fortune. Even saints have been darkened. The most evil thing in the world."

"After it hatched in the sea of ​​blood, it really didn't change its temperament, and it fell down and killed the blood creatures, so that the world's reincarnation did not progress, and it gradually declined."

"Among the Eight Tribes, Asura is fearless and has the most vicious temperament. Knowing that one of them is imprisoned, he wants to get rid of him."

"The blood-winged black mosquito itself doesn't have much power, let alone the Asura tribe who are the best at fighting among the eight tribes, so they encountered a devastating blow from the Asura tribe at the beginning.

However, although this blood-winged black mosquito is not deep in Taoism, it can absorb the essence of blood with innate supernatural powers, and even saints cannot prevent it.

However, the Asura clan could not eliminate the evil, but was targeted by the blood-winged black mosquitoes, and they were frantically retaliated against.

The Asura clan was exhausted, and under the ebb and flow of each other, they became weaker and weaker day by day. In the end, the Asura Cavern became a training place for blood-winged black mosquitoes.

Until two hundred years ago, the supreme treasure of the Asura clan, the 'Shadowless Sword', had been lost since then. "

Li Chen secretly thought: Asura has become a petri dish for the blood-winged black mosquito, and the person who took away the Shadowless Knife may be related to the person who let the blood-winged black mosquito come in.

The Blood Dragon King let out a long sigh, then pointed to the pawn in front of him: "Do you know where this formula comes from?"

Li Chen shook his head.

The Dragon King slapped the table, and said bitterly: "A hundred years ago, a monk traveled through half of the sea of ​​blood with his body and came here.

I used this incomplete chapter to lure me to relax my vigilance, and then took the opportunity to steal the sky cover, one of the eight treasures. "

Mentioning this incident, the Blood Dragon King's face was slightly angry, and his eyes were gloomy: Young people don't talk about martial arts, and they don't have chess skills.

A hundred years ago?

Holding the rosary in Li Chen's hand, he was thinking in his heart: the monk mentioned by the Dragon King of the Blood Sea is most likely Master Ji Ding.

Nearly a hundred years ago, the eighth generation of disciples entered the sea of ​​blood. Unexpectedly, the blood shadow ship at that time was damaged, so most of the disciples failed to go to sea.

It is very likely that Monk Ji Ding used some means to infiltrate the Blood Dragon Palace and met the Blood Dragon King at that time.

Thinking of the monk who lazily studied chess records, how could he jump into the sea of ​​blood and travel so far?

It is true that people cannot be judged by appearances, and sea water cannot be measured.

The Blood Dragon King took a deep breath to calm down, he seemed really angry.

"Until not long ago, I Ding Haizhu suddenly sensed that there seemed to be a change in the Meteor Fire Fork..."

Speaking of this, the Blood Dragon King suddenly took out the Dinghai Pearl, and saw that the pearl shone slightly, as if he had sensed it.

Li Chen's heart tightened: there was an ominous premonition.

Sure enough, the next moment, a dragon chant resounded through the world.

But the Blood Dragon King stretched out his dragon claws and grabbed Li Chen, his eyes were fierce, as if he wanted to eat Li Chen.

"You shameless monk, that Meteor Fire Fork has left this world! How dare you deceive me!!"

Li Chen was overjoyed when he heard the words, it seems that everyone has already left the secret realm of the sea of ​​blood, so there is no need to hesitate now.

Using the technique of praying to the Buddha, he kicked his feet, and his body retreated a few feet, dodging the attack of the Blood Dragon King.

"The bald donkey doesn't have a single good thing!"

The Blood Dragon King's face was gloomy, and he shouted loudly: "Tied up."

I saw a blue light rushing out from his hand, and in the middle of the sky, it turned into a ferocious flood dragon, opening its bloody mouth and biting towards Lichen.

It is much more powerful than the carp marshal before.

This Chi Jiao is not afraid of strength, if Li Chen had been caught before, he would definitely be caught again.

But at this time, he already knew the way to crack it, and he didn't dare to neglect it, so he stretched out his hand and slapped the gourd for a while.

A line of cherry red wine crossed the sky and was entering the mouth of the dragon.

During this period of time, there were many fights in Lichen, and the smell of red honey wine became more intense, which is worthy of the fine wine here.

For a while, there was a burst of wine fragrance in the storm pavilion.

Sure enough, as General Sha said, when the wine enters the throat, the dragon will lose its fighting spirit, and it will be soft before it flies close.

The Blood Dragon King's eyes widened, and he couldn't believe the scene in front of him: How did this kid know the weakness of the dragon?

Without thinking too much, Li Chen has already summoned the Ascetic Nuclear Boat and galloped away.

The Blood Dragon King snorted coldly: "You still want to run? Heh, you probably forgot where this is?"

Before he finished speaking, he turned into a blood shadow, which broke out of the water one step earlier than Li Chen.

Aww~

A powerful grab reached the front door, Li Chen frowned, but he didn't panic, and used the "Cause and Effect Transformation Art", and the gravitational and repulsive forces of the great transformation pulled each other, forming a distorted force field.

The Blood Dragon King was powerful, but suddenly he felt that there was a pull in his hand, and the blow he was sure to hit fell in the empty space.

He became even more angry in his heart, and with a wave of his big hand, the sea waves suddenly rolled up into a vortex, rushing straight towards Li Chen.

Li Chen saw that between the sky and the earth, the sea and the sky were the same color, and a swirling water flow, wrapped in energy, rolled up the wind and waves, and came straight to him.

Li Chen was startled, even though he was several zhang away, he could already feel the power, and he didn't dare to be negligent, so he threw out four palms in succession.

The water flow just kicked up a few waves, and the momentum was even more powerful.

Suspicious in Li Chen's heart, he took a closer look, and on the vortex, the Dinghai Pearl was spinning, the sky and the earth were vast and bright red, and there was only this little bit of snow white that touched the heart.

Li Chen saw it in his eyes and felt very kind: this thing should be related to the monk.

PS: Thank you for the 500 reward from book friend Ling Zuofang de Xiaoxia, you should be nostalgic when you wander, and a knight should be self-improvement~~

PS: Please collect, invest, recommend tickets, monthly tickets~ Thank you, all the officials.


		