

[The killing intent increases by ten strands. 】

A monster, add ten points? !

The Blood Sea Secret Realm is indeed a treasure.

It's a pity that the killing intent was not triggered.


All the disciples boarded the big ship one after another.

About 400 people participated in this trip to the Blood Sea Secret Realm.

After a while, only about half of them were still on the shore.

After witnessing the ferocity of the crab monster just now, many disciples already regretted not redeeming the boat ticket.

"The storm at sea is evil."

"You guys should be lucky."

"Amitabha."

After Li Zhen finished speaking, he nodded slightly to Li Chen, and said loudly to the crowd: "Is there anyone else on board?"

"Have!"

The sound actually came from where the big crab was just now.

I saw a figure, holding a knife and cutting up the huge crab.

Seeing that person's appearance clearly, Li Chen smiled knowingly.

As expected of Senior Brother Li Ge.

He couldn't help but recall that in the Killing Forest, the bear beast was also dismembered by Li Ge until there was nothing left.

People who talk less.

There are many things to do.

Soon Li Ge got out of the crab monster's body.

In one hand he carried a pair of large pliers.

There are still a lot of snow-white crab meat hanging on his body.

Some reluctantly looked at the wreckage on the ground.

[Unfortunately, I can't take away the armor. 】

Seeing that Li Chen had no intention of boarding the boat, he didn't say much, but gave him a firm look: "Take care."

Li Chen nodded heavily.

"Take care of yourself!"

If it is said that he, Li Ge and Li Sao are from the same family.

It is like-minded with parting.

That and Li Ge are life and death brothers.

There may not be much to say between the two.

There is also little contact on weekdays.

But at critical moments, you can be desperate.

Perhaps this is the resonance of human nature.

With the last two people boarding the big ship.

Woo~

A melodious horn sounded.

Crash.

Rows of iron oars extend from both ends of the big ship.

Iron oars into the sea.

Add fuel to the flames.

Facing the strong wind, the big ship slowly sailed away from the shore.

This time, the Blood Sea Secret Realm was led by the chiefs of the four Buddhist monasteries.

Except from the truth.

Farewell is the head of Yixin Temple.

Li is the head of the Sanbao Temple.

Only Lichen, the chief of the Shuangcheng Temple, has never dealt with Lichen.

As for the empty nest monastery.

There are three disciples in total.

Outrageous is the earliest entry and the highest practice.

Naturally it is the chief.

But the cultivation base is too high to be able to enter.

It is also helpless.

Li Chen watched the big boat leave.

When he turned around, the blood on the ground just now had been swallowed by the sand.

It's like nothing happened just now.

Once entering the sea of ​​blood, one can only seek good luck for oneself.

With a thought in my heart, I summoned the ascetic nuclear boat.

It turned into a rainbow and escaped into the sky.


The ascetic nuclear boat sails through the wind.

The obscure Zen master once said.

This boat has its own magic.

It will not stop until the other shore.

It's a long road, and it's hard work.

Li Chen passed through the clouds, and his eyes suddenly became dark.

It was actually a blood moon in the sky.

Scattered red light.

The whole world is covered with a cruel color!

Li Chen sat back in the black tent before drinking a glass of wine.

Then put out the lotus posture to subdue the devil.

With both hands pinching Luoye fingers, he began to secretly practice the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

The "Cause and Effect Transformation Art" has already memorized the "Lotus Sutra" by heart.

It has a question and an answer with the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

When you realize the Tao, the golden light shines on your body with a "bass, babble".

The efficiency of cultivation is naturally extremely high.

Especially in recent days.

He already faintly sensed the opportunity for a breakthrough in "Dragon Elephant Prajna Technique".

"Dragon": "If you don't add knives, you can't hurt poison."

"Cause": "If someone curses, the mouth will be closed."


"Dragon": "Sell meat to make a living, show off women."

"Because": "If you are like this, don't get close."

A golden light came to him.

Muscles trembled all over his body.

Inexplicable feeling between bones, flesh, tendons, and membranes, there is an inexplicable itching out of thin air.

"Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" is the supreme exercise method inherited from Tantric Buddhism.

Practicing this skill can not only increase strength.

It can also grow the root bones, wash the tendons and cut the marrow.

So now Li Chen feels that his whole body is abnormal, which is a sign that the divine skill is about to be accomplished.

In the Blood Sea Secret Realm, there is no distinction between day and night.

The ascetic nuclear boat shuttled quickly.

I don't know the geometry has been crossed.

The road ahead is still bleak.

But Li Chen was about to break through.

I saw him still in that demon-subduing pose.

Looked motionless.

But when you get closer, you will find that all parts of his body are turning slightly.

Sweat boiled on his head.

Turned into a white mist cover.

It's never as easy as it looks.

Suddenly his face turned red, as if he was opening the entrance.

His body crackled like popping beans.

The film shakes faster.

As if about to break out.

Roar~

He didn't open his mouth.

But a dragon roar sprang out from his body.

in an instant.

Stratus undulating.

The breeze stops.

Li Chen was shocked.

Beads of sweat on his body evolved into nothingness.

I just feel that my chest is beating more powerfully.

The surge of qi and blood became more majestic.

The strength of the whole body seemed to break out of the body.

Swinging a punch out of thin air seemed to split the void.

The third layer finally broke through!

Feel the rolling force on your body.

Li Chen couldn't help howling at the sky.

The cry is ten or ten breaths and it does not stop.

At this moment, he already has two thousand catties of strength on his body.

With physical strength alone, he may be invincible by nature.

But after the day.

There are more spells.

It's hard to eat by strength alone.

Besides... "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" only has the first three layers of scriptures.

If you practice later, you can only change the formula.

Li Chen thought about it.

"Linglong Mind Scheming" can restore wisdom in the small black room.

Then the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" doesn't make sense.

Without any further hesitation, he locked it directly into the small black room.

["Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra" has been locked in a small black room, and it will seriously reflect on its own problems. 】

In the exercises that Li Chen is currently practicing.

"Bacchus" was born out of "Blood Nerve".

For the fundamental avenue.

Even before entering the Blood Sea Secret Realm, they broke through one after another.

It is already the third level realm.

Even Zen Master Lonely praised this speed.

Throughout the history of Shasheng Temple.

Can match this speed.

There are only three people.

It was followed by the "Dragon Elephant Prajna Sutra".

It is an excellent exercise method.

Has also entered the third floor.

With a strength of two thousand catties.

Except for both.

"Cause and Effect Changing Career Jue" is a method of contingency.

"Hundred Eight Worry Prayers" is the method of subduing demons.

"Linglong Mind Scheming" is the method of imperial weapon.

All three are icing on the cake.

Now it has reached the bottleneck.

And Xiao Heiwu's "Infernal Sealing Method" is a big melting pot.

It is neither a fundamental law nor a contingency technique.

But it can enter gaps without gaps.

The key to cracking all kinds of spells.

Li Chen thought for a while, and threw them all into the small black room.

["The Secret of Changing Jobs by Cause and Effect" was locked in a small black room, and I began to reflect on the problems I encountered recently. 】

["Hundred Eight Troubles" was locked in a small black room, and I began to reflect on the problems I encountered recently. 】

["Linglong Mind Scheming" was imprisoned in a small black room, and began to reflect on the problems he encountered recently. 】

It's over.

comfortable.

As long as there are spiritual skills, they can be thrown into the small black room.

Thinking of this, Li Chen was suddenly taken aback.

Then... can I go to the little black room to reflect on myself? !

PS: I wish all readers and friends, auspicious and prosperous Year of the Tiger~~~~~Gong Xi Fa Cai~

PS: Favorites, recommended tickets, investment ~ Thank you, all the officials.


		