

The blue light between Lu Fanchi's fingers did not dissipate, he asked the assassin on the ground, "Who are you? What do you mean?"

"I have to admire you..."

The fake wooden fish answered irrelevant questions, looked at Su Sheng and Xiao Que'er who were gradually approaching from behind, began to chew something in their mouths, opened their mouths to bite, bloodshot eyes slowly emerged.

"Thinking to commit suicide?"

Lu Fanchi grabbed the fake wooden fish's chin with one hand and squeezed it open, but it was too late. While struggling, the assassin showed a very strange smile and died in Lu Fanchi's hands

It's a pity that Lu Fanchi couldn't ask one more word from this population.

Immediately afterwards, he found the peace agreement from the fake wooden fish. With this, when he arrived in Yuguo, he would find another opportunity to hand it over to King Yu, so he had a reason to sneak into Yuguo.

Thinking back again, just before the fake wooden fish was about to die, it didn't look like it was caught, pleaded guilty and committed suicide, it was more like hiding it under vigilance.

Lu Fanchi continued to search the corpse, he felt a part of the clothes, it was very stiff to the touch, obviously there was something inside, but it was just sewn up.

He pulled it out with all his strength, took out a stone seal, and flipped it to the bottom of the stone seal. The word "Xuan Nu" almost scared him out of his wits, and he quickly put it in his arms. At the same time, he also knew why the assassin was alert.

Fortunately, my back blocked the sight of Su Sheng and Xiao Que'er, so I didn't see it.

"Let the boatman deal with it."

Lu Fanchi frowned, and looked up at the sky, could this mysterious girl be staring at the sky? The assassin seemed to have just recognized himself.

"Brother Lu, I want to ask you the spell to restore the skin just now..." Su Sheng couldn't help asking.

"It's related to the exercises I practiced. Don't worry, it's not evil exercises." Lu Fanchi hid Su Sheng's sight with a smile on his face, and was about to leave.

"Brother Lu, who are you?"

"I'm also from Yuguo..." Lu Fanchi didn't look back, and walked straight. If he stayed a little longer, Su Sheng would question him more.

Back to the wing.

Lu Fanchi lay on the bench and thought, could it be that Xuannv is not the only one who has planted people in the mortal world? If so, is it Xuannv who sent assassins to assassinate the envoys, take away the peace agreement, and cause the chaos between the two countries?

Didn't he just ruin Xuannv's plan, Lu Fanchi suddenly felt chills down his back.

It seems that this peace agreement cannot be handed over to King Yu, otherwise Xuannv would not be able to escape if she knew the existence of the peace agreement.

While Lu Fanchi was feeling melancholy, the girl next to him was also full of doubts.

Xiao Que'er sat up and asked, "Are you really from Yu Country?"

"Yeah, otherwise why bother." Lu Fanchi stared straight at the ceiling without turning his head to face the girl. He didn't even know which country he was from, so he would say whoever he met.

"Hmm...why didn't you check the register at first, but then you suspected the fake wooden fish in the end." Xiao Que'er asked.

"Before Su Sheng appeared, if I had used the register, no matter how I searched, my suspicion would be infinitely magnified, and in the end I would only choose between Su Sheng and the fake wooden fish."

In fact, Lu Fanchi began to suspect from the moment the fake wooden fish opened the door, but he was not fully sure. If he turned around and took the register at that time, without the condition of soul-transforming water, the fake wooden fish would probably make up random things and throw away all doubts. It was pushed to Su Sheng who had not yet appeared.

And he would naturally lead him by the nose, but fortunately Su Sheng was a nosy and proud young man.

As for why the fake Muyu reported his identity as a Yuguo person on the deck, it was naturally to replace the fake Muyu's identity and let everyone know that he was the Yuguo guard Muyu, so he disembarked as an assassin at the next stop on the way.

If you keep hiding it, even if you don't find it, the boatman or Su Sheng next door will smell it one by one.

Discovery is only a matter of time.

What the fake Muyu didn't expect was that Lu Fanchi came out halfway, and in order to keep quiet, he naturally entered Lu Fanchi's room.

Xiao Que'er, who was puzzled, got up and walked to the chair by the window, looking at the scenery outside the window, her eyes gradually became dull.

Lu Fanchi also looked at the girl, with her entire face lying on her arms, a few strands of black hair hung down her delicate and round face, and her legs were slowly shaking under the chair.

"That... Lu Fanchi... what are those jet-black things?"

"what?"

Lu Fanchi walked to the window, his eyes followed the sky that the girl pointed to.

Not far away, sporadic figures gradually approached, and at the next moment, there was a cold light in the figure, which made Lu Fanchi tremble with vigilance.

"Get down!"

Lu Fanchi pressed Xiao Que'er's head, lying on the ground, a flying sword in the figure suddenly turned into a giant sword shadow on top, covering the entire sky.

For a moment, the boatman thought it was night, but when he looked up, he saw a huge sword covering the sky and the sun, and fell from the roof of the boat.

A flying ferry was cut in half by a giant sword in the blink of an eye. The people at the bottom of the cabin were still laughing and laughing, and they were all shocked.

Cultivator Feng Linggen made a formula to control the wind in mid-air, while the other monks shouted for flying weapons.

The monk who had neither of them was like a thing that fell from the sky, and the miserable sound of struggling howled in the sky.

"How to do how to do!"

At this time, under the two halves of the hull, the two of them also lost weight and fell into space.

Xiao Que'er wobbled unsteadily, tightly grasping Lu Fanchi's arm.

"What else can I do, I can't fly."

Lu Fanchi gritted his teeth and bit his lip, pulled up the little sparrow, and stepped on the fallen ship planks, gathering his spiritual energy on the soles of his feet, one by one, jumping up like a rabbit, drawing a blue arc.

Going deep into the desperate situation, Lu Fanchi knew that this was a powerless struggle, he was suspended on the top floor, looked down, the wreckage of the ferry was far away, only the scorching sun was shining above, and there was no longer a foothold.

The two howled for a moment.

In an instant, a cold light flashed, and the sword energy pierced through the air and buzzed.

Su Sheng stepped on the eight-foot sword, his waist was low, and he grabbed the fallen Lu Fanchi with one hand.

Lu Fanchi reacted quickly and made a sound, and he handed Xiao Que'er to the sword. The pale-faced Xiao Que'er held the sword tightly and climbed up by himself.

Su Sheng's face was ferocious, and when his body sank with the weight of his hands, Lu Fanchi was pulled up with amazing arm strength.

"Huh! Huh... much.. thanks."

Lu Fanchi swung his foot under the sword, his body and mind seemed to be suspended on the ladder, jumping up and down quickly, the thrill of weightlessness paralyzed his nerves.

Xiao Que'er trembled as if she had lost her soul, and curled up on the sword, not daring to stretch out her hands or feet outside the sword.

"My red reed can't support the weight of three people. There are trees in front of me. I stopped there first." Su Sheng put his hands on his back and looked straight up. If he didn't have a young face, he would look like a fairy from a distance. old man with bones.

Lu Fanchi was unable to respond, and nodded.

It was just among those figures.

The white-haired old man with yaksha face said in a low voice: "In this way, the peace talks between Yuxuan and the two countries will be invalidated."

And the young man on the side wore a smiling face mask. He stretched out his hand and counted the people in the air, and said, "Hey, what about those who can fly? Don't you chase them?"

The white-haired old man said: "Forget it, just look at it from a distance, don't reveal your identity, what I want is the life of Yu Guo's envoy."


		