

Wu Yu tightened her folding fan and slapped her palm, she was quite astonished, but she still calmly asked, "General Qingping's Chu clan?"

Wu Tian didn't believe Lu Fanchi, and shouted: "Fart! General Chumen, you look like a dude!"

Lu Fanchi sneered and said, "Three brothers, can you follow me to the Chu family?"

Wu Yu was a bit suspicious in her heart, if Lu Fanchi was fake, she could just kill him, but if it was true, once there was a estrangement between the Chu family and Chu Muqing, her own master would blame him, but neither side would please.

In front of Lu Fanchi's swearing, Wu Yu had no choice but to raise his voice and said: "If the young master is really for the Chu family, I will apologize, but Meihuakui is the chosen one and must go with us."

Lu Fanchi knew what Wu Yu meant by "the chosen one". He looked at Mei Han and remembered the medicine man in the dungeon, but he didn't dare to imagine the woman in front of him turning into a medicine man.

Before their identities are confirmed, these three people must not dare to kill easily, but with the Chu family soldier amulet, they can guess their surnames by themselves.

Lu Fanchi should think more about who is able to let these three people come to Jingfeng Building to snatch people. Could it be that Fang Daoquan has become so rampant that he snatches people in public?

Lu Fanchi said: "Take it away? No, Mr. Wu didn't hear clearly just now? Miss Mei is my sweetheart, so you can go with you casually? It doesn't matter if I keep her tonight! Let me come, not the three of you grabbing here!"

Wu Yun was calm and composed, but in fact he couldn't stand Lu Fanchi's unscrupulous intimidation. He slapped his fan and said, "I'm here? My lord, don't regret it, after two days! If I come in person, I hope you can bring the Chu family to attend, and let's try it out. Who will Miss Han get! How about it!"

"Of course, when the time comes, I'll be here waiting for the beautiful woman to come into my arms." After finishing speaking, the three of them left in a hurry. Before they could step out of the lintel, Lu Fanchi shouted again, "Wait a minute! Has Mr. Wu forgotten something?"

Wu Yu turned around and looked at Lu Fanchi's complacent but unable to close his mouth. He knew what the other party was going to do, but he couldn't hold back his anger anymore, and cursed: "You bastard, don't go too far!"

Lu Fanchi laughed and said: "Hey, 'Master' said that people should treat each other with courtesy when they are outside. Could it be that Mr. Wu violated the orders of the master?"

"Ufa! Wutian!" Wuyu yelled through gritted teeth, suppressed her resentment, and said, "Apologize to Miss Mei!"

Mei Han was startled in awe, and saw Fang Daoquan's three senior disciples bent down facing her. She, who was almost killed just now, didn't dare to do anything wrong, and lowered her head slightly.

Watching the three of them leave the Jingfeng Building, everyone in the room breathed a sigh of relief, but Lu Fanchi didn't. He was always tense. Maybe this was the only starting point. If you can't do it, everyone is longing for "ascension to immortality", and you have already been stunned. The person who can wake up is not himself, and it is definitely not Chu Muqing. There must be a solution once and for all.

Su Ran interrupted Lu Fanchi's thoughts, and said, "My lord, although I don't know what you are thinking, but the Chu family will not be able to attend in two days, what should I do?"

Lu Fanchi said: "Don't worry about this..."

Mei Han also came over at this time, embarrassed, and choked out two words: "Thank...thank you."

Lu Fanchi smiled and said: "Thank you? Mei Huakui, this is not like you who are arrogant and domineering. Does it mean that you won't be afraid of death if no one puts a knife on your neck?"

Mei Han frowned, and said in a little girlish manner, "Are you educating me?"

"Today's matter is an unintentional act, saving you is just a matter of convenience." Lu Fanchi was about to leave immediately, stopped and said, "Everyone can envy your face, praise you for your beauty, and admire your literary talent, but they will never tolerate you without humility." .”

The girl behind her drooped her brows and eyes, her eyes turned red as she changed from her usual obsequious attitude.

Afternoon the next day.

In the ancestral hall of the Chu family courtyard, under the ancient phoenix vine, a man with white hair at the temples, always raised his eyebrows from time to time, looking at the flaming and gorgeous fallen leaves with emotion.

The man has two sons, who left one after another when they grew up, and have never seen each other since.

The man, like Chu Muqing, was born with a strong sense of rebellion. He was born into the Chu family and did not join the army.

Lu Fanchi stood in front of the door, looked at the man, could not bear to disturb him, and silently passed behind him.

In the hall, under the plaque of "Natural General", the spirit seat of the surname Chu was burned to pay homage.

A young man stood in the hall, looking back at the uninvited boy.

The young man asked: "Who are you, do you not know that this is the Chu family?"

Lu Fanchi didn't hesitate, and took out his military amulet.

The young man said in shock: "This...uncle's soldier talisman! Where did you get it!"

Lu Fanchi said: "Down to Lu Fanchi, this soldier talisman was given by Chu Muqing. If you told me to ask for something, I came to the Chu family."

Seeing this soldier talisman, the young man also said respectfully, "Chu Xiang, Uncle Mu Qing gave you this token... there must be his intentions, but you went to the wrong place, you should go to prison Long Changcheng, go find the Chu family army."

Lu Fanchi also wanted to go to the Chu family's army, but it was only two days, so abrupt and complicated, so he went directly to him.

Lu Fanchi said: "Brother, there is an urgent need right now, that's why I came here, why don't you listen to what I have to say first."

Chu Xiang pursed his lips as though he was unwilling, and looking under the ancient vines of Phoenix, the man nodded slightly, and said, "Go ahead."

Lu Fanchi said: "Two days later, can you attend Jingfeng Tower with me... help."

Before he finished speaking, Chu Xiang immediately frowned and said: "Jingfenglou? So you are the one who argued with Wuyu in Jingfenglou! The news came out this morning, and I wondered who came out of my Chu family, no! "

Lu Fanchi couldn't just turn back for nothing, and said: "If you don't want to, that's fine, then find someone who is willing."

Chu Xiang's eyes were not on Lu Fanchi in front of him, but on the man in the courtyard. The man still nodded and conveyed his meaning to Chu Xiang again.

"I'll go with you."

Lu Fanchi also turned his head, looked at the man with doubts on his face, turned back and said, "Thank you very much."

Wait for the boy to leave.

Chu Xiang walked into the courtyard, looked at the man with a sad face, and asked, "Uncle, why?"

The man smiled sadly, and said: "Your uncle's cultivation base is completely useless, and he has stayed in the prison dragon Great Wall and dare not come out. Death, the fact that this young man came here with a military talisman means that your uncle values ​​this young man very much, and maybe he is about to wake up again? Just follow the young man, and when the time comes...bring more people."


		