

"Active attack?"

"right."

Muyu couldn't understand Lu Fanchi's intentions, there were more than a hundred people on board, if something happened suddenly, it would cause monks from all walks of life to encircle Yuguo's envoys.

Even if Lu Fanchi is extremely powerful, it is impossible to protect the envoys under the siege of the whole ship.

Lu Fanchi continued to ask: "Which room is the envoy in?"

"This..."

Muyu was a little hesitant, but Lu Fanchi had a plan in his mind, maybe he had a clever plan, he said lightly: "A wing room."

"What are you talking about!" Lu Fanchi suddenly got up from the bench, thanks to the fact that Muyu had a little brain just now, and shouted, "Including you, there are a few guards in total."

Muyu didn't speak, but slowly raised two fingers.

"Little bird! How long has it been since we took off just now!" Lu Fanchi asked the girl in the corner.

Xiao Que'er's heart skipped a beat, and he hesitated, "About... half an hour."

"Stay in the room and don't go anywhere!" Lu Fanchi pointed at the girl and instructed, then opened the door and ran.

Muyu was in a fog, not knowing what happened, but still followed Lu Fanchi.

"What's wrong?"

"No! It's too wrong! It's been half an hour since the robbery, and the robbers haven't come to do anything. The envoy may have been killed."

"Why did you say that?" Muyu grabbed Lu Fanchi and stopped in the corridor.

"Tsk, are you a pig brain when you are a robber, Class A room! Didn't you just tell the robbers that the envoys are inside, and you have two teams in the sky and the ground, even if there are robbers in both places, Fuyang Valley can't wait for a day!" There are more than a dozen boats going back and forth, why is it this boat?"

Feeling helpless, Lu Fanchi put aside the wooden fish and continued to run.

"You mean, there are traitors?" Muyu followed behind.

"I'm just guessing..."

Lu Fanchi didn't dare to say any more nonsense, all of this was just deduced from Muyu's dictation.

The structure of the ferry boat has a total of three floors. The bottom cabin is the big room for ordinary monks. The middle floor is where monks of the same level as Lu Fanchi live.

As long as there is a high-level monk among the robbers, it is a breeze to directly assassinate the envoy.

The footsteps of the two of them clattered in the hallway.

The passengers in the room looked out of the window without knowing why, and did not ask too much. Everyone pretended to be reserved and shut out the disaster.

In front of the door of the Wing Room A.

After knocking on the door twice, Mu Yu coughed and asked tentatively, "Envoy Li?"

After about a few breaths, there was no response from the door, and the wooden fish kept repeating movements.

Lu Fanchi noticed the strangeness, but he was tense at this moment, and the unanswered wing had already told him that his deduction was correct.

He pushed the wooden fish away and smashed open the wooden door.

The sudden stench from the two mummified corpses in the room made Lu Fanchi's stomach churn and he vomited slightly.

Muyu looked away from the mummy on the central chair, and shouted: "Envoy Li!"

"What the hell, how long has it been dead, it smells so bad."

Lu Fanchi covered his mouth and approached slowly, and carefully inspected another giant mummy on the ground. From the clothes and the long sword next to it, it was obvious that it was another guard.

The two mummies are exactly the same, like old trees and dead wood, they will melt when touched.

Lu Fanchi didn't understand how the corpse became like this, he looked around, except for the two mummified corpses, the chairs, tables, windows and the vases next to it were intact, without a trace of fighting, not even the breath of spiritual power.

The two of them almost rotted in place and died silently. Could it be that this assassin could be invisible. Of course, this is not surprising to Lu Fanchi. After all, monks can fly, let alone invisible.

Mu Yu searched for Li Envoy for a long time, and then walked around the cabinet next to him. He said anxiously: "The agreement...was taken away."

"It's too late to find out, if you said it earlier, maybe in time." Lu Fanchi was also very helpless.

"Once the news is sent back to Yu Country, the war between the two countries will continue." Muyu clenched his fists tightly, his knuckles thumping.

Looking at the sky outside, Lu Fanchi suddenly thought of the monk flying against the wind in Fuyang Valley, and asked, "Didn't this robber fly away?"

Mu Yu also looked outside and replied: "This...maybe."

Just when the two were silent, a sharp voice came from outside the door.

"Won't!"

The two were immediately attracted by the strange voice outside the door.

The man outside the door stretched out half of his feet, slowly revealing his whole body. The man was wearing a blue Taoist robe and carrying a sword box. He looked about the same age as Lu Fanchi, and his eyes showed a bit of unruliness and a little pride.

"Are you eavesdropping?" Lu Fanchi didn't know what to do. Although this person didn't look bad, an invisible sense of oppression came over him.

"Don't blame it, it's an unintentional move. I'm taking a nap next door, and I came here without smelling it." The young man leaned his back against the door, yawning non-stop while crossing his arms.

"Who are you?" Lu Fanchi continued to ask.

The young man clasped his hands in salute, and said politely, "I am a disciple of Shennong Peak of Zhenyang Gate, Su Sheng."

"Under the Muyu." After the Muyu saluted, he turned to the window.

"Lu Fanchi..."

Lu Fanchi looked at Su Sheng with his eyes. Those who can be in the Class A wing room have a higher realm than themselves, and they look like they are dressed up like a Taoist priest.

I heard about Zhenyangmen when I was in the Lu family. It is a sect that has existed for thousands of years in the land of Shenzhou today.

But just smell it? It means that before opening the door, there is no smell from the house?

Lu Fanchi stood up and asked, "What did you mean when you said that the robbers would not fly away?"

Su Sheng didn't respond, he took out a copper plate from his bosom, put his spiritual power on it, and flung it away with all his might.

The copper plate was close to the railing outside, and when it flew into the air, it seemed to hit the wall and immediately bounced back into Su Sheng's hand.

"On every ship of the Lunxian League, a ban is placed to prevent non-flying monks from falling, and they can't get out if they go to the sky." Su Sheng said while playing with the copper plate in his hand,

"Furthermore, except for the monks with wind root roots who can fly against the wind and my unique swordsmanship at Zhenyangmen, other monks with spiritual roots can only rely on flying treasures."

Lu Fanchi paced back and forth. According to Su Sheng, the assassin should still be on the boat, but he had too few clues, and it was too difficult to find the assassin on the entire ferry.

Su Sheng, who was at the side, also walked into the house, leaned in front of the mummy, waved his hand in front of his nose and sniffed it, his eyes gradually darkened, and said solemnly: "My dear brothers, I'm afraid the robbers you encountered were not simple."

Lu Fanchi turned around and asked, "How to say it."

Su Sheng pointed to the mummy and said, "It would take a long time for an ordinary corpse to become like this, but if you use Soul Transformation Water, just two drops can turn the corpse into a dead wood."

Mu Yu leaned closer and asked in amazement, "How did you know it was Soul Transforming Water!"

Su Sheng raised the corner of his mouth slightly, and said arrogantly: "I just said that I am a disciple of Shennong Peak of Zhenyangmen. I smell the smell of this kind of herbal water every day."

After listening, the clues in Lu Fanchi's mind were put together like fragments, and he also smiled: "Maybe... I know where the robbers are."

"Where is it?" the two asked in unison.


		