

Lu Fanchi took a closer look! Obviously an old drunkard! Where is General Changwei!

Chu Muqing gulped down the wine, coughed heavily as soon as he drank it, choked his chest full of water, raised his hand and poured wine into his mouth again, coughed while drinking, his face turned pale but there was no trace of blush, it was sickly white! A wretched and coughing old alcoholic.

After a drink, Chu Muqing was full of energy, crying like a six-year-old child, shouting, "Baby! No more wine!"

"No." The boy handed another jar to the thin man.

Lu Fanchi's face gradually calmed down, and he accepted Chu Muqing's thin and weak appearance, but he still wondered in his heart, is this the one who has won every battle and killed the third-level Chu Muqing?

At this time, the teenager seemed to come to visit the left-behind old man.

"Baby! What's your name?" Chu Muqing was not drunk, as if her voice was in such a high tone.

"Lu Fanchi..."

Chu Muqing thought about it, and said in his mouth, "Good name! Fanchi Fanchi, fall into Fanchi, your name suits the general's appetite!"

"Are you really Chu Muqing?" Lu Fanchi still didn't believe it.

Chu Muqing gave the young man a disdainful look, stood up suddenly, and shouted: "Chu Muqing! It's me! Come! A long spear will set the battlefield, Chu Muqing is invincible!"

Then Chu Muqing leaned close to Lu Fanchi's face again, and said flatly, "I'm not Chu Muqing, who else can I be? Baby, why are you talking so much, why don't you take a bite too?"

"I don't know how to drink! Would you like to tell me how you became like this, shouldn't you be like that? Prestige?"

Lu Fanchi really didn't know how to drink, almost never touched a drop of alcohol.

Chu Muqing joked: "Lu Wa, you want to know? All right, take a sip and I'll tell you."

Lu Fanchi took the wine jar with a muffled sip, full of breath, and hurriedly waved his hand and handed it to Chu Muqing.

Chu Muqing sneered and said, "You are really cute, but it's a pity, I won't tell you, sir."

"Hey?"

Lu Fanchi stretched out his fist angrily, and swung it straight at Chu Muqing. Seeing that Chu Muqing didn't dodge, the young man hit his chest hard.

boom!

The strength of the young man's blow was not strong, almost a fist that a child could take, and Chu Muqing was beaten back dozens of times by that punch, and fell to the ground staggeringly.

Lu Fanchi was panicked, and hurried to help Chu Muqing up. This person who was above the third level of mental state was punched by him so hard that he couldn't fight back?

Chu Muqing pushed Lu Fanchi away, simply sat on the ground, and laughed at himself: "If you push harder, Chu Muqing will die."

"General Chu, you also..."

Chu Muqing frowned, and said with a smile, "What? Too useless? Too insensitive? Hmph, Lu Wa, you can say whatever you want."

Lu Fanchi got up helplessly and said: "General Chu, Uncle Chu! I came here to ask you to do something, forget it now, I'm looking for another expert."

"Wait!" Chu Muqing seemed to have something to say, he also stood up and said, "Lu Wawa, you don't know etiquette, I do, I can't drink your wine for nothing, what are you talking about?"

Lu Fanchi's eyes lit up, he turned his head and said, "Fang Dao..."

Chu Muqing's ears perked up, and when he heard the first two words, he immediately waved his hands to see off the guests: "You go, I can't beat you."

Lu Fanchi was so angry that Chu Muqing was playing tricks on himself, and said angrily, "I thought Fang Dao was a bastard. I didn't expect you to be a bastard. The bad things he did are better than you, a bastard!"

Chu Muqing laughed for some reason, shook his fingers and said with a smile: "Hey, you are impatient, I know what you said, Fang Daoquan, he has made great contributions, and he has done a lot of bad things. He treats the people of Yuguo like nothing, but so what? I To tell you the truth, I hate him too, but now I don't even have the strength to pick up a spear."

"What does General Chu mean?"

Chu Muqing was embarrassing, but he seemed reluctant to part with Lu Fanchi's audience. He was very eager for someone to listen to him vent his anger. Thinking back to him who had no one to relieve his boredom in the past few years except delivering meals, he couldn't hold back for a long time. Stuffy, always in the middle of the night, like a wild cat going crazy.

Chu Muqing said softly: "This general tells you, don't spread it! This is related to Yu Guo's army."

Lu Fanchi raised two fingers and said, "General, please tell me, I swear that I will never spread it."

"Have you heard about the three monks who died in my hands to train their minds?"

"You lost?" Lu Fanchi asked suspiciously.

"fart!"

Chu Muqing turned around with his sleeves turned, raised his eyes and said, "The Chu family in Yuguo has a large number of soldiers, and the Taoist heart passed down from generation to generation is called 'Changwei'..."

In Qingping City, the ancestral hall of the Chu family, a thousand-year-old phoenix vine has been sheltering here all year round, protecting the next generation of young Chu family members and bestowing Dao Xin.

The young Chu Muqing is different and a genius. He does not teach family traditions, but he consciously realizes the Taoist heart: "Eternal Gong"

A monk walks in the heart of the Tao and respects the heart of the Tao. Chu Muqing fights on the battlefield, and every victory nourishes his heart of the Tao.

Famousness comes from success, and Chu Muqing's prestige is gained through practice, and the aura of dominance rises in Chu Muqing's heart.

Those monks who came here especially for their names, and those signed life and death certificates, were hung on the wall by Chu Muqing.

This is to tell the world, Chu Muqing! second to none!

The three monks who cultivated the third level of mental state were brothers from the same sect, and they had visited successively in the past three years.

In the first year, as a junior, Chu Muqing didn't even have the desire to raise his spear, so he cut off his neck with one hand.

In the second year, it was the second senior brother, Chu Muqing was a little interested, and threw a spear from the Great Wall, piercing the man's chest.

The third year, big brother! It is also worthy of the name of the big brother, at least survived three palms.

With the first palm, Chu Muqing shattered the elder brother's heart and fell into the Bone Refining Realm.

In the second palm, the senior brother lay on the ground with broken bones, leaving only a piece of human skin.

The third palm, the separation of human soul, everything is clean and neat.

Lu Fanchi asked doubtfully, "It's over? What about later?"

Chu Muqing patted the dust off his clothes, sat down and sighed, "Later, the master of his third brother came to the door."

"You haven't played?"

Chu Muqing sighed again, and hurriedly said: "He didn't do anything at all, he just said a word..."

"Said a word? You became like this? Immortal?" Lu Fanchi sneered.

Chu Muqing took a deep breath and sighed: "Mortal! A mortal without spiritual roots."

Lu Fanchi wondered, "A mortal without spiritual roots?"

It was snowing heavily that year, and the "Master" held his old body with a wooden stick and shouted under the prison dragon Great Wall: "General Chu! How dare you turn back!"

No matter how many arrows were shot at him to warn him, "Master" resolutely shouted in the heavy snow.

General Chu didn't want to kill him, and let the "master" go.

In the second year, the "master" came again, and with the same words, Chu Muqing turned back to him several times in a fit of anger, making fun of the other party, but the "master" remained unmoved.

Chu Muqing frowned and smiled wryly like a hero, and said, "But that old man plotted against me!"

That day he really turned back on the way forward,

In the tomb of his deceased father, the corpses of the Chu family army piled into the mountain, and he was the one standing on the top of the mountain laughing wildly.

But in front of him is an inexhaustible enemy army, below are monks climbing the mountain of corpses, and in the distance there is an endless territory.

Chu Muqing, who couldn't stop, stopped here at this moment.

Chu Muqing burst into tears: "My mother's heart is broken."

"One will succeed and ten thousand will die?"

"Then the old man came again in the third year, and I killed him. After that, my state became worse every year. I was afraid that others would find out, so I hid here and waited for food every day. That old man! , Turn me into a beggar!"

Lu Fanchi laughed wildly with Chu Muqing, and after the wild laughter, he became calm again.

The young man sympathized with the old drunkard, and only the famous old drunkard remained.

But Lu Fanchi didn't know how to empathize, he didn't understand that Chu Muqing's heart was broken just because of a single sentence, and he was devastated.

Chu Muqing asked, "Lu Wawa, why do you want to bring down Fang Daoquan!"

"Kuang Fu humanity!"

Lu Fanchi concealed the mystery of Xuannvjiao, and then revealed his plan. Chu Muqing twisted his long beard, and wanted to laugh at the boy's innocence.

Chu Muqing said: "If I am a lonely ghost returning from the battlefield, then Fang Daoquan is Shura. If you can't fight him with humans, you can beat him if you come here and find a ghost?"

Lu Fanchi laughed and said, "If you can't beat a ghost, you're looking for a ghost!"


		