

Sound like a tiger.

The bald man who was holding down Lu Fanchi with all his strength shook the entire East City, but with this sound, he felt a surge of aura and was bounced away a few steps.

The people around were afraid of Lu Fanchi, and avoided a circle in fear.

"Didn't you hear? I said, it's over!"

Lu Fanchi roared again, and the finger in his hand was not hidden in his sleeve as usual, but exposed!

It means to hit if you want to hit, don't bully the girl who has already left the house of death.

In the carriage, Mei Han lifted the front curtain, first stepped out with snow-colored slender legs, and another man consciously stretched out his palms to support the oiran who was walking down barefoot.

The oiran of the Jingfenglou, who had a pitiful and painful appearance, calmed down indifferently when he saw Lu Fanchi.

Mei Han said, "My lord, do you want to use force?"

Lu Fanchi raised his head and asked back: "You want to fight me?"

Mei Han couldn't help but lowered her eyebrows and smiled. For so many years in Jingfeng Tower, she expressed her love with a pipa and wrote "The Phoenix Singing in the Flower", which is famous in Yuguo.

The big show in the boudoir admired her face, and the literati and poets called her stunning, and whoever saw her didn't see her for the sake of seeing her face, and whoever didn't want to compare with her in poetry and lyrics.

Tournament? Lu Fanchi was the first.

"It was the Nu family who lost, but if the young master insists on fighting for the limelight, the warriors under the Nu family can fight against him." Mei Han said confidently.

"Come!"

Lu Fanchi was not upset at this time, but he was not fighting for the limelight, he wanted to win the inferiority complex in Fan Qing's heart, and he wanted to take it back into the mouth of the woman in front of him.

"Young master...me."

Fan Qing's mind is very pure, she will learn what the disaster government teaches, and she has heard the truth since she was a child that she must be punished for making mistakes. Letting her son recite it is no longer the treatment that a servant boy should have.

But this little idiot didn't expect that Lu Fanchi didn't treat her as a servant boy.

"Don't worry, just wait for a while, don't run around." Lu Fanchi touched the little man's round head, then turned around and pointed, and shouted, "Together?"

Under the provocation, the two men seemed to be furious, and they both raised their huge swords, one sword reflected red, the other reflected green.

In mid-air, the two swords merged, and the green and red swords rolled up in a hurricane and descended.

Lu Fanchi was furious, and to avoid it was to retreat, so there was nothing to be afraid of when he was immortal.

I saw the young man leaping forward and escaping into the wind, a strong sense of tearing came from his arms, his sleeves were torn apart by the wind blade, and a sword was drawn on his face.

Regardless of the pain, he flicked into the green and red swords with two fingers.

The spiritual energy from the spirit pill in Lu Fanchi was completely released, and it was broken out with one finger, and spider web cracks appeared on the blade of the sword in an instant, and it was shattered into pieces by the shock.

The two men were stunned. The two huge swords were made of black stone, and the sharp blades could break five hundred catties of solid stone.

But Lu Fanchi exchanged his wounds for his two swords, and the force of his fingers snapped them apart.

Now that the two men lost their giant swords, they seemed helpless, but this was exactly what Lu Fanchi thought.

The boy with tattered skirts shouted angrily: "Come on!"

Lu Fanchi looked at the two of them, seeming to choose again.

Then he made a move first, stepped briskly, leaped high above the bald man, aimed his finger at the forehead, when he was paying attention, changed his gesture, and flicked his finger on the bald man's head.

The man's Tianling cover fell down like a thousand catties, and the head twisted and knelt down with the body.

Lu Fanchi fell to the ground like an eagle, and wiped away his anger with a smile.

I saw another man running to help the bald man who fell to the ground, staring at the boy with fierce eyes.

"You want to come too?" Lu Fanchi looked at the man on the ground with a smile, probably knowing what the other man was thinking, and said, "Don't worry, I'm not dead, I've held back my strength."

The man still harbored anger, shouted and raised his palm, pouring his spiritual energy into it completely, but before the palm arrived, the spiritual energy and palm wind arrived first.

But Lu Fanchi was on guard in his heart. When the man was approaching, he quickly lowered his waist, then got up suddenly, and stopped with a smile on the man's brow.

The man's palm directly fell through the air, although the wind of the palm went to Lu Fanchi's back, with a little momentum, cold sweat broke out on his forehead, and his eyes were focused on this finger.

"Don't move!" Lu Fanchi said softly with sharp eyes.

One word of threat, not only the man remained unmoved, but the surrounding people were silently waiting for the next moment.

And Mei Han, who watched the whole battle, slowly lifted up the light-weight shawl that had slipped from her shoulders, and then lifted up her skirt and sat on the car. Handed it all to the high-spirited young man.

Lu Fanchi was not affected by it, and asked, "Miss, do you want to continue?"

"My family doesn't know how monks fight, but your son's cultivation is amazing." Mei Han raised one side of her face and said thoughtfully, "But my family still has a lesson."

"Then you are not convinced?"

Mei Han looked calm, ignored Lu Fanchi's sarcasm, and said to himself: "My family wants to compare your literary talent with the young master, can you?"

"Then, you're still not convinced?" Lu Fanchi wanted to take an angry look from the oiran's face.

"My lord, it doesn't look like a vulgar hooligan, huh?" Mei Han said with a wink and a smile.

Lu Fanchi was at a loss for words for a while, and he was turned into an army, whether he accepted it or not, among the mature women he knew, if Xuannv was the "narrow-minded" ancestor, then the oiran in front of him belonged to his grandpa's generation, but Xiaoque My son is short of heart.

"Master?" Mei Han asked again.

Lu Fanchi wondered if this girl had applied too much rouge powder on her face, so thick, she was still asking.

"Let's be more interesting, how about pairing?" Seeing that Lu Fanchi was still in a daze, Mei Han got up and put on the cloak, and shouted, "Everyone! How about pairing?"

"merciful!"

"I want to see Miss Mei's demeanor!"

There was a lot of uproar around, and the helpless Lu Fanchi simply agreed: "It's alright, girl please first."

Mei Hanyu stroked the hair on her face with her hands, and said: "The clouds are fluffing, the thunder is rolling, and the sages who say nothing."

Lu Fanchi answered calmly: "Beautiful flowers are blooming, flowing water is gurgling, and there are no fences in the fairy palace."

"The color in the well can detect the sun and the moon!" Mei Han was obviously a little anxious by the word "goulan".

"Good and evil can be discerned in the mirror---" Lu Fanchi stretched out the lingering sound, and cast a glance at the oiran.

The two of them almost looked at each other in the dark, and they were indistinguishable. The people around them gradually looked at the smiling face of the young man, and they cheered even more.

Mei Han clenched her fists, changed her obsequious attitude, and said through gritted teeth: "Sour, sweet, bitter, spicy, all flavors in the world!"

At this time, Lu Fanchi saw that the oiran's face gradually became more complex, he pondered for a moment, then beckoned for Fan Qing to come, and whispered in his ear.

The girl shook her head unwilling to do so, stepped back half a step, Lu Fanchi squatted down and whispered: "Don't be afraid, I'm here."

After finishing speaking, Lu Fanchi patted Fanqing's back with one hand, and slowly pushed him forward.

Fan Qing was quite courageous, looked back at the young master and nodded, summoned up his courage and shouted: "You, you, you, you, you are so heartless."


		