

Before they understood the situation, the four of them attacked Lu Fanchi, their swords moving forward.

Lu Fanchi retreated a little, although he possessed spiritual roots and fingering skills, he hadn't fully mastered them yet, he was more or less a fledgling fledgling, and this was the first time he faced this sudden fight.

He moved his waist and walked sideways, dodging the first three strikes, and when the last strike came, he jumped up, stepped on the back of the enemy in front of him, and was about to land behind.

Unexpectedly, one of the knife wielders reacted very quickly and handed out the knife before Lu Fanchi fell to the ground.

In desperation, the boy raised his hand to catch the sharp blade, and a deep gash was drawn, bleeding profusely.

Just when the four wanted to take advantage of the momentum and pursue them, they froze in place the next moment.

Lu Fanchi's wound healed quickly like a miracle.

"This is the root of longevity, the body of immortality?" Even Lu Fanchi was surprised.

"Could it be a monster!" the pockmarked man exclaimed in shock.

"Fuck, cut it dozens of times, I think he recovers faster, and our knife is faster."

The leader gave an order, and everyone attacked again.

This time Lu Fanchi went directly to meet them, pointed his thumbs at the masks of the first two people, and mercilessly emitted two or three blue lights, killing them with one blow.

"Hey! Great! Come on!" Seeing that the remaining two were unmoved, Lu Fanchi provocatively said.

Seeing that the situation was not right, the latter two ran to the side of the horse, and heard the girl shout: "We can't let them run away!"

Lu Fanchi naturally knew that no harm should be left behind, he said to the girl: "Don't panic, let the bullets fly for a while."

"Huh?" the girl asked.

At this moment, the two of them had already rode a hundred paces away, Lu Fanchi didn't panic, he raised his hand and pointed out his finger.

Two blue lights were like shooting stars, chasing after the backs of the two people. After dozens of steps, the blue lights accurately hit the back of the foreheads of the two men.

Lu Fanchi didn't look back, but heard the sound of a horse falling to the ground from a distance, so he pretended to blow on his fingers.

Although the process was a bit hasty, the result still made Lu Fanchi feel refreshed. He took a step forward and reached out again to help the girl up.

But the girl was also ungrateful, she put aside Lu Fanchi's hand and stood up on the ground by herself.

"Hiss, you girl, forget it, I'll save your life, it's settled."

Lu Fanchi turned his head impatiently and was about to leave, he didn't have time to talk to this girl.

"Are you a fairy? Ah no, a monk from the fairy family?" the girl asked.

"Why, you want to learn too? Then you may learn by offering three sticks of incense in the temple." Lu Fanchi pointed to Xuannv Temple.

"No, I want to ask you a favor."

While speaking, the girl took out a token from the clothes, and Lu Fanchi looked at it, and it must be this thing that he was fighting for just now.

The girl continued: "This is a flight order, which can be used by the sub-rudder set up by the Lunxian League to fly across by boat. This order can only be used by monks of the immortal family. I am not a monk. I want you to use this to take me on board. "

Lu Fanchi didn't know that the Lunxian League was divided, but the Feidu Token was exactly what he needed, so he immediately asked, "Where are you going?"

"Wu Kingdom."

"That...that's not going the way." Lu Fanchi waved his hand and wanted to leave again.

"Hey! When you arrive in Wu Kingdom, you are using the flying ferry order to go where you want to go." The girl lowered her head shyly, and then whispered, "Anyway, it was stolen."

"It's easy to say, so where is the rudder of the alliance?"

The girl shook her finger to the north, which was the direction of Fuyang Valley.

"My name is Lu Fanchi, what do you call a girl?"

"Well... just call me Xiaoqueer."

The two rode on the black horse of the murderer just now, and rushed all the way.

"Although you need to take a ferry to go to Wu Kingdom, why don't you fly to Fuyang Valley now, why don't you ride a horse?" Xiao Que'er asked with her head tilted.

"This... just exhausted my spiritual power and I can't fly."

Lu Fanchi's expression was slightly embarrassed, he couldn't say that he couldn't, there were still many things he hadn't learned in this world.

Along the way, Xiao Que'er talked a lot with Lu Fanchi.

The source of this troubled world today is Yu Country. In the past ten years, Yu Country has suddenly raised the banner of peace, but actually plundered other countries and took most of the resources into their hands.

However, the Xuan, Shu, Qing, and Man countries rose up one after another, resulting in the current situation.

However, Yuguo covers the sky with one hand, and other countries are no match for Yuguo.

The people are suffering, and other countries are jealous of Yuguo because of this.

Only the small country of Wu Kingdom is still considered a peaceful place today.

The so-called Lunxian League is an alliance of monk sects. The war has become more and more intense, and most of the monks have also participated in it.

Lu Fanchi couldn't figure out why Xuannv appointed King Yu to be the emperor instead of another country.

"The convenience in front of me is Fuyang Valley." Xiao Que'er said.

Lu Fanchi looked up at Gu Zhong, the flying ferry boats driving one after another was very novel.

In a blink of an eye, several monks were walking against the wind in the sky.

"You can really fly, you have to learn."

The two came to the boarding place and lined up at the end of the line. There were more than a hundred people in the whole line, and everyone boarded the boat.

Not far away, Lu Fanchi heard someone shouting in front of him.

"One card for one person, register on board."

"One card for one person? What should I do?" Xiao Que'er was a little disappointed, looking at Lu Fanchi.

But he is also very sad, there are mixed fish and dragons here, it is almost impossible for Xiao Que'er to sneak onto the boat.

After a while, Lu Fanchi had an idea, lowered his head and whispered in Xiao Que'er's ear.

Xiao Que'er blushed immediately, and said shyly: "Yes, yes, but why are you asking this?"

Lu Fanchi put his finger on his lips, signaling the girl not to talk too much.

After half a stick of incense, it was their turn to board the ship. A man and a woman on the deck of the ship said: "Show the board, register."

Lu Fanchi showed the sign, knocked on the table and said to the man, "Lu Daque, a disciple of Hehuan Sect, bring a portable stove and write on it."

When the man heard it, he looked at the shy little Que'er, and picked up the brush knowingly.

The two hurriedly took steps to leave, before taking two steps, the man glanced at him and said, "Wait!"

Lu Fanchi was taken aback, was this discovered?

He looked back at the man who was holding a stone in his hand. The man gestured with his eyes and said, "Touch it."

Lu Fanchi didn't dare to make more movements, he reached out and touched the stone immediately.

The moment the fingers touched, the stone emitted a strong light of spiritual power, instantly attracting other people around.

On the contrary, the man looked like someone who had seen the scene before, he just raised his eyebrows slightly, and shouted to the woman next to him: "Spirit-bonding monk, B-size wing..."

The woman raised her hand as a signal and led the two of them away.

Xiao Que'er poked her head out from behind and said in surprise, "You are actually a monk at the spirit formation stage, so why can't you fly?"

Could there be a hundred thousand reasons for this girl, Lu Fanchi asked helplessly: "Are monks in the spirit formation stage very strong?"

"Strong! You can realize the destiny and Taoism by going up one step. Although few monks can do it, it is not as good as the monks who have just started... Gather Qi and pass Yuanming Mansion... Xuan Qing."

Xiao Que'er counted her fingers, and continued: "Four realms! This spiritual formation period is equivalent to a turning point for a monk."

Lu Fanchi couldn't help thinking about the identity of this girl, she stole the ferry order, and she knew so much even though she was not a monk.

Although he didn't know that he was in the spirit formation stage, it was probably because Xuannv gave him the immortal spirit root.

The two stayed in front of the door of the wing, and the sound from the deck outside made Lu Fanchi stop opening the door.

"Yuguo people! Surround him!


		