

"And me!"

Lu Cui jumped out of the flying ferry, punched lightning with a flash, and threw at a cultivator, taking away the cultivator's flying weapon.

"Where did you get the ferry?" Lu Fanchi was overjoyed, but was worried that he couldn't get out of the siege of the monks in front of him.

"It's Miss Jiang, she has everything in her tailor shop, including the ferry boat, but sir, I'm sorry, we couldn't stop the medicine man, just now there was a sword master in red, who killed the medicine man with a single sword. Let them attack the city with all their might."

Lu Cui was afraid after thinking about it, that sword is enough to destroy the world, although he has never encountered a few masters who use swords in his life, but that woman, even among the masters, could not pick out one, this sword, It is the most shocking picture I have ever seen in my life.

"A master with a sword? Forget it, help me stop them."

Lu Fanchi couldn't care about anything else at this time, even if the woman in red was blocking the way ahead, he had to rush to the camp of the Five Kings with all his might, maybe it was because he wanted to save Yuguo from the bottom of his heart, or to be more precise, he didn't want to have another plum With a person like Han dying in front of him, even if Xuannv didn't pull her lead at the beginning, she resolutely went all out without hesitation.

"It's ridiculous, you guys alone can stop us?" The other leading monk sneered.

"Without further ado."

Lu Cui is not only good at boxing, he has also practiced a few moves in addition to boxing. It is hard to say that he is proficient, but he is also able to deal with the person in front of him with ease. He can only see that he is making a fist with his hands, and the electric light flickers between his palms. Tiny balls, hand out.

The monks of the Five Kingdoms didn't pay attention to the tiny electric ball, they laughed for a while, and then launched an offensive at the same time.

"burst!"

With Lu Cui's sound, the electric ball spread out suddenly, emitting electric light everywhere, like a waterfall covered with electric current, surrounding a dozen monks.

Mo Zhao at the bow saw the right timing and fired three or four rockets in a row, drawing a curtain of fire in the air and merging with the electric waterfall.

Thunder and fire are connected, and the power is even higher. Seeing that the monk is doomed to death.

Among them, several Shu monks sacrificed Gu boxes, and weird insects flapped their wings and flew out, spreading out a defensive formation to contend with the thunder and fire net.

The people on the ground were not idle either, attacking Lu Fanchi and the others.

When the arrow was shot, Lu Fanchi's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, and the tripod transformed into a shape, protecting himself and Lu Cui, Jiang Li's ferry boat had no way to dodge, and the bottom of the boat was shattered.

Jiang Li, Zhao Shenyang, and Mo Zhao abandoned the boat and jumped out. The three stepped on the flying treasures made by Jiang Li respectively and flew into the sky. Unfortunately, the ferry fell down.

"Sir, this Leihuowang can't last long, you leave quickly." Jiang Li said.

Lu Fanchi couldn't bear it, but he urgently said, "Okay!"

In fact, he couldn't leave either. The people on the ground were more difficult to deal with than the people in the sky. Before he even started, wave after wave of bows and arrows shot at him. Under the support of Jiuding, he could only slow down.

On the Prison Dragon Great Wall, Chu Muqing had a panoramic view of all this, and the horn of retaliation sounded. He broke his promise, and he ordered people to open the city gate. He couldn't control the people in the sky, but he was the one on the ground. In charge, in times of crisis, the opening of this door attracts many troops from the ground to rush to the door.

The remaining three thousand-square crossbows shot out all the remaining arrows, forcing the siege vehicles outside the city gate, and the soldiers who had no time to abandon their vehicles and escaped became hornets' nests.

Chu Muqing raised the ordinary long spear with one foot, and carried half of the phoenix wings on his back. He knew his current situation. Even though the Dao heart was still there, his spiritual power was completely exhausted. A half-mutilated monk was no different from an ordinary soldier.

The two people in front opened the city gate, Chu Muqing stabbed out with a spear, and strode forward with strides, a series of dozens of people struggled hard, but they couldn't bear Chu Muqing's pure strength.

Another shot provoked the enemy in front of him, Chu Muqing took the lead, and then shot out like a dragon, charging into the enemy army, three or two of the Chu family's spears smashed into the ground, smashing seven or eight enemy troops.

Dressed in white clothes stained brown with blood, he repelled the enemy army outside the gate of Prison Dragon City. He let out bursts of threats, looked at the young man in the sky, and shouted: "Lu Wa! Go forward! I'm here! , don't be afraid!"

Lu Fanchi heard the shout, but didn't turn his head. Taking a slow step at this moment would frustrate the intentions of the people behind him. He could only move forward, and his goal was to persuade the troops to retreat.

In front of the city gate, the Chu family's army rushed out together, directly attacking Huanglong, and the enemy troops surrounding them were helpless for a moment.

Chu Muqing leaped into the enemy group with a gun, stabbed at the ground, and created layers of dust and smoke. No one in the smoke saw Chu Muqing's movements. He was like a ghost, grabbing three or two people from left to right, Just listen to the howling of death, and you will know that there are evil spirits in the smoke.

But in front of him was the enemy outnumbered, several people came stabbing from all directions, Chu Muqing jumped up, but was punched down by the person above the head, and the spear pierced the flesh all over his body, this piercing pain made Chu Muqing Qing was very excited, maybe only the battlefield can heal his broken Dao heart.

The lips of the soldiers around were trembling and white. They had never seen such fear. Compared with the medicine man, the erratic aura on Chu Muqing's body was even more heinous.

"kill."

Chu Muqing laughed wildly, looked up and watched the Chu family soldiers around him fall down one by one, his smile gradually became sour, he had lost the general's style of the past, and he was using his hostility to restore his Dao heart.

He has to do this, because he is here, the city will not be broken, and Yu will not perish.

Chu Muqing took over this purgatory on earth, and he became what he called a battlefield Shura.

The hostility behind him formed the image of Shura, stretched out his giant hand and slapped the ground, crushing all the people in front of him who were deeply afraid of him.

The back of Lu Fanchi who was far away felt cold, and the cold wind pierced his heart like a thin needle. When he looked back, he seemed to see the phoenix on fire being trampled on the soles of his feet by the bloody Shura.

“Chu Mu Qing...”

Lu Fanchi gritted his teeth and continued on his way, unable to stop, he went straight to the mountain pass, and the monks behind quickly caught up.

The young man danced around his waist, the blue light in his left hand shot out from eight directions, and the aura of the nine cauldrons in his right hand transformed into form, the monks in the distance were injured, and the monks in close proximity were smashed to pieces by the bronze cauldron.

The Xuannv Sect didn't leave Lu Fanchi even for a moment, but there were too many people, Jiang Li and others were already bleeding, and the mountain pass camp was clearly close at hand, and the enemy monks were constantly entangled, making it difficult to move forward even a single step.

The girl in blue on the cliff to the north looked up, and the young man who was fighting caught her attention. Seeing the blue light between the young man's fingers, she frowned, recognized him, and murmured: "Lu Fanchi?"

"Princess, what are you talking about?" the bearded man looked at the girl whose pupils were shaking and asked.

The white-clothed scholar asked with a smile, "Princess, is the boy who knows the sky?"

Xiao Que'er reined in from the cliff, ignored everyone's questions, stepped downhill, and went straight to the tent.

"Princess!" The bearded man looked at the disappearing Princess of Wu Kingdom, lost his body for a moment, turned his head and said to the white-clothed scholar, "Bookworm! Go after it!"

The white-clothed scholar smiled and said, "Chase? Only the princess rides a horse here. How can my two feet catch up with four?"

"Grandma?" the bearded man said to the woman in red again.

The woman in red responded, turned and left, but did not speed up her pace, but walked forward slowly.

drink!

In the air, a flash of inspiration flashed in Lu Fanchi's mind, and he gathered the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons on one finger.

"Sir!" Jiang Li and the others shouted in unison.

Lu Fanchi's realm was already difficult to support the transformation of the Nine Cauldrons many times, and his body had long been unable to support it all the way, and now the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons gathered in one finger was further consuming him.

When Lu Fanchi opened his eyes, the golden pupils appeared, and the spirit pill in his body continuously transmitted the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons between his fingers.

Lu Cui asked suspiciously, "Sir, what is this for?"

Mo Zhao anticipated the power of it, and said anxiously: "Hide! Hide! Hide!"

Lu Fanchi used his finger as a sword, slashed forward, and the golden light swept across the sky with one finger. The enemy monks had no time to dodge, and met the golden light head-on. With one breath, most of the people were wiped out.

This scene made the bearded man on the cliff unable to close his mouth, and the white-clothed scholar also stood up, and said calmly, "This...is comparable to senior's sword strike just now."

Lu Fanchi hugged his left hand and screamed in pain, his two fingers seemed to be burnt into charcoal, the skin was festered, and the black and purple color was very oozing.

Staying in the air for a while, the Immortal Skin couldn't restore the two fingers supporting the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons.

"Sir..." Jiang Li covered his mouth, and looked at Lu Fanchi with distressed eyes.

"Quick...forget about it." Lu Fanchi nearly closed one eyelid, barely supporting the wooden sword under his feet.

During the mountain pass, the five kings all walked out of the camp, and they all saw Lu Fanchi's actions.

A Xuanguo scout rushed over and knelt down to report: "Your Majesty, on the front line, Chu...Mu Qing, almost killed more than a dozen generals of our army...our soldiers..."

King Xuan slowly raised his hand, signaling the scouts to back off.

The five kings watched as Lu Fanchi gradually approached from the horizon, followed by the soldiers surrounding them, raising their bows and arrows to aim at Lu Fanchi.

King Xuan said, "Wait a minute."

Except for the soldiers of Xuan State, the soldiers of other countries did not put down their bows, which is very puzzled.

King Xuan suddenly said: "This young man's life is hanging by a thread. Wouldn't it be a loss of generosity to shoot cold arrows at this time? You might as well let him go and see what this young man will do."

The other four nodded to each other, and then ordered to let them go.

Lu Cui supported Lu Fanchi who was gasping for breath, looked at the retreating monk, and asked, "Sir? This is it?"

"Help...me down."

Lu Fanchi couldn't speak clearly at this time, and with the support of Lu Cui and others, he flew to the front of the five kings.

As soon as it landed, all the soldiers surrounded him closely, and the two sides faced each other with swords.

Lu Fanchi looked at the five kings, and the pain in his hand made him say with difficulty: "My lords... I... am Lu Fanchi, I came here before, please... retreat."

The barbarian king, Jiang Hu, has a strong build and is wearing a wolf sweater robe. Although the scimitar around his waist has not been unsheathed, his hand has been resting on it, as if he is about to unsheath it.

Qing Wang Wei Ning'e, with a gentle face like jade, was dressed more plainly than the kings of other countries. There was a tear mole under his pair of red phoenix eyes. He did not speak, but looked at the young man coldly.

Xuan Wang Qi Anyang, draped in gold silk satin, has a tall and straight figure, with his hands on his waist, propped up on a straight sword.

"Wishful thinking." Among them, Tang Xun, King of Shu, spoke first.

Qi Anyang gave Lu Fanchi a chance and asked, "Why?"


		