

In the middle of summer, the summer mats are no match for the scorching heat.

Lu Fanchi got up and went outside the door, and saw a carriage waiting outside the yard from a long distance away, he returned to the house knowingly, brought the wine he bought yesterday, and told Fan Qing to stay at home honestly, Fan Qing was naturally obedient, and watched him off in front of the door Young master goes.

The burly man in tiger armor had a slender mouth, saw Lu Fanchi approaching, threw away the grass, and got into the carriage. Today he felt aggrieved and became a young coachman.

With a shout, the carriage headed towards the Prison Dragon Great Wall. The journey was not too far, but it was enough for Lu Fanchi to sit in the carriage and take a nap for a while. He stroked the two jars of wine and couldn't help but click his tongue. When he bought this wine, he But after earnestly negotiating the price with the shopkeeper, I bought it, hoping not to waste it.

The road was as bumpy as ever, Lu Fanchi's body shook up and down, he simply opened the front curtain, called out, and said, "Do you know General Changwei?"

Mo Zhao stepped on one foot, with a leisurely face, and said with a smile: "When Cha Shisan told me yesterday, I really admired you, but you actually wanted to find Chu Muqing to be taken advantage of by you. Think about how many lives you have. If you can catch it, if you die, I will wait under the city wall to pick up the corpse."

Lu Fanchi asked: "He has a bad temper? Doesn't he like to drink?"

Mo Zhao drank, speeded up the carriage, and continued: "Who doesn't love wine, as for temper, I don't know, I have never fought with him, but the soldiers stationed at the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall know that this Chu General, since two or three years ago, three monks who cultivated the mind came to him for a fight, and one of them took turns to fight in a year. Since the fight with these three monks, General Chu has not been seen, only when he looks up occasionally , you can see him coming out of the small attic, probably to take a breath, after all, he hasn't come down from the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall for several years, and thanks to him, Prisoner Dragon Great Wall dare not come alone, It will be a lot easier for us little soldiers, ah, except you of course."

Lu Fanchi said with a naive smile: "How many years? Has no one ever gone up there? He won't be hungry? Can't he bark?"

Mo Zhao turned his head and pointed to the box in the car, and said: "Meals are delivered on time every day, and they will be delivered to the small attic on the Great Wall of the Prison Building. Later, you can change your clothes in the carriage and go up there pretending to be the food delivery person, but don't worry. He's the only one at General Chu's place."

The horse-drawn carriage was galloping, and in the rural rice fields, the villagers who were bending over straightened their waists one by one. Looking at them one by one, if there is no such thing as refining medicine and weapons, this land of hardworking farmers and a bumper harvest in the coming year can be regarded as the governance of Yuguo peace and tranquility.


"Here it is! Come down, the road is so bumpy, how can you sleep? Hurry up and change your clothes!" Mo Zhao opened the curtain and saw that Lu Fanchi's sleepy eyes made him knock impatiently, urging him sharply .

Lu Fanchi tossed and turned in the car for a long time, picked up two jars of wine and got out of the car slowly. The armor was on his body, and his whole body was itchy. He gave Mo Zhao a blank look, very suspicious that he took it off from some soldier who had been dead for several days for him.

Mo Zhao led Lu Fanchi to the stone steps beside the city wall, and the two soldiers from Yu Kingdom were in awe when they saw them coming.

"Bringing food to General Chu."

Mo Zhao walked in front, but he just said hello and stepped up, while Lu Fanchi followed closely behind.

The slope of the stone steps is comparable to that of going up a high mountain. The countless steps and the unsatisfactory scorching sun made Lu Fanchi's head go crazy, and he said, "It's so high, no wonder no one wants to go up. Climbing every day makes you exhausted."

Mo Zhao's personality is similar to Nalu Cui's, he speaks outright, and after hearing Lu Fanchi's complaints, he sneered and said, "Boy, you don't practice at first glance, but you have a lot of spiritual power, so you're still a monk...under my hands A few people without spiritual roots can beat you to the ground!"

The two continued to go up the steps, resting for a few times in the middle, and it was almost an hour before they finally walked to the city.

Lu Fanchi was sweating profusely from exhaustion, and the armor was very stuffy. He squatted on the ground with his hands and feet limp. Looking ahead, he saw the mountain range connected to the Prison Dragon Great Wall. , give way to a road until the Great Wall.

"Hurry up!" Mo Zhao shouted in his usual tone of training soldiers.

The young man picked up his heavy armor and followed straight forward.

On the Great Wall, there are four attics with four orientations, Qinglong in the east, White Tiger in the west, Suzaku in the south, and Xuanwu in the north, which means guarding this place.

Lu Fanchi couldn't help laughing, pressing the dragon's veins with four beasts? The people who set up the formation have to figure it out.

Chu Muqing was in the attic of the West White Tiger, and when the two were about to arrive, Mo Zhao stopped, waved his hands, and let Lu Fanchi go alone.

Lu Fanchi straightened his body, adjusted his breathing, knocked on the door slowly, and raised his voice, "General Chu!"

The voice was so loud that even Mo Zhao who was standing in the distance could hear it, but no one responded to open the door.

So Lu Fanchi changed his name and continued to shout: "General Chu! There is wine!"

As soon as the words fell, the door was slowly pushed open in front of him, and a fragile voice said: "You, put the wine...in place, I...will get it later."

Before coming, Lu Fanchi made sufficient preparations, imagining in his mind that Chu Muqing should be wearing a white armor, and his voice should be extremely deep, but the voice from the door was so weak and slender, as if woman.

No, it shouldn't be Chu Muqing inside. Lu Fanchi kicked the door open, and the man in white clothes behind the door was knocked down.

Lu Fanchi turned his head and waved his hand, signaling him not to come over, but Mo Zhao, who didn't know why, then turned around again.

Lu Fanchi looked at the thin white man in front of him, and said in surprise, "You are Chu Muqing?"

The man in white had disheveled hair and a pale face. The beard on his mouth seemed to have not been trimmed for several years and was left to grow.

Lu Fanchi looked at the man's dull eyes, how could he have the prestige of a general, and asked again: "Where is Chu Muqing?"

The man in white stood up, and with an old voice, said prestige: "I'm right! You little doll, why did you suddenly knock on the door and come in, you don't know the etiquette, no! Who are you! You are not Chu Xiang who usually delivers meals!"

Chu Muqing was shocked when he stepped on the ground, and his hands made a gesture to absorb all the spiritual energy, intending to punch.

Lu Fanchi panicked, and immediately raised his hand to hold it up. Chu Muqing's punch, even ten Bone Refining Realm couldn't withstand it!

In an instant, with a punch, Lu Fanchi's arm was like a small stone, causing some ripples.

The young man didn't feel pain, let alone spurt out blood, and looked at the grinning man with puzzled eyes.

Chu Muqing smiled and said, "Just kidding, let's have some wine."

Lu Fanchi was puzzled and asked again: "Are you really Chu Muqing?"

Chu Muqing patted the skinny chest and said, "Of course!"


		