

In case of wind and rain in Yuguo, the king will hold an umbrella, and this umbrella, which has been stepped on by thousands of soldiers and horses and can still hold up a piece of sky, is the Chu of the soldiers.

Chu Muqing is the umbrella bone, and the Chu family is the umbrella surface. Now that the bone is broken, even the big umbrella surface cannot be opened.

Now Yuguo behind the prison dragon Great Wall is just a piece of cracked wood, once it is broken, it will be broken ten thousand times.

The Army of the Five Kingdoms is a swarm of bees, and Fang Daoquan used Ziweixing as a gimmick, as if spreading honey on a wooden board.

Yuguo is about to perish.

Chu Muqing is a general who is unparalleled in the world. He passed all the way and brought the territory of Yu Country to the Five Kingdoms, establishing an invincible prestige.

And he is also a coward who is eager to win. He seems to be standing on the top, but he is hiding under the haze, and he has never raised his eyes to see the sky.

That night, Lu Fanchi left Jingfenglou, thinking hard, from the day he stepped into Yuguo, this was an unbreakable deadlock, Xuannv's concealment from him, Cha Shisan's inducement to him, including Xuan All the female teachers, except Wuyu, are silent, do they not know, or can't speak?

And everything about Yuguo in front of him is what Fang Daoquan wants him to see, who should he trust?

He should have died on that stormy night in Xuannv Temple.

Lu Fanchi carried two jars of rice wine and walked towards the Prison Dragon Great Wall. Without Mo Zhao's company, he looked at the people of Yuguo in the fields alone along the road, still making repeated movements, bending down and raising their heads. They are innocent , They just want to live a peaceful life with rain in spring and a bumper harvest in autumn. They don't care whether Yuguo still exists in the future.

Climbing up to the high steps step by step, Lu Fanchi stood on the top of the city, and he looked at the natural work of ingenuity. Can you see the armies of the Five Kingdoms from the cracked mountain pass?

Standing in the corridor on the second floor of the attic in white clothes, with his hands behind his back, he was like a candle in the wind, which seemed to be extinguished by the strong wind. The wind could no longer bear to destroy this general with a broken heart.

"Here comes the wine!"

Chu Muqing spread out her arms and embraced the mountains and rivers in front of her.

Lu Fanchi walked behind Chu Muqing with thin shoulders, raised his hand, and passed the wine to his eyes.

Chu Muqing took the wine jar, and coughed again while drinking.

Chu Muqing said, "Lu Wa, it looks like you were bitten by a dog!"

Lu Fanchi sighed: "Yeah, I was bitten by a dog, and even walked half a circle by the dog."

Chu Muqing laughed loudly and said, "Very good, very good, now you and I are people in the eyes of dogs, no, I'm a ghost! Hahaha."

Lu Fanchi sat slumped on the ground, tilted his head back, and said, "Chu Muqing, I lost."

Chu Muqing said angrily: "Losing? How can we win or lose? Here! Only life and death!"

Lu Fanchi laughed and said, "That's life would be better than death."

Chu Muqing couldn't see Lu Fanchi's smile, and asked, "Lu Wawa, why are you lamenting?"

Lu Fanchi said: "Fang Daoquan tricked me, harmed you, and harmed Yuguo."

"Lu Wa, you said that you can't beat a ghost, so you are looking for a ghost."

Lu Fanchi frowned and asked, "What do you mean?"

Chu Muqing didn't answer, but asked instead: "Lu Wawa, do you know why no one has invaded Yu Country since my cultivation base is completely abolished?"

"Afraid of you, afraid of your reputation."

Chu Muqing drank a jar of yellow rice wine, then sprinkled it with one hand, and said, "The general asks again, do you know what kind of reputation can deter these people?"

"Victorious in a hundred battles? Invincible power?"

Chu Fanqing shook his head and said, "That's the surface."

"Then what are they afraid of?"

Chu Muqing asked again: "Refining the Qi into the bone, turning the Qi into the Dao Heart, do you know what will happen after that?"

"what?"

Chu Muqing brought up another jar of wine, and said straight away, "The union of heart and bone, the state of heart and bone! In this world, there are only a handful of people who have stepped into the state of heart and bone! And I! I was one of them. What I am afraid of is the prestige I once established with the Heart Bone Realm."

Lu Fanchi looked bewildered, and suddenly he saw the high-spirited side of the person in front of him, who amazed the world with his genius, and kept the five kingdoms' armies at the door with his victorious exploits. Chu Muqing's arrogance, he It can't be learned, this is the courage that can only be possessed at the highest level, and he has not yet achieved it.

Chu Muqing turned her head and said with a smile: "Do what you should do, kill the people you should kill, with me, the city will not be broken, and the country will not perish."

Lu Fanchi understood Chu Muqing's implication. Even though he didn't understand how Chu Muqing, who was now exhausted, dared to say such a thing, he also left the attic. Fang Daoquan had to die, and he had to know what Xuan Nu was hiding from him. what.

After the next day, the small bamboo house ushered in an unprecedented party.

Lu Cui, Su Ran, Jiang Li, Mo Zhao, Zhao Butcher, Cha Shisan, and even Ning Bai, who had never met, also came here, except for Tang Xiu who disappeared, Wu Yu, and those who hadn't surfaced. The three of them are all here.

Lu Fanchi gathered everyone around the table, keeping silent all the time.

Lu Cui was very active by nature, and when he was sitting next to him, Su Ran and Jiang Li, the two women were very quiet, but one had a dignified and virtuous posture, the other had downcast eyes and a melancholy expression.

Lu Fanchi calmly observed everyone's glances at Cha Shisan, without any doubt or strangeness, as if everyone had been friends with him for a long time, except himself of course.

Mo Zhao couldn't help but said, "You said Xuannv had something to say to us, what exactly is it? She hasn't said anything?"

Lu Fanchi said: "It's not urgent, I want to know something."

Su Ran said: "Young master, please."

Lu Fanchi asked with a smile: "Which one of you is not from Yuguo?"

Jiang Li raised his hand silently, and put it down again after a while.

Lu Fanchi asked again: "You have been contacting Xuannv before, how did you know that I am coming to Yu Country?"

Cha Shisan said: "We all use the statue of Xuannv to contact Xuannv, and we learned that Mr. Xuannv came to Yuguo from Xuannv's last instructions."

"at last?"

Cha Shisan said again: "In fact, since Fang Daoquan became the national teacher, every Xuannv temple in Yuguo has been demolished. The last way Xuannv contacted us was through a fairy dream."

Everyone nodded at the same time following Cha Shisan's words.

Lu Fanchi frowned, Fang Daoquan obviously knew the existence of the Twelve Xuannv, so he cut off the contact, and he didn't even know about the immortal entrusting a dream.

Lu Fanchi asked again: "The last question, how did you know each other was taught by Xuannv in the first place?"

Su Ran replied: "It's still Xuannv Tuomeng, but I mentioned everyone here, as well as the dead Tang Xiu, and the rest is unknown."

Lu Fanchi gradually lost his mind and fell into his own thoughts. Xuannv never mentioned the existence of the Twelve Xuannv at the beginning, nor did she mention Fang Daoquan's various actions in Yuguo.

Looking at the seven people at the table, a flash of inspiration flashed in his head!

Xuannv didn't deliberately hide it! But after Fang Daoquan destroyed the Xuannv Temple, she knew that there was an inner ghost among the twelve Xuannv Sect members, so she dared not tell herself the current situation of Yuguo, in order to create herself as a person who came to help King Yu become emperor, I didn't come here to catch the inner ghost, but I was afraid of showing my feet and alarming the inner ghost.

Coincidentally, after passing by the ferry, he felt something was wrong with Yuguo, and Su Sheng's words reminded him even more.

Lu Fanchi breathed a sigh of relief, the reason why Xuannv told these people in front of her in a fairy dream was to protect the rest of the people, and more to tell herself that the inner ghost was among the few people in front of her.

With a few broken links in his mind, the boy couldn't help laughing out loud, and scolded himself in his heart, why did he go so early!


		