

Chu Muqing smiled and said: "Lu Wawa, you are really interesting. Today's chatting and drinking, really relieved the resentment in my heart. If it was in the early years, I would definitely take you as my apprentice."

Lu Fanchi shook his hand politely, and said, "General, there is no need for this, but I have a question!"

Chu Muqing said: "After drinking your wine, you don't need to ask any more questions. It's okay to ask more."

"How to break through the heart of destiny?"

Chu Muqing frowned and looked at the young man in front of him, praising him just now, how could he ask such an ignorant question.

Chu Muqing raised his hand, pointed at Lu Fanchi's brow, and escaped into the young man's sea of ​​consciousness.

As far as Chu Muqing could see, there were mountains and seas of clouds, filled with mist. Before he could see clearly, a burst of fierce spiritual power knocked Chu Muqing back into the sea of ​​consciousness.

"Lu Wa!"

"Ah? What's the matter?" Lu Fanchi looked at Chu Muqing in confusion, not knowing what Chu Muqing saw in his sea of ​​consciousness.

Chu Muqing's face turned pale with shock, and he probed for the spiritual root in Lu Fanchi's body again with his thoughts, and said in a voiceless voice: "Weird! Lu Wawa, you have two strands of spiritual energy in your body, one is from the spirit pill, and the other is from the spiritual root. It stands to reason that the same root Sheng, how could there be two breaths, and although the breath of the spirit pill is weak, it is more pure than the spirit root, so you are the grafted spirit root! Naturally born spirit pill?"

"Ah?" Lu Fanchi paused, immediately opened his eyes and said nonsense, "This... You actually saw it! When I was a child, a fairy caressed my dream and gave me a spiritual root, so I have the qualifications for cultivation."

Chu Muqing caressed his beard and sighed: "Lu Wawa, your destiny is not shallow! Helping humanity is a must for you! No wonder you want to bring down Fang Daoquan."

"Yeah!" Lu Fanchi nodded and said.

Chu Muqing said with a smile: "Given some time, if you are destined to cultivate a positive result, don't forget about me."

"Must!" Lu Fanchi didn't even know if he could survive three years.

Chu Muqing looked up to the sky with a long smile, then took out a bronze talisman in the shape of a phoenix from his clothes, and said, "Lu Wawa, this is the soldier talisman of our Chu family. , this is also a humble gift from me, and I will pay you back for the wine."

Lu Fanchi's eyes lit up, he slowly took the soldier talisman with both hands, and said, "Thank you, General Chu!"

Chu Muqing stood up and said, "Today is so fun."

Lu Fanchi looked at the passionate Chu Muqing, followed Chu Muqing's heart, and boldly said: "Why don't I ask for help?"

"Huh? Lu Wa, the general doesn't like your way of sticking to your butt."

Seeing that Chu Muqing's face darkened, Lu Fanchi suddenly wanted to retreat.

But Chu Muqing was close to him, and smiled again: "Worship is so vulgar, it's called a godfather."

"Get out!" Lu Fanchi glanced at him, walked out the door, turned around and said, "Do you want to drink again next time?"

The old drunkard didn't speak, but made a gesture of pouring wine with a smirk, and slurped his mouth.

Under the night, the common people light up the lamps, and in the small bamboo house, Fan Qing stays alone in the vacant room.

And Qingping City East City is dimly lit, disturbing people's sleep at night.

A few days after leaving Prison Dragon Great Wall, Lu Fanchi was standing in front of Jingfeng Tower thinking a lot.

Chu Muqing's current predicament is powerless. Even a child can knock him down with all his strength. Fortunately, when he left that day, Mo Zhao didn't ask much, and Lu Fanchi agreed to Chu Muqing's request. Asked to keep a secret for him, but I don't know how long this secret can be kept.

If it is exposed, not only will it not be able to suppress the spirit of the Yu country's army, but it will also be unable to suppress the incoming army of other countries. When Chu Muqing's prestige is in full swing, it will be difficult for others to step into the territory of Yu country.

Lu Fanchi walked into the Jingfeng Building, the downstairs was full of guests, and the drunks were surrounded by thousands of beautiful flowers, sharing fine wine, Lu Fanchi found a hidden corner to sit down.

Before she sat up straight, a charming woman approached, her charming eyes were drawn to Lu Fanchi, and she asked, "My lord, are you alone?"

Lu Fanchi trembled all over, extremely uncomfortable, and said, "I'm looking for Miss Su Ran."

When the woman heard this, she rolled her eyes and shouted upstairs: "Su Ran! Pick up the guests."

The voice fell, and the beauty came out.

Lu Fanchi sat in a position where he could see the stairs, and he saw Su Ran walking lightly, like flowers growing under his feet, step by step slowly landing. If we say that the oiran Mei Han I saw last time, it will remind people of "talent and color" ", then Su Ran is "love" in the eyes of everyone.

Su Ran covered half of her face with a round fan in her hand, waving the fragrance under her skirt, attracting drunks passing by, and walked towards Lu Fanchi.

Su Ran lowered her eyebrows and showed a smile, and asked, "Master, you want to drink."

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "I drink tea."

Su Ran's expression trembled a little, and then she called a maid, who brought tea, made tea and poured a cup.

Su Ran said: "Master, it's really interesting. People here are pushing cups to exchange for drunken beauties, but you are drinking tea and sitting alone in the corner."

Lu Fanchi tapped the table with three fingers and said: "Alcohol is my weakness, so I don't drink and sit alone in the corner, for fear of affecting you and me."

Su Ran understood, and then sat down and said, "Master, this dress is smooth in the wind, but Dongshijiang's tailoring skills?"

"right."

"Mr. Lu, there are twelve xuannvs in the lower ranks, Su Ran."

Cha Thirteen, Jiang Tailor, Lu Nongfu, Zhao Butcher, Su Qingguan, Ning Sima, General Mo, and Xuannv twelve people are all strange and strange. Lu Fanchi speculates, will there be eunuchs?

Lu Fanchi cut to the chase and said, "Where is Cha Shisan?"

Su Ran moved very naturally, raised his glass and put it in front of Lu Fanchi, and said, "Mr. Cha is not here, nor is he in the tea house, but Mr. Cha asked me to talk to you, the herbs you need are ready."

"it is good."

At this time, three people walked into the hall, as if they were blown in by the wind. The young man walking in front held a folding fan, his eyes were shining like jade, and the two behind him were a big man with a beard and a short man with a fair face like a ghost. tall, with his hands hidden in his sleeves.

Everyone stopped their movements in an instant and focused their eyes on the three of them.

Among them, the big bearded man with thick eyebrows and angry eyes shouted: "The oiran of Jingfenglou is here!"

Lu Fanchi heard it familiarly, isn't Jingfenglou Huakui the woman who matched up with him on the street that day, what happened to this girl again?

Su Ran looked at the three of them, and said with a smile, "It's Fang Daoquan's three disciples, the one holding the fan is Wuyu, the short one is Wufa, and the one shouting is Wutian."

Lu Fanchi asked: "Are these three regulars here? Are they all looking for the oiran?"

Su Ran said: "It's not that Mei Han is a nobleman like me, he is a performer but not himself. That day a person came to have fun, but was kicked out by Mei Han, probably because of this."

Lu Fanchi immediately picked up the peanuts on the plate, crossed his legs, and waited for the show.

Mei Han walked out from the upstairs, straddled the railing, squinted at the three people downstairs, and said disdainfully, "Oh, who am I? It turned out to be the three major disciples of the national teacher. Why are you disturbing me? This is not Your land of 'Ascension to Immortals'!"

Wu Tian shouted angrily: "Do you know who you drove away a few days ago!"

Mei Han scolded: "I don't care who he is!"

Lu Fanchi couldn't help admiring the oiran, since she was arguing with these three people head-on, it seems that she didn't deliberately let Fan Qing admit her mistake on the street that day, it was clearly the act of a shrew, so can she be an oiran?

But who can be blown away by the oiran, but can invite these three to save face.

Wu Tian snatched the wine from the guest next to him, drank it all in one gulp, and then said angrily: "I don't think you want to be the oiran anymore!"

After all, the short man leaped up as if to throw the bowl as an order, and the hands that had been hiding their sleeves suddenly showed their sharpness, the nails were as long as sharp knives, and stretched out towards Mei Han.

Mei Han's face paled, and a peanut in the distance flew towards Ufa's head at a high speed.

Ufa's eyes flashed in mid-air, he caught the peanut in awe, and shouted, "Who!"

Everyone lowered their heads one after another, but no one stood up.

Su Ran looked back in surprise, looked at Lu Fanchi who was slowly kneading peanuts, and whispered, "Master?"

Lu Fanchi looked nonchalant, spread his hands and said loudly: "It's not me!"

The three looked around, and even Mei Han went downstairs to find out, Lu Fanchi didn't hide his gaze, and looked directly at the three with a playful smile.

Su Ran didn't know what was going on in Lu Fanchi's heart, but among the twelve Xuannv, the one who could make a move was not here, she was just a weak woman.

Lu Fanchi was so important to Xuannv. Seeing the three of them pressing on, she seemed to have made up her mind.

Before Su Ran stood up, Lu Fanchi whispered behind him: "Don't move, if you help me, you will be exposed."

The three of them stopped in front of the young man, only Wu Tian stared at him with murderous intent.

Wu Yu said politely: "Young master, why did you stop him?"

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "Brother, don't you know how to help when you see injustice?"

Wu Tian rushed away angrily, grabbed Lu Fanchi's collar and shouted: "How about I pull out your tongue first!"

Wu Yu walked over, placed a folding fan on Wu Tian's thick arm, and said, "Second Junior Brother, Master has said that people should be treated with courtesy when they are outside."

Lu Fanchi smiled without saying a word, his eyes signaled Wu Tian to let go obediently.

"I don't know what's so special about your son?" Wu Yu squinted at Lu Fanchi while speaking, and said gloomyly, "How dare you stop the three of us!"

Lu Fanchi pretended to be stupid and said: "There is nothing extraordinary about it, it's just that he is not willing to let his beloved die in front of his eyes."

Wu Yu turned her head to look at the surprised Mei Han, and asked again: "Oh? This girl Mei Han is the young master's sweetheart."

"It's nothing more than a suitor. I wanted to find Miss Mei Han that day, but I was caught by another person. It's a pity that I am so infatuated, but I have seen with my own eyes that Mei Han did not drive that person out, but greeted him politely." Wait, please leave Jingfeng Tower."

Lu Fanchi shook his head in front of the three of them, but his eyes were on Mei Han, reminding him.

Wu Tian snorted and said, "Brother, this man is obviously farting!"

Wu Yu probed towards Lu Fanchi with her thoughts, and said with a disdainful smile, "Bone refinement level? Young master is really chivalrous."

Lu Fanchi replied: "You're welcome, I don't know how to address you, young master?"

Wu Yu said: "Wu Yu!"

Lu Fanchi pretended to be intimidated, and said with an evil smile: "Then Mr. Wu, why don't you guess my name!"

Wu Yu fanned his suspicions. In Qingping City, no one knows his three senior brothers, and there are only a handful of people who can fight against the three of them. Looking at Lu Fanchi's confidence and timidity, he is looking for the three of them to have fun ?

Lu Fanchi looked at Wu Yu's skeptical look, and immediately said forcefully: "Listen up! My surname is Chu!"


		