

After the three of them landed, Su Sheng and Xiao Que'er were lucky to have escaped from death, but Lu Fanchi was full of worries.

It was a mess before Yuguo arrived, and the attacker was the work of Xuannv?

Judging from Lu Fanchi's map, there is still a distance to Yu Country, but Wu Country is already a hundred miles away.

Let it go, let it go.

Lu Fanchi turned around and wanted to leave in a hurry, now that he was here, he didn't care about the next journey of Xiao Que'er and Su Sheng.

But Su Sheng was afraid that the attacker would come again, so he followed all the way, and the little girl Xiao Que'er naturally followed behind.

There is no village in front of this area, no shop behind, and finding a horse has become a difficult task at the moment.

After walking for a few miles in the bushes, there was still no human habitation. At this time, the sky above was getting late, and the three of them were not going to move forward blindly.

I found a place in the same place and smoked from the kitchen. Fortunately, Su Sheng was traveling all year round, and the food he carried with him was enough for three people.

Under the darkness of night, the bonfire is current.

Lu Fanchi looked at Xiao Que'er, he didn't know what kind of background this girl was, she looked spoiled and spoiled, she didn't even have the slightest complaint about eating and sleeping in the open, and the dry food in her hand was delicious.

"Little Que'er, what is your family doing in Wu Kingdom?" Lu Fanchi couldn't help asking.

Xiao Que'er turned crookedly, turned her back to Lu Fanchi, and replied: "The restaurant... restaurant business."

It seemed that Xiao Que'er didn't want others to know, so he made a fool of himself, but Lu Fanchi was not the one to make a fool of it, so he continued to ask: "Then how did you get to Xuanguo to steal someone's flight order."

Xiao Que'er remained silent, still facing away from him.

Su Sheng on the side was leaning on the sword box. He thought that the two knew each other well, but unexpectedly they also met halfway.

Following all the way today, what he cares about is Lu Fanchi, who is sitting here safe and sound after being splashed all over by the soul-transforming water, he is really curious about this.

Lu Fanchi noticed that Su Sheng pretended to close his eyes, but actually secretly looked at himself through the slits, and explained: "What are you thinking, I'm not a bad person."

Su Sheng sat up straight and said, "Where did you learn to restore the skin?"

"You want to learn too? Go to Yu Country with me?" Lu Fanchi joked, he knew that Su Sheng would not learn, let alone go to Yu Country with him.

"To be honest, I've seen it."

Su Sheng's words aroused Lu Fanchi's curiosity, have you seen it?

Given this gift from the gods, it is possible that Xuannv also took care of other people. If so, then the assassins on the ship would not have such immortality.

Lu Fanchi asked: "Where have you seen it?"

"Three or four years ago, I saw it at the main helm of the Lunxian League. I forgot who it was. I just remember that the person had been slapped by someone else, and his body had been separated, but he left intact after that."

Su Sheng didn't forget it, but that person was wearing a cloak and a bronze mask back then, so he didn't know who it was. He said this just to test whether Lu Fanchi was the person he saw back then.

Naturally, Lu Fanchi would not fall for his trap, instead he was thinking about another thing, if what Su Sheng said was true, it was indeed similar to his own immortal body.

In this way, in the mortal world, not only the assassin, but also other people are doing things for Xuannv.

And this spiritual power, which seems to be profound, is actually weak. Every time Lu Fanchi makes a move, he always feels that the power does not come from the spiritual power in his body.

"Brother Su, your realm should be the realm of destiny and Taoism."

"What? Are you scared?" Su Sheng crossed his arms and couldn't wait for Lu Fanchi to cast envious glances.

But Lu Fanchi didn't, he was just a little confused, what is destiny and Taoism? According to his understanding, as long as he concentrates on cultivating, he will naturally improve his cultivation level, but he also tried it secretly, and he didn't feel that kind of improvement.

Su Sheng saw his intention and said, "You want to know how to break through the realm of destiny and Taoism?"

Lu Fanchi was also shameless, and replied: "Yes."

"Then you are really an ordinary monk." Su Sheng laughed.

"Say it."

Su Sheng replied slowly: "Under the Heart of Destiny and Dao, there are five realms, Qi Gathering, Tongyuan, Mingfu, Xuanqing, and Spirit Formation. You can only improve if you enter the bone, but the heart of destiny is different. What you pay attention to is the word heart, which is to enter the heart with spiritual energy, so after refining the bone, you can refine the state of mind, and there are six levels in the realm of refining the heart..."

"What floor are you on?" Lu Fanchi interrupted and asked.

Su Sheng coughed awkwardly and said, "The first floor."

"This is the first floor?" Xiao Que'er, who was listening in, also joined the conversation.

"Of course, you should cultivate your mind to feed yourself? One mouthful is a state? How many people of the same generation in the world can stand shoulder to shoulder with me?" Su Sheng clapped his hands proudly.

"Then how did you get into the refining state?" Lu Fanchi asked.

Su Sheng didn't hide it, and said directly: "Two methods, first, rely on self-awareness, as for how to awaken, I don't know, and second, is to pass it down, your master or family passed down from generation to generation Dao heart."

"Then according to you, you are the latter?" Little Skylark prodded beside him.

"Hmm..." Su Sheng couldn't help Xiao Que'er, a man can still find a girl, can't he? Any words that affect Dao Xin should be ignored.

Lu Fanchi couldn't help thinking, relying on his own consciousness? Then in the year of the monkey, if you arrive in Yuguo and encounter today's situation where the giant sword breaks the boat, wouldn't it be helpless? It's better to find a master directly.

He leaned slightly towards Su Sheng, lowered his head and glanced, and said politely: "Brother Su, why don't I worship you as my teacher? Pass your Dao heart to me?"

Su Sheng immediately reached out his hand to veto it, and said: "No, Zhenyangmen does not accept disciples privately. If you want to enter Zhenyangmen to learn from teachers, you should go through the seven passes of Jiayang in an upright manner and climb the steps of Zhenyang Mountain. I can be your guide .”

"Forget it."

Lu Fanchi was lying on the ground discouraged. He never thought that the proud Su Sheng would be obsessed with the rules of the school.

Stay until late at night, while the two are asleep.

Lu Fanchi then took out the stone seal of the assassin, and looked carefully, except for the word 'Xuan Nu', there was also two words engraved on the top: 'Tang Xiu'.

This is probably the robber's name.

At this moment, Lu Fanchi turned over, his head seemed to be stimulated, and a suspicious point arose.

It took a long time for the envoys to board the ship and take off, why did they assassinate and leave when they were about to take off.

The timing of the assassination is a bit strange, it should have been ambush on the boat early, why is it so slow.

Outside the eyes, Lu Fanchi could only guess, maybe the robbers must have discovered something during the assassination on the boat, so they moved slowly.

That night, Lu Fanchi didn't fall asleep for a long time, tossing and turning in his mind, unable to find any clues.


		