

rainy night.

Xuannv Temple.

Lightning flashed through the window and shone on the young man on the ground.

The noisy sound of rain made Lu Fanchi unable to die peacefully.

In his previous life, he was originally an undercover agent, but was accidentally hit by a car during a trip, and traveled to the land of China.

In this life, her parents died young, and she was taken in by the Lu Mansion, named Fanchi, and worked as a handyman.

Now the six countries here are in conflict, the people suffer, and there is famine every year.

In order to save a pair of chopsticks, the Lu family drove this little handyman out of the gate.

A few days ago, with his last perseverance, he climbed into the Xuannv Temple and found a good place for himself to wait for death safely.

Lu Fanchi stared at the statue in a daze.

Perhaps it was hallucinations due to hunger, but Xuannv seemed to be smiling at him.

"am I pretty?"

"nice…"

He realized later that it was the statue that spoke just now?

"You're hungry."

Asking in a soft voice, Lu Fanchi backed away in fright.

"Come in if you're hungry."

Whispering into his ears, a white light suddenly filled the entire Xuannv Temple in front of his eyes.

The whole space seemed to be torn apart.

Lu Fanchi closed his eyes tightly, vaguely feeling that something was pulling his soul.

After the white light.

He slowly opened his eyes, and the smell of grains and meat was already in his nostrils.

eat!

Lu Fanchi was unceremonious with both hands, grabbed a pair of chicken legs, took a bite from the left and a bite from the right.

After drinking the last mouthful of fresh soup.

He raised his eyes to look at Xuannv in front of him, and said, "Thank you for the kindness of the great god Xuannv, I will definitely give you three sticks of incense in the future."

Xuannv couldn't help being amused by the boy, and said with a smile, "If that's the case, why don't you repay your kindness here."

There really is no such thing as a wasted lunch in the world, and even gods don't give favors without reason.

The boy asked, "What's the matter?"

"Frank enough, I like it."

Lu Fanchi looked at Xuannv with all kinds of charms, her pure face turned red.

Xuannv waved her hand, and scenes appeared behind Lu Fanchi instantly, bloody, magnificent, bleak, and peaceful illusions.

It is the roar of soldiers fighting on the battlefield.

The courtiers in the court pointed out Jiangshan.

The displaced people cry.

The monk in the deep mountains and old forests pierced the clouds with a single sword.

With another finger, the illusion dissipated like a cloud.

"You have also seen that the world is constantly fighting, and the people are in trouble. I need you to help Yuguo to calm down the troubled times and make Yuwang the emperor." Xuannv said forcefully.

Lu Fanchi rubbed the back of his head, tried to recall, and said helplessly, "Besides Yu Kingdom, there are other five kingdoms that can become emperors? I'm just a mortal, and I'm not super powerful. It's difficult."

"rest assured."

Xuannv stretched out her white jade hand, and blew lightly into her palm.

A golden light suddenly descended from the top of Lu Fanchi's head, and countless jade slips floated in the light, surrounding him.

"These spells are strong or weak. You choose one of them. Of course, even the weakest ones are somewhat stronger than human spells."

Lu Fanchi hesitated for a moment, even if he was unlucky, he could get some above-average ones, at least not too weak.

I saw him take out the jade slip casually and spread it out to have a look.

"Eight Directions Broken Mysterious Finger"!

The name sounds great.

Just when the boy was happy, Xuannv splashed cold water and said, "Oh, what a pity, it's a low-level one."

"Ah? Sister Xuannv, why don't you let this trouble go, low-level? Can you do it again?"

Lu Fanchi panicked, just now before he smoked, he sacrificed his lifespan, which doesn't count.

"cannot."

Xuannv smiled charmingly, and said slowly, "I will give you the root of immortality again. The starting point is to be higher than others. This will enable you to live forever and become immortal. In time, once the fate of immortality comes, you will be able to ascend to immortality." .”

After all, a lotus flower suddenly emerged from the heart of Lu Fanchi's body, and its roots gradually extended to his limbs.

Half a moment later, the young man felt that his body was full of spiritual power, and his meridians continued to twist and turn.

"This is the spiritual root! Immortal body?"

When Lu Fanchi first came to this world, he had already heard that mortals who cultivate immortality must have their spiritual roots, so that they can absorb the spiritual energy of the heavens and the earth and practice the power of mountains and seas.

Moreover, the spiritual roots are divided into heaven and earth, the five elements, and there are thousands of changes in them. This longevity spiritual root should be a spiritual root that has come out of thousands of changes, and it must be no worse than ordinary spiritual roots bestowed by gods.

"Thank you, Great Goddess Xuannv, I'm going to smash the Six Kingdoms right now."

Lu Fanchi was full of momentum, and was about to turn his head and leave when Xuannv stood in front of him instantly.

He questioned: "Sister Xuannv, what is this?"

"Did I let you go? I have one more thing to do."

"Sister Xuannv, please finish speaking at once. Saving the people is like putting out a fire. You can't wait."

But Lu Fanchi couldn't wait, cultivating immortality to live forever, conquering the chaotic world, isn't this the point of crossing, isn't it this moment that he has come all the way?

"Find a mortal named Feng Luling and get rid of him."

"Okay?"

Xuannv walked up to Lu Fanchi, and gently lifted his chin.

She continued: "By the way, he also came from time travel."

"And if you can't complete these two things within three years, I will personally collect your soul!"

"After that, every seven days, I will look for you. If there is no progress, the result will be the same."

After Xuannv finished speaking, before Lu Fanchi could react, a leisurely fragrance made him dizzy and fell to the ground.

I don't know how long it has passed, but the sky outside is getting brighter.

Lu Fanchi shook his head soberly, stood up slowly with one hand on the ground, looked around, stroked his lower abdomen and said: "It seems that it is not a dream."

He stroked his thoughts.

Now he is in the territory of Xuan State, thousands of miles away from Yu State, how to get there, and where should he start the battle of Yu State.

And where did Feng Luling come from? He is also a time traveler. Fortunately, he is a mortal, not a monk. Lu Fanchi prefers to use his brains rather than hands.

If Xuannv didn't go down to earth in person, wouldn't the life and death of a mortal be just a thought of a god?

Three years is a short period of time, otherwise he will die.

In the next seven days, I must go to Yuguo first.

The boy couldn't help but sighed, and properly ran errands for the gods.

After thinking about it, it is better to improve one's own strength first.

He sat cross-legged on the ground with his hands horizontally, and escaped into the sea of ​​consciousness.

He could clearly see that set of fingerings floating in front of him, every word and every sentence glowed with golden light, and above the lotus flower in his body, a panacea was particularly dazzling, and its spiritual veins floated like smoke.

Lu Fanchi didn't think too much, and immediately muttered formulas.

"Lingyuan pierces all directions, breaking the profound energy with one finger."

His index finger and middle finger, two fingers close together, thumbs up, pointing forward.

Onomatopoeia: "Bah!"

I saw a cyan light burst out between the fingers, although the power was small, it shot the dead tree outside the door with great precision.

"what!"

The sudden sound from outside the door made Lu Fanchi jump in fright, maybe he hit someone.

He ran quickly, looked around, and saw a young girl in Tsing Yi holding her calf in the haystack and shouting on the spot.

Taking a closer look, it was the dead tree branch that rubbed against her ankle and knocked on the ground inadvertently.

"Girl, are you okay."

"You are blind!"

Lu Fanchi quickly helped him up, but the girl didn't appreciate it, she broke free, and she said sharply, "Get up."

At this time, the sound of horseshoes came, and the four figures shouted in the distance: "There are people!"

Four people rode black horses around the gate of the temple. Among them, the burly man with a pockmarked face got off the horse first and shouted at the girl, "Hand over your things!"

The girl cast a contemptuous look at Lu Fanchi, and then said: "I gave it to him, ask him to take it."

"what?"

Lu Fanchi hesitated for a moment, then lowered his head to look at the girl who pretended to be a normal person, her bright eyes were as big as water, but her heart was so small.

And the strong man stretched out his hand to Lu Fanchi and said, "Yes! Things."

"No."

"No?" The four people said in unison, and they raised their knives and went down.


		