

"People without spiritual roots can't use the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, but they can move mountains and seas, and their punches can weigh a thousand catties. They rely on the true energy and pure physique in their bodies. This is a martial artist! Zhao Shenyang is a martial artist at the seventh level, copper body level! Martial arts are not monks, body tempering is more difficult than Qi training."

Killing pigs all the year round, skinning and cutting bones, the pig-killing knife in Zhao Shenyang's hand, in front of the other party, is a sharp blade in the hands of a killer.

Ning Bai continued: "Sir, can you see what Zhao Shenyang said?"

Lu Fanchi watched, Zhao Shenyang breathed out his nose and breathed out, mobilizing the airflow around his body all the time, when he made a move, he felt a sharp cold light, but the pig-killing knife itself could not be seen.

The knife is fast! It seems that one cut is three cuts to peel the skin.

Even if Tang Xiu consciously tried to avoid it, the number of knife marks on his body was no less than Zhao Shenyang's.

Lu Fanchi asked: "Well, with one breath and three breaths, the use of true energy is more powerful than martial arts?"

Ning Bai said: "This is what is special about Zhao Shenyang. The method of breathing he has mastered is more proficient than other martial arts."

Lu Fanchi admired: "This is practice makes perfect? ​​Kill a pig and kill a sword!"

Zhao Shenyang concentrated his attention on Tang Xiu without holding back his hands. He concentrated on it. He seemed to see a fatal spot on Tang Xiu's neck with his eyes.

In an instant, he raised the knife to Tang Xiu's neck and slashed, drawing an arc of blood.

On the other side, Jiang Li and the others were obviously at a disadvantage. Wuyu alone was already difficult to deal with, and the other two kept interlacing their fists and claws.

Lu Fanchi jumped out, and when he was in the air, two or three blue lights on his fingertips forced Mei Han and Cha Shisan to retreat.

Lu Cui took the opportunity to slap on Cha Shisan's body, the deafening thunder gradually elongated from near to far.

Mo Zhao, who had already had a big bow on his back, shot out an arrow, and the spirit pattern on the blade of the arrow flickered. Suddenly, two snake shadows appeared, and two giant pythons bared their fangs, swallowing Cha Shisan in his mouth.

"Miss Jiang!"

Following Lu Fanchi's shout, Jiang Li looked at Lu Fanchi's position, suddenly realized, and threw out a silver needle, passing Wu Yumeihan, and flying straight to Lu Fanchi's finger.

Lu Fanchi flicked back the silver needle with one finger, and Jiang Li sent the needle again.

Countless silver needles were seen spinning around the desperate pair of mandarin ducks, sealing off the escape route.

Lu Fanchi turned his fingers into palms, grasped the thin thread behind the needle with one hand, and Jiang Lian on the other hand also tightened the thread in his hand, and the countless needles and threads were passed by the two, entangled Wu Yu and Mei Han.

Lu Cui looked at the immobile medicine man, and was about to strike, when Lu Fanchi shouted: "Wait!"

The young man approached Wu Yumeihan with lonely eyes. If Wu Yu had been careful that night, maybe the two of them would not have become medicine masters. He blamed himself for not taking everything into consideration. He should have thought of Fang Daoquan's cruelty.

Seeing Mei Han baring her teeth and grunting, the saliva flowed out from the corners of her mouth, on her wrinkled face, the oiran's usual charm was no longer there.

Lu Fanchi's fingertips gathered blue light, and said with a wry smile: "Ugly..."

After the words fell, Qingguang carried through the two of them, completely ending their pain.

Su Ran breathed a sigh of relief, and asked, "What should we do next? What does Fang Daoquan mean by the five-nation army?"

Lu Fanchi said: "Ziwei appeared, the emperor came, Fang Daoquan wanted to use Ziwei star to lure the five kings to compete for Ziwei star, so as to become emperor and merge the six kingdoms."

Lu Cui said: "Isn't that? What we are going to do?"

Lu Fanchi shook his head and said: "No, Fang Daoquan's purpose is to let all those who want to be emperors die under the weapons of the Yaoren. I don't know why he did this. Now that the armies of the five countries are approaching the city, the Yu Kingdom is in danger. If the country is to perish, it will be the Yu Kingdom. die first."

Mo Zhaodao: "Qingji Altar, Fang Daoquan should be there."

Lu Fanchi asked: "How do you know?"

Mo Zhaodao: "That is the place where King Yu worships the heavens and gods. Fang Daoquan should guide Ziweixing there."

Lu Fanchi pondered for a moment, and said: "You go to the Great Wall of Prison Dragon, and you can't let all the medicine men in the dungeon escape. I'll go find Fang Daoquan."

Su Ran worried: "Sir? That Fang Daoquan is..."

"I know."

Mo Zhao said in a deep voice: "Not only in the dungeon, but also in other places...there are countless medicine men, and we can't stop them at all."

Seeing everyone hesitating negatively, Lu Fanchi shouted: "If you can't stop it, you have to stop it! If you die, you have to stop it! I don't care who is the emperor or the hegemony!"

Lu Fanchi couldn't forget Mei Han who was in the small bamboo house that night, including those Yuguo people who were in the field. Once the medicine men came out, they treated all friends and enemies equally, and it wasn't just the kings of the six kingdoms who were destroyed.

At this time, there was a sound in the room, but Lu Fanchi ignored it, turned to Su Ran and said, "Miss Su, you and Mr. Ning stay here and watch her."

Lu Fanchi immediately turned around and took out the wooden sword, stepping on the sword and flying away.

Ning Bai shook his head and said: "Going to find Fang Daoquan alone is undoubtedly sending him to death. What are you thinking, sir?"

Lu Cui scolded angrily: "Hey, Mister has his own plan, we can just follow it, don't you want to see the country perish? Don't forget, our lives are all given by God Xuannv, and we promised to help Yu If the king proclaims himself emperor, even if he can't do it, at least he should do what he should do right now, at worst, he will die."

Zhao Shenyang glanced at it, took a rag to wipe off the blood on the knife, put it on his waist, set an example, and walked towards the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall.

Lu Cui also followed, and laughed loudly: "Brother Zhao is more refreshing!"

Su Ran looked at Mo Zhao who was unmoved, and asked, "Aren't you going?"

Mo Zhao smiled and said, "Both of them are stunned, one hits ten, but I am not."

"Then what are you going to do?"

Mo Zhao took out a soldier talisman, then walked over and said, "Shake people."

Suspended in the air, Lu Fanchi could see a beam of light soaring into the sky from a distance in front of him, and the tiny figure on the ground must be Fang Daoquan.

Lu Fanchi was not in a hurry to fight, and he couldn't beat him with his hands. He approached the Qingji altar and landed slowly.

On the stage, nine bronze tripods were lined up neatly, emitting dazzling light one by one.

Fang Daoquan stood in front of the cauldron, chanting formulas, and he felt that Lu Fanchi behind him was slowly walking towards him.

According to legend, the descendants of the empress collected gold, copper and stones, cast Jiuding, offered sacrifices to all gods in the heaven, and went down to the town of demons and ghosts to ensure the smooth weather of China and the well-being of the human race. Since then, it has become a symbol of the emperor. Now that China is divided, the six In the troubled times of the country, Jiuding, which had disappeared without a trace, appeared here.

Fang Daoquan stopped his movements, turned around and said, "Did you see, this is Jiuding."

Lu Fanchi said: "I'm not blind."

Fang Daoquan looked around and said in shock: "You dare to come to me alone? Are you not afraid of death?"

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "Scared."

Fang Daoquan stroked his long beard, squinted his eyes, and thought that Lu Fanchi's mind was changeable, how could he come here by himself, there must be a fraud.

Lu Fanchi also followed Fang Daoquan's gaze, turned around and looked around, and said, "Aren't you alone too? Are you not afraid?"

Fang Daoquan said: "You are really interesting, I should have killed you right from the beginning!"

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "It's not too late to do it now, but I want to know what you want to do?"

Fang Daoquan said: "Then I will let you understand."


		