

Today, red hydrangeas are hung high in the Jingfeng Tower, and the oiran ascends the tower, just like a thing for the people below.

The arena was full of people, and they were all guessing who the oiran would get.

Wu Yu and the others sat in the viewing seats beside the ring, and the one who caught the eye was the one in the black robe and the mask.

Mei Han's eyes are lonely, she is not looking forward to this competition, no matter who is the winner, she is just a bargaining chip in this farce.

The crowd was noisy, they had not waited for the Chu family to come, they all whispered in the crowd, Lu Fanchi was pretending to be the Chu family that day, and did not dare to come.

A man wearing a red scarf, naked and beating the drum, was cheered by the audience. The man in the black robe stood on the stage first and looked at Mei Han on the top.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Beat the drum three times.

Lu Fanchi came late, followed by Lu Cui, Fan Qing, and Chu Xiang.

Chu Xiang raised the Chu family flag high and shouted: "Chu family Chu big bird! Here it is."

Wu Tian turned to Wu Yu beside him and said, "Senior brother, is he really from the Chu family? I have never heard of the name Chu Daque."

Wu Yu said: "Didn't you see the person he raised the flag? That's Chu Xiang from the Chu family. If he can call, even if it's fake, he can still say it's true."

Lu Fanchi stepped onto the ring, looked at the black robe in front of him, and felt a strong smell of medicine, which confirmed Mei Han's statement. He put on a mask, probably because he didn't want people to see his rotten face.

Lu Fanchi shouted: "Young Master Wu, is this the man who wants to compete with me for the heart of the oiran? Why is he wearing a mask?"

Wu Yu had already guessed that Lu Fanchi would ask, so she didn't feel flustered, and said, "Young Master Chu, you don't show people face to face, so naturally you want to leave it to Miss Mei."

Lu Fanchi turned his eyes to the black robe in front of him, and whispered, "I'll take off your mask later."

Wu Yu waved her fan and said, "Let's begin."

As soon as the words fell, the black robe took the lead in attacking him, and threw out a punch. Seeing Lu Fanchi dodge, the next moment he punched twice.

Lu Fanchi was unhurried, dodging slowly, the black robe's fists were exaggerated, almost only brute force, no moves, he looked like a monk, more like an ordinary person, but this person's fists were tight, every punch was full of anger and Killing intent, attacking him.

Seeing that Lu Fanchi was like a loach, the black robe kept dodging with his body and waist combined with his footsteps, and stretched out his palm directly, grabbing Lu Fanchi's robe.

The black-robed hand opened from the inside to the outside, Lu Fanchi spun with his waist down, and took off his robe to cover the opponent's sight.

The black robe directly tore Lu Fanchi's robe like a beast, but froze in place for an instant.

Lu Fanchi used the robe as bait, and pointed at Qing Guang behind the robe, ready to go.

"Accepted!"

Just when everyone thought that the blue light was about to reveal the black robe mask, they didn't expect the blue light to fly towards the auditorium behind that person.

Wu Yu didn't pay attention, he didn't have time to gather energy, he raised his hand vigorously, and blocked it with his arm.

At this moment, Lu Fanchi showed a weird smile, looked at Wu Yu who was in a hurry, and pretended to be stupid again: "Oh, my hand slipped, Young Master Wu, are you okay?"

Wu Tian shouted: "You fucking did it on purpose!"

Wu Yu hid her arm in her sleeve and said, "Junior Brother, don't be impulsive."

Just when he thought he was going to continue, the black robe suddenly rushed to the roof.

Mei Han's face paled, seeing the black robe stretch out his hand, his legs limp and fell to the ground, at a loss.

Lu Fanchi was surprised for a moment, he hesitated, what he was facing now was an opportunity to reveal the mask of the black robe and let everyone know the secret of the "medicine man"!

But Mei Han might die again.

"Lu Cui!" Lu Fanchi, who was too late to catch up, shouted from the ground.

Lu Cui jumped out from the auditorium, his figure seemed bulky, but he was close to the black robe, at the same height as him, between lightning and flint.

Thunder and lightning flashed under Lu Cui's feet, he spun around in mid-air, and raised his foot to hit the black robe, and the mask fell off.

The black robe fell to the ground quickly like a shrimp.

boom!

I saw gray smoke rising from the ring to block the crowd, but I didn't know what the face behind the black robe mask looked like, Lu Fanchi quickly approached and escaped into the smoke.

He focused his eyes on the black robe that had fallen to the ground, and after only one glance, a hand stretched out without knowing it instantly covered the face of the black robe.

When the gray smoke dissipated, Lu Fanchi raised his eyes to look at the auditorium, only to see the black robe suddenly appearing beside Wu Tian.

Before Lu Fanchi could open his mouth, Wu Yu said first, "Young Master Chu, did you lose?"

The audience was full of doubts, and Lu Fanchi also froze in place, obviously falling into the trap.

They didn't even want to win in the arena. The other party knew that their cultivation at the Bone Refining Realm would definitely not be able to keep up with the speed of the medicine man, but Lu Cui's appearance broke the rules.

Wu Tian pulled his throat and said with a smile: "Everyone can see clearly, the Chu family broke the rules! This competition is unfair, obviously, they lost! The Chu family lost!"

Lu Cui shouted: "It's obvious that you are cheating!"

There were sighs in the audience, and the leaders of both sides, Lu Fanchi and Wuyu looked at each other calmly.

The young man murmured, but did not make a sound.

But Wu Yu sneered and said, "Young master Chu lost too much to speak out? You should speak louder if you want to curse."

"Miss Mei!"

Someone in the audience pointed to the sky and shouted, only to see Mei Han stepping out and falling from the upstairs.

Wu Yu stepped out of the auditorium with a speed comparable to that of Lu Cui just now.

Just when Mei Han's face was less than a finger away from the ground, she was lifted up in a levitation, and was sent to Wu Yu by a gust of wind.

Wu Yu approached Lu Fanchi, patted his shoulder and said, "My lord, I will take her away."

Mei Han was carried on Wu Yu's shoulders, and angrily said to Lu Fanchi who was stunned in place: "Lu Fanchi, you bastard...."

Looking at the gradually dispersed crowd, as well as Wu Yu and the others leaving, Lu Fanchi still stood there, and he adjusted his clothes slowly, as if he didn't care about it.

Chu Xiang walked to the side, and said flatly: "You lost, and the Chu family also lost."

Lu Fanchi smiled and said: "Well... so what, it was just a farce, and the soldier amulet is returned to you, it is your Chu family's property."

Chu Xiang took the soldier talisman inexplicably, looked at the smiling young man, and was very puzzled, didn't he lose?

night, late night.

Jingfeng Tower lost half of its people without the oiran.

The lights are not continuing, and everyone sleeps peacefully.

Lu Fanchi hates walking at night, and he can't see clearly in dark places, but he walked into the alley of Jingfeng Building and climbed up the stairs at the back to the top of the building.

Everything was dark, but it was very clear.

Lu Fanchi visually inspected the distance to the ground, and couldn't help sighing, this Mei Han is really bold, jumping as soon as she says.

The boy then stepped on the tiled wall next to him, and jumped up to the highest point of Jingfeng Tower.

A figure seemed to be waiting there for a long time.

"Hey, it's really interesting for you guys to be traitors, you like to meet at a high place so much?"

"Sir, you are really sharp, find this."

"Please, can you be more obvious in the way you handed the note, patting the shoulder to hide the paper?"

"It's urgent, that's why I carried Miss Mei to cover my sight."

"Okay, tell me, in Xuannv Cult, who is a ghost and who is a human."


		