

The prisoner dragon was stained with blood, and the wind was still there. The Allied Forces of the Five Nations led by Qing Wang Wei Ning'e retreated to the mountain pass. After the battle, they were terrified and did not evacuate on the same day.

Changing from white clothes to red clothes, Chen Qingrou followed Wen Renque's request and stood on the top of the city for ten days and half a month. Anyone who saw the army of the five countries stepping half a step into the Prison Dragon Great Wall could kill with a raised sword.

In the past ten days and a half months, Yuguo has slowly returned to normal, Mo Zhao and other generals have been cleaning up and down the prison dragon Great Wall all the time.

Although Fang Dao's national teacher died, King Yu was bedridden with illness, and his son was too young to take on the big responsibility. The officials headed by Ning Bai took over the position of supervisor for a short time.

In the small bamboo hut, Lu Fanchi was unconscious, he was still breathing, but he was like a dead person, with blank eyes, lying motionless on his bamboo couch.

Not only is Xuannv teaching everyone, Wenrenque is also extremely impatient.

During this period, an old man visited the door, claiming to be the physician Lan Boshan among the twelve members of the Xuannv Sect. Under the repeated requests of Su Ran and others, Lan Boshan explained the reason why he had not shown up and revealed it to everyone. The skin of immortality bestowed by Xuannv.

Lan Boshan studied under Yaowangshan, specialized in herbal medicine, and is really good at diagnosing difficult and miscellaneous diseases, but Lu Fanchi is not sick, so he shook his head that day and said: "There is nothing we can do."

After that, it was not useless, and Ning Bai dragged him to Jinyuan Palace that day to diagnose King Yu.

In Lu Fanchi's sea of ​​consciousness, it was like chaos, the air of the nine cauldrons had already occupied his body, the spiritual roots bestowed on him by the Xuannv had already been destroyed into pieces, and the petals of the lotus flower were completely closed.

"Lu Fanchi."

Lu Fanchi heard a familiar voice, but he didn't know where it came from.

In the endless black mist, he couldn't see his fingers. He raised his head, and there was a faint light on the top, which was slowly expanding.

"Lu Fanchi."

After a sound, that faint beam of light fell, and the dazzling light caused Lu Fanchi to raise his hand to cover his face.

The breeze blew past, and a misty fragrance wafted through his nostrils. Lu Fanchi put down his hands, and the surroundings changed.

There was a mist, and there was a blue sky on the top, as if standing on a sea of ​​clouds, Lu Fanchi looked back indifferently.

A silk scarf flashed past his eyes, and he stretched out his hand to flap the scarf indiscriminately, only to see Xuannv suddenly appear and stand in front of him.

"haven't seen you for a long time."

"Mysterious girl!"

Lu Fanchi was surprised at first, and then thought of what the fairy Tuomeng said.

Thinking of the Xuannv Temple back then, he said angrily: "Okay, Xuannv, you lied to me!"

Xuannu pretended to be ignorant, and said, "Cheat you? When did I do it?"

Lu Fanchi sat down abruptly, and vomited: "If you had told me the current situation of Yuguo directly, you wouldn't be like this!"

Xuannv said: "I can't say that, I don't know who is the inner ghost in Xuannv's sect, once I say it, the inner ghost has grasped your motives for coming to Yuguo, or in other words, took precautions before you came, At that time, your situation will be very difficult, it is better to let you infer and guess step by step."

Lu Fanchi asked: "What if I guess wrong?"

Xuannv smiled and said, "I chose you because I believe that you will not guess wrong."

Lu Fanchi always felt that Xuannv was making a fuss out of a molehill. If he had made it clear from the beginning, instead he would have prepared as much as possible to prevent the Allied Forces of the Five Nations, and perhaps many people would not have died because of it.

In the confrontation before the battle, when he heard Renque's words, and other things he didn't know, Lu Fanchi had been wondering about the existence of Jiuding, the lifeline of the Six Kingdoms, the demise of the Si clan, and even why he had been sinking into the consciousness of chaos. in the sea.

Lu Fanchi guessed: "Li Jiang ten years ago, it was you who asked King Yu to lead the soldiers to destroy the Si clan, right?"

Xuannv was noncommittal, smiled, and said, "It's me, why? You want to come and ask me about the cause and effect?"

Lu Fanchi clenched his fists, he didn't expect Xuannv to admit it so readily.

How the Si family was discovered hiding in Lijiang, except for the gods, who else would know?

Lu Fanchi gritted his teeth and said, "Why did you do this? If it weren't for this, there would be no Fang Daoquan, let alone all kinds of things now."

Xuannv said: "Fang Daoquan is a step I missed, otherwise Yu Country would have already controlled the lifeline of the Six Kingdoms by relying on the Nine Tripods."

Lu Fanchi had no patience, and said, "What the hell is going on!"

Xuannv approached Lu Fanchi, and lightly touched the young man's eyes, only to see a long river of time appearing in front of the young man's eyes.

Xuannv continued: "Emperor Yu, although it is said that he came here by abdication, he governed the great waters, ruled Shenzhou, made a generation of emperors, and built Jiuding, guided Ziweixing, and left the emperor's luck on the Si clan. A member of the Si tribe can become emperor, Lu Fanchi, do you think this is fair?"

Lu Fanchi didn't answer this question, but remembered the doubts Si Yu had given him, and he said, "This is why the Si people live on Jiuding? Once they leave Jiuding, the emperor's luck will not support them."

Xuannv nodded in response, and said: "Relying on Jiuding and Ziweixing, the Si people have dominated Shenzhou for thousands of years. They intended to calm the hearts of the people, so they divided Shenzhou into six places, but they did not expect that the emperor's fortune in Jiuding would be captured by the six places. "

"In order to stabilize the throne, the people of the Si clan entrusted Jiuding to some of the Si clan for safekeeping and hid it in Lijiang. Now it has also fulfilled the saying that the long-term union must be divided. The descendants of Emperor Yu were killed and the former palace was razed to the ground. , although the Nine Cauldrons are nowhere to be found, the Lord of the Six Lands established the present Six Kingdoms by relying on the remaining imperial luck."

Lu Fanchi then added: "In this way, this is the reason why Jiuding controls the lifeblood of the Six Kingdoms. Wei Ning'e and others did not dare to kill me that day because they were afraid that the lifeblood of the Six Kingdoms would lose the protection of Jiuding. At that time, some local gentry would also Deprive them of their luck, occupy their land, establish themselves as kings, divide China into subdivisions, and the world will rise together, causing chaos?"

"At the same time, the six kings will not break this unwritten rule, but God Xuannv, why do you want King Yu to get Jiuding?"

Xuannv paced back and forth, looking back suddenly, as if grasping fate in one hand, she said in a deep voice, "I need the energy of the Nine Cauldrons! And since I have chosen Yuguo, I will not let it perish easily, Liuheyi is the long river of time s Choice."

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "Yu Country is your pawn, not to mention your Xuannv Sect."

Xuannv raised her head and lowered her eyes, looked at the tiny mortal in front of her, and said: "I gave everyone's life in Xuannv's teaching. If it wasn't for me, they would have entered the reincarnation of heaven. I interfered with their lifespan. They I should replace me in the world, so, can you guess what I need now?"

Lu Fanchi shook his head and said, "I can give you the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons, but I have conditions."

"Do you think you are qualified to negotiate terms?"

"Have!"

Lu Fanchi bared his tongue and made a grimace. Both sides want Jiuding, so he can force the Six Kings to retreat, and he can also force Xuannv to negotiate terms with him.

Lu Fanchi smiled and said: "The spiritual root you gave me has been crushed into powder, so naturally I don't have the skin of immortality. Now I can easily kill myself here, and the spirit of the nine cauldrons will disappear. What are you going to do, what are you doing, or in other words, what does the chaos in the world have to do with me?"

"You think I'll let you die?"

"I don't think you will, but this is in my sea of ​​consciousness, in my dream, and it's not in your Xuannv Temple. What I want to do here, it's not up to the Xuannv God to interfere, right?"

Lu Fanchi walked forward, flicked his fingers, and the Xuannv in front of him dissipated like a phantom, and then gathered together again.

"you!"

Lu Fanchi said to himself: "Fang Daoquan once told me in his capacity as Cha Shisan that gods can't descend to the mortal world. If the real body is not here, then the one in front of you must be a fake body! Unless it's Xuannv Temple, if it's not your territory, can you help me?" what?"

A mortal dares to play tricks on the gods.

At this moment in the fairy world, in a palace, Xuannv's real body was so angry that she shattered the cup in front of her. After a moment of dullness, she used her false body and said calmly to Lu Fanchi, "What conditions?"

Lu Fanchi smiled and said: "King Yu proclaims the emperor and Feng Luling... I will still help you. After all, God Xuannv saved me, so I will not be ignorant of good and evil. I will definitely repay Xuannv's kindness, but I need freedom , I don't want any three-year deadline to bind me, "

Xuannv thought about it carefully, how could she let mortals take advantage of her, and said: "I can promise you these things, but I want to take back your spiritual root and immortal body."

"Okay, you can take it."

Lu Fanchi stretched out his hands and feet generously, ready to let Xuannv extract the spiritual root.

The Qi of the Nine Cauldrons must be given. If this thing stays in the body, it is not only difficult to control, but also has no benefit.

Anyway, this spiritual root is useless now, and even if he can't practice spiritual energy in the future, he can learn from Zhao Shenyang to practice true energy. It is also a practice, and there is always a way for him to dare to challenge the monks in the world.

The real body of Xuannv who was in the fairy world was pulled out with one hand, like picking something out of a bag, the lotus flower in Lu Fanchi's body was pulled out from the heart.

"Hiss." Lu Fanchi couldn't help crying out in pain.

This kind of tingling is like pulling out the barb on the finger, and taking it away with the skin.

Xuannv acted decisively, and hurriedly said: "It's your turn."

Lu Fanchi waved his hand to condense, the air of the nine tripods in the spirit pill floated out, pointed towards the sky, and the nine bronze tripods, following a stream of black and yellow air, parted the cloud curtain and all flew into the hands of Xuannv's real body.

In the Sea of ​​Consciousness, the chaos seemed to be split by a sword, and the scene in front of him suddenly opened a gap, and Lu Fanchi walked along with it, and returned to the familiar Plum Blossom Cliff.

Lu Fanchi looked back at the sky, from this, he would not be controlled by Xuannv, and he could do everything according to his mind.

As he approached the stele, the first thought he had was to answer the question on the stele.

How humane.

Si Yu once said that it is up to Lu Fanchi to find out by himself.

The answer may lie in this world, isn't the search for the word just to let yourself go to see China?

If you don't travel around the world, go all over China, and talk to people, how will you know what is humane?

In the fairy world, Xuannv collected the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons in a small green bottle.

She lowered her eyes suddenly, and said softly: "The kindness... can you pay it back?"


		