

"You! What kind of second couplet are you!" Mei Han was furious, wishing to tear down the curtain of the car.

"Doesn't it count? That means I lost, I beat your guard, and I lost to you in the pair, girl, so it's evened." Lu Fanchi spread his hands, then clasped his fists and said politely.

"You... get out of the way!"

Mei Han reluctantly got into the car, biting her fingers between her teeth, and knocked on the ground sullenly, urging the coachman to drive away.

The two sides gave enough face to each other, everyone saw clearly that it was Lu Fanchi who lost to Mei Han, but they lowered their heads and whispered that it was Lu Fanchi who didn't want to get involved with him, and took a step back by himself, not a gentleman, but he seemed to be a gentleman.

Watching the carriage go away, Lu Fanchi didn't stay here, seeing his sleeves in disarray, he shook his head helplessly, and led Fan Qing away with a smile.

"Fan Qing, don't kneel easily in the future." Lu Fanchi said softly.

Fan Qing lowered his head at this time, not daring to look directly at his young master, not feeling wronged in his heart, on the contrary, he should not face it.

Once under the high walls of the Mansion of Doom, Dugua just looked forward and hoped so much every day. She wanted to leave more than anyone else, and she dared not leave more than anyone else.

When she was led away, the moment she stepped out of the Mansion of Doom, she looked back with her little head, and the dozen or so childish smiling faces were not envy or jealousy, they were mocking the adopters, so she thought she was not worthy leave on.

Lu Fanchi didn't know about Fan Qing's past, but he knew very well in his heart that it was neither rich nor noble. Under the cage, he had to ask questions even if he looked up at the sky, let alone wanting to be free. Fan Qing raised his inferiority complex since he was a child .

Sancai Qiyuan Tea House was right in front of them, and the two fell silent as they watched the closed door.

"What! It's closed!"

Lu Fanchi's head hurts, is this Cha Shisan a businessman? It's not open for business, but closed.

Just as he was about to leave, a stooped old man strolled over with a cane. He patted the young man on the shoulder and said, "Young master, do you want tea? If you want tea, you can go and have a look behind."

Lu Fanchi understood this, and walked to the back from the side alley.

Sure enough, the man in black was leaning against the wall, and when he saw Lu Fanchi walking in, he opened the stone door and invited him in.

Lu Fanchi remained silent, drinking tea like a thief.

In the backyard of Sancai Qiyuan, there is a stone pavilion, backed by rockery, surrounded by flowing water, which seems to have the charm of backing mountains and water. Lu Fanchi looked at it, and the gauze curtain was pulled down in the pavilion. The figure behind the curtain, you don’t need to think about it. three.

Lu Fanchi and Fanqing sat in front of the curtain, the hot tea was ready, and Cha Shisan seemed to expect that he would come.

"You make it so mysterious, isn't it troublesome?" Lu Fanchi picked up the teacup, took a small sip, and said.

"It must be because of you, sir, you are making such a fuss in the West Market, and you will inevitably attract attention, so you ordered people to close the door and wait for you in the backyard."

Behind the gauze curtain, Tea Thirteen didn't wear a mask, while talking, he made another cup of tea and handed it to Fan Qing.

The little idiot rolled up his sleeves, took it carefully with both hands, and immediately put it on the table when it was so hot.

"I'm really sorry. To be honest, I need someone from Yuguo who is not influenced by Yuguo." Lu Fanchi said while wiping Fanqing's drenched clothes.

"Oh? It seems that you have seen the people of Yuguo, sir, why don't you talk about your plan first, and then look for people." Cha Shisan said.

Lu Fanchi drank a cup of Chinese tea in one gulp, put it in front of him, and said: "I also thought of a way on the way, the national teacher is a medicine maker, let's make medicine pills, and we can do anything, but I need someone who will not be affected to do it." If we are a leading figure, we will bias the hearts of the people towards us, and those drug dealers will naturally be unable to sit still, and will run out by themselves."

Cha Shisan took the teacup, raised his hand and poured out another cup, and said, "Sir, it's a great plan, but no one can take on this risky person. Among the officials in my teaching, the biggest one is Ning Bai, who is Sikong in the court. He didn't dare either."

Lu Fanchi tapped the table three times with two fingers, took the teacup and said: "So, I need someone who is not afraid of the national teacher, who is outside the government of the Yu Kingdom, and who can talk, is there?"

Cha Shisan wiped off the tea on the table with a cloth towel in his hand, thought it over, and said with a smile, "Yes, I'm afraid the master can't call."

"Tell me first." Lu Fanchi looked at Fan Qing who was playing with teacups next to him, like a father and daughter, and patted Fan Qing's head as a reminder.

"General Changwei, Chu Muqing."

"Is it a stabbing head?" After the voice on the side quieted down, Lu Fanchi continued to ask.

Cha Shisan lowered his head behind the curtain and smiled, and said: "When you meet someone, it's better to change your clothes first. After you go out, you can turn to the right. There is a tailor shop. The proprietress's skills are good, you can try it."

Lu Fanchi's tattered clothes are indeed not suitable for meeting people. There is something in the chapter 13. It is estimated that the proprietress of the tailor shop is also a teacher of Xuannv.

He tidied up his clothes and said, "Try it, you are telling me about Fang Daoquan, the national teacher."

Cha Shisan raised his head and sighed, a little hard to say, and said: "Fang Daoquan, how do you start? Before this man became a national teacher, his traces were completely wiped out. I don't know where he came from. I only know that after the national teacher, King Yu fell ill. , the queen was also banned in the Jinyuan Palace, and she repaired the prison dragon, refined the armor, recruited monks, and strengthened the court. Now there are three disciples under her seat, all of whom are at the third level of heart training. As for him, he is at the fifth level of heart training, so ah..."

"So we can't fight with our cultivation base, and we can't fight with our brains?"

"That's right, if Xuannv descends to earth, she will be easily overthrown."

"Speaking of this, why didn't Xuannv descend to the mortal world? Did she order you to find a mortal?" Lu Fanchi couldn't help asking.

Cha Shisan smiled and said, "The task is naturally the same as that of the master. As for not descending to the mortal world, don't you know that the gods can't descend to the mortal world after the battle between humans, immortals and demons thousands of years ago."

There is also such a thing about the battle between immortals and demons, not only the past of Yu country, but also the past of the entire land of Shenzhou, Lu Fanchi doesn't know, but the most urgent thing is to find someone first, and ask about these later.

Lu Fanchi patted the little idiot and was about to leave when Cha Shisan reminded: "Sir! Next time, you can go to the Jingfeng Building in Dongshi and call Miss Su Ran, she will lead you to me."

The young man couldn't help but roll his eyes, the meeting of the Cha Shisan couple was cumbersome, mysterious and mysterious, so cautious, could it be that they stayed in the teahouse for leisure and elegance, and fell ill.

The two went out, followed the direction Cha Shisan had just mentioned, and turned right.

In the penultimate shop, there was a woman in plain clothes, wearing a scarf and not showing the ends of her hair, without rouge makeup on her face, but very bright, raising her eyebrows to look at the sky, her eyes were more desolate than the waning moon.

She found Lu Fanchi and Fan Qing who were coming, clasped her hands to her waist, lowered her hands slightly, and saluted, "Little girl Jiang Li, are you two Young Master Lu and Miss Fan Qing?"

"Exactly." Lu Fanchi held down Fanqing in a trance with one hand, and bowed together.

"Then come in with me, the wooden sword that the young master forgot on the Great Wall has always been with the little girl."


		