

Fang Daoquan said: "I am a descendant of Dayu, from the Si clan!"

Lu Fanchi asked doubtfully, "Da Yu? Si's lineage?"

"That's right, it was my Si family who repaired the Jiuding to protect Shenzhou! And since the death of Emperor Yu, Ziwei returned to the throne, and the tribes in Shenzhou were divided! The people in Shenzhou were devastated, killed and fled! After thousands of years, there is today's Six Nations."

"In order to avoid the chaos of war, my Si family took Jiuding with me and lived in seclusion here. It is a land of flowers, fruits, water and soil, where everyone lives and works in peace and contentment, but! You! These so-called kings! They covet Jiuding! They want to be emperors!"

"Three times and five times! Harass my clan land, kill my clan members! My clan moved all the way to Lijiang in order to survive."

Seeing that Fang Daoquan's demeanor became more and more lonely, it seemed that he was recalling the tragic situation of the clansman being mutilated back then. He closed his eyes and calmed down for a moment, then turned around and pointed to the sky to vent his anger, and cursed bitterly.

"But King Yu! Zhou Zan! You bastard! Ten years ago, he launched another war and found Li Jiang. Do you know how those people treated my people?"

"Disemboweled! Dig a hole and bury alive! My Si family's thousand-year-old magic formula was burned one by one, and my eight-year-old grandson was hanged to death! I am inhumane in refining medicine, so are they human?"

"Ten years of hard work, all the way incognito, I eat pig food! Eat that pickled thing, become a national teacher, for this moment! I want to kill these so-called kings! One by one!"

Fang Daoquan walked up to Lu Fanchi, but the young man was unmoved, he could really feel the sadness, hate and pity in every word of the old man in front of him.

Lu Fanchi couldn't refute, he could only be an audience, he couldn't even have sympathy in his heart, and he couldn't let it go. How is Fang Daoquan's behavior different from the Yuguo he said? No one can persuade others to put down the butcher's knife without knowing what happened to them.

The emperor's hegemony is originally a purgatory, that's what Chu Muqing said about Shura.

Fang Daoquan's family members were buried in this chaotic war, as was Chu Muqing's Chu family.

Fang Daoquan said again: "Lu Fanchi! I know you are different from them. Regarding Fanqing, your character is worthy of my life, but if you stop me..."

Said at this time, Fang Daoquan stretched out a finger and struck behind Lu Fanchi. After a moment of silence, he saw the spiritual energy from that finger leaking out, and the palace three miles away instantly collapsed.

Fang Daoquan gave Lu Fanchi a blow.

Lu Fanchi was not afraid at all, and said flatly: "Fang Daoquan, I hope you tell me the way to control Yaoren, I can't let Yaoren trample those innocent people."

Fang Daoquan smiled and said: "Naive! Lu Fanchi! The king's crime is the same as that of the common people, and I treat them equally. They are not good things. Look, I am just a lie, and even relatives and friends can be abandoned!"

Lu Fanchi clenched his fists tightly, his palms were about to bleed, until the sound of beating drums came from the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall, resounding through the sky.

The boy turned around in panic, which was the signal for the arrival of the five-nation army.

Soldiers and horses entered the mountain pass, the Great Wall of Prison Dragon ignited beacon fires, soldiers from Yuguo climbed to the attic of the Four Beasts, and four thousand-square crossbows were ready to go off.

From the east came Xuanguo, where mountains and plains were covered in golden armor, horses were trotting downhill, and the faces of soldiers were dark.

And the barbarians in the north went into battle shirtless, with animal bones on their heads, and animal blood on their faces, holding a crescent scimitar, riding a giant beast with fangs, roaring loudly.

On the top of the mountain, the Qingguo Fei ferry boat is floating among the floating clouds. The people on the boat are dressed in white and black armor, with foreheads on their heads and gentleman jade hanging on their waists.

To the south, the Shu people came out from the mountain pass with a three-foot bronze staff and a Gu box on their backs.

Only a few people from Wu Kingdom stood on the edge of the cliff, and they didn't seem to intend to compete for Ziwei Xing.

Fang Daoquan listened to the soul-stirring drumbeat, and said with a smile, "Here we come, finally here, Lu Fanchi! If you have nothing to say, leave quickly, don't hinder me!"

Lu Fanchi closed his eyes and shook his head, "I can't let you do this..."

Fang Daoquan said angrily: "Then let's fight! I want to see how you can fight me with your bone refinement!"

Fang Daoquan made a formation on the spot, and countless black hands emerged from the ground and came in surprise.

Lu Fanchi jumped up, turned around in the air, the black hand swept past the bottom, then turned back, and rushed towards Lu Fanchi again.

In mid-air, Lu Fanchi sacrificed the wooden sword and kicked towards the handle of the sword. The wooden sword was hit by force, the spirit pattern flashed, the sword body was entangled with spiritual energy, and the black hand was scattered.

Before he landed, Fang Daoquan flashed close to him, slashed down with a knife in his hand, and said angrily: "You can bear the resentment of thousands of Si clansmen!"

When Lu Fanchi was suspended in the air, he raised his hands to protect his chest, a hand knife pierced his arms and shook his chest, the internal organs in his body felt like hitting a boulder, and he fell to the ground.

The ground was shattered by the shock of Lu Fanchi's body, a mouthful of blood spurted out, and it could be recovered, and the pain of grinding the flesh could not dissipate for a long time.

Lu Fanchi got up slowly, and said: "Fang Daoquan! If people are not benevolent, they will harm themselves; if the sky is not benevolent, the sky will perish. If you act like this, even if you kill everyone, it will not change!"

"Ignorant child, do you know the grievances that the old man hears day and night? Kill!"

Fang Daoquan thundered and hid his sleeves, raised his hand, and the three thousand thunders and lightnings transformed into countless blue snake teeth, and rushed towards the ground.

Lu Fanchi slapped the ground with both palms, drawing spiritual barriers all over his body to block the lightning strikes.

The spiritual power of the two sides collided, red threads appeared in Lu Fanchi's eyes, and blood overflowed between his teeth. The spiritual energy in his body was fully exerted, but the spiritual barrier was still slowly shattering.

The cyan snake teeth pierced through immediately, biting Lu Fanchi's whole body.

Seeing that the young man failed to fall down, Fang Daoquan laughed and said, "Are you using the skin of immortality to consume my spiritual power? This old man will help you!"

After finishing speaking, Fang Daoquan raised his hand to make a tactic, and a fire suddenly ignited behind him, turning into a flame dragon and rushing straight into the air.

The flame dragon raised its head to the sky and screamed, and rushed to Lu Fanchi's head, the dragon's mouth opened wide, engulfing Lu Fanchi in the flames.

Fang Daoquan smiled disdainfully, allowing Lu Fanchi to struggle in the flames, and within a moment, he would be reduced to ashes.

Just as he was about to turn around, a roar made Fang Daoquan look in the direction of the boy in surprise.

"Fang Daoquan! I'm not dead yet!"

In the flames, the figure moved forward slowly, the hair on the head was still burning, and the skin, which was originally charcoal black, gradually recovered the moment it stepped out of the flame.

"You! Your immortal skin!"

Fang Daoquan couldn't believe his eyes. When Tang Xiu's immortal skin was burned with fire, he couldn't last for a moment, but Lu Fanchi's immortal skin recovered so quickly.

"Lu Fanchi!"

Fang Daoquan's eyes were full of satisfaction, he wanted to get Lu Fanchi's immortal skin!

I saw the formula in his hand, and the spiritual power from the Nine Cauldrons behind his back concentrated on Fang Dao's body and merged into one palm.

Boom!

The moment Fang Daoquan stepped out of the ground, a huge hole was left, and the power of the nine cauldrons gathered in one palm, enough to cause the sky to collapse.

Lu Fanchi wanted to punch.

In an instant, a long spear fell from the sky and plunged into the ground, cutting off the way for the two of them.

The wind and sand blew up, and a figure pulled out a long gun in the smoke, and held the gun again to shake the smoke and dust around him, and his white clothes flapped in the wind.

“Chu Mu Qing!”


		