

Not ordinary people can enter the dungeon of Prison Dragon Great Wall, and those who can enter cannot get out.

The dungeon was damp and dark, and it was unclear for a moment whether it was water or bloody water that one stepped on, and one could only tell by the smell.

The corridor was also like a dragon's body. Two Yuguo soldiers pressed down on Lu Fanchi and walked straight to the depths. The strange thing is that the prisoners on both sides were very quiet, and there was no sound of injustice.

Lu Fanchi was thrown into the deepest cell, and the two Yuguo soldiers acted very casually, touched him randomly, and left.

Fortunately, the peace treaty and stone seals had been hidden in the soles of his shoes, and the soles of his feet were uncomfortable from walking all the way.

He hurriedly found a place to sit down, and inspected the surroundings. Apart from the sound of flies flapping their wings and rats creaking and running, there was no sound in this dungeon.

Lu Fanchi was very baffled, this Yuguo can't fly over, and can't walk through, does that mean people dig a hole and crawl through it?

Right now, he should figure out how to get out. He stood up and groped blindly in the cell. It was too dark, and there was not even a trace of fire.

He stretched out his hand to the front, and touched a strange thing. With his finger across it, he could clearly feel that the thing in front was layered and soft.

Suddenly, a gust of evil wind blew by, Lu Fanchi's arms were scratched by some fluffy things, goose bumps all over his body.

"Have you touched enough?"

A hoarse question made Lu Fanchi retreat quickly, there were still people in the cell.

"Sorry, I don't know anyone, I can't see clearly."

Lu Fanchi recalled the feeling of touch just now, could it be that he felt the wrinkles on the old man's face.

"The people locked here can't see clearly, just stay there, what did you do to come in?" The old man's voice was as low as pulling an erhu.

"I... I flew over the city and just... came in." Lu Fanchi stammered.

"Hmph, there are still people flying over the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall these days. It seems that you are lucky that you didn't die, but you are about to die." The old man sneered.

"Ah? Then Yuguo can't enter or exit?" Lu Fanchi asked doubtfully.

"You only go out but not in, don't you know?" The old man's breath was thunderous, and the iron chain on his neck kept making noises when he spoke.

"Yuguo is so weird? Then... what does it mean to be dying?" Lu Fanchi continued to ask.

"Weird? The weird one is from Yu Country! I don't know when the gates of the country were closed. As for dying...hehehe."

As soon as the words fell, the old man suddenly went crazy, a pair of red eyes appeared in the darkness, and he rushed towards Lu Fanchi, his yellow teeth opened wide, trying to bite off a piece of flesh from Lu Fanchi's body.

Lu Fanchi kicked the old man away in a panic, and then took two steps back. The old man got up and rushed up again. Fortunately, the iron chain tied his neck behind him. At this moment, he was only one step away from Lu Fanchi.

Lu Fanchi stretched out his leg and kicked the old man's face, his yellow teeth festered all over the ground under his foot.

"Where is this locking me up! I actually touched him just now! Hey! Hey!" Lu Fanchi immediately shouted outside.

It was the bow-wielding man who came looking for the noise, but there were more than one of them. Behind him was a middle-aged man in a cloak and a bronze mask.

The bow bearer opened the cell door, asked the middle-aged man to come in, and then left.

Lu Fanchi vigilantly raised his hand to protect the front, and asked, "Who are you?"

The middle-aged man approached gradually, and said in a low voice, "Xuannv... let me pick you up."

Lu Fanchi realized that there was something wrong with the middle-aged man in front of him, so he took half a step back and pretended to be stupid: "Xuannv? What Xuannv?"

"Don't be afraid, I really came to pick you up, or you will be in the cell with this monster?"

The middle-aged man politely stepped aside.

Lu Fanchi was skeptical, at least leave this place first, if all the previous conjectures are correct, besides the assassin and himself, Xuannv has other people.

"How do you know that I was sent by Xuannv, and how do you prove that you are from Xuannv." Lu Fanchi tried to ask.

The middle-aged man stopped in the corridor, turned his head and glanced, but did not answer, and beckoned Lu Fanchi to follow closely.

At this moment, Lu Fanchi's heart is uncertain, he can only choose to believe.

The cells on the left and right sides of the corridor have a strong smell of herbs, and most of them only hold one person, just like the old man just now, with deep red eyes and wrinkles on the surface, but except for the face, the skin on the hands looks very smooth.

Walking to the gate of the dungeon, the light outside and the darkness inside formed a dividing line, as if Yin and Yang were separated.

The bow-bearer just now was sitting in front of the gate, playing with the blade in his hand, and stopped his movements when the middle-aged man passed by.

The middle-aged man spoke softly, and said, "General Mo Zhao, man, I will take it away."

Mo Zhao nodded, then lowered his head and played with the blade.

Lu Fanchi followed behind, and also cast a glance, why this Mo Zhao was so vicious just now, his attitude suddenly changed, could this middle-aged man in front of him be a high-ranking official?

The two walked out of the gate, Lu Fanchi raised his hands to cover the glare of the sun, and through the gaps between his fingers, he vaguely saw the middle-aged man inviting him into the carriage.

Lu Fanchi didn't take any time off, and followed the middle-aged man into the carriage.

The groom uttered a drink, and the carriage rushed away at a high speed. Lu Fanchi didn't know where the destination was, perhaps because of the influence of the middle-aged man, he also remained silent for a long time.

After leaving Prison Dragon Great Wall for a few miles, the middle-aged man said, "Now I can talk."

Lu Fanchi asked softly: "So cautious? Why is that? Xuannv's people can't see the light?"

The middle-aged man smiled through the bronze face: "It can be understood in this way, but I am more afraid of the general on the edge of the Great Wall."

Lu Fanchi didn't know which general it was, but he had already asked questions in the dungeon, so he wouldn't say a second time.

The middle-aged man realized this and said humbly, "Don't worry, I do belong to the Goddess Xuannv, otherwise I wouldn't wait for you here for seven days, and I wouldn't let Mo Zhao force you into the dungeon."

"All of this is just a show for General Chu on the Great Wall, because apart from you, no one will pass through this place during the period when Yuguo is closed.

Lu Fanchi sighed and pondered. It turned out that what Xuannv meant by reporting within seven days, she didn't say clearly that she wanted to subconsciously act with the person he arranged.

If someone found out that he was going to Yu Country with a purpose and aroused unnecessary suspicion, it is estimated that those two arrows were not a warning, but a fatal one.

"Including you, how many people are Xuan Nu?" Lu Fanchi asked.

"Not many, one person just died recently, and you come, exactly twelve people." The middle-aged man said flatly.

Hearing this, Lu Fanchi couldn't help clenching the peace agreement with his toes, he didn't dare to show any expression on his face, so his heart sank, and he said, "Including Mo Zhao just now?"

The middle-aged man nodded and said, "Mr. Yu has seen the situation in the dungeon right now, so I don't know what to think about it."

The bumpy journey made it difficult for Lu Fanchi to concentrate his thoughts, and the incident about the assassin made him even more afraid to talk nonsense. The person in front of him was obviously testing himself.

Now one more action can cause suspicion. He said directly: "Those people in the dungeon are not prisoners, are they medicine men? But they can still speak clearly, which means that they are not ordinary medicine men."

The middle-aged man was full of smiles inside the mask, but Lu Fanchi couldn't see it. He didn't know if the middle-aged man was satisfied with his answer, so he remained silent for a moment.

Lu Fanchi also immediately realized that this person's silence was the second test, which was to calm himself down.

"Mr. is indeed Xuannv's designated candidate." The middle-aged man nodded approvingly, and continued, "Then I will not hide it, so I opened the skylight to speak frankly. The twelve Xuannv, of course, do not include Mr. You are all performing your duties in Yu Country, but you can't directly take over the Yu Country Court, I hope that your arrival, sir, will bring about some changes."

"But today's Yu Kingdom can be said to be one word: 'chaotic'! King Yu is critically ill, and the state teacher is in power. Not only did he order people to seal the customs, but also let some drug dealers refine medicine in private. On the surface, the state teacher offered medicine to King Yu. , is actually preparing for the refining of pharmacist weapons, and Xuannv does not want to win the war in such a way against humanity."

Lu Fanchi couldn't help asking: "The national teacher is in power, covering the sky with one hand, and practicing in private? Do other officials hope the same?"

The middle-aged man said: "After all, he is a national teacher and not a king. It is against human nature. Of course there are people who oppose it. Although it is forbidden publicly, no one can stop it in private."

"The herb business can be said to be very lucrative. Many shops also privately sell the two necessities of the medicine maker, the celestial sunflower and the bone vine, but it is a pity that we can't catch these. Mr. Lao is here to help."

Lu Fanchi answered: "Either kill the national teacher, or cure King Yu's illness, or in other words, both things must be achieved."

Although the main point has been mentioned, it is easier said than done, let alone hands-on, he can't even cure diseases, he can only use his brain.

The middle-aged man said helplessly: "Yes, but the front line is retreating steadily. A few of us planned to negotiate a peace with Xuan Guo, but it failed. The Guoshi faction did not want to negotiate a peace, and installed an assassin to accompany the envoy as a guard. After we received the news, we ordered Tang Xiu to take back the peace agreement, but the ferry boat was attacked unexpectedly, and the peace agreement was lost."

Lu Fanchi was sweating coldly on his back. If they tracked down and found out that he was the direct cause of Tang Xiu's death and the attack was indirect, then he should be the one to die now, not the national teacher.

In the end, the agreement could not be handed over.

But in this way, the doubt that the flying ferry assassination was so slow was also solved. The one who killed the envoy was the guard installed by the national teacher. The guard was killed by Tang Xiu who arrived late. soul water.

That is to say, at that time, Tang Xiu really followed the last group of people to board the boat secretly, knowing that he and Xiao Que'er were hiding their identities.

Tang Xiu didn't say that it was because he didn't recognize him at the time, but after he recognized him, he was afraid of Su Sheng and Xiao Que'er before committing suicide.

At that time, I wasn't so cautious and slow, so I wouldn't die in my own hands...

Lu Fanchi continued: "The National Teacher expected that you would take back the peace agreement?"

The middle-aged man shook his head and said, "No, the assailant is a monk from Shu Kingdom, not a national teacher."

"Why did the monks from the Kingdom of Shu come here?"

The middle-aged man continued to explain his doubts: "Xuan Guo's condition for this peace negotiation is the alliance, and they joined forces to shift the direction of the wind towards Shu, and after the monks of Shu received the first-hand news, they directly sent people to attack the Lun Xian League. Fly the ferry."

"So decisive? Someone delivered the real information, the national teacher?" Lu Fanchi guessed.

The middle-aged man shook his head and said: "I don't know, but the national teacher should not be like this. Even if it is to prevent Yuxuan and the League, it will not offend the Lunxian League."

All the messy information came to his mind at once, Lu Fanchi was a little dizzy, Xuannv's errands were really hard to do.

The middle-aged man reminded: "We can be called the disciples of the Xuannv Sect, but don't say anything, Mr. Wang, don't ask too much."

Lu Fanchi nodded and asked, "Then where are we going now?"

"That is naturally arranged for your mansion, sir."


		