

On the prisoner dragon Great Wall, Yuguo's side was actually too horrible to look at. The enemy army was so overwhelming that Chu Muqing had no choice but to block it.

The armies of the five countries tried their best to move the ladders and put them on the city walls.

Yuguo soldiers on the city wall resisted with all their strength, and all arrows were fired, igniting the kerosene, and burning it to the ladder.

Soldiers who exhausted their bows and arrows moved rocks and threw them under the wall, and then exhausted all they had, the enemy army continued to flow.

With tears in their eyes, everyone couldn't tell who was lying next to them. They just tried their best to smash the bloody corpse onto the ladder, just to prevent the enemy from climbing up the city wall.

Those spearmen whose iron armor had been festered had already lost their combat effectiveness. Looking at the enemy in front of them, they used their bodies as shields. When the enemy's blade pierced into the abdomen, they put their last strength on their mouths and bit off a piece of the opponent. Meat.

At this time, Chu Muqing was besieged by many people, and was accidentally chopped off by a monk.

His Shura Dharma Apostle stood behind him, and thousands of people attacked at the same time. Shura swept away with one hand, and any utensil hit his body without pain or itching.

The heavenly earth spirit root monks lined up their hands, locked Shura's three heads and six arms, and then attracted the soil to condense and turned into a giant mountain ape.

Shura's dharma figure was trapped and couldn't move, and the giant mountain ape punched Shura's face with a punch, and Chu Muqing's face, which was the same as Dharma, was also shaken to the bone.

"General Chu!"

The only surviving Chu family army rushed into the enemy group, and their long spears were directed outwards to protect Chu Muqing.

"Use my blood to sacrifice to the underworld!"

Chu Muqing knelt down on one foot, exhausting the spiritual power in his body, in exchange for a sliver of blood power at the cost of self-destruction, Shura Dharma Aspect immediately burst out with blood and broke free from the chains.

Immediately afterwards, the giant mountain ape punched, and was received by Shura Dharma Xiang with one arm. He swung his two arms behind and pushed it away.

Another arm pressed down on the head, and the remaining two arms waved, punching like a shadow, the giant ape statue was beaten to pieces, and the boulder was ejected.

Shura Dharma Xiang grabbed the boulder and threw it at the enemy soldiers approaching Chu Muqing like a falling meteor.

"General Chu!" The people around Chu Muqing shouted again.

"Fight! Just focus on the person in front of you! Kill!"

With only one arm left, Chu Muqing fought out of the enemy group under the protection of Chu's army, grabbed the blade of the attacking spear with one hand, pulled it back, and killed everyone.

Stabbing all the way, Chu Muqing retreated to guard the city gate, and when one came, he picked it up with one hand and smashed it down.

His eyes were bloodshot and blurred, and he could only see the hateful enemy soldiers in front of him.

They are like gods of death, fearful and pressing forward step by step.

Chu Muqing shouted hoarsely: "Come on! Come on!"

With the sound of urging, more and more people fell at Chu Muqing's feet.

When the enemy army suddenly stopped attacking, they all looked up. Chu Muqing was standing on the mountain of corpses, his eyes were cruel. There was no enemy in front of him, and he was still brandishing his spear.

Chu Muqing couldn't see the way ahead, and didn't dare to look back, just like back then.

At this time, there is a camp between the mountain passes.

In front of everyone, there was a girl in blue shirt with a pair of spiritual eyes. She was not only Wenrenque, the princess of Wu Kingdom, but also Xiaoqueer, the daughter of the landlord of Minglou.

And Minglou, which includes books from all over the world, gathers monks from all over the world, and is known as the first floor in the world known as the world's first floor.

King Wu heard that Renshu was busy with state affairs, and entrusted his daughter to his wife's Minglou. He only came to visit at intervals. As a result, Wenrenque was separated from his father. Now that father and daughter meet each other on the battlefield, they stand on opposite sides, just like passers-by .

Wen Renshu's face was anxious, and his hands that had no place to rest were shaking from side to side. Now he didn't expect his daughter to get involved, and the matter couldn't be explained clearly in one or two sentences.

Wen Renque cast his gaze at the woman in red, and the woman in red immediately walked to Lu Fanchi.

Wei Ning'e smiled at Wen Renshu's unflattering expression, and said, "If it's about King Wu's family affairs, I won't ask about it, but since Minglou's people are here to harass, it's a war!"

Wen Renshu was in a dilemma, opened his mouth but remained silent, Wen Renque stood up and said: "Your Majesty Qing, Lu Fanchi is a nobleman of my Minglou, if you want to kill him, you will be an enemy of my Minglou."

Wei Ning'e laughed loudly and said: "The No. 1 Tianxia Lou's tone is really tough, but it's about the luck of China! It's not something you foolish people can participate in!"

Lu Fanchi's body almost collapsed, using the energy of the nine cauldrons for a long time, constantly destroying the spiritual roots bestowed by Xuannv, it was already difficult for his physical body to support him.

He couldn't do what he wanted now, and wanted to get up to respond, but he couldn't do anything about the collision of the three breaths in his body.

Wen Renque saw it, felt that there was not much time left, and then said: "Your Majesty Qing, even if I get out of the way now, do you dare to kill Lu Fanchi?"

Lu Fanchi didn't understand what Xiao Que'er meant, and looked at the way ahead, and Qing Wang, who was holding a long sword, really stood there, was he afraid?

Wen Renque said with a playful smile: "Forgive none of you, the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons is now on Lu Fanchi, you have to offer him up, otherwise if Lu Fanchi destroys himself or is killed by you, the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons will dissipate , it will not be able to support the lifeline of your six nations, am I right?"

Wei Ning'e stared blankly, Ming Lou really knew everything about the world, he could know any information, even things related to the lifeblood of the six kingdoms, originally he was only worried that Lu Fanchi would really destroy his spirit, so he threatened with a weapon , to keep a side of the regal prestige.

Now that Wen Renque said this, it actually straightened Lu Fanchi's back and got the straw to save his life.

Shu King Tang Xun walked forward at this time and whispered a few words to Wei Ning'e.

Wei Ning'e breathed a sigh of relief, and said: "I know this well, but even if I cut off the lifeline of the six kingdoms, I will not retreat today! In the past ten years of Yuguo, we have expanded our territory and disturbed our subjects. It must be counted! Yuguo must pay it back!"

Wen Renque only wanted to save Lu Fanchi, Yuguo's bad debts, she couldn't tell.

The red-clothed woman's eyes were calm, she looked at Wen Renque's embarrassed face, she sighed helplessly, stood up, and said softly: "Since you refuse to give in, then there is nothing to say, right? Let's fight."

The tone was very flat, but Wei Ning'e and the others were overwhelmed. Just now King Wu called her "Senior Chen". They already knew the strength of the woman in front of them, and now everyone present could not let the woman in red draw her sword.

Wei Ning'e laughed and said, "Sword Immortal of the South China Sea, Chen Qingrou, if you want to get involved, then I really can't help it, but you have to think about it, you will be regarded as an enemy of the Five Kingdoms in the future."

Chen Qingrou covered her mouth and laughed, and said, "Wei Ning'e, are you threatening me? You also said that in the Xianmeng back then, do you think I'm dead?"

The Sword Immortal of the South China Sea caused great chaos with his sword back then, and many masters of the Immortal League were helpless. As for the number one sword cultivator in the world today, no one dared to be the number one sword cultivator except for the woman in red in front of him.

Because of the existence of such a person, no one came to disturb Minglou.

Naturally, Wei Ning'e also knew this, and he didn't dare to act rashly. Right now, all the troops are concentrated on the prison dragon Great Wall, and there is Chu Muqing. Once Chen Qingrou draws his sword, the two of them can almost destroy a whole country.

At this time, the Scout God came riding a black horse. He dismounted in front of him, knelt down and said anxiously: "Report! Chu Muqing sent our army's right wing..."

Before he finished speaking, another scout came to report: "Report! Chu Muqing has killed many monks in our army before the battle."

Before the five kings calmed down the battle report, another scout came out and shouted: "Report! Our army is being defeated! I can't attack for a long time, that man Chu Muqing... my army's bones are piled up, our army..."

Wei Ning'e roared, "Enough!"

Chen Qingrou smiled and said: "Wei Ning'e, even if you invite the ancestor of Daishan here today, you still have to retreat."

Wei Ning'e didn't respond, he couldn't help the woman in front of him, he put his eyes on the haggard Lu Fanchi, and said: "Lu Fanchi, I let you go today, you have to keep the spirit of the nine tripods well! If there is any loss, the world will be destroyed." There will be chaos because of you! Retreat!"

Lu Fanchi's mouth was dripping with blood like a waterfall, he raised his hands with difficulty, cupped his fists and said, "Thank you very much."

This clasped fist was not disrespectful, but it made the five kings lose face, and the kings lost all magnanimity.

"Follow me back quickly!" Wen Renshu grabbed his daughter's hand and shouted.

Wen Renque still broke free, moved her calf, and hid behind Chen Qingrou.

Chen Qingrou said helplessly: "King Wu, with me here, little bird will be fine, you can leave at ease."

Wen Renshu waved his sleeves angrily, but his daughter turned around and walked into the tent because of her willfulness.

Lu Cui felt his arm slipping from his shoulder, and said anxiously, "Sir!"

Everyone turned their heads in unison, Lu Fanchi fell to the ground, his face was embarrassed, his forehead was sweating profusely, and his breath was very weak.

Chen Qingrou leaned over to touch Lu Fanchi's wrist, her brows were frowning at this time, with a face that was not easily moved all the year round.

"Aunt Chen?" Wen Renque asked anxiously.

Chen Qingrou shook his head and said: "This young man is extraordinary, the aura of the spirit root and spirit pill in his body is completely different, one aura is resisting the aura of the nine cauldrons, and the other is receiving it? Hmm... I don't understand it either, I can only say no Will die, but probably won't move."

Wen Renque didn't understand, and asked, "What does it mean that you can't move?"

Chen Qingju said: "Become a container of the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons."

Wen Renque grabbed Chen Qingrou's hand and begged, "No! No! Aunt Chen, you have to find a way. He was the one who saved me on the ferry!"

Chen Qingrou felt a little embarrassed, and said helplessly: "Let's leave here first."

Lu Cui also carried Lu Fanchi on his back without saying a word, and rushed to the flying treasure.

Everyone followed behind.

In the sky, when everyone looked at the ground, there were people with no bones left, mutilated limbs, and even some people still had a breath, struggling under the piles of corpses.

The armies of the five countries that were gradually retreating, and the soldiers of the Yu Kingdom were also crippled, and almost all of them hadn't lost their minds in the battle just now.

In front of the city gate, Chu Muqing was down, exhausted, and knelt on one knee on the mountain of corpses.

The two remaining Chu family members held up the dilapidated banner of the Chu family.

"General Chu, retreat!"

"Retreat!"

Letting the two shout, Chu Muqing remained unmoved. Even though the spear was still clenched tightly, his eyes were still looking ahead.


		