

On the prisoner's side of the Great Wall, Lu Cui and Zhao Shenyang searched the entire dungeon and found that the medicine man had already moved.

And Mo Zhao led his soldiers to arrive late.

The mighty armies of the five countries came outside and were about to attack the city.

Although Zhao Shenyang looks fat and big-eared, he is a simple-minded person, but he kills pigs all the year round, skins and debones them, and the size of each piece of meat is not only because of his ability to make perfect, but also because of his delicate thoughts.

He calmly analyzed the chaotic footprints in the dungeon, which seemed to lead to the gate of the dungeon, but this was a blindfold left by the predecessors.

After staying here for a while, he seemed to smell it, and said, "Come with me."

Zhao Shenyang searched for the smell of herbs, and the people behind him also searched all the way. It was at the last cell, where the smell of medicine was also isolated.

"Light a fire."

Mo Zhao ordered the soldiers behind to bring torches and hold them towards Zhao Shenyang.

Zhao Shenyang probed slowly with the light of the fire, extending from the edge of the wall to the corner, suddenly a weak wind blew inside the wall, shaking the light of the fire, then turned his head and said to Lu Cui: "Break this wall."

Lu Cui nodded in response, it was very easy for him to break the wall with one palm, he just concentrated his spiritual power a little, slapped the wall with one palm, and broke open directly.

When it was broken open, the herbs inside were even stronger than before.

In front of everyone's eyes, there was a narrow hole, and the inside was dark.

Zhao Chenyang held up the firelight and swayed it left and right. It was dark in the depths, and he seemed to hear the sound of human breathing.

Lu Cui pointed to the small and faint red light in front of him and asked, "What's that over there?"

The flame in Zhao Shenyang's hand was too bright, and he didn't see clearly the depth Lu Cui was pointing at, so he threw it forward.

Before the torch fell in the air, a human face suddenly appeared in the place illuminated by the path, and at the moment it landed, all the medicine men with their backs facing them in the depths turned their heads one by one.

"One, two, three..."

"Don't count them, they are all fucking, run away!" Mo Zhao directly interrupted Qinglu Cui, who was stunned. Faced with this number, his subordinates could not hold up to the medicine man.

He shouted, "Get out! Get out! Get out!"

Countless medicine men let out shrill and piercing sounds, and rushed forward.

In this narrow cave, more than a dozen people crowded out, while Zhao Shenyang drew his saber and moved forward, slashing wherever there were red eyes in the darkness.

The light of the saber shone coldly in the cave, and there was a clanging sound. When a medicine man was approaching, Zhao Shenyang changed his chops into stabs, and pierced through the head in front of him.

"Zhao Shenyang!" Lu Cui and Mo Zhao shouted out in unison.

And the endless darkness inside attacked the medicine man's claw blade again, Zhao Chenyang blocked one with his hand, and then followed closely by the medicine man's sharp teeth.

Zhao Chenyao was surrounded by dozens of medicine men in an instant, and he had no time to get out of the trap, so he could only try his best.

Breathing out his true energy and wielding a knife in his hand, Zhao Shenyang tried his best to kill a pig with a knife, and more and more corpses of medicine men were under his feet.

Mo Zhao didn't leave, but turned back along the same road with Lu Cui.

Bearing his broken body, Zhao Shenyang turned his head to watch the movements of the two men, and immediately retreated to their side.

Lu Cui condensed the thunder in his palm, and slapped the ground with both hands, the thunder light covered the whole ground, illuminating the cave, and thunderbolt strikes restrained the medicine man.

Behind him, Mo Zhao draws the string and draws the bow, the arrow fires in the spirit pattern, the moment the string is released, the arrow burns along the way.

Thunder and fire blew together, and the Yao crowd seemed to be in a place of disaster, their figures were distorted in various ways, and they howled again and again.

In an instant, all the medicine men in this cave were wiped out under the joint efforts of the two.

Zhao Shenyang's eyes stopped following the miserable sound of the medicine man, and they became calm together, then he stepped on the corpse and walked slowly

Mo Zhao joked, "You can count how many there are now."

The stubborn Lu Cuizhen should have responded, followed behind, and counted earnestly: "One, two..."

Zhao Shenyang shook his head helplessly, he was amused by Lu Cui, so he hummed lightly.

The three of them walked forward blindly, until Zhao Shenyang, who was walking in front, stopped suddenly, and Mo Zhao also stopped. Lu Cui's eyes widened, but he couldn't see the way ahead, and bumped into Mo Zhao's back.

Lu Cui asked, "What? What else?"

"There is a ladder here." Zhao Shenyang stroked the front, climbed up, then turned his head and asked, "Mo Zhao, you have been working here for so long, don't you know there is a tunnel here?"

Mo Zhao shook his head and said, "How do I know this? I guard the city and not the dungeon. Besides, except for the time when Lu Fanchi was locked here, I have never been to this infiltrating place."

Lu Cui was the last one to climb up the ladder, and said angrily, "Hey, why do you call Mr. by his first name!"

Mo Zhaobai glanced at him, and cursed a few words in his mouth.

The passage on the top is very deep, there is no light, and I don't know where it leads. The three burly men are just climbing blindly.

There was a sound coming from outside, Zhao Shenyang listened attentively, it seemed that this place was close to the mountain connected to the Prison Dragon Great Wall.

Zhao Shenyang was worried that even if Lu Fanchi stopped Fang Daoquan, and then killed the Yaoren, the army outside would not retreat because of this. Everyone has been coveting Yuguo, a treasured land in China, all year round.

After climbing for an unknown amount of time, a faint light finally came from the top. Zhao Shenyang sped up his speed, crawled towards the entrance of the cave, and peeked out his head.

Sure enough, Zhao Shenyang's deduction is correct, this place is a small cliff next to the prison dragon Great Wall.

Before he could come out, the ground was bright, but suddenly darkened. He raised his head and was startled when a huge ferry flew by. He quickly climbed out and walked to the edge of the cliff.

The next two followed suit, Lu Cui slowly climbed out with Mo Zhao's support, the two looked at Zhao Shenyang's sluggish back, very puzzled, and looked together.

Wolf smoke was ignited everywhere on the Prison Dragon Great Wall, and there were constant roars on the ground. Tens of thousands of medicine men had already been put on the station, piled up in one piece, like a colony of ants, and the places they passed were the corpses of the armies of the five countries.

The trumpet sounded constantly in the distance, and it was not clear which country it was for a while. His face was mostly flustered, and he rode a war horse with his waist backward, and charged into battle in the face of fear.

The four thousand square heavenly secret crossbows, whether it is the army of the five countries or the medicine people, kill them without distinction.

At this time, seven or eight Yuguo soldiers moved the giant arrows from the Qianfangtianji crossbow in Zhuque Tower.

The arrow was on the string, aiming at the ferry boat above Zhao Shenyang's head.

"Hide!" Zhao Shenyang shouted.

boom!

Thousands of arrows, large and small, were shot together, higher than the ferry boat, and then rained arrows in an astonishing arc. Those who had no time to escape on the boat were bound into hedgehogs in an instant.

The Qianfang Tianji crossbow has not stopped attacking yet. This time, four giant arrows attached to the ropes were shot directly towards the bottom of the ferry.

There were four sounds of planks cracking, and the Yuguo soldiers in Zhuque Tower had quick eyesight and quick hands. Dozens of them picked up the ropes and pulled the ferry closer.

"Mo Zhao, what are they going to do!" Zhao Shenyang hid behind the stone and took a look.

"This is the person who wants the ferry to hit the ground!"

Under the brute force of Yuguo soldiers, the flying ferry came a little closer to the frontal battlefield.

At this time, the giant arrow of the giant has been installed on the Qianfang Tianji crossbow, and there are more than 20 people drawing the bow and string behind it.

This arrow blade looks very bright from a distance, it seems to be five or six feet wide.

The soldier holding the flag next to him raised his hand downward.

The sound of arrows slicing through the sky resounded, and the ferry was torn in half in mid-air.

The rope was released immediately, and the wreckage of the ferry fell from the sky and hit the ground.

On one side, the soldiers and medicine men from the five countries were completely annihilated.


		