

The bamboo forest is rustling under the moon.

Lu Fanchi and Cha Shisan stood outside the courtyard gate, one of them was gesticulating with their hands, and the other was expressionless with a bronze face.

Cha Shisan asked: "Sir, can you think about how to use this herb?"

Lu Fanchi raised his chin, thought deeply: "Without Chu Muqing, these herbs will have little effect, and what will happen tomorrow..."

Cha Shisan laughed and said, "Tomorrow's incident... is equivalent to becoming a dangerous person, confronting Fang Daoquan's method of 'Ascension to Immortal' head-on."

Lu Fanchi pursed his lips, frowned and said, "It's better to break into Jinyuan Palace and kill Fang Daoquan directly. Before I came to Yuguo, what did you all do, just watch them arrest people to practice? Have you ever thought about it?" How about sneaking into the palace? Curing King Yu's illness?"

Cha Shisan shook his head and said: "Sir, you are joking. It is impossible to sneak into the palace. Not to mention Fang Daoquan's men, the guards can stop you. We have tried various methods, but they all came to nothing."

Lu Fanchi was suddenly confused: "Among the twelve Xuannv, besides Lu Cui, Jiang Li, and Mo Zhao, who else is a monk?"

Cha Shisan shook his head and said, "Well... sir, I didn't admit it all... what I know is what Xuannv wanted me to know, and all I know is that they are also lurking beside Fang Daoquan, If it wasn't for their secret help, we wouldn't have easily planned a peace negotiation."

Lu Fanchi was surprised: "You didn't admit it all? Then you told me before that there are four officials, except Ning Bai and Mo Zhao, and the other two are hiding beside Fang Daoquan?"

"Um."

While the two were talking.

Su Ran and Mei Han came from the bamboo forest path, after Cha Shisan saw them, he left in a hurry for some reason.

Passing by, Mei Han couldn't help being startled by the bronze face, but fortunately Su Ran walked past quickly, pulling Mei Hua.

Mei Han's stubborn face seemed to be the result of Su Ran's persuasive persuasion all the way to the small bamboo house, and when he saw Lu Fanchi, he didn't give him a good look.

Fan Qing, who was having fun at the small table in the courtyard, saw the familiar face and hurried back to the house.

Lu Fanchi smiled half-smile, jokingly said: "Look at you, you scared all the kids away."

Mei Han ignored it, looked around and said, "This is your home?"

"Sit down first..."

The three of them sat down at the small table outside the courtyard, and the two Jingfenglou women looked at each other, unable to speak when they had something to say.

Fan Qing, who thought it was because of embarrassment, came in with tea at this moment. Seeing this, Su Ran bent down to help the little girl.

Seeing Lu Fanchi's indifference, Mei Han asked curiously, "Your child is serving tea, but you turned a blind eye?"

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "Why, you're starting to fight for her too?"

Mei Han frowned and said, "You're not very old, but you have a child, it seems that you are also an asshole."

Su Ran laughed and said, "Fan Qing is the young master's servant."

Recalling the scene on the street that day, Mei Han said in surprise: "You beat two of my guards for a servant boy and humiliated me?"

Lu Fanchi said: "Miss Mei, I never said that Fan Qing is my servant boy, you are so prejudiced, did you read so many books for nothing?"

Mei Han lowered her head in shame, and then said: "I asked Su Ran to bring me here because I wanted to tell you about the person I drove away that day."

Lu Fanchi listened attentively and said, "I want to know too."

"That person is very strange. He smells like medicine. He is dressed in black and wearing a bamboo hat. He can't see his face clearly. Jingfenglou is a place of romance. It doesn't matter what guests come. But that day... that person He paid a lot of money and ordered me, but he didn't let me play the pipa or dance, so he took a stack of letters and gave it to me. When I was close to that person...that person's face...so I drove him away..."

At this time, Mei Han recalled the rotten face of the man and hid in Su Ran's arms, then Su Ran added: "It's the medicine man."

Lu Fanchi raised his hand and rubbed his brows, the medicine man escaped privately, so Wuyu was guilty of robbing him in public? Unless there is something on Mei Han who can't get it secretly and wants to grab it openly?

Lu Fanchi then asked: "What was written in the letter?"

Mei Han said: "Some poems."

Lu Fanchi said: "Do you know Wuyu?"

Mei Han said, "Wu Yu came here a month ago."

"Wu Yu came here? What did you do?"

"Wu Yu is just listening to the music."

Lu Fanchi hadn't been to Yu Country a month ago, and he didn't know much about Wuyu. As for the medicine man, is the other party going to let the medicine man compete with him tomorrow?

Mei Han stopped sobbing, and said firmly: "Lu Fanchi, thank you for saving me, but if you lose tomorrow, I would rather die."

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "Miss Mei, do you look down on me so much?"

"Master!" Su Ran frowned and shook her head.

Mei Han looked at the young man with a smile. Under the bright moonlight, there was no tear in her eyes, but they were still shining brightly. No matter how you looked at them, they were just wry smiles.

Lu Fanchi kept silent.

"My mother is the same as me, except that she is a prostitute and was born in Goulan. My father is a teacher and an idiot, the biggest idiot in the world. He is even so idiot that he doesn't know if I am her biological daughter."

"There was a famine that year, and the food in the village was all there was. My father's so-called humility was nothing more than patience. After being taken away, he could still smile and tell me that he would keep my share, so he died. But in winter, starve to death."

"Pedantic! Now I can make these people line up to pay to see me, praise me, envy me, what do I do, what do I do, and I need to take care of it? This is what I deserve, the big deal...die. ..and die decently too!"

Mei Han suddenly slapped the table with both hands, took a deep breath, leaned back all of a sudden, and tried her best to let the tears flow back into her eyes, she then said: "So! Lu Fanchi, you are really really really really really really really really really really really really tomorrow! If I lose, I really would rather jump off the Jingfeng Tower and fall to my death than become an ugly monster."

Mei Han calmed down, looked at the boy and asked, "Why did you close your eyes?"

Lu Fanchi smiled and said, "I'm afraid."

Mei Han said, "Are you afraid of losing?"

Lu Fanchi laughed loudly and said, "I opened my eyes, for fear that the ugliness would blind me."

Mei Han said angrily: "You...are still humiliating me, you are heartless."

Lu Fanchi didn't dare to promise Mei Han, he had a good chance of winning, he knew in his heart that at this moment, he very much hoped that one of the twelve Xuannv masters would help resolve it.

Inside the Jinyuan Palace, Wu Yu hurriedly walked, glanced over, the person sitting on the grand master's chair was not his master, but the young man in black robe.

Wu Yu asked, "Where is my master? Why are you sitting here!"

The young man in black yawned, and replied listlessly: "Your master manages a lot of things every day, and he is still busy now. What's the matter, Xiao Yuzi? Do you need brother to help you?"

Wu Yu didn't wait to see the person in front of her, and said, "If it wasn't for you! I wouldn't let that medicine man sneak out!"

The young man in black laughed and said, "How pitiful he is in there, he just wants to see the person he loves, and I just do it conveniently, besides, your master didn't blame me, and...your master is eager to let everyone know. "


		