

Lu Fanchi looked at the sky from a distance, and there were streaks of blue light shining, Siyu's figure gradually dissipated, and when he completely disappeared, he heard a sound from the sky.

"Jiuding is entrusted to you..."

The sound faded away.

Lu Fanchi regained his energy, and reached out to touch the stele in a trance. He wanted to take a rest, but this was not the time to rest, and the army outside had not yet retreated.

Close your eyes and concentrate, your soul returns to your body. When you open your eyes, the Jiuding in front of you really disappeared.

Fang Daoquan's body was still there, but Chu Muqing was nowhere to be found. It was urgent to find the kings of the Five Kingdoms and let him retreat.

Lu Fanchi stepped on the ground with his feet, and the medicine man under the Qingji altar could not stay, just to try to use the power of the nine cauldrons.

When he backhanded, the Nine Cauldron Qi in his body sank, and a crack opened on the ground.

"Nine tripods transformed into form!"

The air of the nine cauldrons in Lu Fanchi's hand turned into a bronze tripod and smashed it to the ground. It was originally a crack, and it split open. The ground was shaken and a hole was smashed out, and Lu Fanchi fell down, and there was bottomless darkness underneath. Among them, thousands of medicine men jumped up, and Lu Fanchi was surrounded by nine tripods, crashing all the way to the bottom.

Fang Daoquan's bones fell to the ground first, and were eaten one by one by the drug crowd.

Lu Fanchi was like a meat grinder, smashing the crowd of medicine into pieces, and the pungent smell spread all over the bottom.

When he was about to approach the ground, Lu Fanchi called out the wooden sword, turned around in the air, stepped on the wooden sword, and flew out of the Qingji altar.

Prisoner Dragon Great Wall, nearly a million soldiers and horses, more than half were eaten by the medicine men. The medicine crowd is not superior in numbers, and they are unconsciously biting wildly. Even the same medicine men are also eating each other.

At this time, on the cliff to the north, several monks from Wu Kingdom looked at this purgatory on earth from afar.

A young girl in green shirt was riding a horse next to her, her pupils vibrated and her face was pale. She was obviously frightened by the scene in front of her. She said to the woman in red next to her, "Aunt Chen, let's help, I can't watch these foreign objects be so cruel."

The woman in red didn't respond, her face was cold, her eyes were devoid of worry, like the emptiness of a peerless master, the sword with the white jade hand resting on the back of her waist was as slender as her waist.

The bearded man next to him said: "Princess, don't bother this aunt, we shouldn't have come here in the first place, so don't meddle in it. If the king knows, he will blame her."

The girl in the green shirt ignored the bearded man and shouted, "Aunt Chen!"

The woman in red frowned slightly, and said coldly, "One sword."

The woman in red stepped forward lightly, the sword energy lingered between her sleeves, the pupils on her face shrank, and in the blink of an eye, there was an icy breath, she drew her sword with her forehand, and when it was unsheathed, the sword with "there is snow in the world" was engraved on the sword name, appearing in sequence.

Dressed in red clothes, he jumped up, the sword energy transformed under his feet, and the imperial sword pierced through the sky.

Before the sword was released, there was a wind of sword energy that was chilling to the bone.

The soldiers who didn't know why, when they looked up, they saw the sword energy swaying in the sky, layers of ice and snow appeared in the air, and suddenly the wind and cold pierced through the armor and pierced the heart, as if they were in the northern cold.

When he lowered his head, all the medicine men in front of him turned into piles of ice.

The woman in red waved her sleeves and slashed horizontally, with a sword here, the cold wind howled within three thousand miles, and waves of sword energy were set off on the ground, which swung hundreds of times in a row, shaking the ice pile of the chemical medicine man.

The king shouted that the Sword Immortal is here, and with a sword of Hanshuang, he solved the urgent need, and ordered the soldiers to break the prisoner dragon with all his strength.

The woman in red looked down at the brave soldiers at her feet, without a trace of throbbing in her heart. When she turned around, she pushed her backhand, sheathed her sword, circled in the sky, and then returned to the edge of the North Mountain cliff.

The girl in blue clapped her hands and said, "Thank you, Aunt Chen."

The woman in red nodded in response, and stood next to the girl again, while the bearded man interjected: "When we go back, the king will blame you, what should we do?"

The woman in red said: "This pot, you carry it."

The bearded man let out a hey, rolled up his sleeves angrily, walked up to the woman in red, and was about to curse when the scholar in white sitting on the stone stopped him: "Be safe, don't be rash, don't be restless, don't you To put it bluntly, we came here this time to watch Jiuding and Ziweixing, and we have no intention of competing. Senior's move was just to clean up these foreign objects according to God's will. Yuguo really lost his humanity this time, so inhuman The weapons are actually thrown into the battlefield, the people of Yu country are devastated, and this battle will surely lead to their death."

Without the resistance of the medicine man, the army on the ground was as strong as a broken bamboo. The forward troops raised their heavy shields and walked slowly under the uninterrupted shooting of the four thousand-square sky crossbows, while the people behind pushed the siege vehicles and gradually approached the city. Door.

On the Qingguo Ferry, a large number of spears were thrown out, covering dozens of monks driving flying treasures and rushing towards the Suzaku attic. With an order, all the monks jumped into the city.

A sword repairer with a cold sword, picked up more than a dozen Yuguo soldiers, followed closely by Feng Xiu, and exhaled a whirling hurricane from his palm, blowing all the soldiers on the side off the wall at once.

Huo Xiu was even more merciless, with a stick of fire in his hand, he raised a sea of ​​flames and engulfed the Qianfang Tianji crossbow.

In an instant, Suzaku Building was defeated and fell.

Boom!

Outside the city gate, the siege pin kept beating, cracks appeared on the wooden railing inside the gate, Yuguo soldiers threw down their weapons and rushed to the gate.

The white-clothed scholar sighed: "Yu country is about to run out of breath."

"With me here! I can't die!"

On the top of the wall, a white-clothed scholar answered the white-clothed scholar. Although he was scarred and worn, he was still holding half of the Phoenix Wing Spear tightly in his hand.

"General Chu!" Yuguo soldiers and Chu Muqing looked at each other.

"Where is the Chu family army!"

"Fight!" Hundreds of remaining Chu family soldiers responded by voice in the White Tiger Attic.

"Open the city gate!" Chu Muqing ordered the soldiers of the Yu Kingdom next to him.

That Yuguo soldier was weak and weak, Chu Muqing was going to fight with a hundred enemies? He responded in a low voice: "General Chu...this..."

"Open! The city! The gate!" Chu Muqing let out a foul breath as he spoke, as if losing his mind, pushed the soldier and roared again.

The situation is urgent, and the boy in the distance wielding a wooden sword said anxiously: "Can't open!"

Lu Fanchi jumped down from the wooden sword and stopped Chu Muqing, the two immediately had an argument, both sides were red and red, shouting angrily, the young man tried his best to push and stop Chu Muqing.

"Lu Wa! You have to stop me."

Chu Muqing didn't fight back, his body was full of hostility, and he didn't have the air of a general.

"Chu Muqing, you're crazy! With your current state, how can you resist this tens of thousands of troops?"

Lu Fanchi grasped Chu Muqing's shoulders with both hands, and probed with his thoughts. Just now, he was able to withstand the power of nine tripods in the Qingji altar, but the spiritual power of Dao Xin in Chu Muqing's body has gradually disappeared.

Chu Muqing grabbed the back of the boy's head with one hand and turned it away, pointing to the village field in the distance, and shouted: "Lu Wawa, have you seen it! Can you see people bending over and bowing their heads in the field? They have already fled, afraid of death Ah! Fang Daoquan is dead now! We only need to keep these people out and kill them all! Only then can they continue to cultivate their land."

Lu Fanchi could see it, and he could see clearly that the city hadn't been broken, but the people on the road were running around with useless bags. Once the city gate was broken, could these people still live? And the thousands of families in Qingping City, where can they escape?

"Chu Muqing, I have a way to make them retreat! Don't open the city gate! I will fly over immediately to ask the five kings to persuade them to retreat."

Lu Fanchi tried his best to remain calm, but his legs were trembling uncontrollably. He had never seen a battlefield, let alone a massacre. The ground smelled of blood everywhere. The place surrounded by the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall was like a pool of blood on earth.

Chu Muqing readily agreed: "Okay! As long as you can make them retreat, I will definitely not open the city gate."

When Lu Fanchi heard it, his brain had no time to think, and he hurriedly said: "Okay, you must persevere, I will be very fast!"

After saying that, Chu Muqing laughed heartily, and watched Lu Fanchi fly away from the air while controlling the wooden sword.

Looking from a distance, beside the camp tents between the mountain passes, the flags of Xuan, Shu, Qing, Man, Wu, and the Five Kingdoms are hung high.

Looking down at the ground, there were all kinds of corpses with mutilated limbs everywhere, Lu Fanchi couldn't help his stomach churning.

At this time, the people on the ground also discovered Lu Fanchi, called for the hands, formed a formation, raised their hands and drew their bows, and all arrows were fired.

"rise!"

Lu Fanchi clenched his teeth, his body went up, and the wooden sword under his feet also flew up, extending the range of the bow and arrow.

One wave is not flat, and another wave rises again.

The people on the ground were unrelenting, followed by another wave of arrows, Lu Fanchi still had room to dodge, but just as he was flying, four more monks who controlled flying weapons suddenly appeared in front of him, and they shot at him. Come count the lights.

Besieged on all sides right now, just listen to one!

when!

In the blink of an eye, Lu Fanchi summoned the nine cauldrons in his body to surround his body, blocking the front attack, while countless arrows flew towards his crotch, he twisted his hand to control the tripod downward, and bounced all the arrows back to the ground.

"Get out of the way!" Lu Fanchi said to the people in front of him.

"Let? Are you kidding me! Gou Yuren, take your life!" said one of the water repairmen.

Two fists are no match for four hands, if you delay here for a moment, the city gate behind will break through faster.

Dedicated to Bo! Lu Fanchi gritted his teeth and rushed past the four of them, waved his hand and smashed at one of them, disrupting their formation.

The water cultivator pursued him relentlessly, and with a firm determination, he summoned countless water-shaped clones in front of him, blocking Lu Fanchi's way again.

Lu Fanchi was dumbfounded that the cultivator of Shui Linggen had such cunning tricks.

When he turned around, a sword cultivator rushed towards him. Lu Fanchi was not focused on fighting at this time, and his reaction was delayed for a moment. The sword pierced his shoulder.

Lu Fanchi shouted, and directly grasped the blade of the sword tightly. The sword cultivator tried all his strength and couldn't pull it out. He was about to abandon the sword when he raised his eyes and saw the young man pointing his finger at his forehead with a blue light. through.

"Injury for killing? A little bit of backbone, but..." Shui Xiu suddenly hoarse, watching the young man pull out his sword with startled eyes, and the scar on his shoulder healed quickly, "What kind of exercise is this!"

"Come on!" Lu Fanchi shouted, and there were several more monks in front of him, who were already surrounded to death.

Behind the many monks, a small ferry broke through the sky, and Lu Fanchi's heart couldn't be colder.

The bowman at the bow draws the bow to charge.

call out!

Under the astonishing strength of the arms, the arrows were shot quickly, the spirit patterns flickered, and the arrows ignited flames.

The water repairman didn't realize that the arrow was shooting at him, and the arrow pierced directly through the back of his head, stopping his unintentional laughter.

All the monks panicked and looked back, and saw a few unlucky ones hit the silver needles rushing towards them and died instantly.

"Mo Zhao, Jiang Li?"


		