

In the ancestral hall of the Chu family, the man is still standing under the ancient phoenix vine.

He looked out the door, he was limping and walking slowly with a heavy body in white clothes.

The eldest brother saw his younger brother stepping into the house again, with a smile that had never appeared on his face, very excited and calm.

The man said: "You are here."

Chu Muqing said, "Of course I will come."

The man said: "You are relieved."

Chu Muqing said, "You're relieved too."

The man walked into the mourning hall and sat on the seat of Patriarch. His drooping eyes slowly raised up. They were originally sad eyes, exuding an unprecedented military spirit.

Chu Muqing's father had three sons, the eldest son Chu Yunchang, the second son Chu Huaji, and the third son Chu Muqing.

The eldest son is introverted and doesn't like the battlefield, but he has the courage to write a sad poem in troubled times, mourning the loyalty of the Chu family, and those people who suffered from the war and lost their lives. The undefeated group of ministers scolded the king's words of ending war with war, and built a mansion of death with all their efforts.

Taking off the official robe and retreating completely, he has been in the Phoenix Guteng all year round to calm his mind and body, and has been inherited by the heroic spirits of the Chu family to realize the "Longwei" Taoist heart.

The second son, Chu Huaji, was short in stature and suffered from illnesses all the year round, but he spent his whole life in the army and died in battle.

The third son, Chu Muqing, was heartbroken because of the words "Dare to turn back", while the two second sons of Chu Yunchang, who followed him in battles all the year round, had no bones left in the year of the dancing elephant, which made him devastated and dare not calm down Facing Chu Yunchang, his father's sacrifice made him dare not face his ancestors even more.

In front of the mourning hall, Chu Muqing knelt under a hundred spiritual seats, as if staring at him with a hundred eyes, and shouted in one breath: "Unfilial sons and grandchildren, Chu Muqing! I beg the heroes of the Chu family here, and bestow the Dao Heart of 'Long Wei', Reject the Five Kingdoms and kill the demons!"

The ancient phoenix vines in the courtyard rise with the wind, and the leaves are as hot as flames.

Chu Muqing let out a long roar, but he felt ashamed, and didn't dare to look up at his elder brother. The plaque of "Natural General" was quietly hung on the wall, seemingly silently responding.

Chu Yunchang said: "There is no arrogance! How can there be arrogance!"

Chu Muqing yelled again: "Chu Muqing, beg the heroic spirit of the Chu family to bestow the Dao Heart of 'Changwei'!"

"Cowardly! Come again!"

"Not enough! Not enough!"

Chu Yunchang raised the three-foot ruler, swung it on Chu Muqing's back, and cursed angrily, "Are you ashamed? Can you be worthy of father? Sorry for Fei'er and Cen'er pulling you out of the mountain of corpses? Look up !"

"I, Chu Muqing, how dare I be ashamed!"

"The wood of the phoenix bathes my ambition, and my natural arrogance gives me courage."

"During these thousands of miles, why have you ever looked up to the heroes?"

"In three thousand dreams, if you don't return to the battlefield, you will feel like entering the battlefield every day"

"There is no self in hell, why do ghosts cry and wolves howl?"

Accompanied by Chu Mu's heartfelt words, the spiritual position trembled slightly, and a red leaf of the ancient phoenix vine fell and floated towards Chu Muqing.

At this moment, the broken Dao heart in Chu Muqing's sea of ​​consciousness was pieced together one by one.

Chu Muqing said blankly: "Refine your mind! This..."

"It seems that the ancestors still don't agree with you. I, like you, have been rebellious since I was a child. Others practice boxing, and you practice feet. Others study military books, but I am tireless with literati books. My second brother is sick and weak, but still Follow us in the opposite direction, those people have never recognized our third brother, since they are all against it, then resolutely reverse it, it doesn't matter..."

Full of compassion, Chu Yunchang bowed down to Chu Muqing, pointed at his brother's brow warmly, and said, "There are mine..."

"What? Brother!"

While speaking, Chu Yunchang radiated the spiritual power of 'Long Wei' from his fingers, and instilled all of it into Chu Muqing.

The domineering arrogance of the soldiers who had passed away rose up in Chu Muqing's body, and his heart and bones were united again, but that Chu Yunchang lost his Dao heart forever, leaving his bones empty.

Chu Yunchang didn't let go until he took his last breath, his face gradually haggard, and he fell slowly in front of Chu Muqing's eyes.

"Brother!"

"I'll keep your 'Phoenix Wings' well for you..."

During the conversation, Chu Yunchang spat out a mouthful of blood, looked at the "born general" for the last time, and said, "I'm not a general, but a blood relative?"

Chu Muqing's lips trembled up and down, unable to speak.

Chu Yunchang has been waiting under the phoenix ancient vine for many years, just for this moment. He knew that the ancestors of the Chu family would not forgive a descendant who refused to pass on the family tradition. What he was waiting for was the moment when Chu Muqing came back. He was relieved. up.

Chu Muqing lifted his elder brother's body and sat on the patriarch's seat, then he walked to the room where he was a child. A bright red long spear was placed horizontally on the table. The body of the gun is made of phoenix ancient vines.

Chu Muqing slowly stroked this 'old friend' that he hadn't seen for many years.

He turned around, raised his white robe, and walked out of the house.


Bamboo hut.

Everyone still looked at each other there.

They are all people who Xuannv pulled back from the gate of hell.

So to catch the inner ghost must be verified by the skin of immortality.

Today's gathering, Lu Fanchi is for this.

After asking the question, Lu Fanchi had already figured out what to do next. He stretched out his finger and slashed lightly with a short blade, showing everyone the skin of immortality.

Then he extended the short blade towards Mo Zhao.

Mo Zhao didn't know why, so he took the short blade, looked at Lu Fanchi's eyes, sneered, and slashed his finger.

Like Lu Fanchi, the wound healed.

The next Su Ran was timid and asked, "Master? This is..."

"Do it for me!" Lu Fanchi yelled angrily.

Su Ran gently scratched on her fingers, and it was the same.

With a calm face, Jiang Li quickly crossed it out, and then passed it on to the next person.

Looking at one after another, everyone's eyes were fixed on the last one, Cha Shisan.

Holding the dagger, Cha Shisan didn't attack immediately, but asked: "Mr. is suspicious of acting like this. There are ghosts among us."

Lu Fanchi said indifferently: "I said, do it."

Cha Shisan said: "I would like to ask sir what is the reason for his suspicion."

Lu Fanchi remained calm, but did not speak.

Cha Shisan said again: "If I go down with the sword, if I am not the same as everyone, will I be besieged?"

Lu Cui said impatiently: "Sir, just do it! Do it!"

Cha Shisan ignored it, and continued his explanation: "At the beginning, I brought Mr. into Yuguo, introduced everyone to Mr., and prepared Mr.'s medicinal herbs. Mister, did this do us a little bit of honor?"

Lu Fanchi finally opened his mouth and said: "Before I verified it, I never believed everyone here. The reason why I followed your directions and got to know each other one by one was because I wanted to see what you were going to do. I used your trick to let you know that Chu Muqing's cultivation base is useless, but even if you have not done anything sorry to me during this period, I still won't believe it, because you all know that I will come to Yuguo, but I But I don't know your existence, I won't say much about the doubts, as for when I started to doubt you? When you brought Fan Qing to me!"

Cha Shisan laughed and said, "Sir, it's because of Fan Qing?"

Lu Fanchi also smiled and said: "Why don't I doubt it? You said that the medicine weapon was inhuman, and Xuannv thought it was inhumane, and it would be even more degrading to use a child to spy on me. Xuannv would not do that, but you may not." !"

"Doubt me, sir, look forward to it!"

Cha Shisan swiped it from his hand, and everyone was sweating profusely at this moment, watching the wound on Cha Shisan's finger gradually heal.

"How, sir? Give us an explanation?"

Cha Shisan held out his finger firmly, Lu Fanchi laughed loudly and said, "Not bad, not bad."

Lu Cui wondered, "Isn't it the same?"

Lu Fanchi then calmly said: "I never said I wanted to doubt you from the beginning, are you nervous?"

Cha Shisan lost his balance and said, "What are you talking about?"

Lu Fanchi smiled sinisterly: "Should I call you now, Fang Daoquan's fourth disciple, Ulan? Or, Tang Xiu!"


		