

After the great heat.

Although Qingping City has not yet fully entered autumn, it is like the season of parting. White silk is hung high on the Prison Dragon Great Wall, and sky lanterns are released at night.

Some people rejoice that they survived the catastrophe, some have their own bones buried in the ground and have nowhere to find them, and some still drink two or two ounces of wine as usual, toast to the moon and have a drink, and fall asleep.

Lu Fanchi even woke up quietly at night, obviously the time he stayed in the Sea of ​​Consciousness was only a stick of incense.

After more than 20 days of deep sleep, I don't know the people in the small bamboo house, and they turn and change.

Su Ran rested on her hands and fell asleep on the cool wooden table.

His eyes swept away, except for Su Ran, he didn't see anyone else.

Getting out of bed and walking into the courtyard, Zhao Shenyang leaned against the bamboo wall without turning his head, listening to the slow pace of the people behind him, although Lu Fanchi didn't see him from behind, but the lips of his mouth were slightly raised to give him peace of mind.

Before Lu Fanchi left, he sat on the steps and didn't touch the ground for a long time, he couldn't walk well.

He held up his dizzy head, probably because Xuannv had just let Xuannv take away the spiritual root, and he had no strength at all.

Lu Fanchi was dull for a moment, although Zhao Shenyang was usually reticent, his expression was also flat, he couldn't tell that he was a pig butcher at all.

But at any rate, he hadn't woken up for a long time, and now that he was in front of him, he didn't even fart.

The two quietly looked at the quiet bamboo forest under the night.

The bones in Lu Fanchi's body were as hard as a rock, he shrugged his shoulders, and turned his head again, his hands with nowhere to rest, everything looked so unnatural in the eyes of others.

Zhao Shenyang still didn't say a word.

Lu Fanchi raised his eyes and saw that Zhao Shenyang was indeed not asleep, and he could still feel that he was constantly adjusting his breath to adjust the true energy in his body.

"Are you OK?"

This sentence should have come from Zhao Shenyang's mouth, but Lu Fanchi couldn't help it, how could this person be so quiet.

Zhao Shenyang smiled and said, "Sir, I should be the one to ask you, are you okay?"

Lu Fanchi immediately raised his spirits and said, "There is something, something special."

Zhao Shenyang said: "Mr. woke up at the wrong time. If you had been a few days earlier, you would still have seen Miss Wenren. She has already left with that senior South Sea Sword Immortal. The others are probably busy with post-war affairs now. , Mo Zhao and Ning Bai, it’s hard to see Mr. Lu Cui, I let him go home to rest, he... is too noisy, Miss Jiang Li is also busy repairing her flying ferry, now in the bamboo house, only Me, Su Ran, and Mr.

While listening to what Zhao Shenyang said, Lu Fanchi counted the number of people in his heart, and asked, "Where is Fan Qing?"

"I don't want to stay here, I'm going back to the Mansion of the Dead. We also know that the husband will not embarrass a little girl, even though she informed Fang Daoquan."

Lu Fanchi propped his hands on the ground behind his back, raised his head and sighed, Fanqing is not bad-tempered, if he teaches him well, learn a craft, he might be able to open a tailor shop like Jiang Gracilaria.

From the bottom of his heart, Lu Fanchi would not blame a little girl, this kind of thing would be embarrassing for an adult, let alone a person with low self-esteem since childhood.

The most regrettable thing was that I couldn't see Xiao Que'er. Before he woke up, I wanted to ask a few more questions about the Six Kingdoms, and I was even more curious about Xiao Que'er.

Zhao Shenyang asked, "What's your plan next, sir?"

These words reminded Lu Fanchi that since he was no longer restrained by this mysterious girl, he should think about what to do next.

Lu Fanchi said: "Is there a way to let me enter Jinyuan Palace?"

Zhao Shenyang said: "Sir, are you worried about the current situation of Yu country? You can rest assured, sir, that Lanbo Mountain has entered the palace to diagnose King Yu's illness, and he will recover soon, and now all affairs are in the hands of Ning Bai In the hand, the officials headed by him are also helping, without Fang Daoquan, many people are trying their best to restore the original state... Yuguo can also be regarded as under the control of Xuannv Sect."

Lu Fanchi asked: "Lambo Mountain? Who?"

Zhao Shenyang also sat down at this time and said: "Listen to him, he is also a member of Xuannv Sect. We have also verified his identity. Don't worry, sir. I don't know much about medical skills. At least you can trust the person selected by Xuannv." It won't be bad."

Speaking of which, there are still three Xuannv teachers who have not appeared, Lambershan is one of them, and there are two more.

Xuannv really likes to play tricks, and she doesn't know what to do with the energy of the nine cauldrons, but even if she asks, she won't tell.

Yuguo is in a state of recuperation, even if he sends troops right now, it will undoubtedly ruin the country's destiny, and now there is enough time for Lu Fanchi to prepare step by step, the six in one, the future will be long.

Lu Fanchi suddenly thought of the old drunkard, and asked with a smile, "By the way, how is Chu Muqing? He's recuperating like me?"

Seeing Zhao Shenyang remain silent, Lu Fanchi's doubts also stagnated at this moment.

People don't speak, so they care about meeting.

Even if Lu Fanchi understood this, he continued to ask subconsciously: "What? Don't speak?"

Zhao Shenyang turned his head to look at Lu Fanchi's wry smile, and said lightly, "Dead."

As soon as the words came out, Lu Fanchi's eyes sparkled, completely opposite to the peaceful night at the moment, he could have guessed it, but why did he ask too much?

Some things that you dare not face have to be said from others before you are willing to accept them.

Lu Fanchi tried his best to hold up the bowl of water in his heart, got up abruptly and left, running barefoot to Chu's courtyard in the dark.

To Lu Fanchi, the acquaintance with Chu Muqing was not a fate, but a crime.

He committed an irreparable crime, that is, he listened to Fang Daoquan and went to find Chu Muqing.

Why should we have known each other before meeting? People who hit it off at first sight still leave because of themselves.

Mei Han, Wu Yu, Chu Muqing, and those so-and-so who died on the battlefield and never met.

Lu Fanchi's heart is immature on the point of worrying about gains and losses, he is even worse than a child who loses the candied haws in his hand, cries for a while, and then subsides.

If it were Lu Fanchi, he would always think of death, and always take all the blame on his shoulders.

If he had discovered the inner ghost earlier, hadn't gone to Chu Muqing, and hadn't agreed to the ring that day, there wouldn't have been a desperate mandarin duck.

How can you not blame your own lack of ability for all this.

In the ancestral hall of the Chu family, the ancient phoenix vines can turn brilliant red even in the dark.

It's just that Chu Yunchang is no longer under the tree.

Chu Xiang stood in front of the mourning hall.

The young man walking behind was dressed in white and stood barefoot in the courtyard. The coldness from the ground was not as cold as that of the person in front of the spiritual table.

When Chu Xiang turned his head, the young man was out of breath, with the word "regret" written all over his face, his eyes were searching under the plaque of "Natural General", from top to bottom, from left to right.

Lu Fanchi felt a little lucky, and smiled wryly, "Why not? Didn't die?"

Chu Xiang's eyes were lonely, his mouth seemed to be sewn with needles and thread, he shook his head and walked to the door of a room next to him.

Lu Fanchi looked after him, and his legs couldn't help but follow.

The door was pushed open, and the brazier in the room was still burning with unextinguished paper money. Snow-white paper flowers were in the middle of the top, white silk was hung on both sides, and there was a table at the bottom with three spiritual tablets.

Half of the "Huang Wing" is next to one of the spiritual seats.

Like its owner, it is cold and lonely, without the glory of the past.

With a trembling voice, Lu Fanchi asked, "Why...can't it be under that plaque?"

"None of my father's three brothers made my grandfather feel at ease. The one in the middle is my uncle, Chu Yunchang, who scolded King Yu in court. The elders in the family said that he was ruining the reputation of the Chu family. Third uncle, Chu Muqing , without the heart of inheriting the family and preaching the Tao, he is already deviant, and together with my uncle, he contradicted the former general stationed in the city."

Just when he was about to talk about the next one, the sadness on Chu Xiang's mouth made him open his mouth tremblingly, "My father, Chu Huaji...is sick and obviously can't go to the battlefield...I don't understand. ..Why are you willing to follow my third uncle until the end, obviously the qualifications are the worst among the three, and I'm obviously still..."

Lu Fanchi walked into the Phoenix Wing Spear, and the old drunkard still did not forget the act of pouring the wine. That day in the attic, the jokes that hit him like old friends lingered in his ears.

This is the end of a generation of "Unparalleled Under Heaven", but I have never seen General Chu's high spirits.

I only remember Shura on the battlefield, holding a gun and not falling down.

Is this a cultivator in the Heart Bone Realm? Since it is so vulnerable? Why are you still opening the city gate abruptly?

Lu Fanchi asked: "So, are they not worthy of a general in the sky?"

Chu Xiang was heartbroken, unwilling to speak out, and said softly: "They are worthy, but they are not generals of the Chu family."

Lu Fanchi couldn't calm down for a long time, and Yu Guo and his party lost everything they encountered in a few words.

Xuannvjiao, Fang Daoquan, the Chu family, the brothel oiran.

It seems that they all have the same experience, and they are all reborn amidst human suffering.

Among them, some raise their hands to cause life and death, and some let go to regret.

Both Mei Han and Chu Muqing had strong desires, the former was out of humility, while the latter was born with arrogance and unyielding will.

The paths to pursue desires are different, but the endings are the same.

Desire is also a kind of human nature? Or human nature is the pursuit of desire.

Lu Fanchi also has desires.

It is a pure desire for glory and wealth, and it is also a monk who wants to become a master and seek longevity.

Look at the weather-beaten walls of the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall.

The stone tablet standing inside told him that he wanted no more wars in this world.

Human affection is as thin as clouds in autumn, and none of the elders of the Chu family came here to visit and pay homage.

Lu Fanchi poured a few ounces of rice wine in front of the spiritual tablet and murmured: "Unparalleled under heaven, it's just lip service."

A few days after leaving the Chu family, without Fan Qing, Lu Fanchi guarded the empty courtyard early in the morning.

On the other side of the Prison Dragon Great Wall, the customs are no longer closed, and the number of passing caravans has gradually increased. The foreigners who originally stayed in Yuguo finally embarked on the road to return home.

A young man in a blue robe flew over the Prison Dragon Great Wall with his sword. Mo Zhao didn't draw his bow, but the young man entered the pass.

The young man came to Yu Country half a month ago, but the customs were closed at that time, and he detoured outside the city for a long time.

He followed a piece of spirit-seeking talisman in his hand all the way. After the talisman paper responded many times, the aura became stronger and stronger near the small bamboo forest outside Qingping City.

Finally, a piece of magic talisman fell from the sky and landed in the courtyard. Lu Fanchi looked down at the talisman, and took out a talisman similar to it from his bosom.

The young man sheathed his sword energy, stepped on the ground and fell.

Lu Fanchi looked up.

"Su Sheng?"


		