

Lu Fanchi is not a person who looks at the watch but not the inside. Lu Cui's boldness is naturally true, but during the conversation, Lu Cui's eyes always show a bit of coldness, which makes people subconsciously be suppressed by his aura.

On this point, Lu Fanchi had a lot of guesses, if a person didn't have a few lives on his hands, he wouldn't have such a look in his eyes.

Lu Cui's finger bones are very thick, and there are three or two white scratches on the palm, the lines are strange, it doesn't look like a sharp weapon injury, of course Lu Fanchi can't figure it out.

Lu Cui is a Lei Linggen cultivator on the second level of refining the state of mind. He has no deep family background, and he has never gone to the mountains to seek teachers. Lu Cui told Lu Fanchi that he would hoe the ground every day, and he would wave his palm five hundred times every day. Floating cloud, suddenly one day, thunder was hidden in the cloud, he had a good idea, imitated the cloud, and held the sound in his palm. Half a moment later, the word "fixed sound" appeared in his body, and he realized the destiny and Taoism.

Lu Cui immediately wanted to demonstrate, and Lu Fanchi and Fan Qing hurriedly made room in the narrow room.

I saw that Lu Cui's palm was as soft as floating clouds, drawing a current of glass-colored electricity all over his body, and then he slammed his palm, and the palm wind roared like thunder.

Lu Fanchi was dumbfounded, could he concentrate on one thing every day, like Lu Cui?

The sky is covered with red clouds, and Shichong villages are lit up one after another.

It was inconvenient for Lu Fanchi to stay here for a long time, chatted for a while, got up and left, Lu Cui said goodbye boldly, and stuffed a few white cauliflowers into Fanqing's small basket.

Back in the small bamboo house, Lu Fanchi has three things to do, think about it.

The first thing is to eat. He was always hungry in the past, and he cherishes every meal now, including the dry food Su Sheng gave in the woods last time.

The second thing is Chu Muqing. I have heard that this person used to be very aggressive and easy to kill. He must have developed a hostile spirit. Seeing this person, Lu Fanchi has to carefully consider how to neither provoke him nor bother him. Under the circumstances, save your own life, please refine the medicine.

What do you want to practice? After Lu Fanchi saw the young people in Shichong Village today, he also had an idea. Since Fang Daoquan led people to arrest them for "ascension to immortality", he would make alchemy so that the people could "ascension to immortality" by sitting at home

He doesn't need to worry about the herbal medicine for alchemy. He can do it with Cha Shisan's financial resources. After all, among the people he knows in Yuguo, only Cha Shisan is a rich and idle businessman, and he has to rely on himself. How to do it, who made me the "brain tank" sent by Xuannv.

The third thing is Destiny Dao Xin. Although Lu Fanchi still doesn't know the strength of Xuannv Sect, Fang Daoquan is a mind-cultivator himself. Not to mention his apprentices, even the monks he recruited, Xuannv Sect can't get it. beat.

Lu Fanchi escaped into the sea of ​​consciousness, and then looked at the panacea with fluttering aura. His first reaction since seeing it last time was, can this be eaten?

The color of the elixir was dim, and there were no words engraved on it, but the lotus flower underneath was shining brightly, as if the elixir was not nourished by the lotus flower, and the two had nothing to do with each other.

Lu Fanchi approached the elixir, trying to see the clues from it, he looked closer and closer, when the distance between his brows and the elixir was only a few inches away.

An invisible force grabbed Lu Fanchi, pulled out his soul, and sucked it into the elixir.

The sea of ​​consciousness seemed to be turned upside down, the sun and the moon changed, from black to white, Lu Fanchi's soul shuttled along the endless road.

Scenes and scenes appeared around him, and he saw a person.

The man was dressed in animal skins and wore a chain of animal teeth around his neck, like a savage from an ancient tribe.

With a blink of his eyes, the distant clouds were full of human figures, like heavenly soldiers and generals descending to earth, Lu Fanchi could recognize at a glance, among the leaders, the woman holding the gossip plate was Xuannv!

In an instant, the soul returns to the body.

Cranes chirped in the clouds and apes roared in the mountains. On the steep cliff, a plum blossom tree touched the clouds with its crooked branches and leaves.

Lu Fanchi was lost in thought for a moment, thinking that he was in a fairyland, he saw the stone monument standing under the plum tree, he searched for the plum petals under his feet, and walked all the way to the stone monument.

Contemplating the stele, out of curiosity, the young man touched the stele between his fingers.

The earth shook for a while, and the dust and lime on the stele shook off, and the golden characters emerged from the stele.

"What is humane?"

The four big characters on the stele seem to be asking questions.

The teenagers don't understand, what is humane? It is inhumane to say that Yuguo Guoshi regards people as weapons for refining medicine. The people of Yuguo live conscientiously, have enough food, drink wine, drink tea and smell the fragrance when they are free, and look like a flourishing world, that is humane.

It's not that he doesn't know how to answer this question, but that he doesn't know how to answer it. The word "humanity" contains too much, and Lu Fanchi's experience cannot give him a clear answer.

The way of humanity is not the way of heaven, since human beings should be human, Lu Fanchi was determined in his heart, and replied: "Humanity means the seven emotions and six desires."

The echo was transmitted to the mountain, the stone tablet seemed dissatisfied, and another section of the mountain shook the ground, forcing the sea of ​​consciousness in Lu Fanchi to disperse, and the whole person woke up instantly as if awakened from a dream, and returned to the small bamboo hut.

Lu Fanchi's eyes widened, and he kept stroking his body with his hands to make sure that no piece of flesh fell off his body.

In Fan Qing's eyes, Lu Fanchi was dripping with sweat, and his hands were waving like an ape scratching his back.

Lu Fanchi recalled the scene just now, the "humanity" stone tablet, the wild man, the mysterious girl, what exactly was that panacea.

Speaking of why it is "Human Way" instead of "Immortal Way", he remembered that his spiritual root was named Changsheng, and he associated it with immortality and longevity. It should be related to "immortal", how could it be related to "human"? Could it be that Xuannv is lying to herself?

After thinking hard for a while, Lu Fanchi got upset after sitting for a long time, so he walked out of the bamboo hut.

In the night, the galaxy was shining brightly, the young man imitated Na Fanqing, squatting in front of the bamboo hut, relaxed and relaxed.

At this time, in Qingping City, in Jinyuan Palace.

Fang Daoquan, the national teacher, stood outside the palace. He seized the void with one hand, and said with a smile: "Prisoning the dragon's veins, six in one, and all the mountains and rivers of Shenzhou are in my hands. The long-cherished wish of the ancient kings of Yu Kingdom will finally be fulfilled, don't you think?"

Seeing that no one responded, Fang Daoquan turned around and saw the young man in black robe behind him holding a long sword, leaning against the stone ladder and dozing off.

The old national teacher frowned, dragging his long Taoist robe, and lightly flicked the young man's forehead with one hand.

The young man in black groaned, covered his head, and complained: "Damn it! Tell me to come here to listen to you talk about the great way, the long-cherished wish, and your ears are callused. Besides, your surname is Fang, not Zhou. The country is the royal family of the Zhou family, what does it matter to you to rule the country? You work so hard every day, and the Ziwei star doesn’t shine on your head, you can’t be called an emperor!"

Fang Daoquan took a deep breath, turned around and stepped down the steps, and said slowly: "The emperor is only for a moment, what I am fighting for is the fortune of the divine land for the common people, and what I am beheading are these ordinary people who call themselves kings and emperors."

The young man in black robe followed him with disgusted eyes, he was silent for a while, and then he heard Fang Daoquan murmuring: "The battle of Lijiang is to make me overthrow this Shenzhou."


		