

In fact, there is no difficulty, there are only two doubts, when the assassin boarded the ship, and how to kill the person, as long as one of the conditions is met now, then the whole context is very clear.

Lu Fanchi patrolled the entire upper floor. Except for the envoy and Su Sheng, the four rooms were all vacant. Su Sheng was the most suspicious.

He listed in his mind that the first person to exclude was Su Sheng who had just entered the door. If he was an assassin, he would sneak attack from behind before the two of Lu Fanchi entered the door. After all, he was a high-level monk with two There are more than enough monks who have not yet awakened to the destiny and Taoism

Not to mention the identity of this Zhenyang sect disciple, such an arrogant person with such a desirable sect, it doesn't look like a fake.

According to Su Sheng's description, he was the first group of people to board the ship. When he passed by the envoy's room, he could still see two people outside, and there was no smell at the time, indicating that the two people in the room had not been assassinated yet, and the time of the assassination should be later. move back.

As for the middle and lower classes, they only need a register, excluding envoys and two guards, as well as Lu Fanchi and Xiao Que'er, anyone with a different name and sect from the register is suspected.

In addition, during the boat, the name of the rock that Lu Fanchi touched could be faked, but the realm could not. At worst, the whole boat would touch it all over, and if the realm didn't match the level of the boat they were sitting on, they would take it directly.

As for the evidence, it was the peace agreement and soul-transforming water that the assassin kept on his body.

Lu Fanchi ordered Su Sheng to handle the matter, and he was unambiguous, and immediately went to find the boatman, but under the boatman's excuses, he revealed his identity as a disciple of the Zhenyangmen, and directly got the register.

Lu Fanchi, Xiaoqueer, Su Sheng and Muyu walked down the cabin together.

Xiao Que'er poked her head out from behind Lu Fanchi, and asked, "Why do I have to come here? I'm not a monk."

"Hey, come get your momentum up."

In fact, Lu Fanchi was more worried that there would be more than one assassin. With such a momentum, if any assassin slipped into the room, Xiao Que'er's small body would not be able to withstand his kick.

At this time, under the cabin, there are no empty seats for more than a hundred people, sleeping, chatting, doing whatever.

It was originally a bustling scene, but after the four of them showed their heads, the scene suddenly fell silent.

Nowadays, it's not just staring at each other, but everyone's eyes are focused on the four people.

Su Sheng probably forgot his words, and after a long silence, Lu Fanchi poked his heel from behind.

Su Sheng coughed and said, "I am a disciple of Shennong Peak of Zhenyangmen. Please do me a favor."

"Zhenyangmen? Why should I listen to Zhenyangmen? Please, please."

The picker was still the old man in the coir raincoat, probably too old to stand the arrogance of the younger generation, so he raised his foot and poked his head up.

"Noisy!"

Su Sheng couldn't tolerate anyone more arrogant than him. The moment he closed his eyes and was angry, he concentrated his spiritual power in a palm and hid it in his sleeve. Under the ridicule of everyone, he broke the screen behind him with a palm, and there were deep cracking sounds. echoed throughout the cabin.

Everyone in the cabin narrowed their eyes and lowered their heads.

People with high-level cultivation are really convincing, and Lu Fanchi did not choose the wrong opening person.

"Come, come, don't waste everyone's time, please touch this stone."

Xiao Que'er stretched out the stones one after another, and everyone didn't dare to say a word, while Lu Fanchi took the register and counted the names one by one to compare the number of people.

After a stick of incense time.

Lu Fanchi panicked, cold sweat broke out on his forehead, the number of people is right, the realm is right, is his reasoning wrong?

There are still three rooms on the middle floor, and the four of them are not too late, so they go there immediately.

And the other three rooms were not in any trouble, they politely complied with the request of the four, and they all touched the stones.

But still true.

The three followed Lu Fanchi's melancholy back.

Su Sheng said first, "Could it be that the assassin got off the boat first?"

Xiao Que'er also comforted, "It's all right."

Lu Fanchi's ears seemed to be closed tightly, and he couldn't hear the words of the two of them.

"Overlook, concentrate, overlook, concentrate." Lu Fanchi kept hinting in his heart, put away all the external silence, and fell into a void, "What's wrong, is it too hasty?"

Lu Fanchi was troubled all the way, walking from the corridor to the deck, and stopped under the bright sun.

Suddenly, suddenly realized, he turned his head sharply, staring at the wooden fish behind him with very piercing eyes.

He asked softly, "Who are you?"

Muyu was stunned for a moment, not knowing Lu Fanchi's state at this time, he hesitated: "I... Muyu..."

"No, when I just counted the number of people, I subconsciously excluded the envoys, me, and Xiao Que'er. That's right, the number is right."

Lu Fanchi walked slowly towards Muyu, but his fingers were already hidden behind his back, and he continued, "So, I just added the number of people, there is obviously one more, but your and Su Sheng's names are on the register, which is strange gone."

Muyu started to walk backwards, and said with a calm expression: "The extra one is me? Why not Su Sheng next to you?"

"Me?" Su Sheng calmly took out the Feidu Token from his pocket, and said, "I boarded the boat with the Token, besides, I am Zhenyangmen..."

Before Su Sheng finished speaking, Xiao Que'er interrupted: "I know, I know, don't talk about it."

Lu Fanchi gradually approached the front, and said in a deep voice: "First, Su Sheng, the envoys were the first to board the ship, and the ferry hadn't taken off yet."

Muyu panicked and said, "That's right."

"Secondly, Xiao Que'er and I were the last to board the ship, and it was about to take off at that time, and you exposed your identity at that time."

"Yes, what's the matter!" Muyu leaned against the railing of the deck, with no way to retreat, and his feet gradually stretched out.

"Third, when you entered the room, the ship flew into the sky. You were in my sight all the time. I didn't doubt it, but it was out of sight! Where were you before you took off?" Lu Fanchi yelled at the end road.

"Naturally, he followed the envoy, received a letter from the spies, and then exposed his identity to attract the assassin." Muyu also said anxiously.

Lu Fanchi's spiritual power converged on his fingers, and he pressed against Muyu's chest, and said in a low voice, "Fart, if you really followed the envoy on the boat, how did you know that Xiao Que'er and I, who were at the back of the line, were hiding our identities?" off the boat."

Muyu was already silent, with a very nervous expression.

"Either you were really behind me, or when you were about to disembark, you knew that I was deliberately hiding my identity."

"Yes! That's right, I'll come after you." Muyu broke free from the restraints, consciously avoiding Lu Fanchi's sight, and said to herself.

"You still have to quibble!"

Lu Fanchi was sure that the wooden fish in front of him was not a wooden fish, but an assassin!

Muyu panicked, turned around to run away, hurriedly walked dozens of steps, put his hands into his pockets, and found that Lu Fanchi was not chasing him, then he couldn't help speeding up his feet.

Lu Fanchi at the back, with a finger raised by a blue light, chased after the wooden fish that was already a hundred paces away. The road that the blue light passed was filled with spiritual energy, and a deep gap followed behind the cracked ship plank.

There was a bone-crushing sound, and Muyu's entire calf twisted and fell to the ground with an astonishing curvature.

Lu Fanchi didn't intend to kill, he walked towards him slowly, he needed to leave a message.

"Be careful!" Xiao Que'er and Su Sheng saw each other's wooden fish's intentions.

But Muyu didn't want to pull out the short blade, but poured out half of the bottle of Soul Transformation Water in an instant.

Lu Fanchi raised his arms to cover his face, and the soul-transforming water melted away all the skin on his arms, and the few drops that could not be covered touched his chest, and the hot pain went all the way to his whole body.

"You're dead too!" Muyu fell to the ground with a wild smile.

"yes?"

Lu Fanchi endured the pain from all over his body, behind his arm, the grinning smile became even more sinister.

Muyu drooped his face, and moved his body backwards. As Lu Fanchi gradually recovered his fleshy arms, Muyu's arrogance slowly turned into fear, and he said solemnly: "You are..."


		