

Qingji altar.

Chu Muqing's face was pale, and he stood up slowly holding the broken spear, slightly frowned, a lot of redness overflowed from his mouth, he stopped the dullness in his chest, if it wasn't for the power of Jiuding, how could he be injured so badly just by relying on Fang Daoquan's spiritual power So embarrassed.

He said to Lu Fanchi next to him: "It's really a joke, Lu Wawa, no one can stop him now."

Lu Fanchi looked at Fang Daoquan on the stage, also collapsed, supported his body, and staggered to the stage, it seemed that he was backlashed by him.

Jiuding returned to its place again, leading the nine beams of light in the star array straight into the sky. This time, above the clouds, the golden light disintegrated, lifted the white clouds, and a shining star stone exposed a corner, slowly descending.

"Here we come!" Fang Daoquan stretched out his hands, laughing wildly and shouting.

The five kings on the edge of the battlefield also showed joy, and swung their swords together, causing the army to attack the city with all their strength.

Fang Daoquan supported his rickety body, coughed constantly, was dying, turned his head with all his strength, and looked at Lu Fanchi off the stage, his sly smile full of sarcasm between his teeth.

Lu Fanchi stepped forward, knocking down the decadent Fang Daoquan with one punch, and Fang Daoquan who fell on the ground seemed to have given up resistance, allowing Lu Fanchi to punch quickly, leaving several afterimages, the stage was dripping with blood, no one knew that it was Lu Fanchi who was angry with his punches The blood was still the residue on Fang Daoquan's face.

Pointing at Fang Daoquan with a blue light, every white tooth trembled with anger, what could not get out of the young man's eyes was the appearance of Mei Han and Wu Yuyao, and he had even seen the scene of Yuguo's people being mutilated .

Lu Fanchi didn't have the ambition to become emperor, he would always be inexplicably relieved when he saw that the people were peaceful and healthy, maybe this was the answer to the question on the Humanity Stone Tablet, they were humanity.

Fang Daoquan coughed up blood, and laughed loudly: "Lu Fanchi, kill me! You kill me now! What's the use! The armies of the Five Kingdoms will not cease fighting. When they break through the city gate, come here, under the Qingji Altar There are still thousands of medicine men, who will burst out of the ground at that time, and no one will survive!"

Lu Fanchi bent his fingers, clenched his fist, and slammed Fang Daoquan's eyebrows violently. He remained silent, and the murderous intent in his eyes gradually dropped, and he didn't move forward. To decide life and death.

He walked towards Jiuding, touched the surface of the tripod with one hand, stimulating the spiritual power in his body.

I saw the light of the power of the nine cauldrons dancing slightly, the surrounding breath gathered towards Lu Fanchi's hand, and the Ziwei star turned back to the sky, and the sky seemed to be overturned, and the stars were shifting.

The power of the nine cauldrons collided with the spiritual power in Lu Fanchi's body, mixed and collapsed, the internal organs were burning like a flame, and the seven orifices on the face were bleeding.

The young man's face was completely changed, with a dead air, a layer of cold sweat broke out on his forehead, his lips turned white, he gritted his teeth with a trace of pain, and did not let go for a long time.

"What are you going to do? Are you crazy! You actually reversed the formation!" Fang Daoquan got up and hurried away.

Fang Daoquan almost exhausted his spiritual power, took out the long sword from his sleeve, and stabbed Lu Fanchi's back with it.

Lu Fanchi's feet seemed to be deeply planted on the ground, motionless, the spiritual power in his body was surrounded by the power of the nine cauldrons, and the skin of immortality could not fully restore the scars.

Fang Daoquan stabbed, and there were two more cuts in Lu Fanchi's back, and his clothes were blood red in a moment.

"Ah!" Lu Fanchi couldn't help crying out in pain.

"Die!" Fang Daoquan raised his hand, intending to give him the last sword.

In an instant, half of the phoenix wings flew over, and when Fang Dao stomped his feet, the head parted.

Chu Muqing was lying on the ground, and before he could take back his throwing action, he let out a rapid breathing sound, and when he saw Fang Daoquan hit the ground, he also fainted.

Lu Fanchi no longer had to worry about the future, and tried his best to inhale the power of the Nine Cauldrons into his body, the condensed spiritual power was completely dispersed, and he spit out blood from his mouth.

At this time, the originally dim spirit pill suddenly turned green, as if it sensed the power of the Nine Cauldrons and introduced it into the pill.

"This?" Lu Fanchi suddenly felt inconceivable, this panacea actually matched the power of Jiuding.

The sky was silent, and the bronze Jiuding was drained of spiritual energy by the elixir, and its color gradually dimmed.

All of a sudden, the Jiuding Huaqi escaped into Lu Fanchi's sea of ​​consciousness one by one, suspended between the cliffs, and hovered on the top of the human way stone tablet.

Lu Fanchi seemed to hear the call, his soul was pulled out suddenly, and he came to that cliff again.

At this time, there was a figure in front of the stele of humanity. The plum blossoms fell on the figure, floating like scattered. He stared at the words on the stele and lowered his eyes, as if he didn't know the answer.

Lu Fanchi felt no pain at all, he walked into the figure, stamped his feet in front of the stone tablet, there was a layer of mist on the figure's face, he couldn't see what it looked like.

"I'm sorry...he made you tired." The voice was an old man, speaking in a very gentle tone.

"What?" Lu Fanchi asked puzzled.

The old man sighed: "Fang Daoquan, he should be called Si Mang, this is his original name, I am Si Yu, the last patriarch of the Si clan."

Lu Fanchi's face was surprised, he couldn't even figure out the stele, and the patriarch of the Si clan appeared again, he wondered: "What's going on? Why did you and Jiuding appear here?"

"After the death of the patriarchs of the past generations, the souls will always follow the Jiuding. If you inhale the power of the Jiuding into your body, I will naturally be here." Seeing Lu Fanchi's puzzled look, Si Yu continued, "As for your soul? Dan can match the power of the Nine Cauldrons, I think it should be related to the stone tablet."

"How?"

Si Yu shook her head and said, "I can't say the cause and effect. You have to explore it yourself. It's like asking a question on a stone tablet. You have to answer it."

Lu Fanchi was disappointed: "Ah? The heavenly secret must not be leaked?"

Si Yu smiled and said, "You can also say that, but it's not a secret, it's like a baby learning to walk, everything is up to you to explore."

Lu Fanchi was helplessly discouraged, looked at Jiuding, and suddenly asked: "When King Yu came to attack, why didn't he resist?"

Si Yu knew what Lu Fanchi meant. If he had resisted strongly at that time, perhaps the Si clan would not have died, the Jiuding would not have been taken away, and today's scene might not have happened.

"Nine cauldrons, crape myrtle star, the symbol of the emperor, the existence is to wait for the appearance of the emperor, the division of China, the long-term division will unite, the moment Yuguo led the army into Lijiang, I have already seen the fate of the people."

There seemed to be a chill in Si Yu's heart. She didn't know whether it was right or wrong in the past, but now it seems to be wrong.

Lu Fanchi was puzzled and said, "Are you just accepting your fate?"

Si Yu said in a deep voice: "Even if we resisted Yuguo back then, other people would come. Even if we handed over Jiuding, we would not be able to escape the catastrophe of extermination. My family relies on Jiuding for existence. Without Jiuding, we would be gone." Si clan."

Lu Fanchi was a little annoyed, and said, "What bullshit? You are living people, not dead things, and you can't live without Jiuding?"

Si Yu remained silent, for the Si family bore a fate that young people did not understand.

At this moment, there was light in the blue sky in the distance, Si Yu smiled and said: "Expelling one country, and then coming to another country, if every member of the Si clan bears a deep hatred, then they are not living people, revenge is always a fool's game. "


		