

Fang Daoquan's pupils contracted like needles, and he tried his best to calm down the fear in his heart, but he couldn't stop his mouth from opening and closing tremblingly. Standing in front of him was the white robe, Chu Muqing, whom he couldn't get rid of from his memory.

"You... aren't you useless!"

Chu Muqing raised her shoulders, giggled, and said with a smile, "Where is the joke!"

Lu Fanchi knew that Fang Daoquan was very afraid of Chu Muqing, but he didn't expect to be so afraid, so he couldn't speak clearly for a while.

Chu Muqing stared at the old man in front of him, and persuaded: "Fang Daoquan, stop! It's just because of that meal ten years ago."

Fang Daoquan said: "Fan? From the moment you led Yuguo soldiers into Lijiang, everything you did was nothing but atonement!"

The two people in front of them seemed to have a good relationship, Lu Fanchi couldn't help asking: "You, General Chu?"

Chu Muqing shook his head and sighed: "The king's order is hard to disobey. I am a general of Yu country. Even if I did not fight with the Chu family army at the beginning, others could not. I met him in Yu country ten years ago, but I I didn't expect him to be the national teacher later on, and he was in Yuguo at the beginning of everything, this, I believe."

Fang Daoquan laughed out loud. This is Chu Muqing's best excuse. Is he a minister?

He continued: "Do you think so? King Yu's heart has long since collapsed! Do you believe it? Seizing the Nine Tripods can only reassure the people, do you believe it! Chu Muqing, you have opened your eyes and seen this state of Yu."

Chu Muqing said in a deep voice, "I am a general..."

"In that case, stop talking nonsense!"

Their eyes were red and swollen, and they both took a step forward, intending to strike first.

Fang Daoquan waved his hands, and sacrificed a three-foot green spear from his cuffs, first he blocked the thrust of the Phoenix Wing.

Although an inch is long and an inch is strong.

But Fang Dao's full-length sword followed the Phoenix-winged spear, and he swiped it with all his strength, the blade of the sword sparkled with sparks, and suddenly, Fang Daoquan saw the momentum with one hand and ignited flames on the sword, lowered his body, and detoured in front of him , A fan-shaped flame split horizontally under Chu Muqing's feet.

Chu Muqing took a step back with the gun, slid his hand along the body of the gun to the end, carried the Phoenix Wing with one hand, stood up on tiptoe, spun around in the air, and then held the gun with both hands, the body of the gun smashed towards Fang Daoquan.

boom! This sound is not over yet.

Chu Muqing picked up the long spear in his hand, the spear and the body flew into the air again, with the pointed blade pointing down, the phoenix wings danced back and forth, the shadow of the spear fell like a torrential rain, covering the sky and covering the ground.

At this time, Fang Daoquan couldn't get away from his body at all, he propped up the sky with his hands to form a spiritual barrier, and pushed forward the attack of the Phoenix Wing.

Lu Fanchi took the opportunity to bypass the two and go straight to Jiuding, this is a good time to stop guiding Ziweixing.

The young man bumped into one of the cauldrons by himself, trying to destroy the magic circle, but the cauldron seemed to be stuck in the ground, motionless, and he was bounced back dozens of steps.

Fang Daoquan on one side had disheveled hair and red eyes, already in a state of madness, pushed away from Chu Muqing, and ran towards Lu Fanchi.

Lu Fanchi looked at the attacking palm, and dodged directly, and the unstoppable palm directly hit the cauldron behind him.

Boom!

The bronze tripod buzzed, but only trembled for a moment, Lu Fanchi looked at the Tongtian Lingzhu, and thought of a plan.

"Chu Muqing! Stop him!"

Ten meters away from Chu Muqing, the gun shot out like a dragon, and charged straight at Fang Daoquan.

Fang Daoquan was approaching the Jiuding, and the power of the Jiuding was mobilized for him. He had no fear at all, and smashed the blade of the spear back with the palm of his backhand, and with another blast, he repelled Chu Muqing.

Fang Daoquan saw through Lu Fanchi's purpose at a glance, and sneered, "Lu Fanchi, do you want to absorb the power of the Nine Cauldrons? Disturbing the magic circle, wishful thinking, the power of the Nine Cauldrons cannot be used by non-Si clansmen!"

During the conversation, Chu Muqing rose into the air and threw the phoenix wings in the air.

Dressed in white, he stretched out a hand in the air and waved it to the ground.

Huang Yi immediately conjured up four gun shadows, one after the other they attacked Fang Daoquan.

Fang Daoquan took two steps back.

The phoenix-winged spear disappeared into the clouds, and he suddenly discovered that the spear shadows were not coming towards him, but actually sealed his surrounding area, four spear shadows firmly plunged into the ground, and then emitted lightning, locking Fang Daoquan.

Lu Fanchi raised his eyes and saw a cold light in the white clouds, making him dodge first.

Fang Daoquan made a shot and popped out several fireballs, trying to interrupt Chu Muqing's spellcasting. When the fireballs touched the electric light, the silver electric light immediately spread out to form a net, collecting all the fireballs.

Chu Muqing held his breath and hummed.

At this moment, the vast clouds above the head were forced to disperse by the giant blade, and a circle was drawn in the sky, and the Phoenix-winged spear seemed to spread its wings, covering half of the shining sun, and soared down to the sky.

"Chu Muqing! Are you trying to destroy the Qing Ji Altar!"

Fang Daoquan was at a loss, he looked at the Nine Cauldrons on the stage, and saw that Ziwei Star was about to descend, if he gathered the power of all the Nine Cauldrons at this time, he would definitely use this move, but if so, the guiding formation would stop.

"Then come on! Let's all die here together!"

Fang Daoquan let out a roar, Lu Fanchi looked at the movement of the opponent's hands, and immediately circulated the aura in his body, pointed his thumb towards Fang Daoquan, and a blue light popped out from his knuckles.

But it was too late, Qing Guang didn't stop Fang Daoquan, he turned his palm forward, and the nine cauldrons spun in the air, forming a magic circle in the air.

The magic circle collided head-on with Huangyi, and those who were far away from the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall only felt a dazzling light in the sky.

Shocking, Lu Fanchi's eyes were shaken.

Although Chu Muqing was in the Heart Bone Realm, this was the spiritual power that Chu Yunchang passed on to him, and it couldn't be compared with his previous self, so he was very weak in using it. With a shake, he fully exerted his spiritual power.

The phoenix cries from the wings of the phoenix, and the flames of the phoenix are ignited on its spread wings, the nine tripods are linked together, and the magic circle gradually expands.

Lu Fanchi is not the generation of a villain, but at this time, if there is a sneak attack, the chances of winning are huge, and a blue light immediately shines with his finger.

A figure suddenly jumped out and caught it with his arms.

"You! Ufa?"

Lu Fanchi recognized the sharp blade in his hand at a glance, it was Ufa!

Wufa covered his arms, his body seemed to be very weak, and he said with a smile: "Shameless boy, how dare you sneak attack?"

I didn't notice anyone when I first came here, it should be Fang Daoquan sent to release the medicine man, then Ufa is here, doesn't it mean that Xuannv failed to teach others?

Lu Fanchi asked in surprise, "Why are you here?"

Ufa laughed and said, "Are you worried about other people? Let me tell you, all the medicine men have been released now, and your people have already been torn to pieces!"

"What did you say?"

Lu Fanchi looked at Wufa who kept coughing up blood in front of him, scratches and bite marks all over his body, obviously it was done by the medicine man.

boom!

The magic circle in the sky took shape, the power of nine cauldrons transformed into one cauldron, and the flames were contained in the cauldron, and the subsequent blows shook towards Huangyi.

Chu Muqing's eyes were dim, and his spiritual power was almost exhausted. This shock directly collapsed the magic seal formed on his hand.

The phoenix wings were broken.

Lu Fanchi looked over, and the figure that fell from the sky shouted, "Chu Muqing!"

Fang Daoquan laughed wantonly, eyes full of satisfaction, and said: "Who else! Can stop me!"

Seeing Wufa who was dying in front of him, about to fall, Lu Fanchi summoned a wooden sword, and pierced the opponent's chest with one blow.

Run to Chu Muqing.


		