

The shop is not big, and all you can see at a glance are ordinary coarse cloth, gold silk and satin. On the floor, there are three tables and two stitches, and the layout is square, which shows that Jiang Li has been working hard for a day.

Jiang Li walked lightly in front of the cabinet.

She cautiously opened the cabinet door, took out the wooden sword, then turned around and put her hands on the table.

The tailor girl's weak posture made Lu Fanchi a little tired. He is not a man with thick hands and feet, but the woman in front of him has such a contemptuous demeanor. Compared with the "elegant" Cha Shisan Be bad.

Jiang Li said slowly: "Master, this is your wooden sword. The little girl added some spirit patterns on it privately. I hope you will not blame me."

"No, what's the use of this spirit pattern."

"My little girl is not talented, and she is proficient in refining one or two in private. This wooden sword is somewhat...inferior to ordinary flying treasures..." Jiang Li raised his eyebrows when he said that, and his criticism of the wooden sword seemed to be unreasonable. There are more, because of Lu Fanchi's face, he continued,

"It's probably because of the black heart of the businessman. The young master bought this wooden sword because of his kindness. Now that the spirit pattern is added, the young master can fly and use it in martial arts without worrying about breaking it."

Lu Fanchi couldn't help laughing, if the "businessman" Su Sheng heard this, at least he would talk to the tailor girl immediately.

"Thank you so much. Make two clothes, one for me and one for her." Lu Fanchi pointed to Fan Qing and said.

Jiang Li turned his head and went into a room, and then came out again, propping up a green robe with plum patterns in both hands, and said: "My little girl heard that Mr. Lu is coming to Yu Country, so she made preparations, but I don't know if it fits, if it doesn't fit , change it again, can the little girl wait for two days, and then the little girl will send it over."

Lu Fanchi didn't hide it, and immediately took it, took off the original coat, and put on the one Jiang Li was holding.

"Then thank you, Fan Qing, give me the money."

No matter who puts on new clothes, they always look radiant, and Lu Fanchi is no exception. He strode out the door in a cool and unrestrained way, and Fan Qing followed behind with a small basket on his back.

Jiang Li watched her go away, and went back to the house to start her needlework.

The seamstress is not from Yuguo, she is from Qingguo, a land of soft water that nurtures gentle people, but her needlework and crafting methods all come from her deceased husband from Yuguo.

In troubled times, marriages in foreign countries, even if they are consensual, are not allowed to be recognized by the world. Even a native of Qingguo, no matter how tender and delicate, can beat her husband to death with a stick in front of the world. Jiang Li is also guilty of treason. Drive out rogues.

In front of the Xuannv Temple, Jiang Li's soul returned. On the way to Yuguo, she did not complain about the country.

Lu Fanchi didn't know what he needed to prepare for meeting Chu Muqing, since he had something to ask for, wine was indispensable, so he took the little idiot and walked around the entire East and West markets.

But the wine is ready and the people are there, so it's a good time.

The two left Qingping City, ready to go back to the small bamboo forest.

However, Fan Qing tugged at the corner of Lu Fanchi's clothes, and said hesitantly, "My lord, there is not much money left from Mr. Cha's money. What are we going to eat today? We haven't bought the ingredients yet."

Lu Fanchi carried two wine jars and glanced into Fan Qing's small basket, two books, a pair of tea sets...

After walking for so long, I didn't see a single dish.

Fan Qing whispered: "Young master, why don't you go to the village outside the city to see, there should be unsold ones, and the rest are sold at a low price."

Lu Fanchi patted her little head with a smile, and said cheerfully, "It will save money!"

Within a few miles outside the city, there is a village named Shichong, the closest distance to the two of them, and it takes about one stick of incense to the south to arrive.

The village here is small and the land is large, and most of the villagers have moved to the city. Now a household can have more than 20 mu of land, but only seven or eight mu of land is used to grow food.

At this time, the two were walking on the stone path, and at some point in front of them, a group of people gathered.

Lu Fanchi didn't like excitement, and didn't dare to make troubles, he hurried past quietly, but was stopped by a roar.

"Aunt! Don't stop me! This is the longevity technique given to us by the national teacher."

"Stupid, your parents died because of this longevity technique!"

"They have already ascended to immortality!"

Lu Fanchi couldn't bear to visit the crowd, only to see a woman fell to the ground, hugged the young man tightly and begged.

Holding a medicine pot in his hand, the young man suddenly kicked the woman's abdomen forcefully with his foot. Following the cry of everyone, the woman fainted and closed her eyes in pain.

The young man then scolded the woman on the ground furiously, shaking his head and leaving.

Lu Fanchi covered Fan Qing's eyes with both hands, very puzzled by this.

He looked pitifully at the woman on the ground, and instinctively stepped forward, not noticing that a person behind him suddenly patted his shoulder and pressed down.

Lu Fanchi was vigilant, quietly gathered his strength, but remained motionless.

The person behind is also a monk! And the realm is above oneself!

"Don't go, old thief Fang has a lot of eyes. If you go, you will arouse suspicion. No one can save this person. Once you save this person, you will be disobedient."

Lu Fanchi looked back, the burly man was wearing a straw hat, and he couldn't see his face clearly, but the coarse linen clothes on his body couldn't hide the magnanimity of the burly man.

The strong man raised his straw hat, grinned and said, "A boy and a girl, who like to join in the fun, you are Mr. Lu, my name is Lu Cui."

"mysterious..?"

Before Lu Fanchi finished speaking, Lu Cui covered his mouth with one hand, and said, "Shhh! How can you say it here! Come to my house."

After letting go, Lu Cui's hand was too strong just now, and the residual warmth in his palm made Lu Fanchi let out a big breath.

The two followed Lu Cui across the stone bridge in the village. Several villagers they met on the road greeted Lu Cui.

This person is not as chatty as the others taught by Xuannv, but he is honest, honest and approachable in temperament.

"This is my house, come in quickly."

Lu Fanchi and the others entered the stone house and roughly scanned it. It was like his small bamboo house, without gorgeous decorations, just a bed and a place to eat.

The two immediately sat down around the square table, and Lu Cui ran to the stove to bring a plate of cooking cakes and put them in front of them.

Lu Cui said first: "Mr. Lu, I'm sorry, this is the condition of my family."

Lu Fanchi said: "No problem, no problem, you are a member of Xuannv Sect?"

Lu Cui picked up the cake and handed it to Fan Qing, then said with a silly smile: "Yes, I am a farmer among the twelve members of the Xuannv Sect, did the old tea ghost tell you?"

"No, just told me a few people." Lu Fanchi nodded to Fan Qing, and then asked, "What happened to that just now?"

Lu Cui said helplessly: "It's like this every day. I get used to it after watching too much. The old thief Fang is not a medicine maker, so he needs someone. No, it is said that it is the longevity technique. Many people have been deceived, not only in my village. People from the village next door also went, about a dozen people a day, and occasionally the old thief Fang would send troops to other counties to take those prisoners, a whole carload of people, hey, we can't beat him, there is no way, I want to take care of it too, but I can't do it, those people have been deceived, and they all signed up."


		