

Yuguo monopolizes the central part of the land of China, with more than 300 counties in its territory, and it is a must pass through when going north and south.

And there is a dangerous mountain in Yuguo.

After a hundred years of manpower construction, the royal family has worked hard to build a Great Wall based on this terrain. It is called Prison Dragon, which means to trap the dragon veins of the five kingdoms here, which shows the great ambition of the Yu Kingdom.

There is even a monk stationed at the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall. If you just look at it from a distance, you can know that there is a man dressed in white standing on the edge of the Great Wall.

That is Chu Muqing, a mighty general who can break through thousands of soldiers with one shot, and can refine the three realms of the mind with one person, and is often admired by the people of Yuguo.

At the age of eighteen, he realized the destiny and Taoism by himself. At the age of twenty-two, he went out with his father. The existence of the soldiers of other countries who heard the news...

At this time, the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall is in the sky...

Lu Fanchi bid farewell to the two of them a few days ago, and wanted to go to Yuguo on foot, but unexpectedly, Su Sheng lent him the flying treasure in his bag.

Of course, if you borrowed it, you must return it. Not only did you give him the treasure, but you also handed him a talisman, telling Lu Fanchi that when you arrive in Yuguo, stick this talisman on the flying treasure, and you can fly back to Su Sheng on your own. hands.

Lu Fanchi naturally chose to forget, and the matter of returning it will be discussed later.

This treasure is a wooden sword. You don't need to learn the art of controlling the sword, and you can fly with spiritual power. The young man is quite comfortable to use. It is not only handsome, but also extremely practical, a good thing.

As for Xiao Que'er, Su Sheng escorted him to Wu Kingdom. Although he didn't know what Su Sheng was up to, and acted out of his character, Lu Fanchi didn't think too much about it, so he regarded Su Sheng as an honest person who was given by others. You're welcome? Don't be modest.

At this time, Lu Fanchi had never seen such a magnificent building. The Prisoner Dragon Great Wall really lived up to its name. Looking down from the sky, the Great Wall and the mountains formed a circle, and within the circle was the territory of Yu Kingdom.

Yuguo seems to be trapped, but it is not. It is also surrounded by mountains outside the city.

Whenever the enemy's army comes, the terrain has already changed, and the Great Wall will lock up the enemy's army firmly at the first step of marching. At that time, the soldiers of Yu State will catch the turtle in the urn, and it will be wiped out in a flick of a finger. This place is easy to defend but difficult attack.

No wonder for many years, even though soldiers from other countries came to the city many times, they were kept out of the city by the Great Wall, making Yuguo invincible.

The Prison Dragon Great Wall was built together with the power of mountains and rivers and the benefits of harmony between people. I really don't know who Fang Sheng proposed the strategy in the first place.

Just as Lu Fanchi, who was puzzled by this, was floating in the sky and lost his mind, an arrow from below flew towards him quickly.

Lu Fanchi, who was at ease, didn't notice the arrow at all, and the arrow flew directly in front of his face. Like a frightened bird, his lower body was slightly unstable and he almost fell.

Lu Fanchi was in no danger, he looked at the ground, at such a height, the arrow could be shot up, which shows the strength of the archer.

While panicking, another arrow!

This time Lu Fanchi could see clearly, he leaned over to dodge, presumably the people on the ground had spotted him, the first arrow and the second arrow should be a warning, so wouldn't the third arrow kill him?

Lu Fanchi didn't want to cause more trouble, so he went down obediently, looked through the floating clouds, and saw that the people on the ground were lined up neatly, all wearing armor and holding long guns.

Among the team, there was a man wearing a tiger-head armor, holding a big bow, staring straight at him with piercing eyes.

Before he could approach, the bow bearer shouted, "Come down!"

Lu Fanchi responded with a smile, and slowly approached the open space vacated by the row of soldiers.

And at the moment of touching the ground, the bowman shouted: "Take it!"

"Eh? Eh?"

Before Lu Fanchi took back his wooden sword, the soldiers on both sides moved closer with their guns, all pointing at his neck.

Now he didn't dare to move around, let alone possessing an immortal body, he would have to endure inhuman pain if he was poked into flesh by these dozens of gun blades.

The bow-wielding man had dark skin, a beard like a halberd on his face, and the armor on his shoulders trembled loudly. He walked very heavily step by step. He spat out a mouthful of old phlegm in front of Lu Fanchi, and asked in a deep voice: "Hmm! Who are you! I don't know Where is this?"

"I know, I know, this is Yuguo."

Lu Fanchi kept paying attention to these spear blades in his eyes, for fear that even a stunned hand slipped and pierced through him.

The bow-wielding man pinched Lu Fanchi's face, and looked around with his eyes wide open. At this distance, the bow-wielding man smelled of alcohol, making Lu Fanchi suffocate.

"Since you know, how dare you fly over by yourself?" The bow-wielding man narrowed his eyes, focused his eyes on the wooden sword on the ground, and asked, "Hmm... Yujianshu... Are you a disciple of Zhenyang?"

"Ah, yes, yes, Su Sheng, a disciple of Zhenyang, is a newcomer and doesn't know the local rules. No wonder."

Lu Fanchi was happy in his heart, thinking that he just took advantage of the reputation of Zhenyangmen to get away with it.

Who would have thought that the bow-wielding man turned his hand and asked: "I have heard that all the disciples of Zhenyang are outstanding, they can use sword energy to kill people thousands of miles away, show me how."

"Ah? I..." Lu Fanchi hesitated for a moment, swallowed the word "no" back into his mouth, and then said in a panic, "Okay! Please let me let you breathe a sigh of relief first, my lord, I'm so panicked."

The bowman immediately waved his hand, and all the soldiers put down their gun blades one by one, and then ordered someone to bring a straw man and place it fifty steps away from Lu Fanchi.

The bow-bearer threw the sword at his waist in front of him, and the sand that was shaken made Lu Fanchi's face full of dust.

The young man didn't dare to walk too slowly, just as he was about to lift the sword, he felt the weight of the sword deeply.

Lu Fanchi held the hilt of the sword in his hand, facing the straw man vertically, quietly showing his index finger, hiding behind the hilt.

"Hurry up!"

Under the urging of the bow bearer, Lu Fanchi immediately made a decision, concentrating his whole body's spiritual power on one finger.

hum! A Hunyuan blue light came out from the sword!

The surrounding soldiers were blinded by the blue light, and when they opened their eyes, the straw man was instantly wiped out.

The bow bearer on the side couldn't help admiring, although it is a straw man, but if it is wiped out, its power must be very strong.

"Hey, how is it?"

Lu Fanchi humbly forced out a smiling face, and the bow-wielding man also clapped and applauded along with the young man's laughter, thinking that he had been fooled.

"Take it!"

"Ah?" Lu Fanchi couldn't believe his ears.

"When the general is blind, let you use sword energy, you use your fingers to fool the general, put him in prison first, and interrogate him later, if the spies kill him immediately, if not? Chop it into mud and drag it to the pigsty Feed the pigs!"

The two people next to him immediately pressed Lu Fanchi's arms, fed the pig and beheaded? Aren't they all dead anyway?

Lu Fanchi had no choice but to cry out for injustice, and was dragged away by the two of them.

He rushed all the way to Yuguo, and it seemed that he had to report to Xuannv, so now he was locked in the dungeon, which took a lot of time.

But now apart from the peace agreement, there is no life-saving straw, but it cannot be handed over.


		