

The next day, Lu Fanchi, who was scheduled to enter the city at five o'clock, had already passed half the incense stick, and lay on the bamboo couch unmoved.

Sensible Fan Qing thought her young master was too tired, so she didn't wake him up, but it took too long before she realized that the young master was not tired, but lazy.

Fan Qing stood beside the bamboo bed, and called out twice tentatively: "Young Master, Young Master?"

Lu Fanchi slightly opened his eyes, glanced through the gap, first turned his head and then turned over.

Fan Qing saw that the husband didn't pay attention, stretched out his hand and tapped his back timidly, and said, "It's five o'clock, my lord."

"Ah? It's five o'clock?" Lu Fanchi was startled and woke up in a daze.

Seeing her young master panicked, the little girl lowered her head furtively, covering her mouth and laughing out loud.

Lu Fanchi put on his clothes, his shoes were not tight, he staggered to the door, turned his head and said: "Fan Qing, what are you waiting for, go out."

"Okay." Fan Qing picked up the small basket and followed.

After leaving the bamboo forest, we entered the city after walking to the left for a while.

In Lu Fanchi's impression, he had never seen the busy city in the city. Compared with Fan Qing, he showed more curiosity about these novelties.

Yuguo really deserves to be a big country. There are everything in a market, and there are hawkers on the street, each with a louder voice than the other, and some of them kneel down to sell themselves...

Lu Fanchi sighed in his heart, in this world...

"Fan Qing, where is the place you mentioned?"

Fan Qing didn't speak, and dragged Lu Fanchi along the way.

Along the way, the little man walked ahead, Lu Fanchi bent over and turned a few intersections without saying a word, and when he reached the last store, the boy's waist finally straightened, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

"Here." Fan Qing said, pointing to the sign above his head with the engraved 'Skillful hands make immortals'.

Lu Fanchi tilted his head, he couldn't see what the store was selling in front of the door, he went straight in, his eyes were very dull.

There is a signboard that sells medicine outside, but inside is a row of beds, and a masseuse standing in front of it is waiting for customers. He probably knows why Hong Niang from the Mansion of Death comes here every now and then.

Lu Fanchi hurriedly covered Fan Qing's eyes, hugged him and walked out with embarrassment on his face.

"Where should I start the investigation now? Go directly to the pharmacy for questioning? It's obvious to ask for a fight." Lu Fanchi muttered to himself.

When feeling sad, Fan Qing shouted: "My lord! Look!"

Lu Fanchi heard the sound and looked, in the middle of the road, a dozen people wearing silver armor and riding iron horses came fiercely around the iron cage in the middle.

One of the soldiers, with a black face, was eight feet tall when viewed from a distance, holding a long-handled sword, with no expression in his eyes, he opened the way in front of him and shouted: "Get out of the way!"

The crowd on both sides hurriedly gave way to a road, and lowered their waists one after another, no one dared to look directly at this group of armored soldiers.

Lu Fanchi tightened Fan Qing and put him behind him, only he stood up straight, trying to see clearly who was in the iron cage.

Just listening to the momentum of the man in the cage is not inferior to the armored soldiers, he shouted high and loudly: "Fang Daoquan, you will die! You deceive the people of Yuguo and poison the king, you deserve to die! People of Yuguo, wake up! You who are respected as the national teacher Fang Daoquan! He arrested your relatives and friends, and took them to refiners, wake up!"

None of the armored soldiers stopped the man in the cage from roaring, as if he did it on purpose, letting him roar, and the crowd kept their heads down, knowing that the man in the cage was declaring the facts, but no one uttered a word.

Awake and dare not face.

Lu Fanchi's eyes gradually lowered following the group of iron armored soldiers going away. Now the people of Yuguo are so muffled, not to mention the ministers in the court, this national master not only refines medicine, but also refines the hearts of Yuguo people.

"Fan Qing, let's go."

"where to?"

At this moment, Lu Fanchi knew why the people of Xuannv Sect were shut down every time when they were investigating this matter.

The thorny problem is not the national teacher himself, or tracking down the dens of the alchemists, but how to wake up these people so that the banner of resistance can be raised.

Lu Fanchi didn't hesitate, and asked, "Do you know where the butcher Zhao was mentioned by that person yesterday?"

Fan Qing nodded, and led Lu Fanchi around a few turns, bypassing the crowd.

What came into view was the corner of the crowd in front of him. Before Lu Fanchi approached, he heard the sound of butcher knives chopping meat from behind the crowd, and he could already smell the smell of pork.

"So lively..."

Lu Fanchi picked up Fanqing and put the girl's feet on his neck, and the master and servant rushed into the crowd.

Lu Fanchi called softly: "Fan Qing, shout quickly."

Fan Qing shouted in a childish voice: "Butcher Zhao, twelve catties of pork, half fried, half boiled!"

The knife in the butcher's hand didn't stop, and he responded with a deep voice: "It's the tea boss who wants it, and I have sent it to someone."

"Okay." Fan Qing then bowed his head and said, "It's already been sent, young master."

"Okay, then you can guide the way on it."

The tea house of Cha Shisan is in Dongshi. The East and West are far apart. The two cities can be regarded as the same day. Compared with the groceries in the West, Dongshi is full of high-rise buildings, literati painting workshops, drunken restaurants, etc. Noble Tea House....

Fan Qing seldom came here, she pointed to the red silk attic next to her and asked, "Master, what do you sell there?"

Lu Fanchi raised his eyes and saw that the graceful and charming woman upstairs was waving to him, and he hesitated: "Seller... flower seller."

At this time, Lu Fanchi saw a carriage approaching in front of him, the roof was decorated with colorful flowers and jade, and the two people in front of him, one was bald, the other had thick black hair, but both of them were tall and taller than him,

Both of them carried a huge sword on their backs, but their breathing was very steady, and their steps were heavy. Lu Fanchi felt that this was a monk at the bone refining level, and thought that it might be a young man in the car who was traveling with the accompanying guards. .

He hurriedly shifted to dodge, but forgot the existence of the girl above his head.

At this time, Fan Qing was politely waving his hand in response to the brothel woman, ignoring the bald man coming in front of him, and waved his small hand lightly.

There was only a snap.

The slap of the man who was not yet bald was as big as a face, blocking his sight. The force of this palm is so small that it is not as painful as a mosquito bite.

The two groups of people stopped when they heard the sound, and stopped in place, and both sides fought a mask.

Fan Qing froze for a moment, and was scared by the bald man's frightening eyes and shrank back in front of his husband.

Lu Fanchi raised his head and greeted him with a smile, and said politely, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry."

"Why stop?"

Before the bald man could make a sound, a woman's voice came out of the car first, enchanting and haunting, heart-piercing.

The woman in the car raised the curtain and looked, her worried and self-pitying face immediately attracted the crowd to watch.

"It's Jingfenglou's oiran! Miss Mei Han!"

"Where? Where?"

The last time the woman who made Lu Fanchi's face flushed was the first time she met Xuannv, she saw passers-by calling her famous, it seems that she bumped into a very important person.

A red-eyed scholar sprang out from the group, holding a stack of wooden slips in his hands, handing them over, shouting: "Ms. Mei, this is a poem written by Xiaosheng. Xiao... was born outside the city." Meng County, a hundred miles away, is here, and I will not hesitate to teach you."

Lu Fanchi's heart trembled, such a scholar who is not ashamed to ask, should be praised, but it's better to leave first.

Just as the boy moved away, the giant hand of the bald man pressed his shoulder.

The two remained motionless for a long time.

Fan Qing already expected that he was in trouble, so he slowly slid down from Lu Fanchi's back, retreated to his young master's lap, exposed his small head, and waited and watched tremblingly.

Lu Fanchi didn't want to get too entangled with this person, he said politely: "Dear brother, my own child made a mistake, I should apologize, but this is over."

The bald man remained silent, but Mei Han in the car just ignored the scholar, and said sharply: "Your child blocked my way, since your child is apologizing, what are you talking about?"

When Fan Qing was poked by the voice, he seemed to remember something, stood up trembling, and walked to the carriage immediately with blurred eyes.

Lu Fanchi watched the knees of this little figure gradually bend to the ground, his heart trembled, and he roared loudly:

"Don't kneel!"


		