

Lu Fanchi's breath was weak, he looked around, tried his best to stand up and said: "You have been deceived!"

The barbarian king Jiang Hu pointed to Lu Fanchi and asked, "What do you mean? At the beginning, I received a message that Ziwei Star was going to come to Yuguo. Now that most of the troops have been lost, you told us that we were cheated? You want to retreat? What is your intention?" ?”

Lu Fanchi said stiffly: "Since I can stand here, naturally I won't be afraid of you."

Shu King Tang Xun said disdainfully: "It's a big tone, but now that the city is broken, even if it is cheated, it is impossible to retreat. Today, I will definitely win Yuguo!"

Qing Wang Wei Ning'e said softly: "Everyone, be safe and don't be impatient, why don't you listen to what this young man has to say first."

Lu Fanchi hesitated for a moment, then directly stretched out his hand, condensing the faint spirit of Jiuding, and showed it to them.

Qing Wang Wei Ning'e squinted his eyes, recognized the spirit of Jiuding, and said: "Jiuding? You did the vision in the sky just now? Who are you?"

Lu Fanchi took advantage of the situation to frighten them: "The spirit of Jiuding is on me, why do you still ask me who I am?"

Wei Ning'e couldn't help laughing, and said: "You want to tell us that Jiuding and Ziwei chose you to be the emperor? You overestimate yourself."

Lu Fanchi was a little puzzled, isn't Ziwei star a symbol of the emperor? Jiuding is not what the emperor needs?

Wei Ning'e continued: "We all know that Yuguo's national teacher used Ziweixing as a gimmick to guide us to attack Yuguo. Although we don't know why he did this, but seeing the monster on the battlefield, I think I also understood Fang Daoquan's purpose, we came here as promised, and we took this opportunity to clean up the accounts of the past ten years!"

"Ziweixing? Jiuding? We have never paid attention to these things. Whoever is the emperor is the king. How can a star and a pile of broken copper and iron have the final say?"

This remark is unreasonable, Jiuding and Ziweixing should exist for the emperor, not rely on the emperor, whoever can unite the six is ​​the emperor, just like beggars fighting for steamed buns, whoever gets it will get it.

But if this is the case, why did King Yu want to destroy the Si clan and seize the Jiuding?

Lu Fanchi guessed that Jiuding and Ziweixing must have other functions. Otherwise, the Five National Congresses would jointly attack Yu, and Jiuding and Ziweixing could use it to force them to retreat.

Looking at the faces of the other kings further confirmed what I thought in my heart. These people had their own ghosts, and Wei Ning'e was not saying what he meant, and was trying to scare himself.

Lu Fanchi smiled and said: "Your words are indeed well-founded, a pile of broken copper and iron can't prove anything, but Jiuding has been a symbol of emperors since ancient times, and the winner can be reassuring! Your one-sided words represent other kings? You If you don't need it, someone will eventually!"

Wei Ning'e drew out his sword, and said angrily to Lu Fanchi: "To sow dissension, to disturb the morale of the army, believe it or not, I will kill you right now!"

The corner of Lu Fanchi's mouth raised, and he said: "You can try, kill me, without Ziweixing and Jiuding, then none of you will be able to be called emperor, let alone convince the public, who is the orthodox emperor, is Jiuding and Ziweixing Your choice is not what you want to be!"

"I will retreat." King Xuan said lightly.

Qi Anyang has a temperament, appreciates talents, and appreciates courage. Lu Fanchi has passed all the way to this point, and he is respected on the face.

In this alliance of the five armies, apart from the Wu Kingdom, which does not have a single soldier, the other four countries, the vanguard is Xuan Guo, the one with the largest force is Xuan Guo, and the one with the most casualties. In this battle, Qi Anyang is not a fool. He could see that other countries used this to consume Xuan Guo's troops.

The barbarian king is a fool who doesn't want to fight or enjoy himself. In the two countries of Qing and Shu, one waits and sees the fighter plane in the sky, and the other shrinks behind the ground. It's also bad in the eyes.

Qi Anyang had long thought of the rest of the four kingdoms, except King Wu, the rest had no good intentions, and giving Lu Fanchi a chance was also giving himself a chance.

"Qi Anyang!"

Wei Ning'e turned his head and drank, looking at Qi Anyang's calm face, it was obvious that he had long wanted to retreat, but he followed Lu Fanchi's wishes.

"I will not retreat!" King Shu and King Man said almost at the same time.

Wei Ning'e said angrily: "Qi Anyang! Can't you see that this kid is trying to sow discord? It is bound to be broken now!"

Qi Anyang still had no waves on his face, and said calmly: "King Qing, you just heard that in the battle ahead, all the dead are my soldiers, the so-called rumors that Chu Muqing's cultivation base is completely useless, but he showed his talents on the front line, you You should know that with his strength back then, if we continue to fight like this, no matter whether the city can be broken or not, we will still be half dead."

Wei Ning'e put on his robe and said, "Could it be that you have forgotten what Yuguo has done to us in the past ten years!"

There was a disagreement between the two, which was naturally what Lu Fanchi wanted to see, while the remaining three didn't seem to be in the dominant position, and they were dull.

Lu Fanchi's eyes were burning like a flame, and he said loudly: "Qing Wang, it seems that the odds of winning this battle are mostly in favor of Yuguo. If you want to hurt both halves and put Yuguo to death, I will wait for you. It's just you Don't regret it!"

Wei Ning'e said coldly: "Regret? You don't want to coerce me, and don't look at who is holding the power of life and death now."

Wei Ning'e waved his hand to give an order, Qingguo soldiers rushed towards Lu Fanchi and the others, Zhao Shenyang came out, with a butcher's knife in front of him, and the others also took precautions.

Lu Fanchi looked at the weak eyes of the soldiers around him, and said with a smile, "I said, as long as I want, no one can claim to be emperor!"

"What do you mean?"

Lu Fanchi raised one hand, and formed a guiding formation in the sea of ​​consciousness, using himself as the eye of the formation, sending out the aura of the nine cauldrons, soaring into the sky, the stars moved in the sky, and the Ziwei star descended into the sky.

Wei Ning'e said in surprise, "What are you doing!"

Lu Fanchi's golden pupils looked directly at the crowd, and said threateningly: "I'll ask again for the last time! Will I retreat or not? If not! I will destroy the spirit of Jiuding and make Ziweixing disappear forever!"

Wei Ning'e was so angry that he was speechless.

There can only be one emperor forever, and only one person can obtain the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons. Once the Qi of the Nine Cauldrons is destroyed, it means that the fortune of the emperor in the entire Shenzhou will fall into the hands of Lu Fanchi.

The establishment of the Six Kingdoms is based on this layer of imperial luck. Without this layer of luck, the luck of the Six Kingdoms will be exploited by others. At that time, let alone the people present proclaim themselves emperors, everyone in this world can stand on their own In the sect, everyone can be an emperor, and that would be chaos in the world.

Lu Fanchi didn't know about this, but it was precisely through this that he grasped the lifeline of the Six Kingdoms.

"Young man, don't be impulsive, do you know the pros and cons?" Qi Anyang dissuaded him.

"I don't care what you want to do, I just want you to retreat!"

The more Lu Fanchi's fingers flicked, the more tense the heartstrings of the five kings were.

Wei Ning'e's complexion gradually calmed down, a young man came all the way, mastering the luck of the emperor, he can completely believe that the person in front of him can do something absurd, but retreating from this is basically a waste of this opportunity to destroy Yu.

Wei Ning'e pondered for a moment, and said: "I can retreat, but I only regard it as the surrender of the Yu Kingdom. I need King Yu to exchange most of the land with me, as well as the spirit of Jiuding on your body."

Tang Xun added: "That's right! Back then, the Yu Kingdom occupied the border territory of our Shu Kingdom and slaughtered our citizens. How will this be settled!"

Jiang Hu also said: "My people want fertile land."

Qi Anyang kept silent, he had no intention of fighting for more points, he didn't want other people to be so greedy, he knew how much desire he could carry on his shoulders.

This King Xuan agrees with Lu Fanchi in his heart, and even hopes that Lu Fanchi will immediately agree to the conditions and end this meaningless war.

He gestured to Lu Fanchi with his eyes, but Lu Fanchi clenched his teeth and didn't notice him, all his eyes were fixed on King Qing in front of him.

"dream."

The word "simple" chilled Qi Anyang's heart, this boy was so rebellious that he wouldn't go down the steps.

"You brat is shameless!"

The barbarian king picked up the scimitar and put it on Lu Fanchi's neck, and the Qing king walked up and said, "Young man, do you really think you have the possibility to negotiate terms with us?"

"Then don't even think about getting what you want!"

Lu Fanchi would not agree to such uneconomical conditions, not to mention Jiuding, even most of the territory is impossible, he can't make decisions on his own, otherwise he will lose one side and offend the other.

"Then there is nothing to say! Cut it off!"

The Qing King was about to swing his sword down, and the girl in the green shirt who came on horseback from a distance shouted, "Stop!"

Lu Fanchi looked at the girl with blurred eyes, but only after hearing the voice, he blurted out: "Little Queer?"

Wu Wang Wen Renshu, who had been a bystander all along, stood up, watched his daughter approaching every step, and said in surprise: "Queer! Why are you here! So those monsters just now are really..."

Before she finished speaking, the woman in red walked out from behind Xiao Que'er, and said flatly, "I did it."

"Senior Chen! Why are you...following Que'er...this is nonsense!" Wen Renshu was anxious and had nowhere to put his hands. He had already noticed the shocking sword just now, and kept silent, just worried about his daughter Follow secretly.

Wei Ning'e turned his head to look at the woman in red, and after only a slight glance, he was stunned. Then he turned to the girl in green and said politely, "Princess Wu? Do you want to keep this young man?"

"right!"

Wei Ning'e asked King Wu again: "Brother Wenren, this time you Wu Kingdom didn't get involved, and you didn't come here to watch. I also know that you don't have the heart to compete. I asked you to come here, but just leave. Just a cutscene, what is the reason for Qianjin's move?"

Wen Renshu heard the implication, King Qing was threatening him, and he would not give in, and said, "Wei Ning'e! This is none of her business."

Xiao Que'er walked to Lu Fanchi's side, and said forcefully: "My father is right, this has nothing to do with the princess of Wu Kingdom, I am a Minglou legend, stand here!"

"Minglou?" Lu Fanchi was confused, Xiao Que'er was actually the Princess of Wu Kingdom, and she had another identity. .

Little Que'er leaned over and whispered, "Don't talk."

Wen Renshu walked towards Wen Renque, grabbed his daughter's hand, just about to use force, but his daughter broke free and said, "I said it! I am the descendant of Minglou, Wen Renque, not the princess of Wu Kingdom!"


		