

Lu Fanchi ordered Xiao Que'er to go into the room first, and left after hearing the sound.

On the deck, several people surrounded a young man.

The man was dressed in a white shirt with moiré patterns, with sheep jade and white fat hanging from his waist. He looked at everyone carefully with his eyes, and his hands and feet had already put on airs, as if he was going to fight with him.

Lu Fanchi thought that this person's status was not low, he might be a kid from a rich family, but it was just a guess, after all, a kid from a rich family would not come to take this crowded ferry, just wait and see.

"Throw him overboard!"

"Yes, Yuguo people! Don't talk about burning, killing and looting, how dare you come here!"

"Sacrifice to him! A little condolences for the dead people."

The man still didn't say a word to these people's scolding, but suddenly put his left hand behind his waist, and the hidden sharpness made Lu Fanchi vigilant.

At this moment, the old man in coir raincoat in the crowd couldn't hold back his temper, patted the bag on his waist, called out a long sword, and jumped out to stab.

Seeing that the short blade was pulled out from behind the surrounded man, Lu Fanchi saw the timing in the crowd and flicked it away.

Ding!

The sword in the uncle's hand was shaken by the shock, and it was passed to the hand holding the sword in an instant, and the whole person fell on the deck, as if struck by lightning, and his whole body trembled.

"Who! Who is plotting!"

Lu Fanchi didn't show up, but the man who was besieged found him, and the two met each other.

"All great immortals! It's okay, let's give Lun Xianmeng a face."

A boatman clasped his hands together, suddenly jumped out of the crowd, bowed left and right, and said with a silly smile.

"I've got my eye on you." The uncle was so angry that he hooked his hands towards the man in the white shirt, after which the spectators dispersed.

But Lu Fanchi stayed where he was, and turned to the other party with a smile: "My dear friend, can you step over and have a cup of tea?"

The man was not alone, he followed Lu Fanchi's back and walked to the wing.

"Please!"

Lu Fanchi played tricks at this time, let the man go first, lest the big fish run away.

As soon as the man entered the room, Lu Fanchi closed the door and locked it!

Xiao Que'er looked up and was about to make a loud noise when a stranger came in and whispered, "You... are back..."

As soon as the words fell, the man immediately pulled out the short blade and pressed it against Lu Fanchi's neck.

This time, the three people in the room stared wide-eyed, as if dead silent.

Lu Fanchi thought to himself: "The people who saved in the morning don't appreciate it, and the people who save it now don't appreciate it, that's wonderful."

The man looked around, then stared at the boy, and said in a deep voice, "Who are you?"

"Brother, can you put down the knife first?" Lu Fanchi carefully removed the knife.

The man held the knife slowly and forcefully, trying to wipe a trace of blood on his neck.

"Everyone on the boat knows that the people of Yuguo deserve to die, but you saved me. You are either a fool, or you have evil intentions, and you are a spy! And you have profound spiritual power, and you are not an ordinary person."

"What kind of spy?" Lu Fanchi felt that the people here were ignorant, and they didn't appreciate saving people, and even framed them.

"A man and a woman concealed their identities and lied about the disciples of the Hehuan Sect. You are assisting in smuggling."

Lu Fanchi's back felt cold, this person could tell that this was not a big fish, but a piranha, and he had a brain.

"Say it! Who are you!"

"Say it quickly!" Xiao Que'er shrank in a corner, whispering impatiently.

"Brother, you can wipe me off with one knife, and wipe off the little thing next to it." Lu Fanchi said with a sinister smile.

"Hi!" Xiao Que'er cried out anxiously.

"But! No matter who I am, you won't kill me. Instead, you need me to protect you. Otherwise, you won't follow me. You're just trying to stand up. Even if you kill me, if you don't guarantee it later, then the uncle will kill me." Come, everyone on board can."

The more Lu Fanchi talked, the more energetic he was, and no matter how vigilant this person was, he was not a simple Yuguo person.

Furthermore, the Yuguo people on this boat are like rats crossing the street, but this person wants to get on the boat, either for his own reasons or because he is a fool.

The man relaxed his vigilance slightly.

But Lu Fanchi was waiting for this moment, he continued: "And! Even if I am a spy, you also know that I have profound spiritual power, how do you know that you can defeat me with a short knife."

"Are you bluffing me?"

"Yes, I'm just bluffing you." Lu Fanchi's eyes were sharp, with a half-smile.

The man hesitantly breathed a sigh of relief and put down the knife.

And Lu Fanchi rolled his eyes like a puddle of mud, and slid to the ground against the door.

The little Que'er next to him came running from the corner, kicked him hard, and said, "Treat me like a cauldron, and pull me on your back."

"Is she really your furnace?" The man suddenly asked.

"No!" Xiao Que'er tried to explain.

The three of them found places to sit down, but Lu Fanchi still had lingering fears, he always believed in his intuition, and asked: "I, Lu Fanchi, that's Xiaoqueer, what do you call my dear friend?"

"Mu...yu." Muyu said his name embarrassingly.

"That's really a wooden fish." Lu Fanchi couldn't help laughing, and continued, "Since this is the case, trust has been established. I want to ask something. Of course, you can choose not to say anything, but if you don't say it, the uncle will come."

This is not Lu Fanchi's intentional threat. Faced with this hard-won opportunity, he wants to get more information about Yuguo from it.

"Tsk, what do you want to ask." Muyu looked out the window, the ferry boat was already in the clouds.

"What are you doing?"

"Guard."

"What is the purpose of coming here? Whose guard?"

Muyu had also kept silent at this time, but Lu Fanchi's threat made it difficult for him if he didn't say anything.

"The guard of Yuguo's envoy, someone may rob the ship later." Mu Yu said calmly, but made Xiao Que'er back into the corner again.

Lu Fanchi was not surprised, but hurriedly said, "I'll finish it all at once."

Muyu sat up and said: "The envoys of Yuguo took the peace agreement with Xuanguo, and for safety escort, they divided into two teams, one on the ground and the other in the sky, but after boarding the ship, spies came to report that there were also assassins on board. .”

"Then what did you mean by deliberately revealing your identity on the deck just now?" Lu Fanchi seemed to have guessed Muyu's intention.

"That's right, I did it on purpose. I wanted to attract the assassin's attention first and lead to another house, but I didn't expect you to come."

"Others have no intention of planting willows, and I have no intention of planting dung." Lu Fanchi said helplessly while lying on the chair.

Mu Yu solemnly said: "Brother Lu, I'm sorry, but if the envoy is killed and loses the agreement, then the purpose of this trip will be in vain. We just need to stay in this room and wait for the assassin to take the bait."

Xiao Que'er moved quietly, tugged at the corner of Lu Fanchi's clothes, and whispered: "I want to go home."

As for the assassin, he could refuse and let the envoy die in the territory of Xuanguo, triggering the war between the two countries was exactly what he needed.

On the contrary, it was Xiao Que'er, although she had just met her not long ago, but this girl gave her the order of flying.

In case the assassin came and caused unnecessary commotion, he did not reach Wu country.

The girl's journey back to her hometown is getting farther and farther.

Of course, he can also attract the attention of the envoys in the guards, and take the opportunity to infiltrate Yuguo's government, but he will come to Japan for a long time, he only has three years.

He looked at Xiao Yu'er's moist eyes, and asked, "Do the robbers know the face of the envoy?"

"I don't know, but they will look for it."

"How many robbers do the spies know?"

"I don't know."

The young man stood up suddenly, and said in a deep voice, "We take the initiative to attack!"


		