

The young man in front of Lu Fanchi was full of vigor and vitality, and walked swaggeringly.

It is said that I borrowed Su Sheng's wooden sword and returned it to him when I came to Yuguo. Although I said in my heart that I would not return it, as time passed, I really forgot about it.

Su Sheng teased: "Hey, it's a good place, but does this yard need someone to clean it?"

Lu Fanchi asked: "How did you find this place? Do you want to return the wooden sword?"

While Su Sheng laughed, he held the talisman between his fingers and said, "I already knew that you borrowed it and would not return it. The talisman paper I gave you is not to let the wooden sword fly back to my hand, but to let me find you." .”

"A... locator?"

Su Sheng nodded and continued, "Let's go."

"Where are you going?"

Su Sheng raised his head and raised his mouth, "True Yang Gate."

Lu Fanchi's eyes were blurred, he realized later, and said, "Zhenyangmen? Wait! I still have a lot of things to do."

The incident happened suddenly, and the affairs on Yuguo's side have not been clarified yet. Lu Fanchi is still worried about this. If he leaves, what should Xuannvjiao explain.

But this was going to Zhenyangmen, Lu Fanchi thought about it a little bit.

Su Sheng had already pulled Lu Fanchi's arm and said, "It won't take you long, someone wants to see you."

Lu Fanchi's butt seemed to be glued to the floor, motionless, and said, "Wait! Who wants to see me."

Su Sheng put his arms around his chest, frowned and said: "I went back to the sect that day and reported the matter of the ferry boat to the sect master. I don't know why, but the sect master suddenly became interested in you and asked me to come to you. I left you a locator, otherwise I can find it easily.

"Speaking of which, this Yu country is really a dangerous place. When I first came that day, the woman in red on the side of the prison dragon Great Wall, tsk tsk, the level of this sword...except for the head, it is really difficult for anyone else , Not only that, I also saw a person in the sky who killed nearly hundreds of them with one hand, and it was thanks to you for surviving in Yu Country that day."

Lu Fanchi scratched the back of his head, slightly embarrassed. The person Su Sheng said was himself. If it weren't for the spirit of the Nine Cauldrons, he really couldn't cross half of the realm to kill the enemy, but this also has retribution. The two sticks on his left hand The fingers can't move fully yet.

Su Sheng raised his eyebrows, looked at Lu Fanchi with a puzzled face, and asked, "Why are you smirking? Hurry up and pack your things, and follow me."

Lu Fanchi walked back into the house and left a note, of course the whereabouts were not clearly written, so we still have to be careful about this.

Although I don't know why the head of the Zhenyang Sect summoned him, but I'm a little curious about the Zhenyang Sect's summoning, how can I refuse the invitation of the world's number one cultivating immortal sect.

Maybe get a master to pay homage to, restore the spiritual root, re-cultivate, and the destiny and Taoism will be in place in one step.

"Walk!"

Su Sheng walked into the courtyard, swaying the sword energy between his fingers, and with one finger, the red reed sword was unsheathed immediately, circled in mid-air for a circle, and the sword turned into an illusion, falling in front of the two people.

I have to admit that Lu Fanchi was very greedy for this skill of controlling the sword, and he had to learn it no matter what.

A million miles to the north, there is a dark cloud in the distance, and its mountains are soaring into the clouds, and the peaks are covered by a corner, like a place that cannot be pryed into.

The ground is barren, but visible to the naked eye, on the black gray soil, there is a giant locust tree rooted hundreds of feet deep, its stumps swaying in the wind, its leaves fall to the ground and wither in an instant, and the color of the giant locust tree is like charcoal, as if it had been burned by fire , lifeless.

Not to mention people, even birds and beasts are gone.

Hearing the thunder hidden in the dense clouds, a flash of light landed on the ground, Lu Fanchi was in a trance, and a hole in the ground looked like the footprints of a giant beast.

Even though the Chilu Feijian was extremely fast, but only at that moment, Lu Fanchi glanced at the footprints, and suddenly felt pain in his body as if struck by lightning.

Su Sheng reminded at this time: "Look up and look ahead, don't lower your head, if you look one more time, you will die."

Lu Fanchi raised his head in panic, simply didn't look at anything, closed his eyes, and asked, "What kind of place is this, so evil."

Su Sheng explained: "This place is called Lei Ze. According to legend, the master of the fairy world, the fairy emperor was born here."

"Ah? The place where the gods were born, why does it look like this?"

Su Sheng was a little puzzled, and asked, "Didn't you hear the Lei Ze story told by the old man at home when you were young?"

"No."

Not to mention the stories told by the elders at home, Lu Fanchi has never heard of even his parents' bedtime stories.

Su Sheng said: "According to legend, there was a woman named Huaxu who entered Lei Ze for a while, and stepped on this footprint. After returning, she suddenly became pregnant, and gave birth to the Immortal Emperor and Nuwa. It was left by the Thunder God of Nine Heavens in the valley in front of him, imprinted with the remaining aura, ordinary mortals will be deeply hurt by it at a glance, some will be deaf in both ears, some will turn white in both eyes, and become blind."

"Huh? If you step on it, you will get pregnant? What if a man steps on it?"

Lu Fanchi's focus made Su Sheng unable to answer the question. Instead, he raised his chin and considered the reason very seriously.

Su Sheng was dull for a moment, then said: "This is just a legend, what is an immortal emperor, he is an immortal, how could he be the son of a mortal."

Lu Fanchi became angry when he heard it, and said: "What's wrong with ordinary people, the gods in the sky and the ghosts in the ground, aren't they all changed by people?"

Su Sheng disagreed. In his perception, Immortal Emperor, Nu Wa, etc. belonged to the gods of the beginning, and they were born after Tong Kuaju created the world.

"Do you know Tongtianzhu?"

"you say."

"My master said that ten thousand years ago, there was a pillar between the heavens and the earth called Tongtian Digger, so it was called the Tongtianzhu. Everyone at that time could climb the Tongtianzhu to reach the heaven and become a god." Su Shengtuo Letting out a mouthful of old air, Shuangzhi kept waving his chest, like a storyteller from a teahouse.

Lu Fanchi tilted his head, and had a question: "Is this what everyone calls fairy fate? If so, why are there so many qi cultivators staying in Shenzhou?"

Su Sheng continued; "Because the Immortal Emperor slashed the Tongtian Pillar with one sword, separating the heaven and the earth."

"Why?"

"I don't know, but even so, there are still people who have attained Dao Ascension, and they are the first ones!"

Lu Fanchi asked, "Who?"

Su Sheng pointed his thumb inward, and said with a smile: "The founder of Zhenyangmen, Zhenyangzi."

This answer did not surprise Lu Fanchi at all, the reason why Su Sheng could brag like this probably had something to do with him.

Although Lu Fanchi no longer had spiritual roots, and was not very interested in ascending to immortality, out of curiosity, he asked, "Is it possible to ascend as a martial artist?"

"Warrior Realm? Are you referring to a martial artist who tempers his body and trains his true energy?"

"right."

Su Shengzai frowned, thought for a while, and said, "As far as I know, the warriors who can touch the 'Ascension' today should be the ancestors of Daishan, and the Wuyuezong of the East China Sea. There may also be some unknown people. Master."

"Daishan Patriarch..."

Isn't it the person Chen Qingrou said to Wei Ning'e that day? And from the tone of the woman in red that day, it seemed that she was not particularly afraid of this ancestor of Daishan.

Lu Fanchi immediately thought of what Chu Muqing said, but there are only a handful of them, but there are so many masters in the world.

It was probably because Chu Muqing stayed at the Prisoner Dragon Great Wall and hadn't left the city for a long time. He had long forgotten that the situation was changing rapidly, and the world was no longer what it used to be.

Unknowingly, the two Yujian praised Lei Ze and flew into the valley ahead.

Lu Fanchi said: "How far is it?"

Su Sheng said: "It's three or four days faster, ten days and a half months slower."

"Didn't you say it wouldn't take too long?"

While speaking, Lu Fanchi realized that something was wrong here, and looked around at the stone walls in the valley. Although they were all traces of a thousand years old, they could still be vaguely distinguished.

Lu Fanchi asked: "What does it mean to be slow? Yu Jian is also slow?"

Su Sheng said very calmly: "This valley is the habitat of the Nine Heavens Thunder God I mentioned just now. If you are fast, you will fly directly over it, and you may die. If you are slow, you will take a detour, but you will definitely live."

"Then you still fly in!"

"I usually fly here, and I want to see what Thunder God of Nine Heavens looks like." Su Sheng seemed to enjoy the dark wind blowing in the valley very much, and his hands were thinking about it.

Lu Fanchi asked Su Sheng seriously: "Are you okay?"

Su Sheng's behavior made Lu Fanchi wonder if the young man in front of him was possessed by an evil spirit, so while Su Sheng was facing him, Lu Fanchi kicked him behind his back, with little strength, but Su Sheng fell on the sword.

A low growl came from nearby, and Lu Fanchi reacted immediately, poking Su Sheng's back slightly, but seeing nothing abnormal, he grabbed Su Sheng's shoulder and twisted it back.

I saw Su Sheng's eyes were empty and white, and Lu Fanchi kept yelling in Su Sheng's ear.

Su Sheng was like a dead person, just looking at him with a smile on his face, his eyes turned white, and he didn't even know if the other party saw him clearly.

"Ordinary people will lose their hearing and turn their eyes white after seeing the footprints? Su Sheng!"

Lu Fanchi's voice was hoarse, almost covered by the thunder from the dense clouds above. Su Sheng in front of him might have been tricked when he stepped into Lei Ze, no wonder his behavior was so weird.

It was Thunder God of Nine Heavens who controlled Su Sheng's mind and led them into the valley.

But he was not controlled, which is why.

Lu Fanchi, who concluded that the source was not in the footprints, spread his hands out, went to Su Sheng's left and right ears, and tried to close them.

Snapped!

Two slaps were slapped, and Su Sheng felt as if his soul had been pressed back, and his eyes gradually recovered.

This is exactly what Lu Fanchi guessed, the footprints and paw prints are deception, the real thing is the thunder, although he just tried to block the thunder with a gravity slap and wake the opponent up, unexpectedly, he finally got his wish.

"Hmm! What's going on!" Su Sheng woke up suddenly and looked at Lu Fanchi.

"Hurry up and fly Yujian out of the valley!" Lu Fanchi hurriedly urged.

And just when Su Sheng was still in shock, his eyes focused on a cloud of black mist behind Lu Fanchi.

The cloud of black mist chased the two of them consciously, and in an instant, it filled the two of them and enveloped the valley.

Lu Fanchi turned his head following Su Sheng's astonished gaze, and in the black mist, a human face with horns appeared out of nowhere. When his mouth opened and closed, he could see sharp teeth that were as sharp as sword blades.


		