

Li Sheng successfully won the game. The face of Han Feng on the opposite side was extremely ugly at the moment. He never expected that the result of his most promising game would be this result. He immediately roared, and then led his people towards Far away.

Sun Chou looked at Li Sheng with a happy face, as if he was looking at some rare treasure. Sun Chou also fulfilled his promise, and Li Sheng also received five hundred spirit stones as a reward.

Li Sheng left this place in a blink of an eye. On the way, he met a familiar person, a member of the machete society. That person was Li Huayuan. When he saw Li Huayuan, Li Sheng was taken aback. Obviously, he did not expect this person to appear in front of him. on the way back.

Before Li Sheng could speak, Li Huayuan said immediately, "Your fellow Taoist is amazingly powerful, and I admire you so much, so there is one thing I would like to invite fellow Taoist to go with."

"I don't know what it is, why should fellow daoist be so cautious." Li Sheng said with some doubts.

"Haha, of course it's a good thing. I invite fellow daoists to hunt down monsters together. I don't know what the friendship will be like. This beast is a rather rare poison dart frog. This beast is full of treasures, and its strength is not strong. Fellow daoists Do you plan to go with me?" Li Huayuan said calmly.

"It's such a good thing, why did Fellow Daoist invite Li to go with him? It's not for some reason." Li Sheng said without hesitation.

"The main reason is that there is a leader of the poison dart frog in the poison dart frog, which is at the perfect level of Qi training. It is quite difficult to deal with it, but the wooden dummy technique of fellow daoist is so powerful, it should be a piece of cake to deal with the leader of the poison dart frog. .”

Li Sheng said with some surprise: "Haha, fellow daoist has found the right person. My wooden puppet technique is really easy to deal with poison dart frogs, but can you explain the distribution of the spoils, fellow daoist?"

Li Huayuan immediately said: "Of course it's a 50-50 split. I believe we will have a happy cooperation. What does fellow Taoist mean?"

"Uh, let's leave it at that. I don't know when to start. I may not have much time. After all, the mining task is quite difficult." Li Sheng said a little displeased.

"Let's act together tomorrow morning, how about meeting here, we really don't have enough time." Li Huayuan said helplessly.

After finishing speaking, the two of them left one after another. After Li Sheng returned to his residence, he immediately began to practice his fireball technique. After all, the power of fireball technique is the most powerful among all spells.

Moreover, Li Sheng was more confident in his talent, so Li Sheng worked harder to practice this spell. Time passed by, and when the sun shone on Li Sheng the next morning, Li Sheng set off towards his destination facing the rising sun. It didn't take too long for Li Sheng to arrive at the assembly point. As expected, Li Huayuan was waiting for Li Sheng there. Li Sheng greeted him, and the two disappeared into the dense forest together.

After an unknown amount of time, Li Sheng and Li Sheng came to a pool. Ripples rippled on the pool, and the reed leaves swayed slightly as the wind blew by. From time to time, a few birds flew by, looking peaceful and peaceful.

At this time, two figures broke the long-lost silence. They were Li Sheng and Li Huayuan. They came to the side of the pool. Without saying a word, Li Sheng released several fireballs and hit the water surface. After stepping up, there was a huge sound, like a bomb exploding, and soon Li Sheng heard the strange cry of "quack", and a water arrow shot at Li Sheng quickly, but fortunately, Li Sheng held a talisman, and the talisman Immediately, it turned into a yellow shield on the surface of Li Sheng's body. After the water arrow hit it, the shield trembled slightly but did not break. However, after the first water arrow appeared, the successive water arrows came continuously, which also frightened Li Sheng, and hurriedly avoided. Although his shield would not be easily broken, but with so many attacks close to him, I'm afraid this shield is also overwhelmed.

Li Sheng hurriedly avoided the room, and Li Huayuan next to him also took out a formation flag, and set up the formation on the spot. The large formation quickly formed a black shield, covering Li Huayuan in it.

Li Huayuan made a gesture towards Li Sheng, Li Sheng immediately understood, and began to mutter something, a wooden figure quickly took shape, striding forward, not afraid of this water archery at all, and soon there were several poison dart frogs in the water Climbing out of the water, he began to continuously release water archery in the direction of Li Huayuan. The wooden man walked up and punched the poison dart frog. The poison dart frog died instantly. Then under Li Sheng's control, the wooden man immediately A dozen poison dart frogs have been killed. Soon there was a loud "croak" sound from the bottom of the water, a poison dart frog one meter high jumped out of the water, and at the same time a large water arrow five times the size of a normal poison dart frog shot towards Li Huayuan. The formation also shattered in an instant, but fortunately Li Huayuan took out a small shield the size of a palm from the storage bag in time to block in front of him. Otherwise, the blow just now would be enough to kill it, and Li Huayuan would break out in a cold sweat.

When Li Sheng saw the giant poison dart frog, he immediately manipulated the wooden man to stride towards the giant frog, and then punched it out. The main body of Sheng leaped forward, and then spit out a water arrow.

Seeing the giant water arrow coming, Li Sheng's heart immediately rose to his throat, and then he released a fireball without hesitation. The fireball collided with the water arrow, and the water arrow did not burst. Instead, they hit Li Sheng unabated, but Li Sheng hurriedly turned sideways, and the water arrow flew past Li Sheng's shoulder.

Li Sheng's shoulder immediately turned black, and no blood flowed out, which surprised Li Sheng, and immediately said with a somewhat ugly face: "It's poisonous, no, I'm poisoned."

Next, Li Sheng didn't care about other things, and immediately took a detoxification pill from the storage bag and took it, and then saw the giant frog spit out another water arrow with a gloomy expression. It was too late, in desperation, Li Sheng changed the tactic in his hand, muttered words, and then saw another vine rising from the ground, and soon formed a wooden figure. At this moment, Li Huayuan, who was beside him, was stunned. It never occurred to Li Sheng that in such a critical situation, he would actually break through the realm and practice the wood puppet technique to a perfect state. You must know that only the perfect level of wooden dummy can summon two wooden dummy at the same time. From this, it can be seen that Li Sheng's talent in practicing magic can be described as terrifying. The newly summoned wooden man punched the poison dart frog with a punch. After the giant poison dart frog took the blow, it flew upside down immediately, and then the two wooden figures beat the poison dart frog to the ground and passed out. In the past, Li Sheng breathed a sigh of relief, and slumped on the ground. Li Sheng was slumped on the ground at this moment, while Li Huayuan began to dispose of the dead body of the poison dart frog. After all, apart from the fur and blood essence of monsters, the most valuable thing about this poison dart frog should be its poisonous sac. The main material of making some precious medicines, just this giant poison dart frog can be exchanged for three hundred spirit stones, it can be said that this poison dart frog is a treasure. After Li Huayuan finished processing, Li Sheng and Li Huayuan left together. Of course, the purpose of this trip has been achieved, and the only thing left is to go to Tainan Valley.

Li Sheng and Li Huayuan came to a store called Duobao Pavilion. The shopkeeper was a middle-aged man with a white face and beardless. When the shopkeeper saw Li Sheng and Li Huayuan, he immediately walked over to the two of them from the counter. Li Huayuan held a huge The package was placed on the counter, and after the shopkeeper checked it carefully, he said with satisfaction: "Not bad, not bad, this is the most valuable monster material I have seen this month, and I can offer you a price of one thousand spirit stones." , what do you guys think?"


		