

When several people were in a state of unrest, a violent roar resounded throughout the mine, and then a red figure shot towards Zhang Xiaofan like a bolt of lightning, Zhang Xiaofan reacted in time, a black shield appeared in his hand, a blood claw It collided with the shield, making a crisp sound, and then just when Zhang Xiaofan let go of his mind, a bloody hand suddenly poked out from behind, the yellow shield was like paper, without any resistance at all, and then Being broken by one blow, the bloody hand went straight into Zhang Xiaofan's back, and a fresh heart was pulled out. Zhang Xiaofan immediately fell to the ground and couldn't get up.

Seeing this scene, Zhou Hu and Ouyang Zelin said in shock at the same time: "It's really unexpected that there are two human monsters."

At this moment, Li Huayuan was also staring at the scene in front of him in a daze. He couldn't believe that in such a short period of time, two people had already fallen here one after another. He suddenly began to regret coming here, but the cruel reality made him feel helpless. With the intention of retreating, Li Huayuan quickly fled away in the distance under the astonished eyes of everyone. Seeing this scene, Li Sheng was a little speechless, but the situation in front of him could no longer allow him to be careless. After seeing this scene, Ouyang Zelin said angrily: "You are really as timid as a mouse, the world is uncertain, why not give it a go."

Then Ouyang Zelin smiled and said to Li Sheng: "I didn't expect that fellow Taoist's wood puppet art has reached the perfect state. I really envy others. If I can practice a spell to the perfect state like fellow Taoist , What are the two demons?"

Then Ouyang Zelin said with a smile: "Can Taoist friends protect me? I have something that can subdue these two evil animals, but it will take a while to activate."

Seeing this scene, Li Sheng immediately said yes. So Li Sheng came to Ouyang Zelin under the protection of the two wooden figures. Ouyang Zelin greeted Zhou Hu again, so the three stood back to back together. Ouyang Zelin patted the storage bag, and a talisman appeared In his hand, there was nothing else but an incomparably precious talisman. On that talisman was a small pale golden hammer, which looked very aura. During the time when Ouyang Zelin injected mana into it, the two wooden figures were already entangled with the two human demons, but fortunately Zhou Hu's gourd magic weapon assisted them, so the two wooden figures could barely get along with each other. The two monsters fought back and forth.

At this time, Ouyang Zelin was about to finish casting the spell, and the precious light in his hand was so bright that Li Sheng could even hear the singing of immortals and Buddhas. There are runes everywhere on it, like a rare treasure. Ouyang Zelin held up the talisman, and immediately the talisman turned into a small golden hammer, and the golden hammer turned into a meteor that hit the human demon immediately, and the human demon was smashed into pieces on the spot, and the other human demon saw this scene , was terrified in his heart, and immediately turned into a black smoke and fled towards the distance. However, the golden talisman was even faster, and hit the human demon in the blink of an eye, turning it into a pile of minced meat on the spot.

After finishing off the two demons, the three of them searched around again, and after finding no trace of demons, they prepared to leave together. However, Li Sheng found several corpses, which should be ordinary people killed by demons. mortal. The three found two green round beads in the human-devil's body. According to Ouyang Zelin, this should be the birth of a magic core in the human-devil's body, which seems to be very useful for alchemy. But Li Sheng didn't care. But when Li Sheng was about to leave with Ouyang Zelin, a voice suddenly sounded.

Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Dong Ding Congratulations to the host for unlocking the achievement, eliminating demons and defending the way. Next, the host has a chance to draw the supreme lucky roulette, may I ask whether to use it.

Li Sheng immediately beamed with joy, haha, I'm about to get rich, Li Sheng was overjoyed. Immediately said: "Confirm use"

Next, a light curtain appeared, with a roulette on the light curtain, which read

The manufacturer of Shineway High-Tech Co., Ltd. produces the following items for the Deep Blue series system. These are the flagship treasures of the company. All hosts are welcome to use them.

Blue Moon Cauldron, this cauldron only needs to put in the medicinal materials needed to be refined, and immediately produce the elixir by itself. The level is limited to below the third-grade elixir.

Seven Star Dragon Yuan, the best of the Heaven-reaching Spirit Treasures, is so powerful that it can overturn mountains and seas.

Xuanlong Pill, the ultimate pill, can break through from the pill formation stage to the nascent soul stage after taking it. It can be said that this pill is the proud work of Zhou Yeshen.

The talisman Tun Tiansuo, this talisman can be used indefinitely, its power is comparable to a magic weapon, and it is tailor-made for monks below the alchemy stage. To miss is to be wrong.

When Li Sheng saw this, his shock changed from extremely shocking to extremely shocking. Only then did Li Sheng realize how short-sighted he was, and he was like a frog in a well. There are so many treasures, but I can only take away one of them, which is really a pity. After Li Sheng clicked OK, the pointer started to spin wildly. After a while, he pointed at Dun Tiansuo, and Li Sheng saw this scene with both regret and surprise.

On the open space in front of Li Sheng, a piece of talisman paper appeared in front of Li Sheng. Ouyang Zelin was taken aback by this sudden scene, and immediately said: "This is a talisman. Could it be that little brother is a child of the Xiuxian family? I thought Brother Li was just a casual cultivator who practiced spells hard, but it seems that he is still superficial."

Li Sheng laughed and said, "I bought this at a great price. Now I see that brother Ouyang also has it, so I didn't take it out and use it. I'm really sorry."

"Oh, so that's the case. If there is nothing else, this medium-grade magic weapon belongs to you." After finishing speaking, Ouyang Zelin took out a blue knife and said with a smile. After Li Sheng took the blue knife, he drove the moon white flying boat together with Zhou Hu and Ouyang Zelin and left here. When we returned to Tainan Valley, the sky was already bright, and a red sun was rising in the east, illuminating the land. Li Sheng also quickly returned to his residence. Li Sheng naturally knew that from today onwards, no one could play tricks in front of him. After all, his talisman was as powerful as a magic weapon, so he was below the foundation stage. Already an invincible existence, Li Sheng burst out laughing at the thought of this.

Time flies, and several years have passed in the blink of an eye. Li Sheng's combat power has also risen steadily, reaching the level of the thirteenth level of Qi training, and what should come will always come. Han Li also Having come to Tainan Valley, because of Tainan Xiaohui, the flow of people in Tainan Valley suddenly increased, and Li Sheng also looked at the passers-by in surprise.

At this moment, Wan Xiaoshan and Han Li were wandering together in Tainan Xiaohui. After Li Sheng found out the two of them, he was quite satisfied to see them, and found that Han Li's cultivation had reached the seventh level of Qi training. This did not surprise Li Sheng. When Li Sheng was following the two of them all the way, real Qingyan appeared in front of Li Sheng, talking to the two of them about something. At this time, the sky was already dark, but the square was brightly lit. In front of most of the stalls, there was a huge lamp, and the nearby roads were clearly visible. A large number of cultivators poured in. It has also become very lively here. There are some towering ancient trees around the square, shining brightly under the moonlight. The purpose of Li Sheng's trip was to rush to Tianwutai. After walking through the rugged mountain road for a while, Li Sheng finally arrived at Tianwutai. At this time, the Tianwutai Immortal Ascension Conference had already been held, and Li Sheng hurriedly squeezed through the crowd. Going to the arena where Zhe Yuezong was, Li Sheng waited beside an old man to sign up for the competition. After a big bald man was beaten and vomited blood, it was finally Li Sheng's turn to play.


		