

Li Sheng's Black Tiger Fist was so powerful that Wang Tiedan was directly sent flying. After regaining his senses, Wang Tiedan rushed towards Li Sheng in a rage, shouted loudly, and jumped into the air. With a kick towards Li Sheng, Li Sheng raised his Black Tiger Fist and hit Wang Tiedan on the sole of the foot. With a powerful blow, both of them retreated a few steps. Afterwards, the two of them exchanged fists and palms for dozens of strokes. Finally, with a shout from Li Sheng, Wang Tiedan's right arm was broken. Wang Tiedan howled miserably, and left here with the support of several younger brothers. Seeing that Wang Tiedan was repelled, Fatty Lu immediately happily invited Li Sheng to have lunch. Li Sheng also nodded in response, so the five turned around and entered the restaurant. Li Sheng drank a bottle of wine, drunk Said: "I am happy today, why don't you tell me a secret, that is, I will soon become a fairy, are you surprised?"

Big Fatty Lu immediately smiled and said: "Brother, you are really drunk and started talking nonsense, but Li is capable, you send Brother Li back to the Baijian Hall first, I still have some things to go first."

After saying that, Fatty Lu left here, leaving only Zhang Agou, Li Daben and an unknown junior.

Li Sheng drank very late before returning to Baijian Hall with everyone. Zhang Agou helped Li Sheng into his room and left in a hurry.

In the morning of the second day, Li Sheng quickly appeared at the door of his residence. In order to obtain Changchun Kung Fu from Han Li, Li Sheng went to the Martial Arts Pavilion and got a book of martial arts. It was nothing but the Blinking Eye Sword Art , After packing it with a parcel, he hurried back to his residence.

After spending a few months, Li Sheng made calculations and knew that Dr. Mo should not be in the Valley of God's Hands at this moment, so he set off for the Valley of God's Hands without hesitation. After arriving in the valley, Li Sheng yelled, and a young man responded. Doctor Mo was indeed not there, Li Sheng thought to himself.

Next, Li Sheng saw a young man with an ordinary face appear in front of him. Han Li looked Li Sheng carefully, and then said with a smile, "Doctor Mo is not here, what do you want?"

Li Sheng said with a smile: "I am very curious about your cultivation method. I want your cultivation method. I can give you a volume of exercise method in exchange." Li Sheng said frankly.

"Oh, this matter is not unnegotiable, but I want to see how your skills are, do you agree?"

"No problem, you can take it if you want to see it." Li Sheng readily agreed. After Han Li got the exercise, he looked it over carefully, and said happily, "I can give it to you, but you have to keep what happened today a secret. I don't want anyone else to know about it."

"You can rest assured about this, and I don't want anyone else to know about it. Of course, keeping it secret is the best choice." Li Sheng also agreed.

Next, Li Sheng left Shenshou Valley and came to a mountain stream. Li Sheng found a huge boulder and sat cross-legged on it. Li Sheng began to practice according to the formula of Changchun Gong. As expected, Li Sheng quickly sensed the various energies floating in this world. What Li Sheng practiced was wood-attribute skills, so the energy he absorbed was also wood-attribute energy.

After practicing for several weeks, Li Sheng successfully advanced to the first level of Qi training, which surprised Li Sheng. An air mass the size of a pigeon egg was also produced in his body, and as the practice progressed, it slowly rotated and increased with. After a few months, Li Sheng's cultivation base has also reached the terrifying seventh level of Qi training, and his cultivation speed can be said to be extremely shocking.

Li Sheng decided to leave here. After more than a month, Li Sheng came to Tainan Valley. Li Sheng, who knew about Tainan Valley, decided to settle down here. Li Sheng chose an empty flat land to build a small house. , to settle here temporarily, but unfortunately this open space is too empty, I am afraid that it cannot cover Li Sheng's existence. And if the mountain is not kept neatly, there will be fierce tigers.

Relying on his Tianpin Linggen talent, Li Sheng is naturally preparing to participate in the Immortal Ascension Conference, but the time has not come yet, and it is impossible to participate, so for the next time Li Sheng sat cross-legged in the small room and seriously Cultivation, of course, Li Sheng also plans to plan another thing, that is to make money to practice, but is this a way to make money? Li Sheng thought about it for a long time and decided to mine. Near a steep mountain range near Tainan Valley, a figure quietly appeared there. It was Li Sheng. At this moment, another group of people were gathering in front of a wooden house, as if they were waiting for something. From the fifth floor of Qi training to the tenth floor of Qi training, Li Sheng came to the wooden house and said to a middle-aged man, "Excuse me, big brother, is this the gathering place for the mine veins in Tainan Mountain?"

The middle-aged man said in a deep voice: "That's right, this place is the handover place, and the monthly spiritual stone reward is also here. I don't know if the little brother is here to find a job?"

"That's true. It's not easy for us to cultivate casually. We accept all methods to earn spirit stones. The younger brother is just here, and he is not familiar with everything here. What is the name of this elder brother?" Li Sheng asked a little Said nicely.

"My name is Zhang Xiaoqi, and I have been working here for two years. It is not easy to earn spirit stones here. You need to determine the monthly reward for spirit stones according to your own mining share. But in general, a month If you can earn less than 500 spirit stones, this is still a case of good luck. But if the little brother is interested in cooperating with us, it will be more convenient for us to mine together.”

Li Sheng asked again: "So that's the case. I really thank this big brother. As for the cooperation, what do you mean?"

Zhang Xiaoqi said with a gentle smile: "In order to facilitate mining, we established an organization called the Chopper Club. Our Chopper Club has been established for more than ten years now, and our president has already completed Qi training. , in addition to our machete club, there are actually dozens of gangs, large and small. Whoever has the biggest fist here is right. If you don’t want to be robbed of the Sunshine Ore by others, you should join our machete club. Your Excellency agrees How, I believe your Excellency is a wise man."

After thinking about it for a moment, Li Sheng decided to join the so-called Machete Club. After all, he was alone and had no popularity, so he would be easily attacked by others. Therefore, Li Sheng decided to join the Machete Club for his own safety.

Seeing Li Sheng agree to this, Zhang Xiaoqi immediately said excitedly: "Our gang has a gang leader who has reached the thirteenth level of Qi training, and two assistant gang leaders have reached the eleventh level of Qi training. There are five gangs in total. Ten members is not a small gang, our gang leader is called Sun Zhan, you have to remember."

Next, Li Sheng came to the leader in charge of the mining task, and only then did he know that the mineral resources of this mountain range belonged to the Bai family, a cultivating family. The Bai family belonged to a cultivating family in Lanzhou, but Li Sheng also knew that the Bai family There are more than a dozen foundation-building monks, which can be regarded as a big family. The Bai Family cultivator was named Bai Fengming, a Foundation Establishment cultivator. When Li Sheng saw this person, he didn't dare to neglect him, and hurriedly said, "I'm here to dig mines. Senior, please let me know."

Bai Fengming immediately said: "Tell me about your name, age, and cultivation base."

Li Sheng said solemnly: "My name is Li Sheng, I am seventeen years old, and I have cultivated to the seventh level of Qi training."

When Bai Fengming saw Li Sheng's answer, he was a little surprised and said: "Your talent is quite good to be able to cultivate to this level at such an age."

Li Sheng said: "Senior Miao praised, but junior dare not be."

Next, Li Sheng took an identity token, and after Bai Fengming registered the book, Li Sheng left the cabin. Before leaving, Bai Fengming said: "Don't forget to come here to get the spirit stone at the end of every month."

Li Sheng naturally did not dare to forget such an important matter.


		