

After Li Sheng worked continuously for several months, he received three hundred spirit stones. Li Sheng walked out of his cabin and came to Tainan Valley. Li Sheng went into a shop and bought what he needed most urgently, The complete collection of basic spells cost Li Sheng a hundred spirit stones to get it into his bag. Li Sheng then spent another two hundred spirit stones to buy a low-grade magic weapon, a small blue sword called Herring Sword. After doing something, Li Sheng left Tainan Valley, but on the way, Li Sheng encountered a group of robbers, a total of more than 20 people. The leader was a middle-aged man, with a ferocious face on his face, one could tell he was not someone to provoke, Li Sheng immediately manipulated his herring sword to cut off the leader's head in an instant, all the robbers fled. Fleeing, looking like a ghost. Li Sheng chuckled and put away his herring sword.

After returning to his residence, Li Sheng quickly took out the spell book and began to learn the above spells. However, there are many types of spells, such as fire bomb, ice cone, wind blade, ground stab, and wooden dummy. Among them, the wooden puppet technique attracted Li Sheng's attention the most. Li Sheng immediately began to practice this wooden puppet technique. It took a long time to practice. In the blink of an eye, a week passed, and Li Sheng's wooden puppet technique was successfully displayed. While chanting words, the seals in his hands kept changing. A vine rose from the ground and formed a wooden figure in a blink of an eye. Li Sheng's eyes showed satisfaction when he saw the two-meter-tall wooden figure. Li Sheng has already reached the stage of great success in this wooden puppet technique, and only the wooden puppet technique that has reached the Dacheng stage can reach a height of two meters. It is said that when this wooden puppet technique reaches the perfect state, it can simultaneously summon three two-meter-high ones. Wooden man, Li Sheng can cultivate to this level in just a week, if other people find out, his jaw will drop in shock. After all, it may take more than ten years for ordinary people to cultivate a spell to the stage of mastery.

In the next period of time, Li Sheng practiced other basic spells, and after confirming that he had mastered them proficiently, Li Sheng went to mine again.

In a dense forest, two groups of people are facing each other, which seems to be at war.

The one on the left is a middle-aged man. There are more than a dozen people standing behind him. Judging from his age, his clothes are quite different. His name is Han Feng, and he is a member of the Wild Fox Gang. Opposite them were members of the Machete Society, and not far from the two groups there was a elixir plant, which was a very precious black ginseng plant with a hundred years of age.

At this moment, Li Sheng is also on the side of the Machete Club. Li Sheng was the first to discover this herb, but the middle-aged man on the opposite side also discovered this elixir, so the two groups are not willing to use it for the current elixir. Give up, after all, this elixir is very valuable, and this elixir is also a well-known black ginseng in Yue country. This elixir can be refined to increase the chance of breaking through the alchemy stage. The partners will confront each other here.

Seeing the situation in front of him, Li Sheng knew that this matter could not be resolved, but he just didn't know what kind of struggle would happen. Next, Sun Chou, the deputy leader of the Machete Society, said with a gloomy face: "We, the Machete Society, discovered this elixir first, so this elixir belongs to us. You Wild Fox Gang should leave as soon as possible."

"Haha, it's ridiculous. This is not your family's. Of course, it's for those who see it. You don't need to talk about those useless things. We, the Wild Fox Gang, have decided to eat this elixir." The middle-aged man headed by the Wild Fox Gang Said.

"Why don't we agree on three games, two out of three games, the winner will get this elixir, what do you think?" Sun Chou said with a smile.

"Hahaha, I think this method is feasible, just follow what you said, but the two people in the battle must have the same cultivation base. I don't think our Wild Fox Gang will lose, so you have to keep your word." Han Feng said gloomyly said the face.

Next, Han Feng and Sun Chou chose an open space, and then Han Feng named a person, "Wu Yan, you go on stage, your cultivation has reached the eighth level of Qi training, I believe you will not let me down."

On Sun Chou's side, a person also walked out from the crowd, and he was also at the eighth level of Qi training stage. After the two saluted each other, Wu Yan shook her hand, and an ice cone formed in an instant, and rushed towards Li Huayuan who was opposite, and Li Huayuan did the same. Not afraid at all, as soon as Wu Yan raised her hand, a fireball appeared in her hand, collided with the ice cone, and both of them collapsed. Then Wu Yan raised her hand, and a small blue sword magic weapon appeared in the blink of an eye, heading towards Li Huayuan shot away.

Li Huayuan was not afraid at all. He raised his hand and a small shield appeared in front of his eyes, blocking the attack of the small sword. Seeing this scene, Wu Yan pinched the seal and spat out a mouthful of blood. The blood turned into a cloud of blood mist in midair, and finally slowly Slowing down into a blood arrow, Li Huayuan was extremely surprised when he saw this scene. This is a secret technique, and everyone present exclaimed. The so-called secret technique is a special attack method, and the secret technique is extremely precious, and it is also extremely difficult to practice. , Wu Yan in front of him actually succeeded in practicing such a secret technique, which made the people on the field sigh.

Seeing the blood arrow take shape, Li Huayuan quickly shouted in surprise: "I admit defeat, I am no match for Wu Daoyou's supernatural power in this match, and I am willing to bow down."

Next came two figures, but this time Sun Chou played in person, and after more than ten moves, he won the match.

Next, Li Sheng was called to the stage. When Li Sheng heard his name being called, he was extremely surprised. He raised his head and asked, "Boss, I may not be that good. I can't guarantee that I can win this match."

"Hey, haven't you mastered the art of the wooden man? Besides, your cultivation is only at the ninth level of Qi training. Now it's just right to be on stage. As long as you can win this competition, then I can give you five hundred spirit stones." as a reward."

Hearing that there is money to be made, Li Sheng immediately released his life and laughed loudly: "Don't worry, the leader, I only need a cup of tea, and I can capture the leader of the enemy alive."

Seeing Li Sheng's expression, Sun Chou smiled helplessly and said, "I hope so, but don't be careless."

Li Sheng nodded and went on stage. At this moment, a man walked out from the opposite side, a muscular young man all over his body. Seeing this scene, Li Sheng wondered in his heart, could this person be a body trainer? Why does he look like this?

The muscular young man cupped his hands and said, "My name is Yang Xiu. I don't know your surname, please give me your advice."

Li Sheng said with twinkling eyes: "My name is Li Sheng, a person who is about to defeat you, do you know now?"

"Your Excellency is really sharp-tongued, but I won't be afraid of you. Who will win and who will lose is still unknown." Seeing this scene, Yang Xiu said without any anger.

Li Sheng didn't talk nonsense, he pinched the seal, and began to mutter something, and then a vine grew out of the ground, and soon formed a wooden figure. Seeing this scene, the young man on the opposite side showed his expression of emotion for the first time.

With a stride towards Li Sheng, he shouted loudly, a long sword danced wildly, and his feet stomped on the ground, turning into a hurricane. As soon as Li Sheng changed the seal formula in his hand, the wooden man and Yang Xiu fought fiercely. Li Sheng is worthy of being a body trainer, and the fight with the wooden man was fierce, and it seemed that the winner was evenly divided. Seeing this scene, Li Sheng immediately manipulated the wooden man to deal with that Yang Xiu, while releasing a fireball technique, which annoyed the body training cultivator. After extinguishing a ball of fire, Yang Xiu finally exhausted herself , and fell to the ground unable to support himself, unconscious.

Everyone in the room was amazed at how powerful Li Sheng was, and how many people would never have dared to think of being able to practice a spell to a great degree. However, the young man in front of him who was only seventeen or eighteen years old did it.


		