

After Li Sheng and Li Huayuan looked at each other with a smile, they both showed satisfied expressions. Next, Li Sheng and Li Huayuan were about to leave the shop. At this time, the shop owner suddenly said: "The two fellow Taoists have great powers, and they can get such precious materials. , really convinced Wang, but I have a task here, if you two can complete it, I can give you a reward, here are two middle-grade magical artifacts, as long as the two fellow daoists can complete this task, The two things belong to the two of you, but this task is also dangerous, and besides the two of you, there are three other people who will also participate in this task. What do you agree."

Li Sheng immediately said: "Haha, if there is such a mission, of course I will participate. The shopkeeper just tell me the position."

Li Huayuan also agreed. The treasurer Wang immediately gave the two people a map, and said that as long as this task is completed, they can get rewards here. As for the task time, there are still two days left, and they will gather at the door of the store two days later.

For two days, Li Sheng had been working hard on his wooden dummy technique. Although he could summon two wooden dummy at the same time, he was still far away from three wooden dummy. So Li Sheng changed to the fire bomb technique, and the fire bomb The size of the bullet technique is already about the size of a washbasin. It can be said that Li Sheng's fire bomb technique has reached the stage of minor success, and its power has been fully improved compared to the original one.

Two days passed in a blink of an eye, Li Sheng came to Duobao Pavilion as agreed, at this moment Li Huayuan was sitting on a chair and drinking tea leisurely, without the slightest hint of worry. In addition to Li Huayuan, there are three other people who also occupy a position. Li Sheng took a closer look and found that there were two men and one woman, a middle-aged man with long hair, a thin young man, and a charming woman with a voluptuous figure.

Seeing this scene, Li Sheng immediately said a word to break the embarrassing situation: "Everyone is friendly, let me introduce myself, my name is Li Sheng, and I am a casual cultivator now."

The charming woman immediately continued: "My name is Su Ling'er, fellow Taoists, please give me some advice." The long-haired middle-aged man also said in a deep voice: "My name is Zhou Hu, and I am a direct disciple of the Zhou family in Qingzhou." The young man also hurriedly said: "My name is Zhang Xiaofan, and I am a casual cultivator from the land of Lanzhou." After several people introduced each other, they became silent.

Li Sheng is not a talkative person, so naturally he has nothing to say. Next, a middle-aged man in a Confucian robe walked in. As soon as the man saw a few people, he immediately said, "I am the leader of your mission. Team leader, you guys need to follow my command, otherwise it would not be a good thing to lose your life in vain."

Li Sheng immediately echoed: "It seems that this task is not easy, but it is worth it for a middle-grade magic weapon."

Li Huayuan immediately agreed, and after several people nodded in agreement, the middle-aged man waved his hand, and a white flying boat appeared in front of everyone. The man in the Confucian robe said with a smile: "My name is Ouyang Zelin, fellow Taoists, don't forget everything I said just now."

Then Ouyang Zelin activated the Yuebai Flying Boat, and several of them flew away together. This Ouyang Zelin's strength has also reached the thirteenth floor of the Qi training period, and he is only one step away from building a foundation. After flying for several hours, a group of people came to a mine for mining, which surprised several people. They did not expect to come to such a place, but the mine here belongs to the iron mine of mortals. It is not a vein dug by monks.

After a few people landed on the flying boat, they were all presumptuous. Looking around, they obviously couldn't believe that there were any monsters here. It is true that the mission of this group of people is to eradicate the monsters that endanger the people here. As for who the monsters are Appearance, according to what the miners saw said, this man's face is like an ape, his figure is no different from that of ordinary people, his ten fingers are like hooks, and they are extremely sharp. All the humans who were killed on the scene were taken out of their hearts by this man's man, and then ate them. It was bloody violence, and the people present were extremely frightened.

Li Sheng was sitting cross-legged in a mine, obviously waiting for something. After all, it is said that this monster only works at night, so it cannot be found during the day. And Li Sheng naturally knew that this human monster would definitely come to his door tonight. After all, the work here had been suspended for several days, and there was no food.

The surrounding scenery is quite harmonious. There are butterflies and bees passing among them, and there is a faint fragrance in the air. I don't know what kind of flowers and trees scatter it. Li Sheng is also serious.

When the stars hung high in the night sky, the surrounding air began to become much cooler. The bright moon was shining brightly, and there were mottled tree shadows on the ground. Li Sheng was not the only one who could see this beautiful scenery. Everyone present kept sighing about this world The beauty is truly astonishing.

However, a trace of instability suddenly appeared in the air around the people sitting cross-legged, and a bloody hand suddenly grabbed Li Sheng who was sitting cross-legged in the mine. The ten fingers were as sharp as a sickle, and looked terrifying. People, and the whole body of that figure was wrapped in black mist, making it difficult to see clearly.

After Li Sheng felt the foul wind, he quickly reacted. He slapped the storage bag, and the herring sword appeared in his hand, and stabbed straight at the blood claw without mercy. Due to the infusion of spiritual power on the blade, A trace of the sword light has begun to appear. It can be said that at this moment in the world, it seems that only the blood claw and the sword light exist, and everything else gradually disappears in the environment.

The sword light collided with the blood claw, and there was a sound of gold and iron clashing. Li Sheng also took this opportunity to step back quickly and distance himself from the blood shadow. After all, the power of the blood shadow was still in Li Sheng's expectation. outside. Only now did Li Sheng see the appearance of this demon. His whole body was blood-colored, his fingers were like hooks, his face looked like an ape, and his long red hair looked extremely ferocious.

The others were also shocked when they saw this monster. After seeing this scene, Ouyang Zelin, the leader, felt a sense of joy in his heart besides surprise, which really made other people unable to understand.

Then Ouyang Zelin snorted coldly, and said: "Fellow daoists, this thing is that human demon. Use whatever skills you have. After all, the body of this thing is as hard as a low-grade magic weapon. I'm afraid it will cost a lot of money." It takes effort to take him down."

Unexpectedly, as soon as the figure of the human demon changed at this moment, it suddenly disappeared from everyone's eyes, and then a scream came to everyone's ears. It was Su Ling'er, and a bowl-sized blood hole appeared on his chest. A bloody hand was grabbing the girl's heart and putting it into the mouth. All the people present were horrified. The speed of this human demon was so fast that he killed a person in an instant.

When the others saw this scene, they hurriedly took out talismans and stuck them on their bodies. Everyone was covered with a yellow shield, which made them feel relieved.

Then everyone took out their magic weapons, turned into a stream of light and rushed towards the bloody human demon. However, after these attacks fell on him, they did not have the slightest effect, which made everyone very disappointed. Li Sheng also performed the wooden man technique, and two tall wooden figures protected Li Sheng among them.

Ouyang Zelin took out a blue long knife and held it in his hand, while Zhou Hu next to him took out a gourd magic weapon, from which black mist continuously sprayed out, and the mist flew towards the monster. Finally, a thick layer of frost formed on its body surface. The bloody human demon rushed towards Ouyang Zelin with its fangs and claws, and Ouyang Zelin looked extremely fierce, slashing at the human demon with a long knife in his hand, and under the infusion of mana, the long knife was covered with a layer of white Flames, the white flames are burning fiercely. One can tell at a glance that this thing is not ordinary. When he got up, the human demon screamed, retreated violently, and disappeared into the dark night.

Ouyang Zelin rejoiced and said: "My White Flame Demon Saber is nothing but inflammable, this demon must have been reduced to ashes by now."


		