

The Immortal Ascension Conference lasted for dozens of days. During this period, Li Sheng fought several battles one after another, and naturally they all advanced smoothly in the end.

When the time came to January, Li Sheng looked at the huge mountain range in front of him and sighed. The pavilions and pavilions on it were scattered among them, which looked so beautiful. Under the leadership of Nangong Wan, Li Sheng went to Xingchen Pavilion. The so-called Xingchen Pavilion is to test the talents of his disciples Li Sheng knew that his talent far surpassed everyone else, and his face was full of pride. When a figure walked by a huge mirror, the mirror shone with golden light, then absorbed the reflected light, and finally appeared in the mirror. There was a line of small characters on it, and Li Sheng saw a thin young man flashing a line of small characters after being illuminated by the mirror: Sanlinggen, with ordinary aptitude. Because the spiritual roots of the previous few people are all four spiritual roots, the young man is full of pride.

After the youth, there was a girl in a blue dress. The talent tested by the girl was dual spiritual roots. Nangong Wan immediately showed satisfaction, walked up to the girl and said: "You are willing to be my disciple, I see your talent Yes, you will have a lot of resources as my disciple."

The girl immediately agreed, and the other peak masters who were present immediately showed dissatisfaction. Naturally, it is impossible to be too happy that a good seedling was snatched away like this. Among them, the peak master of Tianjian Peak said: "Girl Wan, you are not in compliance with the rules. The choice of which peak is always voluntary, and we have no right to interfere."

Nangong Wan said with a smile: "Isn't it because I am eager for love? After all, we have no newcomers in Shenjian Peak for a long time."

Then it was time for Li Sheng to test his talent. Li Sheng looked at the golden mirror uncomfortably, thinking to himself, he didn't know if his Heavenly Spiritual Root was real or not, and the leader was Master Leng Yue. She was looking at these new disciples solemnly, not knowing what she was thinking about.

When it was Li Sheng's turn, Li Sheng walked to the golden light mirror on the high platform, and soon the light mirror suddenly flashed a golden glow, illuminating the entire hall extremely brightly, and Master Leng Yue exclaimed in a somewhat awkward manner: "This is the Heavenly Spiritual Root. I didn't expect that I, the Moon Sect, would have such a blessing to recruit such a disciple."

At this moment, everyone's eyes were focused on Li Sheng. Obviously they couldn't believe what was happening before them, but the facts were in front of them, and there was no room for everyone to think about it. Mrs. Leng Yue said immediately: "Little friend, you are willing to worship me as your teacher. As the Supreme Elder of the Moon Sect, I have enough status and strength to accept you as an apprentice. Do you think it is okay?"

Li Sheng immediately said: "Master, please accept my disciple's worship." Li Sheng knelt down on the ground in a leisurely manner. Master Leng Yue clapped her palms and laughed loudly: "Haha, very good, your choice is right, and I will seriously guide you in cultivation. After all, you have such a talent, you should cultivate well. The future of the Moon Sect depends on you." Yes, dear boy, what's your name?"

"The disciple's name is Li Sheng," Li Sheng replied respectfully.

Mrs. Leng Yue praised Li Sheng again, then asked Li Sheng to come to him, looked him up and down, and said: "Your clothes are not suitable for your status, please go down and prepare a more luxurious one for you." robes. As for the face, it is still pretty, yes, you are very suitable to be my disciple."

Afterwards, Li Sheng exchanged some cultivation problems with Mrs. Leng Yue, and Mrs. Leng Yue took Li Sheng to a cave. It can be said that Master Leng Yue spent a lot of effort for Li Sheng, and even the cave also chose a place with the most spiritual energy.

Master Leng Yue's behavior also shocked the peak masters of all peaks. The dignified and cautious Elder Leng Yue actually smiled today, which also subverted their cognition. In order to conceal Yuezong, everyone really knows it, and everyone knows it.

Leng Yue also gave Li Sheng a talisman shield and a golden armor shield for self-defense. This can be said to be an extremely rare talisman. After all, the degree of cherishment of defensive talismans is extraordinary, and Li Sheng laughed for a long time triumphantly.

However, Li Sheng still has more important things to do, that is the system rewards. Li Sheng sat cross-legged on a futon, said where the system is, hurry up and make a bubble, and then a system interface will pop up After coming out, Li Sheng took a closer look and found that the interface that appeared was a bit strange.

System name, Deep Blue One

Host, Li Sheng

Reward, because the host did not complete the task within the specified time, so this time the reward was replaced with a red treasure chest.

The next check-in location, Scarlet Forbidden Land

Li Sheng saw the subtitles with some doubts, and said with some doubts: "What's the situation with the horse, why did you operate in violation of the regulations? It seems that you didn't clearly explain the time limit."

Li Sheng was full of confusion at the moment. The subtitles that appeared this time seemed to reveal a kind of weirdness. He really couldn't understand why this system had such a situation.

Soon Li Sheng didn't care about other things, and said loudly: "Open the red treasure chest." Then a brand new interface appeared in front of Li Sheng. An item appeared in front of Li Sheng. It was a treasure map. Li Sheng was a little surprised. Li Sheng checked this treasure map carefully and found that the location recorded on it was the depths of the Helian Mountains, a place full of monsters. There are mysterious restrictions in it. It is said that anyone who enters it will quickly age to death. Only some powerful treasures can protect the body from being restricted by the space there. As for the monsters that originally lived there, they are not subject to this restriction.

After pocketing the treasure map, Li Sheng began to cultivate his spiritual power, and then prepared to participate in the Scarlet Trial. After all, the Scarlet Forbidden Land is his next check-in location. I must participate.

In the following days, Li Sheng went to the Preaching Hall of the Moon Sect, and brought back a volume of exercises called Yuanmu Dafa. There are six levels in this method, which can be cultivated to the late stage of foundation establishment. The reason why he chose this technique is because Li Sheng needs to practice this technique for the next practice, which is much stronger than Changchun Kungfu. And it also comes with several secret techniques, namely the sword shadow splitting technique and the giant sword technique. Li Sheng is very interested in these two secret techniques. The only troublesome thing is that I don't have much time left.

When Li Sheng was thinking about how he would go about the bloody trial, a sound transmission talisman flew in front of Li Sheng. Li Sheng clicked the talisman unexpectedly, and a cyan spiritual power was transmitted to the talisman, and a voice came immediately: " Li Daoyou can have time to discuss with me, I heard that Daoyou is the body of Tianlinggen, I admire it very much, I want to exchange cultivation experience with Daoyou. We have formed a group, I hope you can give me face. "

After Li Sheng heard this, he was a little surprised, but Li Sheng still got up and prepared to meet this person. After Li Sheng withdrew from the state of cultivation, he turned around and came to the gate of the cave, and Li Sheng's cave was called Qingluo Cave. In Li Sheng's eyes, an extremely handsome figure was reflected in Li Sheng's eyes. It was a man in white with long hair. The young man with the crown has a beautiful face and is impeccable. Looking at Li Sheng at this moment, Li Sheng feels like he is in the spring breeze.

The young man's name was Fu Ziye, and there were a large number of men and women behind him, which made Li Sheng a little surprised. Some of the female disciples exclaimed after seeing Li Sheng: "Wow, this man looks very good-looking, and he really deserves to be a great genius with Tianpin Linggen." What Li Sheng didn't know was that he almost saw Li Sheng. At that moment, Li Sheng gained a large number of fans.

"Come on Li Daoyou, I'm very optimistic about you." A voice came from a distance, which immediately aroused everyone's surprise. What about Sheng's senior sister? Moreover, this woman has the body of a nightmare, and her charms can be said to be perfect.

Fu Ziye said with a chuckle: "Junior Brother Li is doing well these days, are you still used to the life of the Moon Sect? I can be your tour guide and show you around our Moon Sect."

Hearing this, Li Sheng said in a serious manner: "Thank you for your kindness, brother. I still don't plan to have any communication recently. I already have a general understanding of the Moon Sect."

In the end, at the kind invitation of Fu Ziye, Li Sheng followed him to visit the Moon Sect, and learned that the Moon Sect still has a list of heaven. It is the ranking of the strength of the disciples in the teacher's sect, but the strength is only limited to the foundation building period. Of course, in addition to the heaven list, there are also ground rankings. The ground list is the strength ranking limited to the foundation building period.


		