

Li Sheng walked quickly to the stage. Standing in front of him was a big man with a horse face, wearing a yellow robe. After Li Sheng came to the stage, he stared at Li Sheng with wide eyes, as if he wanted to make Li Sheng use his momentum. Sheng was submissive, of course, this is impossible, Li Sheng stared back without fear, saying that the strength of this horse-faced man is not weak, and he is already at the eleventh level of Qi training period. As soon as Li Sheng came to the stage, he began to mutter words, and the two wooden figures were summoned by him, and the big man with a horse face on the opposite side took out a blue long knife, and ran towards Li Sheng with the long knife in his hand. On the wooden dummy, the wooden dummy suddenly blazed. The long knife was a high-grade magical weapon, and coupled with attribute restraint, it could already cause a lot of damage to the wooden dummy.

Seeing the wooden figurine on fire, Li Sheng remained unmoved, and manipulated the wooden figurine to continue bombarding the horse-faced man. After a while, the horse-faced man was finally exhausted and could no longer support the next battle. So the horse-faced man took the initiative to admit defeat. That's how the competition came to an end. Li Sheng successfully passed the first round of competition.

The elder of the Moon Sect who is in charge of this event is Nangong Wan. Nangong Wan is dressed in white, and her figure is set off exquisitely. With her melon-seeded face, she can indeed look down on all the female monks present. Nangong Wan expressed satisfaction with Li Sheng's performance, and said to a middle-aged man next to him: "Mr. Ninety out of 10 people. I am more optimistic. I will directly recruit in a while, even if I don’t win the top ten positions, I will take it under my door.”

Although Xu Daoming was not used to Nangong Wan's arrogance at this moment, he did not dare to express the slightest dissatisfaction on his face, and hurriedly said: "What Uncle Nangong said is very true, and I am also very optimistic about this person. Recruited."

Then Xu Daoming walked to Li Sheng's side and said with a smile on his face: "Boy, you are lucky, you are favored by Master Nangong, and even if you fail, you will be recruited into my sect of the Moon Sect. "

Li Sheng naturally said yes, and quickly expressed his meaning: "What the senior said is very true, the junior will not let the senior down."

After passing the first competition, Li Sheng became a little complacent, and he didn't pay attention to the next opponent at all. Finally when it was time for Li Sheng to fight, a tall young man appeared in front of him. The man had sword eyebrows and star eyes, and was quite handsome.

Li Sheng glanced at it, and said indifferently: "Your strength is inferior to mine, you can admit defeat."

The young man on the opposite side said with a smile: "Haha, you are quite crazy, I will let you know your slip of the tongue, and you will pay a heavy price for your arrogance."

Li Sheng went straight to the point and performed the wooden man technique, and the two two-meter-tall wooden figures rushed towards the young man. The young man held a long sword and struck the wooden figure with a sword, and the wooden figure was cut in half immediately. Li Sheng exclaimed: "It's a top-grade magic weapon. It's really surprising that you have this thing. But if you think you can beat me like this, you should die."

Li Sheng took out a small blue knife from the storage bag, which was Li Sheng's magic weapon, the Green Scale Knife. Although this magic weapon was only a middle-grade magic weapon, Li Sheng was at the thirteenth level of the Qi training period. The young man is only at the eleventh level of qi training, so it is not easy to overwhelm Li Sheng. The two of them exchanged dozens of moves with swords and swords, and there is no winner. Then Li Sheng raised his hand, and a fireball shot towards the opposite side. When the young man saw the fireball the size of a washbasin, his heart trembled, and he immediately recited a spell, an ice pick formed in the blink of an eye, and shot towards the fireball Shooting away, the two collided with each other, and then both disappeared. Then Li Sheng raised his hand and a talisman appeared in his hand. It was the Fire Snake Talisman. The top existence in the world, once it is used, even the monks in the foundation period dare not underestimate it. Li Sheng seems to have seen his victory.

When the young man on the opposite side saw this scene, his mood suddenly fell into an ice cellar, but a talisman appeared in his hand, which was also a second-grade talisman, the Flame Sparrow Talisman. The two looked at each other and smiled, and they both put away the talisman. After all, the second-grade talisman is quite precious. A second-grade talisman may cost two thousand spirit stones. For those who are not wealthy, it may take several years to accumulate, so it is better not to use it.

After the two put away the talisman, the young man spat out a mouthful of blood, but the blood formed a red mist, and a red arrow slowly formed in it. Seeing this scene, Li Sheng knew that the young man opposite was Using a secret blood archery technique, Li Sheng didn't dare to be careless. He raised his hand in a hurry, and a flying shuttle appeared in front of him. Time is shining brightly, and a bunch of stars are spinning in the eyes of everyone. The blood arrow technique of the young man on the opposite side has also been successfully performed. The blood arrow shot at Li Sheng like an off-string arrow. Li Sheng urged the sky shuttle, and a golden beam of light shot towards the blood arrow. The blood arrow was melted by the golden beam of light in the blink of an eye, and the golden beam of light shot at the young man unabated. The young man was horrified, and it was too late to escape, but in the end the beam of light still brushed his arm and went away. His arm turned to dust under the beam of light. Just like that, the young man screamed and fell to the ground. The people present were all extremely surprised, and many people exclaimed: "This is a talisman, why is it so powerful, this person has this treasure, and he must be invincible during the Qi training period."

At this moment, Xu Daoming also looked at the talisman with extreme fear, and his eyes also showed an unbelievable look. He had seen the talisman before, but it was really unheard of that it was so powerful. Nangong Wan also showed a demented look. The power of this talisman is no longer inferior to his magic weapon Suzaku ring, but the power of this talisman should not be so powerful with the strength of the thirteenth level of Qi training period, after all, the amount of spiritual power of a monk has an impact on the use of magic weapons is huge. The almost fatal blow in front of her was nothing more than that even if she pushed it herself. She naturally didn't know that Li Sheng had such a magical existence as a system.

After Li Sheng received the treasure, he walked off the stage on his own. At this time, Xu Daoming also recovered from the shock, and said loudly: "Li Sheng won, and successfully advanced to the next competition."

After waiting for several hours, Li Sheng performed on stage again, but the people opposite saw Li Sheng urging the Sky Shuttle Talisman again, and resolutely gave up.

After Li Sheng stepped down from the stage, a young man with wicked eyebrows and mouse eyes came to Li Sheng. When he saw Li Sheng, the young man laughed and said: "The magic weapon of fellow Taoist is amazing, it is really eye-catching. I also admire it very much, but I am also We will definitely be promoted smoothly, and we will be brothers by then. My name is Gao Shichuan, so it's good for everyone to get to know each other."

Only then did Li Sheng say: "It turned out to be Fellow Daoist Gao. I was lucky to meet you. I relied on the talisman left by my elders to be a hero for a while. When the power of the talisman is exhausted, I am no different from Fellow Daoist." at."

"Haha, Fellow Daoist is too self-effacing. I am very optimistic about you. After all, you have the Dzogchen-level Mujutsu in your hands. As long as you are not restrained, few people can threaten you." Gao Shichuan smiled. said.

After Li Shengyu talked about his future plans, he stopped talking, but anyone could tell that the two seemed to have a friendship. This effect is exactly what Gao Shichuan needs.


		