

Li Sheng went into the pool with Zhao Wu and Yang Liuxiang. The water in the pool felt icy cold. Li Sheng sat cross-legged in the pool. The water was not deep, but only reached Li Sheng's neck. Absorbing the strange spiritual power in this pool of water, Li Sheng's own physical body is also constantly strengthening.

Li Sheng's eyes were closed tightly, his breathing was steady and powerful, and the ripples in the water pool reflected a little bit of strange light, which looked quite magical.

Li Sheng's chest rose and fell slightly, constantly absorbing the spiritual power in it, breathing very rhythmically, as the cultivation progressed, Li Sheng's hand seal formula kept changing, and a warm jade-like light glowed on his immature face, as if feeling Seeing that his physical body was constantly strengthening, the young man had a faint smile on his face.

Li Sheng maintained the best state of cultivation, and the milky white spiritual power entered into the body along the pores of Li Sheng's skin, warming the bones and washing the meridians.

A faint milky white mist condensed on Li Sheng's face, covering most of his face, making it difficult for people to see clearly, but he could feel a somewhat magical appearance.

At this moment, circles of spirit patterns have appeared on Li Sheng's body surface. These spirit patterns seem to contain the Dao of Heaven and Earth. Seeing Master Leng Yue and Master Ling Che are frightened,

"This is a sign of the sanctification of the body. I didn't expect to reach this level after just soaking for several hours. This child's cultivation talent can be called against the sky," Master Leng Yue said with some surprise.

The milky white spiritual liquid in the pool gradually became transparent with the passage of time. It was obvious that the spiritual energy in the pool had been exhausted. Li Sheng stood up, turned and left the pool, Zhao Wu and Yang Liuxiang were in normal condition. It's just that the strength of the physical body has changed. After seeing Li Sheng's physical body sanctified, he showed a monster-looking expression.

Li Sheng rubbed his nose, and was extremely surprised by what happened in front of him, he didn't know what to say for a while.

Mrs. Leng Yue said calmly: "Your physical body is already comparable to a low-grade magic weapon. It can be said that you are the person who has gained the most here. Sure enough, I did not misunderstand you. Your performance is still beyond my expectations. "
Chapter 12 of "The Mortal Self Signs to the Ancestor of Chengdao" Ming Wang Yinshui is being hit, please wait a moment,
After the content is updated, please refresh the page again to get the latest update!



		