

Li Sheng didn't know what was going on, he was still in class just now, when he turned his head, he suddenly appeared in a strange room. Looking at the surrounding walls, Li Sheng became a little dazed, and then a mass of memories flooded into his mind, and Li Sheng was surprised to realize that he had crossed over, and even crossed over to the world of Legend of Mortal Cultivation of Immortals. Li Sheng was completely stunned, However, when he thought of those immortals flying into the sky and fleeing from the ground, his eyes suddenly showed yearning, and Li Sheng felt that his opportunity had arrived. After all, Li Sheng was quite familiar with the progress of the plot.

The name of the person Li Sheng traveled through was also called Li Sheng, which is much more convenient, after all, the original name is still comfortable to use, Li Sheng is currently a disciple of Baijiantang, Li Sheng recalled his past experience, Suddenly, he began to think about how to survive in this world, and then Li Sheng thought of Han Li's little green bottle, so Li Sheng decided to go to the Valley of God's Hands, but in order to find an excuse, Li Sheng felt ruthless and picked up the bottle next to him. A knife cut a gash on his arm, and blood spurted out immediately. Li Sheng used a towel to wrap the wound, and then ran towards the Valley of Gods Hands, passing through a forest, along a curved road. On the winding path, there are many small red flowers blooming on the path, which look extremely gorgeous. Li Sheng was a senior gaming nerd in his previous life. When he saw these beautiful flowers, his heart seemed to be filled with this beauty, and he felt extremely comfortable. After half a stick of incense, Li Sheng came to the Valley of God's Hands. There are many kinds of herbs planted in the Valley of God's Hands. Knocking on the door with his right hand, he said loudly, "Is Doctor Mo at home? I came to see you for medical treatment. I am seriously injured and need to be treated as soon as possible."

"Ahem, cough, I'm here, please come in." An old voice came from inside.

Li Sheng was overjoyed immediately, opened the door and walked in, only to see an old man with white hair holding a book in his hand and reading it carefully, on which there was impressively written the Longevity Sutra.

Doctor Mo saw Li Sheng walking in, immediately got up and walked over. After seeing Li Sheng's injury clearly, he immediately asked, "What's going on with you, how did you get injured?"

Li Sheng immediately stated that he was injured in a fight with his fellow disciples.

Hearing this, Doctor Mo immediately went back to the back room, took out a bottle of Jinchuang medicine, and applied it on Li Sheng. Li Sheng naturally said words of gratitude.

"The sign-in is successful, the system binding is successful, and it can serve the host. The host has a chance to choose the lucky wheel, whether to start it or not."

While Li Sheng was applying the medicine, a voice suddenly sounded. When this voice sounded, Li Sheng was startled. Li Sheng also realized a problem, that is, he seemed to be bound to the system, which surprised Li Sheng, and Li Sheng laughed wildly in his heart: "God bless, I'm finally going to prosper."

Then Li Sheng left Shenshou Valley and came to a mountain stream. There was a waterfall not far away. Li Sheng sat on a smooth boulder and started calling the system. Sure enough, a property panel appeared in front of Li Sheng.

Name, Li Sheng

System name, Deep Blue One

grade, no

Sign-in reward, lucky roulette a chance

The next check-in location, Zheyuezong

The attribute panel in front of Li Sheng really surprised Li Sheng. He didn't expect it to be so detailed, which made Li Sheng extremely happy. However, after seeing the next check-in location, he was slightly taken aback, and then smiled: " I didn't expect that the place to sign in next time would be the Concealing Moon Sect. This is a big trouble. After all, if you want to enter the Concealing Moon Sect, you must get an Immortal Ascension Token in addition to your excellent talent. To obtain the Immortal Ascension Token, only Master Jin Guang has one, but it is the Token of Immortal Ascension from Huangfeng Valley, and the place I want to sign in is the Moon Sect. But I don’t even have the strength of the first level of Qi training, how can I get the Token of Immortal Ascension.”

Next, Li Sheng thought of something, the lucky roulette, yes, there is still a chance, Li Sheng immediately said silently in his heart: "Lucky roulette, open the interface".

Following Li Sheng's silent recitation, a brand-new interface appeared in front of Li Sheng, and he saw a line of small characters written under the roulette, drawing the lucky roulette for the first time, unlocking achievements, all wishes come true, special reward Supreme Lucky Wheel After one round, Li Sheng carefully checked the small characters on the roulette. Immediately, Li Sheng felt that his heart was hit by 10,000 critical points. The roulette read impressively:

Reward Tianpin Wood Spirit Root

Lingbao: Baxuanchi

Spirit Treasure: Binding Xiansuo

A bottle of Nascent Soul Breakthrough Pill

The ultimate exercise "Golden Dragon King Physical Training"

Facing this supreme lucky roulette, Li Sheng couldn't believe everything in front of him. This reward can be called the strongest. No matter any of the rewards are extremely precious, Li Sheng didn't say much, and he was full of excitement. With his index finger, he clicked on the roulette, and the pointer on the roulette turned rapidly, and stopped after a while. Li Sheng only felt a tremor all over his body. In an instant, the pointer pointed to Tianpin Mulinggen . Li Sheng felt a burst of coolness in his dantian, and an indescribable feeling flowed through his body. Li Sheng felt as if he had merged into this world. This feeling was extremely wonderful.

Li Sheng suppressed the surprise in his heart, and decided to go to the Valley of Gods Hands, because although he had the Heavenly Spiritual Root, he still needed to practice the exercises, otherwise everything would be a joke. Li Sheng did not hide his enthusiasm for Changchun Gong .

Soon Li Sheng came to God's Hand Valley, but it was a pity that Doctor Mo was still there, so Li Sheng decided to wait for Doctor Mo to leave God's Hand Valley before going to Han Li to inquire about Changchun Gong.

After Li Sheng returned to his residence, a man came to Li Sheng immediately. He was a junior from Baijiantang. The junior said that his men met with members of the Wild Wolf Gang and immediately started fighting. to help out.

In desperation, Li Sheng had no choice but to bite the bullet and rush to help out. After driving for half an hour, Li Sheng came to Qingniu Town and saw two groups of people in front of a restaurant. The one on the left was five or six people. Wearing a black outfit, with a ferocious expression on his face, one can tell at a glance that he is not someone to be trifled with.

On the right are three young people. Li Sheng happens to know all of them. The fat man at the top is Lu Dapang, and the two on the two sides are Zhang Agou and Li Dabenji respectively. Seeing this scene, Li Sheng immediately understood . Li Sheng strode over, seeming to be surprised by Li Sheng's arrival. The two groups looked at Li Sheng, and Li Sheng immediately said, "What's the matter? It's so lively, how about I come and intervene."

The middle-aged man headed on the left said with a ruthless face: "Yo, so it's Li Sheng, do you want to get involved too? I remember very clearly last time, you seem to have lost to Zhao Laoshi, and now you still have a chance Dare to be my enemy."

"Hey, I really can't beat Zhao Laoshi, but I don't pay attention to what you say." Li Sheng smiled kindly.

"Hey, let's have a fight, I really want to know what skills you have."

"Brother Li doesn't need to fight. I can deal with this person. If I fight with this person, Brother Li will lose his identity," Big Fatty Lu said bluntly.

Li Sheng was quite calm, and then said with a smile: "My Black Tiger Fist is already small, let me do it, I believe I can beat the crap out of him."

Fatty Lu immediately said with some surprise: "When did it happen that you have already mastered the Black Tiger Fist to a minimum, then you can indeed be invincible."

Then Li Sheng confronted the leading man in black, and the man in black also reported his name, "My name is Wang Tiedan, boy, I will let you know what it means to be untouchable by a tiger's butt, you will definitely lose to mine."

Then the two fought together, Li Sheng punched Wang Tiedan on the shoulder, Wang Tiedan dodged the punch, kicked Li Sheng with his right foot sideways, Li Sheng used the Black Tiger Fist, the fist With a dark light shining on his face, he punched Wang Tiedan's right foot


		