

Yuan Yutang encountered an unprecedented crisis.

The one-yuan heavy water is so heavy that it not only greatly restricts his movements, but also puts heavy pressure on him all the time. Every time he moves, he needs to expend ten times more energy than usual, which also causes his physical energy to be exhausted at a rapid rate.

But the water tiger in the Great Demon Realm seemed not to be affected by the pressure of the one-yuan heavy water, and was very flexible and flexible like a fish in water.

Moreover, Yuan Yutang also discovered that, as if this was its natural home field, its strength had been slightly increased.

boom!

Just after repelling the water tiger, the next moment it went back and forth like a cannonball, hitting his chest ferociously.

Under the heavy blow, Yuan Yutang let out a whimper, and several traces of blood flowed from his mouth and nose, and immediately he flew several tens of feet away in a whirl.

The impact and the heavy water hindered him, and he was injured more and more immediately.

From the appearance of the water tiger to the present, it seems to be cumbersome, but it is actually only a few moments.

Even if the battle was brief, he was already cornered.

I can't delay any longer, I need to fight to the death!

Otherwise, in such a harsh environment, sooner or later he would be consumed to death!

With a decision, Yuan Yutang immediately mobilized all his mana.

what! !

After a silent roar, a huge force suddenly burst out from his body.

Shuihu intends to repeat the same tricks, hitting consecutively like a blunt knife cutting flesh, but this time Yuan Yutang finally catches up with its speed, and hits Shuihu for the first time with an awe-inspiring punch.

Thirty-six supernatural powers of Tiangang—the power to subdue dragons and subdue tigers! !

Unleashing the explosive magical power of subduing the dragon and subduing the tiger, Yuan Yutang finally offset the severe restrictions brought about by the harsh environment.

Just blowing the water tiger away with one punch seems to have regained the initiative, but his situation is still not optimistic.

Because this weird water tiger is a real big monster, and the strength gap between them cannot be bridged immediately.

The water tiger that was blown away rolled continuously in the pitch-black water, and quickly counteracted the impact, and the punch that exploded in vain did not cause too much damage.

That pair of cold red pupils without emotion stared straight at Yuan Yutang through the water curtain, without losing any momentum.

Until now, Yuan Yutang has not figured out the real purpose behind Shuihu's mystification, but it does not prevent him from working hard.

Either he dies, or the water tiger dies, there is no third way to choose!

This death fight that took place in the unknown abyss is destined not to be known to outsiders.

After a brief stalemate, the real decisive battle is about to be staged!


At the same time, to the east of Caotang Village.

Thunder rumbled, electric arcs flew wildly, and half of the sky was dyed red.

Yan Chixia supported her burly body with the Xuanyuan Sword, panting and staring at the big pit not far away where the dust and smoke had not cleared.

Unleashing dozens of scarlet flames and blood thunders in one breath is equivalent to lighting up all the mana in an instant, even if he is profound, it is difficult to continue.

Before Xinli recovers, he will inevitably be in a short period of weakness.

Fortunately, the effect of the desperate fight is very ideal.

That thin figure with the supernatural power of shifting stars and changing battles could not resist his simple and crude strategy of using force to defeat cleverness, and was turned into powder under the astonishingly powerful red flame and blood thunder.

The dust and smoke dissipated, Yan Chixia couldn't help sighing as she looked at the big pit that was three or four feet deep.

There is really no solution to the magical power of changing stars and changing battles. If he, Lao Yan, has two brushes, I am afraid that the ship will capsize in the gutter.

Just when he thought the crisis was over.

Suddenly!

An indescribably terrifying aura suddenly rose and pierced into the sky.

Yan Chixia was caught off guard by the terrifying aura that hit the altar, and she lost her mind for a moment.

In a daze, he seemed to see a huge monster with eight human faces and a tiger body with ten tails soaring into the sky.

The surroundings shattered like a curtain of water.

The next moment, he lost interest due to short-term overload.

"Old Yan, wake up, don't sleep!!"

In the haze, Yan Chixia seemed to hear someone shouting anxiously in her ear.

Opening his eyes slowly, he saw Li Chunyi, who was covered in blood, shaking himself vigorously in front of him.

"Why, what's the matter?" Yan Chixia asked in a daze.

Seeing that Yan Chixia finally woke up, Li Chun was overjoyed, and said anxiously, "What's the matter, my ass is burned! Something serious happened, did you see the vision before you fell into a coma?"

For a moment, Yan Chixia fell into memory, and then jumped up from the ground suddenly, roaring with lingering fear.

"You also saw that monster vision?"

Li Chunyi smiled wryly and nodded, "Eight human faces, ten tiger tails..."

After a pause, the two shouted in panic at the same time:

"This girl is clearly the legendary murderer—Tian Wu!"

There is a cloud in the "Da Huang Jing": In the valley of the rising sun, the god is called Tianwu, who is the uncle of Shui, and is in the north of the north. It is a beast, with eight human faces, eight legs and ten tails, all green and yellow!

Tian Wu was a great villain who was revered as a god in ancient times. After disappearing for thousands of years, he is about to reappear in the world?

Knowing this shocking news, even Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi's firm Dao Xin couldn't help being shocked.

If such ancient evils are allowed to reappear in the world, will all living beings be spared?

Is the end of the world coming soon?

However, just when the two of them were feeling desperate, a pillar of pure white light suddenly rose not far away, piercing through the sky and the earth in an instant.


Back in time earlier, Chen Changsheng was suddenly attacked by a drowned ghost in the ancestral hall, and was knocked down by the sneak attack when he didn't notice it for a while.

"Whimper~"

Falling head-on to the ground, I couldn't help feeling dizzy with pain.

But before Chen Changsheng could struggle to get up, those ghostly hands that appeared out of nowhere attacked crazily, pinning him tightly and immobilizing him.

The already sore mouth and nose were blocked by the icy ground, and Chen Changsheng suddenly felt suffocated.

"Brother, come and play with me, I'm so cold in the water, come on, come and play with me~"

The soul-stirring ghostly ravings came into his mind in vain, and Chen Changsheng, who had been struggling endlessly, froze suddenly, and his consciousness became blurred for a moment.

"Hahaha, yes, that's it, don't struggle, we can have fun together soon~"

Horror and shrill ghost laughter echoed wildly in the ancestral hall, and then countless pale ghost hands appeared on the walls and roof in all directions, and thick dark red liquid flowed from the gaps.

In an instant, the ancestral hall is like a water-filled sealed pool, which gradually becomes a pool.

Lan Xi had long been overwhelmed and fainted.

It's just that for some reason, soft white light like mist overflowed from her body inexplicably, covering her. When the white light passed by, no matter it was the ghost hand or the flowing dark red liquid, they retreated three feet away.

With the protection of that white light, Lanxi's life is not in danger for the time being.

But Chen Changsheng half-stepped into the gate of hell.

The suffocation caused the blood supply to the brain to slow down, and the life-sucking ghostly talk eroded his sanity all the time, and the dark red water level was about to cover his whole body.

Could it be...

Are you going to die?

In order to seek longevity and learn immortal arts, I have put in countless efforts and suffered countless hardships, and I can't even be a filial piety in front of my mother's bed...

Is everything doomed to be in vain?

Do not!

I don't agree!

Chen Changsheng's last bit of clarity let out a cry of unwillingness.

At the beginning, it was like a candle in the wind, inaudible, but in the next moment, it miraculously grew to the point where it was like a river and sea, deafening.

What ghost hand imprisoned...

What life-sucking ghost...

What despair...

Get the hell out of here!

Suddenly!

A raging flame exploded like snowflakes, and sparks were born endlessly, just like Chen Changsheng's unyielding will, instantly turning into a prairie fire.

"Wow~"

There was a mournful roar in the void.

As soon as the Endless Ghost Hand touched sparks, it was like snow under the scorching sun, and a large area was instantly burned and emptied.

The dark red viscous liquid was boiled and evaporated.

Chen Changsheng was wrapped in crimson flames, and slowly rose up from the ground, like the incarnation of the god of fire.

"Devil, downcast!"

While drinking violently, Chen Changsheng squeezed the Jue with his hands and recited the mantra with awe-inspiring awe.

"The Code of Lihuo Burning Heaven - Heavenly Fire Burning Evil!"

I saw a flash of fire, and the hellish horror around me suddenly melted away, and instantly disappeared.

"Ah~"

There was a mournful roar in the void, followed by a little bit of ashes scattered with the wind.

After a moment of silence, the raging fire surrounding Chen Changsheng's body was suddenly extinguished, and he fell to the ground sluggishly.

"Quack...ha, hahaha!!"

Chen Changsheng gasped for a moment, then looked up to the sky and laughed in vain. Although his body was weak and he was about to faint, his spirit was extremely excited.

Because this is the first time he has used the secret method of the master's family "Li Huo Burning the Sky Code" against the enemy, and he won the first battle, successfully beheading the evil spirits.

With such a victory, how can we not express our excitement with a long smile?

If he guessed correctly, the ghost he beat to death just now should be Zhou Xiaoniu's ghost.

Although he also sympathizes with Zhou Xiaoniu's experience, but there is no balance between good and evil, even if it happens a hundred times, he will still choose to kill ghosts and evil.

After resting for a while, he suppressed his ecstasy, forced his weak body to come to the sleeping Lan Xi, and prepared to help her up.

Just as he stretched out his hand, suddenly a pure white jade hand wrapped around his wrist like lightning.

Chen Changsheng was startled, and when he raised his head, he met a pair of cold vertical pupils.

Those vertical pupils were like ten thousand years of ice, just looking at each other, almost froze his soul, and he felt overwhelmed instantly.

Such a domineering pair of eyes actually came from the silly Baitian Lanxi?

"What do you want to do?"

It was as if Lan Xi had changed. Although his appearance hadn't changed, Chen Changsheng was really surprised by the icy aura emanating from the inside out that no strangers should enter.

And he questioned him sternly, as if he didn't know himself.

Lanxi like this is really scary.

Shocked, Chen Changsheng instinctively wanted to explain.

"I……"

It's a pity that Lan Xi interrupted him roughly after he said a single word.

Seeing Lan Xi seemed to have discovered something, she raised her head and shouted coldly:

"Here is the aura of Tian Wu? Hmph, the centipede is dead but not stiff, how can I allow you to get out of trouble!"

Chen Changsheng shivered violently. Before he could speak, he was dazzled by the bright white light, and couldn't help covering his face and screaming.

"Tian Wu, wait, I'm coming!"


Not far away, Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi played with the white beam of light soaring into the sky dumbfounded, and couldn't help saying a name at the same time:

"Nine, nine-tailed sky fox??"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 30 Prehistoric fierce Tian Wu free to read.




		