

As dusk approached, the wind and snow were blowing again, whistling and icy.

Needle dropping can be heard in the hall of the county yamen, and it is eerily quiet.

After Yuan Yutang and the sloppy old man listened to Lin Xianzun's narration of the case, their faces were extremely solemn.

Especially the sloppy old man, who is used to traveling all over the world, he is well-informed and has a certain understanding of all kinds of monsters and ghosts.

That's why he was so cautious.

After pondering for a moment, the sloppy old man took the initiative to break the silence, and said in a deep voice, "Master Xian, you are not a practitioner, so you may not know something. In fact, there are two types of ghosts in the legends."

"The so-called human being is the end of ghosts, and ghosts are the beginning of human beings. The relationship between human beings and ghosts is a relationship of transformation... Incorporeal is a soul, which eats souls to nourish itself by harming people's lives; a body is a nightmare, and likes to eat flesh and blood. Ferocious, with bones everywhere."

"There is an old saying among warlocks: It is better to meet ten ghosts than one nightmare!"

"According to what you said, Pindao can be 100% sure that the perpetrators here must be the ghosts of ghosts with bodies. It's fierce, terrible!"

When Lin Xianzun heard this, he was so frightened that he fell to the ground, his eyes trembled in horror and said, "Then, what should I do? The evil spirits have caused disasters in the town, and the people under the rule are in constant panic. This official is heartbroken. ~"

After saying that, he clasped his hands and begged, "I implore the Daeshen Master to be merciful and take action to kill this Liao! This official and the people of the whole county will definitely erect a Longevity Temple for the Daeshen Master and worship it forever!"

Yuan Yutang listened quietly.

As far as he is concerned, the people of Gu County are neither relatives nor relatives, and he is only a half-year-old now, so there is no need to take this muddy water.

But on the other hand, he was very curious about the real situation of Taoist priests exorcising ghosts and killing demons, and even involuntarily diverted his thinking, thinking of that magical ancient book.

What if assisting the old way to exorcise ghosts and evil spirits can also have merit?

Although he didn't know what the merits recorded in the book were for, his instinct told him that this thing must have infinite uses, and the more the better, the better.

Yuan Yutang, who was in a conflicted mood, looked inexplicably at the sloppy old man who was silent, vaguely expecting his final answer.

The sloppy old man's expression was cloudy and indistinguishable, he stroked his beard and pondered.

Seeing that the old Taoist hadn't given an answer for so long, Lin Xianzun gritted his teeth secretly, and knelt down in front of the old Taoist's seat with a puff, and said, "Please be merciful to the master, please save me Guxian County More than a thousand innocent people~”

The sloppy old Taoist woke up suddenly, hurried forward to help, and said in a panic, "Xianzun, Mr. Xianzun, why are you here?"

Unexpectedly, Lin Xianzun seemed like a bully who had eaten the weight, and refused to get up as determined, and burst into tears, "If the real person refuses to agree, instead of watching the people die in the belly of ghosts, I might as well kneel to death!"

Yuan Yutang's head was full of black lines. He didn't expect that the ancient officials would be so virtuous. This kind of mischievous behavior is no less than that of a rascal in the market. How can they have the backbone of a scholar?

The slovenly old man also had a bitter expression on his face, and he couldn't afford to support the obese Xianzun Lin for a while, so he had no choice but to nod and promise, "Okay, okay, the poor man promised, even if he gave up this hundred catties, he would be fine. To get rid of the troublesome ghosts, the county lord can get up, right?"

Lin Xianzun was finally willing to get up when he heard the words, and smiled through his tears, "The Master Master understands righteousness, and on behalf of all the people in Gu County, I thank the Master Master."

Although Lin Xianzun was respectful from beginning to end, Yuan Yutang, who was watching coldly, still saw the sly light flickering in his eyes from time to time, which was obviously the lifeline of Lao Daokou's hard heart and soft heart.

As expected of a parent official in charge of a county's affairs, Yuan Yutang's vision is really vicious, and people's hearts are well controlled, which opened Yuan Yutang's eyes.

After exchanging a few pleasantries, the night was getting dark and the wind and snow were getting stronger, so it was inconvenient to do business at this time, so Lin Xianzun politely invited Yuan Yutang and Yuan Yutang to the county government office to rest, and threatened to bring someone to help the sloppy in the morning Old way exorcising ghosts.

When the sloppy old man came to the passenger compartment, his face became pale, and he walked around the room smoking a cigarette like he was in a hurry.

Yuan Yutang looked amused, and couldn't help but tease him, "Why is the Taoist priest so worried? If you really don't have the strength to do it, you can tell me directly tomorrow, and don't go into this muddy water."

"You know what a fart!" The sloppy old man jumped up like a cat whose tail was stepped on, and shouted excitedly, "That's a ghost, is it a character that can be easily dealt with? And Fang Wai People are most afraid of karma, the so-called gods who hold their heads up three feet, Taoists can’t make promises casually! If the Taoist master breaks his promise and is entangled in karma, I might choke to death if I drink cold water!”

"It's over, it's over, why can't we control our mouth? Without the diamond, why do we take on this porcelain work? It's over~" The sloppy old man is like a concubine, and the mellow and attractive tobacco in the past is full of bitterness.

Realizing the seriousness of the matter, Yuan Yutang asked hastily, "According to what you said, wouldn't it mean that you are going to jump into the fire if you have to bite the bullet?"

"Did you know now? I said that you were just watching the show by the side and didn't remind me a few words. It's all your fault!" The sloppy old man gave Yuan Yutang a blank look, and cursed indignantly.

Yuan Yutang was speechless.

After walking for a long time, the sloppy old man withered away like a discouraged ball, and said to himself with a mournful face, "Forget it, I deserve to be a Taoist, I deserve this fate..."

"Yutang child, you only know that there are only two people under my sect, so do you know why Zhu Shanzong is so poor?" The sloppy old man suddenly asked.

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, shook his head and said, "I don't know."

The sloppy old man sighed quietly, took off the wine gourd and took a sip, his eyes were mournful and he said:

"My elder brother, who reached the realm of a real person in his early thirties, has a bright future and is recognized as the next heir to the head of the sect. Later, he went to the Hejian Road to quell the disaster of the snake demon, but was killed by the big demon. The snake spirit swallowed it in one gulp, leaving not even a single bone left, and was ridiculed by his colleagues afterwards for being overwhelmed..."

"Second senior brother is proficient in ingenuity, and the magic weapon he made is ingenious, so what? In the end, he was attacked by bandits and pierced by thousands of arrows..."

"My master and his old man are even worse. He has practiced in the mountains for too long, and he has forgotten the filth of the mundane world. It is rare to go out of the mountains, but because he can't understand the dandy who robs a good woman in the street and punishes him, he was dispatched by the dandy as soon as he left the city. Turned into meat paste..."

"Little brother is determined to avenge his master, and he resolutely went down the mountain despite my dissuasion. As a result, there has been no news so far, and it is uncertain whether he is dead or alive..."

"Among the many senior brothers, I am mediocre and timid, and I dare not even avenge my master's blood and blood, but so what? Am I the only one left who is still alive and kicking?"

"I should hate this unfair world, but those dead ghosts often dream about it, yelling that they don't regret it? I lost my life, how can I not regret it?"

"Warlocks often talk about doing justice for the sky, but they don't know that the world is already dying of illness... Everyone in the world knows that demons are cruel, but they don't know that people's hearts are sometimes a hundred times more dangerous than demons... I will sacrifice my life to protect the common people. Is it worth it?"

Du Kang entered his throat, worrying more and more.

The slovenly old man became drunk after only a few sips. It seemed that the backlog of negative emotions in his heart exploded at once, crying and cursing from time to time, and fell asleep on the table after a while.

Yuan Yutang got up, took the quilt, covered the sloppy old man, and stared at the heavy snowflakes flying all over the sky outside the window, speechless for a long time.


There was nothing to say all night, and early the next morning, Lin Xianzun brought ten yamen servants to arrest the head.

The sloppy old man woke up as if nothing had happened, as if he wasn't the one who lost control of his emotions last night, and Yuan Yutang had been waiting in the room for a long time, and immediately cupped his hands and said, "Excuse me, Mr. County Lord, to lead the way."

Lin County Zunsurong replied, "I dare not pretend to be your excuse, please, Master Master!"

Immediately, a group of people set off to investigate clues to the Zhang family at the first crime scene.

The Zhang family is located in the north of the county seat. The neighbors along the way saw the county magistrate coming to the door, and they all stopped their work and watched the excitement.

The person who opened the door was a white-haired old man with a miserable face, who looked like he was dying.

This person is exactly the white-haired man sending the black-haired man's bitter advocate Rongsheng.

The slovenly old man in the crowd stood outside the door with an extremely dignified expression. He took out a piece of white paper from his arms, folded it several times, and formed a lifelike paper crane.

The sloppy old man carried the paper crane with two fingers and entered the backyard first.

Although the Zhang family has a lot of money, their residence is just an ordinary two-entry tile house. The second wing room was newly built when the son became an adult. After entering the house, there is a small courtyard with a gallows for killing pigs, a wooden basin, and an iron pot for boiling water. and other tools.

It seems that because of the long-term killing, there is an extremely unpleasant stench in the yard. Everyone who is new here is almost suffocated by the smoke.

The sloppy old man twitched his nostrils, then frowned and said, "It's such a strong ghost aura, after so many days, there is still a lingering smell, this ghost must be extremely vicious!"

After finishing speaking, the sloppy old man squeezed the formula with his hands and slapped the gourd on his waist.

Then a miraculous scene appeared.

I saw the gourd jumping up from the waist of the sloppy old man as if alive, rolling in the air, suddenly the mouth of the gourd was bright red, and a blazing red dragon sprang out from it.

"Wow~"

"Mother, come and see Shenlong~"

"The gods have descended to earth~"

Whether it was the public in the courtyard or the neighbors watching the excitement outside the door, they were all shocked from ear to ear.

The slovenly old Taoist looked solemn, with an awe-inspiring aura without anger. He quickly recited a spell in his mouth, stretched his hand forward like a sword finger, and shouted violently with rounded eyes, "Hurry up like Lihuo Zhenjun's law, break the evil!"

Before the words were finished, the Hovering Red Dragon received the order, let out a clear and long moan, and swam around the yard at top speed, suddenly dispersing into dots of fluorescent light.

Wherever the fluorescent light falls, there are wisps of black smoke rising.

It was amazing to say that after the inexplicable black smoke evaporated, the smoky stench in the yard quickly subsided.

After the gourd that was stagnant in the air completed its mission, it slowly fell into the hands of the sloppy old man.

This miraculous method shocked everyone.

After re-tying the gourd, the sloppy old Taoist explained, "Humans and ghosts have different paths, and ghosts will leave ghost aura wherever they go. If a stranger has heard of bad luck for a long time, it will cause serious illness at least, and death at worst. If you don’t take action to purify the ghost energy here, I’m afraid that there will be no humans or animals within a radius of several tens of feet in the future.”

Everyone was relieved, worshiped with their eyes, and called out living gods.

The sloppy old man just took a bite, stroked his beard and squinted his eyes, feeling very unhappy.


		