

Since ancient times, Shaozhou has such a description, "If there is a paradise in the world, Shaozhou must be in it. If heaven is in the sky, Shaozhou will be as famous as it." Therefore, Shaozhou has always been known as a paradise on earth for thousands of years.

The scenery in Shaozhou is wonderful, and the Yise River among them is called "the first lake in the world" by literati. Even Li Haori, the sage of literature, came to Yise Lake in those days, and his writings were springing up, leaving ten masterpieces handed down overnight. According to legend, one of the most widely handed down poems reads: jj.br>

The west wind blows off the rails, and the universe is wide without clouds.

The sky, water and blue are of the same color, and the sunset is red and the sun is three poles.

The flowers shake and dance, and the hat branches are still soft, and it is not cold to sprinkle into the poetry.

Throughout the ages, how much I hate, I tidy up the cups and plates for a while.

Early this morning, after cleaning up habitually, Lan Xi hurriedly ran outside the Zongmen archway, hugging her knees and looking at the path up the mountain.

This has been her habit for more than half a year. Whenever she is free, she will wait under the Zongmen archway, waiting for the return of the person she has been thinking about day and night.

"Pfft~"

A crimson figure came out of the woods at a leisurely pace, snorted leisurely, looked at Lanxi without looking at Lanxi, and then walked unsteadily towards the Zongmen building.

The whole Jingshan sect can have such a posture, of course it is Uncle Chitu.

Lanxi has long been used to the arrogance and rudeness of Uncle Chitu, and when he saw the old man coming, he raised his butt thoughtfully to make way for him.

Just as Uncle Chitu was about to pass Lanxi, he suddenly stopped and turned around, staring unkindly at a young man dressed as a scholar walking along the mountain path.

Even Chitu found young scholars, and Lanxi was no exception.

It's just that no one seems to have a good impression of the smiling and well-dressed scholar, even if the scholar is carrying a basket full of pastries and fruits.

"Lanxi girl, good morning~"

The scholar greeted enthusiastically from a long distance away, raised the basket in his hand, and said with a loud smile, "I guess the girl must not have had breakfast yet, it just so happens that the cook at home accidentally cooked too much earlier, so I specially brought some for the girl, I hope you don't have to refuse."

What is Versailles, this shit is called Versailles.

In such a poor world, food is as expensive as gold, whose cook dares to "accidentally" make so many pastries?

Although Lan Xi is simple, he is not stupid. How could he not hear the little thought in the scholar's words, and immediately couldn't help rolling his beautiful eyes.

The population of Jingshan Sect is not prosperous, and the gate wall is weakened. Of course, it is impossible to occupy a large mountain like the famous authentic sect. The scope of the entire sect is limited to a small barren mountain.

It is said that although cultivation is popular throughout Daxia, in addition to the orthodox style of the Taoist sect at the head, there are more small sects like Jingshan Sect. @*~~

Seemingly occupying the reputation of the warlock sect, in fact, apart from the reputation, it is very poor.

The scholar seemed to be a son of a wealthy family. A few months ago, he ran into Lanxi when he was picking greens on the nearby hills. He also called it a study in the name of studying knowledge, and changed his appearance every day to try to please Lan Xi, which made Lan Xi very annoying and helpless.

After all, although Lan Xi is ignorant of world affairs, he also knows that his neighbors should not be easily offended, so he can only adopt a strategy of ignoring.

It's a pity that she underestimated the shamelessness of the scholar, or in other words, all excellent scholars have the tenacity to never give up until they reach their goals. The scholar always grasps the size of the etiquette, and approaches with the idea of ​​sincerity and sincerity. Lanxi.

I have to say that the scholar's strategy is still effective.

Although Lan Xi still doesn't like him, it's already a big improvement compared to the disgust at the beginning and the helplessness now.

The biggest fear of picking up girls is being ignored, otherwise no matter how much you do, you will just flatter the blind.

The so-called good girls are afraid of being entangled, the scholar firmly believes that as long as he continues to persevere, he will be able to wear water through stones one day and successfully win the hearts of beauties.

It's a pity that Shu's life is doomed to die without a disease, because the person who was waiting in Lanxi today is coming back.

Forced to be polite, Lan Xi politely perfunctory a few words, just when the scholar was about to use his three-inch tongue to persuade her to accept the gift, Lan Xi suddenly froze.

Yes, Meimou looked at the trail behind in surprise.

The scholar froze for a moment, his heart sank suddenly.

Uncle Chitu also changed his lazy and arrogant attitude, snorted happily, then turned around deftly, and rushed towards the path with all four hooves.

The scholar turned his head with a grim expression, and saw a group of four people walking along the path.

The leader is a young and handsome boy.

"The law of the law~"

The red rabbit kept rushing to the boy, jumping around him like having fun, and kept arching the boy's cheeks with his big head, which was very different from his usual aloofness.

Seeing this scene, the scholar was even more displeased.

You must know that he is also a horse lover. Of course, he knows the beauty of Chitu. He wanted to get close to Chitu before, but he was driven away by that beast. Now the proud Chitu is flattering like a pet. juvenile.

You don't need to think about it, that boy must be the master of this down-and-out sect.

"Hahaha, old man, long time no see."

Yuan Yutang hugged Chitu's big head and laughed heartily.

Seeing this, Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Ever since they spent the night in Longquan Mansion, Yuan Yutang's mood was very strange, especially after meeting a foolish husband and wife who were bewitched by a magic stick and wanted that inhuman living sacrifice, Yuan Yutang seemed even more taciturn.

The elder Sun Yi was very worried that Yuan Yutang would develop a psychological problem, but he couldn't persuade him.

Now finally seeing Yuan Yutang open his heart again, he couldn't help but feel relieved.

In fact, Sun Yi's guess was right, Yuan Yutang had indeed fallen into internal friction these days.

On the one hand, he is heartbroken by the power-hungry desire of his righteous brother Situ who killed slaves, on the other hand, he is frustrated by the ignorance and selfishness of the common people, as if he is out of tune with the current world, and doing anything is not worth it.

Yuan Yutang also knew that this was bad, but he couldn't get out of the magic barrier.

Fortunately, they finally came to Jingshanzong before the situation deteriorated.

The reunion with Chitu finally melted away some of the shadows in Yuan Yutang's heart.

"Young master, you are finally back~"

The long-awaited lover finally came back, Lan Xi overjoyed to leave the scholar behind, and ran to Yuan Yutang with forgetfulness.

Seeing the delicate and naive Lanxi, Yuan Yutang felt as if a gust of wind had blown through his heart, blowing away the cloud of gloom.

"Well, I'm back."

Lan Xi let out a tender cry, and hugged Yuan Yutang, as if afraid that he would suddenly leave without saying goodbye, and complained in a crying voice, "My lord, you must never leave Lan Xi alone again~"

Yuan Yutang smiled gently, stroked Fu Lanxi's beautiful hair, and said with a calm smile, "No, don't worry."

The originally warm and touching reunion scene was broken by an outsider.

"Your Excellency is the head of Jingshan Sect?"

The scholar came over at some point, smiled and asked politely.

Yuan Yutang patted Lan Xi's small head, which made her face flushed with shame, and she let go of her hands in embarrassment, at a loss.

"Pindao is Yuan Yuji, the twenty-eighth head of the Jingshan Sect. I don't know what to call this brother?" Yuan Yutang replied.

"It's easy to say, Ye Liangchen, under the tutelage of Ouyang Jinse, a great scholar in the world, his uncle is Ye Dongliang, the magistrate of Tangzhou, and he has met the real master. _o_m Recently, I bought a few hills near your school, and we are also neighbors , and hope that we can coexist peacefully in the future.”

Hearing Ye Liangchen's name suddenly, Yuan Yutang almost laughed, because this name was too loud in the Internet in his previous life.

Then he frowned involuntarily.

This scholar Ye Liangchen seems respectful and modest, but in fact he is arrogant. He straight-forwardly reported his family history when he came, and he slightly emphasized the last four words "peaceful coexistence". Lanxi.

After a little thought, Yuan Yutang understood what he meant.

Hehe, it seems that he has met a dude, and they are trying to show him off.

Moreover, this guy must have taken a fancy to Lan Xi and wanted to use his power to force Yuan Yutang to offer Lan Xi to him.

The reason is very simple. Originally, Ye Liangchen coveted Lanxi's beauty. At first, he planned to act with the intention of capturing the beauty's heart, but now seeing Lanxi's lack of self-love and self-destructing his status as a slave, he immediately felt contemptuous.

Yi.

If it's a girl from a good family, it's worth his time, but if it's just a lowly maid, then there's nothing to talk about.

After all, in the eyes of the aristocratic family, slaves and maidservants are lower than cattle and sheep, and it is very common to sell them as gifts.

Ye Liangchen was just bullying the decline of the Jingshan sect. Anyway, in his thinking, it was impossible for such a down-and-out sect to offend a noble family like him for a mere maid, and it was not the first time he had done such a thing.

It's a pity that Ye Liangchen's good plan is doomed to fail, because he met Yuan Yutang.

"Hehe, Pindao would like to know, if he doesn't want to live in peace, how will brother Ye deal with it?" Yuan Yutang said without any concealment.

Zhengchou had nowhere to vent his depression, and he didn't expect that someone would dare to bully him.

That might be a good way to say it.

Ye Liangchen's face turned sullen when he heard the words, and he said in a deep voice, "Is it worth it for a mere maid? Your Excellency, please don't misunderstand yourself."

The subtext is that I want someone from you because I think highly of you, but don't be shameless!

After speaking, Ye Liangchen squinted at Yuan Yutang confidently and disdainfully. He didn't believe that Yuan Yutang would offend him to death for a maid.

It may be that Ye Liangchen, who has been in the clouds for a long time and doesn't know the sufferings of the world, thinks that the power in this world can overthrow everything.

He didn't know that there are still strong men in the world who would rather be broken than whole.

Yuan Yutang laughed out loud.

Some people just can't make it clear, the truth is impossible to explain, and he doesn't want to waste that talk.

Then simply order it.

Snapped!

A crisp slap resounded through the forest.

Ye Liangchen tilted his head in astonishment, half of his cheeks quickly swelled like a pig's head, and his face was full of unbelievable astonishment. _o_m

He, he dared to hit me? ? .


		