

"Woooo, my poor daughter, it turns out that you died so badly~"

"Yu'er, you died so unjustly~"

"Wuuuuu, big sister, the murderer who killed you has been punished, you can go on the road with peace of mind~"

In a relatively wealthy house, a large group of men, women and children cried and cried, and some elderly women even fainted from crying.

Yuan Yutang sat in the hall calmly, watching the family members of the deceased crying heartbroken.

A middle-aged man with a tired expression came to Yuan Yutang with red eyes, bowed to the end, and said in a sad voice, "Li is grateful for the benevolence and justice of the Taoist priest, and avenged the wrong for the little girl. If it weren't for this, we would still be kept in the dark, thinking She just died by drowning, and let the beastly scholar get away with it.

The old man is just a lowly merchant, he has nothing to repay, only some vulgar yellow and white belongings can repay the kindness of the Taoist priest, and ask the Taoist priest to accept the old man's kindness. "

After speaking, someone brought a box of silver jewelry. _o_m

Yuan Yutang didn't even look at those vulgar things, he just smiled faintly, "Mr. Li, the dead have passed away, the living should not be overly sad, but need to mourn."

Li Yuanwai nodded sadly, gritted his teeth with lingering hatred and said, "If the Taoist priest hadn't dissuaded me, I would have insisted that Lin Rou's family be buried with Yu'er!"

Yuan Yutang shook his head solemnly and said, "The so-called misfortune is not as good as his family, although Lin Rou deserves his crime, but if he takes revenge on his innocent old mother, it will be against human relations, please don't make mistakes on your own."

"I will save myself, thank you Taoist priest for your advice." Li Yuanwai said with a bitter smile.

Sighing faintly, Yuan Yutang got up and said goodbye, "Since the matter is over, it's inconvenient for the poor to bother you too much, so I bid farewell."

As he said that, he walked out without looking back, Li Yuanwai repeatedly reminded Xie Li for forgetting to take it without stopping.


The case of the scholar Lin Rounv murdering Li Yuer, daughter of the Li family, was settled two days ago. The murderer Lin Rou was outspoken about the process of the crime.

With Li Yuanwai's hard work and solid evidence, Lin Rou was beheaded on the same day.

"Get out, everyone, get out of here!! Don't cry like a cat and a mouse in front of this old man, and pretend to be merciful. Even if I die of illness and starve to death, I will never receive any favor from you!"

In front of Lin Rou's house, Chen Changsheng looked at the medicine stickers, rice grains and other things that were thrown out of the door with a hesitant expression, feeling inexplicably annoyed.

He grabbed Chen Changsheng's hand, raised his head in bewilderment and asked, "Uncle Changsheng, why did that old lady kick us out? Aren't we kind enough to help her?"

Chen Changsheng smiled wryly. Just as he was about to speak, Yuan Yutang's voice came from behind:

"Because sometimes good intentions don't necessarily bring good rewards."

Hearing this, his eyes lit up, he turned his head in surprise, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang with his short legs like a baby swallow returning to its nest.

"Master~ You are back~"

Yuan Yutang knelt down and hugged her, doing good deeds, but in grandma's view, we were the enemies who killed her son, so it was normal for her to react in any way. "

Xie Mei frowned in confusion, and after thinking for a moment, he said, "Grandpa and grandparents used to teach Xie Mei that you should be brave enough to take responsibility for your mistakes. It was obviously the uncle who killed the first man, and he paid for his life, not the Lord of Heaven." Is it authentic? Why can't grandma understand and blame us instead?"

Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng were taken aback when they heard the words, and they looked at each other and laughed.

Hehe was even more confused by the inexplicable laughter of the two.

Chen Changsheng stopped laughing and said, "Hey, this is human nature. People will never consider issues from the standpoint of others, but habitually shift the blame to others."

Hehe was a little unhappy, and muttered in a low voice, "Then, doesn't that mean that everyone is a bad person? Hehe is not a bad person. Master, Uncle Changsheng and Uncle Sun Yi are all good people!"

Yuan Yutang smiled gently, "When your master was still alive, you often taught your master not to be disappointed in this world. Although you can't be as open-minded as your master for the time being, when you grow up, you will definitely be able to follow through. Master's last wish is to create a peaceful and prosperous world where everyone is equal and everyone understands."

"Hehehe, ok ok ok, 呶呶 will definitely not disappoint the master, nor will I let the master down, and will definitely create peace and prosperity.

world to come. "Hey hey clapped his hands happily and said with a serious smile.

Sun Yi, who had gone out to purchase supplies, just came back and heard the rhetoric of Bumble, so he rarely showed a smile.

Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng were also flattered, the traffic was extremely poor, and the environment was harsh, so it was no wonder that the population could not move.

The setting sun was slanting, and it seemed that it was going to be dark soon.

In order to take care of Miao Miao, Yuan Yutang could only decide to sleep out for one night and wait until dawn before heading on his way.

They found a flat place close to the water source, lit a bonfire, sprinkled mosquito repellent smoke, and several people worked together to find out if there were any pheasants and hares nearby to improve the food.

Hehe had never been to deep mountains and dense forests before, so he was extremely excited, like a cheerful little sparrow, chirping non-stop along the way, which made Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng who were traveling together burst into laughter.

When it was completely dark, the four people who had harvested three pheasants and one hare returned to the camping place***.

Everyone started working together, and quickly cleaned up the pheasants and hares. Yuan Yutang showed off his superb barbecue skills ahead of the times, and the three of them could not stop eating the meat they tested.

After eating and drinking enough, the youngest could not help but start to feel sleepy.

Yuan Yutang gently hugged her and told her some bedtime stories to lull her to sleep.

"...Speaking of which, Sun Wukong, the Great Sage Equaling Heaven, is really amazing. He used seventy-two supernatural powers to transform, and he was evenly matched with the supernatural Erlang God. Hundreds of thousands of heavenly soldiers and generals stared dumbfounded above the cloud... "

Yuan Yutang had a sudden whim tonight and started talking about the story of "Journey to the West".

However, in Yuan Yutang's view, the mediocre story has a terrifying appeal to people of this era.

At the beginning, Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng didn't pay attention to it, but listening to it, both of them were completely attracted by the wonderful story with twists and turns and climaxes after Monkey King's birth.

Hehe was even more sleepy, and he opened his beautiful big eyes intently, for fear of missing every detail of the story.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling remorseful.

In this era of material scarcity, entertainment is scarce. Perhaps the rich can pass the time by listening to Quguan Dance, but for the common people, the only entertainment channel is probably besides London, only listening to books.

The storyline of "Journey to the West" is enduring, and it can't be compared with those old local storytelling stories.

If this happened suddenly, it would have shocked Chen Changsheng and the others.

Originally, I only planned to finish the part where Sun Houzi Huaguoshan recognized himself as the Monkey King and fought with many gods, but he couldn't stand the pleading of the three, so Yuan Yutang could only continue talking.

"...The Tathagata Buddha flipped his palm and covered it, as if piercing the sky. The giant palm turned into a giant mountain, suppressing the Sun Wukong who was knocked down from the mortal world..."

Yuan Yutang, who was thirsty, looked at the sky subconsciously, and found that it was already midnight before he knew it, and then refused to say anything, so that the three who had listened to the story mesmerized each other reluctantly fell asleep.

The dry firewood was burning slightly in the bonfire, and occasionally there were a few indistinct sounds of beasts and birds in the distance, the wind was very harmonious, and the moonlight was soft.

On this quiet night, the entire Jinlan Mountains are as beautiful as a static landscape painting.

Boom, boom!

Yuan Yutang, who was sleeping soundly, suddenly felt a shaking coming from under him, and immediately jumped up hugging Xixi who was sleeping beside him.

"What's going on? Wake up!"

Yuan Yutang roared as if he was facing a formidable enemy.

Chen Changsheng and Sun Yi also woke up from their slumber and sat up. There was another violent vibration from the ground, and they lost their balance unexpectedly and fell back.

Boom, boom, boom~

It was as if the heaven and the earth were shaking, the towering trees were uprooted, the ground was in chaos, the mountains collapsed, and there were scenes of shaking in the field of vision.

"Find a place to hide quickly, the earth dragon has turned around!" Sun Yi was old, so he made the best choice in an instant. @

Yuan Yutang hugged the frightened and wailing Beau with a gloomy face, his eyes fixed on the southwest, and after a while he shouted in horror, "It's not the earth dragon turning over, it's the mountain god beating the drum!"

"what?"

"The mountain god playing drums?"

Chen Changsheng and Sun Yi were shocked at the same time when they heard the words.


If the mountain god beats the drum, there must be disaster!

This is a proverb that has been passed down for thousands of years. It is said that once the mountain god beats the drum, natural disasters will inevitably come to the world.

However, many people have heard this proverb, but few people have seen it, which can be said to be rare in a hundred years.

They didn't expect that they were lucky enough to encounter such a once-in-a-lifetime adventure, and whether it was a blessing or a curse had to be weighed, so how could they not be frightened?

Sun Yi and the two followed Yuan Yutang's gaze, and there seemed to be a giant shadow appearing in the dark sky far away, hazy as high as the mountains, and two huge fists hammered the peaks madly, like a road roller Push everything across.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang shuddered and shouted, "No, that thing is coming towards us, run!"

All the dead souls risked their lives and ran wildly in the huge earthquake.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom~

The terrifying earthquake was getting closer and closer, and the terrifying sound of the earth shaking and the mountains shaking could be heard in his ears. In this situation, Yuan Yutang had no choice but to bury his head and run away.

"Roar~"

"Aww~"

"Howling~"

"Gah~"

All kinds of shrill animal roars and birdsong can be heard endlessly.

Yuan Yutang saw with his own eyes the tide of beasts and birds fleeing desperately from the woods.

At this time, the tiger has no time to hunt and kill the elk, the fox also ignores the hares running side by side, and the goshawks swooping in the air ignore their favorite sparrows.

Under the horror disaster, it is rare to present the miracle of equality of all beings. @*~~

Seeing the terrifying giant shadow that covered the sky and the sun getting closer, Yuan Yutang's heart sank, and without any explanation, he stuffed the 呶呶 into Sun Yi's arms, ready to turn around and stop the giant shadow to buy some time for the three of them to escape.

At this moment!

The sky seemed to be sliced ​​open by a huge sword, and a blue sky thunder longer than the river and wider than the sea suddenly fell.

boom!

Endless lightning flashed between the sky and the earth, and then everything returned to calm. .


		