

Yuan Yutang hated asking for help, no matter in modern or ancient times.

The Tianxian sect is the leader of Taoism in Shaozhou, the one certified by the government, so there is a magnificent Taoist temple in the city, which is full of incense all the year round, and has a lot of people.

Just because you have been in the market for too long with dignitaries and dignitaries, you will inevitably be infected with various bad habits, especially the one about welcoming and sending off.

Yuan Yutang found Tianxian Temple in the most prosperous area of ​​Zhoucheng very smoothly, and there was no vulgar drama like that of the ancestral hall that looked down on people.

As soon as he revealed his identity, he was immediately warmly received by the veterans.

That's all.

Seeing that it was almost dark, the old Taoist Zhike who went to report it seemed to have evaporated, and he hadn't returned after two hours.

The courtesy of the Taoist who was in charge of the reception was impeccable. Every time he asked someone, he would respectfully tell him that the wine offering might be busy, so please wait patiently.

But it will take a long time to wait.

No matter how dull Yuan Yutang was, he knew that he was deliberately letting him go.

There is no way to insist on breaking into this kind of thing. The concierge of the ancestral hall's office is not honest, so let him take advantage of it. As long as no one is killed, it is not too much to make a fuss.

But not in Tianxian Temple.

The etiquette of the family is perfect, and there is no room for him to criticize it.

If he dares to act recklessly again, it will be difficult for him to gain a foothold in Shaozhou from now on.

If a sect wants to develop and grow, it cannot be too rigid with the local fellow sects, at least not at this stage.

If the Jingshan sect has the size of Qingtian Peak, let the Tianxian sect show their teeth?

The dog's mouth was torn off by you!

After all, it is still weak~

After eating a soft nail, Yuan Yutang was very upset, but there was nothing he could do.

The setting sun disappeared in the corner of the eaves, and the sky gradually darkened.

Knowing that today will be futile, Yuan Yutang didn't bother to waste any more time, declined the enthusiasm of the host Daotong to stay, and he rushed out of the city before the city gate was closed sullenly.

After Yuan Yutang left, two Taoists appeared in the quiet room for guests.

"Sacrificial wine is safe!"

The two Taoist boys who were packing the tea sets hurriedly saluted.

One of the middle-aged Taoist priests waved his hands and said, "Excuse me, did that young man ever speak rudely because he has been waiting for a long time?"

The two Taoist boys replied in trepidation, "It's never been said about offering wine."

The middle-aged Taoist gasped, and said to himself, "This is also strange, isn't it rumored that the young head of the Jingshan Sect has a violent temper, but is he a fool without brains, so he can hold his breath so calmly?"

The two Taoist boys and the old Taoist who came with the sacrificial wine did not dare to disturb the middle-aged Taoist, and waited quietly.

After half a sound, the middle-aged Taoist came back to his senses, "Okay, you guys go to work."

The two Taoist boys responded quickly, then quickly packed up their things and left in a hurry.

When there were only two people left, the old Taoist who was hesitant to speak said in a low voice, "Jiujiu, it's better to settle enemies than tie them up. Why do you have to get angry with a junior?"

The middle-aged Taoist laughed when he heard the words, and asked with a sarcasm, "Junior? Old Zheng, you can be mistaken~ Although he is young, his deeds since his debut are enough to be recorded in the annals of history. Tongshan Pass is a monk. Bravely defeating the clone of the big monster, Qingtian Peak captured the monster king with the power of a real person, have you ever seen that junior with such extraordinary ability?"

"Ah, this..." Zhike veteran Lao Zheng was speechless when he heard this.

If these words were not spoken by Jijiu himself, even if he was beaten to death, he would not be able to believe it was true.

After being horrified, Old Zheng asked in a puzzled way, "Jijiu, according to what you said, wouldn't the young master have the potential to become a fairy, such a genius is too late for others to curry favor with, why do you Do you want to deliberately make things difficult?"

The middle-aged Taoist smiled helplessly after hearing this, patted his solid-eyed junior, and said earnestly, "Junior brother, when the master was around, he often taught you to think more about everything. Disobedient? Why should I embarrass him, this is not a lice on a bald head—is it obvious?"

"The small pond in Shaozhou is only this big, and there are only so many cultivation resources. If other sects get one point more, we will get one point less. Don't you understand this simple truth?"

"The head of the young man wants to revitalize the Jingshan Sect, and wants to take root and set up a banner. He is undoubtedly blocking our way..."

"If we don't trip him up, will we have a peaceful life in the future?"

The truth was crushed and said, Lao Zheng bowed his head in shame.

There are hundreds of walks in the world, no matter what kind of line or industry, colleagues are enemies.

Blocking someone's future is like killing one's parents. Thinking about it this way, he understands that he has good intentions in sacrificing wine.

It's just that I understand it, but Lao Zheng is always uneasy in his heart.

Will a genius like that young head really be stumped?

Outside the city was barren, with black lights and blind lights, and pedestrians on the road were indistinct.

Walking at night these days is a very dangerous thing. Even if you don't encounter ferocious monsters and ghosts, it is very likely that an attack by a wild animal is enough to kill you.

You must know that this is a barbaric feudal ancient times, wild beasts are rampant, and there are many large beasts such as wolves, tigers and leopards in the mountains and forests, this is not a joke.

Yuan Yutang is an expert in arts and boldness, of course he deserves it.

It's just that the secret loss he suffered in the Tianxian faction made him feel uneasy.

The waning moon is like a hook, and the moonlight is desolate.

The night scene in the mountains was rendered disastrously, and there was an unspeakable tranquility rippling between the heaven and the earth.

Yuan Yutang, who originally planned to go at full speed, simply slowed down and walked in the mountains, just to calm his depression.

Just walking around, he realized that something was wrong.

After nightfall was the perfect time for wild beasts to hunt for food, but the surroundings were too quiet, not to mention the roars of beasts, not even the most basic insects.

The only explanation for the silence of the ants and insects in the four fields and the frightening away of the animals is that there is an ambush nearby.

Yuan Yutang's eyes froze in vain, and a cruel sneer appeared on the corner of his mouth.

It seems that he is still underestimated.

Back in the small pond in Shaozhou, both cats and dogs dared to show their teeth to themselves.

Forget it, since you don't give face, don't blame him for not giving face.

Killing the chickens to warn the monkeys may not be effective, but if the monkeys are killed, do you think the chickens will be afraid?

Holding his breath and listening for a moment, Yuan Yutang suddenly said, "Come out, don't you have the guts to show up if you dare to look for bad luck?"

As soon as the words fell, torches lit up in the dark forest all around at the same time, illuminating a mile around as bright as day in less than a moment.

Immediately afterwards, there were many figures in the woods, the sound of horseshoes shook the sky, and a murderous aura spread silently.

"Hahaha, I have been in the battlefield for 20 years, and I have never seen such a stupid person. Knowing that there is an ambush and not running for your life, you dare to stay where you are and wait for death. Calling you a lunatic is flattering! "

A tall horse with a black body and snow-white hooves galloped out with a burly general in bright armor on its back.

Yuan Yutang looked at the handsome horse with great interest. If he guessed correctly, it was the legendary horse Wuyun Taxue, who was as famous as the bloody horse. Love the horse and the black horse.

A military general who can own such a horse must have a lot of background.

Although until now Yuan Yutang didn't know when he offended such a prominent general.

But so what?

You messed with him, you wouldn't naively think that he would let it go easily, would you?

The burly military general hugged his arms, and the power of his feet alone was enough to drive the irritable horse Wuyun to move freely on the snow. This skill in horse riding was superb.

Kankan stopped ten steps in front of Yuan Yutang, and the burly general stared at him darkly and said with a sneer, "Boy, are you still at a loss as to why this commander wants to ambush you?"

Yuan Yutang didn't speak, and remained expressionless.

The burly general suddenly lowered his arm, and quickly took a halberd hanging from the side of the saddle.

The halberd was nearly one foot long, just covered the distance of ten steps, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang with the sound of wind and thunder.

Anyone who can use the halberd is a peerless general who can be defeated by thousands of people.

Faced with such murderous intent, Yuan Yutang remained unmoved, as if turning a deaf ear to it.

Stab it!

The sharp four-sided halberds tore through the air, and they came to Yuan Yutang in a flash.

Yuan Yutang remained motionless, without blinking his eyes.

Seeing that he was about to be crushed to death, he did not expect that the heavy halberd hovered between Yuan Yutang's face by coincidence.

In an instant, the world seemed to be frozen, and everything disappeared, as if only Yuan Yutang and the burly general were left in the world.

Moments later, the burly general took the initiative to break the silence, and said with a smirk, "So courageous, I really want to know if you have the confidence to strangle me and just feint."

Yuan Yutang sneered and said, "I don't know if you've heard a sentence, close at hand, people are like enemies. You think you have the initiative, but you don't know that when you approach me, you also put your life in my hands?"

The burly general was stunned, and then laughed wildly, tears streaming down his face.

Soon, thousands of heavily armed sturdy soldiers appeared in all directions, and surrounded the surrounding area tightly.

Kui Wu wiped his tears, pointed at the murderous sergeant and laughed wildly, "Hahaha, you are so eloquent, you are so happy to kill the general soldier."

"Did you see, as long as the general soldier gives an order, 1,500 sergeants from the Kuizi Battalion can chop you into meat paste!"

"Do you think that if you know those two techniques, you will be invincible if you know a little bit of martial arts?"

"Your unlucky and sad master thought so too. What happened?"

Upon hearing the last sentence, Yuan Yutang, who was originally calm, turned gloomy and asked coldly, "You killed my master?"

The sloppy old man only revealed a few words about his master's tragic death when he was drunk. Yuan Yutang didn't know much about the specific situation. into meat paste.

He had no idea that the culprit who killed Master was actually enjoying himself in Shaozhou city.

The burly general smiled arrogantly, "That's right, it was the chief soldier who killed your master, how do you treat it?"

Yuan Yutang's eyes bulged, and his anger roared like a volcanic eruption:

"Madman, I want you to die a thousand times worse than my master!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter Eleven Old Hate is free to read.




		