

"In the name of the Shrine of the Remains of the Hundred Immortals, I command all the immortals in the world to come to my dharma seat and listen to the order!!"

Before the words fell, it seemed as if a huge wave was aroused in the dark, and an inexplicable rhythm spread rapidly.

Immediately afterwards, countless vast loud voices responded in the void.

"Huang Wuya, the housekeeper of a certain Xiaowanggou family, followed the orders of the Shangxian and came to report!"

"Hui Dazhuang, the city god of Xinglin County, obeyed the orders of the Shangxian and came to report!"

"This seat, Teng Snake Mountain God, Guo Shanhu obeys the order of the gods and comes to report!"

"My protector of the Shannan Road, Dade Immortal Venerable, is invited to come to help me!"


Suddenly, countless auras burst through the air, and in the distance there were even more inexhaustible auras rushing forward. The hidden enchantment of demon spirits suddenly became a broken sieve, and anyone could enter and exit freely.

Yuan Yutang, who was desperately casting spells, let out a sigh of relief when he saw this.

Before he failed to summon the immortals, he was really afraid that the demon spirit barrier would block the call signal from the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals.

Fortunately, this artifact made by Qiangu Yijue Zhuge Tianji himself is powerful, otherwise he would be really helpless.

But after the excitement, he was shrouded in deep sorrow.

It is true that the effect of the Shrine of the Relics of the Immortals is against the sky, instantly summoning a large number of powerful immortals to help unconditionally, but the side effects are also obvious.

It has only been about three breaths since the drive and now, and his vitality has been extracted for about a month.

It's just off the charts.

This method of completely exchanging one's life for another's life, until one is really cornered, who would dare to use this thing as a normal person! !

Knowing that the longer it is used, the more dangerous it will be, but Yuan Yutang dare not stop.

Because the fairy family he wanted to summon hadn't responded yet, he had to grit his teeth and watch the vitality flow away like a tide.

On the other side, Gui Jianshou, who was furious at first, suddenly saw Yuan Yutang throwing his hole card, and couldn't help calming down. He didn't see him make any movements, but just watched quietly, with a cloudy expression on his face.

Boom~

Amidst a loud noise, three figures smashed through the sky, descended from the sky, and came to Yuan Yutang's side.

"Hei Yue, the owner of Lantong Peak, has met the Immortal."

"This Biyan Lake Water God, Yu Muyang, has met the Immortal!"

"The master of the Mingyue Cave, Hui Linshan, has seen the Immortal!"

The first three people are all dignified and elegant.

Hei Yue is a burly and gentle man, Yu Muyang is a charming woman with all kinds of styles, and Hui Linshan is a slender old man with a fairy demeanor.

The three are all immortal families in the human fairyland, and they are also the three strongest immortal families within a hundred miles.

Although they had never met each other before, under the influence of the Shrine of the Remains of the Hundred Immortals, the three great immortals showed great respect to Yuan Yutang, and it must be said that it was extremely mysterious.

Yuan Yutang was not polite either, and ordered straightforwardly, "Excuse me, the three immortal family masters, come and help me protect the Dharma!"

"Order!"

The three immortals agreed without hesitation, and instantly took a stand in the shape of a character, firmly protecting Yuan Yutang in the middle.

Yuan Yutang obviously couldn't bear the unrestrained extraction of life force from the Temple of the Bone of the Immortals, but he still gritted his teeth and refused to let go, his face was grim in pain.

Gui Jianchou was not surprised that Yuan Yutang ordered the Xian family to help out.

Because one of his three major patrons, Master Mian Ran, the King of Hungry Ghosts, had already told him this secret.

Last year, during the Battle of Fulong Mountain in the Northeast Road, it was Yuan Yutang who suddenly summoned a group of wild immortals to destroy the most important human clone of Master Mian Ran (for details, please review Chapter 75 of Volume 1.)

Of course, what Yuan Yutang used at that time was not the Shrine of the Remains of the Hundred Immortals, but the even more mysterious Tiangang Divine Power Liujia Qimen.

It's not important to confuse the situation, what's important is that in order to prevent the same mistakes from happening again, the three ghost kings specially gifted him with powerful cards.

Hmph, isn't it just to move rescuers?

Let's see who can recruit more reinforcements!

Gui Jianchou showed a disdainful grin in vain, his robe shook

, with three extra tokens of strange materials in both hands.

Throwing the token into the air violently, Gui Jianshou Lei shouted angrily:

"In heaven and earth, ghosts are the only ones who reign supreme. The order to move troops and summon the ghosts is as urgent as a law. I invite the three ghost kings' imperial guards to come to the mortal world to help!"

Suddenly, the three swirling tokens flashed brilliantly, turning into three lightsabers that tore through the void, forming three huge cracks.

Huh~huh~

Xilulu~

Inside each crack is a blood-red and dark world, thousands of miles of desolation, howling wind, horses screaming, and at a glance, there is no end to the terrifying cavalry waiting.

The three cavalrymen were red, dark black, and miserable green respectively, clearly distinguishing each other.

Before the three major cavalry regiments arrived, the terrifying aura of the underworld first spread out from the crack.

The expressions of the three immortals suddenly changed drastically.

"Shangxian, it's the effect of the strange magic weapon moving orders received by the ghost king of the underworld at the expense of a ray of primordial spirit, which can summon the ghost king's guards to gallop around the world within a stick of incense!" Hei Yue said in a deep voice as if facing an enemy.

Yu Muyang said in a anxious voice with a slight loss of composure, "Shangxian, the ghost king's imperial guards are immortal, wounded, destroyed, and painless. Once assembled, they can beat the earth immortals for two kalpas and remain undefeated. The most terrifying method is none other than ours! I implore the Immortal not to be stubborn, leave as soon as possible!"

Hui Linshan, who is immortal and daogu, has no expression, but from the flickering eyes, it can be seen that he is timid.

Yuan Yutang ignored it, and continued to send life force to the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals desperately.

Seeing this, the three immortals couldn't help but feel heavy.

It is easy to get on a pirate ship, but it is difficult to get off a pirate ship.

Under the coercive drive of the Temple of the Bone of the Immortals, even if they knew they were going to die, they could not back down half a step.

"Hahahaha, did you see that? Don't think that you are the only one who can shout!"

Ghost Jianchou washed away his weakness, flew into the air and laughed wildly.

"Well, the rescuers I brought didn't disappoint you, did they?"

"Let me see, is it your strength to save soldiers, or my strength to fight soldiers!"

"Three Great Ghost King Guards, go up to me, kill all living things without leaving here!"

The soldiers and horses of the three parties, who were originally as silent as clay sculptures and wood sculptures, suddenly boiled, and the terrifying shouts of killing shook the world, and the rotten war horses under their crotches galloped wildly.

As the three major imperial guards charged together, a strong and almost substantive chilling aura rushed over, raging across the world.

The three immortals suddenly felt as if they were on their backs. If it weren't for the Temple of the Hundred Immortals' Remains to suppress their primordial spirits, they would have run away long ago.

Looking at each other, they both saw despair in each other's eyes.

The next moment, an unknown fire ignited in their hearts.

How do you say that they are all famous fairy families, how long ago were they persecuted to such an extent?

The self-esteem of being a high-ranking immortal family does not allow them to die without a fight. Since they can't escape, then let go of everything and fight to the death!

Seemingly indifferent, Yuan Yutang felt the determination of the three immortals, and he immediately said, "Hold on, there will be help coming soon, no matter what you have to hold on to me!"

The three great immortals turned their heads and glared at Yuan Yutang fiercely, and each used their magical powers without saying a word.

"Roar~"

The burly Hei Yue was the first to attack. He was covered in black hair, his clothes were torn apart instantly, his claws and teeth became sharp, and he changed from a human figure into a ten-foot-long bear with flame patterns on his forehead in a breath, landing on all fours. Advance by leaps and bounds.

Yu Muyang had a gloomy face, and with a wave of his sleeves, he could see the water in a radius of hundreds of feet, and the raging waves surged one after another, like a flooding dragon, and there were a lot of ferocious fish in the waves, like a river. It rushes away like a dam burst.

Hui Linshan, who was thin and thin, took a deep breath, jumped into the air in an instant, and turned into a flash of gray lightning.

In the blink of an eye, the galloping ten-foot giant bear was the first to bump into the charging red guards.

Boom~

Like thunder on the ground, there was a terrifying loud noise that shattered the eardrums in an instant.

The giant bear stood up, roaring with its hammer chest, and its two huge giant claws bowed left and right, sweeping towards the red ghost cavalry who were close at hand like a thousand troops.

Just hearing two bang bangs, more than a dozen scarlet ghost cavalrymen and horses were swept into the air, a terrifying force erupted instantly, and before they fell, they were all torn apart, exploding into balls of Yin Qi.

The black bear spirit in the fairyland is so terrifying.

If it is an ordinary Yin soldier, no amount of them can defeat the astonishingly powerful giant bear.

However, the main reason why the imperial guards make warlocks in the world fearful is their immortality.

The imperial guards are an invincible army built by every ghost king with a lot of time and effort. Their natal yin houses are all stored in the ghost king's body, and they are all prosperous and all are damaged.

Logically speaking, as long as the ghost king they are loyal to has not fallen, every imperial guard is an immortal existence.

So don't look at the fierce might of the giant bear, it's just a useless effort to destroy a dozen elite guard ghost cavalry in one blow.

The next moment, a dozen groups of distorted air waves suddenly appeared behind the big formation of Ru Chao cavalry, and then the dozen or so ghost cavalry who were blown up were reborn on the spot without any damage, and continued to charge on horseback.

Of course, the giant bear also knew that brute force culling was useless, but due to Yuan Yutang's order, he could only bite the bullet and continue to fight.

On the other side, Yu Muyang, who was as immortal as a demon, also faced the Xuanhei Imperial Guard Ghost Cavalry Regiment, and rushed into its dense charge formation with overwhelming supernatural powers.

The next moment, the Black Ghost Cavalry Regiment suddenly burst into dark yin energy, like a copper wall and an iron wall, blocking the supernatural powers like huge waves hitting the shore from a hundred feet high.

In the end, the gray lightning transformed by Hui Linshan criss-crossed the phalanx of the miserable green ghost cavalry, invincible.

However, no matter how many enemies are killed, it is not as fast as the regeneration speed of the guard ghost cavalry.

Although the three great immortal families seem to be on par with the Imperial Guard Ghost Cavalry, they have actually been pushed to the edge of the cliff.

As long as it shows a slight decline, I'm afraid it will be torn to pieces.

The situation became critical in an instant.

The general trend is in my hands, and Gui Jianchou is not in the slightest panic, and enjoys the dying struggle of the three great immortals with full of joking.

Yuan Yutang's face was extremely ugly. In just a short time, he had consumed nearly five years of vitality.

Although the army of the Xian family is about to arrive, the response he wants has not arrived, and he can't help feeling anxious.

Seeing the decline of the three great immortal families, they were about to die on the spot.

in vain.

Yuan Yutang thought for a while, and then his face was overjoyed.

Before he had time to speak, an unparalleled aura came from Eastern Lightning.


		