

The chaotic void beyond the human world is an area that mortals cannot set foot on, and it is also a forbidden area for life.

However, today there were three terrifying auras that broke the dead silence.

A path shrouded in black mist, eerie and eerie.

An incomparably huge one, with no end in sight.

One is like a dwarf tiger, seemingly ordinary. @·No fault first launch~~

It is rare for these three terrifying auras to meet, and in a secret place like chaos, there must be a major conspiracy behind it.

"You two must understand that Qingtian Peak is not easy to mess with. If you want to get a sword fetus, you need to think long-term."

That gigantic aura broke the silence first, and the sound was like thunder.

After a long silence, the dwarf milk tiger suppressed his anger and replied, "I am aware of this reckless attack, but this decision was unanimously agreed by everyone. How dare you blame me now?"

The aura hidden in the black mist fanned the flames sullenly, "Oh, we are all on our own, why should we hurt our peace for a small matter? We are not the only ones interested in the sword embryo of the Six Tribulations Earth Immortal. If you want to make things happen, It really takes a concerted effort.”

The huge breath said angrily, "Yao Snake, don't you dare to sow discord, if you are not convinced, you can see the truth!"

Suddenly, the atmosphere seemed a little delicate.

It's no wonder that these three terrifying auras look like overlords who used to dominate the party. It's rare to get together temporarily because of interests. Of course, it's impossible to be friendly.

The party ended up being unhappy, leaving only an angry sentence to reunite in three days, and then they went back to each other.

Songzhou Fairy Peak, which is thousands of miles away from Yuezhou, is occupied by a monkey monster from the Great Demon Realm, slaughtering people wantonly, and the entire Songzhou is almost reduced to a piece of white land.

But all this became history three days ago.

Because the monkey monster that had been in trouble for a long time has been replaced by the crossing dragon.

"Kacha Kacha~"

In a huge palace comparable to a royal palace in the hinterland of Fairy Girl Peak, there is a dwarf black tiger with a black body and a deformed body. His eyes are blank, and he is chewing the food in his mouth mechanically. The creepy chewing sound echoes in the empty hall. , which makes people shudder.

At a certain moment, the dwarf black tiger regained his spirit with straightened and empty eyes, raised his claws to wipe off the blood stained on his beard, and said with a sneer, "Hmph, it's nice to say that, isn't everyone harboring evil intentions? Do you think you're hiding something from me?" , I don’t know if Shentu Jie’s catastrophe has arrived ahead of time?”

"Yao Snake, Kuahe, after I win the sword embryo and break through the Demon King Realm, the first thing I will do is to tear the duplicitous people like you into pieces!"

Sulking for a while, the dwarf Heihu yelled out of the hall, "You three trash, get out of here!"

As soon as the words fell, three black figures immediately knelt and shivered under the dwarf black tiger like the wind.

The dwarf black tiger's fierce eyes swept over the three figures at the bottom of the steps one by one like knives, and any shadow he passed made him feel as if he had fallen into an ice cave.

Just when the three figures under the steps were about to suffocate with fear, the dwarf black tiger finally spoke:

"This seat is on the occasion of employing people. I think it's your first offense, and I will go around you once..."

The three figures were overjoyed when they heard the words, and they kowtowed like pounding onions and said in a weeping voice:

"Thank you Majesty for not killing, thank you Majesty for not killing..."

The dwarf black tiger sneered disdainfully, "Don't be too happy so early, although the death penalty is spared, but the living penalty is inevitable, take off something from your body as punishment..."

After a pause, the dwarf black tiger grinned and said, "Of course, this matter is voluntary, and you can choose to refuse. As for the end..."

As he spoke, he nuzzled towards the corner of the hall.

The three figures trembled when they heard the words, and couldn't help looking there, only to see a mound-like corpse lying in the darkness, the smell of blood was strong, and there were flies hovering in the sky like dark clouds, which was extremely shocking.

The three figures with earthy faces immediately lost their blood, and they looked at each other in despair, knowing that there was no way to avoid this disaster.

Forcing people to self-mutilate, it takes a psychopath to come up with such a cruel punishment~

However, the fate of resisting the dwarf black tiger is bloody in front of them. If they don't want to die, how can they refuse?

The tallest of the three figures gritted his teeth.

Standing up quickly, without saying a word, he grabbed his own ears, roared, and suddenly exerted force, and actually tore off his ears alive, enduring the sharp pain like a heart-pounding pain, and walked forward on his knees tremblingly, Offer a pair of ears that came from the mother's womb with both hands.

The dwarf black tiger made a casual move, and the pair of freshly plucked stumped ears automatically flew into its bloody mouth, chewed a few times indiscriminately, and swallowed the lower abdomen with a slip of its throat.

"Very well, it seems that the old ape is still somewhat loyal, how about you?" the dwarf Heihu asked blankly.

The slender figure and the thin figure looked miserable, and with all their courage, one took off his eyes, and the other cut off his arm, and both went up for the dwarf black tiger to devour.

After the three figures received their names, the psychopathic dwarf Heihu nodded contentedly, and said with a grinning laugh, "Hahaha, not bad, everyone will be their own from now on, come and eat Meat, the big monster’s meat is not common, if you want to eat it, go get it yourself..."

While talking, it picked up a hideous monkey head the size of a stone mill, and ate it like eating fruit.

The three figures in the audience watched it gnawing blood and water, and resisted in their hearts, but they dared not go against it. They could only tremblingly go over to the highly decomposed corpse to remove a large piece of flesh and blood, and began to accompany the dwarf with disgust. Black tiger eats.


At the same time, under the starry sky of Qingtian Peak, Tantai Lemian looked at the sky at night with compassion.

Although Tantai Le is a Sword Immortal, she is quite knowledgeable, she has dabbled in all kinds of miscellaneous studies, among which she is most proud of her attainments in observing the sky.

At this time, he was not bored looking at the stars, but wanted to help Shen Tujie seek a chance of survival through the astronomical phenomenon.

Just as the dwarf Heihu said, Shentujie's seventh catastrophe, which was supposed to be ushered in three months later, was suddenly brought forward.

It stands to reason that the great event of the sword head's crossing the catastrophe should not be known to everyone.

But just this morning, Shen Tujie had a sudden whim, and his sword energy suddenly ran out of control, and he leveled a huge mountain inside and outside with a sword from the air.

Although it was only fleeting, this abnormal scene must have attracted the attention of many caring people.

The situation, which was already troubled, suddenly took a turn for the worse.

Although the Earth Immortal is the most powerful in the world, this power has a price.

The land gods must face nine catastrophes!

One level of catastrophe is harder than one level, this matter cannot be borrowed from others, once the catastrophe fails, you will die, there is no other way.

Shen Tujie's previous six catastrophes were extremely difficult, no matter how indifferent he was, Tantai Le, who is a good friend, knew it well.

Under the seventh catastrophe, which was a hundred times more dangerous than the sixth catastrophe, Shen Tujie might not have a chance to survive.

But that guy has been a stubborn bull since he was a child, and no one can change what has been decided.

Obviously he could use Shentongzi to break the deadlock, but he insisted on dying for some shit Jianxin.

Doesn't he know the importance of Jianxin?

But life is almost gone, no matter how pure Jian Xin is, is it useful?

Moreover, there was a big demon crossing the border to test it before, and there must have been countless terrifying monsters secretly coveting the sword embryo left by Shentu Jie Bingjie. @·No fault first launch~~

Although the sword fetus left by the Six Tribulations Sword Immortal is not beneficial to human warlocks, it is unimaginably tempting to any monster in the world.

Thinking about it this way, once Shentu Jie failed to cross the tribulation, the coveted monster masters would attack him immediately.

Qingtian Peak has always pursued an independent and out-of-the-world style of action, and the other Taoist orthodox relationships are neither cold nor cold, and there are no reliable allies to rely on.

Once something goes wrong, I don't know how many big factions are willing to help.

I'm afraid those monsters are also sure about this, so they wantonly exposed their ambitions.

In the past, Qingtian Peak was not without the Earth Immortal who failed to cross the tribulation and was dismissed on the spot, but at that time there were other Earth Immortals sitting in command, deterring all demons from acting rashly.

It's a pity that there has been a lack of talent in Qingtian Peak in the past century. Apart from the talented Shen Tujie, there is only one Baili Yinghua who has not yet grown up.

Even the second strongest under the sword head, he is only a human immortal.

In the past, Shen Tujie, who was extremely powerful in suppressing sects, seemed to have nothing to worry about.

But now that Shen Tujie is in trouble, all the hidden dangers hidden under the water are immediately exposed.


If you are not careful, you may be in danger of destroying the faction.

Even so, Shen Tujie still arrogantly refuses to recognize the reality and insists on going to death. How can this make him feel uncomfortable?

Thinking of this, Tantai Le couldn't help but feel even more bitter.

Meeting such superiors and friends, it may be that he Tan Taile committed sins in his previous life, and this life is used to pay for it.

So he can only try his luck to find a solution from the astronomical omens.

Suddenly, a meteor streaked across the night sky and fell towards the west.

"The star of the broken army is falling, the omen of great misfortune, the omen of great misfortune~" Tantai Le murmured to himself with an increasingly sad face.

With a faint sigh, Tantai Le suppressed the sorrow in his heart and walked towards the Discipline Hall.

He had just returned to his sword room and was about to practice swords to vent his depression, when he suddenly remembered something, he turned his head and walked to Yuan Yutang's room.

At this time, Yuan Yutang was performing ant-phagating technique to feed the controlled ants with flesh and blood, when he suddenly felt Tantai Le's arrival, he was startled, hurriedly dispersed the ant colony, and hurriedly jumped onto the bed and pretended to be asleep. @*~~

Just when he was ready, there was a knock on the door.

"Who is it so late?" Yuan Yutang asked as if he had just woken up.

"An'er, I'm a teacher."

Tantai Le's dull voice came from outside the door.

Yuan Yutang pretended to be surprised and replied, "Master?"

He quickly put on his small clothes and went to open the door, secretly guessing in his heart what the reason for Tantai Le's late night visit was.

Could it be that the matter was brought to light and traces were found?

The more he thought about it, the more terrified he became, Yuan Yutang was ready for a desperate fight, took a deep breath, and suddenly opened the door.

As the door opened, Tan Taile walked into Yuan Yutang's room with a gloomy face.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help tensing up.

Tan Taile sat down at the table, staring straight at Yuan Yutang without saying a word, staring at Yuan Yutang until he felt hairy.

Just when Yuan Yutang was about to be unable to bear the silent coercion, Tan Taile finally spoke.

It's just that Tan Taile's words made Yuan Yutang a little confused.

"An'er, can I trust you as a teacher?"


		