

Clouds cover the moon, and the wind stagnates.

A cold and murderous atmosphere filled the streets and alleys.

Yuan Yutang walked from the corner of the street with a frosty face.

Slanting his eyes, he saw that Chen Changsheng was half covered by bricks and stones, and his life and death were uncertain.

Look at Lanxi's helpless and pitiful appearance again.

The anger in my heart couldn't stop burning.

The handsome man and the glamorous woman were not in a hurry to take Lan Xi away by force, and looked at Yuan Yutang who came with anger with great interest.

"Are you the shameless human who abducted the little princess?"

A moment later, the glamorous woman suddenly gritted her teeth with a pink face and said.

Suddenly, a terrible momentum like a mountain torrent erupted violently, and the momentum was so fast that it even swept the garbage on the ground into the air.

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang was completely unmoved, like a reef in a stormy sea, facing the raging hurricane, step by step to ride the wind and waves.

"There are so many things, no wonder you know that the little princess is a noble Qingqiu countryman, and dare to commit crimes knowingly!"

Seeing that his companion failed to overwhelm others with power, the handsome and beautiful man stepped forward haughtily, mocking him with disdain.

Yuan Yutang just smiled coldly and didn't say much.

Compared with standing in front of the confrontation, he prefers to slap his face severely with practical actions.

So he shifted from a stride to a trot, then accelerated into a wild sprint.

It was too late and then it was too fast, he crossed the short section of the street in an instant, and the wind and rain suddenly appeared, sweeping towards the arrogant and domineering handsome man like the scene of a natural disaster.

"How courageous!" Seeing that Yuan Yutang dared to provoke him, the handsome and handsome man was furious, and when he raised his hand, he threw out a surging blue light.

The blue light was like a cannonball fired, speeding up in vain, and suddenly turned into a huge galloping fox, roaring and crashing into the incoming wind, rain and natural disasters.

boom!

The giant fox collided viciously with the wind, rain, and natural disasters, and a thousand layers of air waves exploded instantly. All the houses within ten feet were destroyed, which was really terrifying.

Before the diffuse dust fell to the ground, a figure shot through the air like a meteor, and the overwhelming terrifying fist shadow suddenly formed, blocking all the movement space of the handsome and beautiful man.

"Damn, do you dare to underestimate me?"

The handsome and handsome man was furious, and he ignored the terrifying shadow of the fist, but turned his head and roared behind him.

In his line of sight, Youdao's ghostly figure suddenly appeared, relentlessly killing the beautiful woman guarding Lanxi.

"How can you dare to show yourself in front of my old lady if you have such a small skill?" The beautiful woman sneered contemptuously, and the torrential demon power erupted in vain. A hundred-foot-tall six-tailed demon fox rose up from the ground like a fly, slapping the ghost with its giant claws. silhouette.

Seeing that the ghostly figure is about to be photographed into a meat paste.

Unexpectedly, at the very moment, a golden light flashed, and the ghostly figure disappeared strangely like a ghost.

"What?" The glamorous woman who felt that she was in control of the situation instantly broke her defenses and screamed in amazement.

"Don't be stupid, you fell for that cunning boy's trick, hurry and get the little princess back!"

At this time, the handsome and handsome man also broke out from the trap of the boxing net, roared angrily at the beautiful woman who was stunned in place, and then rushed forward without looking back.

At this time, the beautiful woman just woke up like a dream, and subconsciously looked at the place where Lan Xi was just now, but there was no one there, and then looked at the place where Chen Changsheng fell to the ground, and disappeared without a trace.

Suddenly, a strong sense of humiliation welled up in my heart.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

At this time, Yuan Yutang was running wildly alone under the moon, and he was already in Guobei County.

The reason why he was able to rush back to the rescue in time was naturally because Bao Inquired deliberately disclosed it in order to please him.

The pair of unbelievably handsome men and women are obviously high-level fox demons from the Qingqiu Fox Country, and they all have the cultivation base of the Great Demon Realm.

Although one-on-one Yuan Yutang is sure that he will not lose the wind, but he wants to use a single enemy

Second, if he could save Lan Xi who fell into the enemy's hands, it would be pure wishful thinking.

Since you are incapable of fighting, you can only outsmart.

Yuan Yutang keenly grasped Qingqiuhu's arrogance and stink, which was exactly the same. First, he deliberately provoked and angered the handsome and handsome man, and then temporarily trapped him with Kui Dou Xingyun from "Fist Gang", and then took advantage of the beautiful woman not to take him seriously. At that time, he decisively used the supernatural power of Tiangang to rescue Lanxi and Chen Changsheng with the golden light.

Once the hostages were out of danger, he didn't stay for a moment, and rushed out of the city, trying to lure the two furious fox demons away before they demolished Guobei County.

Of course, he also took Lan Xi and Chen Changsheng to a safe place along the way.

Now he has nothing to worry about, the only thing he needs to consider is how to keep those two fox demons behind!

Come and don't reciprocate indecently, he has never been a broad-minded person.

Since the Qingqiu demon fox dares to bully you, be prepared to pay the price!

call out!

A sudden sound of breaking through the air interrupted Yuan Yutang's contemplation, and he felt a strong danger coming. At the very moment, he activated the vertical golden light magic power again, and instantly flashed fifty feet away.

boom!

As soon as he stood firmly, there was a terrible loud noise like shaking mountains behind him, and then a terrible air wave like a twelfth-level hurricane suddenly hit.

Yuan Yutang let out a low cry, and suddenly propped up the Tai Chi force field, only to avoid being blown away by the air waves.

However, the next moment, he knew that a catastrophe was imminent.

I saw two slender figures appearing in front of and behind him, blocking the direction of his advance and retreat.

"Hand over the little princess, and I can keep your whole body!" The handsome man roared angrily like a raging lion.

The glamorous woman who had suffered a big loss was full of thoughts of crushing Yuan Yutang, and before he could answer, she jumped up in an instant and rushed towards Yuan Yutang crazily.

Yuan Yutang's face darkened, he was in a disadvantaged position and the main thing was to save his own safety, he must not foolishly confront a beautiful woman head-on, otherwise he would kill a thousand enemies and lose eight hundred, and he would only take advantage of the handsome and beautiful man in vain.

With a decision, he can calmly deal with the enemy.

The miraculous skill of vertical golden light supernatural power was repeated, and he flashed fifty feet away in an instant.

"How dare you play this trick in front of my old lady? Court death!"

Seeing Yuan Yutang use the magical power of vertical golden light, the beautiful woman couldn't help but think of the scene of being teased, she suddenly lost her mind, and with a roar, she revealed her original shape, a six-tailed giant fox with a head three feet long and two feet high, with a golden coat in green It turned into a shooting star in an instant, chasing after Yuan Yutang at top speed.

Two cold lights of disdain flashed across Yuan Yutang's eyes, and he activated his vertical golden light again to flash into the distance.

The glamorous woman is desperate, and the handsome and handsome man is not far behind, and also turns into a huge blue fur-colored giant fox to join the pursuit.

After chasing and catching up, the two sides rushed dozens of miles away in an instant.

Although Yuan Yutang's continuous use of the Zongdi Jinguang supernatural power consumed a lot, he still seemed unhurried. He took the time to look back at the two foxes who were chasing after him, and plunged into the dense forest in front of him.

The two fox demons followed closely without even thinking about it, but they didn't notice that there was a wooden sign with fallen grass next to the forest, and wrote a letter saying:

[Lan Ruoji Temple ahead, strangers are not allowed to enter! 】


		