

Qingtian Peak is one of the few famous sects with a thousand-year history in the land of China. After several dynasty changes, its status has always stood firm, which shows its profound foundation.

In the beginning, Qingtian Peak was not called Qingtian Peak, so it is said that on a certain day more than a thousand years ago, an earth dragon suddenly turned over in Yunshu Road, and countless mountains and ravines collapsed, and an ancient magic cave was shaken out of the ground rupture .

Countless old demons who came out of the storm wreak havoc on Yunshu Dao in an instant. In just half a month, nearly 30 million people in the Dao were almost eaten up, and became a forbidden place for strangers to enter.

One day, a young Taoist priest wandered here and saw the white land covered with corpses, and he immediately shot out in anger, one person with one sword, and wiped out all the demons in the Tao within a year.

Although the young Taoist priest accomplished an unprecedented feat against the sky, he was exhausted by the end of the battle.

In order to suppress the devil's cave, he gave up the chance to be reincarnated and transformed himself into a giant peak, so as to eliminate the devil's troubles in future generations for a long time.

In order to commemorate his great achievements, his descendants deliberately moved the sect to the Jufeng, respected him as the ancestor of the fairy sword, posthumously named Qingtian Sword Immortal, and then imprisoned the thorny demons that were difficult to kill in the ruins of the magic cave. Inside.

Since then, this giant peak has been named Qingtian Peak.


In a daze, Yuan Yutang was taken to a desolate place on the mountain behind the outer gate, where there were many cliffs and it was extremely difficult to walk.

The two outer disciples escorting Yuan Yutang looked flustered, and the deeper they went, the more frightened they became.

Soon the three of them came to a huge cave.

Strange to say, the huge cave, which is ten feet high and twenty feet wide, is actually welded with two extremely heavy bronze gates, which are engraved with all kinds of strange talisman arrays, giving people an indestructible and heavy feeling .

A tall and thick outer disciple came to an inconspicuous corner of the bronze gate tremblingly, took out a strange long-handled copper key from his pocket tremblingly, and inserted it into a very inconspicuous square hole with trembling hands.

The copper key was inserted into the small hole and turned to the right. Amidst the sound of heavy and complicated gears running, a small secret door was actually cracked from the seamless bronze door.

Yuan Yutang was stunned by this ingenious mechanism technology.

The pale-faced outer disciple behind him didn't have Yuan Yutang's leisurely mood. He didn't want to stay in this ghostly place for a moment. Don't blame me for being rude!"

Yuan Yutang shrugged, not bothering to care about the rudeness of the outer disciples.

Covered by his hair, his eyes shone with a strange light.

His intuition told him that the heavily guarded cave in front of him definitely had something to do with it.

According to the principle of darkness under the lamp, the more dangerous the place is, the more likely it is to hide a treasure.

He didn't expect to have the opportunity to set foot in such an important place, which happened to satisfy his heart, and there might be unexpected joy.

As for whether it will be dangerous?

Just kidding, do you really think that Daoist Yuan Yutang is a vegetarian?

Even if he couldn't beat him, he wouldn't be unable to escape with several treasures in his arms, right?


Enter the huge cave together with the two outer disciples.

It was dark all around, only the torches hewn into the rock wall along the way could provide some light.

The inside of the cave is very gloomy and cold, the top is too high to be seen, and from time to time, icy cold turbid water drops drip, causing the ground to be muddy. Stepping on the soft soil makes people feel uncomfortable from the inside out.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

After going back for more than a thousand steps, another bronze gate as tall as a city wall blocked the way.

Yuan Yutang, who can see at night, seemed to see two figures with swords behind the bronze gate.

Before approaching, someone stopped coldly in front:

"Stop, the prisoner's cave is the most important place ahead, if there is nothing important, just rely on it to kill without mercy!"

The two outer disciples, who were trembling all the way, let out a sigh of relief when they heard this.

The tall outer disciple who just opened the door trotted forward, handed over the long-handled copper key respectfully, and smiled cautiously, "Outer disciple Zhao Sanyuan has seen the guardian uncle, and was ordered by Elder Tantai to escort the criminal Zhou Anyu Thirty days in the Prisoner's Cave, come back after thirty days to check the vitality."

A sword-backed young man with a stern face took over the long-handled copper key, and after a while, he said in a deep voice, "A certain family knows, bring the criminals here, and you can leave."

The outer disciple guarding Yuan Yutang was relieved when he heard the words, and before Zhao Sanyuan came to deliver the message, he couldn't wait to take Yuan Yutang over, and immediately the two of them rushed away like burning their butts, unwilling to stay for a moment.

Yuan Yutang's relaxed and indifferent expression made the two guarding swordsmen a little confused.

What's the matter with this kid?

Don't you know that this is the Demon Prisoner's Cave where countless vicious demons have been suppressed?

What does it mean to be so indifferent after being locked up for thirty days?

The guarding swordsman who was handed over just now was probably the hot-headed type, and he didn't want Yuan Yutang to go to death without knowing it, so he immediately reminded, "Zhou An, you know that this place is murderous every step of the way, put away your carelessness, or you will die." Absolutely less than thirty days!"

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, feeling the kindness of the cold-faced swordsman, and thanked him sincerely, "Thank you for the reminder of the guarding uncle, the disciple will save himself."

The cold-faced swordsman hummed, and together with his colleagues, he opened the second secret door, and said to Yuan Yutang, "Go in, whether you can survive thirty days or not depends entirely on your luck!"

Yuan Yutang nodded gratefully, and stepped in without hesitation.

As the small door of the thick secret passage closed, the cold-faced swordsman Weiran sighed, "A certain family just saw on the psychic copper key that the little devil seemed to have accidentally killed an outer disciple in order to save the same period. With such blood, he is considered a very good embryo, but it is a pity that he was punished to suffer for 30 days here..."

The guarding swordsman who had been silent for a while laughed silently, and muttered meaningfully, "Is it a pity? Maybe..."


Inside the second bronze gate, you can't see your fingers, and there is not even a trace of visible light.

It is also thanks to Yuan Yutang's ability to see without light, otherwise he would have to be blinded.

After walking a few steps, he found that isolation rooms seemed to be opened up around him. There was not even a door, and there were a lot of dark shadows curled up in the innermost corner.

Yuan Yutang was a little curious, so he couldn't help walking to the outermost isolation room.

When he came in, he was taken aback.

In the dim isolation room, there was a lizard-headed human-shaped alien monster that was bound and hung in the air by some blood-red vines hanging from nowhere. Half of its body had rotted away, and the fists and big eyes on both sides of its head were dim. , if it wasn't for its weak movement from time to time, Yuan Yutang would have thought it was a corpse.

As if feeling the breath of a living person, the lizard monster suddenly straightened its body in the air, covered with triangular sharp teeth

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

His bloody mouth instantly opened to bite Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang was startled suddenly, and wanted to use his supernatural powers to kill the lifeless monster.

All of a sudden, the vines binding the lizard monster came alive in an instant, shining red, and suddenly shrank, making the lizard monster scream in pain.

The screams of the lizard monster seemed to have a chain reaction, and the empty and deep darkness suddenly boiled up, and all kinds of horrible screams rose and fell, like a hell.

The aura emanating from those demons who had been imprisoned for an unknown period of time made Yuan Yutang shudder.

The weakest of these monsters are all at the peak of the monster realm, and the aura of the great monster realm is everywhere. Is it the world or the ghost?

At this moment, Yuan Yutang realized that he was underestimated.

Although most of the demons imprisoned here are half-dead, but once they are surrounded by groups, I am afraid that he will not even have the chance to cast spells, and he will be eaten up.

It's okay, it's okay, now I know it's dangerous, so proceed with caution, it shouldn't be a serious problem.

After venting, those crazy demons seemed to have dissipated their grievances, and the creepy screams gradually subsided.

Yuan Yutang secretly breathed a sigh of relief, and carefully probed into the depths of the darkness.

Although he has a cultivation base of a real person, he will not die even if he does not eat or drink for a month or two, but he does not want to give up Zhou An's heavy identity for the time being.

After all, it took so much effort to get into Qingtian Peak, if he returned without success, he would be very upset.

So from Zhou An's point of view as a mortal, if he wants to do it seamlessly, the first priority is to find food and water sources, otherwise there is no way to explain how to survive these thirty days.

The further he walked in, Yuan Yutang found that the surrounding isolation rooms were empty, and there was nothing on the ground except for some ashes that could not be distinguished as dust or ashes.

When he walked through the last isolation room, there was a stone step passage that went straight down in front of him.

After hesitating for a while, Yuan Yutang walked down carefully.


At the same time, several carriages were driving towards Qingtian Peak hundreds of miles away.

The wind and snow are howling outside, but the inside of the car is as warm as spring. The spacious and comfortable cabin is covered with soft blanket cushions, and a small red clay stove is cooking a pot of warm wine.

Although the people in the car are not afraid of the severe cold, there is still something special about cooking wine in a red stove on a snowy night.

"Miss Monica, there are still more than a hundred miles to arrive at Qingtian Peak in Xiazongmen. Please taste the unique green ant wine in Yuezhou City." Warm wine.

The wine is light green in color, as clear as water, and there are dots of distiller's residues floating and sinking inside, as if soaked in countless ants.

Monica imitated Baili Yinghua and knelt on the soft cushion, took the wine glass gracefully, covered her lips and drank it down, her beautiful eyes lit up immediately, and she repeatedly praised, "This wine is mellow but not strong, and it leaves a lingering aftertaste when it enters the throat. Fragrance, it is completely different from all the good wines that the little girl has drunk in the past, it is really worthy of the treasure land of Shenzhou, and the drinks in any place are far better than the national wines of the countries of the Western Continent."

Baili Yinghua laughed loudly when she heard the words. Although she knew that the lady Monica was just complimenting her politely, she was still very happy to hear it.

The two talked happily.

Suddenly, Monica's face changed drastically, she looked towards Qingtian Peak, and shouted in shock:

"There actually came the breath of the bright cross?"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		