

"The best of both worlds?"

As soon as this remark came out, both Yuan Yutang and Tiger were stunned.

The daughter of a mountain god is unspeakably precious, and her innocence is ruined by ordinary people rashly. If the tiger does not make a gesture, I am afraid that she will lose her majesty in the future.

And Yuan Yutang insisted on saving Huang Sanlang, who was at fault first, and this matter was like a deadlock that could not be resolved.

Huang Qisu actually claimed to have a way to untie the knot?

Yuan Yutang and the tiger stopped their flags and drums at the same time, they both wanted to hear the best of both worlds strategy that Huang Qisu said.

Smiling confidently, Huang Qisu said inscrutablely, "In fact, this matter is easier said than done, and it is not difficult to say it is difficult. You just need to sort out the key points of the problem, and it will be solved naturally."

"Old thief, don't play tricks, tell me quickly!" The tiger could no longer hold back his petulant temper, and urged him all over his body.

To be honest, he didn't want to marry Huang Sanlang, a mortal, with his favorite child.

But there is no way, the daughter's innocence has been corrupted, apart from pinching her nose to recognize the cheap son-in-law, she can only kill Huang Sanlang.

The problem is that he is a majestic mountain god, how can he kill people at will?

If there is a way to save his face, that would be the best.

Yuan Yutang was not as anxious as the tiger, but quietly waited for Huang Qili's next words.

"Hehe." Huang Qisu smiled slowly, "Don't be impatient, and listen to the old man's analysis slowly."

"First of all, we need to find out where the root of the conflict is, so that we can reach a consensus. Are the two old men right?"

Both Yuan Yutang and Tiger subconsciously nodded.

If you want to negotiate a solution acceptable to both parties, consensus is indeed the most important basis.

Huang Qisu didn't hold back anymore, and simply said directly, "I think the most important thing is how to find another son-in-law for my niece and daughter who have lost their innocence."

"As long as your niece and daughter have a good match, can you save your face?" Huang Qisu smiled and pointed to the dark-faced tiger, then pointed to Yuan Yutang and said, "When the time comes, the mortal you want to save There's no reason why it's worth it."

"Solving this way, both parties are satisfied, isn't it a best-of-both-worlds solution?"

"fart!"

Before Yuan Yutang could answer, the tiger cursed in vain, "You old thief, you are so ignorant! Could it be that my daughter has fallen in price to the point that anyone can marry it? I knew you would say such a stupid thing." Yan, I kicked you out early!"

Huang Qisu was not annoyed by being sprayed with saliva all over his face, "Is that so? If the son-in-law I choose for my niece is Huang Yulang, the great-great-great-grandson who is Huang Qi's favorite, wouldn't he be able to fall into the eyes of a reckless man like you?"

The tiger who was scolding suddenly choked when he heard the words, and it took a moment to react, and he said in disbelief, "You, don't talk nonsense in front of me, Mr. Huang Qi is really willing to let Huang Yulang marry my daughter? And still Knowing that she is innocent and at fault?"

Huang Qisu didn't answer directly, but asked with a smile, "Don't worry about these, anyway, I'll just ask you, if my Huang Yulang is your son-in-law, would you be willing or not!"

"Yes, of course!" Tiger smiled so hard that his eyes were crooked, fearing that Huang Qisu would suddenly regret it, he hurriedly agreed.

Yuan Yutang kept silent, but he thought in his heart that Huang Yulang must be an amazing and talented junior of the Huang family in the Northeast, otherwise he would not be so satisfied.

It's just that there is never such a good thing as the world's pie, since Huang Qisu has done this for him to break the situation, he must pray to him.

The higher the price paid, the higher the difficulty of what one wants.

Inexplicably

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, Yuan Yutang felt an ominous premonition in his heart.

Sure enough, after appeasing the tiger, Huang Qisu smiled at Yuan Yutang, "Yuan Daochang, although you are kind to our Huang family, but the brothers clearly settle accounts, the old man has done you such a big favor, you have to pay for it." Say it?"

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang sighed quietly, thinking that what should come will still come, and in the future, don't let good people die again.

"Mr. Huang, if you want anything, just ask, as long as you don't violate the morals of poverty and do what you can, you will definitely go all out."

"Happy!" A sly gleam flashed in Huang Qisu's eyes, and he praised, "Yuan Daochang really spoke quickly, and the old man had no choice but to complain."


The sky was pale, and the darkness that had shrouded the night gradually faded away.

The two elders of the Huang family walked around the house worriedly.

It's almost one night, and the little fairy hasn't come back yet, so there won't be any surprises, right?

Thinking of Yuan Yutang's safety, and thinking of his dying son, the two elders felt as if they were being pinched.

The old man Huang glanced at Lan Xi, who was sleeping heartlessly on the table, and said bitterly to his wife, "Old lady, do you think I made a mistake this time? What if there is really something wrong with Xiao Xianchang?" , how should we face the girl?"

My wife is an uninitiated rural woman. When she heard her husband's words, she couldn't help wiping her tears and sobbed, "Son, my poor son, why don't the old man open his eyes, woooooo~"

The old man Huang was so dizzy from his wife crying, he couldn't help scolding, "Why are you crying, the whole body knows how to cry, shut up!"

Accustomed to the majesty of her husband, the wife suddenly fell silent.

Just when Old Man Huang couldn't help but want to go out to find someone, suddenly the door was pushed open.

"You two old men, I've been waiting for a long time."

It was Yuan Yutang who came in with a tired face.

The two elders froze for a moment, then were overjoyed, and hurried forward to ask about the situation.

Yuan Yutang interrupted feebly, "Wait a minute, the poor should rescue your son immediately, don't delay the opportunity."

The two elders were overjoyed just now, but now they are pleasantly surprised, but remember Yuan Yutang's order not to disturb.

Yuan Yutang used a little trick to send Huang Sanlang's soul back to his body.

The second elder looked at his waking son sobbing, and was so excited that he knelt down to thank him again.

Yuan Yutang persuaded him for a long time, and finally persuaded the second elder.

Regardless of rest, he directly woke up Lanxi who was soundly asleep, and hurried away.

A few days later, the two finally crossed the Baili Mountains and came to Yunzhou City.

Yunzhou is close to the estuary of the Banlan River, with many piers and waterways extending in all directions, it can be regarded as the center of the northern waters.

Yuan Yutang chartered a two-story painting boat in the local Cao Gang, and prepared to sail down the river to Shaozhou.

When the boat was leaving, Lan Xi was horrified to find that Yuan Yutang hadn't come up, so she became anxious at that moment, "Master, where are you going?"

Yuan Yutang said solemnly, "I'm going to do something urgent, and it's not convenient to take you with me, so you can obediently go to Shaozhou and wait for me, and I'll meet you as soon as I'm done."

Lan Xi's beautiful eyes turned red, and crystal tears flowed down her cheeks. She swallowed even more, "Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo"

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly with some toothache, "Don't be stupid, I really have something urgent to deal with, and even if I want to leave you behind, there's no reason for me to call on Chitu and Brother Pingtou, right?"

Hearing the words, he was stunned, but he didn't realize why he was inferior to the two beasts in Yuan Yutang's eyes. He broke through his tears and laughed, "Really? Don't lie to me, it's better to be chased by others."

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The ends of the earth will find you too! "

Yuan Yutang perfunctorily said impatiently, "It's true, it's truer than pearls... The boatman, hurry up and set sail, it's almost noon."

Being scolded for no reason, the boatman with a bruised nose and a swollen face dared not speak out, so he had to sail away in aggrieved manner.

Looking at the gradually shrinking silhouette of the painting boat, Yuan Yutang felt relaxed, reluctant, and helpless, mixed with a faint expectation.

He didn't lie, but the next thing to do was not suitable for Lan Xi to be around.

because……

He is going to visit the brothel.

To be precise, it was going to the Tianxiang Pavilion, the largest red building in Taizhou City, the capital of Sanshan Road, to do something. This was exactly the exchange condition Huang Qili proposed.

At that time, he was almost shocked when he heard Huang Qisu's conditions.

In two lifetimes, he had never heard of such an outrageous exchange condition.

Actually want a thirteen-year-old boy to go to the place of fireworks?

It's outrageous. Open up the door to Outrageous-Incredible's home! !

Instinctively knew that there must be something else going on, but the treacherous and cunning Huang Qisu refused to speak out, determined that he would agree to his conditions.

After a difficult ideological struggle, he was still 'forced' to agree to Huang Qisu's conditions.

Well, it was really forced, and there was absolutely no element of voluntary joy in it.

That's why he tried every means to get rid of Lanxi.

As for Lanxi's safety, he was fully prepared.

On the surface, he had already 'communicated' with the Local Shecao Gang to which Huafang belonged, and 'persuaded' dozens of experts in the Cave Gang, and secretly asked Huang Qisu to arrange for the fairy family to protect them all the way.

That's why he was relieved to let Lan Xi go on the road alone.

Otherwise, with Lanxi's temperament, he would be extremely lucky not to get lost.

After making arrangements for Lanxi, Yuan Yutang hired a carriage in Yunzhou, and headed for the capital Taizhou with anxiety and anticipation.


Ten days later, it was rare for an early snow to fall on the long-drought Sanshan Road.

The auspicious snow heralds a good year. This proverb does not apply to the Sanshan Road. Snow does not solve the drought problem, but brings disaster to the displaced people.

In the long cold night, countless lives will never see the sunshine of the next day.

It was getting late, and sparse snowflakes were falling in the air.

In front of the gate of Tianxiang Pavilion, two welcoming young men in blue sackcloth had just lit a few lighting lanterns, then hid behind the stone lions to escape the cold.

There is no way, it’s okay if it doesn’t snow, but when it snows, people will freeze to death.

It's still early, and there should be no guests for the time being, so if you don't hide, would you be foolish enough to eat the northwest wind?

When the two young men were happily discussing which sister in the cabinet was the most beautiful, a sudden sound of horseshoes approaching from a distance interrupted their fish fishing.

I hurried out to have a look, and saw a luxurious carriage parked at the door.

Anyone who can get in touch with the welcoming boy has a little bit of eyesight.

When the two of them saw the luxury of the carriage, they knew that a high-ranking guest was coming, so they hurried forward to lead the horse to open the door, and waited on them attentively.

A handsome young man dressed in brocade clothes and with a haughty look got out of the car, casually admired two gold leaves, and laughed wildly, "I heard that the girl in Tianxiang Pavilion is beautiful, so I came here today to see it. And go tell the bustard, if you can't satisfy me, beware that the building will be demolished for you!"

The two servants looked at each other quickly without caring about being happy, and one of them hurried back to report.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		