

Yang Kai was born in the main line of the Huaiyang Yang family, a wealthy family in Tianshui. The Taizu had the merits of following the dragon, and he made great contributions to protecting his descendants for more than 300 years. His power spread all over the military and political circles.

Although he has no hope of inheriting the position of Patriarch because of the difference between the concubine and his concubine, but relying on his personal bravery and solid combat exploits, he can still find another way to break out of the other side of the world.

Since Yang Kai's debut, he has gone through nearly a hundred battles, big and small, without a single defeat. If it wasn't for his character, how could he be in his late forties and still be a shitty official like the general of a state.

It's just that he doesn't care much about the level of his official position, but enjoys the life of the emperor of Tu, who is far away from Emperor Gao today.

His biggest shortcoming is that he is narrow-minded and cruel to kill, which is actually beyond the scope of character defects, and can be completely classified as a psychopath.

Once in the downtown area, he heard a group of people unintentionally ridiculing a few rumors about him, so he led troops into the city overnight and killed all the people present at that time, even his relatives and livestock. It can be said that no grass will grow.

It's just such a domineering and cold-blooded man, but he pays special attention to family affection. I have to say that there are so many wonders in the world.

About ten years ago, one of his family members acted recklessly in Shaozhou. He kidnapped a good woman in the street. He was shot by a miscellaneous old man out of righteousness and destroyed the evil sons and grandchildren's temple. This directly angered him.

In order to avenge his clan brothers, he disregarded taboos and mobilized the Ma Kuizi Battalion of the state defense troops without order to come out and chop the nosy old man into meat.

Yang Kai has always believed in the belief of cutting grass and roots, since he killed one, he doesn't care about cutting more.

Knowing that the old Taoist came from a small local sect and had only one disciple, he led people to kill him up the mountain overnight, vowing to make it happen.

It's a pity that I don't know if it's a coincidence or if the surviving species heard the news and ran away ahead of time, but they still returned in vain.

The furious Yang Kai immediately ordered that as long as the descendants of that sect dared to take the lead in Shaozhou in the future, he would kill without mercy!

Ten years passed in a hurry, and today when he was receiving the son of an old friend who came to ask for help, he heard that someone from the shrine had tipped off the news, saying that a descendant of the sect that made him lose face had emerged.

The vindictive Yang Kai almost jumped up happily when he heard it.

He has a quirk, that is, if he doesn't kill the whole family of the enemy, he will have trouble sleeping and eating, so he has been unresolved for ten years.

Finally knowing the whereabouts of the enemy, how could he not be ecstatic?

Needless to say, he had to be killed to be reconciled, so he immediately led his troops to set up an ambush on the only way to Jingshan, this time vowing to uproot the Jingshan sect.

On the dirt slope twenty feet away from the ambush site, two figures were watching the battle excitedly.

One person is as rich as jade, handsome and elegant, but the fierceness between his eyebrows destroys that bookishness.

One person was wretched and unruly, with a ferocious face, staring at the brightly lit place, wishing to step forward and participate in it.

The one who hated Yuan Yutang so much in Shaozhou was naturally the son of a rich family, Ye Liangchen, who had been severely humiliated by him, and the ancestral hall.

It is reasonable to say that a rich man like Ye Liangchen would disdain to be with the lowly porter, but now he is standing side by side abnormally, which is naturally strange.

That's right, the concierge has a lot of background, he is Li Yue, the younger brother of Li Wei, the servant of Shaozhou Temple.

Night Breeze vaguely conveyed Yang Kai's arrogant words to the ears of the two, making the two of them who wished to crush Yuan Yutang into ashes as comfortable as if they had eaten iced watermelon during the dog days.

"Yes, it is necessary to humiliate him like this!" Li Yue gritted his teeth and said fiercely, "A wild Taoist priest from a small sect dares to be arrogant in Shaozhou, he really does not know what to do!"

Ye Liangchen maintained his identity and didn't talk to him, but the hatred in his eyes had already betrayed his thoughts.

In the hopeful eyes of the two, the fierce battle finally broke out.

"Madman, I want you to die a thousand times worse than my master!"

Hearing that the enemy who killed the master and caused the master to leave his hometown is in front of him, Yuan Yutang couldn't bear it anymore, so he immediately attacked with hatred.

boom!

The terrifying aura erupted like mountains and seas, sweeping ferociously in all directions, and a gust of wind was stirred up.

With a punch, it was like a shock.

Yang Kai, who was extremely arrogant just now, suddenly felt his heart skip a beat, and he lost his mind for a moment.

He had never expected that the Huangkou Lizi in front of him would have such a terrifying aura.

However, the instinct that is still alive after a hundred battles still plays a role in time, without going through the brain, the body will naturally take measures to resist the enemy.

The heavy halberd weighing over a hundred catties suddenly returned to the defense like a spirit snake, blocking Yuan Yutang's powerful punch with a split second.

bump!

A circle of air waves erupted visible to the naked eye. At this time, Yang Kai was horrified to find that the iron-cut halberd edge not only failed to cut through Yuan Yutang's fist as he wished, but was deformed and bent, and might break at any time.

Seeing that the eucalyptus was about to be hit by Lian Xiao and hit him, fortunately, the horse under his crotch, Wuyun Tacue, was psychic, and he strode back without being forced, which allowed Yang Kai to escape.

Yuan Yutang looks like a madman, his fists are flooding like a river, and he is out of control, like a tarsal maggot.

In an instant, retreating and rushing, the two retreated nearly ten feet in vain.

Yang Kai groaned madly in his heart, knowing that he kicked the iron plate this time, he wanted to ask for help, but he couldn't speak, he couldn't help being startled and afraid.

This dramatic change was so fast that the surrounding sergeants didn't even realize it, and Yuan Yutang almost pushed Yang Kai out of the encirclement.

Can't wait any longer!

Knowing that any further hesitation would result in a failure, Yang Kai put his heart on the line and slammed his heel on the stirrup on the way to retreat.

There was only a click and a sound of the chain being tightened, and four cold lights erupted without warning like a gap in the gap.

Whoosh!

Yuan Yutang was taken aback by the sudden plot, and it was too late to dodge at this time, so he could only grit his teeth and immediately cast the "Silent Talisman Armor" and the Tai Chi force field of "Fist Gang" to resist.

Bang, clang, poof!

Three deafening sounds of gold and iron clashing made his scalp numb, but the hastily launched double defense could only resist three cold lights, and the last cold light drove straight in, piercing his right shoulder in an instant, bursting with blood.

Yang Kai, who was overwhelmed and out of breath, keenly grasped the fleeting turning point, swung his hips vigorously, and kicked the injured Yuan Yutang away.

Yuan Yutang, who was kicked back to the center of the siege again, fell heavily to the ground. Following the strange tingling sensation from the traumatized patient, his heart sank.

That hidden weapon is poisonous!

Unexpectedly, under the careless plan, the toxin seemed to evaporate very quickly, and he was about to lose the feeling in his right arm in a few breaths.

Yang Kai, who narrowly escaped death, panted heavily, his heart beating so violently that it almost jumped out of his chest.

It's dangerous...

I really didn't expect that young man's strength to be so terrifying, he almost capsized in the gutter.

Fortunately, he had a trump card, so he saved the day in time.

But after rejoicing, he felt distressed again.

The life-saving trump card was installed on the saddle by a skilled craftsman from Tianji Villa after he worked hard, and it would not be an exaggeration to say that it is priceless.

Unexpectedly, it was wasted in the siege that I thought was a sure thing.

Surprised and angry, Yang Kai roared, "Boys, the whole army is going to attack, whoever can cut off the dog's head of that villain will be rewarded with a hundred gold and two ranks up!"

The so-called gentleman does not stand under a dangerous wall, Yang Kai, who has suffered a big loss once, dare not charge forward in person again.

And under the heavy reward, there must be a brave man, and the sergeants who lived by licking blood from the knife's edge immediately turned red when they heard Yang Kai's promise.

Yang Kai may be wrong in everything, but he is famous for his promise.

Now that riches and honor are in front of our eyes, how can these embryo killers bear it?

"kill!"

The sound of shouting and killing almost shattered the dark clouds in the night sky. The 1,500 soldiers of the Kuizi Battalion present were not comparable to ordinary local government soldiers. He is a tough man, well-trained, with a certain amount of advance and retreat, and fighting has long been an instinct.

Without command, they immediately strictly followed the marching minutes. First, three hundred archers launched long-range strikes.

Whoosh!

More than 300 armor-piercing arrows shot out like locusts grazing the sun, whistling.

Immediately afterwards, two hundred elite musketeers lined up and fired in three volleys.

bang bang bang!

The burning of gunpowder caused thick smoke, and two hundred projectiles carrying terrible kinetic energy struck mercilessly.

Then a hundred cavalry charged forward, and the heavy hooves almost smashed the ground.

In the end, the 900 sturdy infantry marched forward with a neat pace that never retreated, with a kind of awe-inspiring momentum that crushed everything.

Yang Kai, who was hiding behind, couldn't help nodding his head in satisfaction, the confidence that had just been thwarted reappeared, and a mocking sneer rose from the corner of his mouth.

Violating the ban with martial arts and breaking the discipline with art?

I bother!

Do you really think that the imperial court can't do anything about you warlocks and warriors?

I don't know how many warlocks and warriors who don't know how to live or die have been tortured and killed by the army in a year, can you bear it?

It is true that martial arts warriors are far superior to ordinary people, but they do not know that the army has already had a perfect coping strategy.

To deal with martial arts warlocks, there is no need to fight alone, the consumption alone is enough to consume them to death.

The first is the long-distance attack of arrows and firecrackers, then the cavalry charges, and finally the infantry drives straight in.

As long as it is not the legendary earth immortal, as long as there are enough soldiers, there is no enemy that cannot be defeated, not even a master or a human immortal. Otherwise, how could the secular world be decided by the court?

Just when Yang Kai was fully expecting Yuan Yutang to follow in the footsteps of his master and be crushed into meat paste by the army, Yuan Yutang, who was under heavy blow, moved.

First, the violent and unexplained gust of wind and rain blew away the incoming arrow rain, then the wall-like air wave blocked the swift projectiles, and then the electric arc generated out of thin air quickly overturned the charging cavalry.

When the triple murderous intent collapsed, Yuan Yutang single-handedly charged into the densely packed infantry phalanx with great momentum, and suddenly a group of people turned their backs on their backs.

Yang Kai's eyes widened suddenly, his face was full of disbelief.

Soon the sturdy shouts turned into shrill screams.

Not long after, a ghostly figure pierced through the infantry phalanx and rushed to Yang Kai in an instant.

Yang Kai gasped, and subconsciously wanted to run away.

Unfortunately, the next moment, he suddenly felt a pain in his chest, and the figure brushed past him.

Yuan Yutang crushed the freshly picked heart in his hand, and said with a bloody grim smile:

"I told you that your fate will be a hundred times worse than my master's. Accept the punishment, scum!"

Yang Kai's mind was in a daze, before he had time to refute, his body swelled up in vain, and even people and horses exploded into blood mist.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 12: Great Retribution




		