

On the twenty-seventh day of the first lunar month, night.

Yuezhou Qingtian Peak.

The moonlight is bright tonight, and the towering mountains beyond Qingtian Peak seem to be covered with a layer of silver veil, winding for thousands of miles, very magnificent, just like a legendary fairyland.

Rarely, a lot of people gathered beside the Moon Pool of Qingtian Peak, but none of the disciples of Qingtian Peak who hadn't gone out was left behind, including the new rookie and Monica, all of them were here one by one.

Everyone looks different, with excitement, anticipation, longing, and more... worry.

The beautiful Elder Lanyue, dressed in red like fire, with blue hair like a waterfall, is standing quietly on the balcony of the second-floor building, with beautiful eyes, looking quietly at the lonely figure sitting cross-legged in the middle of the moon pool, I can't come back to God for a long time.

After an unknown amount of time, two footsteps, one light and one heavy, came from behind, bringing her thoughts back and forth to reality.

"Junior Sister, you... really don't intend to confide in Jianshou?"

With a bitter face, Tan Taile revealed Elder Lanyue's most invisible secret in front of Yuan Yutang in a majestic way.

Elder Lanyue returned the same bitter smile and said sadly, "Senior brother Tantai, we have known each other for more than sixty years, don't you know him well?

Sword... Brother Jie has nothing but a sword in his life. How can I make him suffer because of my own selfish desires? "

Tan Taile opened his mouth, but was finally speechless.

Yuan Yutang looked serious with a sullen little face, as if he was deaf, faithfully playing the role of a stone man.

Tonight is a big day.

This is the consensus in the hearts of all interested people.

No matter what the final result is, it will rewrite the general trend of the world.

So since the day before yesterday, the surrounding mountains have been occupied by countless strangers.

It can be said that there is no mortal within a hundred miles.

because.

Tonight is the seventh day of the world's one sword Shen Tujie's tribulation!


On Baitou Mountain, which is more than seventy miles away from Qingtian Peak, there is a strange pair of master and apprentice chatting.

The reason why it is strange is because the apprentice among the master and apprentice is actually a gray-haired old man, while the master is a little loli carved with jade.

The little girl happily licked the string of candied haws. It would be even more wonderful if she ignored the chattering in her ears.

"Master, I heard that no one can survive the seventh catastrophe in two hundred years, is that true?"

"Master, do you think Qingtian Peak has hidden Shen Tongzi?"

"Master, is Qingtian Peak really so lonely that he would rather die than bow his head to ask us for help?"

"Master..."

The veins on the little loli's forehead were throbbing, and finally she couldn't bear it any longer. She took the drooling candied haws and lashed at the old apprentice, cursing as she smoked:

"As long as you can say it, as long as you can say it, haven't you spoken in your previous life, can't you let the teacher have a moment of peace?"

After little Lolita's unremitting efforts and earnest teaching, the old apprentice who didn't have a long memory finally learned to shut up.

It's just that not long after, the old apprentice seemed to be a little old-fashioned, and his mouth was itchy. _o_m

She knows her own family affairs, and little Lolita knows that if the old apprentice is not allowed to have enough mouthfuls, he may not be at peace all night, so she can't help but say angrily, "Three questions, if you dare to say one more word after asking, you will be expelled immediately!" "

The old apprentice was not annoyed but happy when he heard the words, nodded hurriedly, and hurriedly asked the question that was about to suffocate him:

"Master, is Shen Tujie really doomed this time?"

"pretty close."

"Master, at this time, Qingtian Peak really won't ask for help?"

"All sword cultivators are like stones in a latrine, smelly and hard. If you expect them to bow their heads, it is better to pray for the sun to rise from the west tomorrow..."

"Master..."

"the last one!"

The old apprentice's face collapsed when he heard the words, there is no more painful punishment than not letting a broken-mouthed person speak.

Although he still had a lot to say, but due to the teacher's request, he decided to save the last question and ask it when he couldn't help it.

Because the master is not good at anything, there is only one thing that is recognized by the world as sincerity.

Walk the talk….


Little Lolita, who finally got a moment of peace, was finally happy and began to think about big things.

Looking around, although the surrounding area is calm, it is impossible to know how many undercurrents are surging under the water surface.

Although those sword lunatics in Qingtian Peak hate it, in the final analysis, the orthodox Qiyi sect of Xuanmen in the world are all prosperous. As the head of the Daoist sect, it is impossible for her to watch Qingtian Peak be besieged by demons and be expelled.

But bodhisattvas are afraid of causes, and earth immortals are afraid of effects.

An expert at the level of Little Lolita is most afraid of messing with cause and effect for no reason.

But for the sake of the overall situation of the world, she still came.

If Qing Tianfeng really would rather die than ask for help, she would not insist on sticking her hot face to someone else's cold ass.

But if Qing Tianfeng figured it out, then she would make a move without hesitation.

In this way, regardless of whether she can ascend smoothly in the future, this favor alone is enough to keep future generations safe for three hundred years.

As a large Tianshan Child Elder, she has the confidence to be able to defend Qingtian Peak.


Coincidentally, there is an old monk who is more than three hundred miles away from Mount Baitu with the same plan as Tianshan Child Elder.

"Amitabha, the head of the White Horse Temple is cool and unrestrained..."


There is a small boat on the Banlan River that goes with the waves, and a middle-aged literati in Confucian shirt sits on the prow, his deep eyes look through the mountains, and he mutters to himself, "Brother Shentu, don't make mistakes, what better is it to survive?" It's all important, as long as you speak, Zhuge Lanyue will definitely keep Qingtian Peak's inheritance..."


In the chaotic void, there is a huge black shadow as terrifying as a continent cruising.


There is a pair of fierce eyes as big as a lake staring at Qingtian Peak without blinking.


Like the eve of a storm, the atmosphere was so oppressive that even the air flow stagnated.

At this moment, it seemed that the eyes of the whole world were all on Qingtian Peak. @

Time passed bit by bit until midnight.

The night sky, which had been quiet for half the night, suddenly became stormy, dark clouds overwhelming the world.

Boom, boom, boom~

A terrifying aura brewed from above the clouds that made all living beings in the world feel palpitations.

The pitch-black sky seemed to be collapsing, and some Qingtian Peak disciples with low cultivation bases and rookies who hadn't practiced Taoism instantly collapsed to the ground, fighting with each other, unable to control themselves in fear.

Even though the legs of the elite disciples between the senior monks and the peak real people were already shaking like sieves, they still clenched their teeth and struggled to support them, and soon fell down in pieces like cut ears of wheat.

The dozen or so elders in the fairyland seem to be calm and calm, but inside they are crying bitterly.

On the small building by the lake, Tantai let out his vigor, holding the whole small building like an upside-down bowl, and also kept the weak Yuan Yutang safe.

Yuan Yutang stared dumbfounded at the dark cloud layer above his head with lightning arcs, and was so shocked that he couldn't speak.

This is the power of Heavenly Tribulation.

Before it comes, all living beings will surrender.

So scary! !

Shen Tujie, who had been sitting cross-legged in the middle of the Moon Pool to recharge his batteries for a long time, suddenly opened his eyes.

In a daze, everyone in Fangli seemed to hear the sound of Qing Yue's sword being drawn out of its sheath.

This sound is brilliant, like the sound of the nine heavens, cutting off the fear in the hearts of the world.

The Flying Flying Sword of Fate on the knee seemed to feel the master's intentions, and immediately unsheathed automatically, turning into a streamer of light and flying around Shentujie, making low-pitched sword sounds from time to time, as if provoking Jieyun in the sky.

"Hahaha, no fear, you really understand my intentions!"

Shen Tujie burst into a burst of passionate laughter, slowly got up on his knees, looked up at Jieyun who was getting more and more violent, his eyes were full of fearlessness eager to try.

Elder Lanyue watched Shentujie, accompanied by Feijian Wushou, advance instead of retreat, stepping on the air towards Jieyun step by step, tears streaming down his face silently, and his delicate red lips were bitten bloodless.

"Still so confident, still so fearless, you are still him, and you haven't changed at all..."

Listening to Lan Yue's heartbroken ravings, even with Tan Taile's incomprehensible style, she couldn't help but feel her nose hurt and couldn't help but turn her head away.

Just under everyone's gaze.

With his hands behind his back, Shen Tujie walked up to the height of hundreds of feet like a leisurely stroll, spread his hands, and said with a long and bold smile, "How can such a beautiful day be beautiful without the company of a good sword and beauty?"

"Go, and bring a jar of fine wine for me!"

Suddenly, Feijian Wuwei shot into the distance in an instant, and returned with a jar of wine in his breath. @*~~

After receiving the wine jar, Shen Tujie didn't move, the mud seal on the wine jar was automatically shattered, the tarpaulin was lifted off, and the jar was used freely.

Fearless and excited, Feijian whirled up and down like a dancing companion.

Half an hectare, the wine jar is empty.

Shen Tujie laughed wantonly, shook the wine jar as if drunk, and shouted, "Sword!"

The dancing flying sword came through the air with a whoosh, and fell firmly into Shentujie's palm.

Shen Tujie was mad, flying wantonly, pointed at Jieyun with his sword, and shouted loudly, "I, Shen Tujie, was six years old and held a sword. I practiced three nine times in winter and three days in summer. I swung my sword 10,000 times a day. For more than sixty years Never stop, there is nothing but a sword in this life!"

"For so many years, there have been countless masters who have died under the sword of this seat!

Today I'm going to fight Er Zhi Jie Yun, don't let me down, hahaha! "

Boom~Long~

Before the words fell, Jieyun seemed to be enraged, and the long-simmering terrifying aura finally broke out, and a blue thunderbolt as thick as a mountain descended extremely quickly.

"Hahaha, there is poetry in the world, the sword energy spans thirty thousand miles, and the light of a sword coldens fourteen states."

"Tonight, I want to let the world know, what are the Guanghan and Fourteen States?"

"Let's look at Jianyi of this seat, Jianyao Daxia!"

In an instant, a bright sword light swirled past, the sky and the earth turned pale, and the mountains and rivers collapsed.

Every corner of the entire Great Xia seems to be amazed by this unparalleled sword.

Some people's hearts are higher than the sky, and they know that the brilliance of fireworks is only a moment of beauty, and they are always pursuing the momentary bloom tirelessly.

Shen Tujie really managed to make the sword shine in Daxia!

It's a pity that after such a stunning sword strike, the way of swordsmanship will fall into the eternal silence that is as long as night.

I don't know how long it will take before someone can replicate today's miracle.

Moments later, everything was calm.

The robbery cloud in the sky seemed to be split by a sword, and the terrifying robbery thunder disappeared.

Shen Tujie also disappeared together with this.

Yuan Yutang suppressed his eyesight and looked intently, and saw a light ball like a sword embryo floating in the sky that was rapidly dissipating.

In an instant, countless terrifying auras shot up into the sky, pointing directly at the disappearing ball of light! .


		