

"Namo Amitabha!"

The compassionate and solemn sound of the Buddha's singing reverberates between the heaven and the earth.

A group of wandering corpses in front of them just broke through the ground, and when they met the Buddha's voice, they howled and vanished like snow meeting the scorching sun.

Yuan Yutang was amazed at the rear.

The Buddhist orthodox sect is indeed invincible in the face of evil things.

You can see that Baiyun purified hundreds of wandering corpses without much effort.

It's just that after teasing, his heart can't help but heavy.

At this time, the land of Lanruo Temple has already turned into a purgatory on earth, and all kinds of terrifying monsters and ghosts gather here. Not long after he and Baiyun came out of the tree hole, they encountered three waves of monsters attacking.

Although the three waves of monsters were just low-level monsters, they also showed the seriousness of the situation from the side.

"My Buddha is merciful, please show my disciples how to save this purgatory." Bai Yun's little face was full of grief, and he folded his hands in pain and prayed.

Yuan Yutang picked him up and put him on his shoulders, and said with a hearty smile, "What are you thinking, the Buddha is very busy and has no time to listen to your prayers. The world is about the world, why do you think so much, push it all the way Isn’t the past just over? I don’t believe that there are any difficulties in this world that can block the way of our two brothers!”

Bai Yun was not as optimistic as Yuan Yutang, so he had no choice but to smile wryly.

"Roar~"

Only less than ten feet away from the wandering corpses, dozens of half-human, half-wolf beasts sprang out in vain, roaring wildly and rushing towards them.

Yuan Yutang put Baiyun down with a playful smile, "Go, I will definitely kill you if I make a move, I'll let you do it."

Baiyun rolled his eyes angrily, and used practical actions to accuse Yuan Yutang of shameless behavior of stealing girls for tricks, but he didn't refuse, and Baoxiang solemnly walked forward with palms together, reciting scriptures.

For a moment, Yuan Yutang had an illusion in a trance.

In his eyes, Baiyun's immature and thin back is like a Buddha walking in the world.

Naturally, wolves, which are not even monsters, can't trouble Baiyun, who is profound in Buddhism.

Just after the appetizers, the real test is coming.

A white vicious ape with red eyes, more than one foot tall, and a muscular body.

A huge cyan python with three heads in one body and a sarcoma on its forehead, ten feet away.

Two monsters with soaring demonic aura blocked Yuan Yutang's way.

Another two monsters!

Bai Yun had a rare child's psychic attack, his fat face swelled into a bun shape, and he muttered angrily, "Crow's mouth!"

Yuan Yutang shook his head and laughed dryly.

Seeing Yuan Yutang and the others laughing and playing as if no one else was around, the two monsters immediately became angry, and the surging monster energy erupted like a hurricane, and two real wires crushed them.

In the next second, the two monsters were dumbfounded.

Using power to overwhelm others is a common method used by high-level warlocks against low-level warlocks, and it has been tried and tested under normal circumstances.

But those two monsters obviously miscalculated.

It is true that the two of Yuan Yutang are only in the middle level of the Daoist Realm (Mage Realm).

but!

One is a peerless man with rare treasures, and the other is a Buddha son who is born with wisdom roots and can become a Bodhisattva in the future.

How can you be afraid of mere momentum?

Yuan Yutang and Baiyun looked at each other, and suddenly burst into laughter, as if hearing a super funny joke.

"Hahaha, little bald head, which one do you want?" Yuan Yutang asked, leaning back with a smile.

Baiyun was also distracted, and he laughed out of shape and laughed, "Hahaha, benefactor, you can do whatever you want, I have no objections~"

"Zhuzi, this king is the great demon White Ape King of the Luokou Mountain Range, how dare you underestimate this king!"

"When this king captures you, you will fry your skin and bones, and you will still be able to laugh when you see it!!"

The white-haired giant ape was huge in size and also had a fiery temper, roaring and swooping towards him.

Yuan Yutang wiped his tears with a smile, and smiled at Baiyun, "Someone is waiting for you!"

I can't wait to reincarnate, so I'm not welcome! "

Bai Yun was happy to offer a hand and said, "You don't have to do anything, the monk promises that no one will disturb your battle."

Nodding his head, Yuan Yutang's face became serious, the playful look disappeared, and the golden light flashed, and disappeared in an instant.

The three-headed giant python was about to move, Bai Yun stepped forward, but seemed to shrink into an inch, and immediately covered dozens of steps to come to it, with a rare look of anger and said, "You beast, your opponent is me, the little monk!"

You can disrespect the enemy, but you cannot disrespect power.

Logically speaking, Yuan Yutang and the others are not arrogant and domineering people, it is impossible to understand this simple truth, they should not be so rude to those two monsters who have reached the peak of the demon realm, especially Bai Yun.

When things go wrong, there must be a demon. The answer is actually very simple.

That is, the evil spirit of blood on these two monsters is too strong.

If it weren't for thousands of innocent people being swallowed by it, it is absolutely impossible to condense such a thick blood evil spirit on his body.

In other words, these two monsters feed on people and kill countless murderers.

For such a murderer, even if he is as well-cultivated as Baiyun, it is difficult to suppress his anger.

boom!

A loud noise like a thunderbolt from the blue sky suddenly exploded, and two black figures in the air collided fiercely and fiercely, with such force that ripples visible to the naked eye even swayed in the air.

"What a beast with astonishing brute strength, it would be a waste of talent not to take it to mine." Yuan Yutang landed on the ground and stepped on two big holes, while moving his sore arms, he grinned mockingly.

After hearing this, the white-haired giant ape twisted his face, tore off his giant arm, and unexpectedly shot a piercing wind blade in the air, roaring like thunder and shooting at Yuan Yutang.

"Shut up, shut up!"

Yuan Yutang smiled contemptuously, put his arms on the shelves, and did not dodge or dodge, and shook the incoming wind blade on the spot.

bump!

When the wind blade collided with Yuan Yutang's bridge arm, it shattered like a chicken egg hitting a rock.

But Yuan Yutang was unscathed, but was pushed seven or eight feet abruptly by the terrifying force, leaving two deep ravines in the ground.

Immediately afterwards, the white-haired giant ape rushed over quickly, roaring and punching out.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, and the blood in his body boiled instantly, and there was a sound of huge waves hitting the shore.

When the billowing breath was about to burst his chest, he suddenly opened his mouth and let out a roar.

"Roar!"

Its sound is like a cannon, and the world is eclipsed.

In an instant, terrible sound waves swept across the four directions like mountains and seas.

The heart of the white-haired giant ape that bears the brunt of the impact tightened. Before it could react, it was hit head-on by the terrifying sound wave. Its huge body was thrown out like a kite with broken strings, and it broke seven or eight towering trees before it stopped rushing. Potential.

Yuan Yutang didn't pursue immediately, his chest rose and fell violently, and he gasped for breath.

This is a new move he created on a whim before the battle. It pays attention to a surprise. The first actual combat feels that the effect is not bad. The only disadvantage is that the consumption is a bit too large.

But the problem is not big, and it can be improved slowly in the future.

The next moment, he suddenly rose into the air and fell heavily towards the place where the white-haired giant ape fell.

He will not foolishly give the enemy a chance to recover.

Either you don't do it, or you don't die if you do it, this is his fighting style.

As soon as it landed, there was a sound of wind and thunder in the dust-filled smoke, and then a huge fist descended from the sky like a meteorite, tearing through the smoke and lightning struck.

Yuan Yutang didn't panic, stepped forward and punched out suddenly.

Rumble!

Like rolling thunder exploding in the woods, an exaggerated mushroom cloud of air suddenly rose from the scene, and everything within three hundred steps was reduced to powder.

"Woo~"

A deep cry of pain suddenly overshadowed the vast sound waves, and then a black shadow flew out from the rising air waves, smashing a big hole on the ground.

After a closer look, the repelled...

It is a white-haired giant ape with infinite strength! !

I saw just now

The monstrous white-haired giant ape's face was full of horror at this time, a strong arm was twisted bloody and bloody, obviously its bones were shattered, and it was almost completely useless.

"You beast, aren't you crazy?"

"Crazy one more for Grandpa to see?"

Yuan Yutang stepped out of the dust with a ferocious face, and every step he took, his aura rose to a higher level, pressing down on the heart of the white-haired giant ape like mountain peaks.

Until now, the white-haired giant ape couldn't believe it.

This frail human boy in front of him can completely overwhelm him in terms of strength.

But the hard facts are right in front of you.

It was a mess, lost to the human warlocks who once looked down upon it and thought it was only good for food.

This subversive result made it difficult for the rebellious white-haired giant ape to accept.

"Roar~"

Angry and furious, the white-haired giant ape had completely lost its mind. It was only thinking of tearing that nasty human warlock in front of it into pieces. With a roar, it dragged its disabled body to attack again.

"I don't know what it means, but animals are animals, and they deserve to be drunk and eaten!" Yuan Yutang sneered disdainfully.

This cynicism made the furious white-haired giant ape completely crazy. He concentrated all his monster power on the remaining arm, jumped up suddenly, and blasted a shocking and fatal blow from head to foot.

"It really is a rebellious beast!" Yuan Yutang finally revealed a dignified expression, grinning grinningly, "Aren't you crazy about liking? Let's see who is more crazy!"

"The power to subdue the dragon and subdue the tiger!"

"Dragon Gathering Strike!"

"Kill the enemy!"

In the roar that shook the sky, Yuan Yutang seemed to be possessed by a god and man, like an eagle hitting the sky, bursting into the sky with a punch.

It was too late to say it, and then it was too fast, two unstoppable iron fists collided instantly, there was no deafening bang, no strange phases of changing colors, no smell of fireworks, Fan Ruo had a frozen picture.

But the next moment.

A large cobweb-like crack suddenly appeared around the two clinging fists, and quickly spread to a range of ten feet.

Immediately after a flash of light, those turbulent voids shattered soundlessly, and endless chaotic breath permeated out.

Heck~

The ear-piercing sound of bone shattering erupted suddenly, and under the terrified eyes of the white-haired giant ape, its last arm exploded into blood mist inch by inch.

Yuan Yutang kicked the white-haired giant ape with severed veins out of the chaotic area with a blank face, and stepped on it and fell straight to the ground.

"Pfft~"

The white-haired giant ape spewed out a cloud of blood mist, and begged with a mournful face, "Forgive, forgive~"

Yuan Yutang looked down at the frightened white-haired giant ape condescendingly, and suddenly grinned.

"Originally, I planned to keep you alive to torture information, but unfortunately your spineless expression really disappointed me. As an apology, you should die."

The white-haired giant ape felt a chill in his heart, and all the dead souls begged for mercy, "No~"

"It's too late, go to hell and make amends to those souls killed by you!"

"Ah~"

puff!

A big head, trampled by the big feet, suddenly fell apart.


		