

Seeing that the slovenly old man was a little flustered, Yuan Yutang couldn't help coughing lightly to remind him.

The sloppy old man remembered the purpose of his trip, and asked the stunned Zhang Rongsheng, "Is my brother a relative of the victim?"

Zhang Rongsheng woke up as if he had just woken up from a dream. His face was complicated and ugly, and he trembled slightly. He knelt down suddenly, walked up to his knees and hugged the sloppy old man's thigh, crying, "Oh, oh, Taoist priest, my son died so badly, please help him Seek justice~"

"Brother, please start first, Pindao will do his best to avenge those who died in vain."

Sloppy Lao Dao, Lin Xianzun and others tried to persuade Zhang Rongsheng, who was crying heartbreakingly.

Yuan Yutang was silent, looking at the heartbroken Zhang Rongsheng, feeling inexplicably empathetic.

I don't know if his parents and elders will be as sad as Zhang Rongsheng when he suddenly disappears on the earth.

Unfortunately, I can't go back...


The sloppy old man proposed to check the first scene of the crime, that is, the room where Zhang Rongsheng's son was killed. Everyone followed Zhang Rongsheng and came to a room sealed by wooden boards.

"My lords, don't be ridiculous. In order to avoid getting emotional, the villain sealed up the place where my son died." Zhang Rongsheng explained while tearing down the boards.

At this time, Lin Xianzun and the head-hunters who went to the scene to investigate that day turned extremely ugly, as if recalling the horror scene when they first saw the crime scene, they retreated subconsciously.

Just as the door was pushed open, a black figure suddenly appeared in the dark room.

"Be careful!"

The slovenly old man had sharp eyes and short hands, and immediately noticed the abnormality. He grabbed Lin Xianzun and Yuan Yutang with both hands, and quickly retreated.

"Mom~"

"The devil is back~"

The already nervous yamen servants and police officers were so frightened that they cried for their father and mother and fled in all directions.

After retreating more than 20 steps, the sloppy old man stopped in shock.

Yuan Yutang was horrified at first, but soon realized something was wrong.

Taking a closer look, the dark shadows in the room have come out, and the details are clearly visible under the sunlight.

Where is the terrifying ghost, it is clearly an old woman with a dull expression and slow movements.

The old woman's eyes were empty and lifeless, and she muttered words like a walking dead.

"Lady, you, why are you in Jie'er's room?"

Seeing the old woman, Zhang Rongsheng froze suddenly, and asked in a startled voice.

The old woman didn't answer, turned around and left without hearing anything.

Seeing this, Zhang Rongsheng's face became more and more miserable.

"My poor mother-in-law, since her son was eaten by a ghost, she has become stupid, oh~"

Only then did everyone realize that there was a big oolong, they couldn't help but blushed, and they tacitly revealed the episode.

"Ahem..." Lin Xianzun coughed a few times to cover up his embarrassment, and said calmly, "Master Zhang Rongsheng, the scene of the death of Zhang Rongsheng's only son, Zhang Jie, is in front of us. I'm afraid you will be distracted, so we won't go in... Hehe, please go ahead."

The sloppy old man nodded, and led Yuan Yutang to the room.

The room has been sealed for a long time, the smell is extremely turbid and offensive, the doors and windows are closed, the light in the room is dim, and in broad daylight you can only see the outline of things, you can vaguely see that the furniture is tilted here and there, and dry black blood is everywhere on the ground.

Yuan Yutang planned to open the window to ventilate, but was stopped by the sloppy old man.

"Boy, let the Dao master give you a long-term vision today, so watch it." The sloppy old man raised the paper crane in his hand conceitedly, and smiled at Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang nodded, and obediently stepped aside.

During these days of getting along, he clearly felt that the sloppy old man wanted to take him as his apprentice, but he didn't take the initiative to tell the truth because of his face, and showed off his spell knowledge in front of him from time to time.

Yuan Yutang thought it was funny, but masters pick apprentices, and apprentices can also pick masters. He planned to observe for a while before deciding whether to apprentice or not.

The slovenly old man knelt down and took some dry blood powder from the ground and smeared it on the paper crane. He held the paper crane with one hand and drew a talisman in the air with the other, chanting a spell silently, and finally threw the paper crane into the air suddenly.

If anyone was around, the eyeballs would definitely be blown away. The paper crane was actually flapping its small wings in the air, circling back and forth as if it were alive.

This is the Paper Crane Pathfinding Method, a spell specially used to find people and explore the way. The search range depends on the level of mana cultivation. It is a relatively practical small spell.

With a sloppy and experienced cultivation base, as long as there are relevant items, in most cases, the target can be found within a radius of five miles.

The paper crane hovered in the air for a while, but it took a long time to make another move, which made the sloppy old man very anxious.

Fortunately, after a while, the paper crane finally found its way, and flapped its wings happily to fly out of the room.

"Found it, hurry up!"

The slovenly old man was overjoyed and called Yuan Yutang to chase after the paper crane.

The two came out in a hurry, and Lin Xianzun and the group of yamen officials who had lingering fears were shocked.

"Really, did you discover something?" Lin Xianzun asked anxiously with a delicate mind.

The sloppy old Taoist replied without answering, "I have lived up to my expectations, I have found the whereabouts of the evil ghost, and I will follow Daoist to kill the ghost!"

After that, he rushed out of the yard.

Lin Xianzun and the others looked at each other in blank dismay, and finally had no choice but to bite the bullet and chase after them.

A group of people shuttled aggressively through the streets and alleys, all the way to the most remote corner of the city.

I saw a solitary shed in front of everyone, the door was open, and the room was pitch black in broad daylight, like a monster's bloody mouth that would choose someone to devour.

Seeing this, Gongren and Lin Xianzun were fighting each other, knowing that the man-eating ghost might be hiding in the house, so they dared not come close.

The paper cranes circled happily over the shed for a week, and immediately ignited without fire and turned into ashes.

"Hehe, that ghost found us." The sloppy old man changed from his usual laziness at this time, turned his head to Yuan Yutang and said in a high-spirited manner, "Son, do you dare to follow me into the house?"

Yuan Yutang smiled slightly, clasped his fists and said sonorously, "Stay true to your wish."

The slovenly old man laughed boldly when he heard the words, and strode towards the hut. Yuan Yutang followed closely behind, and the old and the young disappeared from the sight of Lin Xianzun and others.


The hut is not big, about two feet wide, but the light is extremely poor, you can't see your fingers, and the smell is so bad that the two of them frowned.

Suddenly, a strong smell of meat came to the nostrils, and immediately the two of them heard the gurgling sound of boiling hot soup.

Yuan Yutang's eyes adapted to the darkness, and soon saw a figure in the corner squatting in front of the stove and lighting a fire.

The sloppy old man took off his bong, stood in front of Yuan Yutang calmly, and walked forward.

"Hee hee~"

After getting closer, both of them heard suppressed nervous low laughs.

In the eyes of the sloppy old man, that figure was very abnormal, neither human nor ghostly, so it must be an evil spirit.

"Bold and evil, dare to do evil in front of the Taoist master, today you will not be tolerated, watch!"

The sloppy old man drank like thunder, and with a whirl of the pipe in his hand, an inexplicable aura swelled, and he knocked towards the black shadow with the force of a thunderbolt.

"Gah~"

The black shadow was startled suddenly, and jumped onto the roof beam in place like a monkey.

"Where to run!"

The scruffy old man's body was surrounded by red light, he turned around and chased after him.

Immediately, an extreme pursuit was staged in the slap-sized shed. The black figure was like a swimming fish, light as a bird, and moved around as fast as a ghost.

The sloppy old man was as light as a swallow, and pursued fiercely, but unfortunately every attack missed by a hair, his face flushed red with anger.

There was a strong wind in the house, and the temperature rose abnormally, like a hot summer.

Yuan Yutang was in it, not daring to move, for fear of accidentally hitting the passenger car.

"Wow, I'm so angry~"

After chasing for half a stick of incense, the old Taoist still failed to touch the corner of the black shadow's clothes. He was suddenly furious, and his body froze. , Dongxuan Samadhi, immeasurable true spirit, hurry like Lihuo Zhenjun's law, hurry!"

Suddenly, a cluster of sparks exploded from the sloppy old man's fingertips, covering the bong in an instant.

Immediately afterwards, the sloppy old man's speed increased sharply, three points faster than before, and with a sudden dash, he finally caught up with the slippery black shadow for the first time.

"See where you're going this time!" The sloppy old man opened his eyes angrily, swung his flaming bong and chopped off.

The black shadow monster screamed, but it was too late to dodge, and hastily raised his arms to resist.

Boom!

A low and muffled sound suddenly exploded, causing Yuan Yutang's eardrums to ache.

"Wow~"

As soon as the black shadow's parrying arms touched the flaming bong, he immediately caught fire, his arms turned into torches, screamed in pain, and fell to the ground rolling endlessly.

After severely injuring the shadow, the sloppy old man staggered to the ground, and when his knees gave way, he was about to fall backwards.

Thanks to Yuan Yutang's timely response, he strode forward to support him.

"Master Taoist, are you alright?" Yuan Yutang couldn't help asking concerned when he saw the sloppy old Taoist's face turned red unnaturally, and his forehead was covered with cold sweat.

The slovenly old man let out a breath of foul air, regained his energy a bit, and replied pantingly, "It's all right, but using the secret method consumes too much mana, it's hard to continue for a while, just rest for a while."

As he said that, he turned his head to look at the black figure that was still struggling on the ground, panting slightly, "Son, help me over there to finish off that ghost completely, I'm afraid something will change later."

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to delay, and hastily helped the sloppy old man walk to the black shadow.

Only then did he see the true face of the shadow for the first time.

Five short stature, emaciated build, ragged clothes, yellow and thin complexion, expressionless even when howling, he is clearly the most common poor man in the market, how can he be half as terrifying as a ghost?

Seemingly seeing Yuan Yutang's doubts, the sloppy old man explained while refilling the smoking gun with mana, "But all demons and ghosts are treacherous and abnormal. Don't you think that this ghost looks like a living person, but in fact it has a heart and a spleen?" The lungs and kidneys were all eaten up by the evil spirits, not even a single bone is left, if you don’t believe me, just go and see his burnt arms and see if they are hollow inside?”

Yuan Yutang subconsciously looked at the ghost's broken arm when he heard the words, and sure enough, as the sloppy old man said, there was no flesh and blood in the gap of the broken arm, just like a hollow silkworm chrysalis.

"This ghost is very good at hiding its whereabouts. If it hadn't revealed its own flaws, I might not be able to see through its real body even if I face it face to face!"

"Just be optimistic, the name of the Taoist sect is Zhushanzong, and the word Zhushan is located in the position of Bagua Lihuo in the "Taoist Canon", so this sect is best at fire spells..."

"This is the strongest spell mastered by the Taoist master. It can rid the fire of demons, kill evil and eliminate evil..."

"Li Vulcan Gang, disease!"


		