

In September, the climate in the north is unpredictable. In the blink of an eye, there is a drizzle of rain falling from the sky.

In Honghe Town shrouded in darkness, there are two shadows chasing back and forth like ghosts.

The shadow in front of him was as light as nothing, passing through the wall with ease.

The figure chasing after him is simple and rude.

Open the way when encountering a wall, rampage.

Yuan Yutang's spiritual sense locks the ghost that is struggling to escape, even if the whole town is turned upside down, it must not let this beast go.

The people who had been panicked by the disappearance of children for several days were suddenly shocked, and they were immediately fried.

They all got up and locked the doors and windows, and then dragged their children and daughters into the cellar, not daring to show their faces.

This wise move is also convenient for Yuan Yutang, who may injure innocent people by mistake.

The ghost seemed to know that it could not get rid of Yuan Yutang's pursuit, and suddenly turned around and sprayed a big mouthful of extremely foul-smelling Yin Qi at him.

This is the yin energy of the ghost's life, and it cannot be used easily.

Yuan Yutang smiled disdainfully, and threw out a yellow talisman.

As soon as Huang Fufu came into contact with Yin Qi, it exploded violently with a bang, like marsh gas meeting sparks.

This is the 'one by one Yang Explosion Talisman', which is the most effective way to restrain Yin evil and pollution.

Just now at Xu Laosan's house, the ghost was hit by Yuan Yutang's "Lihuo Shengang" style, and at this time, disregarding the injury, he used his own yin energy to block the enemy, and the injury added to the injury in an instant, and his illusory body almost disappeared completely. .

Yuan Yutang would not show mercy to an evil spirit that had killed more than 30 children. Seeing that its momentum was weakening, he immediately took advantage of the victory to pursue it.

"You bastard with no conscience, I will punish you!"

"Little Thunder Talisman, kill!"

As he spoke, he pointed and threw out another blue talisman shrouded in lightning.

The Little Thunder Talisman is an intermediate-level talisman. It takes nine days of thunder to warm and nourish the talisman embryo, and it needs to be repeated 39 times to form it. It is also one of the few intermediate-level talismans that Yuan Yutang can currently make.

Boom, boom~

All of a sudden, there was a series of thunderbolts in the narrow alley, and the thunder was mighty.

The Haoran Zhenglei, which was blessed and stored with mana, erupted at once, and the terrifying power produced was by no means unbearable by ordinary ghosts and monsters.

The ghost screamed and turned into a cloud of green smoke and went into the ground.

Yuan Yutang controlled Thunder to chase after him, and shouted awe-inspiringly, "Where are the ghosts running away!"

Before the words fell, the thunderbolt hit the ground in an instant, like a gunpowder barrel exploding, the walls of the entire alley were shaken down, all the blue bricks on the ground were plowed away, and a hole the size of a well head was forcibly opened.

Yuan Yutang stood silently in front of Yu Yanxiaoxiao's pothole, his expression very ugly.

Unexpectedly, the ghost escaped under his nose.

At this time, a burly figure jumped down from the roof beside him, it was Yan Chixia.

Yan Chixia's face was sullen, and she asked, "Have you lost the whereabouts of the ghost?"

Yuan Yutang was startled for a moment, but immediately came to his senses, and asked loudly, "You also lost ghosts? You mean you also encountered ghosts?"

Yan Chixia nodded heavily, and said in a deep voice, "Half a quarter of an hour ago, we also encountered a ghost in Zhenxi who tried to kidnap a girl. Is the ghost you encountered half-truthful, and can pass through walls?"

"That's right, the ghost that my little brother is chasing is almost the same as what Brother Yan said." Yuan Yutang exclaimed, "Could it be that there are two identical ghosts in the town?"

Yan Chixia shook her head when she heard the words, "We don't think so, just as there are never two identical leaves in the world, there can never be two ghosts with identical ends."

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Since our Laoyan made his debut, this is the first time we have encountered such a situation. The ghost is obviously just a ghost level, but it escaped under our sword control technique."

After a pause, Yan Chixia said with some concern, "We are very worried. It is very likely that we encountered the legendary ghost mother and child ghost..."

"What?" Yuan Yutang was completely shocked.

It is said in the "Da Huang Jing" that there is a ghost mother in Xiaoyu Mountain in the South China Sea, who can give birth to heaven, earth and ghosts. Ghosts who give birth to ten sons once, and ghosts with ten sons of the same kind, give birth to them in the morning and eat them in the evening, their nature is extremely fierce.

The ghost mother is an extremely special kind of ghost, strictly speaking, it has broken away from the category of ghosts, and it is not too much to call it a god.

Its innate supernatural powers are self-produced heaven and earth ghosts, giving birth to ten child ghosts in each birth, and the ten child ghosts are exactly the same, surviving in the morning and eating at night. In a narrow sense, it can be regarded as an extremely weakened creator.

The ghost mother was born by virtue of the heaven and the earth, and it is rare to meet in a thousand years. Once she is born, the world will be in chaos.

If it was really the legendary ghost mother who caused the chaos in Honghe Town, then things would be a big deal.

After a moment of horror, Yuan Yutang quickly realized something was wrong, and immediately asked, "Brother Yan, although the ghosts you and I encountered are similar, you can't be hasty to identify them as Ziguis, right? And there is a saying in the "Dahuangjing" The ten-child ghost gave birth in the morning and ate it in the evening, and now it is midnight, which obviously does not match the records in the book."

Yan Chixia chuckled, "It's better to have no books than to believe in books. In fact, the real ghost mother is not as mysterious as it is recorded in the "Da Huang Jing". There are also layers of ghost mothers.

What is recorded in the "Da Huang Jing" is the ultimate form of the ghost mother. In fact, the ghost mother can only give birth to a ghost ghost, and the purpose of giving birth to the ghost ghost is not to feed itself, but to drive it to find blood food. When it grows to a certain extent, the number of ghosts produced will gradually increase until it becomes the ultimate form..."

Yuan Yutang suddenly realized.

"...Since we have met two child ghosts, it means that the ghost mother is likely to be born not long ago..." Yan Chixia continued, "So, now is the best time to get rid of ghosts! If we let that Things have escaped, and when it becomes a climate, it may cause disaster to the common people!"

Yuan Yutang was silent when he heard the words.

Yan Chixia patted Yuan Yutang's shoulder, turned around and walked back, and said with a calm smile, "Let's go, we've already frightened the snake tonight, and those two ghosts don't dare to come out to make trouble again, go back and get a good sleep in case Let’s wait until dawn to make plans.”

Soon the two returned to the inn.

Unexpectedly, standing at the door was an unexpected acquaintance of Yuan Yutang.

The hippie smiling face that owes a beating smile, and the sloppy posture that does not stand up.

This person is clearly the same as Yuan Yutang, who is also a heterogeneous Flying Headman, the evil house brass who arrested Li Chunyi.

"Hey, Head Yuan, long time no see?" Li Chun greeted Yuan Yutang casually.

Although Yuan Yutang was a little surprised by Li Chunyi's visit, he had already expected it.

It is almost the same as the method used to punish the dissolute and vicious father and daughter of the Tang family. Using greedy silver and paper piercing people to punish the selfish and greedy Mr. Leng and his wife are obviously from this extreme punishment room brass arresting Li Chunyi. .

"What are you doing here?" Yuan Yutang asked calmly.

Although he doesn't dislike Li Chunyi's motivation to punish the wicked, but he dislikes his methods of manipulating ghosts and hurting people.

And what displeased Yuan Yutang the most was his status as a flying headman of non-human descent.

Li Chunyi seemed to be heartless by nature, and he didn't care about Yuan Yutang's indifference. He smiled heartily and said with a familiar face, "I have been in Honghe Town for business for a while, and today I suddenly heard that the head of Yuan came to visit, and I was overjoyed." Zisheng, I hereby came to greet you overnight, if there is any impoliteness, please forgive me."

As he spoke, as if he had just seen Yan Chixia, he bowed in fear and respect, "I don't know

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Boss Yan is also here to catch the head, so please forgive me for being blind. "

It's a pity that Yan Chixia didn't like him at all, she turned her face away with a cold snort, and she hated seeing this alien with impure blood even more than Yuan Yutang.

After Yuan Yutang heard an idea, he immediately asked in a concentrated voice, "Business? Apart from punishing Young Master Leng, what else do you need to stay up to now?"

Li Chunyi grinned, "Master Yuan is still so insightful, he quickly catches any loopholes in his words, admiration."

"Don't talk nonsense!" Yuan Yutang frowned, and said coldly, "If you have nothing to go to the Three Treasures Hall, what are your plans? Is the disaster of the ghost mother related to you?"

Li Chunyi sighed faintly, put away his foolish way of life, and said with a rare stern expression, "The two of you returned tonight without success, and you must have known about the ghost mother. As for the truth, we will find out in the next look."

After saying that, he turned around and left.

They exchanged glances with Yan Chixia, and the bold and skilled two had a tacit understanding in an instant, and followed Li Chunyi.

The three of them crossed the streets and alleys, and soon came to a dilapidated tile-roofed house.

Yuan Yutang frowned as he looked at the tile-roofed houses that were mottled and peeled off by the drizzle, and said to Li Chun displeasedly, "There is no yin in this place, why did you bring us here?"

Li Chun sighed again and again, stepped forward and pushed open the wooden door that was about to fall, entered the dark room first, and said without looking back, "You will know if you are right or not when you come in."

Yan Chixia smiled, and walked in with great strides.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang hastened to follow.

As soon as he entered the room, Yuan Yutang immediately smelled an extremely pungent smell of medicinal soup, which seemed to be mixed with a trace of blood.

The walls of the house are bare, except for a broken bed and a few old tables and stools, there is nothing else, which shows that the owner of the house is struggling.

Yuan Yutang saw at a glance that there seemed to be a person lying on the broken bed, groaning indistinctly in pain.

Li Chunyi stood in front of the bed, looking at the person on the bed with a complicated expression.

Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia went up together and were stunned.

The person lying on the bed was a little boy with a sickly face and sweating all over his body, coughing suppressedly and weakly from time to time.

"What, what's going on here?" Yuan Yutang asked suspiciously.

With twinkling eyes, Li Chun told a sad story:

A widow lost her husband in her early years, leaving only a son who was born with tuberculosis.

One can imagine the bitterness of a woman who has to face gossip in the city and take care of her sick and weak son.

In order to keep the last bit of blood of her deceased husband, the widow not only had to work three jobs, but was forced to start a half-closed skin business.

In the end, the widow became sick from overwork and died of exhaustion.

However, unable to bear to leave her helpless son behind, the widow persisted in her resentment, and eventually turned into a ghost guarding her son.

Unable to work and earn money to buy medicines and cure diseases, the ghost of the widow remembered a folk remedy for tuberculosis that the old man told her when she was a child.

Legend has it that using the living heart and liver as medicine can cure tuberculosis.

In order to save her beloved son, the ghost of the desperate widow turned into a ghost mother, gave birth to a child and robbed the children in the town, and took the hearts and livers alive to make medicine for the sick children to survive.

At the end, Li Chunyi asked Yuan Yutang a question:

"The world often praises the greatness of maternal love. The maternal love of widow ghosts for their sons transcends life and death, which can be said to be earth-moving. However, this maternal love is based on the death of innocent children..."

"If it is up to Sect Leader Yuan to decide, should the ghost mother be punished or not?"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		