

Visible vigor has always been used by warlocks to laugh at warriors.

The proud warlocks think that it is because warriors desire supernatural powers and spells to transform their inner energy into tangible energy, which is quite a proof that painting a tiger is not an anti-dog.

But at this moment, the tangible strength that Bai Shanhe exerted was enough to make any scoffers shut up.

Boom~

Howling~

The divine general descended across the sky with vigor and majesty, and slashed at Yuan Yutang with a ten-foot-long giant sword in his hand.

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to underestimate them, and once again used the vertical golden light to open the distance.

It was very difficult to recover when all the force was exhausted, so the giant sword unstoppably slashed at the molten glass below.

Zizizi~

The melting temperature of the glaze melted by the indigo thunder is astonishing, and even the tangible and intangible giant sword is burned rapidly.

In the blink of an eye, half of the giant sword was burned.

The general was energetic but seemed to have a spirituality, discarding half of the broken sword, and ran as fast as he was stepping on melted pulp.

Zizizi~

The spirit of the general is so great that the distance of twenty feet is just a moment of movement for him.

Yuan Yutang didn't want to fight recklessly, so he repeated the old trick of using the vertical golden light to teleport and swim.

It didn't take long for the fiery molten glass to incinerate half of the energy of the gods.

But for the painless and insensible general Qi Jin, it is completely fine. It can no longer walk and opened its arms suddenly. Taking advantage of its height and long arms, it turned into a high-speed spinning top, roaring towards Yuan Yutang swept away. @

Yuan Yutang didn't try to be brave either, and after a series of dodges, he managed to defuse the general's dying counterattack without any danger.

Zizizi~

In just a few breaths, the spirit of the god general was dissolved so that only his head fell off, his eyes widened with anger, and his mouth let out an unwilling roar, and finally fell into the sand helplessly.

However, because of the vigorous blocking of the gods, the eight Bai Shanhe descended to the bottom of the pit smoothly.

Among the seven disciples, the second disciple, Zhang Feixiao, was in the hottest mood. Without waiting for Bai Shanhe to speak, he broke away from the sequence and rushed towards Yuan Yutang who had just stood firm.

"Second senior brother, come on, kill that shameless thief!" Bai Ling'er excitedly clapped her little hands and encouraged her.

Although Zhang Feixiao's strength is not the strongest among the seven, he is a rare opponent in the real world.

Bai Ling'er believed that as long as the second senior brother attacked with all his strength, he would definitely kill the thief who coveted their secret hideout on the spot.

It has to be said that those who are close to Zhu are red and those who are close to ink are black. What good disciples can be taught by the domineering and unreasonable Bai Shanhe are nothing more than replicas carved out of the same mold.

Bai Shanhe and the five male disciples also had the same idea, and they were ready to enjoy Zhang Feixiao's performance.

Yuan Yutang was so angry that he could take the opportunity to vent his anger, so he immediately greeted him tit for tat.

The two figures collided fiercely in the air, followed by a muffled sound of punches and kicks, and Yuan Yutang punched Zhang Feiloo into the air, and fell straight into the flowing molten glass.

This scene was completely beyond the expectations of Bai Shanhe and others.

In the head-to-head hand-to-hand combat, Zhang Feixiao was actually repelled? ?

Fortunately, Bai Shanhe responded in a timely manner, and with a move of his mind, there was an invisible force that supported Zhang Feilong to land on one of the few safe open spaces. This time he avoided the fate of leaving no bones.

The corner of Zhang Feilou's mouth was bleeding, and his face was ugly.

He didn't take advantage of Yuan Yutang in the hand-to-hand confrontation just now, which made it hard for him to accept it.

Bai Shanhe's expression was even more hesitant. The disciple he had carefully trained was actually repulsed by a little unknown magician, it was like slapping him across the face.

Yuan Yutang didn't care about these things, just repelling Zhang Fei locust was not enough to vent his anger, he roared like a tiger, and slashed towards Zhang Fei locust.

Are you not very proud?

Watch labor and management beat your apprentice to death in front of you, and see if you are still arrogant by then!

In an instant, Zhang Feiloo suddenly felt a sense of awe-inspiring oppression coming to his face, he ignored the annoyance and concentrated on dealing with the powerful enemy.

Yuan Yutang raised his palm high, and when it hit the peak, it was like Wuzhi Mountain falling from the sky, and it fell towards Zhang Feilocust, who was facing a great enemy, like the sky falling.

"Fist Gang" - Immortal Asking the Way! !

"Hiss~"


Zhang Fei locust took a sharp breath, his eyes showing horror.

Where the hell is this young man?

He is obviously a warlock, but his martial arts cultivation is no less than that of a master-level warrior, which is outrageous!

"Don't you want to fight hard, then a certain family will do what you want!"

At the critical moment between life and death, Zhang Feilou suppressed his palpitations, burst out with real color, and pointed at the palm that was coming to cover the sky and the sun.

Physical training is not expensive, and usually one part of the body will be focused on polishing. After a long period of time, the full potential of that part will be tapped out, and the next part will be considered after training to Dzogchen.

And Zhang Feiloo, who is also a real person, has one of the few perfect parts, one of which is ten fingers.

It is completely natural, and the whole body is flawless, and it is only waiting to split the gold and crack the stone!

All the mana is concentrated at one point and explodes. This finger has condensed Zhang Feiloo's more than 30 years of skill. Even a human immortal who has just entered the gate of hell will see blood with this move!

Boom~

Circles of ripples seemed to explode in the void, the air was compressed and exploded, and even the molten glass around it was shaken back and forth.

Under the astonished eyes of the seven Baishanhe people, Zhang Feiloo's confidence was crushed inch by inch by Yuan Yutang's slap like his fingers.

Geller, Geller, Geller~

The phalanges shattered and exploded into blood mist, and then spread to the palm, forearm, and forearm, and finally, the slap with the remaining strength still viciously imprinted on his chest.

Zhang Feilou stopped suddenly, his eyes widened, as if he had been frozen on the spot.

In the next breath, his back was raised high, an indescribably fierce energy blasted his flesh, his whole body seemed to be hollowed out, his internal organs, spine and sternum were all blasted out of his body, and a dead corpse stood there Not falling, as if I couldn't believe this scene until I died.

Bai Ling'er, who was extremely excited just now, completely froze the expression on her face.

Even though she was beaten to death, she couldn't believe that the second senior brother who was extremely strong in his heart was actually bombarded and killed on the spot by a boy younger than her.

Yuan Yutang breathed out a long breath like a two-meter-long sword, slightly suppressed the boiling blood, and looked at Bai Shanhe and his party with provocative eyes, then grabbed Zhang Feilocust's neck, and pulled the hollowed out mutilated body The corpse was thrown into the melt.

"Arrogance, give back my senior brother's life!"

Witnessing the death of his respected and beloved second senior brother in front of him, Zhao Da was furious, roaring and flying away.

Bai Shanhe didn't stop him, and looked at Yuan Yutang coldly, as if looking at a dead person.

Zhao Dashu is his most proud disciple. At the age of twenty-seven, he has already reached the peak of the Realm Reality. His limbs and bones have cultivated all parts except the cover door to the level of Dzogchen. After he has cultivated to Dzogchen, he is expected to be as good as a fairyland before the age of thirty.

In his view, Yuan Yutang will undoubtedly die if Zhao Daqi goes out!

"Third Senior Brother, kill that shameless thief and avenge Second Senior Brother~" Bai Ling'er cried out with her beautiful eyes flushed.

The rest of the male disciples also shared the same hatred and hated Yuan Yutang to the bone.

Facing Zhao Dada, who was as fierce as a tiger, Yuan Yutang did not have the slightest fear.

Ever since Bai Shanhe attacked him, the relationship between the two parties has been endless, otherwise he wouldn't have killed Zhang Feiloo so simply.

Those who flirt first are cheap, and they will be killed without complaint.

Since you dare to make a move, you should be mentally prepared to be counter-killed!

Yuan Yutang smiled disdainfully, and disappeared in a flash.

Zhao Da Da's heart skipped a beat suddenly, and the next moment the flood of darkness completely occupied his sight. Error-free update@

Before he could react, seven light spots like stars lit up in the boundless darkness, connected to each other, hooking towards his neck like a sickle.

"Fist Gang" - Beidou ecstasy!

"Hey! You ignorant thief, do you think you can beat me with a little skill?"

"Look at my Jinshi battle body!"

Although he was secretly vigilant, Zhao Daida spoke in a very loud tone, and suddenly activated his mana, and his whole body emitted a bright metallic cold light, which could not be blocked, and he stuck his neck hard to carry the killing move Beidou Hooking, which exudes a strong breath of death.

bang!

It seems that there is something invisible that is fragmented in the dark.

Zhao Dada, who was blushing.

Except for a circle of red marks on his neck, he was unharmed. He is indeed the proud disciple who has won the true inheritance of Bai Shanhe.

Bai Ling'er and the others who were watching the play were about to cheer, but suddenly a sudden change occurred in the next second. _o_m

Seeing Yuan Yutang appearing from the void like a ghost, he jumped on Zhao Dadai's back in an instant, his hands and feet were locked like a giant python wrapped around a tree.

Zhao Dian was shocked, and his flawless combat body, which had been tempered for a long time, reacted faster than his consciousness, and his elbows were stabbed back fiercely like steel guns.

Seeing the trick, Yuan Yutang succeeded in interlocking his two legs, but swung his arms like a hammer, knocking Zhao Dadai's elbow and spear away.

Zhao roughly regained his strength in an instant, swayed from side to side, and then swung his elbow to fight back.

Yuan Yutang's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, and he changed his sword and pointed at the sheath in an instant, and quickly and accurately hit the numb tendon of his elbow.

Zhao Dada suddenly felt a numbness, and his arms lost strength for a moment, and it was too late for him to fight back when he recovered.

Click!

Yuan Yutang wrapped his arms around Zhao Daqi's, forming a standard naked twisted cross.

Blocking Zhao's general action is just a precursor, and the next step is the fatal move.

"drink!"

Yuan Yutang yelled loudly, and his waist muscles, which were like buried explosives, instantly unleashed explosive power, and Zhao Dada immediately felt his world spinning.

Boom!

A tooth-piercing impact resounded through the audience.

Bai Linger's eyes widened in horror. If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she wouldn't have believed it even if she was killed.

The third senior brother Zhao Dada, whose strength has steadily entered the top ten of the new generation of Ling Xiao Pavilion, was toyed with by others in the applause one day, and hit his head on the ground like a puppet!

The sudden impact made Zhao dazed, and before he regained consciousness, there was another round of spinning, and Yuan Yutang controlled his whole body to turn 360 degrees, and then fell heavily.

Flipping, smashing, flipping, smashing... Each time was heavier than one, and it was smashed fifteen times in a row.

Rao Da Da is rough-skinned and thick-skinned, and he can't withstand this unimaginable attack. Not only his eyes are dull, but also blood seeps from his seven holes, and his breath is exhausted at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Yuan Yutang gained power and was relentless, and flipped from the ground again, wanting to kill Zhao Dada.

"Zhuzi, dare you!"

Bai Shanhe, who had endured for a long time, saw his favorite disciple was about to die, finally couldn't sit still, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang like lightning. .


		