

"Don't tell lies in front of people, don't make money in the world?"

Yuan Yutang calmly repeated what the out-of-town businessman said before leaving, and instantly had the answer in his heart.

Lan Xi tilted her head, blinked her big beautiful eyes, and asked doubtfully, "Master, do you know the truth about the tragedy of the Leng family?"

"Tragedy? It's just too much greed and self-destruction." Yuan Yutang sneered disdainfully, "A mere greedy silver hand can infinitely magnify the greed in the heart, the young and old couple of the Leng family really deserve it. But that person It feels very familiar to me."

"What is greed and silver?" Lan Xi asked again puzzled.

Yuan Yutang explained with a smile, "There are ever-changing secret methods in the world, and among them, the most famous and most coveted by ordinary people is the legendary alchemy. However, people in the world are ignorant and do not know that there is another magic in the world that can be compared to alchemy." Go hand in hand."

"Turn a stone into gold, and tie paper into silver. This is the so-called greed and silver."

"It is said that this method was born out of the Buddhist secret book "Eight Masters' Enlightenment Sutra". The greed that is abstained is the greed of the human heart."

"Where in the world is there such a good thing as a pie in the sky, greedy silver will infinitely magnify people's greed, if you don't destroy the greedy silver that has caused greed, you will definitely play with fire and burn yourself in the end."

Lan Xi didn't know what was going on, her beautiful eyes were full of adoring little stars, and she felt that her young master was too powerful.

Yuan Yutang smiled indifferently, and no longer entangled in the matter of Mr. and Mrs. Leng and his wife, who deserved what they deserved.

I thought that Yan Chixia would come back soon after throwing the bandits to the town hall, but I didn't expect that Yan Chixia still didn't come back until the sun went down.

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang vaguely felt that something was wrong.

When the inn was about to proofread at the eighth hour of Xushi, Yan Chixia came late.

"Brother Yan, what happened?"

Seeing that Yan Chixia's expression was not right, Yuan Yutang immediately asked.

Yan Chixia sat down on the bench, opened her voice and yelled, "Shopkeeper, bring us some food and drink, please be quick!"

The shopkeeper, who was dozing off, reluctantly went to prepare the food and drink. Yan Chixia sighed, and said sullenly, "Our family is not angry at the officials of the shitty town office. In just half a month, there are actually people in the town Thirty-six children were killed, and I don’t even know what those killers are doing for food, and I still can’t solve the case, I’m so angry!”

"Then what's going on?" Yuan Yutang asked again.

The anger in Yan Chixia's eyes was almost overflowing, she gritted her teeth and said, "On the fifth day of this month, someone discovered that their daughter was missing in the middle of the night for no reason, and they reported the case overnight but ignored it. After that, children disappeared every night, and they were found the next day. The corpse was left in the wilderness, the chest and abdomen were ripped open, and the heart and liver were gone, and now the whole town is panicking, it's really disgusting!"

"So, my little brother is willing to do his part to help my brother bring the murderer to justice as soon as possible!" Yuan Yutang said solemnly.

From Yan Chixia's resentful words, he could hear that they were obviously extremely dissatisfied with the officials in the town hall, and some of them felt deep hatred for the murderers of the wrecked children.

In this case, Yuan Yutang took the initiative to invite Ying, regardless of whether Yan Chixia agreed or not, he would inherit this friendship anyway, and it would probably be helpful to encourage him to go to Lanruo Temple to eliminate demons in the future.

Sure enough, Yan Chixia was overjoyed when she heard the words, and immediately laughed heartily and said, "Okay, it's rare that my younger brother has the heart to commit crimes and rape, so I will fulfill your wish as a brother, tonight you and my brother will join forces, and the murderer will have nowhere to hide! "

Looking at Yan Chixia who showed her true feelings, Yuan Yutang felt a trace of guilt inexplicably.

Yan Chixia

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

With a heart like a child, he knows everything about himself, but he plots against him in every possible way, isn't it a bit too much?

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang put that trace of guilt out of his mind.

Regardless of whether it is calculated or not, according to one's own heart, it is impossible to ignore this kind of thing.

So just act with your heart and don't worry too much.

After hastily eating food and drinks, Yan Chixia made an agreement with Yuan Yutang that the two would guard half of the town each, and if they found the murderer, they would take action immediately, and if there was any resistance, they would be killed immediately.

After finishing speaking, Yan Chixia hurried to Zhenxi to sit in town.

Yuan Yutang thought about it before leaving, went back upstairs and told Lan Xi to close the doors and windows, and then went up to the roof. .

The houses in the town are densely packed and the streets are winding. If you want to monitor half of the town, the only way is to climb up and watch.

So Yuan Yutang chose the roof of the Fuwang Inn, the tallest building in the east of the town.

Tonight, the sky is rare and the stars are bright, and the full moon is like a disk.

Yuan Yutang sat cross-legged on the eaves of a four-story building, maximizing his spiritual sense, covering half of the town, and no disturbance could escape his keen spiritual sense.

The waiting time was the most irritating, and it was still calm after midnight.

Just when Yuan Yutang wondered whether it was the murderer who noticed something was wrong and died down, or whether there was something abnormal in the direction of Zhenxi that Yan Chixia was in charge of, suddenly a trace of abnormality was reflected from the consciousness spread like a spider web.

Yuan Yutang's expression froze immediately, he concentrated his energy on his eyes, and quickly looked towards the abnormal place.

On the dark and empty street, there was a shadow moving through the streets and alleys at a speed that was almost impossible to catch with the naked eye, and disappeared into a house in an instant.

With a flash of light in his eyes, Yuan Yutang sneered and jumped down from the eaves, chasing after the way the shadow disappeared just now.


Xu Laosan is an immigrant craftsman who settled in this town with his family three years ago. Since the craftsmen belonged to low-level families, he was not assigned to Yongyetian, a good household as stipulated by the Great Xia Law.

In the more than three hundred years since the founding of the Great Xia, various policies that benefited the people in the early days of the founding of the country have long existed in name only.

For example, Liangmin Yongyetian, the original intention of the legislation is to encourage people's livelihood and resume production as soon as possible.

It's a pity that after so many years, the landlords and wealthy families wantonly annexed the fields, not to mention the humble craftsmen, even the good people who were born and raised could not get the Yongye Field.

With no land, Xu Laosan can only work hard to support his family, and his hands stop talking.

However, since a series of missing children occurred in the town, he dared not go out to work anymore.

For Xu Laosan and his wife who are old and have a son, their eight-year-old son is their life, and there is no room for any mistakes.

For the past few days, he and his wife have taken turns to watch the night every night, fearing that their precious son will be lost out of thin air if they are not careful.

Tonight it was Xu's turn to watch the night, and he kept a sharply sharpened machete at hand. If thieves dared to come to his house, it was guaranteed that they would never come back.

In order to save lamp oil, Xu Laosan did not light the lamp.

Sitting withered in the dark was extremely tormenting, not to mention Xu Laosan hadn't had a good rest for half a month.

Just when Xu Laosan was drowsy, he felt a chill for no reason.

As if falling into an ice cave in the winter, Xu Laosan's hair stood on end.

Before Xu Laosan could figure out the situation.

Suddenly.

He seemed to vaguely see Youdao

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Shadows rushed into the room.

The old wife sleeps on the bed with her son, who else is the shadow that suddenly appears besides the murderer who plots evil?

His heart exploded, Xu Laosan, who was eager to love his son, picked up the machete, slashed at the shadow viciously, and at the same time shouted, "Evil thief, dare to touch my son, I will fight to the death with you!"

However, the strange thing is that this inevitable knife unexpectedly cut through the air inexplicably.

Youngest Xu watched in horror as the bright blade passed through the shadow, carried his body, and slashed straight at the door.

A muffled sound of stamping also woke up the old wife and son on the bed.

"Husband, what's the matter? But there are thieves coming?" The old wife yelled in horror holding her crying son.

Xu Laosan only felt that the arm holding the knife just now lost consciousness, and it must have been dislocated due to excessive force. Without explaining, he let go of the machete and rushed towards the shadow that was slowly approaching, roaring loudly, "My lady, take me away!" Bao'er is leaving, the murderer is coming! Come on, come and catch the murderer, help~"

The move was to wake up the surrounding neighbors.

It's just that Xu Laosan was horrified to find that such a big movement in his house did not attract the attention of the neighbors at all, and the surroundings were completely silent, as if there were only three of his family left in the whole town.

What was even more frightening was that Old San Xu watched helplessly as he passed through the shadow, as if the shadow had no substance at all.

With a bang, Old San Xu bumped his head against the corner of the wall, his eyes turned black and he almost fainted.

The old wife wailed, and hurriedly jumped out of bed with her son in her arms and helped her husband up. The three hugged each other and shivered.

At this time, a ray of bright moonlight poured into the room through the window, allowing Xu Laosan and the others to see the true face of the shadow, and instantly felt dizzy.

Under the moonlight, the shadow was half empty and unreal, there was no blood on the whole body, the facial features were hideously distorted, and the disheveled hair was floating half an inch above the ground.

This, this is not a human being, it is clearly an evil spirit that escaped from hell~

The ghost grinned at the dumbfounded Xu Laosan's family, and immediately frightened them so much that one Buddha was born and two Buddhas ascended to heaven.

Seeing that his wife and children were about to suffer at the hands of the evil spirit, Xu Laosan got the courage out of nowhere, got up to protect his wife and children behind him, and shouted in a stern voice, "Evil ghost, if you want to eat, eat me first. Don't hurt my wife and children~"

The ghost was not intimidated by Xu Laosan, and slowly grew a big mouth full of sparse and rotten teeth, until it was wide enough to fit into a large water tank, and then rushed towards Xu Laosan and the others.

"Ah, don't~"

Xu Laosan screamed in despair, subconsciously blocked his wife and children with his body, praying for a miracle.

Boom~

The next moment, Xu Laosan inexplicably heard a violent explosion, followed by a surge of air, and lost consciousness together with his wife and children.

"Gah~"

The ghost let out a sharp scream, and was sent flying backwards by the wild air waves. Its body was covered with dots of fire snakes, which made it extremely painful.

The fire exploded, and then Yuan Yutang's icy figure appeared in the room, and shouted in a cold voice:

"Bold ghosts, dare to torture the world, and made me wait for the middle of the night, what should I do!"

The ghost seemed to know that Yuan Yutang was not easy to mess with, so he turned around deftly in the air, and escaped directly through the wall.

Yuan Yutang was not willing to let this beast go so easily, and immediately swayed, broke through the wall and chased him out.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		