

Jingguan is a high mound formed by the army to show off their martial arts after killing the enemy, gather the enemy's corpses, and seal the soil.

Many people don't know that there are actually two forms of Jingguan.

One is to pile up the corpses of the enemy soldiers on both sides of the road, cover them with soil and tamp them down to form a pyramid-shaped mound, also known as "Wujun."

The other is to cut off the enemy's head and pile it up to form a tower to deter the enemy.

And what Yuan Yutang saw in front of his eyes was the Beijing Temple of the Human Head Pagoda.

Men, women, young and old, hundreds of heads with terrified expressions piled up layer by layer to form a small tower.

Seeing this, the three present were all filled with righteous indignation.

The group of soldiers and ruffians who have suffered thousands of knives, it is not enough to kill the good and pretend to be meritorious, and they even piled up the head tower frantically, it is simply devoid of conscience.

It's no wonder that the resentful souls in the village would rather risk staying in the world and be tortured by the mortal atmosphere than return to the nether world.

"Wow, I'm so angry!"

Yan Chixia was so angry that her eyes were red, her beard and hair were all stretched out, she raised her sword and rushed forward without thinking.

Just as he was about to approach the Tower of Human Heads, a sudden change occurred.

"Be careful!"

Hearing the reminders from Yuan Yutang and Li Chunyi suddenly, the evil wind howled in the back of his head.

How vigilant Yan Chixia was, she immediately slashed fiercely with her backhand.

when!

A deafening sound of gold and iron suddenly exploded, Yan Chixia turned her head in shock, and found that the sneak attack was actually a ghost-headed sword filled with sinister energy.

"Damn soldiers?"

With a cry of alarm, the swung ghost-headed broadsword swayed in vain, and then the terrifying shadows of the sword exploded suddenly.

"Damn it!"

Yan Chixia roared angrily, the enemy was so powerful that she didn't dare to underestimate it immediately, the Xuanyuan Sword in her hand exploded with brilliance, turning into a sky-splashing sword light to meet the shadow of the sword.

Seeing Yan Chixia being attacked, Yuan Yutang and Li Chunyi came to help immediately.

It's just that the two of them moved, and two strange tall figures appeared in front of them out of thin air, attacking them without saying a word.

Yuan Yutang's strong mana burst out suddenly, like a lion fighting a rabbit, and in an instant, the darkness came like a tide, only seven lights and shadows in the sky joined together to form a spoon.

"Fist Gang" - Beidou ecstasy!

Li Chunyi didn't dare to lag behind, and with a thought, seven phantoms suddenly appeared in his body, there was a hanged ghost with bulging eyes and tongue sticking out, there was a burnt ghost whose whole body was scorched, and there was a beheaded ghost who raised his head and sprinted... Seven ghosts Siege that strange figure.

The change happened so suddenly that the three of them were completely caught off guard.

Fortunately, the trio are highly skilled and bold, and they still have the ability to maintain their abilities.

Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang!

Amidst the sound of blows that burst eardrums, Yan Chixia condensed all her magic power on the blade, roaring and slashing with a shocking sword.

""Xuanyuan Shocking Heaven Judgment" - the sun and the moon shine together!"

boom!

Like dozens of gunpowder barrels exploding at the same time, the terrifying vigor soared wildly, and the ferocious Ghost Head Broadsword was finally shaken away.

Taking advantage of the gap to recover her breath, she observed the situation of Yuan Yutang and Li Chunyi by the way, and found that they were safe for the time being, so Yan Chixia hurriedly concentrated on dealing with her enemy.

The sneak attacker was a ghost wearing tattered armor, drenched in blood, densely packed with countless arrow clusters, surrounded by black smoke and frighteningly cloudy, and also riding a broken armor dripping blood, full of arrows on his crotch. Clusters of rotting ghost horses.

Yan Chixia was well-informed and saw through the ghost's real body in no time. She couldn't help but exclaimed, "Yin Luo ghost general? How did this thing get into the human world?"

Yinluo ghost generals are ghosts transformed into ghosts after the death of a fierce general in the world. The weakest ones have the peak realm of ghosts. So amazed.

Yuan Yutang and Li Chunyi also pushed back the entangled opponents, and after a closer look, they found that they were also Yin Luo ghost generals riding ghost horses.

When things go wrong, there must be a demon. It is rare to meet a Yin Luo ghost general in a hundred years in the world. At this time, three of them appeared at once. If it is a coincidence, I am afraid that even a three-year-old child will not believe it.

The three of them took the opportunity to join together, and the three Yin Luo ghost generals also galloped around on horseback, like hungry wolves in the wilderness, patiently looking for openings, so as to tear their prey into pieces.

"Old Yan, what's going on here, there are three Yin Luo ghost generals appearing in the corner, it's very strange!"

Li Chunyi asked Yan Chixia hastily while keeping an eye on his surroundings.

Yan Chixia clenched the magic weapon tightly and rolled her eyes angrily, "You ask me, who should I ask?"

Yuan Yutang held back his breath, couldn't hold back immediately, let out a long roar, and took the lead in attacking.

"Why do you think so much, you don't have to be polite to ghosts that harm people, let's talk about it first!"

Yan Chixia and Yan Chixia were stunned for a moment, and then followed each other with a long and proud smile.

"That's right, let's talk about it first!"

The three immediately divided into three groups, and each selected a Yin Luo ghost general to attack fiercely.

The reason why the ancient fierce generals galloped on the battlefield was invincible, and it was inseparable from a good horse. However, all living things cannot escape physiological limitations after all, and there will always be times of exhaustion, so there has never been a real enemy.

but!

When fierce generals and good horses turn into ghosts, it is equivalent to eliminating the Achilles heel that restricts the display of strength, tireless, painless, and able to maximize the ability to fight on the battlefield.

At this time, what the three of them were facing was the real enemy of ten thousand people, and the battle entered a fierce stage immediately.

Yan Chixia, who cultivates both martial arts and martial arts, is the strongest of the three, with superb swordsmanship and profound Taoism. Therefore, he chose the strongest Yin Luo ghost general who was in the realm of Huangquan Road, the resentful soul, and killed him in an instant.

Li Chunyi is good at raising ghosts and exorcising ghosts, and his tactics are unpredictable. No one knows how many ghosts he has raised on him. Anyway, all kinds of ferocious ghosts are uneven, and he just relies on the number advantage to hold back the second strongest resentful soul realm. The Yin Luo ghost general, who will not be in danger of his life in a short time.

The remaining weakest general, Yin Luo Gui, who was at the peak of Li Gui, was handed over to the astonishingly powerful Yuan Yutang to deal with.

This was not an arrangement made by the two of them because they looked down on Yuan Yutang, on the contrary, it was a manifestation of their importance to him.

Tian Ji races horses, using his own strengths to attack the enemy's weaknesses, in order to break the deadlock in a short time.

As long as Yuan Yutang quickly gets rid of the weakest Yin Luo ghost general, then he will be able to form an advantageous situation where he fights more and fights less.

Although the three joined forces for the first time, they had a tacit understanding and reached a consensus in silence.

In the final analysis, Yinluo ghost generals are unusual, and if you don't want to cause extra complications, you must use unusual methods.

"Ghost beast, take your life!"

Knowing that the situation was urgent, Yuan Yutang didn't dare to keep it, and immediately activated the "subduing dragon and subduing tiger, supernatural power", and his strength instantly exploded ten times. With one step, the strength penetrated from the heel to the whole body, and the palm climbed like a dragon swimming in the sea. When I reached the highest point, I suddenly photographed it like the sky fell apart.

"Fist Gang" - Immortal Asking the Way!

As if feeling the pressure, Yinluo Guijiang let out a mournful long groan, and instead of retreating, he suddenly accelerated, and with all his strength, he stabbed at the palm coming from the top of Mount Tai like an eagle hitting the sky.

In the face of absolute power, any skill will fail.

With a bang, the Yin Luo Ghost General's natal Yin soldiers were shattered, and the ghost horse also wailed, and its four powerful limbs and hoofs could not bear the huge pressure and broke off.

The ghost general Yin Luo, who had lost his soldiers and horses, was so fierce that he jumped up regardless of his body, and hugged Yuan Yutang who was diving down.

"Go away!"

Yuan Yutang sneered coldly, his soaring mana, so strong that he could hardly bear it, erupted like a mountain torrent, and the mana from the most rigid to the yang was like a raging fire cooking oil, crazily burning Yin Luo ghost generals, even with Yin Qi protecting the body The formed black mist was also hard to resist, and it was scorched to be riddled with holes in an instant.

Even so, the ferocious Yin Luo Ghost General still refused to let go, locking Yuan Yutang as if unconscious, a pair of dead fish eyes shone with splendor, and the broken armor on his chest lit up with white light, and suddenly a fierce tiger roar resounded through the sky .

"Soldiers master gold, gold deed white tiger, brother, hide quickly, it is the legendary white tiger Jinsha, the shape is smashed!"

During the fierce battle, Yan Chixia, who still did not forget to care about Yuan Yutang, yelled anxiously when she saw this, and wanted to rescue him, but unfortunately, she was entangled by the strongest Yin Luo ghost general.

Yuan Yutang's heart shivered after hearing the reminder.

He has also heard of the fierce name of the White Tiger and Golden Sha, and it is extremely sharp, but he did not expect that the Yin Luo Ghost General would have such a killer weapon.

At this time, it is too late to escape, the only way to live is to die.

Fight!

Yuan Yutang's eyes turned hard, Yun Jin was furious, and Yin Luogui smashed his entangled limbs into pieces.

Raise your fist, raise your strength, and attack.

The three steps were completed in one go, and the first move was the first to grab the short time when the White Tiger Jin Sha general hadn't made a move, and punched unstoppably.

"Fist Gang" - gather the dragon and strike! !

boom! ! !

It was like ten thousand tons of gunpowder exploding at the same time, like a giant dragon howling, suffocating the airflow within a radius of half a mile.

The overbearing punch pierced Yin Luo Guijiang's entire chest, and the terrifying remaining energy even came out from behind, blasting an exaggerated funnel-shaped air ring behind him.

Yin Luo Guijiang blinked unwillingly, and immediately turned into flying catkins and dissipated on the spot.

The supernatural power of subduing the dragon and subduing the tiger plus the double burst of the dragon-gathering blow, even Yuan Yutang's abnormal physique would not be able to bear it.

And Baihu Jinsha is no small matter, even if he was killed and cradle him in advance, his fist would still be cut to the brim with blood.

Fortunately, the result was satisfactory, and the Yin Luo ghost general was dealt with in time.

Not caring about recovering for too long, Yuan Yutang re-entered the battlefield with a strong spirit, three-for-two, and exhausted all his efforts to repel the two ghost generals in the realm of resentful souls.

The exhausted three looked at each other, inexplicably feeling absurd.

Who would have thought that three terrifyingly powerful Yin Luo ghost generals would suddenly appear. If they weren't for their strong strength, they would have been reduced to members of the thousands of ghosts long ago.

Li Chun had a delicate mind, and immediately looked for clues as soon as he escaped from danger. Soon he locked his eyes on the Beijing Observation Tower with Human Heads, panted heavily and said in a deep voice, "Phew, what happened just now is too inconsistent. If I didn't If you guess wrong, something is wrong with this head tower.”

Yan Chixia and Yuan Yutang looked at each other, and immediately stepped forward to dismantle the human head tower.

Soon, they found a purple talisman at the bottom of the Human Head Tower.

Yan Chixia held the blood-stained purple talisman with a unique material, and her face was ugly.

"When the yin and yang abacus sounded, it was worth a good price. This is the 'Tongyou Yangsha Talisman', and it is the handwriting of the 'ghost comprador!!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 23 Ghost comprador is free to read.




		