

Night, ugly hour four quarters.

It's late at night, Wan Lai is lonely.

The mountain inn next to the official road is grand in the night, like a large stone sculpture.

The silence of the dark lobby was suddenly broken by three shadows.

The three shadows are all wearing night clothes, except for a pair of eyes, their whole bodies are almost integrated with the darkness.

The three of them seemed to have a tacit understanding. They could communicate simply with a few gestures at will, and then dispersed without making any sound during the whole process.

A black figure went upstairs silently like a cat along the stairs, came to Yuan Yutang's room in the dark, squatted sideways and leaned against the door to listen for a while, and after making sure that there was no sound inside, he tiptoed up and took out the bag from his arms. He took out a small bamboo tube, twisted some saliva to pierce the paper pasted on the window lattice, and carefully stretched the small bamboo tube into the room and blew gently.

Huh~

A colorless, odorless green smoke quietly drifted into the room.

There are three treasures in the black shop, knocking sap, Mongolian sweat medicine, and yin knife.

Presumably that green smoke is the legendary secret treasure Mongolian sweat medicine necessary for traveling in the rivers and lakes and at home.

After closing the bamboo tube, the black shadow did not enter immediately, as if he was waiting for the effect of the medicine to take effect.

After waiting for a while, after making sure that there was no movement in the room, the black shadow nimbly came to the window sill of the corridor, put his finger into his mouth and let out a whistle like a night owl.

Immediately outside the inn, there seemed to be a black shadow shaking on a big banyan tree. Someone was lurking in the shade of the tree. Two cold lights flashed, and two small sickle hooks were undoubtedly inserted into the gap in the window.

The shadow on the tree deftly fiddled with the sickle hooks attached to the shredded fish. With a click, the two sickle hooks easily hooked up the window bolts, and with a slight swipe, the locked window lattices opened silently.

At this time, a slender black figure stood up from the shadow under the window lattice, and rushed into the room like a ghost.

It landed as nimbly as a cheetah, without any movement.

The man in black squinted his eyes and stood still for a moment, his eyes fixed on the bed, his ears fluttering, and his hearing reached its limit.

Hearing the soft snoring sound of the person on the bed, the man in black slowly stood up after confirming that the target was in a deep sleep.

No way, who made Yuan Yutang a warlock.

Although their unique secret recipe of Mongolian sweat medicine has a record of being a magician in the coma real world, they don't know Yuan Yutang's footsteps.

If it wasn't for the alluring treasure, they wouldn't take the risk.

The moment he got up, the man in black's eyes fell on the iron box on the table, and his breathing suddenly seemed a little short.

Take a few deep breaths to calm down the emotional fluctuations. The man in black is like a flying swallow leaving the nest, and flies away from the ground with a light leap. His movements are indescribably beautiful and natural, light and silent, which shows that his lightness skills have reached the pinnacle .

When flying over the table, the man in black made a lightning move, picked up the iron box on the table, and then turned around in the air as if defying the laws of physics, turning his head and flying out of the window.

Seeing this, the black shadow on the tree quickly overcame the scythe hook to restore the window lattice to its original state, and then let out a deep bird song.

Immediately outside the door, he understood, and rushed out of the window in a hurry. When the three of them met on the ground, they happily fled away with the treasure.

The three people who were indulging in the joy of success did not notice that there was a pair of helpless eyes on the roof watching their every move.


Half an hour later, the three of them came to a secret cave, and they couldn't wait to light the lamp and take off the sultry turban masks.

Unsurprisingly, the ones who dare to break the ground on the head of Tai Sui are of course the reformed trio of ex-villains from the black shop.

"Good opportunity, just now when I touched it through the iron box, Laozi felt a terrifying and evil spirit rushing straight into Laozi's heart. Such fierceness must be a priceless treasure!"

The Ten Thousand Years of Bewildered Sky Mouse looked extremely frenzied at this time, and smiled with a blazing light in its eyes.

"Hehe, labor and capital's eyes of wisdom never fail. You can tell whether it is a god or a ghost at a glance. How can you hide it from me?" The naive blood butcher is as happy as Maitreya Buddha, seeing the flesh but not seeing the eyes.

"Stop talking nonsense, quickly open it and have a quick look, and see what treasures are inside!" The old dog said eagerly.

The squirrel chuckled, and opened the iron box neatly.

choke!

The moment the box was opened, a cold light seemed to flash out of nowhere in the cave, and there was a chilling sound of clanging and killing.

Immediately afterwards, the three people who were obsessed with money suddenly went into a trance, and then they didn't know anything.


Zheng Yu was born in a poor scholarly family. Since he was a child, he has worked hard and studied hard, hoping that he will be able to gain fame and revitalize his family in the future.

It's a pity that good luck tricks people.

In the third year of Taikang, he encountered a huge peasant uprising that swept across the three states in Taipingdao.

The poor peasants who had been oppressed for too long rose up and immediately killed people, looted everything, and burned houses as soon as they saw them. Like thugs, they developed at a snowballing speed.

Zheng Yu was very unlucky, his parents, sisters and brothers all died in the turmoil, only he was rescued by a few well-meaning rebels.

In order to survive, he had to be forced to follow the thief.

There have been countless peasant uprisings since ancient times, but only a handful of them succeeded.

There is no other reason, all because of the lack of a core program and short-sightedness.

At the beginning, the peasant uprising was vast and magnificent, and Fan Ruo was about to sweep the world and change the dynasty.

Dragon slayers often cannot escape the curse of becoming a dragon.

After conquering three male Kuizhou cities in a row, under the temptation of huge financial reports and huge power, the top leaders of the rebel army quickly became corrupt and became the powerful and powerful people they hated most in the past.

Although Da Xia was rotten, but his last breath was still there, coupled with the fact that the uprising army was obsessed with money and their hearts were scattered, it was naturally difficult to regain the fearless edge they had at the beginning of the uprising.

When the invincible counter-insurgency army known as the last famous general of Great Xia, Wuwei General Ramu, came under pressure, the rebel army was defeated like a mountain, and quickly fell apart.

In this way, the Taipingdao Peasant Uprising that shocked the world became a historical term.

However, although the rebellion is flat, it is the deadliest thing to settle accounts after autumn.

In order to redeem their dereliction of duty, bureaucrats at all levels of Taiping Road raised their butcher knives in disregard of human relations, and massacred nearly half of the innocent people who had escaped the military disaster in the whole Tao until blood flowed into rivers.

Zheng Yu, who had experience in rebellion, did not dare to stay on Taiping Road any longer, so he could only flee to Sichuan-Shanxi Road and become a bandit.

All those insurgents who had rescued him and cared for him and taught him martial arts all died in a chaotic battle to save him.

From then on, Zheng Yu's life no longer belonged to him alone.

He also has to shoulder the responsibility of supporting the orphans of his comrades-in-arms.

However, the world is in decline, and the family members of comrades-in-arms are old and young, and there are more than 30 mouths waiting for food. If he earns a living, even if he is exhausted, he can't afford to support so many people.

In desperation, he can only do business without capital.

He feels guilty every time he kills.

Because he knew that not all the innocent people who were robbed and killed were evil gentry and merchants who were rich and unkind.

But there was no turning back. Since he chose to take on the responsibility of supporting the widow of his comrade-in-arms, he had no way out.

There is only one way to go to the dark...


In the eighth year of Taikang, a happy family of three in Lingnan Road lived in seclusion in the mountains, hunting and farming for a living, and lived a happy life like a paradise.

It's a pity that there are unexpected wind and rain.

The husband and wife suddenly became seriously ill, and the ten-year-old son felt that the sky was about to fall.

In order to treat his parents, the son sold all his belongings and went to the city to seek medicine.

He was so lucky that his son found a poisonous doctor who was greedy for money.

There are many moral models in all walks of life in the world, but more of them are despicable practitioners.

The so-called parental heart of a doctor, the bounden duty of a doctor should be to save lives and heal the wounded.

However, some doctors have mediocre medical skills, but their ability to make money is so high that they can sell their conscience in order to make money.

This kind of doctor who is more terrible than a quack doctor is a poison doctor.

In this way, the ignorant son was taught a cruel lesson. The parents' condition did not improve at all, but their money was cheated by the poison doctor.

Seeing his parents were tortured to death by the illness, the son, who hated and regretted it, turned evil and went to the city overnight to kill the whole family of the poison doctor and robbed all the family property.

Some people may wonder why a ten-year-old child can kill the whole family.

It is because the son's parents are both martial arts masters who have withdrawn from the rivers and lakes, and the two have carefully cultivated their son since childhood, so although the son is young, his martial arts skills are already better than blue.

But what about killing the enemy?

It was only later that the son learned that his parents had an incurable disease, and there was no possibility of recovery at all. He could only hang himself with drugs, and the money he robbed was quickly exhausted.

The son who couldn't bear to give up his parents never stopped doing two things and started a killer business.

At first, he was very afraid of being underestimated and would not have any business, so he could only use cruel methods to kill his targets to increase his reputation.

Later, his fame became bigger and bigger, but he couldn't get back, so he could only deceive himself and others all the way to the dark.


Zeng Mufu has been a freak in the eyes of outsiders since he was a child.

He could only walk at the age of three and speak at the age of six, as if born dull.

But what outsiders don't know is that the reason why Zeng Mufu is so dull is not because of his low intelligence, but because of his extraordinary talent.

There is nothing more painful than seeing sin.

Zeng Mufu has been suffering from this kind of endless pain since he became sensible.

In his eyes, the second uncle, a good man in the village, is a villain who has done all kinds of bad things in his previous life and harmed the nature and justice.

In his eyes, the warm-hearted Widow Li is a poisonous woman who colluded with an adulterer and murdered the whole family.

In his eyes, the brave and forthright vigilante coach was a shameless deserter who was greedy for life and afraid of death, and killed his comrades in his previous life.

All kinds of malice with great contrast impacted his young heart all the time.

Those victims seemed to be wailing in his ears day and night.

Finally, at the age of eighteen, he couldn't help but pick up a kitchen knife and swiped it at his parents who loved him in every possible way and who had committed the most sins in their previous lives.

After killing his relatives with his own hands, he was very painful and contradictory, and his mind was seriously twisted.

Since then, a cold-blooded butcher that everyone fears has arisen due to the situation.


Yan Chixia and Yuan Yutang looked at the three people in the cave who were crying and blaming themselves, and couldn't help but sigh at each other.

"The so-called poor people must have something to hate. The reason why they have done bad things before is that they are not up to date, and they are not forced by the world." Yan Chixia said with a gloomy gaze, "They are always suffering from the torment of conscience. I can only use some petty and thieves methods to numb myself and create the illusion that I am still a green forest person. Perhaps only in this way can I temporarily forget the sins I committed in the past..."

As he spoke, he solemnly bowed to Yuan Yutang.

"Brother, I implore my virtuous brother to bring out the sword, and cut off the sins in the hearts of the three of them!"

Yuan Yutang's gaze was gloomy, and he came to the opened iron box in silence, reached out and endured Ling Chi's severe pain, picked up the crime-breaking knife that was humming endlessly in the box, and slashed the knife on his chest.

"So, according to my brother's wishes..."

choke!

A sharp knife light shines in the cave.

It was as if three of the thousands of sins in the world had been erased!

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter Thirty-Five: The crime of beheading the heart is free to read.




		