

Dawn breaks, the snow breaks and the rain falls.

The continuous rain curtain connects the heaven and the earth, as if washing away the love and hatred left in the world yesterday.

Yuan Yutang was wearing a bamboo hat and coir raincoat, carrying a bag, and led the limping red rabbit through the heavy rain.

After walking for a while, Yuan Yutang looked back at the ruins of Gu County faintly visible in the rain, and immediately tightened his coir raincoat. In addition to the ancient book "Secret of Tiangang" placed next to him, there was an extra urn for ashes.

It contained the ashes of a shabby old man.

Staring for a long time, Yuan Yutang sighed softly, as if saying goodbye silently, patted the ashes urn in his arms, and said softly, "Master, I will take you home. You have worked so hard for most of your life, and you can take a good rest in the future Now, I will shoulder the burden of honoring the lintel and revitalizing the sect, and you can die with peace of mind."

"Above, I swear to heaven and earth as the twenty-eighth head of Zhu Shanzong... Yu Jizi!"

After that, he went back on the road.

The wind and rain all around seemed to see him off.


Last night, he finally knew what merits and virtues really do.

It turns out that "Tiangang Secret Art" is actually the legendary Taoist's supreme thirty-six magical powers of Tiangang.

One hundred points of merit in each episode can unlock a kind of supernatural power.

The painted-skinned evil spirit has been doing evil for nearly two hundred years, and nearly tens of thousands of people have died tragically under its claws.

It is also because of this that once the painted-skinned evil spirit died, he contributed a full hundred points of merit to him, directly allowing him to obtain the first supernatural power in "Tiangang Secret Art"-calling the wind and calling the rain!

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling hot in his heart, and with a thought, the raindrops within a radius of five feet stagnated in the air for an instant, and then a breeze blew out of thin air, surrounding him and going straight up several feet into the sky, like a small tornado.

The wind whirls and the rain stops, which is indeed a spectacle.

This is the legendary supernatural power of summoning wind and calling rain.

Summoning the wind, controlling the wind, and driving the wind are for calling the wind!

Rain control, rain control, and rain distribution are for rain!

As long as he is willing, the wind and rain within ten feet in diameter can do whatever he wants.

"Cough cough cough..."

Yuan Yutang suddenly bent down and coughed violently, the circling breeze immediately dissipated, and the stagnant raindrops poured down again.

"Woo..." Letting go of the hand covering his mouth, Yuan Yutang looked at the bright red in his palm and couldn't help but smile wryly.

In the battle last night, he had already been injured to the root.

There has never been power for no reason, as much as you want to get, you have to pay as much.

Although a sloppy old man lent him half of his skills, but it was his physical body that carried the power to run.

It is not so easy to bear the power far beyond one's own. While supporting Yuan Yutang's super-strong performance in combat, it is also counterattacking himself.

After a great battle, he was overworked and injured.

It's also thanks to his newly obtained Tiangang supernatural power.

With supernatural powers close by, one will naturally step into the Warlock class, and can absorb the aura of heaven and earth on their own to form a mana cycle.

Because of the mana to nourish his body, Yuan Yutang can still act like a normal person, otherwise he would have to lie in bed for at least a year and a half.

Even so, Yuan Yutang estimated that it would take at least three months to completely heal the hidden injuries in his body.

And try not to use magic power during this period, otherwise the injury is likely to aggravate again.

After finally stopping coughing, Yuan Yutang showed a look of fatigue on his face, and laughed at himself, "What is there to be dissatisfied with, at least you are still alive, and you have obtained the supernatural power that others dream of, so don't be greedy."

The night is getting thicker, and the heavy rain that has been raining for a whole day has not stopped at all, but it has a tendency to become more intense.

This kind of rainy day was really hard to drive, so Yuan Yutang found a dry cave, paved hay to keep out the cold, and after placing the red rabbit that was also badly injured, he set up a bonfire, lit the fire, and started Check the bags left behind by the slovenly old man.

The luggage is in tatters, and I don't know how many mountains, rivers, forests and streams I have followed the sloppy old road.

Now the luggage is still there, but the owner has passed away.

Open the lid, there is a familiar big smoking gun inside besides a sour and smelly changing gown.

During the battle last night, the sloppy and old-fashioned wine gourd seemed to be damaged, and Yuan Yutang searched the ruins but couldn't find it.

After searching carefully, Yuan Yutang found that there was an old yellow booklet with a side-sealed hard cover at the bottom of the luggage, and a piece of starched paper was sandwiched inside.

Taking out the yellow booklet, Yuan Yutang looked at the paper first, and it was a formal certificate issued by the government, and the name on it was Lao Dao Yuji.

To avoid thinking about others by looking at things, Yuan Yutang carefully put away the certificate next to his body, and then flipped through the yellow booklet.

[I was originally an abandoned disciple. I have no hope of entering the wall again in this life. I have no choice but to set up another mountain gate. I hope that the disciples of the next generation will remember that this sect is in the same line as Sanmao. If there are conflicts in the future, we must guard against arrogance and impetuosity, and give up three points...]

Looking at the preface written by the patriarch himself, Yuan Yutang was thoughtful, and immediately continued to read it.

The yellow booklet is not thick, about a hundred pages, the handwriting is very different every few pages, it is obviously written by different people, and the book was written together.

Looking at the inscribed names on the last few pages, Yuan Yutang inexplicably felt a little moist in his eyes.

Another fish machine.

Exhaling heavily, Yuan Yutang put down the booklet, walked to the edge of the cave, watched the torrential outside, and remained silent for a long time.

That yellow booklet is exactly the secret booklet that Sloppy Old Daoist once said about the head of the sect. It records Zhu Shanzong's travel experience and major events in the practice world in the nearly 300 years since the founding of Zhu Shanzong, including the mountains and rivers inside and outside Shenzhou. Rivers, the trend of land veins, folk customs of various places, ghosts and ghosts, and many other contents.

In Yuan Yutang's understanding, it can be regarded as a simple version of the encyclopedia of the Great Xia Dynasty, which just helps him integrate into this era.

According to the records in the book, the patriarch seems to be from the Sanmao sect, which is the orthodox school of Taoism today. Later, due to some reasons, his cultivation level was abolished and he was expelled from the sect.

The specific reason is not recorded in the book, and now that Zhu Shanzong's family members are withered, Yuan Yutang can't do it even if he wants to ask, not to mention he is not interested in old muddled accounts, so he can let it go.

The patriarch seems to be very talented. After being abolished, he did not give up on himself. Later, he started from the beginning and found another way to re-cultivate the Dharma.

According to the booklet, Zhu Shanzong had nearly a thousand disciples at its peak, and its power was at its peak, approaching the top five mountains and seven sects.

It's a pity that because of being involved in the royal rebellion, his background was severely damaged, and he has never recovered since then, completely losing the chance to be promoted to the top sect.

When it was inherited to the sloppy old way, the gate wall declined, almost to the point where the dharma lineage was cut off.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but sigh.

It's just that he didn't get entangled too much, and absorbed other valuable knowledge recorded in the book like a madman.

Since ancient times, monsters have been rampant in the world, and people have been living in charcoal.

Only warlocks can compete with it.

And the mainstay of the magicians in the world is none other than Buddhism and Taoism.

Among them, the realm of Taoist warlocks can be roughly divided into four realms, which are the four realms of monks, real people, human immortals, and earth immortals.

Anyone who has developed his physical body to the acquired limit can absorb the aura of heaven and earth, and can be called a monk.

If a sorcerer at the monk level cultivates so hard that he can get rid of the shackles of the acquired, cultivate the innate aura, and step into the innate realm, he can be a real person.

Above the real person is a human immortal, also known as the purple robe real person, who needs to go through four or nine minor catastrophes, temper the physical body and spirit, and condense the outer body of the birth, the soul can temporarily leave the mortal body, control many supernatural powers, and can be called a human immortal .

Above the human immortals is the Earth Immortal, with great supernatural powers, knowing yin and yang, grasping the stars and taking the moon, and overwhelming mountains and seas. Except that they cannot live forever, they are no doubt like ordinary immortals. They can be called immortals walking in the world, so they are called Earth Immortals.

Buddhism has another set of independent realm divisions, which can be roughly divided into four realms: novice monk, mage, king vajra, and bodhisattva.

Buddhist disciples practice Buddhism day and night and practice martial arts to strengthen their bodies. When their cultivation reaches the acquired limit, they can become novice monks or monks.

Above the novice monks are mages, and most of the mages are eminent monks, who help the world and save the people, and save all sentient beings. In this realm, one can cultivate the golden body of the Arhat, which is impenetrable by water and fire, and invulnerable by swords and guns. As long as the faith is not shattered, all evils can be warded off.

Above the sorcerer is the Vajra. Buddhist disciples in this realm can transform the golden body of the Arhat into a vajra indestructible body. The defense power is far more than a hundred times that of the sorcerer's realm, and it has the power to suppress the world's evil spirits. equal name.

Bodhisattva is the last state before becoming a Buddha and proving the Tao. He has great supernatural powers, understands cause and effect, and has an immortal body.

In addition to Buddhism and Taoism, there are many miscellaneous schools of schools, with their own set of realm divisions, but most of them have declined like Zhushan sect and are not recognized by mainstream forces, so it is worth not to mention it.

Monsters are collectively referred to as beings with spirits after they have successfully cultivated. The general realms are divided into goblins—monsters—big demons—demon kings.

It takes a hundred years for a goblin to gain wisdom, two hundred years for a monster to transform into form, five hundred years for a big monster to overcome calamity, and more than a thousand years to become a demon king.

Humans are the end of ghosts, and ghosts are the beginning of humans. Humans and ghosts are transformed forms. There are two types of ghosts. The incorporeal is the soul, which feeds on the soul by harming people's lives to nourish itself; .

Ghosts can be roughly divided into four levels: wandering souls, resentful souls, fierce ghosts, and ghost kings.

Wandering souls, if the three souls and seven souls left by ordinary people after death do not return to the underworld in time, after being washed away by the filth of the mundane world, they will lose their minds after a long time and wander around the world in a daze. Such ghosts occupy the vast majority of ghosts. Generally harmless to living humans unless provoked.

Resentful souls, this kind of ghosts usually have a strong attachment to the regrets of their lives, and there is an extra resentment in the soul, which usually lingers at the scene of death, has a certain aggressiveness towards living people, and will actively attack innocent people who enter its territory.

Li Gui, this is the form of a resentful soul after a long period of refinement. It has re-opened its spiritual wisdom and is extremely vicious. It is the most vicious thing that ordinary people can escape from death and is no longer bound to the scene of death.

The king of ghosts is the ruler standing at the top of the ghost crowd. Most of them are adult old ghosts. After attaining the Tao, they possess great magic power, are immortal, and can rule the ghosts. In Yangjian, the strength will be greatly reduced.


Although these records are vague and one-sided, they are very important to Yuan Yutang, allowing him to have a general understanding of the world's power system.

Even if you meet someone of the same kind in the future and start a conversation, you won't be ridiculed because you don't know anything.


		