

The night is getting darker, and it is still far away from the fourth watch that the strange scholar in the dream often comes.

The Nie Family Manor in the darkness seemed to be normal, but in fact, it was already a war, and basically all the young and strong who could fight were tense.

This is another insurance for Nie Sanyuan to fight to the death. No matter what, he can't bear his beloved daughter being taken away by that scholar.

In such a turbulent environment, Yuan Yutang arranged for Chen Changsheng to walk around the yard alone after protecting Lanxi closely.

This Xiaoqian is not that Xiaoqian.

This is his latest conclusion.

He recalled that the female ghost Xiaoqian in the movie once revealed her life experience to Ning Caichen. It seemed that she was sold to a rich family when she was young. , After being murdered viciously, the corpse was thrown into a mass grave, and the corpse was controlled by the tree demon's grandmother, who was forced to become a ghost who worked for tigers.

The trajectories of life are different, and there are also differences in temperament.

Although it is not ruled out that the female ghost Xiaoqian may deliberately deceive Ning Caichen by selling misery, he still instinctively concludes that this Xiaoqian is not that Xiaoqian.

But no matter what, since there are evil spirits making trouble, he has to take care of whatever he says.

Considering that the strange scholar came and went without a trace, he had to think of a countermeasure.

It just so happened that he had a spell that he had never used before, so he just used it to test the effect.


For a moment, it seemed that the whole world fell silent.

The wind no longer circulates, the fallen leaves no longer fall, the river stops, the sun and the moon are in the same sky.

Such a strange situation is not possible in reality.

This is the world of dreams.

The Nie Family Village, which is basically the same as the reality, is empty.

Suddenly, a slender figure appeared out of thin air, breaking the oppressive silence.

Taking a closer look, it was a handsome scholar with red lips and white teeth, wearing a groom's uniform and a big red flower tied on his chest.

The scholar randomly pointed a few times in the void, and a big red flower bridge inexplicably appeared in the void, and it could miraculously suspend in mid-air even if no one lifted it.

Bringing the big red flower bridge, the scholar came to Nie Xiaoqian's boudoir with a smile on his face and muttered loudly, "Lady, my husband is here to pick you up, are you ready?"

The lingering sound fell, but the boudoir did not respond at all.

The scholar was not annoyed either, he smiled and said to himself, "It seems that my beautiful lady is very shy, it's okay, I'll let my husband invite you down."

As he spoke, he took out a few paper figurines from his arms, muttered words, and then threw the paper figurines into the air.

A miraculous scene happened.

I saw those fluttering paper men turned into flesh and blood people strangely after falling to the ground.

There are matchmakers with heavy make-up, joyous bearers in red clothes, and joy bands beating gongs and drums, and a whole team of welcoming parties has been assembled.

Immediately, the gongs, drums, and silk bamboos were everywhere, and the matchmaker was talking endlessly pleasant words, and the coldness in front of the boudoir turned into a lively wedding scene.

It was just lively for a long time, but there was no movement in the boudoir.

The scholar couldn't help but frowned, wanting to get angry, but he was afraid of the abrupt beauty, so he could only hold back his anger and softly persuaded, "Lady, don't be coquettish, your marriage is destined, why go against the sky? Besides My husband really loves you, and I will never treat you badly after you get married, as time goes by, you will naturally know my husband’s sincerity.”

"The auspicious time is coming soon, lady, don't delay the time, open the door quickly."

The saliva was almost dry, and the door of the boudoir was always closed.

After all the good words, the scholar gradually began to get annoyed.

Just when the scholar was about to force his way in and tie Mei Jiaoniang down, the door suddenly creaked and slowly opened.

Stunned, the scholar saw a bride with a phoenix crown and a xiapei, as beautiful as a fairy, coming gracefully.

"This this……"

The scholar was dumbfounded for a moment, and was so shocked by Nie Xiaoqian's beauty after dressing up that he couldn't even speak properly.

Nie Xiaoqian gave him a charming look, covered her mouth and said with a coquettish smile, "Idiot."

That playful and soft voice, like pearls falling on a jade plate, and like the sound of nature, could not draw out the scholar's soul.

After waking up, the scholar suddenly became elated, and said incoherently in disbelief, "This, you, me, ah, no, lady, you finally figured it out, are you going to marry me?"

Nie Xiaoqian smiled coquettishly again, and shyly blamed, "You have already moved the welcoming team to my door, what else can I do?"

Hearing this, the scholar felt as if his heart had been hit hard by something, and he was so excited that he couldn't help himself for a while.

Seeing that the scholar was still having fun, Nie Xiaoqian said coquettishly, "Hey, idiot, isn't the auspicious time coming soon? What are you waiting for?"

The scholar heard the words as if awakened from a dream, nodded hastily and said, "That's right, that's right, it's fortunate that the lady reminded me, otherwise the important event will be delayed."

As he spoke, he went up to pick up Nie Xiaoqian's pink and white catkin pretending to be free and easy, and suppressed his excitement and said, "Mother, lady, I will send you to the sedan chair for my husband."

Nie Xiaoqian pretended to struggle a few times and then let the scholar play with her little hand, blushing, and coquettishly said, "Idiot~"

Then he was led obediently into the sedan chair.

The elated scholar didn't even have time to think about why Nie Xiaoqian, who was extremely resistant to him overnight, suddenly gave in. Now all he can think about is going home to the bridal chamber.

Just like that, the weird welcoming team left without a dream.


"How is it? Nothing will happen, right?"

The lights in Nie's Village were brightly lit, and the young and strong men of Zhuang Ding were fully armed and surrounded Nie Xiaoqian's boudoir as if facing an enemy.

Nie Sanyuan walked back and forth anxiously, anxiously asking Yan Chixia and the others who were waiting by the side from time to time.

Yan Chixia grinned, and comforted, "Mr. Nie, don't panic, I have my younger brother to help, and I promise that the sinister scholar will come and go."

"But..." Nie Sanyuan hesitated to speak.

At this time, Li Chunyi took over the conversation and said calmly, "Mr. Nie, don't look at Yuan Yutang's young age, but his cultivation of Taoism is unpredictable. He has killed more monsters than you can imagine, so wait with peace of mind, soon Then we will know."

Talking to this extent, if you talk too much, you will offend people, Nie Sanyuan sighed, turned around and walked out of the crowd.

Not far away, under a gazebo, there were two or three figures talking in it, they were Chen Changsheng, Lan Xi and Nie Xiaoqian.

How is this going?

Wasn't Nie Xiaoqian picked up by that scholar in a dream?

Why is she still here?

Is there something else wrong with it?

Seeing Nie Sanyuan coming, Nie Xiaoqian stood up happily and said, "Daddy."

"Ah~" The baby girl is fine, and Nie Sanyuan, who is so anxious, rarely shows joy.

Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi also got up and said hello.

Nie Sanyuan hurriedly replied, "Miss Gongzi has worked so hard for the little girl, and Nie is very grateful."

Chen Changsheng didn't speak, Lan Xi showed a smile, "Mr. Nie is in the eyes. My young master loves fighting injustices. With him, he will definitely eliminate all future troubles for Miss Nie. Please be at ease, Mr. Nie."

Nie Sanyuan sighed and said, "I hope so, but then again, Master Yuan ordered you not to enter the building no matter what happens, is this really okay?"

Both Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi laughed without saying a word.

Nie Sanyuan had no choice but to wait anxiously.


The logic in the dream is chaotic and absurd.

The welcoming team unexpectedly flashed to Nanping Mountain, a hundred miles away.

At this time, Nanping Mountain is covered with red and colorful colors, and it is very lively, changing from the former forest and barrenness.

In the open space at the foot of the mountain, hundreds of tables of flowing water seats were set up, full of guests.

Although the atmosphere was very festive and lively, if someone saw the true face of the guests, they might be scared out of their wits.

The guests who were pushing glasses and changing glasses and chatting wantonly are not human, they are clearly a group of terrifying demons and ghosts!

The burned ghost with rotten flesh and pig's head and human body are shoulder to shoulder, the staring and long-tongued hanged ghost and the toad spirit with bulging eyes and wide mouth are guessing and gambling, and the half-rotten female ghost is flirting with the stinky and thick-haired bull spirit. .

The scene was both harmonious and shocking, and I will never forget it after seeing it.

Soon, the hustle and bustle of the atmosphere reached its peak, and a beaming scholar came to the scene.

There was a pause, and then the scene erupted like a volcano, and all kinds of flattering and flattering words burst out.

"Congratulations to Maharaja Hua Xu for embracing the beauty!"

"Congratulations to Maharaja Huaxu on the happy marriage, and grow old~"

"Majesty Huaxu is mighty and domineering, beautiful and blessed~"

"Maharaja Hua Xu please invite Mrs. Madam out to open everyone's eyes~ Let's see what kind of peerless beauty the Majesty is looking for~"

The so-called people are refreshed on happy occasions, those vulgar congratulations were heard by the scholar known as Hua Xu Maharaja, like drinking nectar, he immediately smiled back and said, "Thank you brothers for not giving up, come to my wedding banquet , the wine is light and the food is light, I hope you can forgive me if you don’t get greeted~ Come on, everyone raise your glass, let’s not get drunk tonight!”

As soon as the words fell, the monsters and ghosts at the table responded loudly, and the atmosphere was extremely heated.

After hastily drinking a few glasses of water and wine, Maharaja Hua Xu handed over the heavy responsibility of entertaining the guests to others, and then couldn't wait to return to the newly decorated cave house.

A spring night is worth a thousand dollars. If you have free time to entertain those crooked melons and dates, it is better to go to Wushan with the beauties earlier.

Coming to the interior of the cave painted in red and green, a graceful and graceful lady sits quietly on an exquisitely furnished new bed.

Seeing Maharaja Hua Xu coming, he couldn't help lowering his head shyly, not daring to face his fiery gaze.

"Good lady, the good lady whom I miss day and night, come for my husband~"

Maharaja Hua Xu was completely ignited by Meijiao Niang's charming demeanor, he removed his coat indiscriminately, and a hungry tiger threw the bride on the bed.

"Oh, I hate it~" The bride raised her small pink fist and beat the Maharaja Hua Xu with reluctance.

Maharaja Huaxu laughed out loud, thinking that having a wife is such a thing, what more can a husband ask for, as if he had reached the pinnacle of his life all of a sudden, he couldn't help pouting and chewing on the fragrant bride for a while.

The bride wanted to refuse and welcome, and soon the air in the cave became charming and scorching.

Just gnawing and gnawing, Maharaja Hua Xu realized something was wrong.

Why is it so smelly?

A strong smell of mutton suddenly penetrated into his nostrils. It smelled like he hadn't bathed in decades, and it made people want to vomit.

At first he thought that he was too excited and had hallucinations, but soon his stomach was overwhelmed, and he couldn't help lying on the bedside and vomited crazily.

"Ugh~Ugh~"

Maharaja Huaxu seemed to be vomiting out all his internal organs to feel happy, with tears streaming down his face, and he was extremely embarrassed.

"Husband, husband, what's wrong with you?"

Seeing this, the bride on the bed hurried over to help comfort her back.

Maharaja Huaxu said out of breath as he vomited, "Mother, lady, it's not because of your husband's talkativeness, your hygiene habits, yes, need to be improved..."

After vomiting all the food residues in his stomach, Maharaja Hua Xu felt better, turned over and lay down weakly, and even took the bride down with him, and the new sandalwood bed under him suddenly creaked under the weight.

Panting for a moment, Fang Jue calmed down.

Worried that he would offend his sweet wife, Maharaja Hua Xu wanted to apologize.

Unexpectedly, the moment he turned his head, he jumped out of the bed in shock, his whole body was instantly drenched in sweat, and he was dumbfounded and speechless.

"Husband, what's the matter?" The bride leaned half of her body in doubt, and put on a seductive posture with a beautiful body.

A few moments ago, Maharaja Hua Xu might have found it extremely tempting, but now, in his eyes, it was like a nightmare.

God!

Why did he, who is so charming and charming, turn into a fat old sow with a hideous face and a stench?

Afraid of hallucinations, Maharaja Hua Xu rubbed his eyes unwillingly.

But when she opened her eyes, it was still the disgusting old sow with fat head, big ears, protruding nose and wide mouth.

Recalling what he did just now holding the old sow, the strong desire to vomit just now reappeared.

"vomit~"

Maharaja Hua Xu performed another feat of a human fountain on the spot.

"Yeah~ Husband~"

The sow spirit on the bed didn't know that the blindfold had failed, and was very dedicated to take care of Maharaja Hua Xu.

"Don't come here~"

Maharaja Hua Xu, who was vomiting and rejoicing, suddenly shuddered, and let out a horrific scream.

At this time, a piercing laughter suddenly came from above the cave.

"Hahahaha, it's fun, it's really fun, I laughed so hard~"

The heartbroken Maharaja Huaxu raised his eyes viciously, and suddenly saw a handsome young man with delicate features hiding on the top of the cave at some time, holding a stone pillar to maintain his body with one hand, and laughing loudly with the other.

The most humiliating scene in life was seen by outsiders, which made Maharaja Hua Xu extremely desperate. The most disgusting thing was that the man laughed so hard that tears flowed out.

Maharaja Hua Xu, who was ashamed and angry, almost lost his mind, his mind was full of one thought.

kill!

Kill that nasty boy and that damn sow so no one knows what happened!

"Die to me!"

With a roar of anger, Maharaja Huaxu flew up from the spot, and shot at the nasty boy with hatred.

The person who is so powerful that he can hide the truth from Maharaja Hua Xu is naturally the one behind the scenes who planned this wonderful and wonderful show——Yuan Yutang.

Facing the menacing Maharaja Hua Xu, Yuan Yutang did not panic at all, and instantly activated his golden light supernatural power, and teleported out of the cave out of thin air, easily dodging the thunder strike.

"Hee hee, I didn't expect the legendary nightmare, which is half ghost and half beast, to have such a hobby. No way, it's better to have fun alone than to have fun with others. I have to spread this good news!"

There is a cloud in "The Great Wilderness Classic": There are strange things in the world, half ghosts and half beasts, raised by nature, their nature is rooted in Yin, feed on dreams, manipulate dreams, and they are nightmares.

The ancient name of the dream is Hua Xu, no wonder this guy calls himself the Lord Hua Xu, it turns out he is really a nightmare

Yuan Yutang smirked a few times with ill intentions, and then taking advantage of the moment when Maharaja Hua Xu was stunned by the revelation of the secret, he took a deep breath and shouted in the direction of the banquet not far away:

"Everyone, come and see, it turns out that the charming beauty that Maharaja Hua Xu talked about is actually a fat sow, hahaha~"

"..." Maharaja Hua Xu couldn't stop him, as if he was thrown from heaven to hell.

What is killing and punishing one's heart, this is called killing one's heart and punishing one's heart! ! !

At this moment, Maharaja Hua Xu felt ashamed and even wanted to commit suicide.

(I wish all book lovers a happy National Day holiday~)

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter Thirty-Eight Nightmare 4k large chapters are free to read.




		