

The eighteenth year of Daxia Taikang, the ninth day of August.

Shaozhou.

Shaozhou has peculiar landforms, dominated by mountains and hills, with river valleys and basins distributed among them. .

Among them, Tianshui Yise Lake is one of the top ten famous lakes in the world. Since ancient times, countless calligraphy treasures of literati and poets have been left behind.

At this time, the sun is rising, the morning fog is still there, and the vast lake stretching for hundreds of miles is dyed golden by the sunlight, as if the sky and water are one color, so beautiful that it is not like the scenery in the world.

On the shore with lush vegetation, there is a small figure sitting cross-legged in meditation facing the scorching sun.

The little figure is a cute little girl carved in pink and jade. Although she is young, she has an extremely focused expression. She sits cross-legged with her short hands and feet stacked in a decent manner, her small brows are slightly frowned, and her eyelids are trembling slightly, as if she is distracted.

"With no distracting thoughts in mind, keep the spirit altar!"

Just when the little girl was about to wake up from her meditation, suddenly there seemed to be a huge and high divine voice vibrating in the dark.

The little girl's body trembled when she heard the words, and the distraction that had just arisen was instantly defeated, and she concentrated again.

"Well, children can be taught."

Seeing the little girl meditating deeply again, the mysterious person who didn't know where she was couldn't help but feel relieved and applauded.

The sun is three poles high, the scorching sun is in the sky, and it is about to enter the noon.

At this time, the shore is no longer cool in the morning, and the sun above the head emits a scorching heat wave, scorching everything on the earth.

Although the little girl meditated deeply, her body was still sweating profusely from the scorching sun.

Suddenly!

The illusory and mysterious voice sounded again.

"Inhale the essence of the sun, strengthen the soul, blow the air into the sea, and penetrate the body with force!"

"It's now!"

In an instant, the flat ground aroused a sharp wind, and the little girl disappeared in an instant.

Taking a closer look, she actually leaped to a height of tens of feet, like an eagle hitting the sky, overflowing with indescribable arrogance.

"[Eternal Mang Tianjue], God and man break the sun, kill!"

Just as the mysterious voice fell, the little girl's pink lips parted slightly, and she let out a thunderous howl, causing the airflow to become disordered.

Immediately afterwards, I saw the little girl ferrying across the sky, and punched out from a distance.

boom!

Just like a huge wave hitting the shore, the little man punched out a vigorous fist shadow the size of a water tank from the air, roaring straight to the mirror-like calm lake.

bump!

The next moment, a huge water column about ten feet thick and fifty feet high suddenly rose.

The little girl is so terrifying?

"Wow, it's amazing, it's amazing, I finally succeeded~"

After all, she was still young, and the little girl was elated when she saw that she had created such a huge momentum, regardless of whether she was still in the air, she cheered and clapped happily.

The so-called extreme joy begets sorrow, the little girl got carried away with complacency, did not control the flow of mana, suddenly lost her balance, and fell from the sky sideways.

"Ah~" the little girl danced and screamed, her big eyes filled with fear.

"Help, Grandpa Niu!!"

Seeing that the little girl was about to fall to the ground.

All of a sudden, the weeds, vines, and roots on the ground suddenly grew wildly, forming a huge hollow basket in the blink of an eye.

The little girl fell heavily on the basket, and the gravity of the fall was immediately offset by the soft and tough hollow platform, and even bounced the little girl into the air, like a trampoline on the earth.

"Heck, it's fun, it's fun~"

The little girl was just at the age of innocence, and in a blink of an eye, she forgot the thrill of her life hanging by a thread just now, and jumped happily on the huge trampoline-like basket.

"Hehe~"

A huge figure slowly walked out of the woods on the bank, it was a big green bull.

The big green bull came to the front of the huge basket and snorted loudly.

Then the near god

The miraculous basket of plants and trees disappeared without a trace, and the little girl who was playing happily dropped a solid ass immediately under her feet.

"Oh, my ass is about to explode~"

The little girl rubbed her little butt with tears in her eyes, and complained with her mouth flattened, "Hmph, bad grandpa!"

Daqing Niu chuckled, and said in a human voice, "You child, you are naughty! I have told you thousands of times not to be distracted when you practice, but you just can't listen to it. What if Grandpa Niu didn't have time to rescue you just now?" , aren’t you going to break it? If I don’t teach you a lesson, I’m afraid you won’t have a long memory!”

The little girl knew she was in the wrong, she stuck out her little tongue and didn't dare to make any more noise, and trot obediently to Da Qingniu, worked hard to massage Da Qingniu's back, smiled innocently and said, "Grandpa Niu, [Wan Gu Mang] Heavenly Judgment] is so powerful, is there any more powerful spiritual powers that I can teach others?"

The big green cow looked at the little girl lovingly, and said with a helpless smile, "Little slippery boy, before Grandpa Niu tried every means to beg you to learn some skills, now that he has tasted the sweetness, he has learned to follow the pole without a teacher. The essence is exactly the same as that cunning master of yours!"

The little girl who was originally smiling suddenly turned cloudy when she heard this, she shook her hands angrily and hummed, "You are not allowed to slander my master! Master is the best good person in the world, he is not some cunning bastard!"

"Hmph, I'm ignoring you!"

As he spoke, he ran away with short legs.

"Hey, hey, hey, don't run away, Grandpa Niu will teach you [Eternal Mang Tianjue] the second level of mind!" Da Qingniu hurriedly tempted.

Little girl, no, it should be Yuan Yutang's chief disciple who refused without looking back, "I don't want to learn, I don't want to learn, Grandpa Niu is a villain, I don't want to learn the skills of a villain!"

The body of Daqingniu is a ten thousand-year-old man with such a noble personality.

This kind of unparalleled powerhouse in the world, meeting Yuan Yutang's master and apprentice is like meeting a nemesis by fate.

Not only was Yuan Yutang designed and signed an unequal treaty, but he was forced to turn into a green bull for him to drive, and now he is even manipulated by a little girl like Xibei, and no one will believe her when she tells it.

I don't know what's wrong with him, so I insist on learning from his inheritance.

This is not entirely devoid of dignity.

In desperation, Da Qingniu had no choice but to pinch his nose in a low voice to apologize, and only then did he coax his anger into joy.

One person and one cow laughed and played back to the newly renovated Jingshan School.

Today's Jingshan sect is completely different from Yuan Yutang's dilapidated state when they first came here.

It has been almost three months since Yuan Yutang left Shaozhou, and the craftsmen hired before leaving Shaozhou had already finished renovating the dilapidated buildings.

Flying eaves, bucket arches, carved beams and painted buildings, finally have the majesty and style that the warlock school should have.

The only downside is that the population here is thin, a little less angry, but a little more cold.

Hehe just entered the mountain gate when a black and white shadow rushed into her arms.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

Flat-headed like a shovel, with a cute naivety, who else is not Jingshanzong's number one favorite Pingtou brother?

Brother Pingtou, a snack guy, seems to be inseparable from snacks all day long. He is holding a big green pear in his two little paws and licking it happily.

Chuck giggled happily, left the big green cow behind, and went to play with Brother Pingtou by himself.

Daqing Niu peacefully looked at the retreating figure and smirked.

It's hard to imagine that words such as peace, kindness and love will be associated with the evil old leader Da Qingniu.

But the other side of Daqingniu is destined not to be known to outsiders. The smile on his face quickly retracted, and he said coldly, and then saw a glamorous nun walking in fear at the end of the corridor.

Isn't that glamorous Taoist nun with low eyebrows and pleasing eyes the Xinyuehu Zijuan, one of the three great immortals of the Jingshan Sect?

"I'm here to tell you, is the bone-building soup you've cooked ready?" Daqing Niu asked Zijuan expressionlessly.

Zicuckoo did not dare to look directly at the intimidating pressure of the big green cow.

With compelled eyes, he lowered his head and whispered softly, "Returning to the words of the adults, the fire is lit in the third watch, the ingredients are cut in the fourth watch, and the soup is cooked in the fifth watch..."

"Noisy!" Da Qingniu interrupted dissatisfiedly, "I don't have time to listen to you asking for credit, I just need to go back to my seat to be ready or not!"

Zijuan's delicate body was shocked, and she was almost shaken by the inadvertent aura of the big green bull. She knelt down on the ground and kowtowed like a green onion, "I will not dare to offend the taboos of adults in the future... the adults ordered to cook The decoction has been prepared, please forgive me~"

Da Qingniu coldly snorted displeasedly, "Since the soup is ready, bring it up quickly, it's almost noon, don't starve my darling to death!"

Zicuckoo trembled like chaff, knelt on the ground and shivered.

"Go soon?" Da Qingniu rebuked dissatisfiedly.

Only then did Zijuan receive a warm amnesty, and hurried down to work without hesitation.

What's going on here?

Why does Daqingniu, like the master of Jingshan sect, reprimand and drive away Dharma protector Zicuckoo.

Could it be that he wants to take advantage of Yuan Yutang's absence to occupy the magpie's nest?


Time flies, and the blink of an eye is already on the tip of the moon.

Under the night, the Jingshan Sect, which was already empty during the day, looked even more deserted at this time.

The one and only owner, 呶呶, was already sleeping soundly in the boudoir with Brother Pingtou in his arms.

However, in the silence of the night, another figure broke the silence, carrying a lantern and walking towards the back mountain.

The man walked familiarly through the dense forest in the back mountain, and soon came to a hidden cave.

In the pitch-black cave, two figures could be vaguely seen sitting.

"Two Dao brothers, my younger sister has brought you food."

Then with the dim light of the lantern, it can be seen that the person who came was Zicuckoo carrying a food box.

The two figures in the cave sneered disdainfully upon hearing this, and neither responded.

Zijuan sighed faintly and took out several plates of delicate dishes and two jugs of wine from the food box, and said softly, "I know that the two Taoist brothers are angry, but those who know the current affairs are outstanding, we don't want to be angry with Lord Mokui! "

"Bah!" One of the figures sneered contemptuously, "Well, you three-surname servant, you can say such shameless words!"

"Even if labor and capital starve to death, they will never eat the food that the seller seeks for glory. Take your things and get out!"

Zijuan sighed aggrievedly, "Brother Dao, why are you so stubborn? If you didn't insist on reporting on Lord Mokui, how could you have fallen into such a state?"

"Lord Mokui is also a member of our sect, if my family doesn't talk about the two family affairs, why should there be such a deadlock..."

"Shut up!" Another figure who hadn't spoken all this time stopped coldly.

"As Dharma protectors, we should safeguard the interests of the sect, instead of rushing to the flames, with both ends! The head of the sect trusts us, so he let us stay to take care of Xiexi!" The man became more and more angry, roaring angrily Said, "Nothing to be courteous, if you are a woman, you are stealing. I, the black three, don't believe that the old man will want to teach the exercises for no reason! If there is an accident with the 呶呶, let's see how you explain it when the master comes back!"

"Differences do not conspire with each other, get out, and don't come here again!"

Zijuan was reprimanded until her face turned green and pale, and there seemed to be murderous intent in her beautiful eyes.


		