

Hearing about the authentic Mi Xin of the invincible sect Chunyang who dominated the world for a hundred years ago thousands of years ago, Yuan Yutang didn't feel too much trouble in his heart.

After all, no matter how brilliant Chunyang Zhengzong was in the past, it is a passing cloud after all.

It has nothing to do with him as a latecomer. If Bao inquired about holding the pure yang vajra body, he would be somewhat interested.

now...

That's it?

So he calmly waited for Bao Inquiry to give the remaining answers.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang didn't react much, Bao asked and sneered, coughed lightly to cover up his embarrassment and continued, "Okay, the Three-Headed True Monarch left a prophecy before I left——If you want to resolve the disaster of strange demons, Chongyang cord blood It is essential. If you can successfully obtain the cord blood of Chongyang, he will allow you to keep half of it and tell you how to resolve the disaster.”

After a pause, Bao Inquired took a deep look at Yuan Yutang, and said with a meaningful smile, "This is the reward, or one of the rewards, that Zhenjun gave you."

"As for how to obtain Chongyang cord blood..."

As he spoke, Bao Dingting took out an ordinary small porcelain bottle from his pocket and put it on the table, "This is the rare treasure that Zhenjun prepared for you - the sea-inclusive bottle. Don't underestimate the inconspicuousness of this treasure. This is a heavenly treasure!"

He also specially emphasized the words of the last four words of heavenly treasure, intending to highlight the value of the magic weapon.

It's a pity that he is destined to show his facial features to the blind.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but rolled his eyes, hehe.

Heavenly treasure?

How funny?

Do you really think he has never seen the world?

Admitting that the heaven-level treasure in Tiandi Xuanhuang is already the highest ranking of magic weapons, even a middle school may not be able to have a heaven-level treasure to suppress luck.

But who is he, Yuan Yutang?

What the hell is he the biggest hooker in the world of Liaozhai!

Not to mention the heavenly treasures, he owns no less than three spiritual weapons and artifacts above the supreme treasures.

Want to impress him with just a heavenly treasure?

Isn't this Zhu Bajie looking in the mirror-looking ugly?

After waiting for a long time, there was no response from Yuan Yutang. Bao Wenqu couldn't help but widen his eyes and said in surprise, "I said, brother, didn't you understand my words? Although this heavenly treasure is an important tool for intercepting Chongyang umbilical cord blood, after using it Zhenjun didn’t intend to take it back, it will belong to you when the time comes! Do you understand, this is another reward from Zhenjun! Is this not enough to impress you?”

Yuan Yutang had no choice but to show an embarrassed yet polite smile when he heard the words, and asked Bao directly, becoming speechless.

With big eyes and small eyes wide open for a while, Bao Wenshuang said like he was beating eggplants, "Okay, okay, the old man missed it, Master Yuan is so brave!"

Ignoring the sourness in Bao Inquiring's words, Yuan Yutang calmly picked up the all-inclusive bottle and played with it, asking casually, "How do you use this thing?"

Bao Tianting stared at the Henna Baichuan bottle in fear, and said distressedly, "Be careful, don't touch the treasure... When the strange monster is born, hold this bottle within a hundred feet of the strange monster, and the cord blood of the Chongyang Festival will be automatically collected .”

Yuan Yutang nodded, put down the all-inclusive bottle, and said solemnly, "You haven't answered my most important question yet."

"If I refuse, you, to be precise, what will happen to the three-headed True Monarch?"

Bao Da heard the words with a mysterious smile, looked at Yuan Yutang firmly and smiled, "You won't refuse, and you can't refuse!"

"Because in this world, only the three-headed true monarch can answer the biggest question in your heart!"


Chen Changsheng took Lan Xi to walk on the quiet streets at night.

The streets after the carnival must be a mess.

The rubbish on both sides of the street is almost piled up like a mountain, and there is a disgusting smell everywhere. There are thunderous snoring sounds from some dark places, and there must be a lot of drunks lying down.

The night wind blows through the streets and alleys, rolling up large pieces of garbage and circling in the air, making the whole city look like an abandoned capital.

Chen Changsheng carefully guarded Lan Xi, trying not to let the garbage affect this pure and pure little angel.

Seeing that he could return to the inn after turning a corner at the end of the street, unexpectedly, when passing by an alley, a sudden change occurred.

Chen Changsheng's face suddenly changed, and he pulled the ignorant Lan Xi behind him, as if facing a formidable enemy.

A beautiful woman suddenly appeared out of thin air on the empty street ahead, staring at Chen Changsheng and Chen Changsheng with a big smile.

For some reason, just being stared at by that woman gave Chen Changsheng goose bumps all over his body, as if he was stalked by a wild beast when he was alone in the wild.

Knowing that the visitor was not kind, Chen Changsheng decisively chose to turn around and seek help from his backbone, Yuan Yutang.

Unexpectedly, he just turned around and before he took a step, he stopped.

All because the back road was also blocked by people.

The person blocking the road behind is a handsome man with a face like a crown jade, indistinguishable between male and female.

There was a fierce tiger in front, and a hungry wolf in the back. Chen Changsheng and Chen Changsheng immediately became a fish in a urn.

The beautiful women and beautiful men in the front and back advanced at the same time, compressing the space for the two of Chen Changsheng to move.

The man and woman of unknown origin didn't stop until they were less than ten feet away from each other, and looked at the silent two with a smile on their faces.

Chen Changsheng looked vigilant, he firmly guarded Lan Xi behind him, his muscles tensed up like a trapped wolf.

After a while, the glamorous woman smiled and said sweetly, "Little princess, it can be considered that I have found you. Don't be self-willed, come home with us!"

Lan Xi, who was already trembling, heard the beautiful woman's words, she was afraid and did not dare to raise her head, and hid tightly behind Chen Changsheng.

Seeing this, the handsome handsome man couldn't help but shook his head, stepped forward and said with a smile, "Little princess, you will embarrass the servants like this, the ancestor misses you very much, obediently follow us."

As he said that, he was about to reach out to pull Lanxi, but he didn't look at Chen Changsheng the whole time, completely treating him as air.

Being despised can be tolerated, but bullying Lanxi is not acceptable!

Chen Changsheng got angry, and yelled fiercely, "Let go of your stinky hands, don't touch her!"

Squeeze the Jue with your hands, and the magic power is surging. The secret method "Li Huo Burning the Sky Code" not passed down by Jingshan Zong burst out with all its strength, and the blazing Li Huo burned passionately towards the handsome and beautiful man.

Facing the menacing Lihuo burning, the handsome and handsome man didn't panic at all, and snorted coldly, an invisible wind blade suddenly took shape, and galloped away like a thunderbolt.

Boom~

Amidst the loud and clear thunderous explosion, Tao Tao Lihuo was defeated in an instant. After smashing Lihuo, the wind blade remained undiminished, and quickly hit Chen Changsheng's chest.

"Ah~"

Chen Changsheng's feet left the ground, and he flew backwards like a kite with broken strings. The clothes on his chest were shattered, and blood gushed from a wound deep enough to show his bones.

Lan Xi stared blankly at Chen Changsheng, who crashed into the wall of the house and then fell to the ground, his life and death uncertain. Two lines of clear tears flowed from his beautiful big eyes in a daze.

"Hmph, overreaching!" The handsome and beautiful man wiped away the non-existent dust with disdain. Defeating Chen Changsheng was as insignificant as crushing a cockroach.

Without Chen Changsheng who was in the way, he restored Hexi's smiling face again, stretched out his hand to Lanxi and said with a smile, "Little princess, don't let those filthy mortals tarnish your noble status!"

Lan Xi was so frightened that she trembled all over, with tears streaming down her face, she bit her lip and protested silently.

The handsome and beautiful man smiled, thinking that Lanxi was playing with his temper and was about to take coercive measures.

At this time, a gloomy growl came from the dark place behind the street:

"If you dare to touch her, I will cut off your claws!!"


		