

There is an old saying in ancient times, which is called Wangshan running to a dead horse, which can be regarded as a perfect expression of the pain of traveling.

Now Chen Changsheng can fully understand the true meaning of that old saying.

In the past, he couldn't understand why most grassroots people might not be able to travel thirty miles away in their entire lives.

Isn't it a simple matter with legs if he wants to travel?

And later, with the protection of senior brother Yuan Yutang, no matter where he goes to the ends of the earth, the journey is unimpeded.

Over time, it gave him an illusion.

That is, although the world has a long way to go, I am willing to go there.

But when he left his senior brother for the first time and traveled alone, he realized how wrong he was.

Especially with a oil bottle Lanxi by his side.

In five full days, they traveled less than a hundred miles.

And Jizhou is at least four hundred miles away from them.

In other words, at their current speed, if they wanted to reach Jizhou, it would take at least twenty days.

And that was just arriving in Jizhou, not counting asking for information, finding out where Yan and Li were kidnapped, and then trying every means to rescue them.

According to their current speed, I am afraid that the ashes of the two seniors will be melted, and they may not be able to achieve their goals.

The cruel reality hit Chen Changsheng dizzily.

But how can a young man in the rebellious period admit defeat easily, let alone return home in despair.

Therefore, even though he knew that the road ahead was difficult, he had to grit his teeth and fight on.

That night, after a tiring day of running around, the delicate and frail Lan Xi had already complained incessantly.

As a warlock, Chen Changsheng's physical fitness was far beyond the reach of ordinary people, and it was not a problem to walk a mere twenty miles a day.

But I couldn't help feeling tired.

This time he had a deep experience of how difficult the road in the wilderness is.

Although the official road is flat, it is winding. If you walk along the official road, the distance between the two places will be at least five hundred miles longer. So in order to save time, they can only walk in a straight line through the barren mountains.

But how difficult it is to walk in the savage countryside and deep mountains is simply not enough for outsiders to understand.

Regardless of how easy it is to get lost in the deep mountains and wild forests, the rugged and difficult trails alone are enough to make them suffer.

The most outrageous thing is that sometimes when walking, the way is suddenly blocked by a mountain or a river, and it takes half a day to go around.

Moreover, he went too far on his own this time, and he didn't have a mule prepared to represent him at all. The straight path of more than 500 miles could only be completed with the soles of his feet.

Regardless of the fact that they only walked more than 20 miles a day, the energy and energy consumed was far greater than that of driving a hundred miles on flat ground.

Although Lan Xi was weak, he didn't hold back too much, which made the battered Chen Changsheng feel a little safe.

Seeing that the sky was about to get dark, the two of them hadn't eaten for a day, and they were already hungry.

Even though he was mentally and mentally exhausted, Chen Changsheng still managed to stand up, wanting to hunt for game or find some wild fruits to satisfy his hunger.

Instructing Lanxi not to run around, Chen Changsheng went to look for food step by step with a branch that served as a walking mountain.

"Quack quack ~"

"Jiujiujiu~"

"Whispering~"

Just before nightfall, all kinds of insects and beasts that have been sleeping for a day can't wait to wake up, ready to start the busiest hunting and foraging of the day.

Thinking that he was about to join the beasts, Chen Changsheng couldn't help but wryly smiled.

The sun sets and night falls.

Soon it was completely dark, not only the temperature dropped sharply, but also the atmosphere in the deep mountains turned 180 degrees. The roaring of animals, the hissing of birds and the chirping of insects brought the already weird atmosphere to a new level of terror.

Although Chen Changsheng wasn't afraid of mere snakes, insects, rats and ants, he still felt uncomfortable physiologically, with goose bumps crazily raised, and he couldn't help cursing himself for being ashamed in the bottom of his heart.

Tomorrow I will continue on my way, so I must not go to bed hungry, I must find something to replenish my strength.

Thinking of this, Chen Changsheng hastily sped up his movements, sweeping the knee-high grass with a branch, trying to scare out the pheasants and hares hiding in it.

It's a pity that after working for half an hour, I still got nothing.

In the dark mountain night, there are many dangers. In order to avoid unnecessary troubles, the disheartened Chen Changsheng had no choice but to accept the fate of failure, and was going to go back and wait until tomorrow morning to make plans.

However, the moment he turned around, he suddenly heard a creepy laugh.

"Hee, hee hee~"

This strange laugh seemed to be made by someone holding his throat deliberately, and it sounded particularly pervasive.

Chen Changsheng felt his scalp go numb in an instant, he couldn't help but straighten his body, and was extremely vigilant about the troubles around him.

But that weird smile seemed to be deliberately teasing people, and it disappeared in a flash, as if it was just a hallucination just now.

Chen Changsheng didn't dare to be careless, he listened to all directions and saw all directions, ready to deal a thunderous blow at any time.

He knew it wasn't a hallucination just now, something was staring at him.

Damn, how could I make such a low-level mistake.

You must know that moths are most likely to appear in the deep mountains and old forests, and he was not vigilant in this regard from the beginning to the end.

Now the enemy is dark and we are clear, and if you are not careful, you may lose everything.

Besides, Lanxi was still staying at the campsite alone.

He was the one who encouraged Lan Xi to sneak out together. If something happened to her, he would really have no face to go back to see his senior brother.

The more he wanted to calm down, the more confused his mind became, and Chen Changsheng couldn't help feeling a wave of upset.

Just when he was about to rush back desperately, that weird and strange smile reappeared like a gangrene.

"Hee, hee hee~"

That penetrating strange smile seemed to penetrate into the soul, making Chen Changsheng feel a chill from the inside out.

Seeing that Chen Changsheng was about to be tortured to the point of collapse by that strange smile, he suddenly bit the tip of his tongue forcefully.

Severe pain suddenly hit my heart, and the restless Lingtai was immediately cleared.

Seizing the rare opportunity to wake up, Chen Changsheng quickly thought about countermeasures.

But after thinking about it, he tragically found that he had too little experience in dealing with emergencies. Fortunately, at a critical moment, he thought of a solution that was not a solution.

That is to imitate Yuan Yutang's thinking mode.

If the senior brother encountered such a strange situation, what would he do?

By the way, as a senior brother personally, he decided not to sit still.

He will find a way to break the deadlock and turn passive into active!

Since the ghost hiding in the dark is still pretending to be a ghost and dare not show up, it proves that it is still afraid of itself.

After such an analysis, Chen Changsheng immediately took it to heart.

Taking a deep breath, he fiercely spat out the blood that overflowed from the bitten tip of his tongue. Chen Changsheng smiled ferociously, and immediately saw a flash of fire in the darkness.

"The Code of Li Huo Burning the Sky, the golden crow splits into space!!"

Before he finished speaking, he saw seven or eight ferocious fire crows consisting of Lihuo jumping out from around Chen Changsheng, attacking unstoppably from all directions.

Boom, boom, boom~

A series of explosions shocked Siye.

Soon the raging fire ignited the surrounding trees.

Golden Crow Splitting the Sky is a relatively profound spell in the Jingshan Zongzhen School's unique school "Li Huo Burning the Sky Code", and Chen Changsheng successfully used it at his current age, which is already enough to stand out from his peers.

But the price was that almost 90% of his mana was emptied, and it was difficult to continue for a while, so he could only anxiously hope that the strategy would succeed.

In late autumn, the old forest is dry and dry, and a little spark can easily cause a big fire to burn the mountain.

Chen Changsheng's plan was very simple. Going all out to set fire to the surrounding trees was equivalent to destroying the greatest support of that thing in the dark.

He didn't believe that the thing could still be hidden under the most upright and fierce fire.

"Wow, wow~"

Sure enough, before the fire spread, the southwest

A scream came from the sea of ​​flames, and then a short figure covered in flames leaped out, rolling wildly on the sandy ground.

"It's you who's waiting!"

Chen Changsheng, who was waiting in battle, was waiting for this moment, and with all his energy, he punched the short figure with a powerful punch.

Sensing the threat of death, the short figure on fire jumped suddenly with his hands on the ground, regardless of rolling and extinguishing Li Huo on his body.

boom!

At the critical moment, the short figure dodged in time, and before Chen Changsheng could change his move, he punched the ground with all his strength, and it immediately exploded like a cannonball, creating a strong wave of air.

"Want to run? No way!"

After the first attack failed, Chen Changsheng resolutely pursued the victory.

Having been entangled with that ghost for so long, he has long been suffocated with evil spirits, how could he allow that thing to escape, and suddenly exerted his strength, and immediately chased and killed the short figure who was in a hurry to escape from the flames.

There was no way to escape, the short figure couldn't help becoming fierce, roared in vain, and Lightning turned around and fiercely rushed towards Chen Changsheng who was chasing after him.

After all, it was due to his inexperience in fighting the enemy. Chen Changsheng didn't prevent the short figure from jumping over the wall to counterattack. He was thrown on him without noticing it, and rolled into a ball on the ground.

Chen Changsheng, who had already made his way to immortality, was no longer the ignorant boy he used to be. After a brief shock, he flew into a rage, and he raised his fist and threw his fist at the short figure desperately.

Don't you want to be more mad than ruthless?

From top to bottom, our Jingshan sect has no weaklings.

Can't kill you!

Being hit by successive iron fists with tremendous strength, the short figure was stunned a few times, and soon fought back violently, scratching at Chen Changsheng facelessly.

The fists hit the flesh, the claws made wind, and the fire burned the two of them into a ball.

In hand-to-hand combat to this extent, the only competition is the strength of willpower.

When encountering each other on a narrow road, the strong survive, whoever shows cowardice first will die first.

Neither Chen Changsheng nor the little figure wanted to die, so they could only do their best to send each other to die.

The intense movement quickly weakened after reaching its peak, and the two sides, who had almost become one, lay motionless on the ground, as if they had died together.

After a while, a figure surrounded by flames slowly stood up, and the flames on his body shrank back strangely.

With the light of the surrounding fire, the final victor was Chen Changsheng!

It was also fortunate that the natal kung fu practiced by Chen Changsheng was "Li Huo Burning the Sky Code", which was far more resistant to fire than ordinary warlocks. Otherwise, he would have to shed several layers of skin if he was roasted by the extremely high temperature Li Huo for such a long time.

However, even if he managed to survive, Chen Changsheng was in a terrible state of distress. Not only were his clothes burned, but a large area of ​​his body was scalded with numerous blisters, making him look extremely miserable.

Chen Changsheng didn't have time to care about his injuries. He looked at the bloody corpse with an extremely ugly expression, and felt chills in his heart.

The sneak attacker is suddenly one of the three evil spirits in the mountains and forests! !


		