

Although Shannan Road is barren and arid, there are still many rivers and rivers in the road.

Seventy miles outside the city of Luzhou, there is a big river called Guixiang River, which is one of the branches of Henghe River.

Among the many small fishing villages living by the Guixiang River, there is a village called Caotang Village, which has 357 households with a total of more than 700 people.

The most famous of them is Bei Gongde, the private school teacher in the village.

Bei Gongde was a scholar in his early years, but it was a pity that due to his talent, he failed in the exams repeatedly in the future, and because of the burden of his family, he had no choice but to give up continuing to study and return to his hometown to become a private school teacher who taught and educated people.

Although Mr. Private School can't make a lot of money, he is highly respected by others. The simple villagers don't forget to prepare a copy of good things for their husbands in order to hope that their children will become dragons. Therefore, Bei Gongde's life is quite good.

Previously, because of reading, he had delayed major life events, and Bei Gongde didn't give birth to a single seedling with his old wife until he was thirty-five years old.

The nine generations of the Bei family were single-handed, and Bei Gongde had a son in old age, and he was obedient and loving to his son.

It is precisely because of this unreasonable doting that it also sows the bitter fruit for future tragedies.

People in the world often say that children are pure and innocent, and they are the embodiment of the kindest in the world.

actually not.

Evil does not distinguish between young and old, but some children's evil deeds from the heart are more heinous than adults.

Bei Gongde's only son is named Bei Jiaxun. Just from the name, it can be seen that his father has high hopes for his future.

Bei Jiaxun is eight years old this year. Compared with his skinny and malnourished peers, he looks extraordinarily strong. In my heart, I think that this child will become a great weapon in the future, so I consciously or unintentionally tell my child to get closer to him.

Because of this, Bei Jiaxun has naturally become the king of children in the village.

It is said that children are the epitome of adults. Where there are people, there are rivers and lakes, and where there are rivers and lakes, there are class antagonisms.

This law is no exception even in the circle of children.

Some people are sought after, and naturally others are isolated and bullied.

Zhou Xiaoniu, the son of the village woodcutter Zhou Niu, was very unlucky. Because he was thin and timid, he naturally became the target of bullying.

Forbearance is the greatest aid to abuse, this sentence is absolutely true.

Children's concepts of good and evil have not yet been formed, and they have no bottom line in doing things, and they don't know what size is at all.

At the beginning, Bei Jiaxun just made fun of Zhou Xiaoniu, but when he found out that the cowardly Zhou Xiaoniu would just be patient, it was like opening Pandora's box, and things gradually deteriorated.

From teasing to insulting, and then to beating, the whole process took less than three days.

Zhou Xiaoniu seemed to fall from heaven to hell, and his life fell into a trough in an instant.

Tuesday Niu is an illiterate woodcutter. He is tired enough to make a living on weekdays, even if he always sees his son coming back with a bruised nose and a swollen face.

As a child, it is inevitable to laugh, beat, scold and get hurt occasionally. Didn't he come here like this when he was a child?

Besides, he can't go online to destroy the harmony of the neighborhood just because of such a trivial matter.

Also because of Zhou Niu's carelessness, Zhou Xiaoniu's tragic fate is completely foregone.


That night, the adults all went to bed early.

Zhou Xiaoniu was rolling and turning on his little bed, as if something was bothering him.

Seeing that it was almost child time, Zhou Xiaoniu, who was afraid to tell the truth to his parents who were snoring loudly next door, had to get up tremblingly, get dressed, and tiptoe out of the house.

All the way to the village entrance in the dark, I saw a few figures standing vaguely under the big banyan tree that adults love to enjoy the shade.

"Hey, why is the little cow so ink-stained, I thought you dare not come!"

The tallest one in the silhouette immediately yelled in dissatisfaction when he saw Zhou Xiaoniu staggering towards him.

Zhou Xiaoniu shuddered, and replied in a low voice, fearfully, "No, I dare not, it's just that Grandpa and Grandma are not asleep yet, so I wasted some time..."

"Okay, don't talk nonsense, let's go, I'm so sleepy!"

The figure did not wait for Zhou Xiaoniu to finish speaking, and made an arrogant plan. He waved his hand to signal Zhou Xiaoniu to follow quickly, then turned and left.

Zhou Xiaoniu was extremely unwilling, but because of his usual prestige, he didn't dare to disobey, so he could only follow against his will.

A few of them played in the village since they were young, and they are familiar with the terrain of this area, and they are not afraid of getting lost with their eyes closed.

Soon they came to the small pier by the river.

The weather is good tonight, the moonlight is bleak, the water is rippling, and a row of boats are tied to the pier for the villagers to live on.

The people in front immediately turned around without speaking, and stared fixedly at Zhou Xiaoniu who was behind.

Zhou Xiaoniu backed off suddenly in his heart, summoned up the courage never before and refused, "Well, Jia Xun, it's too dangerous to go into the water in the middle of the night, why don't you just forget about it?"

The tallest figure was none other than Bei Jiaxun, who stared at him, and immediately shattered Zhou Xiaoniu's hard-earned courage.

Bei Jiaxun raised his fist and wanted to hit him, but Zhou Xiaoniu squatted down with his head in his arms, and begged for mercy repeatedly, "Don't hit, don't hit, I'll go, can't I go?"

Seeing that Zhou Xiaoniu finally gave in, Bei Jiaxun and the others immediately burst out laughing.

"I knew this calf was a coward, and his legs would go limp when he was scared by the boss."

"The boss is mighty!"

Be Jiaxun, who was being praised, became more and more complacent. Seeing Zhou Xiaoniu was still dawdling, he couldn't help scolding, "What are you waiting for, do you want me to throw you into the water?"

Zhou Xiaoniu knew it was unavoidable, so he could only endure the fear and get off the boat.

The reason why they sneaked out without sleeping in the middle of the night was to verify a legend.

The so-called impermanence of water means that unlike land, the dangers in the water are uncertain, and even people with the best water skills may still be drowned.

Although the men, women and children in Caotang Village are good at water, in order to avoid accidents caused by children playing in the water carelessly, the adults will make up some horror stories to scare the children.

There has always been a legend about the Homecoming River.

It is said that there is a terrible monster hidden in this water area. It looks like a child of three or four years old, with a turtle-like carapace on its back and scale-like hard skin all over its body, which cannot be pierced by bows and arrows.

This kind of monster is called a water tiger, and it hides at night and hides at night. It usually dives into the water with its whole body exposed, and only its knees like tiger claws are exposed on the water. Catch them and gut them until nothing remains but an empty shell.

The water tiger is so powerful that it can drag people and animals directly to the bottom of the river to eat them.

This legend has been widely spread in Guixiang River, and the villagers have passed it down orally from generation to generation, and it is very serious.

But if you really say that anyone has seen a water tiger with their own eyes, they will never find it, and it will only be used as a means to scare children over time.

Children love to be serious and curious, especially those who are eight or nine years old.

During the class break today, the chatting children accidentally mentioned the legend of the water tiger. Some people swore frankly that the water tiger must exist, while others scoffed at it, thinking that the water tiger is just a fictional monster.

When there was a topic, the children immediately started a heated debate between the two camps, but because there was no factual basis, no one could convince the other in the end.

The opposition, headed by Bei Jiaxun, has never suffered from this kind of anger since childhood. At that time, he let go of his harsh words. He will definitely prove that the water tiger is just a fictional monster, and then let the supporters kowtow and admit their mistakes.

The supporters were not to be outdone, they would only talk big when they taunted Bai Jiaxun, if they had the ability, they would go into the water in the middle of the night and try, if they were not eaten by the water tiger, they would be convinced.

This made Bai Jiaxun very angry, and without thinking about it, he made a bet with the leaders of the Approving faction, and let them go into the water tonight to show them.

Bei Jiaxun naturally avoided the reason why a gentleman should not stand under a dangerous wall, so he dared to bet with the supporters without shame, of course he had his reasons.

In this way, Zhou Xiaoniu, who was isolated, was suddenly and tragically regarded by Bei Jiaxun as a tool for slapping the other party in the face.

This is what happened tonight.

Under the dark lights, several half-grown children watched Zhou Xiaoniu timidly rowing towards the center of the river, feeling excited and complicated for a while.

Seeing that Zhou Xiaoniu was almost out of sight, at this time a child from the Pro-Party suggested worryingly, "Bei Jiaxun, forget it, it's pitch black, what if something happens to Zhou Xiaoniu?" manage?"

Bei Jiaxun smiled disdainfully when he heard the words. Although he was also uneasy in his heart, he said firmly, "What can happen when the weather is calm? Our old Bei's family is a scholar, and the most important thing is to seek truth from facts. If you call Zhou Xiaoniu back now, you will lose. how?"

The child couldn't be provoked the most, and the child immediately said angrily, "Anyone who wants to admit defeat, just hold on if you have the ability, anyway, no one can run away if something goes wrong!"

"Hmph, wait and see!"

"Wait and see, just wait and see, whoever is afraid of whom!"


Zhou Xiaoniu, who was far away from the shore, was so frightened that he almost cried.

The night wind howled around, the water surface fluctuated, and it was pitch black, so it was impossible to see the situation in the water clearly.

Looking at the dark water, Zhou Xiaoniu felt fear instinctively, and wanted to go back, but he was afraid of being beaten. He hesitated, and the boat drifted away with the current.

Zhou Xiaoniu, who was extremely frightened, suddenly had a flash of inspiration.

Yes, Bai Jiaxun and the others are waiting on the bank, why don't I cross the river to the opposite bank?

As long as I get to the other side and stay up until dawn, I can complete the task and avoid fear, wouldn't I kill two birds with one stone?

Zhou Xiaoniu, who had always been stupid, was excited by the good idea he suddenly thought of, and immediately rowed hard.

huh huh huh~

The wood pulp cut through the water, and the water splashed everywhere.

Sudden!

bump!

Zhou Xiaoniu, who was rowing happily, suddenly felt the body of the boat shake, as if hitting something, and almost threw away the wood pulp in fright.

When he came back to his senses, Zhou Xiaoniu looked suspiciously at the blurred silhouette on the other side, and his heart shook immediately.

At this time, there is obviously still a long distance from the opposite bank, and I bumped into something on the open river...

What was it that came out of the water?

Under the misfortune of God, Zhou Xiaoniu actually poked his head to look at the bow of the ship.

I saw two tiger-claw-like objects popping out of the undulating water, and there seemed to be a pair of red eyes staring at him in the dark water.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 25 Water Tiger is free to read.




		