

Kou Jingzhi is considered an oddity in the Meilan Club. Unlike most wealthy scholars who only understand romance, he comes from a poor family.

It was by virtue of his extraordinary talent and learning that he broke the rules and entered the Meilan Institute, which had a high threshold. Error-free update@

In the past few years, he swallowed his humiliation, accepted his inferiority and became a minor, silently accumulated contacts, and finally gained something.

A year ago, he was finally recognized by Zhou Gong, a great Confucian in Lizhou in his own way, and he was accepted as his grandson-in-law.

No one is perfect, and he knows that no matter how good he is, he cannot satisfy everyone, so whenever he has the chance, he will desperately climb up, in order to break free from the despair of the grassroots. quagmire.

For this reason, he even did not hesitate to abandon his wife and children to climb the high branch of Duke Zhou.

Of course, some people will ridicule him for having no shame behind this move, but so what?

Laughing at the poor and not laughing at the prostitutes, as long as he can become famous, what is the mere infamy?

Coming out of the noisy main hall, the drunkenness in Kou Jingzhi's eyes disappeared immediately. He looked back at the lights and vocal music overflowing from the door with resentment, gritted his teeth and cursed in a low voice, "A group of wine bags and rice bags will sooner or later have their heads fall!"

Thinking of this, he couldn't help feeling a little angry at Di Yinhao who invited him to the party.

But what can be done?

In this world, the rich and powerful cover the sky with one hand, even if tonight's incident is revealed, and everyone in the house is copied and killed, it will not be the son of the noble chief executive deputy envoy.

Forget it, how can a chicken egg get a stubborn stone?

I can only admit that I am unlucky, and leave this place of right and wrong as soon as possible before hearing more disobedient words, and even go to Beijing as soon as possible, otherwise I am afraid that things will change!

At the thought of going to Beijing, he felt relieved in vain.

It's just easy and inevitably sad.

How could Chenglong Kuai, the son-in-law of a noble family, be so easy to be. Thinking about Zhou Jingzhi, who is talented and handsome, but he wants to spend the rest of his life with a fat woman who is as ugly as a pig, isn't it the greatest irony?

Due to his unequal status, he has no status at all in the Zhou family. Not only does he have to endure Miss Zhou's bullying and insults, but even a sharp-eyed servant dares to make him angry.

As soon as he opened his mind, he couldn't help but miss his gentle, virtuous, slender and beautiful wife.

And that smart and sensible son.

It's a pity that everything has a price. If he wants to make it to the top, he must pay the price.

Everything, not going back...

The more she thought about it, the more desolate she became. Zhou Jingzhi held back her tears, carried a lantern and rode on a horse, preparing to rush back to the purgatory known as home overnight.


"Hoo hoo ~"

"Quack quack ~"

"Aww~"

I don't know when thick dark clouds floated from the sky, covering the sky with stars and moons, and the wind in the pitch-black forest was getting stronger and stronger, and the rustling sound of the leaves blown by the wind could be heard from time to time.

Late at night is also the time when wild beasts and raptors are active, and wolves howling and crowing in the forest make the atmosphere unreal.

Driving at night in the ancient world where traffic jams and beasts frequently appeared was a very dangerous thing.

Zhou Jingzhi regretted it, regretted that she shouldn't be impulsive, and should wait until dawn before setting off.

It's just too late to regret it now, he has gone so far that he can't even see the outline of Lanruo Temple, there is still a long distance to turn back, and it is also dangerous.

It's better to bite the bullet and continue on your way.

Taking a deep breath, Zhou Jingzhi resisted the palpitations and fear, while reading the sage book silently, while whipping the horse to speed up, hoping to break through this terrifying and eerie jungle sooner.

Not to mention, it was really helpful to recite the sage books when he was afraid, and it didn't take long for him to gradually stop being afraid.

Just when he was full of emotions and thoughts gushing like springs, and was about to take this opportunity to compose a well-known poem handed down from generation to generation, suddenly a faint sound of guns in front interrupted his thoughts.

Zhou Jingzhi held up the lamp to look suspiciously, and saw a girl in pink sitting in the weeds, clutching her feet and moaning in pain.

The reason why Zhou Jingzhi knew that the woman was a young girl was purely due to experience.

Don't you see the smooth and fair skin of the woman's wrist exposed outside the sleeve?

Can have this kind of day.

However, a woman with healthy skin is definitely no older than eighteen years old.

Don't ask him how he knows so much, just ask him that he paid a lot of tuition for the Red Mansion.

If in normal times, a lonely girl suddenly appeared in the barren mountains, I am afraid that Zhou Jingzhi would not be troublesome, God knows if it is a human or a ghost.

But he had just gone through a journey in his heart, and at this time he was in high spirits and in a good mood, so he planned to take care of it.

That's just helping others, it has nothing to do with sex, he thinks so.

Riding the horse to the girl in pink, Zhou Jingzhi asked solemnly, "Girl, I'm being polite. Why do you hang out in the wild in the middle of the night and encounter difficulties?"

The girl in pink frowned and looked up.

With just one glance, Zhou Jingzhi felt as if the altar had been hit hard, and couldn't help being in a trance.

What a beautiful woman!

The girl with her waist-length black hair fell down on the ground and spread out like a waterfall. She had a great visual impact. Her facial features were picturesque, happy and angry. Just looking at it can't help but raise the desire for protection.

She has a slender figure, and her skirt is rolled up, revealing a straight and beautiful leg of Shuang Saixue. There are two small red holes oozing blood on her ankles, like wounds bitten by snakes.

Hearing Zhou Jingzhi's inquiry, the girl in pink sighed faintly, and she was about to cry, "My son, my family was originally a refugee. I left home with my mother and came to your land. I was hungry and cold and could only live in Lanruo Temple. Tonight, my mother suddenly felt cold. , My family couldn’t bear my mother’s suffering from illness, so I wanted to pick some herbs overnight to help my mother make medicine, but it was dark and the road was slippery, and I was accidentally injured by a poisonous snake hidden in the grass path.

As she spoke, the girl in pink felt so sad that she couldn't help sobbing.

Zhou Jingzhi was romantic by nature but cold, and she couldn't see a beautiful woman crying, which immediately aroused her compassion, and she couldn't help dismounting her horse to comfort her, "Miss, don't be afraid, I'm here, I won't let you have any trouble."

As he spoke, he stretched out his hand to pull the girl in pink.

"Come on, let me help you up first, and take you to the city to seek medical treatment right away, everything will be fine!"

The girl in pink showed gratitude, she blushed and let Zhou Jingzhi hold her soft and boneless little hand and pull her up.

Unexpectedly, in the middle of the play, the girl in pink seemed to touch the injured person, and couldn't help but let out a painful cry and carried her back.

Caught off guard, Zhou Jingzhi was also brought to the ground, pressing heavily on the girl in pink.

Zhou Jing subconsciously wanted to get up, and the next moment she was stunned.

At this time, a gust of night wind blows away, blowing away the clouds and mist, and the bright moonlight sprinkles the earth again, and the mountains and valleys seem to be covered with a layer of silver gauze.

Under the moonlight, Zhou Jingzhi stared fixedly at the beautiful face of the girl under her body, her heart felt hot, her mind went blank, and she suddenly lowered her head and kissed her.

The girl couldn't dodge in time, Ying Ning let out a cry, and everything fell into silence immediately.

However, at this moment, an unimaginable change occurred in the nearby trees.

I saw a large number of tree roots that had penetrated deep into the ground break through the ground in vain, wriggling as if alive.

Caught off guard, countless tree roots of different thicknesses entangled like living poisonous snakes at an extremely fast speed, binding Zhou Jingzhi, who was half-dressed, firmly, and immediately lifted him up in the air.

"Woooooo!!"

Zhou Jingzhi's dead soul trembled, her tongue was blocked and she could only let out a panicked whimper.

Immediately after that, there was a sharp sound of piercing through the air, dozens of chopsticks thick and thick, with soil-laden roots pierced into his body through his seven orifices.

Gulu, Gulu~

There was a low sucking sound in the darkness.

Zhou Jingzhi, who was convulsed all over, hung in the air, drying up at a speed visible to the naked eye, and finally turned into a living mummy like bacon that had been dried for a hundred years.

The disheveled girl in pink on the ground turned her head in embarrassment and burst into tears.


"There is a ghost~"

A shrill scream interrupted the warm atmosphere of the banquet in the main hall, and all the drunken scholars turned their heads to look at the door, only to see Di Yinhao's panicked figure rushing in, holding his wet crotch in one hand, speaking incoherently Pointing to the darkness outside the door, he said tragically:

"There is a ghost, everyone.

Brother save me~"

The scholars were stunned, confused for a moment.

You must know that among them, Di Yinhao is the most courageous, and he firmly believes that there are no ghosts in the world since he was a child.

Being so frightened like this, did he really see a ghost?

Thinking of this, the scholars suddenly broke out in a cold sweat, and the alcohol was forced out of their bodies, and they rushed forward to ask the situation:

"Brother Yin Hao, don't panic, what kind of shock did you encounter just now?"

"That's right, calm down first, brother Di is a firm atheist, don't be drunk and misread it as a joke~"

"Tsk, I don't believe in the ghosts and gods. Where are the ghosts? I'll meet them and see if they are as scary as the legends say!"

Di Yinhao was confused by all the messy questions. He couldn't speak a word in a hurry, so he could only point out vigorously, and got up in a hurry to hide under the table.

Suddenly, under the eyes of everyone, a pink skull in white clothes and an umbrella floated outside the door.

It seemed that all the voices disappeared at once, and the scholars watched the ghost appear in dumbfounded.

"Ah~"

Some unlucky guy screamed, and then the others woke up as if they had just woken up from a dream. The souls of the dead smashed through the windows and fled in all directions. In the blink of an eye, the overcrowded main hall was empty.

After everyone was gone, two figures jumped down from the roof, laughing endlessly.

They are naturally Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia who are behind the scenes of this farce. First update@

Yan Chixia put away the female skeleton ghost in the air after laughing at the group of brave bandits.

Don't these crazy students claim to not believe in ghosts and gods, and don't they keep advising them?

That's very simple, let them see a ghost with their own eyes!

No advice is more impressive than what you see.

After going through the thrilling scene tonight, Yuan Yutang promises that those scholars will never forget it, and they will subconsciously think of it whenever ghosts and gods are involved in the future.

Consciously doing a good deed, Yuan Yutang vomited the depression of the past two days, and told Yan Chixia to continue looking for a place to sit and wait.


Di Yinhao fled to the woods in a hurry, and accidentally fell a piece of dog shit. After he struggled to get up, he found an acquaintance suddenly standing in front of him. He couldn't help but overjoyed and said:

"Oh, it hurts me to death, brother Jing, come and help brother!".


		