

The so-called human beings are the end of ghosts, and ghosts are the beginning of human beings.

Among the ghosts, there is no body as the soul, and the body as the nightmare.

Ghosts nourish themselves by killing people and devouring souls.

Ghost Night loves to eat flesh and blood, and is ferocious by nature, leaving bones everywhere he goes.

Therefore, there is an old saying among warlocks that is widely spread: It is better to meet ten ghosts than one nightmare!

When Yuan Yutang arrived for the first time, the first evil spirit he encountered was the ghost of Huapi, who devoured all the people in a county in a few years, and turned all the souls of unjust deaths into slaves of Huapi slaves.

If it wasn't for Master Hua Pi Lao Dao who sacrificed his life to inflict heavy injuries, Yuan Yutang might have died at that time.


"Nightmare, Red Yasha!"

As soon as the voice fell, the surroundings fell into a strange silence for a moment.

After a while, the girl said in a daze, "What is your son saying? People don't understand."

Yuan Yutang chuckled and said lightly:

"In the early years of Taikang, more than 7,000 villagers in the thirteen villages of Luoshui Township, Sanzhi Prefecture, Tianshui Road disappeared overnight..."

"Tai, the city god of Taiping County, Lingnan Road was killed, and none of the 3,000 immortals under his command was spared..."

"In the twelfth year of Taikang, the monsters in the Hengyun Mountain Range of Yunshu Road died mysteriously..."

"Taikang, a total of 126 people from the Leihuozong of the Lianghe Dao Taoist sect were silenced..."

"Do you want me to continue the list, dear Lady Red Yasha?"

After a moment of silence, the girl's face froze suddenly, and then turned into a sinister sneer, caressing a strand of black hair, and sneered playfully, "Ma'am? It's quite a new title. Xiaoniubi knows that my sister has eaten so many creatures, and still Dare to provoke others, are you really not afraid of death or are you overconfident?"

Yuan Yutang straightened his waist, his two arms were like iron hoops firmly holding the girl's feet, and he said with a confident smile, "The so-called artful people are bold, and the poor are not really good at cultivating, but they are good at slaying demons and eliminating demons." There is still confidence.”

"Such a big tone, thinking that killing a nest of mice will kill me, sister?"

"Yes or not, you will know once you try it."

"So there's nothing to talk about?"

"Since ancient times, there has been no balance between good and evil, as it should be."

"Shuzi is arrogant!"

Suddenly, a fierce battle broke out.

I saw the girl's beautiful and beautiful face suddenly looked like a ghost, and the two Qianqianyu fingernails were flying long, shining coldly like a steel file, and suddenly pierced the back of Yuan Yutang's head.

Yuan Yutang felt the bad wind whistling behind his head, and he gave a strong shock under his feet, shaking the ground out of two deep pits, and with the help of the reaction force, he fell backward like a cannonball.

bump!

The anti-shock force plus gravity plus Yuan Yutang's own strength, the speed of the three-pronged attack was so fast that the girl hit the ground heavily before piercing his head.

The force was so fierce that the ground trembled slightly.

"Woo~"

Caught off guard, the back of her head was in close contact with the hard ground, even if the girl's ghost body was strong, she couldn't help being stunned for a moment.

Yuan Yutang still had a calm expression, facing up and pressing down on the girl below, the waist bar suddenly pushed through his whole body, and immediately rolled sideways.

"Wow~"

The girl came back to her senses with a scream, before she could break free from Yuan Yutang's shackles, she rolled involuntarily.

""Fist Gang", chasing the soul eighteen rolls!"

Yuan Yutang chuckled and announced the name of the move, accelerated suddenly, and the centrifugal force increased by more than a hundred times in an instant, and the two of them immediately rolled like a rapidly spinning top. Every time they rolled, the speed increased by a point, faster and faster, almost I couldn't see the shadow clearly, I could barely see two blurred afterimages in the crazy dust that were flying away at a fast speed.

Boom, boom, boom~

The girl Red Yasha was dumbfounded.

Rao has been in Daxia for so long, but she has never seen Yuan Yutang's unconventional style of play.

Even if it is martial arts, there are so many warriors in the world, who would roll and fight on the ground with no regard for face like this.

If it is a spell, it doesn't look like it, although it has magic power to block her actions and

Accelerate the roll, but which warlock will fight like a warrior?

But it was these four different moves that made her unable to adapt, and she could only bear most of the damage passively.

Yuan Yutang was nothing short of a chicken thief, he huddled into a ball, using the red yaksha as a meat shield, he slammed into obstacles wherever there were obstacles, and the rocks and trees along the way were killed by pond fish one after another.

This alternative ultimate move, which obviously incorporates Jiu-Jitsu skills, is called Soul Chasing, but it's not easy to operate in practice. After rolling for nearly half a mile, Red Yasha came up with a countermeasure out of enlightenment.

Swish!

sparsely.

Red Yasha's temples spread out, and the messy black hair covered with dirt and grass stalks instantly became hard as iron, rushing towards everything that could be fixed in all directions like a tide.

Puff puff!

In an instant, the large tufts of hair spread out like a spider web and were firmly fixed.

The terrifying inertia of rolling suddenly encountered resistance and changed direction, and immediately turned back to the fixed spell.

bang bang bang~

In the rapid and crisp sound like a steel wire breaking, countless strands of hair were ripped off, and the two hugging each other were swinging back and forth in the air like a swing.

Fortunately, there were enough strands of hair, so Red Yasha forcibly stopped the strange move of Chasing Soul with brute force.

As soon as Yuan Yutang felt that the potential energy was offset, he immediately let go and ran away.

Swish!

With a terrifying sound of piercing through the air, Yuan Yutang felt a chill go down his back, and looked back anxiously, only to see bloody claw marks suddenly imprinted on the smooth back of his robes behind him.

As expected, he was indeed a nightmare who roamed around the territory of Daxia and committed crimes crazily. He actually broke through Yuan Yutang's protective mana in an instant.

Fortunately, he dodged in time, otherwise, just this one would be enough to tear him apart.

Yuan Yutang dared to stand firm and turn around after rushing more than ten feet away in one breath.

"Female swindler, today you will surely die without a place to bury you, even if the gods come, they will not be able to save you!"

Red Yaksha described himself in a state of distress, fixed in mid-air by his full hair, his ferocious grimace distorted out of shape by the rage, and roared fiercely.

Yuan Yutang sneered and made no comment.

Anyway, there are quite a few big demons and even demon kings who have said this, and he is still alive and kicking, so why would he care about this little threat of hilarity?

Running mana to stop the blood flow, Yuan Yutang adjusted his state silently.

The reason why he didn't go back to Shaozhou Jingshan as soon as possible by waterway was because of Red Yasha!

After the Qingtian Peak battle was over, he was able to obtain Shen Tongzi from Tantai Le as he wished.

After handing Shen Tongzi over to the anxious Huang Qisu, Huang Qisu was very grateful to him, and threatened that as long as he spoke in the future, the Huang family in the Northeast Province would definitely help him.

Then there was the usual banquet, during which Huang Qisu overheard Huang Qisu talking about the famous Red Yaksha who seemed to have appeared on Sanshan Road.

The speaker has no intention, but the listener does.

Ever since he saw Shen Tujie's peerless demeanor, Yuan Yutang fell into an inexplicable frenzy.

It is true that Shen Tujie's demeanor is world-class, but he is also the same as Yuan Yutang. He even has more potential than Shen Tujie with "Tiangang Secret Art".

Since Shen Tujie can create unparalleled miracles, why can't Yuan Yutang reach such heights in the future?

Cultivate merit and learn supernatural powers!

Yuan Yutang vowed to become stronger as soon as possible!

So at this time, the news of Ghost Nightmare Red Yaksha is undoubtedly a sleepiness meeting a pillow for him.

According to the clues provided by Huang Qisu, he traced all the way to Shangquan Mansion, and finally locked the location of Red Yasha.

Flattening the mouse nest was just a matter of convenience, the purpose was to paralyze the disguised Red Yasha.

The whole plan went smoothly, one after another, from beginning to end.

Originally, she planned to kill Hong Yasha intentionally or unintentionally, but she didn't expect her to be so skillful, forcibly thwarting his strange trick that had never been seen before.

There is no other way, I can only see the real chapter.

The wind stopped, everything was silent, and the air seemed as heavy as cement.

Yuan Yu

Tang and Red Yasha both want to kill each other and then hurry up. This fight to the death is impossible to avoid.

Suddenly, a dead leaf spun and fell from the sky.

The moment it touches the ground is like an invisible consecration.

The two who had been waiting for a long time moved at the same time!


The red yasha looks like a madman, and the endless strands of hair curl up like roaring waves.

There was a sudden wind and rain under Yuan Yutang's feet, forcing him to fly away in the air.

The mass of hairs containing terrifying killing power struck like overwhelming, Yuan Yutang was unafraid, squeezed the spell with his hand, and shouted awe-inspiringly, "Rainstorm Pear Blossom Sword, fast!"

In an instant, the water molecules in the air condensed into bean-sized raindrops, and then combined into dozens of half-empty flying swords, roaring and galloping.

Swipe, swipe, swipe!

If the mighty sword array has the lethal power, it goes all the way through thorns and thorns.

Yuan Yutang followed closely behind, stepping on the invisible wind and rain steps and ran wildly.

Seeing this, Red Yasha became more and more furious, and suddenly made an unexpected movement.

She saw her right hand with barb-like nails slammed into her left shoulder, and tore it forcefully. After a click, the entire left shoulder was removed by her.

Miraculously, there was no blood splashed from the wound.

After the self-mutilation, Red Yasha threw the severed arm with all his might.

Immediately afterwards, a miraculous scene took place.

The severed arm was selected in the air, and the skin and flesh separated automatically, and the muddy flesh and blood of the goddess scattered like flowers. As soon as it touched the galloping Rainstorm Sword, it immediately burst into bursts of black smoke, making people want to vomit.

In an instant, most of the dense rainstorm sword array dissipated.

Bai Sensen's arm bones paused for a moment, and immediately accelerated like a cannonball. The phalanges with long nails were like javelins, and he stabbed them fiercely.

Feeling that the arm gun was not easy to provoke, Yuan Yutang made a move, and the howling wind and rain under his feet suddenly condensed into a wall.

Pooh!

The menacing arm gun pierced fiercely into the wind and rain wall, and immediately exploded with brilliant light. Whether it was the wind and rain wall or the bone arm gun, they annihilated each other under head-on confrontation.

Yuan Yutang's castration remained undiminished, and he was about to rush up to Red Yasha in one go and perform fierce hand-to-hand combat.

unexpected!

A ghost hand appeared out of thin air, dreaming of grabbing Yuan Yutang's ankle.

Before he could break free, countless ripples appeared in the surrounding void, and then countless ghost hands stretched out, engulfing Yuan Yutang like a hungry wolf.

Red Yasha, who had lost his arm, let out a cold snort. Yin energy circulated for a long time, and an arm grew out of the broken shoulder.

"Do you really think that I am the black-haired king? I can't do it? I got hit by my 'killing ghost', and I'm waiting to be smashed to pieces! "

Just when Red Yasha was proud of himself, he suddenly saw a sharp sword light soaring into the sky!


		