

Now that the world is not peaceful, Yuan Yutang plans to go to Yunzhou to change to the waterway, so he needs to cross the vast mountains of nearly two hundred miles.

If there is a detour, the distance will be nearly three times longer, and the official road is more likely to be cut by stupid thieves.

After much deliberation, he still decided to cross the mountains.

As October approaches, the severe cold begins to emerge, and the temperature difference between morning and evening is huge.

Towards dusk, the temperature drops.

Yuan Yutang gave Lanxi the last cloak given by Grandpa Huang Qi.

Looking at Lan Xi, who is as exquisite and charming as a porcelain doll, wearing a cloak that is obviously a size bigger, she is happy and cute, Yuan Yutang can't help showing a happy smile.

In his previous life, he had a cousin who was pink and cute, and she liked to run around behind his butt the most.

Unknowingly, he seemed to pour his feelings for his relatives in the previous life into Lan Xi.

In winter, the sunset is generally earlier, and it is only half past unitary hour, and the sky is already completely dark.

The icy cold gusts in the mountains are howling, and if you dare to sleep outdoors in such weather, you may be frozen to death in the middle of the night.

It is true that Yuan Yutang has the magic power to stay close to the body without fear of the severe cold, but there is no need to suffer this crime, so he plans to find a cave sheltered from the wind to deal with it overnight.

Not long after walking, he suddenly caught a glimpse of a light in the night ahead.

Although it is best not to be curious about the barren mountains and wild mountains, but Yuan Yutang is a bold person, and he is not afraid of encountering any weird situations that are difficult to solve.

After hesitating for a while, he still took Lan Xi to the bright place.

It was only when I got closer that I realized that this was a three-entry hut with a fenced yard. There was a dim lantern hanging in front of the door. The light I saw just now must have come from the lantern.

"Is anyone home? We are travelers, and we would like to spend the night in a precious place, so please do me a favor." Yuan Yutang stood outside the fenced yard, muttering at the top of his voice.

He had just seen it with the eyes of 'no confusion', and the thatched hut has no evil spirit, so he can live in it boldly.

It's just that he is a black light, and he is not easy to break in. If the owner of the house thinks he is a thief with bad intentions, then the loss outweighs the gain.

After howling several times, finally the rustle of getting up came from the dark room.

Immediately after the door opened a gap, a hale and hearty tall old man rushed out ferociously with a hunting knife in his hand, and was about to yell and curse, when he saw a pair of handsome young girls like jade, he was stunned Down.

"Where did the two children come from, why did they break into my house in the middle of the night?"

Yuan Yutang clasped his fists and said with a gentle smile, "Don't blame the old man. The poor Taoist is the head teacher of the Jingshan Sect in Shaozhou. The next door is my sister. I pass by your place tonight. I beg the old man to make it easier for us brothers and sisters to spend the night. Of course We can pay the rent."

Although the Daxia royal family respected Buddha, the image of Taoism with a long history has long been deeply rooted in the hearts of the common people, and Taoists are more respected than monks among the people.

The old man was startled when he heard that Yuan Yutang had reported himself as a teacher, and then he looked carefully, and finally asked suspiciously, "Boy, are you really a Taoist priest? Why don't you wear a Taoist uniform or a Taoist crown? Could it be to scare the old man?" Old eyes?"

Yuan Yutang couldn't help explaining with a wry smile, "Although Pindao is young, he has killed more than a hundred demons. If the old man still doesn't believe it, then Pindao will prove it to you."

As he spoke, he raised his hand, and a cluster of fireworks burst out from the ends of the closed sword fingers.

Randomly condense a little Lihuo and successfully win the old man's trust.

As the saying goes, seeing is believing, the old man would not dare to take in people who are in turmoil today

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

People of unknown origin stayed overnight.

However, Yuan Yutang has already proved his identity, and the old man, who was astonished as a heavenly man, lost all his doubts, immediately put down his hunting knife, and warmly greeted the two of them to bring their horses in. Regardless of Yuan Yutang's obstruction, he insisted on asking his wife to light a fire and cook immediately. Yuan Yutang and two people.

After the food was served, Yuan Yutang felt something was wrong.

Because the food on this table is so rich that it is completely beyond the hospitality of ordinary people.

Cured wild boar, cured spore meat, cured venison, scrambled eggs, hen mushroom soup, white rice, and a jar of aged wine just dug out of the ground.

With so much meat, it is enough for an average family to eat for more than a year.

Seeing this posture, Yuan Yutang immediately panicked.

The so-called cannibalism is soft on the mouth and soft on the hands.

The old man and his wife poured so much blood to entertain him, and what they asked for must be extremely difficult.

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to make karma casually, so he hurriedly grabbed Lan Xi who was about to start.

The old man became impatient when he saw this, and asked anxiously, "Xiao Xianchang, but the food is not to your liking? If so, old man, I will ask the old woman to make a new table and keep it so that Xiao Xianchang can eat to his satisfaction."

As he said that, he was about to drive away the obviously enlightened old wife to cook again.

Yuan Yutang hurriedly got up to stop him, holding the old man's hand dumbfoundedly, and persuaded, "Old man, old man, listen to the poor man, the old man's generosity really makes the poor man feel uneasy, please don't be so generous, the poor man really can't bear it." .”

"If you want it, it's rare for the little fairy to condescend to come to the humble house, so you must treat him well!" The old man was more anxious than Yuan Yutang, and insisted on re-arranging the vegetables.

The two fought back and forth, and in the end Yuan Yutang had no choice but to surrender.

"Okay, old man, don't embarrass the poor Taoist. If you need help from the poor Taoist, feel free to ask. Tonight, you have taken in the brothers and sisters of the poor Taoist, and you have formed a good relationship. As long as the poor Taoist can do it, you will not refuse."

The old man and the old wife shuddered suddenly when they heard it, and then they burst into tears instantly, and when they leaned over, they were about to kneel down to Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang was taken aback, he hurriedly helped the two old people up, and persuaded with a wry smile, "Old man, old aunt, if you continue to do this, the poor will not dare to stay here~"

It was good or bad to talk about it, so I persuaded the two old people to get up.

The old man wiped away his tears, and sobbed to Yuan Yutang, "The old man didn't intend to make things difficult for the little fairy. It's because the old man and his wife are going to have no way out, so they made such a bad move. Please forgive me, little fairy."

Yuan Yutang said helplessly, "What the hell is going on? Old man, you have to tell the poor man, and then the poor man will know if he can help you."

The old man's lips trembled, and he sighed, "Oh, it's really hard to describe the disaster, so I ask the Taoist priest to follow the old man to see it for himself."

Yuan Yutang nodded, and the old man picked up a vegetable oil lamp to lead the way.

The three huts were almost connected together, and the two came to the hut to the west.

As soon as the old man opened the door, Yuan Yutang frowned.

Because he asked about a faint smell of corpses.

When he went in, he saw a thin young man lying on the bed in the house.

Yuan Yutang gasped in surprise, and before the old man could speak, he quickly stepped over to the bedside, leaned down and sniffed the scent vigorously, his brows furrowed even tighter in an instant.

Taking a closer look, he saw the young man frowning, sweating profusely, veins protruding like earthworms on his pitch-black forehead, and when he opened his eyelids, he found that his pupils were upturned, and his two rows of teeth were knocking unconsciously.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Yuan Yutang immediately understood.

Dead bodies of living people stink, seals turn black, tendons become sweaty from night sweats, pupils turn and teeth knock.

All kinds of symptoms all show that this person's three souls and seven souls have all left the body.

In other words, he is now a living dead.

Looking at the young man's facial features, he vaguely resembles the old man, presumably the two are father and son.

No wonder the old man treated him so generously after he knew he was a Taoist priest. It turned out that it was because of his son's evil disease.

It's hard for an honest old man.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but sigh.

Unexpectedly, the old man thought that the situation was serious, and the tears that had just stopped poured out again, his knees softened and he was about to kneel down again.

Yuan Yutang hurriedly supported him, and repeatedly warned, "Old man, don't kneel down at every turn, I can't stand it~"

The old man grabbed Yuan Yutang's arm, and cried loudly, "Oh, little fairy, the old man's life is coming to an end, and he has nothing but this single seedling left. If there is something wrong with him, it will make the old man How can the old lady have the face to meet the ancestors? I beg the little fairy to be merciful and save my poor son~"

"Okay, I'll save me, please get up and talk carefully, otherwise you will delay your son's condition, and you will be a poor man~" Yuan Yutang was in a hurry, and could only be forced to 'intimidate' the old man.

This trick really worked wonders, afraid of delaying his son's chance to save his life, he got up obediently and stood firm.

"Old man, your son's symptoms are typical of soul-lostness. Have you ever done something to offend ghosts and gods recently? Please tell me in detail."

Since Yuan Yutang agreed to rescue him, he must go all out, and immediately asked for clues carefully.

The old man recalled it carefully for a moment, and said with lingering fear, "My son is seventeen years old. He is kind-hearted by nature, and he is usually timid. It stands to reason that he should not do things that offend ghosts and gods. The old man is not very clear about the specific situation."

"The old man only remembers that three days ago, my son went to the back mountain to clean up the cover he set up before, but he came back an hour later than usual, with a panicked face, as if he had encountered something terrible, and he refused to ask anything. Say.

Later at night, my old wife and I heard a scream in our sleep, and when we hurried to the room, we found him delirious.

Flopping on the bed, desperately grabbing the air, as if trying to drive away something invisible, yelling 'I don't want to get married', 'I know I'm wrong, I really don't dare anymore' Kind of nonsense.

When you are tired, you will become what you are now. "

Yuan Yutang pondered upon hearing the words, and quickly guessed.

If he guessed correctly, it was probably another bad fate.

The old man's son must have been taken by some dirty things in the mountains and wanted to be his son-in-law by force, so his soul was detained to prevent him from escaping.

There are endless things in the world, since there are ghosts marrying marriages, there are naturally ghosts marrying husbands.

After figuring out the crux of the problem, Yuan Yutang comforted the old man and said, "Don't panic, old man. I will do my best to save your son. Don't worry."

The old man was overjoyed when he heard the words, and hurried back to the front hall to announce the good news to his old wife.

Although Yuan Yutang said it lightly, he didn't feel slighted in his heart.

The mountains are vast, and it is undoubtedly a needle in a haystack if you want to find the troublemaker.

The only way is to sit on the sidelines and wait for that thing to take the initiative to come to the door, so that he can have a chance to rescue the old man's son.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		