

To punish or not to punish?

Do I still need to ask?

It is true that the ghost mother's feelings for her son are very sincere and touching.

But so what?

The reason why people are human is because they have the brilliance of humanity.

Once you become a ghost after death, the brilliance of human nature will gradually dissipate. If you don't reincarnate in time, you will eventually become a disaster.

And the ghost mother is already a great scourge.

In order to help sick children hang their lives, they killed more than 30 innocent children without conscience.

Such an evil spirit is simply too unreasonable!

Yuan Yutang's expression changed, and he was about to say what was in his heart.

Unexpectedly, Yan Chixia, who had been silent all this time, suddenly changed her expression, stopped Yuan Yutang and said, "Young brother, don't act hastily, beware of fraud!"

Immediately, he suddenly flew up and kicked Li Chunyi over, cursing angrily, "Scheming against our righteous brother in front of us, is the bastard tired of living?"

Li Chunyi, who fell to the ground and cried out in pain, heard the word "bastard", his eyes showed a stern look, but he quickly restrained himself and hid it. He stood up with a wry smile as if nothing had happened, and said, "Sure enough, I can't hide it from Mr. Yan's arrest. I'm being reckless."

Yuan Yutang was a little dazed, and asked inexplicably, "Brother Yan, is there anything I've overlooked?"

Yan Chixia furiously pointed at the ashen-faced Li Chunyi and cursed, "This guy is known as the Suppressing Demon Snake, and he is the most scheming man. We didn't notice for a while, and almost let you fall into his tricks. It's really abominable! "

"Is he plotting against me?" Yuan Yutang's face darkened suddenly.

Yan Chixia took Yuan Yutang up, pointing to the little boy on the bed who was tortured so badly that he couldn't look like a human being, and said, "The so-called innate abnormality must have a romantic relationship. My dear brother, take a closer look and see if there are two lines on this boy's eyebrows." A thin, shallow scar that resembles an eye pupil?"

Yuan Yutang listened carefully to the words, and it was really as Yan Chixia said.

The little boy frowned, he didn't pay attention to the dark lights just now, but looking at it now, he really saw two thin and shallow scars on his eyebrows, as if there were a pair of eyes on his eyebrows.

"Longyan with four eyes, born with virtue, this is a strange appearance!" Yan Chixia said solemnly, "It is said that the ancient saints who created characters were born with this strange appearance!"

"This son has a lack of destiny and congenital deficiencies. He is at the most important moment of nirvana in his life. The ghost mother who hangs him is the key."

"If you rashly declare that you want to kill the ghost mother, it is equivalent to cutting off the vitality of the future saint. Let alone a little sorcerer at the monk level, even an earth immortal would not dare to mess with this cause and effect."

"This guy is obviously trying to plot against you, and wants to use your hands to get rid of the ghost mother, so that he can complete the errand without causing karma!"

The more she spoke, the angrier she became, Yan Chixia punched Li Chunyi angrily, and roared, "Wow, I hate the villain, give me a punch!"

This punch is as fast as a thunderbolt, and it is extremely powerful.

Li Chunyi didn't dare to use his body to weigh the weight of Yan Chixia's fist, so he hurriedly shook and dodged.

boom~

Yan Chixia smashed down a wall with one punch, still feeling unrepentant, she chased after Li Chunyi.

The two suddenly turned into two afterimages, chasing at high speed in the cramped room.

Yuan Yutang's expression was complicated, his eyes were deep, and he stood there silently.

The afterimage pierced through the sky, the strong wind howled, and the whole tile house seemed to be crumbling as if it could not bear the fierce battle between Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi, and there was always the risk of its overall collapse.

"Wow~"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Suddenly, an extremely sharp and shrill scream sounded, and the three people in the room were all startled.

The scream was unpredictable, it seemed to come from the sky, and it seemed to be close at hand.

"Damn it, I feel that the breath is stronger than before, and that ghost mother has grown again!" Yan Chixia gritted her teeth.

Li Chunyi seized the time to regain his breath. Although Yan Chixia had no intention of hurting his life, the oppression it gave him was too strong, which made him extremely uncomfortable.

Yuan Yutang's eyes flickered for a moment, as if he had made up his mind, he asked Li Chunyi expressionlessly, "Take me to the hiding place of the ghost mother!"

Li Chun was overjoyed when he heard the words, but Yan Chixia's face changed drastically.

"Are you really going to kill the ghost mother?"

"Brother, don't be impulsive!"

The words of the two sounded almost at the same time, and then Yan Chixia gritted her teeth and wanted to teach Li Chunyi another lesson.

Yuan Yutang shook his head and stopped, "Brother Yan, I've made up my mind."

"But..." Yan Chixia persuaded anxiously, "My dear brother, that is the karma of good fortune that concerns the safety of a saint, you can't bear it~"

Yuan Yutang smiled indifferently, "Don't worry, big brother, maybe my little brother is born with a hard life, and he killed a ghost Meng Shuang who was a sorcerer and fled after hearing the wind, isn't he still alive and well?"

As he said that, he turned his head and looked at the sick child who was sleeping on the sick bed with the appearance of a saint, and said softly, "I don't want to see innocent children sacrificed for it again, and I don't want the deformed maternal love of the ghost mother to be so cruel." The deeper the mistake, the deeper."

"Some things still need to be done by someone after all. If it can only be me, I am willing to bear the karma."

Yan Chixia was dumbfounded when she heard the words, words of persuasion were stuck in her throat, and she couldn't speak anymore.

Li Chunyi suddenly stood up in awe, clasped his fists and said in a dignified voice, "Master Yuan is righteous, I admire you very much."

"Since the head of Yuan has made up his mind, there is no time to delay the matter. Hurry up and go down to kill ghosts and eliminate harm!"

As if afraid of Yuan Yutang's repentance, Li Chunyi hastily slipped away and led the way.

"My dear brother, you, do you really want to do this?" Yan Chixia said with difficulty as she made her last effort.

Yuan Yutang smiled and said calmly, "Brother, don't worry about what your husband will do and what he will not do. Besides, you also said that this is a god-given opportunity to kill the ghost mother. If you let her grow up , will ultimately bring disaster to the common people.”

"So, little brother, I must go."

Yan Chixia sighed, her eyes were mixed with various complex emotions such as relief, admiration, and approval, and she immediately laughed heartily, "Hahaha, we did not misunderstand the person! Well, let us brothers have a chance! "

Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang shook his head and said, "Brother, you can't go on this trip."

Yan Chixia was startled, and then said angrily, "Why did you refuse? Could it be that you look down on our elder brother?"

"Nope~" Yuan Yutang explained helplessly, "The kung fu practiced by my younger brother is quite unique, maybe beheading the ghost mother will not cause karma, but big brother, can you keep it from karma?"

That's right, the reason why Yuan Yutang dared to trust it was entirely because he had the magical ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" as a backing, whether it was Jinkou's seal of the monkey demon or the beheading of the Mengshuang family, he was able to survive alone.

That's why he dared to gamble, betting that "Tiangang Secret Technique" could save him from the heavy karma.

But if Yan Chixia came to make trouble, then he couldn't guarantee whether he could protect Yan Chixia.

Yan Chixia was at a loss for words. Although she was desperately unwilling to be underestimated, she still compromised under Yuan Yutang's insistence.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Oh, that's okay, I'm here to wait for my virtuous brother to return in triumph." Yan Chixia said bitterly.

Yuan Yutang nodded emphatically, clasped his fists in return and said, "Brother, please wait a moment, younger brother will come back as soon as he goes!"

After finishing speaking, he chased after Li Chunyi who had already gone away.

The two hurried on their way in silence, and soon left the town, heading towards a cave in the west.

Li Chun hesitated to speak, but finally couldn't help but said, "Master Yuan, you, do you hate me?"

With a sullen face, Yuan Yutang replied coldly, "Don't talk to me, I'm afraid I can't help but beat you to death if you say a few more words."

As soon as Li Chun heard the words, he smiled wryly and shut up.

Before coming to the cave, Li Chun clasped his fists and said, "I can only send it here, the rest is all up to Master Yuan to do, this time relying on Master Yuan's help, if there is any dispatch in the future, it will be like a dog's work! "

Yuan Yutang didn't look sideways, and snorted, "Get lost!"

Knowing that Yuan Yutang had resentment in his heart, Li Chunyi didn't dare to say anything, turned around and left quickly.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang walked into the cave with firm eyes.

This cave should not have been visited for a long time, and the vines growing randomly almost covered the entrance of the cave. If it wasn't for Li Chun who led the way, Yuan Yutang might not be able to find the entrance of the cave.

After going deep into the cave, there was a musty and sour smell, Yuan Yutang frowned and continued walking.

The cave was not deep, and it was almost at the end after a few steps, and there was a group of shadows wriggling in the darkness.

Yuan Yutang possessed the attribute of 'no confusion', and he just took a leisurely look at things without light. He immediately saw the true face of the shadow, and couldn't help but gasp.

Even though he was used to seeing each other's horrible situations, he couldn't help feeling terrified by what he saw.

That wriggling shadow was actually a huge purple-black sarcoid, and a half-phantom sub-ghost was rapidly gestating and forming in the middle of the thin skin.

Unexpectedly, the ghost mother's body is so terrifying.

In the darkness beside him stood the two identical Ziguis, guarding the sarcoids, staring at Yuan Yutang with great vigilance.

The scariest thing was that there was a distorted and hideous face on the top of the sarcoid, roaring crazily.

Its sound is sad, and one's heart palpitations upon hearing it.

Yuan Yutang sighed, and immediately circulated his mana, and a wind and rain formed from the void.

"Although you have lost your humanity, you cannot deny your love for your son." Yuan Yutang whispered with compassion in his eyes, "I know you are in pain, so let me help you out."

"Astronomical Dragon, attack!"

Suddenly, strong winds raged in the cave, heavy rain followed, ghosts screamed, and even giant dragons roared.

After half a sound, the wind and rain stopped, and everything returned to nothing.

Suddenly!

The dome of the sky covered with dark clouds suddenly opened a huge mouth, and the bright starlight from nine days away shot straight into the cave.

Yuan Yutang is bathed in the vast starlight, without sadness or joy, just like a century-old monk who sees through the world of mortals.

A dark voice sounded in my mind:

[In the early winter of the 17th year of Taikang Dynasty of the Great Xia Dynasty, destroying the ghost mother's chick, adding 15 merits...]

[The current merit is one hundred and twenty-three, which can open new supernatural powers...]

Immediately afterwards, the starlight turned into light spots and entered Yuan Yutang's body, and an extra piece of information appeared in his mind out of thin air.

[Tiangang's supernatural powers of fetal transformation and transformation are completed! 】

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		