

The spring silkworms are exhausted when the silkworms die, and the wax torch turns into ashes and tears dry up.

Yuan Yutang didn't quite understand the meaning of this sentence before, but now he feels the same way for no reason.

Human Candle, Human Candle, as the name suggests, is to use human beings as candles to obtain ten times the explosion by burning vitality.

It is undeniable that this sudden violent feeling is very cool, as if it is omnipotent, as if the world is in your hands, as if picking up stars at your fingertips.

It's just that Yuan Yutang had a tinge of clarity despite his excitement.

Knowing that this kind of prosperity is just a mirror image, the end of the fire cooking oil will only be wiped out in ashes in the end.

This point has long been recorded in the fragments of the "Tianlun Jing·Fulu Pian" where the "Renzhufu" comes from, and there are three warnings "use it with caution" at the suffix.

However, from the current point of view, using the "Human Candle Talisman" may lead to death, but there is still a glimmer of hope. If you don't use it, there is not even a glimmer of hope. Therefore, it is obvious how to choose.

Shua~

A gust of cold wind swept in like a knife, Yuan Yutang felt his thoughts back and concentrated on dealing with the enemy.

"Silent force field!"

Yuan Yutang shouted awe-inspiringly, and circles of ripples visible to the naked eye appeared layer upon layer around his body.

when!

The sinister wind that split gold and cracked stones viciously hit the layered ripples, and there was a clang of gold and iron, which was really unimaginable.

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed.

I just had a whim, since "Silent Battle Armor" and "Tai Chi Force Field" are both my own original defensive moves, why can't they be combined into one?

Unexpectedly, he made a remarkable achievement in the first test, directly resisting Zigui's terrifying Yinfeng Knife.

But before he was happy, a new test came again.

"howl!"

Amidst a shrill and inhuman terrifying roar, the mother ghost, who had just been headshot by Yuan Yutang to death, came back to life and made a comeback. @

The most exaggerated thing is that her aura is even stronger than before, and she rushed straight like a rampaging tank.

"Damn it!" Yuan Yutang cursed unconsciously, and hurriedly re-established a silent force field to block the ground.

bump!

Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a terrifying shock, which almost knocked his whole body apart.

Fortunately, in the state of burning ego, he can still stand the test.

Almost half of the silent force field was shattered abruptly, and the mother ghost's momentum was also exhausted. In her rage, she actually tore up the invisible force field with her bare hands.

Yuan Yutang was shocked by the fierceness of the mother ghost.

It's just this loss of consciousness that allowed Zigui to sneak in.

huh huh~

The Yin wind seems to penetrate through every hole, invading the silent force field from the gap torn by the ghost mother, spinning in it like a blade.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but look dignified as the two wraith-level ghosts broke down the final barrier from the inside out.

As the saying goes, if you defend for a long time, you will lose. There is no fortress that cannot be broken in the world, let alone when the strengths of the two sides are not equal.

Since you can't keep it, then fight!

With a plan in mind, he really withdrew from the silent force field, with momentum like a rainbow, and like a swimming dragon, he killed the attacking ghost of the same heart.

Isn't it fighting hard?

He, Yuan Yutang, has never lied to anyone!

The powerful mother ghost attacked from the front, and the insidious and cunning sub-ghost attacked from the side. Yuan Yutang was unstoppable, fighting one against two like a flame burning himself.

In an instant, one person and two ghosts were killed together.

"howl!"

The arrogance of the ghost mother swept across her arms with great strength, and Yuan Yutang happily stepped up to catch the fall without fear, and threw the extremely heavy ghost mother out, smashing a rockery.

Before he could catch his breath, Yuan Yutang immediately turned around and pulled out his whip leg, and threw it towards the evil wind transformed by Zigui like thunder.

Snapped!

The extremely loud and crisp sound suddenly exploded.

It's a pity that Zigui was broken into pieces, and the Ling Lie whip kick didn't get any effect.

But Yuan Yutang smiled strangely, squeezed the mantra with his hands, and recited the mantra.

“Heavenly Fire Landmines, All Evil, Evil!”

Before the words were finished, several majestic lights were suddenly lit up in the cloudy wind, some of which turned into billowing flames, some of which turned into billowing mines, and the combination of thunder and fire suddenly exploded.

Boom~

Under the loud noise, Zigui screamed and was beaten back abruptly.

Prototype.

Just about to go forward to understand the lost child ghost, unexpectedly the mother ghost came back again.

Yuan Yutang can only regretfully leave the child ghost to deal with the mother ghost.

Back and forth, unknowingly, they killed in darkness, completely ignorant of the outside world.

Bai Ling'er was frightened all night, so she fell asleep unknowingly when she was taken to the wing by the servants.

In a trance, she seemed to hear some fierce fighting and woke up from her sleep.

Only then did she realize that there was no one in the room, and it was as dark as night outside the window.

"Hey, is it dark?"

Surprised, Bai Linger got out of bed to check.

It was determined that Bai Ling'er was honest, so Yuan Yutang didn't block her mobility, but just blocked her mana, so she could move freely.

Looking out of the window, she found that the mansion was dead silent and pitch black, except for the faint voice from the backyard, it seemed that everyone had disappeared collectively.

And the pitch-black sky, no matter how you look at it, feels very wrong, it doesn't look like a normal sky at all.

It's getting dark, and the servants of Li's mansion don't hold the lamps. Could it be that they are being so stingy?

Bai Ling'er muttered in dissatisfaction, and at the same time rolled her big eyes, a bold idea popped up in her mind in vain.

Or, while the villain is not running away?

It's just that she dared to think about it, but she quickly suppressed it.

No, no, that thief is too hateful, God knows how humiliated he will be if he is caught.

Thinking of the situation of being slapped in the face last night, Bai Ling'er was angry and ashamed, and at the same time, an inexplicable emotion appeared in her heart, and she couldn't help blushing, her face was like a peach blossom.

Just as he was hesitating, Bai Ling'er seemed to see someone coming from the end of the dark corridor.

While Bai Linger was disappointed, she was also secretly glad.

Let's just say, how could the villain be negligent in guarding.

With a snort, Bai Ling'er sat back on the bed angrily, and decided to vent her dissatisfaction with cold violence.

bang.

The door was pushed open and someone entered the room.

Bai Ling'er cheered desperately from the bottom of her heart, and resolutely used the back of her head to deal with the villain.

Unless he is willing to apologize to himself, he will never forgive him in his life.

clatter clatter.

The man's footsteps were getting closer, and he stopped a few steps behind Bai Ling'er.

"Whoa, whoa~"

The heavy breathing came to Bai Ling'er's ears, she thought that her cold and violent strategy had worked.

Because as long as she used this trick since she was a child, no matter whether it was the elders in the family or the master, they would immediately surrender and apologize.

Secretly happy in her heart, Bai Ling'er, who seemed to have done something important, pretended to be angry and snorted, "Why don't you speak? Do you know that you made a mistake and shouldn't treat this lady so roughly? Apologize if you know your mistake, Miss Ben Be magnanimous, maybe I will forgive you!"

"Whoa, whoa..."

What responded to Bai Ling'er was still a silent gasp.

Suddenly, a hand was placed on Bai Ling'er's shoulder.

Bai Ling'er slapped the strange hand away with an electric shock, and said coquettishly, "What are you doing, don't you understand if men and women kiss each other?"

Before she dared to finish speaking, that strange hand persevered and put it on her shoulder again.

This time Bai Ling'er was really angry, the young miss lost her temper, she completely forgot the fear of last night, she slapped her back with her hand, and cursed, "Dengtuzi, die!"

snap~

Without the blessing of mana, Bai Ling'er could not develop the secrets of the human body, and her body was almost indisputable as that of ordinary people.

It's just that after the slap, she didn't know if she hurt the villain, but she only knew that her hand hurt her heart, and she couldn't help but draw back her hand to take a breath.

What's the matter with that person, why is his body as hard as a rock.

But suddenly she froze suddenly.

I saw that the hand that was slapped just now was covered with a dark, unknown liquid.

"Ah~"

Most of the daughters' families are more or less a bit of a clean freak, especially a young lady like Bai Ling'er who doesn't touch the spring water with her ten fingers.

"Why are you so incomprehensible, will you die if you let him go~"

Bai Ling'er turned her head abruptly, wanting to cry, and opened her mouth.

scold.

But the next moment, she suddenly felt a chill rushing from the soles of her feet to Tianling Gai, and the blood all over her body was almost frozen.

"Hehe, hehe..."

I saw a dark shadow standing behind her, it was actually a ferocious ghost.

The ghost was rotten all over, and maggots burrowed around, and a large piece of rotten meat was smashed on top of the white bones. The two eyeballs that fell out of the eye sockets were staring at Bai Ling'er, and there was a strong stench from the mouth and nose. white mist.

"Cluck..."

Bai Ling'er's pupils dilated sharply, as if her throat was blocked by a mouthful of old phlegm, and she could only gurgle.

She had never experienced such a terrifying situation in her life, her mind went blank and she was completely at a loss.

Greedy eyes flashed in the ghost's two drooping eyeballs, and it suddenly rushed towards the frightened Bai Ling'er.

bump!

Xiao Zefeng's deputy peak master sat down and the chief disciple Jin Yuanxing punched a fierce ghost so that his body flickered and almost fell down.

"Eldest brother, are you alright?" The fourth disciple Deng Rong had sharp eyesight and quick hands, and he supported Jin Yuanxing who was hesitant to speak.

Jin Yuanxing smiled palely, and waved his hands feebly to indicate that he was fine.

At this time, Chen Shuisheng, the disgraced and sweaty fifth disciple, came over with a tired face, and said with a wry smile, "Two senior brothers, I don't know if the entrance to the nether world has been opened in Tongzhou City. God knows where so many ghosts came out, exhausting us." I can't finish killing~"

Jin Yuanxing and Deng Rong were silent when they heard the words.

How can the catastrophe of the once-in-a-thousand-year Tiangu eat the sun be underestimated.

This city full of ghosts is probably just an appetizer, and God knows how many dangers are yet to come.

Suddenly, Bai Shanhe Yufeng came over, his face very ugly.

The three disciples hurriedly saluted and said, "I have seen the master, I wonder if the master has found the trace of the little junior sister?"

Bai Shanhe frowned in confusion, and then sighed, "I found it..."

The three disciples were overjoyed.

However, without saying a word, Bai Shanhe used the magical power of controlling the wind, took all three disciples into the air, pointed in the direction of Li's residence and said in a shy voice, "There is a 80% chance that Ling'er is there!"

The three disciples hurriedly raised their eyes when they heard the words.

In their thinking, as long as they rescue their junior sister as soon as possible, they can leave the purgatory of Tongzhou City as soon as possible.

However, just looking at it, they couldn't help but feel their scalps go numb.

It's all because the place Master pointed at was actually surrounded by countless scary ghosts, the number is almost inexhaustible.

Want to rescue Bai Ling'er in this kind of haunted den?

It's as difficult as climbing the sky! .


		