

A few hours ago, Yuan Yutang broke up with the sloppy old man and left alone in anger.

The whole city of Guxian had a carnival, and even the city guards went to the banquet, so that he could leave the city smoothly after dark.

After walking for more than ten miles, Yuan Yutang inexplicably stopped Chitu.

Looking back, under the waning moon, the outline of the city of Gu County is looming.

The cold wind was cold, and Yuan Yutang frowned, feeling as if something was blocking his chest.

After all, it is still difficult to calm down...

The red rabbit horse under the crotch shook its big head, and looked back at the confused little master.

"Chitu, did I do something wrong?" Yuan Yutang muttered suddenly.

"Hey~" Chitu responded with a snort in embarrassment.

"Yeah..." Yuan Yutang's eyes were blank, and he asked himself and answered, "There are so many weird things in this world, if I hide this time, what about next time? Is it possible that I can still be a turtle for the rest of my life?"

"Tian Xingjian, a man should strive for self-improvement. If you want to be useless for the rest of your life, you might as well fight to the death and count the ball vigorously!"

"Warriors do not succumb to fate, I do not resist the storm, I am the storm!"

After a long time, Yuan Yutang's empty pupils finally took on color, and a kind of light called determination flowed.

"Drive~"

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang pulled the rein violently, Chitu felt the direction of the rein's strength, immediately raised his head and screamed, turned around sharply, and ran back with all four hooves.

Master, you have to wait for me to come back...

Wearing a cloak on the moon, Yuan Yutang finally rushed back to Gu County.

As soon as he entered the city gate, he felt something was wrong.

It was clear that the streets were empty when we left the city just now, but now it was dark, and the main road in the city was full of human figures, rushing towards the county government one after another.

Could it be that something happened to the county government?

Although he cared about the comfort of the old way, but with so many people ahead, Yuan Yutang subconsciously tightened the reins to slow down the horse.

Unexpectedly, the last few figures stopped and turned around when they heard the movement.

"Hiss~"

Yuan Yutang took a sharp breath.

I saw that the figures who turned their heads were the residents of the city. Their faces and appearances were no different from ordinary people, but they were filled with a sense of despair, and their eyes were extremely fierce, like beasts that were extremely hungry, which made Yuan Yutang feel It's like a light on your back.

call!

Before Yuan Yutang could figure out the situation, the four civilians suddenly broke out at an unreasonable speed, launching attacks in three directions as fast as lightning.

At this time, Yuan Yutang's instinctive reaction of practicing muay thai for more than ten years came into play.

A skinny man jumped up from the left side with an evil look on his face, his arms outstretched, trying to throw Yuan Yutang off his horse.

As soon as Yuan Yutang dodged short, the skinny man flew into the air, and immediately grasped the saddle tightly with both hands, exerted force on his waist and hips, supported his arms hard, and his lower body was suspended in the air. He kicked hard at the skinny man who passed by.

With his own momentum coupled with Yuan Yutang's kick, the skinny man was kicked into the Washeli on the side before he had time to react.

Before Yuan Yutang had time to catch his breath, a woman in sackcloth on the right attacked one after another.

"drink!"

A low and muffled roar burst out of his throat, rolling and rolling, and Yuan Yutang's left elbow struck out in the opposite direction like lightning.

Boom!

Amidst the muffled sound of the blow, the woman in sackcloth had no time to dodge, and hit the door with such force that her entire face was sunken in, and she flew out at a faster speed than when she came.

After repelling two sneak attackers one after another, Yuan Yutang's face did not show any joy.

Because the two times of retreating the enemy were like beating drums, there was no real sense of beating, as if the two of them had nothing but skin.

Suddenly, a thought flashed through Yuan Yutang's mind, making him tremble with fear.

Empty skin but no substance, what are these crazy people, they are clearly painters!

Before I could think about it, the two 'common people' on the last road had already been killed, attacking from top to bottom.

Take a closer look, aren't these two 'persons' the same Zhang Rongsheng and his wife I saw during the day?

The situation is urgent and cannot be delayed.

Yuan Yutang hastily restrained his thoughts, and once again made an almost impossible and difficult movement.

I saw him holding down the saddle, tilting his upper body, and the whole body fell parallel to the ground, bent his legs and rushed to his knees, with two bangs, he knocked Zhang Rongsheng and his wife away with incredible speed and speed.

Seeing that he was about to lose his balance and fall to the ground, Yuan Yutang tensed his abdomen. Although his body became smaller for no reason, fortunately, his extraordinary physique from years of painstaking training was still there, but with his strong core strength, he forced himself to sit back again. on horseback.

As soon as he sat down firmly, Yuan Yutang's heart beat violently, his forehead was dripping with cold sweat, and his intuition told him that a major change had occurred during his departure.

Being able to attract so many pin slaves flocking away at the same time, he couldn't think of another answer other than being sloppy and old-fashioned.

The sloppy old way is in danger!

Although Yuan Yutang was lucky enough to repel the four painted skin slaves, the movement attracted the attention of more painted skin slaves, and from time to time dozens of painted skin slaves broke away from the team and attacked him.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang was heartbroken, gritted his teeth, tightened the reins, and slammed back on the stirrup.

"The law of the law~"

The red rabbit was stung by the barbs on the stirrup, let out a mournful hiss, spread its four hooves frantically and rushed forward.

Once the horse sprints desperately, unless its physical strength is exhausted or it dies on the spot, it is difficult for anything to stop its iron hoof, even the inhuman ghost painting slave.

It was too late to say it, and then it was too fast, Chitu raised his speed to the limit in an instant, rushed into the painted skin slave unstoppably, like a pair of sharp scissors, forcibly plowed a passage.

Yuan Yutang's heart was beating wildly, and he didn't care about Chitu's safety. He tried his best to stick to the horse's back to maintain balance, and his mind was only thinking of rushing away from the painted slaves blocking the way and meeting the sloppy old road as soon as possible.

The scenery flew by along the way, and the wind whistled in his ears. From the corner of Yuan Yutang's eyes, he saw a painted slave being knocked away by a red rabbit from time to time.

After an unknown period of time, he suddenly felt his vision brighten up, and when he took a closer look, he had already broken through the encirclement of Huapinu.

In the open space in front of him, there was a lingering figure half-kneeling on the ground, who wasn't a sloppy old man?

Thank goodness it wasn't too late.

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed, and hurriedly stopped Chitu and got off his horse, rushed to the sloppy old Taoist, pretending to be relaxed, "I'm sorry, I was delayed by these ghosts on the way back, but luckily I didn't arrive too late, are you okay, Taoist?"

The sloppy old man looked extremely embarrassed, staring blankly at Yuan Yutang with complicated emotions.

He was delighted that Yuan Yutang had left and returned, but also worried about Yuan Yutang's safety.

The entangled and complicated emotions finally turned into a resounding forehead jump, and the sloppy old man jumped to his feet and cursed, "Is your head flooded? You escaped with great difficulty, and you can't come back to die?"

Yuan Yutang was not annoyed by his thick skin and thick flesh, he just calmly lifted the sloppy old man, and tightened his palms tightly.

Thousands of words, but nothing in words.

The old and the young looked at each other for a moment, and then burst out laughing, ignoring the thousands of painted skin slaves who were devouring each other.

"Okay, old man, I really saw the right person. Tonight, let us master and apprentice work together to subdue demons and demons, and exterminate this evil beast!"

Once the old man washed away his downfall, he became extremely energetic.

Yuan Yutang smiled knowingly, but said unforgivingly, "Hey, I didn't say I want to worship you as a teacher."

"Hahaha, the apprentice whom the Daoist favors, how can he escape!" The sloppy old man laughed heartily, and suddenly pointed to the 'county venerable' who was transformed into a painted ghost on the high ladder, "Good apprentice, let's see The master will cut down that ghost for you as a salute to your master!"

As soon as the words fell, the sloppy old man suddenly flew forward and rushed towards the Painted Skin Ghost like a yellow dragon.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath and stretched his muscles in secret. He was also infected by the sloppy old man's arrogance, and his fighting spirit was unstoppable.

If there were outsiders present, they would definitely be extremely shocked by the scene in front of them.

The two people who put their life and death aside dared to charge to the death of a ghost thousands of times larger than their own. How tragic and heroic the scene was!

Painted Skin Ghost no longer saw the playfulness and ease on his face, as if he was irritated by Yuan Yutang and the other two, he ordered in a dark voice, "Come on, whoever can capture these two people, I will share blood with them!"

Although the Painted Skin Slave was enslaved by the Painted Skin Ghost, he was ignorant and fearless, but as a ghost, he had an instinctive desire for blood and food.

At this moment, with Painted Skin Ghost's promise, how could he hold back.

In an instant, the slow-jawed Huapinu seemed to have been beaten together, and instantly went crazy, screaming and rushing towards the two of them.

In front of a group of enemies, the two are fearless.

The sloppy old man who rushed forward looked calm, quickly signed the seal with both hands, bit the tip of his tongue suddenly, and suddenly turned around and sprayed blood at Yuan Yutang.

"Nine Heavens Lihuo, give me the true spirit, hurry like a law, Lihuo Shengang, use the law to succeed!"

It was miraculous to say that the bloodstains on Yuan Yutang's body ignited spontaneously without fire, wrapping him into a burning man in an instant. The most miraculous thing was that he didn't feel the unbearable heat of the burning body.

Guessing that Yuan Yutang would be surprised and puzzled, the sloppy old man turned around and rushed to the side to explain, "Teacher, the blood on the tip of the tongue is also known as 'true yang splash'. The most yang and the strongest are the yang essence of a person. Anyone who practices the law, No matter good or bad, all mana is stored in the blood on the tip of the tongue, and cannot be used easily.

But as soon as it comes out, its strength will skyrocket, and the Painted Skin Ghost has not dared to make a move in person, which is inseparable from the fact that his teacher has not yet used the tip of his tongue. "

"As a teacher, spraying blood on you with the tip of your tongue is equivalent to borrowing half of your Taoism.

It's just that the time is limited, and it will disappear within a stick of incense, so don't waste time, kill ghosts as your teacher! "

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang's doubts disappeared, and his fighting spirit rose to a new level.

Feeling an unprecedented power flowing in his body, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but be filled with enthusiasm, couldn't help but screamed up to the sky, and rushed to catch up with the sloppy old way, and was the first to collide with the surging army of painted skin slaves.

The sloppy old man couldn't help being stunned when he saw this, and then he laughed heartily and said, "Hahaha, my apprentice is very powerful in the battlefield, and there are apprentices like this, so why not die as a teacher, why worry about the mountain gate not being prosperous~"

Rumble!

A crowd of more than a thousand charged, immediately causing a weak earthquake.

Yuan Yutang's momentum was like a rainbow, and he took the lead. He even exploded with the majestic spirit of thousands of troops with his own strength.

Ten steps away from the painting slave, Yuan Yutang couldn't wait to jump up and smash into the painting slave like a shooting star.

Fist, head, shoulder, elbow, hip, knee, foot...

In an instant, he turned into a human-shaped killing machine, and any part of his body became a deadly weapon. One after another, each blow had the power to break gold and crack rocks, and rushed towards the unresponsive Huapinu like a hurricane.

The battle to the death is about to start!


		