

Everyone in the world is lazy, and they often hope to get something for nothing.

But there is no such thing as a pie in the sky.

If true, perhaps it could be sugar-coated poison...


There is an ancient mountain village in Kuaizhou, Sichuan-Shaanxi Road, named Sanhetun.

There is a lazy man named Pei Guang in the village.

Either the old man's ability to choose a name is not enough, or the sins of the previous life have not been repaid. Since Pei Guang was born, the Pei family, which was already impoverished, has truly lost everything.

In other words, although Pei Guang has been lazy since he was a child, he is handsome and eloquent, and he is born to please women. Very moisturizing.

But flowers do not have a hundred days of redness, and people do not have a thousand days of happiness.

After all, eating soft food depends on the capital of youth. Once a person is over thirty years old, no matter how good-looking he is, if he does not maintain it properly, his appearance will eventually fall off a cliff.

No, the girls and daughters-in-law who used to love Pei Guang gradually began to feel disgusted when they saw his appearance. In addition, there is a lack of everything these days, but there is no shortage of uneven handsome boys.

A generation behind the wave pushes forward, Pei Guang is no one young, no one is handsome, the simple summary is that he has lost his core competitiveness.

So, Pei Guang, who was old and decrepit, had no choice but to lose his job in the ranks of the little boys.

It's just that after a person has tasted the taste of getting something for nothing, it may be more difficult than climbing to the sky if he wants to work hard and live a down-to-earth life.

Pei Guang didn't work hard and didn't want to work, so he fell from heaven to hell all of a sudden, and his life was extremely embarrassing.

Even though he lived a down-and-out life with constant ups and downs, Pei Guang still went his own way.

Just when he was about to starve to death, a strange thing happened to him.

The story started three days ago. Pei Guangshi, who had been hungry for a whole day and night, had his chest stuck to his back, and he had no rice to cook. He had no choice but to go to the back mountain to pick wild vegetables to satisfy his hunger.

There is a lack of supplies these days, coupled with the depression of all industries, all the supplies that can be eaten have been swept away by the hungry and red-eyed villagers, and there are no wild vegetables in the mountains waiting for his uncle Pei to pick them.

Weakly wandering around the back mountain for a long time, Pei Guang naturally found nothing.

Just as he was cursing bad luck, and was about to go home and drink some cold water to sleep through the night before making plans, he accidentally kicked a stone in the bushes by the side of the road.

Stones are not uncommon, they are all over the mountains and plains, even if they are thrown by the roadside, no one cares about them.

But the strange thing is that when the black stone was kicked and rolled on the ground, it actually let out a human scream.

This frightened Pei Guang to the point of losing his soul.

Ignorance and superstition are prevalent in the remote areas, and the people here have been fascinated by all kinds of strange tales since birth.

When he suddenly encountered a talking stone, how could Pei Guang not think about the elves and wild monsters.

You must know that the mountain spirits and wild monsters in the story are extremely cruel and eat people!

Although Pei Guang is lazy, he is not stupid, nor has he lived enough.

When this happens, his first reaction is to run!

However, the moment he just took a step, the second sentence of the strange stone made him unable to move his feet.

"Oh, don't be afraid, this seat is still the mountain god here, you and I are destined today, this seat wants to give you a piece of wealth, it's up to you to take it or not."

To say that Pei Guang's brain circuit is really novel, if someone else encountered such an outrageous and weird situation, they would have already ran away in a panic.

But Pei Guang didn't!

As soon as he heard that there was a gift of wealth and honor, he suddenly felt as if he had been poked in an itchy spot. He stopped and turned around and asked in surprise, "You, what you said is true?"

The reason why strange and strange stories are strange and strange stories is that the essence of them lies in a strange character.

You must know that not all of those absurd and bizarre stories are scary, and there are many stories about adventures.

For example, a poor boy meets a celestial girl who goes down to earth, and the two fall in love and finally stay together forever.

Another example is the silly boy Hong Fu Qitian, who accidentally rescued a trapped spirit, and was rewarded with wealth afterwards.

Anyway, there are too many such whimsical stories.

So Pei Guang's first reaction was:

And it's my turn for such a good thing?

"Yes, yes, gods don't lie, you and I are destined, and I want to give you wealth, how about it?" The strange stone said again.

Even in his dreams, he wanted to encounter such a good thing, Pei Guang would not refuse, he nodded immediately, and repeatedly agreed, "Of course, of course, anyone who doesn't want free wealth is a fool!"

The strange stone then said, "Well, at midnight tonight, you come to the back mountain alone, prepare a three-year-old rooster, half a leaf of pork belly, and three carps weighing half a catty. Put the tribute on the ground and kowtow towards the east. Three beeps of the head, and then a loud cry: "Second Aunt Hu Ying has a long life, and the next day, Fugui will come to the door on her own initiative."

Hearing that the conditions were so harsh, Pei Guang, who was full of expectations, couldn't help but retreat a little.

When he thought about it, if labor and management had the money to buy so many big fish and meat, why the hell would they need to seek wealth?

Simply hilarious!

Seeming to see the hesitation in Pei Guang's heart, the strange stone continued to bewitch, "Just imagine, although there are many tributes, it is not difficult to get them. You are fully capable of preparing them, but good things that are bestowed by God do not happen often. If you miss today, Maybe you will never meet again for the rest of your life.”

"The specifics are all in your mind."

Pei Guang, who was a little shaken at first, started to act again after being persuaded like this.

Wei Shi was right. Although there were many tributes, they were not worth a lot of money. If Pei Guang went to ask for a loan, he would still be able to raise them all.

But once the adventure is missed, if it is true, wouldn't it be regrettable in the future?

It doesn't matter, life and death are fate, wealth and honor are in the sky, and if God doesn't take it, he will be blamed instead.

Fight!

The big deal is to sell off the last bit of property to pay off debts. Anyway, the situation is not so bad.

Yes.

Pei Guang made up his mind to take a gamble, gritted his teeth and said ruthlessly, "Okay, I'll take care of you, if you dare to lie to me, labor and management will definitely smash your broken rock to ashes!"

Guai Shi laughed happily, "Don't worry, God won't lie, you can arrange it anyway, congratulations for making a wise choice~"

In this way, Pei Guang, who was obsessed with money, hurried back to the village, used his sharp tongue, stalked and withdrew half a tael of silver from the villagers in the village, and couldn't wait to go to the market to buy supplies.

Hurry up, and finally collect the tribute requested by the strange stone before dark.

Everything is ready, just waiting for nightfall.

Waiting left and right, finally waited until the second watch, he was already restless, he didn't want to wait, he hurriedly took his things and rushed to the back mountain.

In the torment of living through the days and years, the third watch that I had been thinking about and looking forward to finally arrived.

Afraid of missing the hour, Pei Guang placed the big rooster, pork, and fat fish on the ground one by one, kowtowed three times to Dongfang sincerely, and then roared in the most sincere tone of his life:

"Second Aunt Hu Ying has a long life!"

After the roar, nothing appeared, and a few night crows flew over the canopy at the right time, croaking strangely, as if they were mocking Pei Guang for being a fool.

Realizing that he might be being tricked, Pei Guang couldn't help scratching his hair in annoyance.

It's a pity that the strange stone has long disappeared, even if he wanted to settle the score, there was nothing he could do.

In line with the principle of stopping the loss, Pei Guang packed up the tribute and went home dejectedly, intending to eat a good meal tomorrow to make up for the loss of his soul.

However, after falling asleep for a while, he was awakened by a rapid knock on the door.

With nowhere to vent his depression all night, and having his dreams interrupted again, the irritable Pei Guang rushed out the door with a knife in his hand, ready to fight desperately.

However, when the door was opened, no one was found outside.

The moon was covered by dark clouds and the night wind was blowing, Pei Guang was suddenly alert, thinking that he had encountered a terrifying ghost knocking on the door, and immediately wanted to go back in fear.

Unexpectedly, the moment he turned around, his feet seemed to have stumbled on something, and he staggered and almost fell down.

Looking down, he was immediately dumbfounded.

Because there is a piece of golden dog's head gold, the size of a fist, clearly placed on the ground.

Pei Guang had never seen such a large piece of gold before, he was dazzled for a moment, and bent down in disbelief to pick up the large piece of gold on the ground.

Feeling the heavy gold in his hand, Pei Guang couldn't help but feel elated.

It's true, it's true, it's true!

For a moment he was overwhelmed with ecstasy, crying and laughing.

Afterwards, the gold was naturally converted into a fortune by him, and he lived a happy life for a period of time.

But the good times didn't last long, with no production and extravagant spending, no amount of money was rootless duckweed. After only one and a half years, that windfall was squandered by Pei Guang.

People's desires cannot be satisfied, especially if they have tasted the sweetness.

Even though Pei Guang knew that strange stories should not be provoked too much, but he couldn't help it, and after losing his family fortune, he turned his attention to the strange stone again.

The strange rock was waiting for him in the back mountain like a prophet.

He is still very talkative and friendly, but the tribute requested this time is a bit embarrassing.

One cow, ten sheep, fifty pigs.

As long as you prepare the tribute and say, "Second Aunt Hu Ying will live forever, you will be able to give him riches and honor again."

This time Pei Guang didn't hesitate anymore, and quickly made preparations according to the strange stone's instructions.

After the sacred ceremony, Pei Guang got a priceless ruby ​​as he wished.

Relying on this jewel, Pei Guang lived a carefree life for another three years.

But the following plot is still the same, three years later Pei Guang was once again penniless.

Desperate, Pei Guang once again turned to the omnipotent strange stone for help.

It's just that no one knows whether this transaction is successful or not.

But now there is an idiot who is crazy all day long on the street, often talking incoherently about the legend about the wishing stone.

"Young master, that man is so pitiful."

In the market restaurant, Yuan Yutang and his party were having lunch, watching the stupid man across the street being teased by scoundrels, Lan Xi couldn't bear to sympathize.

Yuan Yutang put down his chopsticks in disdain, and said flatly, "There must be something to hate about a poor person. You only see his down and out, but you don't consider his self-satisfaction when he gets something for nothing. This is wrong."

Lan Xi grumbled aggrievedly, paused, and then asked enthusiastically, "My lord, then do you think the story he told about the wishing stone is true or not?"

Yuan Yutang shook his head and smiled, "It doesn't matter whether it's true or not, the most important thing is to be down-to-earth. If you always think about getting something for nothing, you will eventually reap the consequences."

Lan Xi stuck out her tongue cutely, but stopped talking.

This is just a boring episode they encountered on their journey, who cares what the truth is?

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 36 The Story of the Stone is free to read.




		