

Worried and frightened all night, seeing that it would be dawn soon, there was still no movement in Nie Xiaoqian's boudoir, and Nie Sanyuan, who was already nervous, became more and more uneasy.

Just when he couldn't help but go to check.

creak~

The door that had been closed overnight slowly opened.

Yuan Yutang strolled out of it, and in his hand was a super cute little beast with a head as white as snow, a body like a kitten, a small long nose and small fangs.

"Wow, son, where did you get this little beast, so cute~"

After getting along overnight, Lan Xi, who was almost close to becoming a best friend, was talking to Nie Xiaoqian, but when he saw the little beast in Yuan Yutang's arms, his eyes lit up immediately, and he cheered and pulled Nie Xiaoqian towards him.

Girls are born with no resistance to cute things.

For some reason, the super cute little beast looked unlovable. The two big eyes that were originally as black as stars were gray and white, and there was no response even if the two girls kneaded it at will.

Yuan Yutang cheerfully handed the little beast to the two loving girls to play with, and went straight to Nie Sanyuan who was full of anxiety, cupped his fists and said with a light smile, "Member Nie, fortunately, he didn't disgrace his life, the evil spirit who caused trouble has been killed I surrender, and your daughter will have no worries."

"Is this true?" Nie Sanyuan suddenly beamed with joy and asked in surprise.

"Then, dare to ask the real person, where is the evil spirit that caused the disaster? Well, it's not that the old man doesn't trust the real person, but the matter is very important. The old man wants to see it with his own eyes before he can rest assured." Nie Sanyuan explained blushingly.

Yuan Yutang pursed his lips with a half-smile, "It's okay, the poor can understand the affectionate feelings of Yuanwai's beloved daughter. As for the evil spirits, aren't they far away in the sky and right in front of us?"

Hearing that Yaoxie was nearby, Nie Sanyuan was furious and shocked, and hurriedly followed Yuan Yutang's signaled reaction, and was dumbfounded at a glance.

"This, is this true?" Nie Sanyuan pointed in disbelief at the little white beast being caressed intimately by the second daughter, and tremblingly said, "The real man said, that little beast... is coveting my daughter, Ju Xiaonan The culprit of Ping Shan?"

Yuan Yutang nodded with a chuckle, then turned serious, and said solemnly, "Mr. Nie, don't be fooled by the cute appearance of that evil animal. It is a descendant of an ancient alien beast - the nightmare, half ghost, half beast, born to be born. , feeds on dreams, can enter and exit dreams at will, come and go without a trace, it can be described as extremely difficult."

"Pindao also used some...special means to subdue this beast... Well, after all, the problem is solved, please trust the poor."

Speaking of this, Yuan Yutang seemed to think of something funny that he couldn't help laughing, and he almost laughed, but he was so tense, but he didn't want to say any more.

Nie Sanyuan was skeptical.

Is that fragile white beast really as powerful as Yuan Yutang said?

Although he didn't fully believe in it, Nie Sanyuan, who is well versed in the world, also understood the truth that too much is too much, so he shut up in time and turned to flatter Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang smiled politely.

Soon the sun broke through the sky and rose from the east.

The gloom and gloom that had shrouded Nie's family village for many days finally cleared up after the rain.

After resting for half a day at will, after lunch at noon, Yuan Yutang and his party ignored Nie Sanyuan's enthusiasm to stay, and set off again when they were ready.

Sitting in the carriage, regardless of Lan Xi's strong objection, Yuan Yutang snatched the little white beast from her arms, squeezed its chubby little face, and said with a smile, "Little thing, your secret is It’s in my hands, if you don’t want to be made public, be more honest in the future, you know?”

The white little beast that had 'tired, destroy it' written all over its face trembled when it heard the words, and there was a trace of fear in its gray eyes.

If it could talk, it would definitely ask Yuan Yutang a question:

Are you a fucking devil? ?

It still doesn't understand how it got Yuan Yutang's way in the dream, and took the sow demon back as Nie Xiaoqian, and did that mediocre thing, which ruined its reputation for a lifetime and was forced to sell itself as a slave One hundred years to pay off debts.

Of course, Yuan Yutang would not be kind enough to tell Little White Beast that he has a "Miscellaneous Secret Arts" that records the secret arts that are not handed down in the market. Use the ugly sow demon caught temporarily to display a ray of fetal transformation and shape-changing magical powers to replace the rigidity of peaches and plums.

One ring after another, from the very beginning, the little white beast was eaten to death, whether it was intentional or not, how could the little white beast not be planted?

Yuan Yutang looked at the tangled appearance of the pure white beast who dared to be angry but dared not speak, and couldn't help laughing triumphantly.

At this time, it was still a hundred miles away from Guobei County.


At the same time, Shuijing County in Shaozhou, Tianshui Road.

Since Sun Yi ran into a foreign vampire near Jingshan a few months ago (Chapter 15), he seemed to have suffered from a heart attack, and couldn't help but go down the mountain to inspect it every few days.

Besides, there was one more thing that worried him quite a bit.

The mysterious foreign blonde who saved him from foreign vampires couldn't help revealing a murderous look when she heard that he was the guest minister of Jingshan Zongmen, as if she had a mortal enemy with the Zongmen.

This discovery troubled him.

Although he only served as Jingshan Zongkeqing for five years, since Yuan Yutang trusted him in the matter of being loyal to others, since Yuan Yutang trusted him to let him stay in the sect and find talents, then he was duty-bound.

Absolutely must not let vampires or blondes pose any danger to Zongmen.

On this day, Sun Yi finished his inspection of dozens of miles around Jingshan Mountain, but found nothing unusual, the sky was still early, and the three guardians had little contact with him.

Thinking that going back would be deserted anyway, and it was not far from Zhoucheng, so he simply changed his way to Zhoucheng to relax.

Daxia has nine roads and eighty-one prefectures. If you want to say that the most prosperous places are Lingnan Road, which is close to the sea and trades, and Tianshui Road, a land of fish and rice.

The state city is still prosperous, with a flow of people, shouting and clamoring.

Sun Yi wandered around the city bored.

With the crowds came to the lively Dongshi.

Dongshi is the second largest market in Zhoucheng, where the logistics of the three religions converge, and there is a jumble of fish and dragons, which is both lively and messy.

Sun Yi was attracted by a restaurant that sold big bone sticks, a specialty of Yunshu Road.

If you have nothing to do in your free time, you can relive the delicacies of your hometown, which is also a big deal.

So he went in.

It's just that after he took a sip of the fragrant big bone stick, he regretted it a little.

There is no other reason, the taste is wrong.

The Taoists of Yunshu do not like anything spicy, but the Taoists of Tianshui mainly focus on lightness. In order to cater to the taste of the locals, the restaurants and stores directly remove the essence of the spicy taste of the big bone stick.

Is the non-spicy big bone stick still a special delicacy of Yunshu?

Sun Yi shook his head helplessly, put down his chopsticks and wanted to pay the bill and leave.

At this moment, the conversation between the two idlers at the next table caught his attention.

"...Hey, have you heard? There is a big incident in the west city, and the yamen servants have blocked it for nearly two days, which shows the seriousness of the situation."

"Oh? Brother, are you talking about the tragedy of Liang Ping, the puppet maker in the west of the city?"

"Yo, my virtuous brother is very well informed, I thought you didn't know about it yet... That's right, it was the tragedy in which all five members of Liang Ping's family were silenced except him."

"Hiss~ No, my brother heard about this half a month ago. Didn't everyone say that Liang Ping's puppet went crazy and slaughtered all the women and children to make puppets? The evidence in this case is solid and conclusive. He was beheaded for public display. After such a long time, what is there to block?"

"Could it be that there are new clues proving that Liang Ping was wronged, and the Yamen is going to overturn the case?"

Hearing this, the eldest brother of the two couldn't help but chuckled, and looked down on the virtuous brother with a social expression, "What are you talking about, don't talk about overturning the case, the yamen's wine bags and food bags are not subdued. If you beat them into tricks, your ancestors have accumulated virtue!"

He said with a mysterious smile, looked left and right, and made sure no one was paying attention, then lowered his voice and whispered in Xiandi's ear:

"You and I, this is my neighbor's second aunt's third aunt's fourth grandson's neighbor's eldest nephew, who is working in the yamen. I tell you the secret, don't spread it around, you know?"

Seeing that the elder brother was so grand, the younger brother nodded quickly and swore that he would never spread it to the outside world.

Then the elder brother nodded in satisfaction and said:

"I've heard it. Pay attention. It's just what I heard. I can't guarantee its authenticity! I heard that the magistrate was negligent when he judged the case. He closed the case in a hurry without waiting for the head of the yamen servant to find the human puppet made by Liang Ping who killed his family."

"Although there are all witnesses in this case, and Liang Ping is unwilling to die a hundred times, but in the end, Master Zhizhou has neglected his duties. This matter is big or small... If nothing happened, it would be a cover-up..."

"but!!"

"It just happened a few days ago that something big happened!"

Brother Xian was shocked when he heard the words, and hurriedly asked, "My good brother, don't be a fool, tell me quickly!"

The eldest brother smiled triumphantly and continued.

"The thing is like this. Wasn't it Master Yu's 80th birthday a few days ago? The servant of the Ministry of Rites is Master Yu's nephew. The head of such a rich family celebrates his birthday. How could he not celebrate his birthday with much fanfare? Many people have been invited. Will the acrobatic troupe, theater troupe and other quack artists perform to help celebrate?"

"You also know that the puppet show is a must in our Shaozhou, and Mr. Yu is notoriously a theater idiot. How can there be no puppet theater troupe on such a happy day?"

"If things go wrong, it's the puppet troupe!"

Shocked by the storytelling words of elder brother Iam Chodun, Brother Xian took a breath and couldn't help interjecting, "Could it be that an assassin who robbed the rich and gave to the poor got into the puppet troupe and assassinated the master on the spot?"

The elder brother spat immediately when he heard the words, and cursed bitterly, "I usually tell you not to go to the teahouse to listen to storytelling, but if you don't listen to it, won't you lose your mind?"

"The puppet theater troupe is all locals. You can't look up and look down. Do you think outsiders can get in? Even if there are assassins infiltrating to assassinate the master as you said, it's none of Liang Ping's business!"

Brother Xian smiled sarcastically, not daring to speak again.

The eldest brother sighed, as if recalling some horrible memory, his eyes flickered to reveal the mystery:

"The reason why it is said that the puppet troupe is responsible is because this troupe is Liang Ping's biggest customer, and just delivered a batch of newly made puppets before Liang Ping was executed."

"On the second day of the master's birthday, seven people in the mansion were strangely made into puppets!!"

"Do you think this is strange?"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter Thirty-nine Strange news is free to read.




		