

As soon as the yin and yang abacus sounded, there was a good price in the sky.

There are compradors in the world, which specifically refer to businessmen who help foreign countries conduct bilateral trade with Daxia.

These people only care about money, have no moral bottom line, and have a wide network of contacts. They can sell anything for profit, including conscience and morality.

However, there is another type of comprador businessman who is more hateful than compradors who cooperate with foreign enemies for profit, called "ghost compradors".

If ordinary compradors only do bilateral trade, then "ghost compradors" are engaged in unscrupulous transactions between the world and the underworld.

A series of cruel behaviors such as seclusion, massacre, bewitchment, sacrifice, etc., as long as the profit is driven, the "ghost traitor" is willing to do it.

Strictly speaking, "ghost compradors" already belong to the category of cults.

No wonder there will be three Yin Luo ghosts guarding here, so it can be completely explained.

""Ghost compradors" have always been mysterious and unpredictable, and they will retaliate. Although we don't know what they are doing with the head tower, but we have ruined his bad deeds, and Liangzi is settled. "

Li Chun knew the danger of "ghost compradors" wholeheartedly, and was quite worried.

Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia didn't care.

They are benevolent and unrestrained people, and they are naturally at odds with evil sects and crooked ways. Not to mention the possibility of being hated by "ghost compradors", even if "ghost compradors" dare to come to seek revenge, they will never come back, there is no room for them Word.

Li Chunyi smiled bitterly and was speechless.

Several carriages were found in the barracks, and the three of them loaded the heads away one by one.

Five carts were fully loaded before the packing was completed.

Confirming again and again that there is nothing left behind, the three set off to return.

When it was almost dawn, we returned to the village.

Chen Changsheng, covered in dirt, accompanied Lanxi with a hoe at the entrance of the village.

After meeting Yuan Yutang smiled gently, "Thank you for your hard work, junior."

Chen Changsheng didn't sleep all night, and finally dug more than 300 holes, and waited for the head to be retrieved and filled with earth for burial.

"Your heads have all been taken back. Hurry up and get them before dawn, so that you can go on your way after you get them."

Yan Chixia said calmly.

woo woo woo~

Soon there was a creepy ghost cry in the void, and then the mist rose, and the ghosts of the villagers who died tragically appeared one by one, happily rummaging through their heads on the cart.

"Don't grab, don't grab, this head is mine!"

"Fart, do you deserve such a handsome head? It's mine. Let me go!"

"Hahaha, my head, my head is finally back~"

"Mom, your first child has been found!"


Listening to these ghostly words of joy from the heart, Yuan Yutang and the others did not feel joy at all, but felt inexplicably sad and almost shed tears.

Perhaps this is the sorrow of the people at the bottom.

Life is precarious, life is poor, and only short-term joy can be obtained after a tragic disaster.

This damn world!

"This time, thanks to the great help of all the nobles, we, the rootless wild ghosts, can regain their complete bodies and be buried in peace."

The white-haired old man appeared in vain and bowed deeply to everyone.

Yuan Yutang and the others accepted it calmly.

This has nothing to do with morality, it is purely a voluntary help, and they feel at ease in thanking them.

And if he refuses, I'm afraid the white-haired old man will also feel uneasy.

"Old man, why don't you go find your head?"

Lan Xi said with a bold smile.

The white-haired old man was about to speak, when suddenly there was an exclamation from the crowded carriage, followed by howling ghosts and wolves.

"Wow, some ghosts have degenerated into evil ghosts~"

"Help, kill the ghost~"

Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia reacted the fastest, and rushed to the scene of the incident like arrows in an instant, pushing away the fleeing ghosts, and were immediately taken aback. ..

The obese village woman who snatched the head first couldn't wait to put the head on the body, but she didn't want a sudden change.

The moment the body was fully formed, the originally weak Yin Qi suddenly swelled up, and his face became extremely ferocious, grabbing the ghosts around him and wanting to eat them.

Yan Chixia was well-informed, she immediately revealed the truth, and shouted awe-inspiringly, "Oops, these heads have been piled up in Beijing for some time, and I'm afraid they have already been entangled with hatred. I was busy transporting the heads back but forgot to purify the hatred. If you don't come into contact with a wandering soul, you'll immediately become vicious and vicious, and you'll instantly turn into a ghost!"

call out!

With sharp eyes and quick hands, Yuan Yutang jumped onto the fat village woman's shoulders like a monkey, strangled her chin forcefully, preventing her from harming the captured ghost villagers, and then stretched out his arms, let out a loud shout, and suddenly pushed her up hard. pull.

With a crisp snap, the rotten head of the obese village woman was pulled out again by Yuan Yutang abruptly like a radish in the ground.

"Wow~"

The obese village woman who had regained her sobriety was so frightened that she sat down on the ground and broke down crying when she remembered the involuntary experience just now.

"Namo, drinking Ratana, Dora Yeye... Namo, Alaye... Polukadi, Shuobaraye..."

Suddenly, a burst of compassionate and peaceful Buddha singing in Sanskrit sounded.

The sound of the Buddha is profound and solemn, and the barriers of the heart will disappear immediately after hearing it, and the spiritual platform will wake up.

Whether it was the obese village woman who almost turned into a ghost, or the panicked ghost villagers, they quickly calmed down, and each of them was as devout as a believer for many years.

Yuan Yutang held the fat village woman's head, turned around in surprise, and saw Yan Chixia, who was rough and wild, concentrating on singing, which was very different from her usual image, which made him very uncomfortable.

Only then did he realize that Yan Chixia is a genius, not only the Taoism is profound, but also the Buddhist supernatural powers are extremely profound, and his signature supernatural power is the six-character mantra of the Vajra Mantra——Hano Paramita!

With the sound of the Buddha's sound, one kilometer in radius seems to be in the legendary Great Freedom of Buddhism, free from worries, sorrows and joys.

Zizizi~

Amidst the intense sound of cold water falling into a pan of oil, plumes of black smoke rose from the carts carrying the villagers' heads, as if some unclean things were being purified.

It didn't take long for all the black smoke to evaporate, and Yan Chixia stopped singing a little tiredly.

First defeated the guard camp of Xinglin County with one enemy, then fought fiercely against the ghost generals of Yin Luo, and then drove back without stopping. Now, once again purifying the long-lasting grievances, even Yan Chixia is deeply moved. Can't bear it.

All the ghosts relished the peaceful state just now, knowing that there would be no future troubles, so they continued to search for their own heads.

Hurry up, and finally all the ghosts have found their heads before the sun comes out.

"The great kindness of all the nobles, the three hundred and fifty-four people in Laoma Village will never forget it. There is no chance to repay it in this life. When I come, I will repay my kindness by doing everything I can!"

The white-haired old man stood in front of the pit dug by Chen Changsheng with a group of wandering souls who turned their heads back, and sincerely expressed their final thanks.

Yuan Yutang also solemnly returned the salute and said solemnly, "Ashes return to ashes, this life is what happens in this life, and what happens in the next life will be known in the next life. It's getting late, I implore you all to return to the netherworld!"

"Only respect the decree of the Taoist priest!"

After finishing speaking, the white-haired old man took the lead and jumped down into the pit to lie down peacefully. The rest of the ghost villagers followed suit and jumped down into the pit like dumplings.

Such a funny scene, if the background is changed, it may make people laugh out loud.

It's a pity that no one can laugh at this situation.

"Incense!"

Yuan Yutang sighed solemnly, and Chen Changsheng who was beside him immediately lit a handful of sandalwood that had been prepared in advance with his magic power, and immediately inserted them in front of more than three hundred new graves.

Sitting cross-legged, Yuan Yutang was like an old monk in meditation, pinching the Jue with his hands, and sincerely recited the soul-crossing mantra:

"Men and women, wild ghosts and wandering souls... cross the mortal world, like floating clouds, leave no traces of life... leave no love, leave no hatred, leave no traces of life..."

In the sound of Taoist chanting sutras, peaceful phantoms rose from the pit and fell into the void, leaving only the sincere thanks in the air.

As the last character fell, a great light suddenly burst out on the horizon.

The sun rises and a new day begins.

After saving a group of wandering souls who had died in vain, the four elders worked together to fill in the earth and build the tomb, and the work was not completed until Xiangwu.

So far, the calculation has come to an end.


Back in time a few hours ago, Gunzhou City, the capital of Shannan Road, was thousands of miles away from Yuan Yutang and the others.

Everyone in the world knows that the orthodox Taoist sects in the world are respected by the seven sects and five mountains. However, there is another sect that transcends the seven sects and five mountains.

Originally Tianping Pingzhai was just a little-known small sect of Buddhism. Since Pudu Cihang became the national teacher more than 20 years ago, it has expanded extremely rapidly. There are 72 states in the world, and its branch temples have entered 47 A state city.

If the time is right, Tianpingzhai will surely bloom and disperse throughout the summer.

In the branch temple of Tianpingzhai in Gunzhou, the presiding master Juexin is entertaining two fellow disciples who came from afar.

The benevolent Master Jue Xin greeted the two classmates with a smile.

The nun on the left with a glamorous temperament and beautiful features is called Zanghua, and she is one of the twelve Buddha women who are close to Pudu Cihang.

The nun on the right with a smile like a flower and a fiery figure is called Nian Ye, and she is also one of the twelve Buddha women who are close to Pudu Cihang.

"Two junior sisters, Zanghua and Nianye, it's been ten years since the last farewell. I miss you so much. It's rare to get together with the two of you. I specially prepared baby tea for you!"

Hearing Master Juexin's words, the two glamorous little nuns who were waiting at the side immediately picked up the dumbfounded seven-year-old child beside them, and walked quickly into the back hall.

Soon there was a creepy muffled sound of crushing flesh and bones in the back hall, and the three nuns present completely ignored it, still warmly familiarizing themselves with each other.

Immediately, the glamorous little nun brought three bowls of steaming red tea soup.

The Tibetan flowers and twisted leaves moved their index fingers when they saw the tea soup, and they were not polite, they took it up and drank it all in one gulp.

"Bah~" Nian Ye spat out half a broken tooth, and then grinned open her small red cherry mouth, "Thank you, Senior Sister, for your hospitality, I haven't had such an authentic boy's tea for a long time."

Master Jue Xin bowed her head with a smile, and was just about to speak when her face suddenly changed, she jumped up and glared at the west.

Seeing this, Zanghua and Nianye hurriedly asked, "Senior sister, something happened?"

Master Juexin's face was uncertain, and after a while, he said with a gloomy face, "Someone broke my penetrating and nourishing formation, but it's not a big problem, it's just a small eye, and it's not harmful to the overall situation."

Zanghua and Zanghua obviously know the inside story. Although they belong to the same sect, it is better not to ask about some things that should not be asked.

The two looked at each other, and the more sociable Nian Ye smiled and said, "Didn't Senior Sister just ask why we came here? Someone killed Zhao Tianming, the teacher's favorite cook, more than a month ago, and now these Buddhist enemies are here Inside Shannan Road."

"We boldly beseech Senior Sister Jue Xin to help us and join hands to wipe out the Buddha's enemies!!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 24 Boy Tea is free to read.




		