

Lao Jin is a traveling merchant in Xinghua Village, Anshan Township. He usually makes a living by carrying two loads of mountain goods into the city to sell money. The whole family, old and young, depend on him.

If Tianshui Road is a well-known land of fish and rice in the whole country, it stands to reason that there should be no need to worry about fertile land and abundance, and it can feed the whole family casually.

However, in fact, the number of people who starve to death every year in Tianshui Road is not less than that of other eight ways.

There are thousands of acres of fertile land in Tianshui Road, Fengze stars are real, but for more than three hundred years, these good things have long been occupied by powerful men. Ordinary people either go to the mountains to be bitter hunters, or serve as hardworking servants , Barely mixed food and drink.

Xinghua Village is even worse. Not only is the location remote, there is no fertile land and no abundance, and there are not many wild animals in Te Niang. It is as desolate as a forbidden zone of life.

If it hadn't been rooted here for generations, and the resources of mountain goods can barely support the family, I'm afraid people would have run away long ago.

It's just that Lao Jin is very sad recently.

There is no other reason, the only way out of the mountain is evil.

It is heard that there are evil spirits, and three fellow villagers who do not believe in evil have disappeared.

Seeing that the brown rice in the rice tank at home is about to bottom out, and everything that can be eaten within a mile is about to be eaten up.

Lao Jin put his mind to one side, went into the mountains this morning and risked his life to pick a lot of top-quality oyster mushrooms the size of a child's arm.

Oyster mushrooms are a good thing. I heard from the servants of a wealthy family in the city that they taste like abalone in the sea, and they can nourish yin and tonify yang.

Lao Jin has never eaten abalone, but it does not prevent him from knowing that it means big money.

Therefore, oyster mushrooms that are comparable to abalone are willing to be bought by rich families in the city, and he is counting on the life-saving medicine for the whole family in exchange.

However, although the oyster mushrooms have been picked, Lao Jin's biggest worry is how to get out of the mountain and come back safely.

The countryside is generally ignorant and superstitious, and the monsters and ghosts in this world are not legends, but real ones.

There are three unlucky people who can't see the life and death of the dead as negative teaching materials. How can Lao Jin not worry?

It's just that when he looked at the whole family whose eyes were green with hunger, he felt an evil fire inexplicably.

Why?

Why is it that the world is so difficult, and you still have to be tortured by demons and ghosts?

Go to Te Niang's world, I can't do it!

The more Lao Jin thought about it, the more angry he became. At the same time, he also knew that if his family members were hungry, there would be problems. So he put his mind to it, picked up the hatchet, picked up the cargo load, and resolutely left the mountain regardless of his family's opposition.

It was still in the afternoon when I came out, and there were no moths. I went to the city smoothly to ship the goods with the familiar goods, and then hurried to the grain store to buy about 50 catties of moldy old grain.

After he finished his work, he realized that it was getting dark.

Everyone knows that after nightfall, the demons and ghosts are most active. There is nothing wrong with going out of the mountain during the day, and nothing will happen if you have to go back to the village at night. The three unlucky ghosts who disappeared happened at night.

Reason told him that he should deal with it overnight in the city and return to the village after dawn, which would be much safer.

Just thinking of his father, mother, mother-in-law and children dying of hunger when he came out in the afternoon, he was so anxious that he didn't want to wait for a moment.

The reason why life-saving food is called life-saving food is because it is waiting for life-saving.

In case of a one-night delay, if there is something good or bad going back home tomorrow, wouldn't all thoughts be ashes?

Lao Jin didn't dare to gamble, so he fought hard.

Holding the belief that food should be handed over to his family even if he died, he resolutely left the city and returned home.

woo woo woo~

The wind is howling like a ghost, and the white moonlight is hazy, as if a layer of tulle has been laid between the sky and the earth, everything is hazy.

Walking at night in ancient times was a high-risk job. You can’t see your fingers around you, and it’s not threatened by wild animals, villains, monsters and ghosts. The road is slippery in the dark, and you may die if you accidentally slip your foot.

But Lao Jin couldn't afford to wait, so he could only find a wooden stick as a crutch and walk carefully.

The first thirty miles were safe and sound, and seeing that he was about to enter the mountain, Lao Jin's heart couldn't help but hang.

Looking at the dark mountains and forests, the shadows of trees that look like ferocious ghosts, and listening to the strange sounds in the forest after nightfall, Lao Jin fell into a battle between heaven and man.

Half a minute later, the nostalgia for his relatives still overcame his fear, and Lao Jin tremblingly prepared to enter the mountain.

"Quack~"

Unknown bird shadows shuttled across the canopy, dropping large leaves.

"Chirp~"

There is something moving in the grass stem bushes, and all kinds of weird sounds are intertwined.

"Gah~"

From time to time, the terrifying screams of night owls could be heard in the distance.

Trembling forward, Lao Jin desperately comforted himself not to think wildly, not to think wildly.

But his mind seemed to be out of his control, the more he suppressed it, the more he thought wildly.

Horror scenes that I have heard and seen since I was a child come to my mind like a revolving lantern, and Lao Jin can't help but feel frightened.

Lao Jin looked at the weird twisted kui tree in front of him, just like the lonely old man who hanged himself in the village when he was a child.

The piece of dead wood on the left is like Fa Xiao who stumbled and fell to his death.

Long thin ferns stretched out of the bushes like the hair of a corpse.

Anyway, he didn't feel lonely all of a sudden, it seemed that there were countless indescribable monsters around him, making him feel like falling into an ice cave.

Fear grew wildly in my heart like mushrooms after rain.

At this time, Lao Jin regretted it very much, regretting that he cared about it would cause chaos.

Why not wait for just one night?

Now it's all right, if you don't get killed by the evil spirit, you have to be scared to death.

Now he is in a difficult situation, and he is still three to five miles away from the village. Even if he returns, he will not be able to enter the city.

As for waiting for dawn?

Hey, don't make trouble.

In such a terrifying atmosphere, let alone waiting until dawn, even if he waited for half a stick of incense, he would still be scared to death.

I have no choice but to bite the bullet and move forward.

Gritting his teeth, the dead horse used the method of exorcising evil passed down by the old man in the village as if he were a living horse doctor, cursing obscenities in a low voice, and walked another two miles in fear.

Guessing that there was only more than one mile away from home, Lao Jin couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief.

Just when he was mocking himself for scaring himself, a sudden change occurred, which made him feel like he was struck by lightning.

"Hee hee hee, carry the sedan chair, sit in the sedan chair, the bride in the sedan chair is so pretty~"

"Carrying the sedan chair, sitting in the sedan chair, Jiaoli's bride is so handsome~"

"Carrying the sedan chair, sitting in the sedan chair, Jiaoli's bride is so handsome~"

Suddenly, the three souls of Lao Jin disappeared and the seven souls disappeared, and the whole body slowly collapsed on the ground in fright.

In the middle of the night, in the barren mountains and wild mountains, it is impossible for anyone to play a prank at this time.

And that scary ballad was obviously sung by several children.

In this situation, at this moment, no matter how dull Lao Jin is, he knows that something has happened to him.

Really, really ghosts~

In vain, Lao Jin was heartbroken.

I didn't expect that even if I avoid everything, I still can't avoid the doom of the hit.

If you confess here, what should the young and old in the family do?

Thinking that he might have to follow in the footsteps of those three unlucky ghosts, he felt sad for a moment, and Lao Jin burst into tears.

It's a pity that ghosts have no compassion, only harm.

No matter how sad Lao Jin was crying, the creepy nursery rhyme was getting closer and closer to him.

The dark wind hit, making Lao Jin's hairs stand on end. There were sounds of bouncing footsteps nearby, but he couldn't see anything.

With his life hanging by a thread, Lao Jin chose to give up struggling and lie flat.

There is no way, when facing ghosts, ordinary people either kneel down and beg for mercy, or lie down and die. It is absolutely impossible to escape the pursuit of ghosts.

Lao Jin was already tired enough to be worried all the way, so he simply closed his eyes and waited for death.

Seemingly sensing that Lao Jin had given up struggling, the secretly teasing ghost suddenly lost interest.

A gust of wind blew up, and then Lao Jin saw a scene he would never forget.

In front of him, three dolls with paper-like skin and jet-black lips appeared out of thin air.

Don't ask Lao Jin why he can see so clearly in the dark, it's just because the three ghost dolls are too conspicuous.

The three ghost dolls who appeared just squatted beside Lao Jin, looking at him straight.

Lao Jin was very familiar with those eyes. The eyes of the butchers in the village were like this every year when the pigs were slaughtered during the Chinese New Year. It seemed that they were looking for the parts that were most likely to kill.

It would be a lie to say that you are not afraid, but no matter how afraid you are, there is nothing you can do.

Anyway, he was doomed, and giving up struggling might save him from suffering.

So Lao Jin closed his eyes again, and at the same time thought furiously in his heart:

As a man, I can't help you, kill me if you have the ability!

When I am a ghost, I will let you know why the flowers are so red!

It's a pity that what Lao Jin doesn't know is that most of the souls of people who are harmed by ghosts will be swallowed by ghosts after death.

In other words, he may not even have the chance to be a ghost.

After looking at it for a while, the three ghost dolls grinned at the same time, with murderous looks in their eyes.

Just when Lao Jin thought he was bound to die, a miracle happened unexpectedly.

"Ahem, mere wandering soul, dare to harm people?"

"Give me your soul!"

Lao Jin suddenly opened his eyes, almost blinded by the sudden strong light.

Under the strong light, the three ghost dolls melted like snow, screaming and vanishing into ashes.

Lao Jin, who narrowly escaped from the dead, had a blank mind and couldn't figure out the situation for a long time.

After an unknown amount of time, Lao Jin was awakened by the sound of vain footsteps.

Looking hard, Lao Jin saw a blood-soaked young man with his right arm hanging down coming from the woods, with a few blood-stained talismans between his fingers.

Without thinking about it, he knew that the young man must be the living god who pulled him back from the gate of hell.

Lao Jin wept with joy, he just struggled to get up to thank him, but he didn't want the boy to shake a few times, and fell straight to the ground.

When Yuan Yutang woke up, he found himself lying on the simple bed in Lao Jin's house, and Lao Jin had been waiting on him all night.

After exchanging greetings and thanking him, Lao Jin didn't dare to disturb his benefactor's rest, left food and left in a hurry.

Lying on the bed in a daze for a while, Yuan Yutang couldn't help laughing wryly at himself.

This is the first time, and every time I make myself so embarrassed.

The right arm that was hit by Yang Kai's hidden weapon was still numb, and the veins in all the limbs were burning like fire, so he knew that something was wrong.

Last night when they met on a narrow road, he desperately killed his enemy Yang Kai, but he didn't expect that the general was defeated, the soldiers of Kuizi Battalion did not break up, but were filled with righteous indignation and attacked him desperately.

Poisonously entangled, the combat strength weakened, and the 1,500 elites who cooperated seamlessly were besieged.

In this desperate situation, Yuan Yutang had no choice but to use the fifth heavenly gang magic power newly opened after killing the mother-child concentric ghost, and desperately broke out of the siege, which happened to save Lao Jin's life.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter Thirteen Evil and the Fifth Ability to read for free.




		