

The knife was thin and sharp, it drew a perfect arc in the air, and greeted Yuan Yutang's shoulder in an instant.

If he could move, Yuan Yutang would have at least a hundred ways to dodge, a thousand ways to fight back, and ten thousand ways to twist Zhao Tianming's head off.

It's a pity that there is no if in the world, and he can only watch the knife fall helplessly as he is bound by unknown restraints and cannot move.

Click!

In an instant, blood burst out.

Yuan Yutang's body tensed suddenly, and blue veins appeared on his neck.

I saw a piece of flesh and blood detached from his shoulder.

"Wow, what a mellow blood smell, it seems that the little brother is really good~"

Zhao Tianming held the flesh and blood in surprise, and sniffed it greedily.

The deluded diners on the side only had the instinct to eat, staring at Zhao Tianming enviously, wishing to take his place.

In an instant, half of Yuan Yutang's body was dyed red with blood. His eyes were extremely resentful, and he swore in his heart that if he survived the catastrophe this time, he would definitely pay back his vengeance a hundredfold.

Zhao Tianming waved the knife reluctantly.

Chachacha!

There was a continuous sound of cutting, and Yuan Yutang was cut to pieces in the blink of an eye.

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth tightly, desperately enduring the painful pain, not to let himself pass out.

"The look in your eyes makes the old man very unhappy!"

After putting down the bloody knife, Zhao Tianming stared at Yuan Yutang with a grin and said.

Yuan Yutang was not afraid at all, if eyes could kill, this vile monster would have died thousands of times.

"I wanted you to taste the pinnacle of the world, but unfortunately you don't appreciate it, so let's send you on your way, let us have a good time!"

Zhao Tianming revealed his murderous intent, and slapped Yuan Yutang's head fiercely.

This palm is as powerful as wind and thunder, and it must be extremely powerful. Once it is hit, let alone a fragile head, even a stone mill will smash it to pieces.

The resentment in Yuan Yutang's eyes did not change at all, it seemed that he wanted to keep the image of his enemy in his heart so that he could avenge him in the next life.

Seeing that he was about to die.

In the nick of time, the closed door suddenly exploded, and a figure came swiftly like thunder.

"Monster, don't try to be fierce!"

Before anyone arrived, thunderous shouts resounded throughout the audience.

choke!

A brilliant cold light like a meteor chasing the moon struck very quickly, forcing Zhao Tianming to give up killing Yuan Yutang, and with a strange cry, he retreated to dodge.

bump!

A heavy sword came crashing down. Although it missed Zhao Tianming, the momentum of the sword did not weaken at all. The fierce sword light burst out suddenly, cutting through half of the Zuixianju.

rumbling~

In the terrible movement like a landslide and tsunami, the ignorant diners downstairs fled in panic, and rushed out of the street like headless chickens, and the half-mile radius instantly became a mess.

This sword was as shocking as a rock, and directly stunned the diners who lost their minds.

"Who dares to spoil the old man's good deeds!"

As soon as Zhao Tianming, who was still in shock, stood still, he couldn't wait to ask angrily.

"Open your dog eyes and see clearly, the one who killed you is Yan Chixia, the leader of the six-door golden sword!"

Before the dust had cleared, a tall and tall figure striding out with a sword in hand.

The hair and beard are like halberds, and the leopard head and eyes are domineering.

Such a great person, who else is not the young version of Yan Chixia?

"How courageous! A mere eagle and dog dare to ruin the old man's good deeds, do you know who the old man is?"

Zhao Tianming was afraid of Yan Chixia's aura, and he didn't dare to sway her sharpness, so he could only sternly and impotently rage.

Yan Chixia sneered disdainfully when she heard the words, and said lazily with her ears out, "From your tone, there seems to be a backstage?"

"Nonsense!" Zhao Tianming was furious, screaming furiously, "This old man is a relic of ancient times! Back then, he was enlightened by the national teacher Cihang Pudu and became a human being, and he served the three generations of saints in the imperial dining room. He made great contributions. You Dare to offend this old man, aren't you afraid of being punished by the nine clans?"

Yan Chixia, who had a hippie smile on her face, suddenly became gloomy after hearing these words.

Zhao Tianming thought that the intimidation was finally successful, so he immediately raised his head and sternly reprimanded, "I think you are ignorant, and this old man doesn't care too much about you. Get back quickly, and don't disturb this old man's delicious food!"

Yan Chixia didn't speak, but just stared at Zhao Tianming coldly, only staring at him until the hairs in his heart froze.

"Since when will even monsters be able to bully others with dignity?"

Zhao Tianming was stunned for a moment, and just about to refute, unexpectedly, a flash of sword light flashed as fast as thunder.

The speed was so fast that he couldn't fully react, and then his arm hurt, and a blood mist exploded.

bump!

"Ahhh, my hand~"

The sound of heavy objects falling to the ground was followed by Zhao Tianming's heart-wrenching screams. He looked at the arm that had just been cut off on the ground in panic, and almost fell into madness.

"Don't you like to dismember people and cook them slowly? Don't you like to cook meat? Don't you take the pursuit of worldly food as your highest ideal? I heard that the meat of mutton is also very delicious. Why don't you cook it with good heart? How about letting me enjoy my mouth too?"

These murderous words fell into his ears, like a chill blowing into his heart, making Zhao Tianming terrified.

It was only then that he realized that the man in front of him couldn't use common sense to speculate, and he didn't like to use power to overwhelm others at all.

Demons like to eat blood, this is an irreversible nature, in the past few decades in the palace, Zhao Tianming didn't dare to do anything recklessly, and could only beat teeth occasionally.

When he retired from his old age and returned to his hometown, he completely let himself go.

Although his work is secretive, it is not without trace, and he has been found out several times by warlocks, but every time he moves out of his identity as the national teacher Cihang Pudu and the former royal chef, he can always win without a fight. Subduing the enemy, forcing the warlock who was looking for trouble to retreat.

As time passed, he became more and more mad. In the past, he would consider secrets when he ate blood, but now he simply chooses openly and openly, thinking that with the two gold medals for avoiding death, no one would dare to provoke him.

It's a pity that if you walk a lot at night, you will eventually encounter ghosts, and if you do many unrighteous actions, you will die yourself.

Inexplicably, he felt that a catastrophe was imminent.


Yuan Yutang who fell on the ground seemed to climb from hell to heaven in an instant, and his heart was ecstatic.

I thought I was going to die, but I didn't expect that Yan Chixia suddenly rushed out of another village.

There is help now!

But before he could be happy for too long, suddenly a figure rushed towards him and killed him.

She was indeed one of Zhao Tianming's maidservants.

The servant girl looked weak, but her aura was extremely fierce, like a wild beast that lost her mind, she rushed towards him viciously.

help!

Yuan Yutang yelled for help in his heart, but Yan Chixia turned a blind eye.

Suddenly, a rotting evil ghost appeared out of thin air, and intercepted the maidservant who was showing a fierce look on the way, and the two immediately fought into a ball.

This sudden scene directly confused Yuan Yutang.

"Hehe, Sect Master Yuan is too unlucky to be in such a mess every time."

A playful teasing sound suddenly sounded, Yuan Yutang turned his head to look in surprise, and found that a person appeared behind him at some time.

That man is handsome, with a hippie smile, and he is good at controlling ghosts. Isn't he the long-lost alien Flying Headman, Daxia Town Magic Division Punishment Evil House Brass arrested Li Chunyi?

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth in hatred, feeling that this guy just wanted to see him make a fool of himself.

Fortunately, although Li Chunyi was vicious, he knew how to measure himself. After getting rid of the crazy maid, he didn't overly stimulate Yuan Yutang, and immediately helped him release the unknown bondage.

"Hehe, it's no wonder you have been tricked by the seal of the Fudo King of Buddhism."

"It's okay, just look at my Ten Thousand Dharma Unifying Curse, quick!"

With a bang, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt light all over, as if something inexplicable had been broken, and immediately regained his freedom of movement.

"Woo~"

Jumping up subconsciously, Yuan Yutang, who was covered in bruises, was in pain to the marrow of his bones, and almost fell to the ground.

Li Chunyi hurriedly supported him, and kept shouting, "Slow down, don't fall to your death."

Knowing that this guy has always had a vicious tongue, Yuan Yutang didn't bother to care about it for the sake of saving his life, and immediately sat down cross-legged and used mana to heal his injuries.


On the other side, Zhao Tianming had already had his limbs cut off by Yan Chixia, and moved on the ground like a maggot, begging for mercy in horror, "No, please don't kill me~"

Yan Chixia approached with the blood-dropping magic weapon Xuanyuan sword expressionless, and said in a frosty voice, "Why can't I kill you? Could it be that your life is your life, and the life of a mortal is not your life? Those who were eaten by you Did the lost innocent beg you before dying, and how did you treat him?"

Knowing that he couldn't escape, Zhao Tianming simply smashed the jar and roared with all his strength, "Go to your mother's eagle dog, you can kill me if you have the ability!! This old man has agreed with the Emperor of the State Teacher that on August 10 this year Wuhui personally presided over the Mid-Autumn Festival celebration, if you kill me, let’s see if the national teacher will let you go, and see if the emperor will let you go!”

"Have you finished your last words?"

Just as he was erupting, Zhao Tianming suddenly felt bad, and before he could change his mouth, a cold light flashed in his field of vision, and the next words of begging for mercy were stuck in his throat.

With a click, his body and head were separated immediately.

"Hey, the world is in decline, the people are in dire straits, and even dirty demons and ghosts can be sheltered by the court. What kind of nonsense is this?"

Yan Chixia, who lost Zhao Tianming in one blow, suddenly felt disheartened for no reason, as if the belief she had worked so hard to protect was showing signs of collapsing.

However, he was always an outstanding person in the world, and this little wording was still not enough to break his Dao heart, and he pressed the anomaly back to the bottom of his heart in an instant.

Looking at the fragmented remains of Zhao Tianming, and at the stove beside the stove, Yan Chixia let out a smirk, then picked up a severed arm, violently lifted the iron pot, and put the severed limb on the stove. Grill.

You have to be trustworthy in the rivers and lakes, and you must not break your promise if you say you want to eat it.

Soon, a rich and fragrant smell of meat filled the dilapidated room.

Li Chunyi, who was protecting the Fa, and Yuan Yutang, who was healing his wounds, were disturbed.

Yan Chixia was also unambiguous, grabbed the half-baked meat and stuffed it into her mouth, saying vaguely, "Well, it tastes good, and it really is the most edible alien species recorded in the "Da Huang Jing", there are still on the ground, I want to bake it myself."

Yuan Yutang and Li Chun looked at each other, secretly swallowed their saliva, and soon they were scrambling to grab the remnant of Liaoyang (Zhao Gongming).

So far, a unique barbecue meeting has started.

The only pity is that there is no wine to accompany it.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 19: In the Jianghu, you have to be trustworthy to read for free.




		