

Since ancient times, there have been many folk legends about fox girls. The fox girls in the stories are all infatuated, loyal, cute and kind, as if they are the templates of good wives that men dream of. Stay away.

There is no other reason, it is nothing more than a non-my race, and its heart must be different.

There is a fox in Qingqiu, and the fox dies in Shouqiu.

When it comes to the distribution of monster clans in the world of Liaozhai, the Qingqiu Kingdom, where the fox clan is the most respected, is a powerful force that cannot be ignored.

Legend has it that the Nine-Tailed Sky Fox, a divine beast that swallows the sky and eclipses the moon, is the head of the Qingqiu Kingdom.

Generally speaking, the Fox Clan in Qingqiu Kingdom seldom walk in the mortal world, and maintain a tacit understanding with the Human Clan.

However, when the Qingqiu Fox Clan appears in the world, it often indicates that the world will undergo drastic changes.


Yuan Yutang stared at the unbelievably handsome young man in front of him expectantly, and the information about the Qingqiu Fox Clan in the "Secret Book of the Master" naturally appeared in his mind.

This self-proclaimed superiority of the Qingqiu Fox Clan never puts weak mortals in their eyes, life and death are all based on personal preference.

The tortured Zhou Yuanji is the best evidence.

He didn't know how far that guy would go to take Lan Xi away.

And Lanxi's identity...

That's all.

For the sake of Lan Xi's willingness to kidnap the mansion in order to save herself, since she is unwilling to go with the young man in Tsing Yi, he must protect Lan Xi no matter what.

The young man in Tsing Yi glanced at Yuan Yutang with implied disdain, and said with a contemptuous smile, "How can a little warlock, who is just a monk, have the confidence to challenge me? Could it be that he was sleepy?"

Yuan Yutang seized the time to adjust his state, and at the same time retorted, "I am poor and white, but I am full of courage. As for where my confidence comes from, I will know after I try it."

"Hahaha~"

The young man in Tsing Yi seemed amused, and laughed loudly, "Among the mortals I've met, you are the funniest one."

"Forget it, since you don't know good and bad, let me show mercy and send you to reincarnation!"

As he said that, one of the tails of the spirit fox dharma figure with a tall city wall suddenly burst into a blue light, and it blasted towards Yuan Yutang at top speed.

It is the supernatural power 'Charm Purgatory' that imprisoned Ye Diaolang Qian Duobao!

Qingguang's speed was so fast that Yuan Yutang couldn't react at all.

In an instant, he was completely enveloped by the blue light, and the blue light was very precise and only aimed at Yuan Yutang, gently bouncing Lan Xi who was hiding behind him.

"The words are quite sharp, but the strength is not worth mentioning."

The young man in Tsing Yi clapped his hands, mocked disdainfully, and then turned his head to the astonished Lan Xi and said softly, "Your Highness, don't be self-willed anymore, go back with your subordinates, otherwise the old ancestor will blame you, and everyone will have a hard time."

Lan Xi desperately shook her head, unwilling to go with the young man in Tsing Yi to the death.

Seeing this, the young boy shook his head helplessly, and wanted to forcefully take away his wayward little princess.

"Give me back your claws!"

Suddenly, a low and angry shout suddenly sounded.

The young man in Tsing Yi turned his head sharply, and was surprised to find a figure walking out of the blue light of 'Charming Purgatory'.

It was Yuan Yutang who was bursting with anger.

This, how is this possible?

Even Qian Duobao, who is in the realm of real people, is still trapped in the "Charming Purgatory", how did a little warlock in the realm of monks break through?

Yuan Yutang was calm on the surface, but inside he called it a fluke.

As the saying goes, the fox family is good at charm.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

He had just fallen into the 'charming purgatory', which was completely different from the Senluo hell he had imagined.

Inside is actually a place of blissful and absurd obsession.

It is said that Wenrou Township is a tomb of heroes, not to mention mortals with weak minds, even Yuan Yutang, who has a firm mind, was in a trance for a moment, and almost couldn't help but sink into this world of bliss.

Fortunately, at the critical moment, the "unconfused" attribute given by the alien beast Henggongyu was automatically activated, and he regained his consciousness in an instant, and calmly walked out of this terrible "charming purgatory".

However, the young man in Tsing Yi didn't know all this, he only thought that Yuan Yutang was carrying a treasure, so he forcibly broke through his magical powers of charm, and he immediately paid more attention to Yuan Yutang.

"It's a good skill, you can actually break my charm, it deserves my attention. But good luck will not always favor you."

"Come and taste my second innate supernatural power—Dementor Miyu."

As soon as the young man in Tsing Yi finished speaking, Linghu Dharma released a blu-ray masterpiece, and the obscene voice that made people blush instantly filled every inch of space.

Its sound is melodious, disturbing people's mind, and it stimulates the blood. If a magician who is not deep in Taoism suddenly hears this sound, not only will his heart be broken, but his heart may burst alive due to the surging blood. It has to be said that this is an impossible defense The strange and supernatural powers.

Originally, the young man in Tsing Yi was full of confidence and was waiting to see Yuan Yutang die of heartbreak.

Unexpectedly, what happened in the next scene directly stunned his eyeballs.

Yuan Yutang was slightly taken aback at first, but immediately acted as if nothing had happened, his face was not red and his heart was beating, as if the ubiquitous obscene voice seemed to be nothing.

Unfortunately, 'Dementor Mi Yu' is also a charm illusion, which is completely restrained by the 'Unconfused' attribute.

"Hehe, that's it?"

Yuan Yutang's rude words directly put the young man in Tsing Yi off guard.

"Wow, you arrogant brat, how dare you look down on me, the Qingqiu Fox Clan!"

"Let's look at my third innate supernatural power - the forest of swords and the rain of swords!"

The young man in Tsing Yi was furious, and the spirit fox looked up to the sky and screamed, the last long tail turned into a white light and flew straight into the sky, exploding countless light spots suddenly.

Half of the light spots sank into the ground very quickly, and immediately after that, dense forests of blades grew out of thin air on the blue brick floor of the tower, and half of the light spots in the air turned into sharp long swords like raindrops, and quickly fell down like rain.

An astonishing brilliance flashed across Yuan Yutang's eyes. Facing the forest of swords and swords attacking from top to bottom, he activated his mana, and endless wind and rain fell instantly, and then suddenly shrank into a giant egg, tightly protecting it.

'Silent Rune Armor'!

Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang!

The violent blows that burst eardrums suddenly sounded, and a duel between spears and shields was staged in the tower.

Experts will know if there is one as soon as they make a move.

Yuan Yutang's 'Silent Talisman Armor', which evolved from the supernatural power of summoning wind and rain, defended impeccably, perfectly resisting the fierce attack of sword forest and sword rain.

At least until his magic power is exhausted, there is no danger of his life.

The young man in Tsing Yi couldn't help but look extremely ugly.

The three great supernatural powers have been released, but he still can't win a little warlock who is a monk. If he is found out by other clansmen, wouldn't he laugh at him?

In view of this, he decided to deal with this farce as soon as possible.

"Hmph, I don't know what it means! The sword and the sword are united, the spirit fox breaks the sky, kill!"

In an instant, the endless rain of swords and swords, which were continuously onslaught like a tide, instantly merged into the spirit fox's dharma.

The aura of the spirit fox was so powerful that it slapped the 'Silent Rune Armor' like a giant egg with a terrifying momentum that would tear the sky and the ground.

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang had no time to escape from the giant egg, and the ferocious giant

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The claws will kill.

Boom~

With such a violent blow, the whole city seemed to tremble three times, the city walls collapsed, and even the tightly closed city gates creaked loose and fell down.

The people in the city were already in fear, and if they were frightened again, they would be overwhelmed in an instant. They rushed out of the houses in a mess, and swarmed towards the city gate with confidence.

As expected of the Qingqiu Linghu, the supernatural powers of his life are truly shocking.

As the falling rocks splashed, the young man in Tsing Yi panted slightly. The power of this 'Linghu Potian' style was terrifying, but the consumption was also huge, even with his powerful demon fox body, it was too much for him.

Worried about Lanxi being accidentally injured, the young boy hurried to check the situation.

Just when he took a step, he suddenly felt a blur in front of him.

A dark shadow blocked his way like a ghost.

Before he could see it clearly, a fist quickly magnified in his field of vision.

bump!

The young man in Tsing Yi tilted his head in disbelief, his whole body was thrown out like a rag bag, his expression froze on his face, and his pupils were full of disbelief.

Because the person who attacked him was actually Yuan Yutang who was supposed to be smashed to pieces?

He punched the young man in Tsing Yi flying, and Yuan Yutang was about to pursue him, when suddenly there was a sharp pain like tearing in his body, his knees suddenly became weak, and he couldn't help but knelt down on one knee.

Regardless of the injury and forcibly attacking, it is bound to reap the consequences.

Yuan Yutang just used the magical Golden Cicada Shelling Talisman to escape the killing blow of the young man in Tsing Yi. The punch full of hatred probably didn't have much effect. In his current state, he has no capital to contend with the fox monster.

If you don't want to die here, there is only one way to go!

Yuan Yutang endured the pain and rushed to the tearful Lan Xi, picked her up, jumped off the collapsed tower, and shouted sharply, "Chitu!"

As soon as the words fell, a crimson lightning bolt rushed towards the distance, accurately catching the falling Yuan Yutang and the other two.

"Hurry up, Chitu, run!" Yuan Yutang's face turned pale, with blood oozing from his mouth and nose, and he desperately urged Chitu.

"The law of the law~"

Sensing the master's anxious mood, the Chitu neighed suddenly, and instantly started to run towards the collapsed city gate.

"Where to run!"

After running not far, the young man in Tsing Yi roared extremely angrily in the billowing dust.

Yuan Yutang shrank his neck in fright, and hurriedly grabbed the little thunder badger 'Pingtou brother' who had been sleeping soundly in Lan Xi's arms and shook him desperately.

"Wake up quickly, get up and save your life, don't sleep!"

Somehow, no matter how he shouted, 'Brother Pingtou' seemed completely unconscious, still sleeping soundly, and finally Yuan Yutang had no choice but to give up.

The red rabbit has eaten the meat of the alien beasts Henggongyu and Luxingyu one after another, and has already been reborn, and runs with all its strength, the speed is as fast as an arrow.

In an instant, he passed through the densely packed people fleeing in panic, and rushed towards the mountains with all his might.

boom~

There was a huge earthquake on the ground, Yuan Yutang turned his head subconsciously, and couldn't help being surprised.

I saw a huge green-haired fox with two feet high, three feet long, and three tails jumping down from the city wall, galloping and chasing after him.

This is not an illusory appearance, but a real creature.

The young man in Tsing Yi exposed his real body, obviously wanting to desperately rhythm.

Yuan Yutang lost his soul, hurriedly lowered his body and hugged Chitu's neck tightly, and slammed his legs on the horse's belly.

Now he can only count on Chitu.

In case of being caught up by the furious giant green-haired fox, a hundred lives might not be enough to die.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		