

Venerable Lin Haoran, one of the four queer monks of the Red Lotus Sect, has been in a depressed mood for the past six months.

A few months ago, Lin Er, the only child of blood, was plotted against by someone, and ended up in a miserable end.

This made the inhumane Lin Haoran feel so much pain that he would not want to live, and felt that he would have no face to face his ancestors after death.

He planned to do everything he could to avenge his son, but he never thought that the revenge had not yet begun. The high priest who hadn't shown up for a long time suddenly issued an oracle, asking him to perform a secret mission.

The oracle of the great wine sacrifice is the highest code of the Red Lotus Sect, and no one can violate it. In desperation, Lin Haoran could only endure the pain of losing his son to carry out the task.

When he returned from completing the task after all the hardships, he was assigned another more difficult task before he could catch his breath.

This time he was actually asked to sneak into Qingtian Peak's Prisoner's Cave to rescue an elder of the Ben religion who had been trapped for many years.

There is no way, the hierarchy in the Red Lotus Sect is strict, and the superiors have absolute rights to life and death against the subordinates, and he has no room to refuse.

So knowing that this trip is close to death, I can only bite the bullet and go on.

Fortunately, the Dajijiu appointed a strange person who is proficient in wind and water surveys and good at digging ground to help him, so the odds of winning are slightly higher.

Even so, Lin Haoran still had no idea.

After all, the Devil Prisoner's Nest is famous for its viciousness, not to mention that he is only a peak real person, even if he is lucky enough to break through the gate of hell and advance to the initial stage of human immortality, it is estimated that there will be more or less bad luck.

Don't you see how many great monsters have been beaten into it for thousands of years, and they can only end up in a miserable end of being wiped out in the end.

Since Qingtian Peak established the faction, there has never been a record of demons escaping from the Prisoner's Cave.

not even one!

Lin Haoran let out a breath of turbid air slowly, and forced himself to suppress the irritability in his heart. At this time, he saw that 'Dig Butong' hadn't moved a few steps for a long time, and he couldn't help being furious. He went up and kicked him, kicked him like a dog, and scolded him severely. Said, "Okay, you bastard, do you think you're here for vacation? You're taking it slow, do you want us to be happy when we are discovered by those sword lunatics in Qingtian Peak?"

'I can't dig it' got up with drooping eyebrows, dared to be angry but didn't dare to speak, and hurriedly led the way with his buttocks in between.

Yuan Yutang took advantage of the complicated surroundings to keep a reasonable distance from Lin Haoran and the others to follow, secretly surprised behind him.

It stands to reason that 'Dug Bu Tong' possesses great skills and strength, and he should be treated as a guest of honor wherever he should go, but this person seems to be born with no backbone, and he likes to be arrogant and flattering, it seems that the more he is harsh on him , the more faithful he is, which is really strange.

There is not a single good person in the Red Lotus Sect, so it must be a big plan to secretly dig a tunnel from the outside world and sneak into the Prisoner's Cave.

In line with the principle that destroying the enemy's conspiracy is quite a good deed, Yuan Yutang has to take care of whatever he says.

It has to be said that "digging can't be done" is still difficult. He is very skilled in the art of geomantic omen reconnaissance, and he can actually find a specific target in the vast jungle, and avoid those terrifying beasts along the way.

This profound attainment alone is enough to establish a sect, but it is a pity that he has a soft bone, so he likes to be a lackey for others to drive.

Lin Haoran and his group of six came to a ridiculously tall giant fern plant, and saw countless blue vines with strange red light hanging from the lush broad leaves like sailboats, and hundreds of them were faintly visible between the branches and leaves. A tightly wrapped cocoon.

Pointing to one of the cocoons, 'Unable to Dig' said happily, "Report to Your Honor, according to the feedback from the blood spirit technique, this cocoon must be Elder Bag."

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

With a cold face, Lin Haoran stepped forward without saying a word, and slapped him across the face, slapping the 'unable to dig' in a circle, and then cursed, "You know it's Elder Budai, so hurry up and cast a spell to save him, wait for the New Year's Eve ?"

'Unable to dig' was stunned, and it took a while to come back to his senses, and he answered yes in a dull manner, and then began to arrange the tools for casting spells, simply raised the altar and chanted mantras, and he was busy for a long time.

All of a sudden, the wretched little triangular eyes of 'Dig Bu Tong' revealed a gleam of light, pinched the magic bullet with his hands, and said in a deep voice, "Hurry up like a law, open!"

As soon as the words fell, the tightly wrapped huge cocoon was like a flower in full bloom, and the thick vines like pythons were slowly loosened, and an old monk with disheveled hair and ragged clothes landed safely.

"I've met Elder Budai!"

As unruly as Lin Haoran, he had to salute respectfully when he saw the old monk.

'Du Butong' and the four capable and silent Red Lotus followers also followed closely to salute.

Yuan Yutang, who was hiding in the dark, almost popped his eyes.

Isn't that the ogre monk who almost got into a fight with him just now?

Unexpectedly, in such a small world, the cannibal monk is also a member of the Red Lotus Sect. It is really a fate.

The cannibal demon monk seems to be a mentally ill person. After being detained by the vines, he regained his kindness and kindness. He was not surprised when he saw Lin Haoran and others coming. Remembering the poor monk, the living dead, I really have a heart... The poor monk Budai has seen all the benefactors."

It never occurred to the six of Lin Haoran, who were originally respectful, to retreat ten steps away as if they had seen a ghost when they heard the ogre monk say the word "benefactor".

It should be said that this man-eating monk Budai monk was the all-powerful generation of demon masters twenty years ago.

He was originally an ascetic monk from the Western Regions who came to the Middle Earth to study Buddhism. He has profound Buddhism and noble conduct. Unexpectedly, he was caught by a shopkeeper in a rural restaurant, and he ate meat by mistake. An ogre monk who frightens the world.

All the prey he was eyeing back then were called benefactors, and what he asked for was his own flesh and blood. He liked to eat living people when he worshiped Buddha and recited scriptures. He especially liked children under ten years old to eat their internal organs and read Reciting the Skinning Sutra, the Buddha faces the beast with the heart, the cruelty is no longer a human, but an animal.

It's a pity that the vicious man-eating demon monk who traversed nine paths and seventy-two states could not escape the Skynet Huihui. He was chased and killed by the contemporary sword head of Qingtian Peak, who is known as the number one sword in the world. Being in the company of ferocious beasts inside the prisoner's cave, you will never be able to stand up again.

That's why Lin Haoran overreacted when they heard the word benefactor.

"Amitabha, benefactors, don't panic. The poor monk has not tasted blood for twenty years. He has suppressed the evil thoughts in his heart, so there is no need to worry." Bu Dai monk, a human-eating monk, explained solemnly.

Yuan Yutang, who was in the dark, immediately snorted when he heard these words, as if he wasn't the one who showed his vicious face just now, as expected, he couldn't believe even half a word said by people in the devil's way.

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang saw through Budai Monk's lies, but Lin Haoran and the others, who had just arrived, didn't know it at all.

"My lord, the reason why the Prisoner's Cave has no access is not due to geography. The key lies in this ancient magic fern. Once it is locked in its life, even if it escapes to the ends of the earth, it will be detained in an instant." Pointing to the extremely tall giant fern, he explained, "There is nothing in the world that can lock the soul of the magic fern, so the only way to save Elder Budai on this trip is to temporarily block the magic fern."

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The lock of the fern, as long as you go outside, you can use the method of changing shape and changing the shadow, and replace the soul of the fern lock with a scapegoat. "

Lin Haoran nodded slightly, and said calmly, "So let's proceed according to the plan. Come here, first serve Elder Budai to eat Juyuan Pill, and then proceed with the funeral."

As he said that, two members of the Red Lotus Cult respectfully stepped forward, one took out a water bag, and the other took out a small brocade box from his bosom to take medicine, ready to curry favor with this returning upstart.

Suddenly, a sudden change occurred.

Budai monk, who was still amiable just a second ago, suddenly turned into an evil spirit, grabbing a Red Lotus cultist with one hand, and gnawed with his mouth open.

"Ah~"

"Woo~"

In the blink of an eye, the throats of the two unsuspecting Red Lotus believers were bitten, and blood gushed out like a fountain.

"Hahaha~"

Monk Budai's beard and hair were stained with blood, he laughed maniacally and tore the limbs of the two hapless ghosts, grabbed the fresh flesh and ate it in his mouth, the scene was bloody like hell.

Lin Haoran gasped suddenly, and backed away in horror.

He also didn't expect Budai monk to suddenly become so mad that he wouldn't spare even his own people.

In less than a moment, the two sturdy Red Lotus believers were eaten up, not even leaving any bones.

"Uh~"

The blood-stained Monk Budai burped contentedly, picked his teeth with satisfaction and said, "I'm so hungry, I can finally have a full meal."

As he spoke, he picked up the brocade box dripping blood from the blood, opened it, threw the pill inside into his mouth, swallowed it with bloody saliva, and then shouted at the stunned Lin Haoran and the others in a vicious voice, " What are you doing in a daze? Hurry up and save the Sajia, or the Sajia will get angry and eat you too!"

Lin Haoran and the others shuddered immediately when they heard the words. They were extremely afraid of the moody Budai monk from the bottom of their hearts, and they didn't dare to hesitate for a moment, and they were ready to cast spells to rescue Budai monk immediately.

All of a sudden, a black shadow flew over from a distance like a ghost, aiming at the 'Unable to Dig'.

'Unable to dig' felt a blur in front of his eyes, and before he had time to resist, the black shadow disappeared in place.

The next moment a black shadow appeared behind him, and then he felt a sharp pain in his chest, looked down in astonishment, and saw a dead branch passing through his left chest and not coming out from his back.

"Pfft~" 'Dig Bu Tong''s eyes widened to the limit, his face was full of disbelief, and then his figure flickered, and he fell back straight like a toppled log.

This sudden scene was so unexpected that even Budai Monk hadn't reacted, and was solved by the black shadow 'unable to dig'.

"Shuzi, presumptuous!"

After a few breaths of silence, Monk Budai was furious in vain, and angrily slammed his palm at the shadow.

It's a pity that Soi Ying is well versed in the art of assassins, he immediately shifted his position with one strike, and narrowly avoided the palm force in the air.

Lin Haoran looked at the 'Unable to Dig' who was still twitching and vomiting blood on the ground, his face became extremely ugly.

The secret technique to temporarily get rid of the soul lock of the magic fern can only be mastered by "Dig Butong". If he dies at this time, doesn't it mean that the plan has failed?

Thinking of this, he couldn't help staring at the black shadow that had just landed like fire, and he wanted to see who the hell dared to destroy the important event of the Red Lotus Sect.

With just one glance, his boiling anger suddenly reached its peak, and he screamed angrily:

"Yuan Yutang, it's you!!!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		