

"I'm sorry, I can't release people until I'm sure it's safe."

As soon as this remark came out, Bai Shanhe and the others were immediately blown away.

"Zhuzi, dare to speak without faith, aren't you afraid of being punished by heaven?"

Bai Shanhe roared awe-inspiringly.

Yuan Yutang smiled embarrassingly, looking like a dead pig who is not afraid of boiling water, "Don't think that I don't know what your plan is, as soon as I finish my vows, I rush to get the guardian bone, do you think I forgot you are still here?" Something that didn’t swear? Ever since you handed over the guardian bone so easily, I knew that your murderous intentions were unabated. Under such circumstances, I would still let him go? Don’t dream, even if I were to die, I would hold this little girl The girl will be buried with her!"

Bai Shanhe was so angry, but he was helpless.

It is true that as Yuan Yutang said, he never thought of letting Yuan Yutang go, the reason why he handed over the guardian bone so happily was that the guardian bone must be in his pocket in the end, and gave it to Yuan Yutang. It's a wishful thinking that there's no harm in playing around for a while.

Unexpectedly, the thief was so shrewd that he saw through his scheme in a flash.

This is a troublesome time, if Yuan Yutang refuses to let him go even if he breaks his oath and is punished by heaven, Bai Ling'er will probably be implicated.

If something happens to Bai Linger...

The consequences were really unimaginable.

Enduring the humiliation, Bai Shanhe panted with red eyes, "You are cruel, this Bai Shanhe swears to the sky, if Yuan Yutang dares to hurt him with his own hands after releasing him as promised, he will be bombarded by five thunders, and his soul will be scattered!"

"Are you satisfied now?"

Yuan Yutang nodded in satisfaction.

Do you really think that he is so stupefied that he doesn't understand anything?

If you want to cheat him, go ahead and dream!

Yuan Yutang, who likes to see those pretentious guys deflated and satisfying their bad tastes, smiled maliciously, abruptly pushed the stunned Bai Ling'er towards Baishanhe, and then seized the opportunity, vertically golden light plus wind and rain steps , fled to the top of the pit as fast as one's life.

Fearing that Yuan Yutang would do something to Bai Ling'er, Bai Shanhe didn't care about chasing Yuan Yutang, and cared about Bai Ling'er's situation first.

"Ling'er, are you okay, don't scare me as a teacher~"

Bai Ling'er was as sluggish as a puppet, as if she had lost her soul, and the corners of Bai Shanhe's mouth were almost bubbling with anxiety.

Suddenly, Bai Ling'er, who was tightly hugged by Bai Shanhe, shriveled like a deflated ball, and finally turned into a blue talisman. Error-free update@

"Thousand Gate's Misplacement Talisman?"

Bai Shanhe's eyes were red, and his teeth were about to be crushed while clutching the blue talisman called Yihuajiemu Talisman, and he roared violently to the sky.

"Yuan-yu-tang! This seat is incompatible with you!!!"

At this time, Yuan Yutang had successfully climbed to the ground, and when he heard Bai Shanhe's incompetent and furious roar from the bottom of the pit, he immediately giggled.

As soon as he raised his hand to the void in front of him, Bai Ling'er's terrified figure appeared in the empty void.

Yuan Yutang took back the cyan talisman in his hand, and said to himself triumphantly, "The talisman of Qianmen is really easy to use, whether it's the talisman for moving flowers and wood or this ghost-covering talisman, the effect is great! I thought I offended the young master. Can it be easily uncovered? Do your spring and autumn dream and wait for the vast sea of ​​people to find someone!"

He said it harshly, but Yuan Yutang's movements were not slow at all, he picked up the immobile Bai Ling'er and ran away.

After running for nearly twenty miles in one breath, Yuan Yutang was willing to stop and rest.

Can't wait to take out the extremely precious guardian bone and prepare to play with it, but just as he took out the guardian bone, Yuan Yutang screamed like an electric shock, and his palm felt a tingling pain.

"Here, what's going on here?"

Yuan Yutang watched in horror as a strange rune appeared out of thin air in his left palm. The rune seemed to be branded into the flesh and blood. It was bright red and exuded a vicious and evil aura.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang knew that he had fallen into Bai Shanhe's schemes due to his carelessness.

Unexpectedly, that guy seemed arrogant, but his mind was so vicious and delicate, he actually thought of playing tricks on the guardian bone.

That rune is clearly a vicious curse. Although I don't know what the specific effect is, it is absolutely impossible to be a good thing.

This is troublesome.

Yuan Yutang frowned, and the pain in the palm of his hand made him feel confused.

Place.

It is said that there is a specialization in the so-called art industry, and he is very good at fighting talismans, but when it comes to curses, he will be blind.

Inadvertently, he noticed that Bai Ling'er's eyes were full of schadenfreude mockery, and after thinking for a while, he released the restraint on Bai Ling'er's head.

"Ha~"

As soon as the confinement was released, Bai Ling'er let out a long breath, and bursts of sharp ridicule came out of Cherry's little mouth.

"Hahaha, despicable and shameless villain, you still have today~hahaha, do you think that our Ling Xiao Pavilion's body repairers are all lunatics who only know how to refine the body? Do you think that we don't know anything other than the pursuit of human body secrets? Spells? You are dead, you will die this time!!"

Yuan Yutang's face was gloomy, and he said with anger, "Have you forgotten your situation? Now I'm Daozu and you are fish. What gave you the courage to talk to me like this?"

Bai Ling'er yelled madly, "If you have the ability, kill me! If I die, I guarantee that anyone related to you in the world will be in trouble! Kill, kill me~ "

Yuan Yutang was so angry that he slapped him with his backhand.

Do you really regard yourself as a gentleman and a saint?

With the soul of the earth, he has never been used to bad things, especially this kind of puxin girl!

Bai Ling'er tilted her head, her face was dull, and the noisy mocking sound also stopped.

After a while, five clear finger prints appeared on her pink and white cheeks, and she seemed to come back to her senses, crying and shouting hysterically, "Wuuu, you dare to hit me? I grew up Most people dare not beat me, I will kill you, your whole family, your relatives and friends, and anyone related to you in the world..."

Snapped!

Another loud slap interrupted Bai Ling'er's cursing.

Yuan Yutang's face was expressionless, his hands were flying like flying, back and forth, left and right, each freshly released post with big ears made the pampered Bai Ling'er understand what is meant by suffering in the world and what is meant by the real world.

He didn't want to stop until Bai Ling'er's face was swollen like a pig's head.

After thinking for a while, he rewarded another big-ear post with his backhand, which directly stunned Bai Ling'er who had already shut up.

After a long time, Bai Ling'er whimpered pitifully, "I, I shut up, why are you hitting me~ woo woo~"

Yuan Yutang smiled embarrassedly, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it's easy to slap you, it feels so good to slap you, hahaha~"

When Bai Ling'er heard this, she almost fainted out of breath.

What does it mean to slap a slap because it feels too good to slap?

Is this what people can say?

Bai Ling'er was so frightened that she didn't dare to cry, she could only slander in her heart.

Seeing that Bai Ling'er was finally being honest, Yuan Yutang raised his blood-oozing left palm and asked seriously, "Do you know this thing?"

The greenhouse Xiaohua who has never been beaten by the society has been completely terrified. Hearing this, she nodded timidly and said, "I know, I know..."

"Is this rune a curse? What does it do?" Yuan Yutang stared at Bai Ling'er's eyes without blinking, and raised his right hand slightly to strike.

Bai Ling'er shrank her neck in fright, and said vaguely with flickering eyes, "Yes, it's a curse... This curse comes from an ancient curse of the barbarians in the southern swamp, which my master learned by accident. It's called the Night Walking Curse of Hundred Ghosts. It is said that anyone who is cursed will be haunted by a hundred ghosts and will never have peace..."

Yuan Yutang's face completely darkened.

I knew it would be difficult, but I didn't expect it to be this difficult. @*~~

This is not a curse, it is clearly a reminder.

According to Bai Ling'er's explanation, this thing is like a buff possessed, forcibly turning him into a firefly in the darkness, and has a fatal attraction to all ghosts in the world.

Ordinary wandering souls and ghosts are fine, but if there are more than resentful souls, then things will be a big deal.

Thinking of Bai Shanhe's success in schemes, Yuan Yutang was so angry that his teeth itch.

The more he thought about it, the more angry he became, Yuan Yutang decided to take his anger out on Bai Ling'er.

Under the big-ear post, all living beings are equal, and Bai Ling'er was so drawn that she cried like a ghost.

It's strange to say that the girl had been arrogant before, but she didn't expect that after a big meal, she would not only be honest, but also the arrogance under her nose would be gone, and she would appear as a whole.

With a low eyebrow and pleasing eyes, she is a hundred times more docile than the legendary Silla maidservant who is always obedient and obedient, which is really strange.

Yuan Yutang didn't bother to worry about this, felt that it was time to rest, so he sealed Bai Ling'er up again, picked it up and ran away.

The distance of more than 20 miles is still not safe enough, you have to stay away from the angry beast in Baishanhe.

And I don't know when the Hundred Ghosts Night Walking Curse will strike, so I have to find a way to get rid of the curse as soon as possible, otherwise I won't be able to expect peace in my life.


After dawn, at the southeast entrance of the Jinlan Mountains, the murderous Bai Shanhe and his disciples stopped in front of a ruined forest.

"Master, the traces of the battle are still very fresh. It should have happened not long ago. There are still a few strands of undissolved ghost energy left in the void. It should be that the Night Walking Curse of Hundred Ghosts has come into play."

Yu Liyan, the fifth eldest among the seven disciples, was steady by nature and careful, and reported to Bai Shanhe who was on the verge of breaking out after careful consideration of the clues. @·No fault first launch~~

Bai Shanhe nodded with a gloomy expression, and said in a hateful voice, "Do you think I'm so easy to take advantage of? The wicked thief thinks that he has succeeded in his daughter-in-law scheme, but he doesn't know that he has already fallen into my scheme and planted the night-walking curse of hundreds of ghosts." , You have to shed your skin if you don't die!"

"Let's go, there are hundreds of miles of mountains and countless evil spirits. Only the waterway of Tongzhou City can leave as soon as possible. Let's go to Zhoucheng and wait for the rabbit!"

All the disciples stood awe-inspiring and hurriedly set off! .


		