

After dawn, Yuan Yutang and his party of more than a dozen people were all brought back to Qingtian Peak by the team led by Tan Taile himself.

For the appearance of Tantai Le, Yuan Yutang didn't find it abrupt.

Although Yuezhou City is nearly three hundred miles away from Qingtian Peak, as the influence of Qingtian Peak, no matter how clean the hands and feet of Lord Shanze are, there will always be clues to be noticed.

In comparison, he cared more about the warning left by Naimertai.

Maharaja Shanze actually came for Qingtian Peak, so what is the purpose behind it?

It can't be that you are tired of life and want to get rid of it, right?

You must know that the contemporary sword head is a real earth immortal sword cultivator, and belongs to the most powerful fighting power in the world.

If he didn't have enough bargaining chips, even if he was killed, he wouldn't believe that Lord Shanze would dare to break the ground when he was too old.

However, there are too few clues, and the realm is too low, this level of game is not something he can get involved in now.

So after he couldn't figure it out, he simply stopped thinking about it.

Before the support arrived, he turned back to Zhou An and mixed in with the comatose people to wait for rescue, and passed the level easily.

Back in the core area, Shen Tujie came to visit the Discipline Hall in person. Tantai Le cared about his beloved disciple and guarded Baili Yinghua's side every step of the way. He didn't even have time to take care of the "good apprentice" Zhou An.

After Shen Tujie comforted Yuan Yutang a few words, he didn't stay any longer.

In the middle of the night, Yuan Yutang sneaked up, checked again and again that no one would notice, and then secretly took out a strange musical instrument similar to a xun, and played it quietly. @

I don't know if it's broken. He preached for a long time, but he didn't make any sound.

But he was not annoyed at all, and played the silent melody unhurriedly.

After a while, his expression changed, and he heard a slight rustling sound in his ears.

Immediately afterwards, ants emerged from the roof beams, under the crack of the door, and beside the window sill, and quickly gathered on the table in front of him. There were tens of thousands of them, almost covering the table.

If such a shocking picture is seen by a patient with intensive phobia, he must lose half his life.

Yuan Yutang was all smiles, like an old farmer who had worked hard all summer and was about to usher in the autumn harvest.

Without warning, he reached out his hand and inserted it into the ant pile, allowing the ants to eat his flesh and blood wantonly.

The flesh and blood were eaten away, and his cheeks were twitching in pain, but he gritted his teeth and refused to pull back his hand.

It wasn't until a stick of incense passed that the satiated ants finally left contentedly, and his whole hand was bloody.

After a few random bandages, Yuan Yutang hurriedly sat down cross-legged, closed his eyes and meditated.

The reason why he would do something close to masochistic, naturally has a purpose.

I don't know if you still remember, but after the battle of Fulong Mountain, he used his supernatural powers to find out "Miscellaneous Secret Techniques" on the bodyguard Fatty who died in the battle of Concubine Zhou Luo.

This technique is the eight sects' encyclopedia of spells in the marketplace, and it records many housekeeping secrets of the nine sects in the underworld.

Among them is an extremely practical thaumaturgy - ant bite.

As we all know, ants are the most numerous creatures in the world, none of them, and they are infinitely powerful, good at digging, and ubiquitous. They are simply natural scouts.

In view of this, some masters of robbers have thought hard to develop ants for their own use.

After several generations of hard work, a very practical thaumaturgy Ant Eater has finally been developed!

Ant-eating technique, as the name suggests, is to feed ants with flesh and blood, and let them act according to their own wishes. It can be used for various purposes such as surveillance, infiltration, and destruction.

Although this technique is practical, it is dangerous, because a single ant is dull in intelligence and needs a lot of feeding to do whatever it wants, and the more complicated the order, the more flesh and blood it needs to consume afterwards.

And a person's flesh and blood are limited, and if he is not careful, he may be eaten back by ants.

The core area of ​​Qingtian Peak is heavily guarded, and Yuan Yutang can't search freely like in the public area at the foot of the mountain, so the Ant Eater technique comes in handy.

He spent a lot of time using the Ant Devouring Technique to control the ants all over the core area, always checking the surrounding troubles.

The risk is directly proportional to the return, and after a long time of painstaking planning, it will finally reap the rewards tonight.

When the ants ate his flesh and blood just now, they also fed back the memories stored these days to him. .

As soon as he got lucky, he saw tens of thousands of "screens" playing the picture.

What he has to do is to read useful clues in these pictures.

It's just a pity that when he watched all the pictures, he found nothing.

But if you didn't find it, it doesn't mean you didn't gain anything.

According to the principle of elimination, when all the impossible is eliminated, what remains must be the truth.

Those ants almost monitored the core area, but the Treasure Pavilion could not set foot.

In this way, the possibility of Shen Tongzi being hidden in Zhenbao Pavilion is at least as high as 80%.

Now that the location of Shen Tongzi has been roughly determined, the next step is much easier. You just need to find a suitable infiltration method and escape route, and the rest will not be a problem.


At night, Fengling Pavilion, the residence of the sword head Shen Tujie.

Fengling Pavilion is a small farmhouse that looks ordinary on the outside, completely inconsistent with the height and weight of Jianshou.

Shen Tujie floated cross-legged in mid-air, exhaling the essence of the yin under the cold full moon.

A figure came from a distance.

It's Tantai Le.

Tan Taile looked worried and troubled.

"Tantai, why are you so unhappy?"

Shen Tujie, who had just stepped into the periphery of Fengling Pavilion, immediately came back to his senses after deep meditation, and asked a question with a chuckle.

"Jiantou, why do you ask why you know what you know?" Tantai Le stepped into the void step by step with a wry smile, like climbing a ladder to the sky, gradually ascending until she was on the same level as Shen Tujie. Error-free update@

"Tantai, mediocrity, inaction can keep the sword's heart pure."

Shen Tujie had a calm demeanor, like a good old man at a party, persuading him earnestly, "Tantai, you are too old, how can you be so impatient when things happen? If you can't get rid of distracted thoughts, I'm afraid you won't be able to walk the road of 'Samsara' big hurdle. "

"Yes yes yes, you are the head of the sword, you have the calmness in your heart to deal with things without being surprised, it's just me who is irritated!" Tantai Le said perfunctorily.

After a pause, the topic changed, "But you don't take it too seriously, don't you? You know..."

Talking subconsciously looking around, as if afraid of being overheard, Tantai Le lowered his voice and said solemnly, "... You know, maybe the master gave you an order back then, 'seventeen but eighteen, you can't live without care Head", this year is the 18th year of Taikang! Maybe the master has never miscalculated in his life, and your seventh catastrophe is approaching, I am worried..."

"...I'm worried that you will fail to cross the tribulation!"

Shen Tujie listened calmly, as if what Tantai Le said had nothing to do with him, his eyes didn't see any waves, and he smiled quietly, "My fate is up to me."

"you!"

Tantai Le choked when he heard the words, and said angrily, "Don't be so confident, you must know that many people know about this prophecy, didn't you see a big monster sneaking into Yuezhou inexplicably last night? You don't need to think about it, you know it must be a test Our reaction is to wait for you to snatch the aftertaste of your sword fetus after you fail the tribulation!

If it was normal, would a mere monster have the guts?

This is no longer about you alone, but about the life and death of Qingtian Peak as a whole! "

The more she talked, the more excited she became, and finally Tan Taile almost shouted, "Please take it easy, don't act like a normal person all day long!"

While tilting his head to avoid Tan Taile's spray attack, Shen Tujie said with a wry smile, "Calm down, calm down, we haven't reached that point yet, why are we here?"

Seeing that Shen Tujie still looked heartless, Tantai was so anxious that his heart was on fire. At this time, he didn't care about the distinction between superiors and inferiors, so he grabbed Shentujie's sleeve and yanked it down. He muttered loudly, "Baili hasn't grown up yet, Qingtian Peak can't live without you, hurry up and follow me, and eat Shen Tongzi!"

"Tantai, please calm down and listen to me first..." Shen Tujie persuaded with a wry smile, but it's a pity that once Tantai Leniu lost his temper, he simply ignored it.

Shen Tujie sighed in awe, and suddenly a gust of sword energy shook the two of them away with a gentle but domineering momentum.

Tantai Le stared blankly at the piece of sleeve she was holding in her hand, finally calmed down, and said anxiously, "Jiantou, I, I didn't do it on purpose just now..."

"I know, I know." Shen Tujie smiled lightly, "We've been friends for so many years, do I blame you for such a trivial matter?"


"I know that you are doing it for my own good, and for the sake of the sect. However, there are things that can't just be based on temporary gains and losses."

Shen Tujie crossed the sky with his hands behind his back, and the night wind blew his hair from his temples, his starry eyes were brighter than the stars in the sky.

"You have to understand, on the basis of the sword head, first of all, I am a sword repairer!"

"You have taught Yinghua since you were a child. As a swordsman, you should have the courage and responsibility to strike a sword without fear. Why is it different for me?"

"It is true that I still have a certain role for Qingtian Peak under the current situation, but it is not as important as you think."

"Even if I fail to cross the tribulation and am dismissed on the spot, there will still be someone who can shoulder the burden of the sect, either you, Yinghua, or other elders... well, there will always be someone."

"The world will not stagnate because of the absence of anyone, and there has never been anyone who is irreplaceable."

"So, Tantai, Yinghua has grown up, and talented people come out from generation to generation, why should you worry about this?"

Shen Tujie's eyes seemed to be shining, and a fearless aura burst out from him, almost stirring up the situation. _o_m

"Perhaps my chances of winning the tribulation have increased a lot after taking Shentongzi's blood essence, but if I do this, my sword heart will be dusted."

"You know, in my life, I have nothing but a sword. I don't want to see that kind of ending."

"So, please bear with me one more wayward way as you did when you were young, and bear with me one last time!"

Hearing the unshakable determination in Shentujie's words, Tantaile burst into tears unknowingly, and he seemed to have returned to the situation when he first started in a trance.

That high-spirited, proud, and fearless sword-wielding young man seemed to have never changed his sword heart. .


		