

The little servant who stayed behind nodded and bowed down, leading the strange and arrogant young master into the Tianxiang Pavilion.

I saw that the hall in the pavilion is extremely luxuriously decorated, with man-made fountains, crystal ceilings, and a unique stage. Along the way, passing by are all beautiful and moving, with laughter, silk and bamboo, which is a luxurious and extravagant scene. wind.

As soon as he entered, your young master's eyes shone brightly, and he couldn't help praising him, "What a wonderful place, it's worthy of being the chief red building with the best reputation, I came to the right place!"

As he spoke, he took out another gold leaf as a reward.

The servant was overjoyed, accepted the reward with a smile on his face, and introduced it earnestly, "Master, you can see that you are a seasoned veteran, but the villain wants to say that our Tianxiang Pavilion is different from other red buildings. The girls here are all heavenly." National color..."

"Noisy!" Your young master interrupted the boy's long speech in displeasure.

The little servant was stared into silence by his eyes, and he didn't dare to speak at once.

At the same time, I also put a label on your son in my heart:

Moody, rich and powerful, presumably from a noble family, not easy to serve.

"Aiya~ welcome, young master, to Tianxiang Pavilion, and the slave family will entertain young master next~"

At this time, a glamorous woman with a plump waist and a variety of styles came over to take over the hospitality work with a smile, and the careful servant who accompanied her was relieved, and after saluting, she couldn't wait to leave.

The glamorous woman naturally held the young master's arm, her plump body was almost attached to the young master's body, and she exhaled like blue and giggled in the young master's ear, "Young master, if you choose Tianxiang Pavilion, I promise not to let you down." It will disappoint you, and I will definitely do my best to make you linger~"

The nobleman raised his eyebrows, and he placed his big hand on the glamorous woman's August 15th very familiarly, kneading it violently, and said with a smirk, "Do all the tricks? How do you do all the tricks? Is that so?"

The glamorous woman's face was flushed, and her beautiful eyes were looking at her in secret. She threw herself into the arms of the noble young master as if defiantly welcoming her, and said coquettishly, "Young master is good or bad, teasing my family like this~ eat, eat, how can you look like a thin willow?" Those who can get into the eyes of the young master and make the young master happy are naturally the good daughters of the slave family~"

The aristocrat laughed profligately, "Hahaha, what are you waiting for? Why don't you bring your most beautiful sister up?"

"I'll arrange it now~"

The glamorous woman led the young master to the place with the best view under the stage in the hall, leaned over and whispered in his ear, "Hehe, I almost forgot to say that the young master just happened to come today, just in time for the wonderful event held once a month. Big drama~"

Your young master was stunned for a moment, and asked with an ambiguous smile, "Wonderful drama? How about a wonderful method? Tell me quickly."

The glamorous woman covered her mouth and smiled coquettishly, "Young master, don't be impatient, good things always come to the fore, and the most interesting thing is to wait until the answer is revealed~"

After saying that, he twisted his waist and swayed his hips, and walked away step by step.

The noble young master scolded the goblin with a smile, and not long after, two delicate and beautiful girls came to serve him.

Soon, a large group of well-dressed high-ranking guests came one after another, filling the hall.

Suddenly the lights dimmed suddenly, and then the blurred and charming ambiguous red light refracted from the crystal chandelier, both dreamy and blurred, as if it could arouse the most primitive desire in a man's heart.

A beauty fed the young master a sip of wine mouth to mouth, ignoring the mischievous hands in her arms, panting and panting, "Young master, the highlight of tonight will soon be, please join us later."

Your son immediately looked up to the center of the stage

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, and saw a beautiful figure coming out from the backstage gracefully and gracefully.

She is a stunning young girl of twenty-eight years old, her eyebrows are exquisite and picturesque, and her graceful body covered in tulle is extremely hot, but her temperament is as cold as ice.

If placed on the earth, this is a typical pure desire wind ceiling.

There was a series of air-conditioning sounds from under the dimly lit stands, and the young master was no exception. His two eyeballs were firmly stuck to the stunning girl's body, and his big mischievous hands couldn't help but increase their strength, causing the beauty in his arms to frown.

All of a sudden, there was a passionate drumbeat from the background, different from the usual graceful and lingering silk and bamboo orchestras, this kind of drumbeat seemed to be more able to ignite the fire in the man's heart.

Immediately afterwards, the glamorous and stunning girl on the stage finally moved, slowly twisting and dancing her body, every frown and frown touched the hearts of the audience. With the intensification of the drumbeat, the size of the girl's dance gradually increased.

The big players in the audience held their breath one by one, and did not dare to blink their eyes, fearing that they would miss any details and regret for life.

Just as the girl's dance was about to reach its peak, the lights suddenly went dark.

This sudden scene stunned all the big players, and immediately there was a sound of scolding and flipping the table from the audience.

Fortunately, it didn't take long for the lights to come on again.

It's just that at this time, the stunning girl who attracted the hearts of all the high-rollers disappeared, and what was replaced on the stage was a wretched green-hat turtle.

Mr. Green Hat Turtle bowed to the audience, and said with a loud smile, "Welcome all distinguished guests to take time out of their busy schedules to visit our Tianxiang Pavilion. Today is just a good day for the new oiran, Miss Musk, to leave the pavilion~"

"Presumably, all the honored guests have seen Miss Musk's peerless demeanor with their own eyes just now, so I don't want to talk nonsense, I will immediately enter the bidding session that you are most looking forward to~"

"As usual, the one with the highest bid will be honored to be Miss Musk's first guest to enter the curtain! This kind of good thing can't be expected, all distinguished guests should seize the opportunity~"

As he said that, he boasted that he was humorous and gave a wink to the audience, but what responded to him was a burst of angry miscellaneous throwing.

Mr. Turtle ran away with his head in his arms, and he still didn't forget to shout loudly when he was done, "The bidding has officially started, and the limit is one stick of incense, and the reserve price is five hundred taels of silver~"

As soon as the words were finished, two tall and thick men immediately brought up a large cauldron with burning fine incense and placed it on the stage.

The incense was lingering, and immediately there were high-rollers who couldn't wait to shout their prices loudly:

"One thousand taels!"

"Cut, are you ashamed to ask for a mere one thousand taels? Labor and capital offer three thousand taels, and no one will argue with me!"

"My fair lady, a gentleman is so good. Miss Musk, a beauty who is one in a million, can let a merchant who is full of money get the red pill? A certain family offers five thousand taels!"

In an instant, the bidding went wild like a wild horse, from the reserve price of 500 taels to 5,000 taels in an instant.

A small Tianxiang Pavilion seems to accommodate the rich people in Taizhou, and its ability to absorb money is incredible.

Only half a stick of incense has passed, and the bidding has reached a record high of 9,500 taels.

The bidder was obviously Xun Guogong's nephew, a chubby fat man, who was looking around triumphantly, and no one dared to meet his gaze.

After waiting for a while, no one dared to offer a higher price, and the green-capped turtle returned to the stage again, watching that the incense was almost burned out, and was about to make a final decision.

Suddenly, a lazy voice came from below the stage:

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"My son paid two thousand taels..."

As soon as this remark came out, the whole room burst into laughter.

Those high-rollers who failed to bid laughed heartily, calling out who was drinking too much and couldn't even count, which is simply absurd.

Green Hat Turtle also thought that some guest was drunk and talking nonsense, and when he was about to announce the result with a smile, the lazy voice sounded again:

"Could it be that you have a problem with your ears? My son said two thousand taels, but it's gold~"

All of a sudden, as if thunder struck the ground, all the voices of the honored guests who were being taunted stopped abruptly as if they had eaten a fly.

My God, today's official exchange rate is one tael of gold equals twelve taels of silver.

If two thousand taels of gold, wouldn't it be twenty-four thousand taels of silver?

This, is this true?

Is there really someone who is being taken advantage of is willing to offer such a high price just to get a sister's red pill?

Everyone looked at the place where the sound came out like a ghost, and they all wanted to see who was so holy and so arrogant.

It turned out that Ying Datou was a strange noble son with a dissolute appearance, and there was an uproar immediately.

The nobleman ignored other people's public opinion, took out a stack of bills and slapped them on the table heavily, and murmured loudly, "Is there anyone who dares to bid with this son? If you have one, don't bother me." The big event of the Spring Festival."

Outside the crowd, Gou Guogong's cousin and nephew had a chubby face and turned into a pig's liver. He wanted to make trouble, but he was afraid of the forces behind the Tianxiang Pavilion.

The melon-eaters who had been expecting to stage the show of being a beauty by rushing to the crown suddenly booed in disappointment.

The biggest competitor retreated, and the noble young master became more and more unscrupulous, shouting, "Young man, why don't you announce the result soon? Don't let this young master come on stage and beat you!"

The Green Hat Turtle was still indulging in the huge shock of the two thousand taels of gold. Hearing the words, he hurriedly came to his senses, flattering and smiling, "I'm just a lowly son, I don't dare to tarnish my noble hands~"

Swallowing his saliva and moistening his throat, the Green Hat Turtle announced loudly, "Since no one can bid higher than that young master, then this old man will boldly announce that the final winner of Miss Musk's bid tonight is~~"

The tone was protracted like a joke, and then the Green Hat Turtle shouted excitedly, "That's the young master~~ The old man congratulates the young master, and I will take the young master to Miss Musk's boudoir soon, I hope the young master will have a good time~"

The two gorgeous girls who had just accompanied her were both self-pitying and helpless.

I knew that your son was bold, but I didn't expect to be so bold. It's a pity that I am not as good-looking as the beautiful Musk, otherwise I would have to hug this golden thigh tightly.

The noble young master was taken to a comfortable and exquisite boudoir in a daze.

"Come on, hurry up and take me to see Miss Musk~"

The noble young master was drinking wildly on the incense couch, and a beautiful shadow of Manli carrying the fragrant wind came out from behind the screen, and Miss Musk said with a sweet smile, "Don't worry, my master, tonight the slave family belongs to you, and I will let the slave family replace it for you." change clothes~"

As he spoke, he wanted to blow out the lighting candle.

"Don't be so troublesome, Pindao likes to talk under the light."

A third person's voice suddenly sounded in the room, and Miss Musk was startled, and she turned her head hastily, but there was no figure of your son on the couch, but a handsome young man sitting upright.

The young man said with a smile, "Poverty Shaozhou Jingshan Zong Yuan Yuji, entrusted by the Shoushan Immortal, came to visit."

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		