

In the world of Liaozhai, there are Buddhas, Taos, foxes, ghosts, and naturally Confucianism.

It's just that the Confucianism in this world is not as described in the fairy tale storybook as having the ability to penetrate the heavens and the earth, and the ability of ghosts and gods to reverse changes.

Confucian culture has a long history. Although most Confucian scholars are just ordinary people, there have been a few great Confucianists in the long history who have realized similar magical powers from sage books. This is the origin of the golden house in the book.

But a few great Confucians with supernatural powers can't change the common problem of scholars who are useless.

Especially at the moment when the court is corrupt and the people are struggling to survive.

The more you read poetry and books, the more enlightened you are, the easier it is to get confused.

Therefore, on the eve of the demise of all dynasties, there were many absurd acts of scholars.

Just like now.

The most prestigious reading club in Shannan Road, the Meilan Society, who have never seen the sufferings of the world and have nothing to do when they are full, in order to get ahead and don't want to serve the country and manage the people's livelihood, unexpectedly met in the extremely dangerous Lanruo Temple to hold a test of courage. , It is conclusive to overthrow the theory of ghosts and gods in the world.

It's a joke in the world! !

I have to say that no matter in which time, space or world, there will always be a steady stream of wonderful things appearing, and what they do and say is really dumbfounding.

Yan Chixia looked at Yuan Yutang speechlessly, as if asking what to do.

Yuan Yutang rolled his eyes, and without a trace, he shook the drunk man crawling on his shoulder a few feet away, and shrugged helplessly, expressing that he could do nothing about it.

Scholars used to have a lot of eyes, but now they are so drunk, want to persuade them to go home?

It's harder than climbing to the sky! !

Yuan Yutang smiled silently, drank the wine in the glass in one gulp, stood up on his knees and walked outside.

Yan Chixia hurriedly pushed away the two drunkards who were both foody and playful, and insisted on drinking with him, and followed them away.

For some people who are determined to send them to death, Yuan Yutang will never meddle in their own business.

However, although those young masters inside have committed misdemeanors, they are not guilty of death, and they have treated him kindly. It would be a bit unreasonable to watch them die.

He couldn't persuade him, but he couldn't bear to watch those scholars die.

Then he and Yan Chixia could only work hard as nannies for a while, protecting these people comprehensively.

There has been trouble too, presumably they will feel bored when they wake up tomorrow, and most of them will leave on their own.

She told Yan Chixia her thoughts, but Yan Chixia was also speechless.

The two smoked a cigarette in dismay, then went up to the roof separately, and began a long night of northwest wind feast.

It was hard to survive until dawn, and when the sun was three poles high, those crazy students Lu Xing in the main hall woke up, got into the carriage listlessly one by one, and left in a hurry.

Yuan Yutang let out a sigh of relief for this.

Finally, the group of plague gods were sent away. Fortunately, the monsters did not attack last night, otherwise the two people's tentative intentions would be in vain.

"Brother, you won't have to stay up until night again, will you?"

Yan Chixia asked dejectedly with her messy hair blown into a chicken coop by the night wind.

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly and said, "No way, who made us unlucky? Let's hunt some prey to fill our stomachs. Then sleep, I guess the time will pass."

After the two went out for a while, they killed a few pheasants and two fat rabbits, sacrificed to the Wu Zang Mansion, and each found a quiet side hall to sleep soundly, waiting for the night to fall.

After an unknown amount of time, Yuan Yutang, who was in a deep sleep, woke up instantly when he moved his ears.

At the same time, the leaky door was also pushed open, Yan Chixia's burly figure entered at the right time, and when they met, she smiled wryly, "My dear brother, those plague gods are back again."

Yuan Yutang was startled when he heard the words, and hurriedly got out of bed and walked towards the main hall.

When he came to the vestibule, he almost passed out.

Did you make a mistake?

There are more people here today than yesterday!

Almost 20 carriages came, and more than 30 young scholars in fine clothes gathered at the door to talk loudly, and more than a dozen servant girls hurriedly carried grill ingredients, tables, stools, screens and other sundries to the carriages.

Is this fucking addicting rhythm playing?

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth with hatred, wishing he could go up and beat them all away.

But reason told him no.

Most of the young scholars are arrogant, stubborn and unrestrained. Although he can easily expel these scholars, there is no guarantee that they will have a bad temper and deliberately come to find fault.

This is not Yuan Yutang's unfounded worry. Every time and space has these examples of corrupt Confucianists who have failed to succeed but failed.

Therefore, these scholars who can't fight, talk but don't listen, have always been one of the most troublesome problems for the local government.

It's a headache to think about such a thing.

After much deliberation, Yuan Yutang finally came up with an idea, and asked Yan Chixia with a ferocious face, "Does Brother Yan know how to exorcise ghosts?"

Yan Chixia was stunned, afraid that the little brother might be confused for a while, so she hurriedly said worriedly, "What do you want, don't mess around."

The corner of Yuan Yutang's mouth curled up into a sinister smile, "Hehe, big brother Moyou, since these people don't know the heights of the sky and the earth, I think it's better to give them an impressive social lesson, so as to save them from continuing to be confused, and one day they will lose their confusion." life."

Hearing this explanation, Yan Chixia didn't object, she thought for a while and said, "I know a thing or two about exorcising ghosts, so how do you want to do it?"

Yuan Yutang smiled mischievously, "Hehe, don't worry, I have a sense of proportion, and I won't hurt their lives. Isn't it wonderful that you are like this?"

After hearing this, Yan Chixia didn't know whether to laugh or cry, pointed at Yuan Yutang and said with an angry smile, "You always act so mature and stable, so that my brother often forgets your real age and treats you as a peer, only then remembering that you are still an old man. Fifteen-year-old boy."

"Forget it, although this plan is bad, it's still a good idea, so I'll do it for you."

"Hehe, then I'm looking forward to tonight."


Night fell as expected.

But in the ruined Lanruo Temple under the night, there are singing and dancing, laughter and laughter, and the extravagance of luxury and luxury spreads all over the field.

"Come on, it's rare that so many brothers and sisters gather together today, and brother Jing is about to go to Beijing to take up his post, we all raise our glasses, wishing brother Jing a bright future, and wishing Da Xia a prosperous and prosperous summer, let's drink together! "

A wanton and handsome scholar jumped onto the altar and said a toast with joy.

The classmates and friends around were also very face-saving, and the whole room cheered before the words were finished, and the atmosphere of the meeting reached its peak directly.

No one knows the handsome scholar. He is Di Yinhao, the only son of Di Shizun, the deputy chief minister of Shannan Road. He is good at poetry and poetry. With many fans, there is a faint tendency to become a leader of the younger generation of scholars.

At the same time, he was also one of the initiators of this absurd test of courage, and it was precisely because of his fame that so many famous scholars and scholars willingly came to this desolate Lanruo Temple to mess around.

And the brother Jing who was named by Di Yinhao raised his glass implicitly.

From the moment he received the imperial appointment, he consciously had a clear boundary with those friends who usually messed around.

He wants to rise to the top and show his ambitions, so he naturally goes against these old friends who eat, drink and have fun all day long.

If it wasn't for Di Yinhao's face, he would definitely not attend such a ridiculous party.

After drinking for three rounds, all the scholars felt smoky. Under the influence of alcohol, many rebellious remarks that could not be said or dared to be said could not be hidden.

"Everyone! Those ordinary people in the imperial court who enjoy high positions and high salaries, but never cared about the sufferings of the people's livelihood, and only cared about forming cliques and intrigues all day long. The reason why the world has collapsed to such a degree is that those ordinary people are duty-bound!"

A red-faced scholar waved from side to side, pointing at the air and yelling.

People can deceive others, but they cannot deceive themselves after all.

Although they usually keep saying that the world is a peaceful and prosperous world, they know what is going on in this world, but they are unable to change it, so they indulge in wine and music.

As soon as the chatterbox started, the disgruntled scholars couldn't bear it anymore, and all kinds of unsavory and disobedient words came out in an endless stream.

Cursing the ways of the world, scolding princes, scolding generals, even the current emperor, was scolded bloody by the drunkards who were drunk.

This frightened Brother Jing, who was always three-point sober, into a cold sweat.

If he hadn't entered the official career, he might have taken the opportunity to complain and scold those unattainable dignitaries.

But not now.

Dragon slayers will eventually become evil dragons, and people will eventually live in the way they once hated the most.

If even half of these treasonous words are leaked tonight, let alone a bright future, they will even lose their wealth and life.

At this moment he regretted coming to this party immensely.

However, Di Yinhao didn't know much about Xiao Jiujiu in Brother Jing's heart. He was almost drunk, so he got up staggeringly and went out to find a place to relieve himself.

Finding a corner at random, Di Yinhao vented the mountain torrent happily.

When the water weakened, he couldn't help shivering, and he was a little sober from the wine.

Just about to go back to the room to continue the fierce battle.

Unexpectedly, the moment he turned around, he froze suddenly.

I saw a woman in white with an umbrella standing under the tree in front of me.

Due to the dim light around him and the distance, he couldn't see the honor of the woman in white clearly because of his good eyesight.

However, he saw the woman's figure clearly.

As the saying goes, wine is the best aphrodisiac, and Di Yinhao, who was not yet drunk, suddenly had an evil fire in his heart.

Because the woman's figure is too hot, with a waist and long legs, full and full, she is simply the stunner that men dream of.

With uncontrollable desire, he didn't bother to think about why a strange woman appeared in this deserted temple in the middle of the night, and he didn't want to think about why it didn't rain, but the woman held an umbrella against her will.

Now he just wanted to tear the woman's clothes fiercely, and then vent out the evil fire in his heart.

Walking down the tree step by step, the woman in white didn't dodge, she just lowered her head and held her umbrella, waiting quietly for Di Yinhao to come over.

When the two were a few steps apart, Di Yinhao couldn't wait to reach out and peel off the woman's clothes, and teased, "Little lady is waiting for me from the official? What will the official tell you tonight?" It's called blissful ecstasy, raise your head and let the officials see your face!"

The woman in white smiled slightly when she heard the words, and raised her head meekly.

Di Yinhao, who was burning with desire, only took one look at the woman's face, and his whole body froze.

Because, the woman actually had a skull face, and the two rows of Bai Sensen's teeth were knocked up and down, and she asked with a sinister laugh:

"Officer, I wonder if you are satisfied with the appearance of the slave's parents?"

Di Yinhao took a long breath like a cramp, exhausted all his strength, and suddenly screamed:

"Ah, there is a ghost~~"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 44 Useless is for scholars to read for free.




		