

Since ancient times, those with extraordinary talents are more proud.

Zigan Zhenren is obviously such a person.

He started teaching at the age of seven, enlightened to the Dharma at the age of eight, acquired Dzogchen at the age of twelve, entered the realm of monks at the age of fifteen, and advanced to the realm of real people at the age of twenty-eight.

Perhaps his cultivation speed is nothing in other avenues of outstanding people, but in the case of Shannan Road, where spiritual energy is scarce and resources are scarce, it is already amazing.

It is precisely because of this that he has developed his arrogant and arrogant character.

Strictly speaking, in fact, Zigan's talent is really not bad. The reason why he has not been able to step into the ranks of immortals until today is purely because the environment has dragged him down.

Reiki has a fixed number from the moment of birth, if there is more in some places, there will naturally be less in other places.

Unfortunately, Shannan Road is the one with the least aura in Daxia Kingdom.

Coupled with the endless wars and chaos for thousands of years, the people are in dire straits, and the already thin spiritual energy has become increasingly scarce due to the impact of natural disasters and man-made disasters, and then fell into a vicious cycle.

Zigan naturally knew the disadvantages of this way, but he never felt sorry for himself. Instead, he held his breath and wanted to compete with the heavens, secretly vowing to break through the immortals in the way where the aura is thin, in order to prove his gold content.

He is vain, but not stupid.

Knowing that the environment is limited, he cannot easily obtain cultivation resources like other Dao colleagues, so he had to find another way to make up for the shortage.

And the method he chose was to make good friends with local officials for mutual benefit.

So this time Di Shizun, the deputy chief minister, asked him to go out to eliminate the demon, and he agreed without saying a word, and led his disciples to come out, intending to rescue Di Yinhao who was trapped in the demon cave.


"Master, the masters and uncles have already gone to lead the battle, it's time for us to enter the arena."

A quiet voice interrupted Master Zigan's thoughts, and when he came back to his senses, he saw twelve young disciples who were eager to try and really waited for him to give orders.

"Yeah." Master Zigan nodded indiscernibly.

These twelve young disciples are outstanding elites that he has spent years training and training. People in the world call them the Twelve Three Stars, and they are the hope of the next generation of the sect.

It is also because of this that this time he brought all of them with him. In addition to helping him gain experience and experience, he also wanted to select the most worrying people from among them as heirs and focus on training them.

The twelve three-star sons are all exquisite in mind, more or less aware of the master's intentions, so they can't wait to express themselves, hoping to win the favor of the master, so as to inherit the great treasure.

"Now that you are all ready, let's go!"

The twelve sons were shocked when they heard the words, and agreed in unison, "Yes!"

After finishing speaking, he followed the position of the Big Dipper Formation of Tiangang and protected the real Zigan into the woods.

"Quack quack ~"

"Shushasha~"

As soon as you enter the woods, you seem to have fallen into another world.

Dark, cold, cramped, depressing...

The strange birds are singing, the wind is blowing the fallen leaves, and the cold is overwhelming...

It's like the 18 levels of hell that no strangers should enter.

If ordinary people suddenly fell into such a dangerous place, they would have to peel off their skin without being frightened to death.

The thirteen members of Zigan Zhenren's group were as usual, advancing and retreating with ease, as if they were out in the wild.

Just kidding, Samsung Temple is also the leader of the state anyway, and the people present at least have the cultivation level of monks, how can a mere gloomy environment frighten them.

However, accidents often appear inadvertently.

After about half a stick of incense, Master Zigan, who was surrounded by stars, suddenly let out a cry of surprise, and stopped the disciples around him.

"Stop!"

Twelve sons didn't know what happened, but they still stopped in order to stop, clenched the magic soldiers in their hands and concentrated on guard.

Master Zigan frowned with thick eyebrows, closed his eyes and ears, as if he was catching something.

All of a sudden, Master Zigan suddenly opened his eyes, jumped in front of the last disciple who landed at the end without any explanation, slapped him off the ground with his palm, and flew upside down into a tree.

This scene was really contrary to common sense, causing the remaining eleven disciples to be surprised and astonished.

However, there is no need for real Zigan to explain, the answer will appear automatically in the next moment.

I saw that the disciple who was knocked into the air crashed into a tree and was torn apart. His whole body turned into sawdust flying all over the sky, and finally. (This chapter is not finished!)

Chapter 50: Three Star Twelve Sons

All that was left was a tree root wriggling like a snake and fell to the ground.

Master Zigan snorted coldly, waved his big sleeve, and a talisman hit the wriggling tree root like lightning, and burned it into a torch in a flash of brilliance.

At this time, the eleven sons realized belatedly.

Their brothers and sisters were kidnapped by demons right under their noses, and they left a substitute in their place to try to commit crimes.

If Master was not vigilant, the consequences would have been disastrous.

Thinking of this, the proud eleven son was both scared and angry. @重量\/书阁·No fault first release~~

Demon An dares to be so arrogant, yet dares to openly provoke her! !

Master Zigan took a deep breath, and shouted loudly like a bell:

"Demon, don't think that you can intimidate me by playing heretics. If you have the ability, come out and see how powerful the magic sword in my hand is? If you dare to hurt my disciple, I swear that I will crush you to ashes." !"

After the threat was over, Master Zigan shouted at the disciples who were thinking about it with a gloomy face, "Why are you still in a daze, keep going, your little brother is still waiting to be rescued by the teacher!"

All the disciples came back to their senses one after another and set off in a hurry.

It's just that because some people disappeared, including the real Zigan, the relaxed mood disappeared, and the atmosphere gradually became depressed.

Unknowingly, a group of people walked out of the woods, and a vast wasteland unexpectedly appeared in front of them.

The night wind blows through the surrounding dense woods, shaking the lush grass as tall as a person.

Looking at the unfathomable wasteland, except for Zi Gan, the rest of the disciples couldn't help but cast a haze over their hearts.

Master Zigan sneered disdainfully, "Small tricks, do you think mere illusions can stop me from moving forward?"

"Wishful thinking, see that this seat is really angry and breaks your demon law!"

It was too late to say it, and then it was too late, Zigan Daoist's momentum soared, and with a raised hand, a large sea of ​​​​blazing flames was created out of nothing, and it burned away violently.

This is the Taoist Heavenly Fire—a ignorant Heavenly Fire, borrowing the power of heaven and earth, everything will be burned, and its power will shock the world.

Master Zigan also knew that the inexplicable disappearance of one person would damage the morale of the team, so he did not leave any room for his shots, which not only hit the arrogance of the demons, but also inspired people.

Good idea, but he was doomed to be disappointed.

After the swift sea of ​​flames passed, the damned wasteland and weeds were as good as ever, and the waves were surging, as if mocking the incompetence of the real Zigan.

How could Zigan, who was already irritable, be able to hold back his cowardice, and suddenly he was so angry that he threatened to wipe out the wasteland at any cost.

"Master, please be safe and don't be impatient, and let the disciples try the weight of the demon!"

At this time, a mature and steady male disciple stepped forward and asked sincerely.

Master Zigan was startled when he heard the words, this was the seventh son of one of his three most promising disciples, since he wanted to share his worries for the teacher, he pondered for a moment, and he readily agreed.

The seventh son drew out his dharma sword, and without hesitation broke into the vast wasteland like the sea. .

Chapter 50: Three Star Twelve Sons


		