

Although the days are long in summer, the sun will eventually set.

After the ancestral hall dispersed, Bei Gongde returned to the unique Sanjin courtyard in his village with a gloomy face.

As a scholar, he only cares about his face. This house was built by Bei Gongde in order to highlight his own uniqueness.

Just after entering the door, a pretty middle-aged lady hurriedly greeted her, and said anxiously, "Officer, what's the matter? Have you persuaded the expert to agree to help?"

Bei Gongde's eyes bulged when he heard the words, and he sternly reprimanded, "Why are women talking so much, are you teaching how to do things for your husband?"

Some people don't dare to complain when they suffer outside, but they will vent their anger on those close to them.

Obviously Bei Kunde is this kind of person.

Bei's wife's face froze, and she cowardly whispered, "Nujia, I'm not worried about Xun'er..."

Originally, he was suffocated when he was questioned by Yuan Yutang in public, so he dared to vent his anger. When his wife dared to refute, Bei Gongde was furious immediately. He slapped his head and covered his face and greeted his wife. , "You still have the nerve to mention Xun'er, the sage has a loving mother who is a loser, and it's not because you can't teach Xun'er that you let Xun'er break into such a strange product! The old man killed you today!"

Bei's wife was beaten for no reason and screamed again and again, desperately begging for mercy, "Officer, I made a mistake, I beg you to spare me for a while~"

After a fat beating, the evil fire in Bei Gongde's heart finally calmed down, and he walked to the atrium wing angrily without even looking at his wife with a bruised nose and a swollen face.

Push away a chic attic, which is abnormally filled with a large number of candles, illuminating the house as bright as day.

A figure curled up in the shadows in the corner, seeing someone come in in vain, screamed and trembled subconsciously.

"Ahhh, don't come here, I was wrong, please let me go~"

Bei Gongde felt pain in his heart when he heard the scream, he rushed up to hug the man, and coaxed softly, "Xun'er, don't worry about Xun'er, Grandpa has already invited an expert to sit in the town, that evil spirit dare not show up again Hurt someone, don't be afraid~"

The man hugged Bei Kunde tightly as if grasping the last straw, and screamed hoarsely, "Grandpa, I really didn't intend to harm him, but he kept explaining to me, woo woo woo, I I don’t want to die, grandpa help me~”

What can make the proud Bei Gongde care so much is naturally that he let go of his only son, Bei Jiaxun, who has caused a catastrophe.

The so-called knowing son is like a father, even though Libegaxun usually plays tricks one way after another, thinking that bullying Zhou Mavericks can be hidden from his family.

It's a pity that Bei Kunde saw through this trick at a glance.

The reason why he didn't reprimand his son for this was because he was doting on the one hand, and the other reason was that Bei Kunde didn't think his son had done anything wrong.

In Bei Gongde's view, people are divided into three or five classes.

Bei Jiaxun was extremely intelligent since he was a child, and he was destined to make a fortune in the future. What's the point of bullying a woodcutter's son?

As long as no one is killed, it is easy to say anything.

Even if someone died, it was no big deal in his mind.

Isn't he just a woodcutter's son? If he dies, he will die, and at most he will pay a few dollars. Anyway, human life is not worth much these days.

Could it be that he will punish his own son because of a humble woodcutter's son?

So Bei Gongde knew the truth about Zhou Xiaoniu's death, and originally planned to hide it, but he didn't expect that the consequences of the matter would be so serious.

Zhou Xiaoniu turned into a ghost and came back to claim his life, and threatened that on the first seven days of his life, the whole village would be buried with him.

This is not a nonsense story based on false rumors. Several children who participated in the death of Zhou Xiaoniu who were present at the scene that night, except for Bei Jiaxun, the rest died strangely and tragically.

Some drowned in a cesspit, some dismembered their corpses out of thin air in their sleep, and some were stuffed into crevices of rocks. Anyway, the death was strange and terrifying.

Originally, Bei Gongde sneered at the idea that good and evil are rewarded, but after the incident, he also had to start to shake his long-held beliefs.

Thinking about the fact that there is an expert sitting in the village tonight, there must be nothing wrong, and besides, he is already exhausted from guarding the frightened Aizi day and night.

A strong drowsiness hit his nerves like a tide, so he went to the next room and fell asleep.

After an unknown amount of time, Bei Gongde, who was soundly asleep, suddenly felt a chill, as if water had entered the quilt, and it was bitingly cold.

At first he thought it was a nightmare and didn't pay much attention to it.

Later, the dampness in the quilt became heavier and heavier, as if soaked in water.

Waking up suddenly from sleep, Bei Gongde hurriedly lifted the quilt to take a look, and he was dumbfounded.

Where there are traces of the bed under the body, it is clear that the whole person slept on the water.

This unbelievable scene immediately caused Bei Kunde's brain to shut down.

"Here, what's going on here?"

Panicked, Bei Gongde hurriedly threw away the drenched quilt, staggered up and was about to rush out.

The oil lamp in the room went out at some point, and he couldn't see his fingers. Fortunately, he arranged the tables and stools in the house by himself. Because he was so familiar, he didn't touch any furniture even in his panic.

Not long after, he ran to the door, grabbed the door and pushed hard.

Suddenly, a jet of water rushed towards him, staggering him who was caught off guard.

"Ahhh~"

In panic, he choked on a few sips of water, and before he could wake up, the entire room was mostly submerged by the flood that appeared out of nowhere.

As a native of Caotang Village, Bei Gongde's water skills are not weak, and he played instinctively in a hurry, so that he did not drown.

When he surfaced, he was horrified to find that the room seemed to have turned into a flood, and the water level was already higher than his head, and it was still rising slowly.

Before he had time to think about it, he was terrified and instinctively wanted to call for help.

It's just that he just opened his mouth when he inadvertently saw a row of wet footprints appearing on the roof beams.

This weird scene immediately blocked his throat with a stone, and he swallowed all the words for help.

The door was wide open, and the dim moonlight outside shone like inside the room, making everything around it look shadowy.

Because of this, Bei Kunde also saw a thrilling scene.

I saw a terrifying monster squatting on the beam of the house covered with cobwebs.

It looks like a child of three or four years old, with scales like carps, knees like tigers, blue face and long fangs, extremely frightening.

Bei Gongde shivered, all the strength in his body seemed to evaporate in an instant, and he was soaked in the water dumbfounded.

The terrifying monster's fierce eyes glowing red in the darkness were staring at Bei Kunde below, and then smiled ferociously.

"Ah~"

A tragic scream pierced the quiet night sky.


Earlier, the five of Yuan Yutang discussed the countermeasures and decided to sit on the sidelines and wait for the ghosts to appear.

As a result, half the night passed in a flash, and the cock crowing time was almost over, and there was no abnormality at all.

Just when they were wondering, Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia suddenly changed their expressions.

"Ghost breath emanates from seven directions at the same time!"

The two said in unison, startled for a while, and immediately their faces became extremely ugly.

The aura of ghosts appearing in seven directions at the same time means that either the ghosts are playing tricks to distract them, or...

There are seven ghosts making trouble at the same time!

The situation was urgent, and there was no time to think about it, Yuan Yutang said decisively, "Changsheng, you and Lan Xi stay in the ancestral hall, if any ghosts dare to approach before we return, they will be killed without mercy!"

Immediately afterwards, he said urgently to Yan Chixia and Li Chun, "Let's split up, whether he is playing tricks or there are really seven ghosts, we must not let the evil ghosts harm people again!"

Yan Chixia and Li Chun agreed in an instant, and then quickly split up.

Yuan Yutang also frantically started, and rushed to the place where the ghost aura appeared in the west.

Not long after, he came to a magnificent and elegant courtyard.

The door of the other courtyard was opened, as if it had been attacked by a thief, and the inside was quiet and silent, as if all the residents had disappeared.

For some reason, Yuan Yutang felt inexplicably uneasy.

It seemed that something unusual was going to happen tonight.

Suppressing the throbbing in his heart, Yuan Yutang rushed into the courtyard like the wind.

Slap!

As soon as his footsteps landed, he suddenly discovered that the yard was flooded with flood water, and the water level reached a shocking height above his knees.

This, how is this possible?

Yuan Yutang was startled. Even though the gate was open, there was so much water in the courtyard, which was beyond reason.

Rao was well-informed, and it was the first time he experienced such a strange scene.

He was sure that the stagnant water in the yard was not an illusion!

In other words, the haunted ghost this time is extraordinary!

Taking a few deep breaths, Yuan Yutang heightened his vigilance and dared not act recklessly any more, wading through the water like walking on thin ice.

From the front yard to the middle hall, it was about fifty steps away, but Yuan Yutang felt as if he was going downhill, as if he was gradually stepping into an abyss, and only halfway through, the water level had already flooded his chest.

There were a lot of furniture and clothes floating on the surface of the turbulent water, and soon a dark object drifting with the waves caught his attention.

Looking closely, he found that the pitch-black object was clearly the corpse of a woman.

The whole body of the corpse was pale, as if it had been soaked in the bottom of the water for a long time, and it was so swollen that the loose robe was stretched tightly. A strange smile was frozen on a swollen face like a big white steamed bun.

Looking at the appearance of the clothes, he could vaguely recognize that this floating corpse was the middle-aged scholar who made him feel very arrogant and hypocritical in the evening!

After such a short separation, the middle-aged scholar seemed to have been dead for a long time, which is indeed a bit sensational.

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to be careless, and wanted to bypass the strange floating corpse that was slowly approaching.

However, when he was about to cross the floating corpse, a sudden change occurred.

The swollen floating corpse, which should have no signs of life, jumped up suddenly, and a pair of pale and swollen corpse hands grabbed Yuan Yutang ferociously.

Yuan Yutang, who had been on guard for a long time, could not allow the ghost to succeed, instead of retreating, he punched the ghost with a fist like a meteorite falling from the sky!

"Fist Gang" - Immortal Asking the Way!

Boom!

The domineering punch burst out suddenly, and the floating corpse didn't say a word, and his arms were exploded into cloudy mist.

However, just when Yuan Yutang suspected that the floating corpse was too weak, a black figure suddenly broke through the water behind him, knocking him into the water like lightning.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 27 Water is free to read.




		