

Ten days had passed, and Sun Yi had successfully finished his punishment by facing the wall, but there was still no word on the matter of taking the new disciples to visit the outer sect.

Different from the lost Chen Changsheng, Yuan Yutang should eat and drink, but he didn't take it to heart at all.

In the eyes of Sun Yi, who had high expectations of him, this kind of heartless behavior was undoubtedly a sign of not wanting to make progress. He couldn't help but feel disappointed, and his attitude towards him was not as tolerant as before.

"Hey, Zhou An, you can't go on like this. Don't you see that Manager Sun is getting more and more dissatisfied with you these days? Quickly cheer up!"

Cultivation is the way of great struggle, and resources are limited. When you rise to the top, others can only wait and see. Some fellow students secretly hope that Yuan Yutang will be replaced.

Among all the classmates who were gloating at others' misfortune, only Chen Changsheng was really worried about him.

Yuan Yutang still went his own way, and he didn't take Chen Changsheng's kind warning to heart.

Since entering the plantation garden at night, he has been thinking about why the one-eyed boy in the forest is so sacred.

It's a pity that we can no longer visit the plantation garden in a short time, otherwise all the mysteries may be solved by catching a one-eyed boy.

The following days will be spent in boring special training.

Finally, on December 14th, Sun Yi, who had been gloomy for many days, finally brought an exciting piece of good news.

"After the relentless negotiation of the steward, the fourth elder of the Outer Sect finally agreed to let us visit the Outer Sect tomorrow. Those selected last time should be ready and we will leave early tomorrow morning!"

As he spoke, he did not forget to stare at Yuan Yutang, who was fooling around, secretly helpless.

Yuan Yutang responded with a smirk, almost breaking Sun Yi's defenses.

After all the selected personnel except Yuan Yutang spent a long night excitedly and apprehensively, the time to visit the outer gate finally arrived.

Sun Yi dressed up and appeared outside the dormitory early in the morning. First, he explained to the ten selected disciples who were looking forward to the night some precautions about etiquette and taboos in the outer sect. During this period, his attention was always on Yuan Yutang who was yawning. Xuancai resisted the urge to kick this guy who couldn't support the wall out of the team.

Is this so plausible?

You must know that this lost opportunity to visit the outer door was the one he begged to come back with shame.

If there is a chance to impress the elders of the outer sect, after the final assessment at the end of the year, you will have the opportunity to become a disciple.

How could he not pay attention at all?

I am also angry!

Yuan Yutang didn't know Sun Yi's thoughts of hating iron but not steel. Last night he ran out and searched the area at the foot of the mountain again. Now he just wants to quickly end the boring show and catch up on sleep.

Sun Yi suppressed his anger, and said in a deep voice with a sullen face, "I've said everything I need to say. Whether you can seize the opportunity depends on your luck."

"Let's go now!"

After speaking, he strode away without even having the desire to look at Yuan Yutang again.

The eight selected disciples rushed to catch up.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was still in a lost state, Chen Changsheng couldn't help but angrily pushed him, and then let him follow the team.


Qingtian Peak is unattainable, covering an area comparable to a mansion. It is roughly divided into the public area at the foot of the mountain, the outer door area halfway up the mountain, the inner door area below the peak, and the core area of ​​the mountain. Each area There is a clear distinction between Wei and Wei, and there is an astonishingly lethal Dharma protector array, without the permission of the companion, it is absolutely impossible to take a single step.

Sun Yi prepared three cranes for these elite disciples to ride on, divided into groups of three or five, and set off for the lofty outer gate amidst the excitement of all the newcomers.

Two hours later, the three-headed crane finally landed in front of a light-curtained courtyard halfway up the mountain.

Yuan Yutang stared at the dreamlike magical light curtain in amazement. He could feel the great energy contained in the light curtain. If there is no special way to enter, if he rushes around rashly, he will definitely be hit by thunder.

With a gloomy face, Sun Yi took out a small snake-shaped wooden sword and threw it into the sky, the small wooden sword turned into a stream of light and merged into the light curtain.

Immediately afterwards, the light curtain opened a gap like a curtain, and a middle-aged man in a blue robe came out with a hearty smile.

"Hahaha, Brother Sun is here, welcome!"

"The fourth brother's reputation is too high. I take the liberty to bother you. Please forgive me."

Ignoring the two Sun Yi who are not nutritious and courteous, Yuan Yutang touched

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Touching the dazzling Chen Changsheng, he said teasingly, "What, did the blessed land of Xianjia disappoint you?"

Chen Changsheng looked longingly, and murmured, "If you have the opportunity to become an outer disciple, what's the point of having a short life of ten years?"

Yuan Yutang curled his lips and muttered, "I'm not promising, and an outer sect makes you so excited that you can't figure it out, so can't you enlarge the pattern, such as becoming an inner sect disciple, or even a core disciple?"

Chen Changsheng was startled when he heard the words, suppressed his beating heart, and retorted with duplicity, "Nonsense, the core... How can inner disciples be selected so easily...I said Zhou An, you Can't you be more down-to-earth? Being too ambitious will inevitably lead to nothing in the end!"

Yuan Yutang laughed, and said lightly, "How bold a person is and how productive his heart is. If you don't even have the courage to imagine, how much can you expect to achieve?"

Patting Chen Changsheng who was in awe, Yuan Yutang said casually, "I am in a good mood today, and I will give you another gift. It is better to be a chicken head than a phoenix tail. Sometimes opportunities are won, not Wait for the world to fall. Think about it!"

Yuan Yutang really did not forget to give Chen Changsheng eye drops all the time, and whenever he had the opportunity, he planted the seeds of ambition for him in preparation for poaching people in the future.

If Sun Yi found out about such inappropriate behavior, he must be skinned.

Sun Yi seemed to have a good relationship with the fourth steward, showing a rare smile, and after a brief exchange of greetings, the fourth steward led everyone inside.

What you can see along the way is full of fairy-like atmosphere.

The sea of ​​clouds is rolling, and the sun is like rain. From time to time, rare birds and animals can be seen playing in the clouds and mist, and occasionally there are figures flying with swords in the sky, which is startling.

The attics are scattered in the forest like stars. Many young disciples are sitting in the open space, meditating, or sharpening their swords, or practicing in pairs.

This unprecedented shocking scene had a great spiritual impact on the newcomers.

Seeing this, Sun Yi and the fourth steward immediately smiled knowingly.

This is the real purpose of letting new disciples visit the outer gate.

What people are most afraid of is that they have no goals. As long as they have a direction to strive for, they will naturally not slack off.

Except Yuan Yutang!

"Zhou An, what's going on with you!"

Sun Yi couldn't bear it anymore, and finally spoke out to reprimand him.

Other Mengxins are cautious, for fear of being seen as embarrassed, but Yuan Yutang is good, yawning all the time, disorganized and rude, it is simply too outrageous.

"Report to Steward Sun, my disciple suffered from insomnia last night, please forgive me~"

Yuan Yutang's feeble answer made Sun Yi's blood pressure soar with anger.

Anyway, Yuan Yutang thought that he would be able to enter the outer door smoothly, so why pretend to be cute to please the fourth steward?

And there is another advantage of leaving the impression that the fourth steward cannot be reused, that is, it can greatly avoid receiving too much attention in the future, so that it is convenient for him to follow up.

The most important thing is that Sun Yi can still be judged as being incapable of discipline.

Such a good thing that kills three birds with one stone, he will not let it go.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang still had no intention of restraining himself, Sun Yi's face turned as dark as the bottom of a pot.

If it wasn't for the wrong timing, he would have to teach Yuan Yutang a lesson.

The fourth steward hastily said softly, "Hehe, the youngest son is ignorant. He is just a playful and naughty age. If he doesn't sleep well, he will naturally lack energy. Brother grandson, don't get angry, just discipline him when you go back."

While speaking, Yuan Yutang found that the fourth steward looked at him with contempt and displeasure, and almost couldn't help applauding him in the hall.

Chen Changsheng was anxious and helpless, he couldn't help but feel anxious for his friend.

Just when Yuan Yutang thought he was about to finish his work, an unexpected episode disrupted his plan.

"Hey, isn't this the steward Sun Yi who we just finished punishing by facing the wall? Why don't you discipline your disciples in the public area well, why are you hanging around outside like this?"

Before anyone arrived, the harsh and sarcastic voices came first.

Sun Yi, who was already very angry at Yuan Yutang, almost exploded his blood vessels when he saw this person.

The person who came was Lin Taiji, the steward of the plantation garden who caused him to be punished for no reason!

I saw Lin Heizhen coming with two unruly outer disciples wearing navy blue cassocks, sarcastically mocking, "I haven't seen you for a few days, Brother Sun still looks good Is it something I realized during the process of facing the wall?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, Sure enough, the third elder still prefers you, so he deliberately pointed out your weaknesses. I really envy others. "

Lin Taiji's three sentences in the public are always brought to the upper wall for punishment, which is undoubtedly exposing Sun Yi's scars.

Seeing that there was a good show, the surrounding outer disciples stopped what they were doing, and they almost took out a small bench to watch the play.

Sun Yi was trembling with anger, a scholar can be killed and cannot be humiliated, if he shrinks back now, don't expect to hold his head up in the sect in the future.

Just when he was about to attack, a steady and powerful hand rested on his shoulder.

Sun Yi turned his head like an angry lion, and immediately met the calm eyes of his friend Si Haoyu.

Fourth Haoyu shook his head unobtrusively, signaling Sun Yi not to be impulsive.

Sun Yi, Lin Taiji, and Fourth Haoyu were all disciples of the same period. Except for Sun Yi who came from a poor background, the other two were all yamen.

The reason why Lin Taiji targeted Sun Yi everywhere, apart from bullying him for being rootless and jealous that he was more talented than himself, the most important reason was to deal with Fourth Haoyu.

The grievances and entanglements between the three are, in the final analysis, just for a dirty power struggle.

In the middle of the year, an old steward of the inner sect died of illness, and the vacated positions were occupied by capable people, among which Lin Taiji and Fourth Haoyu had the greatest chance of taking the top position.

Everyone in the clan knows that Si Haoyu and Sun Yi are close friends, and Lin Taiji is afraid of Si Haoyu's father who is the chief elder of the outer sect, so he can only start with Sun Yi, intending to provoke Si Haoyu to make mistakes Pour this biggest competitor.

Fourth Haoyu has long seen through Lin Taiji's sinister intentions, even if he is trying to be hated by his friends, he still wants to prevent this conflict.

Yuan Yutang was about to jump up excitedly, shouting desperately in his heart: Fight, fight quickly~ It is best to beat all the dogs out of their minds, and then drive them all out of the sect, so that they can get rid of this talented person, Sun Yi, without any effort. Income under the command.

It's a pity that with Si Haoyu on the side to suppress, even if Sun Yi was unwilling in every way, he had no choice but to lose.

The more tolerant Sun Yi and the two were, the more insulting Lin Taiji was.

"Oh, it seems that our grandson, who used to be known as the gunpowder barrel, has also learned how to cultivate himself. There are really no wonders in the world~" Lin Taiji sighed pretendingly, and then pretended to reprimand to the two outer disciples who were watching the theater behind him, " You don't have any sharp eyesight, and you usually don't have a high level of xinxing cultivation, so it's rare to meet Guanshi Sun and feel enlightened, why don't you hurry up and ask for advice?"

Among them, a young man whose appearance was 70% similar to Lin Taiji, who had a big black mole on his face as if inherited from his ancestors, stepped forward to salute with fists in his hands, and said with a playful tone, "Sun Guanshi, my disciple wants to ask you how to correctly To be an old turtle, ah no, how to cultivate one's self-cultivation, I also ask Guanshi Sun to give me some advice~"

As soon as this remark came out, everyone burst into laughter.

Being humiliated in public by the younger generation, as long as there is blood, it is impossible for anyone to bear it.

Sun Yi, who was so patient that he was trembling all over, suddenly felt as if struck by lightning, and looked at Si Haoyu miserably, his eyes seemed to be begging him to let him take action.

However, Sun Yi's expectation was doomed not to be answered, and Si Haoyu remained expressionless, as if he hadn't seen Sun Yi's despairing eyes at all.

In his mind, how could a moment of honor and disgrace be compared with the major event of competing for the position of the inner sect steward, and he was not the one who was humiliated, thinking that when he gains power in the future, he will have plenty of ways to concoct Lin Taiji.

However, although Si Haoyu had a good idea, he never considered the mood of the person involved, Sun Yi.

Sun Yi is extremely sad at this moment, he is extremely angry with Lin Taiji and his group, he is extremely disappointed with his friends, and he is even more desperate for his own humble status.

Just when Sun Yi was in grief and indignation, a figure suddenly appeared out of the crowd.

There was a sudden silence at the scene, followed by thunderous laughter.

Because the person in charge is Chen Changsheng.

Chen Changsheng's face was as heavy as water, he lifted the iron-wood sword he was carrying with him upside down, stared at the mole young man who was laughing wildly with big eyes, and gritted his teeth word by word, "Today you humiliate my elders. You can't sit idly by, and ask Your Excellency to show you your sword!"

Before the words fell, the outer disciples who were watching the play laughed generously.

How dare a mere rookie dare to imitate others and challenge the disciples of the outer sect?

What is overestimation, this is called overestimation!

Chen Changsheng's sudden behavior was completely beyond Sun Yi and Si Haoyu's expectations, before he even had time to stop drinking, the young man with the mole agreed first.

"How courageous. A rookie disciple dares to challenge me, Lin Moran. He really deserves to be the 'superior disciple' trained by Steward Sun. No problem, I accepted your challenge!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		