

Transformation into a fetus is myriad of mysteries and can change in ever-changing ways. It is even more miraculous and mysterious than the seventy-two transformations in Chinese mythology, but there is only one thing that is not good.

Although the transformation is seamless, if you want to display your original strength, you must restore your real body.

So in order to attack and kill 'Dig Butong', Yuan Yutang had to expose his real body.

Lin Haoran, who hated him to the core, recognized it at a glance.

Yuan Yutang was a little surprised when he suddenly met Lin Haoran's almost fire-breathing angry eyes.

Taking a closer look, I found that Lin Haoran's bewitching appearance covered in thick pink was somewhat similar to that of the dead ghost Lin Er, and he immediately understood it.

This gay guy probably has a lot to do with Lin Er, either father and son or uncle and nephew.

But Yuan Yutang didn't care, anyway, he had already made a move, and it didn't matter if he added another amount of past hatred.

In a battle to resolve grievances, as long as one party dies, the grievances will naturally end.

Yuan Yutang thought quite openly, but Budai Monk and others didn't think so.

Not to mention Lin Haoran's revenge for murdering his son, just because Budai monk's chance of liberation was aborted with the death of "unable to dig", this deadlock cannot be resolved.

"Stinky boy, this poor monk wants to skin and dismantle you, tearing you into pieces~"

Budai Monk's distorted and terrifying face became even more ferocious due to extreme anger. His aura was fully opened, and his strong magic power condensed into a huge demon Buddha like a substance, and he killed Yuan Yutang fiercely.

Not to be outdone, Lin Haoran raised his hand and sprinkled dozens of cyan talismans, and every talisman turned into a terrifying evil ghost in an instant, attacking and killing Yuan Yuanyutang.

The last two Red Lotus believers stood at a safe distance, ready to support or take advantage of it at any time.

Faced with the siege of a peak sorcerer in the real world and a human immortal with unknown strength, Yuan Yutang did not panic at all.

Infiltrating into Qingtian Peak to steal Shen Tongzi was an almost impossible task. If he succeeded by luck, he would not naively think that many violent sword immortals in Qingtian Peak would politely watch him leave.

So he had already prepared countless emergency response plans, the most of which was about how to be outnumbered.

"Thunderstorms in all directions, shaking the word Biyi, the Lord of Thunder helps me, and is as urgent as a law!"

Yuan Yutang squeezed the Jue in his hands, and recited the mantra in awe-inspiring manner.

squeak~

In an instant, dozens of thunderbolts suddenly formed within a radius of 100 meters, and they swam rapidly like a berserk python, outlining a layer upon layer of lightning grid.

This is the combination of talismans that Yuan Yutang has learned recently from the fragments of "Tian Lun Jing Fu Lu Pian". Using ninety-nine and eighty-one low-level thunderstorm talismans after a specific combination, they form a thunder pool grid array, guarding righteousness and warding off evil spirits. Concession, the power is more than a hundred times stronger than a single thunderstorm talisman, and it is also one of the bag monks' confidence that he dared to face the fairyland.

"Wow wow~"

Falling into the thunder pool grid of Domineering Zhiyang, Lin Haoran's long-stocked ghost soldier only had time to scream, and his vitality was severely injured, and he went back into the blue talisman.

Lin Haoran was shocked. The information collected before showed that Yuan Yutang was only at the level of a monk. Why did Yuan Yutang break through to the level of a real person after he left for half a year?

This speed of breaking through the border is simply appalling!

Distraction is the worst thing to avoid when confronting an enemy. Lin Haoran was in a panic and was accidentally hit by thunderbolts. He couldn't help but let out a scream of killing a pig, and was instantly sent flying dozens of feet away.

Budai Monk's face was full of evil spirits, he didn't care about Lin Haoran's life or death at all, he only focused on Yuan Yutang, and roared:

"Zhuzi is ignorant, just trying to stump the poor monk?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

dream! "

""Great Devourer", swallow the sky and eat the earth!"

Monk Budai suddenly lifted off his tattered and torn robe, and saw that his chest and abdomen had already been hollowed out, his flesh, bones, and most of his viscera disappeared inexplicably, and there was only a huge stomach pouch running through his throat in the empty abdominal cavity.

The next second, the squirming stomach bag burst open from it, and the inside was pitch black, like a monster's huge mouth. Immediately, a surge of terrifying suction erupted, and the raging thunder pool grid in the air was instantly sucked into it.

After breaking Yuan Yutang's thunder pool grid array, the inexplicable suction power has not weakened, but has become stronger. The sand and gravel on the ground, as well as the surrounding ferns, are all pulled by the suction force, uprooted, and swallowed invisible. The prestige of the earth.

At the same time, Mo Buddha rushed to him and slapped Yuan Yutang fiercely.

Yuan Yutang's face was extremely solemn, and Budai Monk couldn't do anything to the Lightning Grid array. He had been mentally prepared for a long time, but he didn't expect that the carefully prepared killing move would be broken so easily. It seems that he still underestimated the strength of the Immortal Realm.

At this time, the terrifying suction gradually escalated, not to mention counterattack, it was extremely difficult for him to stand still, how could he resist the demon Buddha who was slapped on his horse under such involuntary circumstances?

With his life hanging by a thread, Yuan Yutang didn't dare to hold back, and yelled angrily, "Astronomical giant dragon, come out and help me kill the enemy!"

"Ang~"

In an instant, Qingyue Dragon's chant resounded throughout the Shura Garden, and a violent storm raged for a mile around. The majestic and huge figure of the astronomical giant dragon emerged out of thin air, and unstoppably slammed into the clapping Demon Buddha.

Boom~

In an instant, as if the earth was shaking and the mountains were shaking, the celestial giant dragon and the magic Buddha were wiped out together at the moment of collision, and the battle was tragic beyond imagination.

The fatal crisis is temporarily resolved, even if he is as bold as Yuan Yutang, he can't help but let out a sigh of relief.

It's a pity that he didn't wait for him to be happy for a long time, and he heard Budai monk laughing wildly:

"Hahaha, brat, do you think you can sit back and relax after getting rid of the aura of the Demon Buddha? That's too naive, as long as the poor monk has a breath, he can immediately gather ten or hundreds of statues for you!"

Yuan Yutang looked for the sound in horror, and sure enough, as Budai monk said, dozens of hideous and terrifying demon Buddhas appeared behind Budai monk in an instant, and his face darkened.

Monk Budai seems to particularly like to appreciate the desperate expression of his prey struggling to death. The more Yuan Yutang struggles, the more excited he is. may be sucked away.

Dozens of newly formed Demonic Buddhas also charged forward at the same time, as if they were planning to deal with Yuan Yutang in one go.

With the inexplicable suction and the Demon Buddha Legion working together, Yuan Yutang suddenly smelled the smell of death.

Monk Budai can easily gather the aura of a hundred demons and Buddhas, but he doesn't have the ability to summon so many celestial dragons to fight against the enemy, and that strange stomach is the biggest threat.

If he doesn't have a stronger hole card, it's only a matter of time before he fears defeat and dies.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was about to be blasted into meat paste by the Demon and Buddha Legion, or sucked into the strange stomach, unexpectedly, at such a critical juncture, he actually made an unexpected move.

At the very moment, Yuan Yutang disperses his mana suddenly, and his body is like a kite with a broken string, and he is engulfed by a strong suction force and leaps forward in an instant.

In an instant, he passed through the army of Mofo and rushed towards Budai monk involuntarily.

Monk Budai was overjoyed when he saw this, thinking that Yuan Yutang had given up resistance and was about to suck him into his stomach pouch to taste fresh flesh and blood.

Unexpectedly, in the next moment, the excited expression froze on his face.

Yuan Yutang is a ghost

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Meiban disappeared halfway, and when he reappeared, he was behind Budai Monk.

It's eight steps to catch the cicada again!

The reason why Budai monk was frozen was because a foreign object was stuck in his open stomach bag.

An exquisite and simple silver cross, which is not common in Daxia, was firmly fixed in his stomach.

"By the command of the Lord, purify the evil spirits in the world, Amen!"

With a solemn expression, Yuan Yutang quickly recited an unheard-of prayer, and then the Budai monk behind him burst into a terrified scream.

"Ah, please forgive me~"

A majestic, holy and bright white holy light swallowed the screams of Budai monk, and spread out like a tide in an instant, covering the entire Shura Garden in an instant.

"Wow~"

"Roar~"

"Yeah~"

Countless old demons trapped half-dead in the huge cocoon of the soul-locking demon fern were unfortunately affected by the vast holy light, and they only had time to let out desperate screams before they were reduced to ashes.

Yuan Yutang, who was in the holy light, only felt the stinging pain in his eyes, and covered his eyes in pain and lay down.

When the holy light was gone, Yuan Yutang got up from the ground and stared at a pair of red eyes, barely able to see the surrounding things clearly, and couldn't help being shocked beyond measure by what he saw.

I saw the huge magic fern that was extremely tall, with its branches and leaves covering the sky, not to mention the plentiful vines and the giant cocoons hanging from it before, even the broad leaves the size of a house were gone. , looks horrible.

What's even more frightening is that within a radius of ten miles, it was almost razed to the ground.

And there was no trace of the invincible and fierce Budai monk, and the bright cross that was still shining in the afterglow was suspended in the air, and it took a long time before it wobbled and fell down.

Yuan Yutang endured the sharp pain in his eyes, and stared firmly at the bright cross on the ground with a restrained luster, which was inferior to ordinary silverware.

This, is this the true power of the peerless artifact that can suppress the demon king Lan Kun and Bu Zhoushan?

so scary~

After the shock, Yuan Yutang's first reaction was to regret, a heartbroken and profound regret.

If he had known how powerful the Bright Cross was, he wouldn't have provoked Budai Monk and the others.

After liberating the remnant soul of Ornov, the apostate ascetic in the Western Continent, in the secret territory of the Tianmen Attic, he got the correct way to use the Bright Cross, thus miraculously suppressing and killing the two big monsters, the troll and Sashapo.

At that time, Ornov's remnant soul instinct dominated the use of the Bright Cross, so he didn't feel much afterwards.

After that, the Bright Cross and the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" transformed into forms to suppress the demon king's remnant soul and the two related artifacts Yu Lingtai Consciousness Sea, and never had the opportunity to really use the Bright Cross.

He never thought that the power of the Bright Cross would be so shocking, completely beyond his imagination.

If you keep it until you succeed in stealing the ginseng boy, wouldn't you have no worries at all?

Now that the power of the Bright Cross that has been stored for more than three hundred years has been consumed at one time, it is impossible to count on this super powerful holy weapon in a short time.

The more he thought about it, the worse he suffered, and Yuan Yutang inexplicably felt a pity that he wanted to cry but had no tears.

Just as he was thinking wildly, there was a sudden sound of Yujian flying through the air in the distance.

Yuan Yutang's expression froze, and he hurriedly sandwiched the bright cross on the ground into the "Tiangang Secret Technique" that he kept close to him, and then hurriedly transformed back into Zhou An's appearance, and fell to the ground pretending to be unconscious.

After he finished all this, a few figures fell in midair.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		