

Few people seem to have visited the woods, and the weeds grow almost waist high. The night wind passes through the forest, rolling up the fallen leaves on the ground, and blowing a frightening rustling sound.

Unlike other places where wild beasts come and go at night, the woods are dead silent, without the slightest buzzing of insects and birds, and the surroundings are filled with an unbearable depression.

Ever since entering the woods, Yuan Yutang felt an inexplicable sense of peeping.

It was as if something was coveting in the dark.

Yuan Yutang guarded all directions, not daring to relax in the slightest, and walked slowly and cautiously.

Click, click~

The faint sound of the soles of the shoes crushing the rotten leaves was infinitely amplified, as if it was ringing in my heart.

The deeper you go, the stronger that sense of inexplicable peeping becomes.

Yuan Yutang raised his vigilance to the limit, and instinctively operated his supernatural power of exhaling wind, allowing the ubiquitous wind to replace his consciousness, so as to ensure timely response to any emergencies.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's body tensed up suddenly, and his expression was extremely solemn.

A rustling sound of playfulness was brought to Yuan Yutang's ears by the passing wind:

"Hee hee hee, someone is here, someone is here..."

"It looks so delicious, how will you eat it later?"

"Steaming, steaming is the most authentic and delicious."

"It's better to grill, the skin is crispy and the meat is tender, and the mouth is full of oil~"

"I want thighs~"

"I want a waist~"

"I want……"

Yuan Yutang's immature face disguised as Zhou An suddenly darkened.

How dare you!

Since his debut, no monster has dared to discuss how to share his food in front of him so arrogantly, it simply doesn't take him seriously!

Anger rose slowly, but Yuan Yutang retreated vigilantly and orderly.

There is no way, the whereabouts of Shentongzi have not been found out yet, so at this time, you must not be arrogant.

If you accidentally draw Qingtian Peak's attention, the loss outweighs the gain.

It's just that he has the heart to forbear, but the monster hiding in the dark doesn't appreciate it.

puff.

The back road, which was supposed to be unimpeded, was inexplicably blocked by a huge boulder, which blocked the way all of a sudden.

Suddenly Yuan Yutang's expression turned ugly.

Too much deception!

Does the tiger think it is a sick cat if it doesn't show off its power?

In an instant, a sinister smile appeared on the corner of Yuan Yutang's mouth, his fingers popped out one after another, and several wind blades shot through the air like bullets.

"Wow wow~"

Suddenly, there was a scream of chickens flying and dogs jumping in the forest.

Yuan Yutang took the opportunity to fly out of the woods at top speed, and returned to the dormitory before he was discovered.

"What happened?"

"It seems that something happened to the Third Patriarch's human plantation!"

"Go and see."

As soon as Yuan Yutang slipped onto the bed, an anxious conversation sounded outside the house.

Chen Changsheng, who had been terrified for half the night, saw that this ancestor was finally willing to come back, he couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief, and was about to reprimand him.

bump!

The door of the dormitory was roughly pushed open, and Sun Yi rushed in with a cold face, carrying a gust of cold wind, and shouted, "Assemble, all come together!"

The freshmen and disciples, whose dreams were in full bloom, woke up one after another, put on warm robes in a daze, and were taken outside the dormitory to assemble.

Sun Yi's cold eyes fell on the crowd like knives, and anyone who passed by his eyes could not

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Improperly excited.

Besides Sun Yi, there was also a middle-aged man with a bad face who also came to the scene. Judging by his clothes, he was obviously also in charge.

After counting the number of people expressionlessly, Sun Yi said calmly, "There should be ninety-two newcomer disciples, but there are actually ninety-two disciples, and none of them is absent. Now, the suspicion can be ruled out, right?"

The steward with a big black mole on his face inexplicably passed over the anxious newcomers one by one, with a contemptuous smile on his face, he answered the wrong question, "Brother Sun, the quality of the newcomers this year doesn't seem to be very good. You have to work harder, so you don't get blamed by the head for failing the year-end assessment."

Sun Yi seemed to dislike the man with the mole in front of him very much, he snorted coldly, and regarded him as air.

The steward of the mole looked upset, but he resisted the attack.

After about two sticks of incense, an outer disciple wearing a navy blue robe flew over from the woods and whispered to Sun Yi and the others.

"How dare!"

As soon as the outer disciple finished speaking, Steward Hei Mo yelled angrily in vain.

"The plantation garden is the last legacy left by the Third Patriarch after his death. It took nearly 50 years for the entire clan to raise eight one-eyed boys. I didn't expect that five one-eyed boys were injured tonight. It's unreasonable! "

As he said that, the steward of the mole looked at the gloomy Sun Yi with a smile on his face, "Although the plantation garden is not under the jurisdiction of Brother Sun, the area under the jurisdiction of Brother Sun is the closest to the plantation garden. I'm afraid it's hard to escape the blame, right?"

After hearing this, Sun Yi burst into anger, and cursed secretly in his heart, because the man with the black mole was the caretaker of the plantation garden.

Relying on his backing, he has been eating vegetarian food all the time, and now something goes wrong, and he actually tries to throw the blame on himself, how can he bear it?

Sun Yi immediately retorted, "Boss Lin's words are wrong. The order Sun received from the elder of the steward's hall clearly stated that he only needs to be responsible for the training and assessment of new disciples. If you follow your logic, wouldn't it be a hundred years old?" Sun is responsible for the withered flowers and plants in the garden?"

"Oh~" Hei Mole Forest Manager made a sudden realization, and sneered sullenly, "It turns out that the plantation garden is the same as the ordinary flower and grass wasteland in Sun Brother's mind. question~"

"Everyone, Hugh is spitting blood!"

The more Lin Heimo talked, the more unbearable he became, and Sun Yi finally couldn't help breaking his defenses and yelling.

Being scolded as an idiot in public, especially in front of a group of new disciples who had just started, Lin Heimo, who was already narrow-minded, couldn't hold back his face, his momentum was in vain, and two pocket flying swords flew out from his wide sleeves, Pointing at Sun Yi like a poisonous snake, he twisted his voice coldly, "Sun Yi, either apologize or bleed, choose one!"

Sun Yi was stunned for a moment, then looked up to the sky and laughed, and stopped abruptly after a few times, his feet suddenly kicked, a three-foot long sword made of mud and rocks quickly formed, Sun Yi grabbed it, and shouted tit for tat, "A certain family Just scolding you, how do you treat it? Still wanting a certain family to apologize to you, you are worthy of threatening a certain family?"

In the hearts of the ancients, fame and face are more important than life.

Sun Yi's words that completely tore his face were like putting himself and Lin Hei Mole on a fire grill.

At this point, one of the two must fall to wash away the shame of each other.

"enough!"

Just when the sword was on the verge of breaking out, a loud rebuke suddenly came from the night sky, attracting everyone's attention.

In the pitch black night sky, there was a man riding the wind with his sword coming, his clothes fluttering, his face was childlike and his hair was like a fairy coming down to earth.

Sun Yi and the two who were on the verge of attack were immediately taken aback when they saw the black-haired old man approaching, hurriedly put away their weapons, bowed respectfully and said, "I have seen the third elder."

The novice disciple was a little slow to react, and hurriedly imitated Sun Yi and the two bowing to the end, saying, "Disciple has met the third elder!"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The third elder, who was in an unfathomable realm, first returned his greetings to the panicked newcomer disciples kindly, but when he faced Sun Yi and the other two, he didn't have the slightest expression on his face, and angrily scolded, "I don't know what to do! How can you be so disrespectful in public? How is weapon fighting different from that of a scorpion?"

"Go back to the wall and face the wall for ten days, this old man, and you will be fined half a year's salary!"

No matter how unwilling Sun Yi and Lin Heimu were, they did not dare to disobey the wishes of the third elder, and accepted the orders and were punished.

Yuan Yutang hid in the crowd and secretly watched the play. When he heard the third elder's final punishment, he curled his lips in disdain.

The third elder did things unfairly.

It seems that they each play 50 big boards, but they are actually helping Lin Hei Mo to cover up the fact that he has neglected his duty.

Hearing what Lin Heiji said just now, the one-eyed boy who was injured by him seemed very precious.

Such a big dereliction of duty is skipped so lightly, what is it if it is not blatant favoritism?

Yuan Yutang peeped at Sun Yi's back secretly clenched fist, thoughtfully.

It seems that where there are people, there are rivers and lakes, and where there are rivers and lakes, there are struggles. Even Qingtianfeng, the ancestor of the sword fairy who is detached from the world, cannot escape from vulgarity.

Sun Yi didn't seem to have much background, so he was suppressed everywhere.

Hee hee, good news!

The more difficult Sun Yi's life was, the more chance he had to abduct Sun Yi.

If Sun Yi's cultivation is highly valued, unless his brain is flooded, it is absolutely impossible to abandon Qingtian Peak and choose to join Jingshan Sect.

A turmoil unintentionally caused by Yuan Yutang ended with the appearance of the powerful third elder.

Because Sun Yi, who was in charge of newcomer management, was punished to face the wall for ten days, the matter of visiting the outer gate was also postponed until Sun Yi left the customs to set a time.

The newcomer disciples who had been dragged out of the dream to blow the cold wind for half the night returned to the dormitory full of complaints, and fell asleep as soon as they touched the bed.

Yuan Yutang yawned and even Tiandi was about to go to bed, but Chen Changsheng, who had been holding back all night, held him tightly.

"Brother Chen, the night is getting dark, can't we talk about it tomorrow morning?" Yuan Yutang whispered helplessly.

Chen Changsheng stared in the darkness, shook his head sternly and refused, "If you don't speak clearly, you won't be able to sleep tonight."

Yuan Yutang replied with a wry smile, "Brother Chen, what do you want to know~"

"Was it you who hurt that one-eyed boy in the human garden?" Chen Changsheng asked solemnly.

Yuan Yutang instinctively wanted to deny it, but when he met Chen Changsheng's extremely serious eyes, he felt something inexplicably, nodded and admitted frankly, "That's right, it's me."

Chen Changsheng was taken aback when he heard the words, as if he hadn't expected Yuan Yutang to be so frank, and he admitted it as soon as he asked.

How could Yuan Yutang, who was nearly thirty years old, not know the intention of Chen Changsheng's insistence on asking?

When young people communicate, the most important thing is a congenial heart, what they care about is an attitude, an attitude that will not treat him as one of their own.

Yuan Yutang did not treat Chen Changsheng as an outsider at all, and told him the biggest secret directly, which moved Chen Changsheng very much.

"So, will you report on me?" Yuan Yutang asked lightly.

This question made Chen Changsheng extremely entangled. He covered his forehead in pain and answered after a while, "I, I don't know."

On the one hand, there is a teacher who changes his destiny, and on the other hand, a friend with unknown motives. The two cannot have both, which makes it difficult for the young Chen Changsheng to adapt.

The corner of Yuan Yutang's mouth curled up in a triumphant arc. Chen Changsheng didn't choose to expose him for his meritorious deeds at the beginning, which shows that he cherishes his friend very much.

"Since you don't know, let it be!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		