

February eighteenth.

The severe winter is gone, everything is back to spring, and it is the time of the year with the most abundant rain.

In the torrential rain, a lonely figure is struggling forward.

Yuan Yutang was drenched in water, his face was blue from the cold, with his arms folded, he staggered and walked mechanically.

If he knew that this trip would encounter the current weird situation, he would not go out this trip if he was killed.

Yuan Yutang is 28 years old this year. As his name suggests, he looks handsome. He is an employee of an Internet company. It is rare to take 15 days of annual leave in one go. After staying at home for a week, he felt bored and simply drove to a certain a forest park.

There is an unattended bookstall at the gate of the park, and the owner of the stall is an old man with a white beard.

After Yuan Yutang bought the tickets, he saw that the old man still hadn't opened a business in the cold weather, so he bought a half-old ancient book out of kindness, and then strolled leisurely in the park.

But as soon as he came out of a narrow path, he was shocked to find himself inexplicably in the thick snow-covered, endless ice field.

Looking back on the road when I never came behind.

The most outrageous thing is that his 1.8-meter-old man has inexplicably turned into a young lady of twelve or thirteen years old.

Besides, except for the ancient book and the baggy clothes, everything on his body disappeared strangely.

Such a strange encounter, combined with his identity as a bookworm for more than ten years, it is not difficult to guess the truth.

If he guessed right, he traveled from the earth to an unknown world.

Before he could figure out the situation, heavy rain suddenly fell, drenching him inside and out.

"Hiss~ ho ho..."

Yuan Yutang, who was trudging through the mud, felt cold to the marrow.

On the loose and muddy road, every time the foot lands, it will sink into the surface of the foot, and every time it moves, it is necessary to pull out the foot hard.

Every time the icy cold north wind brushed against the skin, it felt like being cut by a knife. Coupled with the heavy rain, the body temperature was seriously lost, and the hunger was unbearable, almost to the point of exhaustion.

"No, in this environment, if you don't find a place to shelter from the rain, I'm afraid you will freeze to death in the wild."

It’s just that things didn’t work out as expected. Looking around, it’s flat. Where can I find shelter from the rain?

and many more!

Yuan Yutang was shocked suddenly, and tried to look forward with his eyes wide open.

In the blurry rain, there seemed to be the outline of a small forest ahead.

After being stunned for a moment, Yuan Yutang immediately became ecstatic.

With hope in front, he exhausted his last strength and limped towards the woods.

Just when he entered the grove, he suddenly heard a faint whimper coming from the depths.

The whimpering sound became more and more clear with the cold wind, Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth suddenly, and decided to find out.

Carefully following the sound, Yuan Yutang soon saw the true face of Lushan who made the noise.

"Huh, it turned out to be a yellow skin..."

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief, and muttered to himself.

A dozen or so meters ahead, there was a struggling yellow-skinned dog hanging on the branch of a birch tree. Its slender face was full of panic, and its sharp beak made sharp chirping sounds from time to time.

Taking a closer look, Yuan Yutang found that the yellow leather child was caught by the gap between the branches of the tree just right at the waist and abdomen, so it couldn't bear the force from front to back, neither turned over nor broke free.

It must be that Huang Pizi stumbled and fell when climbing a tree to pick the fruit on the canopy, and got stuck between the branches.

If you ignore it, this yellow-skinned child will definitely starve to death here.

Seeing the struggling Huang Pizi, Yuan Yutang inexplicably thought of his current situation, and felt a sense of sympathy for each other.

Since he met her by fate, it's time to save her!

After making up his mind, Yuan Yutang immediately ran to the tree and climbed up clumsily.

Huang Pizi, who was already in shock, was even more terrified when he saw Yuan Yutang's appearance, but he was struggling to no avail, and he was so sad that he shed tears in a humane way.

Yuan Yutang finally climbed to the height of two feet where Huang Pizi was, and when he saw Huang Pizi weeping in terror, he couldn't help smiling and scolding, "You little thing, I really don't know what to do, I worked so hard to come to rescue you!" , you don't appreciate it."

Then a miraculous scene happened.

Huang Pizi, who was crying heartbroken just now, seemed to be able to understand people's words. Hearing this, he stopped crying, and his small mung bean-sized eyes stared straight at Yuan Yutang, and there seemed to be a wing of hope in his eyes. and pleading.

Yuan Yutang was taken aback by this weird scene, and couldn't help but feel hairy. Then he remembered that creatures like Huang Pizi have always been evil. Could it be that this seemingly harmless little guy in front of him is a monster?

No, no, no, monsters are all nonsense, don't scare yourself.

Yuan Yutang quickly put the absurd thoughts behind him, and said with a forced smile, "Don't worry, I'm going to rescue you, the process may be a bit painful, bear with it and it will pass, you have to be obedient and know?"

Unexpectedly, Huang Pizi actually nodded after hearing this, and he stopped struggling, relaxed his body, and acted as if he would cooperate to the end, which made Yuan Yutang's scalp go numb in shock.

At this point, Yuan Yutang complained in his heart, but he didn't dare to give up halfway.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang squatted down to maintain his center of gravity, stepped on the tree pole with both feet, grasped the tree branch with his left hand to maintain balance, and slowly stretched out his right hand towards Huang Pizi.

Huang Pizi seemed to trust Yuan Yutang very much, allowing him to reach out and grab his small body without struggling.

Yuan Yutang felt that holding the yellow leather bag was like holding a small stove, and he almost forgot about the warmth.

He hurriedly came back to his senses, and tried to pull up the yellow leather.

Unexpectedly, Huang Pizi got stuck really tightly, and the skin and flesh rubbed against the rough bark, causing Huang Pizi's facial features to twist into a ball in pain.

Long-term pain is worse than short-term pain. Yuan Yutang knew that the longer the delay, the more suffering Huang Pizi would suffer.

"Jiujiu, woo~"

Huang Pizi suddenly suffered from pain, and involuntarily let out a sharp scream.

Fortunately, it was successfully pulled out.

Yuan Yutang carefully held Huang Pizi, who was trembling with pain, in his arms, and slowly climbed down.

After landing, Yuan Yutang had time to observe the yellow leather in his arms.

The curly yellow leather hair is shiny and shiny, the small body is about the size of an arm, with a small nose, small eyes and small paws, dragging a long tail, the fur on the waist and abdomen is turned out, and there are dark red bloodstains spreading.

"Hehe, naughty little thing, let's see if you dare to be greedy again in the future." Yuan Yutang smiled and cursed and tapped Huang Pizi's head lightly with his finger.

After sending the Buddha to the west, Huang Pizi was rescued, and Yuan Yutang didn't care to help him deal with his injuries.

After tearing off a corner of his clothes, Yuan Yutang carefully bandaged Huang Pizi's wound, and then put it on the ground.

Huang Pizi, who had been overwhelmed, slowly stood up, tilted his head, and looked curiously at the savior in front of him with his two round eyes.

Yuan Yutang rubbed his nose and smiled, "You and I met by accident, since you are fine, you should go home with peace of mind, and see you again if there is a destiny in the future."

After hearing this, Huang Pizi stood up spiritually, clasped his two small paws together, and bowed respectfully to Yuan Yutang three times, as if to repay his life-saving, he jumped up immediately, back and forth a few times, quickly disappeared into the woods.

At this time, the sky was getting dark, the heavy rain gradually subsided but the wind and snow gradually picked up. Yuan Yutang found a dry shelter in the woods, and fell asleep as soon as his buttocks touched the ground.

After an unknown amount of time, Yuan Yutang seemed to dream that the old and the young came to him.

The old man was dressed in brocade clothes and had an extraordinary bearing. He bowed to Yuan Yutang to the end. The younger one was a boy with braids, carved in powder and jade, as beautiful as a porcelain doll. Yuan Yutang saluted.

"Old man Huang Qilang, thank you benefactor for saving the stubborn grandson's life today. I went to sleep to express my gratitude. The wilderness beyond the Great Wall is full of dangers. It is inconvenient for benefactor to travel alone. This old man will prepare some gifts to repay benefactor, and I hope you will accept it." The old man smiled. said.

Yuan Yutang subconsciously wanted to answer, but suddenly woke up, feeling hot in his arms, and hurriedly fished out, it turned out to be the ancient book.

This book is antique, with azure blue hard cover, yellowed and slightly curled pages, and bound with original thick hemp rope.

At this time, the ordinary ancient book was shining brightly, and Yuan Yutang opened the first page.

I saw that it was filled with small tadpole characters densely, and the most amazing thing is that those small characters wandered around like life, and finally after a burst of changes, an image of Yuan Yutang climbing a tree to rescue Huang Pizi and a line of golden characters in seal script were formed:

[In the spring of the seventeenth year of Taikang in the Great Xia Dynasty, saving the descendants of the Baojiaxian, plus three merits...]

Turning to the back, it turned out to be all blank pages.

At this time, it was already the next morning.

Looking at the handsome horse and luggage that suddenly appeared in front of him, and then looking at the picture and gold characters on the first page of the ancient book, Yuan Yutang couldn't regain his senses for a long time.


		