

In the blink of an eye, the strange hand's attack was so fast that Bai Yun didn't react at all, and was grabbed by the wrist fiercely.

Zila~

However, the next moment, a miraculous scene followed.

I saw Baiyun's grasped wrist suddenly burst into bright golden light, and there was a sound of roasting meat in the air.

It is the instinctive defense of Baiyun Body Protector Buddha Light.

The Buddhist school is authentic to ward off all evils, and the strange hand obviously came from a wrong path, and was immediately evaporated by the Buddha's light like snow melting.

Although the crisis was lifted, Bai Yun's frown was not relaxed.

Staring down at the black finger prints on his wrist in a daze, he couldn't help showing a thoughtful expression.


Time went back to the battle of life and death in Liushahe.

Yuan Yutang was so lucky that he successfully used the magical power of Sprinkling Beans and Soldiers with a 50% probability, and the situation was reversed.

There are more than 30 tyrannical magic protectors born out of thin air, suppressing on the spot.

A strong man with a height of more than ten feet will automatically disperse and kill the enemy without Yuan Yutang's order. Whether it is a water beast with sharp claws or a water bird that makes a surprise attack from high altitude, it will not be able to harm a strong man with amazing defense. , death or injury.

The battle situation suddenly showed a one-sided trend.

The water demon who was casting spells in the distance also felt his scalp tingle when he saw more than 30 magic protectors coming out of the sky.

Dao warriors have always been the secret of Taoism. They have the supreme power of ghosts and gods. They are immortal and tireless. The most outrageous thing is that they can automatically capture energy from the void to replenish combat consumption. They are absolutely the most perfect combat weapons.

A Dao soldier is extremely difficult to deal with, not to mention more than 30 people appearing at once.

The water demon could already foresee the failure of the thousands of birds and beasts formation.

It stands to reason that the situation is about to collapse to the point of irreversibility, and the water demon who was only invited to attack Yuan Yutang should have withdrawn immediately.

But it was strangely unwilling to move, and its eyes were full of venomous and fierce light.

Could it be that it also has a hidden hole card, the ability to overwhelm an invincible warrior and turn the situation around?

Yuan Yutang didn't have time to guess the psychological fluctuations of the water demon. The appearance of the magic guardian made him escape from death, and he was taking the time to regain his breath.

In the face of absolute strength, it is difficult for accidents to happen.

In Yuan Yutang's feeling, the magic protectors he summoned this time were more than ten times stronger than the first time. Those waterfowl and beasts who were strong outside but weak in quality were immediately wiped out like melons and vegetables, and they were wiped out in a short time.

After breaking through the formation of thousands of birds and beasts, the magic protector immediately focused his attention on the water demon with a cloudy expression.

With a teleportation, the thirty-six mage protectors instantly surrounded the water demon in an airtight manner.

When he was cornered, the water demon seemed to 'suddenly wake up,' his face was full of fear and he couldn't control himself.

Yuan Yutang, who had regained his strength, was supported by a huge magic guardian, and Shi Shiran came to the center of the encirclement, condescendingly gazing at the water monster who was in panic all day long, feeling inexplicably happy in his heart.

It was the one that pushed itself into a desperate situation just now. I didn't expect that Feng Shui would turn around and the situation would turn so quickly.

All of a sudden they switched places, now he is Daozu, and the water demon is fish.

This feeling of controlling life and death...

What a cool word! !

"Really, Maestro, please forgive me..."

Just when Yuan Yutang was feeling secretly, the water demon unexpectedly begged for mercy, which woke Yuan Yutang up suddenly.

In the short fight just now, the water demon gave him the feeling that he was so arrogant, how could such an arrogant person beg for mercy?

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang felt a little doubt in his heart.

But before he could find out what the problem was, the water demon said again, "As long as the real person can walk around me and not die, I am willing to turn to the light and help the real person save his friends who are in trouble."

The water demon's words hit Yuan Yutang's heart like a sharp sword.

Under the safety of Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi, he didn't care to distinguish why the water demon

Sudden temperament change, now he just wants to find the location of the two friends, and then rescue them from the sea of ​​suffering!

Besides, surrounded by so many magic guardians, not to mention that the water demon is just a big monster, even if it is subverted, it can't turn the sky, so Yuan Yutang is not worried at all that it will be a moth.

Yuan Yutang immediately shouted impatiently, "If you are willing to help me rescue my friend, it is not impossible to avoid death by you, why don't you tell me the secret you know quickly?"

Hearing the words, the water demon seemed to get excited all of a sudden, and then, as if remembering something, suddenly retreated, and said tremblingly, "I dare not hide the real person, the person behind the scenes covers the sky with his hands, and his heart is extremely vicious. The truth, not only can the real person not be able to save his friends as he wished, but it may even implicate the real person..."

Yuan Yutang's eyes turned red all of a sudden, and he gritted his teeth and said, "Just say it, you don't need to be responsible for the consequences, if you dare to murder my friends, this hatred will never be shared!"

The water demon was about to say something more, but was stared at by Yuan Yutang, and he didn't dare to say anything more.

After a moment of hesitation, the water demon gritted his teeth and said, "Since the real man is determined to go his own way, don't blame me for not reminding him in advance! The friend that the real man misses is hidden in..."

Yuan Yutang froze in astonishment.

He heard every word that the water demon said clearly just now, but he didn't hear anything when Yan Chixia and the two were hiding at the end, so he couldn't help feeling dazed.

The next moment suddenly changed.

I saw that the water monster who was trembling like a frightened rabbit a moment ago suddenly became fierce and violent, and with the momentum of thunder, Yuan Yutang was in a daze for a moment and suddenly shot a white light.

The incident happened suddenly and coincided with a trance, Yuan Yutang couldn't react at all.

But if he didn't react, it doesn't mean that the guardians around him couldn't react either.

I saw that the two magic guardians guarding Yuan Yutang's left and right reacted quickly, and instantly waved the magic soldiers in their hands, blocking the incoming white light with the force of a net.

Frightened by this, Yuan Yutang was in shock and extremely annoyed.

Sure enough, if you care about it, you will be chaotic, and you will almost be tricked by the water demon.

The magic guardians who were waiting around took action at the moment when the water demon violently attacked, and saw countless thunderous afterimages concentrated on the water demon in an instant.

As strong as the water demon was helpless under such a fierce attack, it was smashed into a pulp in the blink of an eye.

However, the water demon never struggled and resisted uncharacteristically, allowing itself to be blessed by the magic guardian's attack, laughing wildly when its body collapsed:

"Hahaha, ignorant human child, my body is just a pile of fish corpses, so what if you blow it to death? I just see you are not used to it, and I will kill you even if my body is destroyed. What can I do? In the next life, remember to keep a low profile, hahaha~"

These words could not help but make Yuan Yutang wary of Dasheng.

Before I had time to think about it, a deadly sense of crisis suddenly hit my heart.

Immediately, he was terrified to find that the white light that was supposed to be intercepted by the two mage protectors, actually passed through the magic soldiers without any loss of momentum as if passing through the air, and pierced into his chest in the blink of an eye.

Pooh!

Amidst the clear sound of sharp objects entering the flesh, Yuan Yutang was shocked to find that a white bone feather arrow was stuck in his chest, which was as crystal clear as snow.

"Hahaha, if you can die with a hundred shots, and you can die under the unstoppable nail-in-the-nail arrows, you deserve to die!!"

The water demon, with only half of its head left, was still laughing wildly, and soon the ear-piercing laughter stopped abruptly, and it was blown to pieces by the furious magic protector.

However, although the water demon is extinct, Yuan Yutang is in great trouble.

Yuan Yutang, who was sweating profusely, looked at the bones and feather arrows sticking out of his chest in horror, and couldn't help but think of a secret anecdote he had heard when chatting with Yan Chixia before.

"...It is said that there are four holy weapons for assassination in Jianghu, which are the throat nail with bad marrow, the soul-destroying hook, the soul-flying needle and the nailed bone arrow..."

"...These four assassination artifacts have long been extinct, and can only be found in the extremely ancient classics and storyteller's words.

Occasionally, I have heard... It is said that once the four great assassination artifacts are released, as long as they have not yet attained enlightenment and ascended, there is nothing to hide from, and there is no way to avoid it. ! "

Hehe, gods can't help...

Yuan Yutang felt cold in his heart.

Unexpectedly, there are all kinds of defenses, but the water demon can't prevent the heart-nailed bone arrow, one of the assassin's holy weapons that has been extinct for a long time.

No wonder even the magic guardians can't stop it...

A sense of collapse from the depths of the soul kept coming from the wound, letting Yuan Yutang know that the Nailed Heart and Bone Arrow really lived up to its reputation, and that he was about to die.

With his life hanging by a thread, Yuan Yutang no longer had the heart to control the magic protector. The magic protector dissipated in an instant, and he also fell heavily into the quicksand river with fast currents.

At the moment before sinking to the bottom of the river, Yuan Yutang was still wondering.

Could it be...

Is my journey to another world coming to an end?

Before he could find out the answer, his consciousness was swallowed by the endless cold and dark river.


At a fork in the river five hundred miles away from the Liusha River, a big fish with strange sores on its body jumped out of the water, and then made a shockingly loud noise, and said:

"Hahaha, this seat is a noble water elf born from Jiangyang Dachuan, as long as there is still a trace of true energy, you can be reborn in water!"

"Yuan Yutang, so what if you can summon the supreme guardian of Taoism? Haven't you been plotted to death by me?"

"Hahaha, what are you fighting with this seat? You've been hit by a nailed bone arrow, let's see if you're still alive~~"

In addition to spouting people's words, this big fish can also hang in the air strangely.

This big fish was possessed by a water demon!

The centipede is dead but not stiff. Unexpectedly, the vitality of the water demon is more tenacious, and it is not dead yet.

"Who were you talking about just now? Yuan Yutang?"

Just as he was getting carried away, the water demon floating in the air suddenly heard a cold voice behind him, and was startled.

You must know that although it was severely injured, its spiritual consciousness was not compromised at all. It also knew that the beginning of its rebirth was the most vulnerable time, and it had already spread its spiritual consciousness for hundreds of miles, and it was difficult for any trouble to escape its eyes and ears.

At this time, being touched behind silently by someone, the only possibility is that the realm of the comer is above it! !

I didn't expect that I was too excited for a while, but I was targeted by others, the regret in the water demon's heart~

Although self-confidence is not in danger of life, but continuous rebirth is not a thing after all.

A good man doesn't suffer from immediate disadvantages, so the water demon is ready to pretend to be a snake, and maybe he can turn an enemy into a friend with the comer.

But when it turned around and saw a little monkey standing behind him carrying a big iron rod and grinning at him with a strange smile, his heart skipped a beat, and he instantly knew where he was and how divine that monkey was.

Isn't this special girl the one in the legend who was granted by Yuan Yutang Tiankou and then reborn...

Great Sage Equaling Heaven Yokogawa! ! !


		