

"The so-called family has family laws, and the state has national regulations. If you join the immortal family, you will be the immortal family. From now on, you must strictly discipline yourself in every action. Once you break the door rules, don't blame the family for ruthless punishment!"

Under the bright moon, the skinny monkey lectured harshly in front of a hundred children from five to twelve years old.

This child is the newcomer disciple accepted by Qingtian Peak this year.

Yuan Yutang clucked his tongue inwardly amidst it.

This is a bit of an exaggeration. There must be 20,000 if not 30,000 school-age children who come to try their luck today.

I didn't expect to admit this person in the end.

The selection ratio is even more exaggerated than the college entrance examination, which claims that thousands of troops cross the single-plank bridge.

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang felt a strange sense of excitement, like the joy of winning a gold medal.

"Hey, Zhou Ji, a certain family is lecturing, why are you distracted?"

While thinking wildly, a harsh scolding brought him back to reality, and when he looked up, he saw the livid face of the thin monkey man.

Yuan Yutang was slightly taken aback, and hurried out to apologize sincerely, "Yes, I'm sorry, I, I miss my parents~"

Today I don’t know whether it’s the explosion or the actor’s possession. Yuan Yutang’s emotions are tightly controlled, and the tears fall as soon as they are spoken. He interprets the bewilderment, hesitation, and horror of an eight-year-old child when he left his parents for the first time. Lifelike.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's stubborn and pitiful appearance suppressing sobbing, the skinny monkey man couldn't bear it. He originally planned to kill the chicken to make an example to the monkey, but after thinking about it, he decided to forget it.

Slightly softening his face, the skinny monkey man comforted softly, "It's very sad to know the feeling of parting from your parents, but you have to understand that being able to enter the gate of Qingtian Peak is already a great blessing. If you don't cherish , I will regret it for the rest of my life."

As he spoke, he looked around and shouted to the restless children, "It's the same with you. If you want to prove the Tao and become a fairy, you have to sacrifice all your enlightenment. If not, you might as well go home as soon as possible!"

"A certain family asked for the last time, does anyone want to quit?"

The loud and loud words echoed at the foot of the empty mountain with a faint end, as if they had been lingering for three days. Unfortunately, no child was willing to retreat, including Yuan Yutang who had returned to the team.

Only then did the thin monkey man nod his head in satisfaction, and proudly said with his hands behind his back, "Let's go up the mountain with a certain family!"


Yuan Yutang was lying on the Datong bunk with men on the left and right, looking at the dark beams covered with cobwebs, feeling a little dazed for a while.

This feeling of living in a collective dormitory for dozens of people, apart from having seen it in movies and TV dramas, is the first time he has personally experienced it, and he finds it inexplicably novel and interesting.

After going up the mountain tonight, the skinny monkey man, the steward in charge of these new disciples, took them to eat a so-called fairy food.

Compared to most children who were so excited that tears filled their eyes, in Yuan Yutang's opinion, that was the case.

The taste of the dishes is very ordinary, and it can also slightly strengthen the body. To say that the dishes are from Xianjia is to put gold on my face.

Thinking about it makes me feel relieved, where is it the turn of newcomers like them to enjoy the real treasures of heaven and earth.

After the meal, the steward of the thin monkey gave everyone a set of navy blue robes that could barely be called vestments. Although they could not have a good defensive effect like real vestments, they could at least keep them warm in winter and cool in summer.

In addition, each of them received a small wooden sword. Yuan Yutang weighed it and found that the wooden sword was as hard as iron.

Sure enough, the big sect is rich and powerful, even the gift pack for beginners

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

So willing, no wonder so many people are eager to be proud of joining Xuanmen Zhengzong.

In the end, the manager of the thin monkey took them to the dormitory in the outermost area of ​​the Zongmen at the foot of the mountain, and left in a hurry after leaving the words of resting earlier.

The new disciples, who had been depressed all day, chatted happily for half the night, and it was not until the third watch that Lu Xing fell asleep.

However, before dawn, the sullen-faced thin monkey steward gathered the sleepy-eyed newcomers and started the first devil training—a long-distance run on a ten-mile mountain road!

"As the saying goes, all dharmas in the world lead to a common path. Whether it is cultivating immortals or practicing martial arts, good physique and strong will are the most important. You are too weak, don't expect to reach the sky in one step, let someone run obediently !"

The thin monkey steward lazily sat cross-legged on a huge crane, holding a water-milled iron whip, and casually reprimanded the envious eyes of all the newcomers. The iron whip in his hand was like a living snake. Any newcomer who dares to be lazy will inevitably Take a firm whip.

After practically punishing a few thorns, the rest of the children calmed down, no matter how hard and tiring they were, they gritted their teeth and ran the long ten kilometers.

It was hard to finish running the rugged mountain road, but before taking a break, the thin monkey manager showed a devilish smile again, and said something that made the tired newcomers feel like being struck by five thunders:

"Seeing that none of you are blushing or panting, it must be that you haven't trained well. If that's the case, let's play an exciting game!"

As he spoke, he suddenly pointed down the mountain, and the manager of the thin monkey smiled sullenly, "A certain family put fifty pieces of pebbles with imprints on the foot of the mountain this morning, and now you all go to the certain family to find them. Find it, I'm sorry, you don't expect to eat today."

After hearing this, all the newcomers suddenly mourned.

Terrible, from here to the foot of the mountain is at least fifteen miles away, and the round trip is more than thirty miles, and it also includes finding fifty imprinted pebbles scattered somewhere. One can imagine the difficulty, don't worry. It is said that it is a group of half-grown children who are half-tired, even a strong man cannot complete such a demanding task.

"Noisy!"

Just when the newcomers were complaining and protesting, Manager Thin Monkey broke out suddenly, and the whip in his hand turned into a streamer, smashing a boulder the size of a water tank into pieces with a single touch.

Under the horrified eyes of everyone, the thin monkey manager withdrew his iron whip and said with a sneer, "The road of cultivation is like walking against the sky. If you don't even have the most basic belief in facing difficulties, a certain family can say that you will never do it in your life." Promising!"

"Now I give you two choices, either execute the order, or go home and cry to your parents, and then be a hardworking farmer for the rest of your life!"

"Now, the timer starts!"

These extremely heartbreaking words seemed to hurt the self-esteem of the newcomers.

Children at this stage are the most ignorant age, so excited by the thin monkey steward, some precocious newcomers immediately stood up with pain and rushed down the mountain screaming.

Of course, Yuan Yutang was included.

No way, he always felt that the attention of the thin monkey was on him, which made him feel very uncomfortable.

So today he tried to keep a low profile as much as possible, absolutely not being the first bird.

It took a lot of rolling and climbing to get down the mountain, and the people who couldn't even catch their breath were dumbfounded when they saw the scene in front of them.

I saw that at the bottom of the mountain that was still flat yesterday, there were inexplicably more pebbles that were broken like stars, and the number was at least a million or more at a rough calculation.

Want to find those fifty pieces of marked goose eggs in the vast sea of ​​stones

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Stone is simply looking for a needle in a haystack, let alone going up the mountain again within the specified time.

Seeing this, the newcomer disciples, no matter who came first, couldn't help but despair.

Some weak-tempered children even ran to the scene in tears.

Yuan Yutang hid in the crowd, with a thoughtful look in his eyes.

He somewhat understood the intention behind the thin monkey's management.

The road to practice is extremely difficult, and without a firm belief it is absolutely impossible to achieve anything.

Manager Thin Monkey used an obviously impossible test to punish newcomers, apparently to screen out high-quality seedlings with strong physique and strong will.

No matter how big the sect is, the cultivation resources are still limited after all, and it is impossible to openly treat all disciples equally.

Screening out low-quality disciples who are dull and unworthy of training, then resources can be concentrated to cultivate good seedlings.

This is not a good way to select talents.

After Yuan Yutang figured it out, he called an expert directly, but he didn't expect that being an undercover agent would bring unexpected rewards, so he immediately made up his mind to learn more about the management skills of the thin monkey, so that it would be useful when reorganizing the Jingshan sect in the future.

Just when everyone was at a loss, suddenly a kid with thick eyebrows and big eyes, as strong as a calf stood up, raised his arms and shouted, "Brothers cheer up, it is true that we will definitely not be able to complete the test of the steward today, but If we give up now, then the steward will be very disappointed in us..."

"Think about your dreams, think about your ambitions! No matter what you think, I will never give up anyway!"

As he said that, he threw himself into the vast sea of ​​stones, rummaging one by one for the imprinted cobblestones hidden in it.

There seems to be a natural and convincing charm in the strong children. He reawakened the passion in many children who had retreated, and hurriedly followed to find the imprinted pebbles.

Yuan Yutang and Shouhou Guanshi's eyes lit up at the same time, and they secretly called out "good seedlings" from the bottom of their hearts!

Facing difficulties, persevering in spite of all setbacks, and knowing what to do is the core quality that a warlock should have, and it is a good jade worth carving!

Regardless of Shouhou's plan to take charge of the affairs, Yuan Yutang's love for talent was in any case, and he began to think of abducting that strong boy back to the Jingshan sect to become the new generation's first senior brother.

Since the sun went down in the morning, even though the newcomers exhausted all their strength, they could only search less than half of the area, and only found a mere twenty or so cobblestones carved with the imprint of flying swords.

Many newcomers were so exhausted that they collapsed, but just looking at the back of the tall and strong child who was still working hard, they inexplicably developed strength and stood up to continue.

"It's getting late, let's give up today."

The thin monkey steward sat on top of the crane, and ended today's farce indifferently.

"Master Steward!" The tall and strong boy with bloody fingers yelled unwillingly, but was shocked by the thin monkey steward's sharp eyes.

When everyone returned to the dormitory with exhausted bodies and hungry stomachs, they were shocked to find that all the fruit trees planted in the big yard blossomed and bore fruit within a day.

Looking at the rich and attractive variety of sweet fruits, the newlyweds, who were so hungry that their chests were pressed against their backs, rushed forward to grab the fruits with a cheer.

Yuan Yutang had a high opinion of the thin monkey's skillful management methods, and at the same time, a bold and absurd idea came up in his heart uncontrollably:

Since the manager of the thin monkey is so good at managing newcomers, why don't you steal a fart and dig Jingshan sect together with others! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		