

For a moment, everyone was dumbfounded and there was no sound.

After a while, a heart-piercing cry broke the eerie silence.

"Wow, my son~"

Like a mad buffalo, Lin Taiji rushed to the side of Lin Moran whose body was getting colder, picked up the body, and cried heartbreakingly.

But now the focus is not on the grief-stricken Lin Taiji, everyone's eyes are on Yuan Yutang who is calm and breezy.

Yuan Yutang smiled helplessly at the dumbfounded Chen Changsheng, and sat down cross-legged on the spot.

Just now, Chen Chang's life was hanging by a thread, so he had no choice but to kill Lin Moran.

The matter has come to this point, regretting is useless, let's think about how to find a way to deal with the aftermath.

The first to come back to his senses was Si Haoyu. He looked at Lin Tie's dead body, and then at Yuan Yutang who was frowning and thinking, his eyes were very complicated.

"Bastard, pay for my son's life!"

The desperate Lin Taiji let out a terrible roar like a lost calf, and four flying swords flashed out from his sleeves. Six swords were fired together, and they shot towards Yuan Yutang suddenly.

Filled with the pain of bereavement, he didn't care what to say, and his mind was full of thoughts of killing Yuan Yutang to avenge his son.

Sun Yi woke up suddenly, and without even thinking about it, his powerful mana was pushed to the peak in an instant, and he roared sharply, "Earth Sword Spirit, come and help me!"

Suddenly.

The ground under Sun Yi's feet split open suddenly, and a huge rock sword embryo with a length of ten feet broke through the ground, blocking the incoming six flying swords halfway like a city wall.

"Sun Yi, how dare you stop me?" Lin Taiji roared angrily with red eyes, looking like a demon.

Sun Yi twitched a few times, came to Yuan Yutang, and said with a sneer, "Everyone here can see clearly that it was your son who blatantly broke the contract and killed him. The so-called first teaser is cheap, and someone kills you. Still have the face to clamor for revenge?"

"Every man, don't slander my son!"

Lin Taiji stared and roared, mana gushed out like a river bursting a bank, and the six flying swords that had returned in vain glowed like a psychic, and the messy sword energy criss-crossed, like a hurricane scene.

He's going to do his best!

Sensing Lin Taiji's threat, Sun Yi urged his mana not to be outdone, and the broken stones on the ground were lifted up as if they were being lifted out of gravity, and they were quickly assembled into a huge impenetrable stone sword net in an instant.

Seeing the two stewards fight a real fire, a fierce battle is about to break out.

The outer disciples who were enjoying watching the play were all terrified and hurriedly fled the center of the battlefield in a panic, fearing that Chi Yu would be harmed.

Suddenly, a majestic whistle came from far away:

"stop!"

This sound is very sharp, it is like a sword piercing the ear.

Both Sun Yi and Sun Yi, who were fully prepared for the battle, immediately felt a pain in the coffin, and they suddenly woke up.

call out!

A majestic old man with a sword back appeared in the middle of the confrontation between Sun Yi and Sun Yi at some point, and just looked at each other casually, which made the two of them silent, and they couldn't help breaking down their fighting spirit.

"Humph!"

After preventing the situation from deteriorating in time, the old sword-backing master snorted coldly and said slowly, "I have seen the whole story of this matter. Although Zhou An was wrong to kill his brother, but Lin Moran was at fault for the origin of the matter."

"This seat announces that the stewards, Sun Yi and Lin Taiji, have been incapable of discipline, leading to tragedy. They are ordered to be exiled from the sect for five years from today. If they don't kill a thousand demons within five years, they will never die

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

return! "

Said calmly, glanced at Yuan Yutang, who was fidgeting, and the old sword-bearer continued expressionlessly, "As for killing Zhou An, a new disciple of the same sect, because he is eager to save people and made too many mistakes, the death penalty can be avoided. , but living crimes cannot escape, this seat is responsible for..."

"Elder Tantai!"

Before the old man with the back sword finished speaking, Lin Taiji had a sad face and said in a miserable voice, "Yes, this disciple is indeed incompetent, and he deserves any punishment. But my son died innocently and tragically, you must uphold justice for my son, absolutely You can't go around the murderer lightly!"

Sun Yi was very anxious, for fear that Lin Taiji would deceive the old sword-bearer, so he wanted to defend Yuan Yutang when he opened his mouth.

"presumptuous!"

The old man with the sword on his back shouted loudly in vain, a terrible coercion like a mountain and abyss erupted, and even the air flow was suffocated.

Yuan Yutang was startled secretly, thinking that this old ghost is definitely in a fairyland, and his strength is unfathomable.

"As the head of the Discipline Hall, I still need you two juniors to teach me what to do?"

Seeing this, Sun Yi also breathed a sigh of relief, as long as the death penalty can be avoided, the rest will not be a problem.

After intimidating Lin Taiji, Elder Tantai, an old sword-bearer, thought for a while, turned around and came to Yuan Yutang, condescendingly, and said sharply, "Show me the sword that killed Lin Moran just now."

Yuan Yutang didn't know why, but he didn't dare to act rashly, so he secretly raised his vigilance and got up slowly.

This old man is too terrifying, he is not able to match him at all, if something cannot be done for a while, even if he fails in his efforts, he must run for his life as soon as possible.

After having an idea, Yuan Yutang casually picked up another dead branch, cupped his fists sullenly and said, "Elder Tantai, I've offended you!"

After saying that, he suddenly disappeared in place, and appeared behind Elder Tantai like a ghost in the next moment, exactly the same as when he killed Lin Momo just now.

The only difference is that the dead branch that was supposed to pierce through the heart was clamped lightly by Elder Tantai with two fingers.

Yuan Yutang didn't have any accidents, if he couldn't connect with him with a sword, Elder Tantai would not be worthy of the title of elder.

Elder Tantai's eyes were slightly surprised, and he sighed, "The eight-step repelling of cicadas is actually the eight-step repelling of cicadas in the basic swordsmanship. The younger generation is terrifying..."

"what?"

As soon as this remark came out, it immediately detonated the audience.

Basic swordsmanship is an introductory swordsmanship for new disciples to lay the foundation for, while Babu Chasing Cicada is a swordsmanship specially trained for balance and speed. It can't be said that it has no lethality, but it is also negligible.

Everyone present can catch cicadas with eight steps, but they never expected that someone could use the eight steps to catch cicadas to the extreme, so that even Elder Tantai, a master of swordsmanship, was mistaken, it is simply unbelievable.

Sun Yi was also dumbfounded. This guy Yuan Yutang has personally tested his talent, and he doesn't work hard in his daily practice. He just idles around all day long. I didn't expect him to secretly hide this skill, which is outrageous.

"Since Yinghua, Qingtian Peak has not met such a genius in the sky for many years..." Elder Tantai was filled with mixed emotions for a moment.

Just now he thought that Yuan Yutang killed Lin Moran by means of some weird means, but he didn't expect that he used the "Eight Steps to Drive the Cicada" to accomplish this feat, so he couldn't help but fall into a battle between heaven and man.

Originally, he thought that in order to appease Lin Taiji's anger, he planned to destroy Yuan Yutang to the root and then expel him from the sect.

Never expected that Yuan Yutang would be so evil.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

If he and Baili Yinghua can possess the two great geniuses at the same time, he can guarantee that Qingtian Peak will be the leader within a hundred years and will be the best among its generation.

Fortunately, he hesitated for a while, and verified the details of Yuan Yutang's killing of Lin Moran, otherwise, if he accidentally destroyed this good seedling, he would have no face to see his ancestors even after death.

Such a good seedling of genius is hard to come by, and he should have done everything possible to care for him.

However, Yuan Yutang slaughtered his fellow disciples again in full view.

If there is no punishment, the majesty of the Discipline Hall will disappear.

But if the punishment is too heavy and such a genius is ruined, I'm afraid he will become the eternal sinner of Qingtian Peak.

The more embarrassing Elder Tantai was, the more upset he became, and the more upset he was, the more he wanted to vent his anger on others.

Naturally, Lin Taiji, who caused the accident, was inexplicably hated by him.

Just when Elder Tantai was struggling with how to punish Yuan Yutang, Fourth Haoyu, who hadn't spoken for a long time, formed a thread and transmitted a secret voice to Elder Tantai.

Elder Tantai, who had been frowning tightly after hearing this, immediately relaxed his frowning brows and said loudly, "This seat announces that the rookie disciple Zhou Anmu has no discipline and slaughtered his fellow disciples. He should pay for his life for his crimes, but his original intention is to save the The talent killed Lin Moran by mistake, so..."

After a pause, Elder Tantai glared threateningly at Lin Taiji, whose face was becoming more and more ugly, and said slowly, "I am extrajudicial, ordering Yuan Yutang to enter the Demon Prisoner's Cave for 30 days. No harm, the crime will be written off!"

Elder Tantai, as the head of the Discipline Hall, has always been dignified and profound, and he speaks his words, and after making a judgment, even the head can't change it.

And the surrounding people who eat melons were all horrified when they heard the verdict.

If you want to talk about the scariest place in Qingtian Peak, it must be the Prisoner's Nest.

Because Prisoner's Cave is the place where Qingtian Peak has always suppressed and banned monsters, and the monsters locked inside are all extremely vicious characters, even elite disciples from the inner sect stray into it, and they will lose their skin if they don't die.

Yuan Yutang has not even reached the level of a monk, and was sentenced to 30 days in the Prisoner's Cave. Isn't it life and death?

Such a harsh punishment, not to mention the people who eat melons, even Lin Taiji, who wanted to fry Yuan Yutang to pieces, was quite surprised.

Chen Changsheng didn't know the dangers of the Prisoner's Nest, but Sun Yi heard the words as if he had fallen into an ice cave, his face turned pale for an instant, and he instinctively wanted to rush out to intercede for Yuan Yutang.

Unexpectedly, Si Haoyu had quick eyesight and quick hands, and he controlled Sun Yi in an instant, gave him a reassuring look, and signaled not to act rashly.

Sun Yi didn't know that this suggestion was exactly what Si Haoyu suggested, so he grabbed Si Haoyu's hand tightly excitedly, begging him silently to save Yuan Yutang.

Everyone at the scene had different thoughts, only Yuan Yutang, the person involved, was still at a loss.

what's the situation?

Just now he was always ready to break through desperately, why suddenly it seems that the storm has calmed down?

"Come here, send this rebel into the Devil Prisoner's Cave, and check his vitality after 30 days!" Elder Tantai ordered without any doubt.

Fourth Haoyu stubbornly stopped the excited Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng, and after Yuan Yutang was taken down, he said to Lin Taiji, who had an uncertain expression, "Life and death have their own destiny. My condolences to Brother Lin, but the great gift given by Brother Lin today will be returned tenfold the next day."

Lin Taiji grinned grinningly, "If you have the ability, let the horse come here!"

Si Haoyu snorted coldly, and forcibly took away Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		