

Above the ten thousand zhang high sky, the clouds are like the sea, and the stars are clear like washing, just like a fairyland.

Under the sea of ​​clouds, you can see the mountains and rivers. Even the highest goshawk cannot reach this height, which is already a biological forbidden zone.

Suddenly, a huge shadow whizzed past, tearing apart the clouds and stirring up violent winds.

Looking carefully, the vast continent-like shadow turned out to be composed of countless fist-sized giant bees. The huge noise made by the giant bees flapping their wings, if it was on the ground, might shatter a person's eardrums alive.

What's even more unbelievable is that there are still a few figures standing on the black cloud made up of giant bees.

A gorgeously dressed, androgynous old woman.

A slender, charming and dull woman in white.

Two charming and charming nuns with different styles.

The four figures stood opposite to each other with clear distinctions, their expressions as usual standing on top of the giant bee black cloud, ignoring the extreme threat that if they made a mistake, they might fall into a pulp from a height of 10,000 feet.

The old woman with heavy makeup on her face looked unhesitating, and kept silent from beginning to end, looking back to the southwest from time to time, as if she had an inseparable bond.

The two beautiful nuns were smiling, and they always turned a deaf ear to the stinky face put on by the old woman. They were whispering to each other, and occasionally gave a suppressed chuckle, which was in stark contrast to the old woman who was like a low-pressure storm.

The charming woman in white was silent, as motionless as a clay sculpture.

After a while, the old woman said with a hoarse voice, "Two masters, this time, in order to cooperate with your plan, I have lent all the demon spirit barriers that I depend on for my living. Don't forget my contribution. !"

The two beautiful nuns were startled when they heard the words, and then the nun on the left with red phoenix eyes and a bright red beauty mole on the center of her brow raised her palm and saluted, "Amitabha, my Buddha is merciful. Donate benevolently, your selfless dedication, the country Teachers will keep it in their minds and keep it in their hearts, and they will never chill the hearts of meritorious ministers."

After getting the affirmative promise, the old woman calmed down a little.

After a pause, the old woman said in a hoarse and ugly male voice, "Ghost Jianchou has suffered a big somersault this time. The magic encounter ceremony that has been prepared for many years is almost destroyed in one go. It means that all our efforts have been in vain!"

As she said that, the old woman glanced at the two beautifully smiling nuns with a stare in her eyes, "In this case, even though we have the Nine Yin Girls in our hands, without the blessing of the Encountering Demon Ceremony, I'm afraid it would be difficult for us to take advantage of the heavenly gift of the birth of strange demons." This is a good opportunity to destroy the luck of the human race."

"I don't know the two teachers, you, no, it should be the national teacher, do you have a good plan?"

The two nuns looked at each other, smiled silently, and this time changed to the oval-faced nun on the right, with plump lips and nose, and the gorgeous nun replied:

"Amitabha, don't be happy with things, don't be sad with yourself. Since we are destined to have no relationship with strange demons, why should we worry about them?"

"Everything, let nature take its course~"

The old woman's face immediately darkened when she heard the words, and she suppressed her anger and said, "Well, you are too calm, I have been making preparations for more than ten years, can you just let it be and let it go naturally? Even if I am willing to agree, my brother-in-law Hei Shan Lao Yao will never agree!"

The two beautiful nuns seem to be well-mannered, and they remain unmoved even when they are insulted.

The nun with phoenix eyes lowered her eyebrows and said with a pleasing smile, "Benefactor, the Master of the State Teacher is very clever, so you don't need to take this little accident to heart, you have to have confidence in the Master of the State Teacher!"

The nun with plump lips continued, "That's right, heaven and man have their own tricks. Donors can rest assured to wait. Seven days later, on the night of the full moon on August 15th, everything will naturally come to an end."

Although the old woman spoke rudely, that was all. She didn't dare to completely turn against these two beautiful nuns who seemed harmless to humans and animals.

The reason why he threatened his brother-in-law with the tiger skin of Heishan Old Demon was just to defraud the two of them, and to increase his bargaining chip by the way.

Since the two beautiful nuns are still unwilling to relax, let's leave it at that.

Although the nun has a lot of background, her dryad grandmother is not easy to mess with!

In such a treacherous atmosphere that seems to be in harmony with the gods, the giant bee dark cloud quickly recedes.


In the vast wilderness, two groups of light and shadow flew past like thunder, and finally stopped in a valley.

It wasn't until it was confirmed that the enemy was not chasing them that the two lights and shadows transformed into two ragged, disheveled young men and women. Regardless of the uncleanness of the ground, they sat down and panted heavily.

The two of them still can't believe that they actually made a big somersault in that wilderness.

This made it difficult for them who were noble and arrogant to accept.

"hateful!"

The bun was parted, and the handsome man with blue and purple faces burst into anger suddenly, and couldn't help smashing a huge rock as big as a house in front of him with a punch.

It's just that this didn't calm his anger, but instead affected his injuries, and he fell to the ground like an electric shock and convulsed continuously.

The beautiful woman on the side had no time to care about her companion's injuries, she stood up abruptly, straightened her body like a frightened beast, and yelled at the front left, "Who is spying there?"

The handsome man was suddenly startled, and he turned his head to look in the direction the beautiful woman was looking at, ignoring the pain of cramp like a thousand cuts.

The next moment, a graceful figure quietly walked out from the shade of the lush trees, and said coldly, "When will the descendants of my Qingqiu Kingdom be so destitute that they can only be powerless and furious?"

This sentence was like a knife piercing into the heart, and immediately angered the pair of golden boys and girls who were defeated in a fight.

"To shut up!"

"court death!"

Suddenly, behind the handsome men and women, tall and tall fox figures appeared one after another. In an instant, two balls of light, one blue and one blue, shot towards the blurred figure like fire.

"Humph!"

Facing the two six-tailed big demon foxes attacking with all their strength, the strange beauty didn't panic at all and snorted quietly.

The next moment, a spectacle that shocked the eyes of the two demon foxes happened.

I saw an invisible force spreading like a hurricane and sweeping in all directions, covering the entire valley in an instant.

The wind stopped, the fallen leaves were frozen in the air, the two supernatural powers were also blocked in the air, and everything in the valley was frozen by invisible forces.

The two demon foxes were terrified and lost control of their bodies in an instant. The only thing they could move was their thoughts.

This, this turned out to be the legendary frozen time?

how is this possible?

Since the fall of the Nine-Tailed Sky Fox, the ancestor of the Qingqiu Kingdom, no creature in the world can reproduce the mysterious and infinite time-frozen domain.

Could it be that there is another genius who has realized the supernatural power of the time domain?

Looking at the expressions of the two, Li Ren knew that they were thinking about it, and couldn't help but sighed, "No wonder humans always say that there are no three generations of wealth and honor, and one generation is not as good as one generation. It seems that the sages of the human race really have insight into the truth of the world. Miss me Qingqiu How powerful the Fox Kingdom was at the beginning, I didn’t expect that only two thousand years later, the descendants would be so dull, it’s really sad and deplorable.”

As soon as these words came out, the hearts of the two demon foxes suddenly trembled, and at the same time, an incredible thought appeared in their minds:

Could it be...

Could this mysterious person be the Nine-Tailed Sky Fox? ?

All of a sudden, the two demon foxes were at war, too excited to be themselves.

You can't go wrong, you can't go wrong!

This kind of boldness, this kind of demeanor, and that iconic time-freezing field...

God bless me, Qingqiu Fox Country, my family should prosper, and the merits are now! !

If it weren't for being unable to move, the two demon foxes would have burst into tears, and would prostrate themselves on the ground most piously and kiss the toes of the mysterious person who is suspected to be the ancestor of the sky fox.

Although he couldn't see his face clearly, he could clearly feel the helplessness of the mysterious person.

It was a feeling of helplessness that the elders felt when they saw that the younger generation was worthless.

Sighing faintly, the mysterious man waved his plain hand, the invisible force field disappeared immediately, the wind flowed again, and the leaves fell again, except for the two clusters of magical light in the air that dissipated soundlessly.

The two demon foxes felt light all over, and they regained their freedom in an instant.

They knelt down and walked forward at the same time, hugging the mysterious man's arms.

Thighs wailed loudly.

"Oh, oh, the heavens have eyes, let the ancestor return to the world, you don't know how much your descendants miss you~ Without you, our Qingqiu country can only stand on its laurels, in order to maintain the status of the king of the monster clan, oh ow ow ~"

Both of them were obviously grown-ups, but they cried heart-rendingly, worse than children.

The mysterious man frowned in disgust, and seeing her move, the handsome man and beautiful woman were silently shaken away.

"Okay, put away your cowardly faces!"

The mysterious man scolded coldly, and the handsome man and the beautiful woman fell silent immediately, not only not afraid, but also very happy.

The Qingqiu Fox Country has been closed for thousands of years. Outsiders may not know their details, but their own family knows their own affairs. Of course they understand that closing the country is just a helpless move.

At the beginning, Qingqiu Fox Country was at its peak, coercing the whole world, making all monsters subdue.

It's a pity that the feng shui took turns. At that time, the fox country in Qingqiu was so beautiful, but then it became so desolate.

Relying on the backing of the nine-tailed sky fox before, the entire Qingqiu fox tribe turned their attention, not paying attention to the heroes of the world.

After the nine-tailed sky fox fell, the sky would undoubtedly fall.

In order to avoid being besieged by the crowd, and to save the last face, the elders of the Fox Kingdom had no choice but to order the country to be closed.

Who doesn't want to be born in a world of flowers and flowers, and who wants to live in the quiet and boring fox country for a lifetime?

It's not that I don't want to, but helplessness.

Even if it is necessary to go out of the human world occasionally, the Qingqiu Fox Clan can only pretend to be arrogant and domineering as much as possible, in order to maintain that poor dignity.

Now that the rain has finally passed and the sky is clear, and finally looking forward to the return of the holy ancestor, how can the two fox demons not be so excited?

Seeing the downcast appearance of the two disdainful descendants, no matter how much anger the mysterious person had in his heart, there was nowhere to vent it out.

Blood is thicker than water, broken bones are still connected to muscles.

You can't kill future generations just because they don't grow up, right?

Besides, why is it that she has no responsibility for the reason why the Qingqiu Fox Country has fallen to where it is today?

Thinking of this, she couldn't help softening her heart, and said softly, "Don't cry anymore, my ancestor is back, I will support the sky when it falls!"

The two fox demons were overjoyed when they heard the words, and they were about to please the ancestor again.

Unexpectedly, a gust of night wind blew slowly at this time, blowing away the floating clouds in the sky and dispelling the surrounding shadows, allowing them to see the true face of the ancestor on Mount Lu.

It's okay not to look at it, but it almost didn't scare them into fainting.

The revived and reborn ancestor actually ran away from home...

Little princess? ? ?


		