

"Stinky fox, you dare to act wildly in Grandpa's territory, and peeled your fox skin for a cloak!"

There was an earth-shattering roar from the raging sandstorm, and the next moment a giant hand made of yellow sand and as big as a mountain suddenly took shape, and it was shot like a mountain top.

Two flashes of cold lightning flashed in the blue giant fox eyes of the handsome man, before he could recall the guardian blood beast that was entangled with the tentacles of the swamp iron crocodile, a giant tail on the back of his butt suddenly straightened and emitted a blazing white light.

"Sky Fox Supernatural Power—Nine Suns Burning the Sky!"

Suddenly, the endless white light turned into nine violent suns, which circled and connected with each other, and smashed towards the giant hand of the yellow sand.

boom!

In an instant, the Nine Suns and the giant hands of the yellow sand collided with each other with a bang, blasting out a radiant glow, and a terrible wind of magnitude 15 or higher blew up on the scene, and all the trees within a mile radius were uprooted. Torn to shreds.

There is still a difference between supernatural powers and supernatural powers.

I saw the terrible high temperature erupting from Jiuyang, and the giant yellow sand hands melted like ice and snow in an instant, and they were defeated.

"Ah~ Damn it!"

A dull cry of pain came from the whistling sandstorm, obviously the big monster hidden in it suffered a big loss.

But without waiting for the sandstorm to counterattack, a blue light flashed like a thunderbolt, piercing into the turbulent yellow sand swiftly and fiercely.

The sandstorm that covered half of the sky stopped suddenly, and in the next moment countless blue lights sprung up from the inside like mushrooms after rain, piercing it with holes in it.

"Ah~"

The boundless yellow sand quickly disillusioned, and a half-illusory figure was thrown out of the sandstorm in vain, and hit the ground suddenly.

That is surprisingly a sand demon that is rare in the world from an elf to a demon! !

A disdainful sneer was drawn at the corner of the blue giant fox's mouth, and he immediately cast a thankful look at the green gold giant fox who was trembling with the swamp iron crocodile, and then let out a long roar, and rushed to the place where the sand demon fell, and was about to kill the grass.

The two Qingqiu foxes are in the same line, they act in a tacit understanding, and they cooperate seamlessly with each other. How can a temporarily united mob such as the sand demon and the swamp iron crocodile be an opponent.

In an instant, he fell into a disadvantage, and was beaten by two Qingqiu fox demons without any power to fight back.

Seeing that the sand demon and the swamp iron crocodile were about to be defeated and killed.

In the nick of time, it was almost razed to the ground, and countless lumps of soil suddenly appeared on the riddled ground, and then the dense clay figurines broke through and rushed towards the two Qingqiu fox demons with their teeth and claws open.

"Small tricks, are you also worthy of playing tricks in front of us?"

The giant green-gold fox sneered in disdain, and immediately turned grim, and swung its giant tail, sweeping out a cloud of roaring thunder.

"Sky Fox Supernatural Power - Stormpike Hell!"

During Thunder's flight, one divides into two, two divides into four, and four divides infinitely.

All of a sudden, the sky and the earth were covered with impenetrable thunder spears, accumulating in the clay figurines like covering the sky and covering the earth.

Puff puff puff!

In an instant, countless clay figurines were pierced by the thunder spear, and then suddenly exploded, blowing them to pieces, immediately disintegrating the offensive of the clay figurine army.

In an instant, the human world seemed to turn into a purgatory of thunder and thunder, and this supernatural power really deserved the name of Thunder Spear Hell.

However, before the giant blue-gold fox could be happy, a sudden change occurred in the next moment.

I saw countless fist-sized giant hornets drilled out of the densely packed clay figurines on the ground, flying their wings and flying into the sky, forming a huge and shocking black cloud in an instant.

The buzzing and fluttering sounds that make one's scalp tingle are everywhere, even if they are as arrogant as the two Qingqiu foxes, they can't help restraining their contempt and waiting intently.

"Swallowing the bee cloud?" The well-informed green-gold giant fox saw through the details of the bee cloud at a glance, and said in a serious voice, "Bee, I think you are too tired, and the Qingqiu fox dares to offend? "

"Hehe~"

The next moment, a contemptuous sneer came from the terrifying dark clouds that suddenly gathered and scattered, and then the dark clouds split open, and a half-human, half-bee enchanting woman with six insect wings on her back stepped out of the air, condescendingly Staring at the two Qingqiu foxes, the fox sneered, "It's really sad that a group of frogs in the well are still living in the honor of ancient times."

"presumptuous!"

The green-gold giant fox, which was originally a vixen, had a particularly fiery temper. Once provoked, it immediately exploded into rage like a firecracker. At the same time, it lifted three giant tails, and instantly exploded three yellow, red and blue arrogance.

"Anyone who dares to humiliate the Qingqiu Fox Country will be killed without pardon!"

"Tianhu supernatural power - Tuhe cart!"

"Sky Fox Supernatural Power—Bi Chen Bing!"

"Sky Fox Supernatural Power - Human Torch!"

The earth's crust shook violently, like thousands of carts running, countless sharp stone pillars broke through the ground, they were earth river carts!

As blue as the sea, as bright as the morning sun, the vast ice cones are formed suddenly, which is called Bichenbing.

Fast as a raging fire, fierce as a thunderbolt, boundless flames clustered together, it is the thunderbolt.

As soon as the green-gold giant fox made a move, the three supernatural powers were released at the same time, obviously it was extremely jealous of the alluring bee girl.

The bewitching bee girl smiled charmingly, and with a wave of her slender hand, the billowing black clouds wrapped it tightly, and the three powerful supernatural powers could only be offset by the countless giant bees.

Although the price was extremely tragic, nearly two-thirds of the bee colony was lost at once, but the female bee who reappeared did not feel distressed, and countless giant bees emerged again from the ground.

In this way, instead of weakening the dark cloud formed by the giant bees, it actually grew stronger.

"Hehehe~"

Girl Bee couldn't hold back her charming smile, her beautiful eyes were as cold as frost, and she taunted mercilessly, "You coquettish foxes are turning around more and more, do you still think that this is still the era when the ancient fox clan is respected?"

"Wake up, you dregs of history have long been eliminated!"

"Since you dare to step into the territory of Lanruo Temple, then don't go away, obediently stay and donate your blood to help my lord complete the great cause of the future!"

Qingqiuhu is the most arrogant, how can he bear such ridicule.

The two Qingqiu foxes immediately threw down the sand demon and the swamp iron crocodile, and rushed towards the bee girl without reservation.

"Man-eating bee, use your dog's life to wash away the shame of my Qingqiu fox country!"

The bee girl was not afraid, and said sarcastically, "If you have the ability, just let the horse come and see if it is me or you!!!"

A frightening battle is about to begin.


The wind and waves were violent outside, but the atmosphere in the tree hole on the edge of the battlefield was extremely thick.

Yuan Yutang's face was full of disbelief, and his mind was buzzing into chaos.

I will die?

I will die here?

Ever since Baiyun uttered the frightening prophecy that he would die here, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but fell into great fear.

Seeking good luck and avoiding evil, greed for life and fear of death are the greatest nature of all living beings. No one will suddenly face death indifferently, unless they have already done enough psychological construction.

Although Yuan Yutang survived many times after traveling to this strange world, it doesn't mean he doesn't care about his own life.

On the contrary, the more he has, the more he cherishes his life.

Cherishing life here is not a narrow sense of greed for life and fear of death, but an attitude towards life.

He encounters many adventures, and possesses the supernatural powers of the "Tiangang Secret Technique". His future has infinite possibilities, but no one is willing to die prematurely.

So when he heard the news of his death suddenly, and it came from the mouth of Bai Yun, who did not lie, he felt that the future he had dreamed of seemed to collapse in an instant, and he lost his mind.

"Amitabha!"

A clear and clear Buddha singing echoed in the altar of Yuan Yutang's mind like a drum in the evening and a bell in the morning, pulling him out of the abyss of fear in an instant.

Bai Yun sat down cross-legged, clasped his palms together, Bao Xiang solemnly whispered, "Donors don't need to be overwhelmed, the future is not static, in the world of Buddhism, time is linear, with countless branches, and even more possibilities. Maybe the little monk is not good enough, and the future he sees in the future view is just a branch of the infinite future."

After all, Bai Yunfen's cute little face carved out of jade said with great determination, "That's why I came here boldly. Donor, you are a good person. Now that the morals and music of the world have collapsed, every good person dies is one less. No matter what , the monk will go all out, which

Even if you are afraid of giving your life, you will not hesitate, and you will definitely help the benefactor to resolve the death calamity! "

Yuan Yutang suddenly came back to his senses, took a deep breath, his eyes became clear again, stared at the white clouds for a long time, and suddenly smiled and said, "I have a heart."

Bai Yun said solemnly, "Amitabha, the donor can see through the evil obstacles, it is really gratifying and congratulatory."

Maybe it was because the experience just now was too sudden and horrifying, and Yuan Yutang suddenly had a kind of enlightenment for the rest of his life, and he laughed heartily, "Hahaha, I'm the one who got the picture. My warlock practice is to live from death. If you are afraid of life and death, why not be an ordinary person, and you can make a conclusion after a hundred years hastily passed, why bother to search for the illusory chance of eternal life?"

Yuan Yutang suddenly pointed to the sky, and laughed wildly with pride, "Hahaha, I can't help my fate, if the thief God doesn't want me to live, come and try if you have the ability!"

Bai Yun rejoiced from the bottom of his heart and said, "It's so good, a child can be taught!"

Yuan Yutang smiled, then slapped Baiyun's bald head, and cursed, "Stinky boy, you want to take advantage of me again!"

As he said that, he strode out of the tree hole where he was hiding, and smiled without looking back, "Come, come, and come with me to see, what kind of dragon's pool and tiger's den is Lanruo Temple, which has the ability to trap Yuan Yutang to death!"

Bai Yun smiled gently, and said in agreement, "I have a wish, but I dare not let it go. According to you, we are in the same boat through thick and thin."

"Hahaha!" Yuan Yutang shouted recklessly, "It's such a thick and thin boat, a man is alive, and he has such a friend, what can a husband ask for?"

"Then let us brothers work together to eradicate this malignant tumor of Lanruo Temple, and restore the world to a bright future!"


In the different space outside Lanruo Temple, two outsiders ushered in the fairy enchantment of the tree demon's grandmother's natal supernatural power.

Grandma Dryad sat on the high chair, staring blankly at the two uninvited guests below without saying a word.

"Amitabha, why does grandma need to be so vigilant, we are all grasshoppers on the same rope, poor nun will not harm you."

Faced with grandma's silent threat, the beautiful nun didn't care at all, and explained with a sweet smile.

Grandma lowered her body when she heard Yanfu, and said coldly, "I have already surrendered Lanruo Temple, what else do you want?"

The glamorous nun shook her head lightly, and answered the wrong question, "Grandma misunderstood, the poor nun came here this time, not to ask for anything, but to give gifts."

"Gifts?" Grandma snorted, not believing a word that the beautiful nun said.

The glamorous nun didn't think it was a pest, and gently pushed the taciturn woman in the veiled hat beside her, and then said with a coquettish smile:

"This is the gift that the poor nun gave to grandma, Xiaoqian, a rare female from the Nine Yins."

"Do you think this gift is enough?"


		