

Yuan Yutang was awakened by the heat.

In a daze, I just felt that my whole body was falling apart, with pain everywhere and unbearable heat.

Resisting the pain and opening his eyes, he was immediately stunned by what he saw.

I saw thick smoke curling up all around, scorched ruins and broken walls everywhere, even the blue brick floor was baked into a glazed shape, billowing heat waves rose from time to time, the air was scorched and distorted, and even the clouds above the sky They all became black and red and gloomy.

Where there is any trace of the city, it is not an exaggeration to say that it is the scene of a disaster.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help being stunned by this tragic scene.

After a moment of downtime, he suddenly woke up.

What about the Pinu army?

What about Painted Skins?

What about sloppy?

Could it be...

An ominous premonition emerged in his heart, and Yuan Yutang was about to struggle to get up and look for the sloppy old man.

"Hehe, good disciple, I am here as a teacher."

Before Yuan Yutang could move, he suddenly heard the familiar voice of the slovenly old man, and couldn't help but froze.

Turning his head to look, he saw the slovenly old man with a scorched beard and black hair, limping forward.

"Huh~"

Seeing that the sloppy old man was safe, the stone hanging in Yuan Yutang's heart finally fell to the ground, and he hurriedly got up to help the sloppy old man.

Unexpectedly, the sloppy old man waved his hand to stop him, leaned his butt against a broken wall, and said with a weary smile, "The teacher is tired, let's take a rest first, and you can go to the northwest corner to help the teacher get back his luggage. In the tree hole, it is easy to find..."

For some reason, Yuan Yutang's heartstrings that had just been relaxed tightened again, and he felt flustered for no reason.

as if……

As if something bad was about to happen.

Just about to ask, but was interrupted by the sloppy old man.

"Let's go first. There are sect master's secret books and some master's instruments in the luggage. Don't lose them... Hehe, there are also the pipes and tobacco leaves you have been thinking about. Let's go..."

Having said so much, Yuan Yutang could only hold back his doubts, and turned around to go to the place guided by the old Taoist.

However, just as he turned around, a sloppy, old-fashioned voice sounded behind him:

"Being a teacher at the age of five, he was accepted by his mentor as a family member, and at the age of ten, he was granted a talisman. He has been learning Taoism for fifty-seven years. However, his qualifications are dull, and he is ashamed of the generosity entrusted to the elders of the teacher's school. He has the audacity to steal the position of the master and do nothing..."

"...Since he succeeded to the throne, he has made no achievements. He has only done what he can to save the lives of those who should not be killed. He has never tried to show his strength, and he does not seek meritorious deeds but no faults..."

"...My mentor used to say that monsters are cruel and people's hearts are sinister. I didn't understand it when I was young, but when I understood it, I was already very old..."

"My apprentice Yutang, although I haven't fulfilled my duty as a teacher for a day, and I haven't personally conferred naturalization for you, but I know that you are young, but you have a mature mind, and you must not blame the teacher for being lazy..."

"Life is a long way to go. I may not be able to protect you personally as a teacher in the future. You have to learn to be strong... Apart from the vicious monsters, you also need to be careful of people's hearts. Don't be tarnished by the bullshit of the world..."

"...No matter how many hardships and setbacks there will be in the future, don't be disappointed in the future..."

Yuan Yutang staggered and stopped, covering his mouth tightly with his hands, tears streaming down his face.

Because on the broken wall in front of him, there stood a charred corpse, glaring at it, and the surroundings were scorched black, but the back of the charred corpse to the position where he had just fell asleep was safe and sound.

It can be vaguely discerned from the shape of the charred corpse and the remaining robes...

That is……

His master is sloppy and old-fashioned! !

Plop!

Yuan Yutang suddenly fell to his knees, pounding the ground with both fists, buried his head in the gravel, and sobbed suppressedly.

I came to this strange world alone, and finally met an elder who was sincerely kind to me. In the end, I didn't even call out my master, and my mentor passed away in order to protect him.

The mentor never forgot to guard him even after death, and turned into a heroic soul to exhort him specially.

How is this grief different from "the child wants to support but the relative is not there"?

"Master, master, master..."

Yuan Yutang murmured in a low voice like a cub crying blood, his voice gradually increased, and finally turned into a roar of remorse:

"Master~"

The sound is sad, and those who hear it cry.

clatter~

Just when Yuan Yutang was distraught, there was a sudden commotion in the pile of rocks in front of him, followed by countless broken stones being blown away, and a black shadow suddenly jumped out.

"Hahaha!"

As soon as the black shadow was out of trouble, he let out his joy and laughed wildly.

"Stinky Niubi, do you think mere lung fire can kill me? You think too much, you think too much! If you kill my five thousand painting slaves, I will eat ten thousand in the future!"

"Listen to me, those 10,000 innocent people died because of you!"

"Hahaha!!"

Yuan Yutang raised his head with tears in his eyes, and a distorted and terrifying figure appeared in his blurred vision.

It was the Painted Skin Ghost who narrowly escaped death!

However, although the Painted Skin Ghost survived the sloppy and old ways, the price was extremely tragic.

It was scorched black and smoking, the left side of the body was missing, the black bones covering the body surface were all shattered, only half of the big head was left, the brain was beating faintly, and the breath was unprecedentedly weak.

After venting, it found Yuan Yutang who was kneeling and crying bitterly. He was shocked and said with a smirk, "Oh, isn't this a little ox nose? Is it crying for the old ox nose? Well, let me eat you, Send you to the underworld to unite with Lao Niubi!"

After finishing speaking, Painted Skin Ghost limped towards Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang froze on the spot as if he didn't respond.

Ghost Nightmare is a different species among ghosts. It has been cultivated into a physical body, which is equivalent to resurrection in a certain sense, and it is the form that all ghosts dream of.

However, there are advantages and disadvantages. Having a body means that you will be injured.

Painted Skin Ghost was severely injured this time, he couldn't even do the simplest incarnation of Yinfeng, and urgently needed fresh flesh and blood to replenish his losses, so he couldn't let Yuan Yutang go.

One step, two steps, three steps...

Painted Skin Ghost finally came to Yuan Yutang, without the slightest hesitation, he suddenly opened his bloody mouth to the size of a water tank, and bit down viciously, as if wanting to swallow Yuan Yutang whole.

Suddenly, two slender palms pressed against Painted Skin Ghost's bloody mouth between lightning and flint.

"?" The Painted Skin Ghost was startled in vain, looking carefully, the two hands that came out halfway were actually from Yuan Yutang.

Boom!

After the dull sound, Painted Skin Ghost flew out of the ground in a daze, and fell heavily two meters away.

Yuan Yutang stood up expressionlessly, tore off the tattered cloak, twisted it into a rope, and wrapped it around his right fist in circles.

"How dare you attack me? I will tear you to pieces!"

It wasn't until now that the Painted Skin Ghost came to his senses, and immediately roared furiously at the approaching Yuan Yutang.

"Ten thousand pieces of corpse? That's exactly what I mean!" Yuan Yutang wrapped up the rope, grinned grinningly, and suddenly accelerated his sprint.

Hemp rope gloves are the secret weapon for muay thai fighters. With the blessing of hemp rope, it can at least enhance the boxer's strength by more than 30%.

Yuan Yutang's hemp rope entangled his hands, which meant that he was about to kill him.

bump!

Yuan Yutang's speed was too fast, and before Painted Skin Ghost could react, he hit the left side of the face with a right uppercut full of anger.

giggling~

Amid the ear-piercing sound of bone cracking, the entire left side of Hua Skin Ghost's face was distorted and deformed, and it was suddenly smashed to pieces.

It's not over yet!

Yuan Yutang twisted his waist and swung his hips, his taut right leg kicked out like an arrow, and kicked Painted Skinny's throat like lightning.

"dumb……"

Painted Skin Ghost was dumbfounded, and took all the orders, his throat was completely kicked, and his head, which had lost the support of the neck bone, lay limply against his back.

Yuan Yutang is like a silent volcano, his seemingly calm appearance hides a monstrous anger, if he doesn't make a move, he will be shocked, and if he makes a move, he will be shocked, and the violent attack pours out like a stormy sea.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

The mighty painted-skinned ghost who could survive even under the Lihuo Xiexie sword formation formed by the earth, lungs and fire veins, at this time, the tiger fell to Pingyang, completely lost the ability to resist, and was ravaged by the mortal Yuan Yutang.


The vision of the night sky gradually dissipated.

The wind picked up again, the snow fell, and the heat wave extinguished.

In the open field, only heavy breathing and dense and dull beating sounds can be heard.

"Ha, ga...ha, ga~"

Yuan Yutang completely trampled Painted Skin Ghost's three sticks of incense time. He was so tired that he was sweating profusely, panting like a cow, and even smashed the hemp rope.

Despite being so ravaged, the Painted Skin Ghost is still not completely dead.

I have to say that the vitality of ghosts is really amazing.

"Hiss..." Painted Skin Ghost stared at his only one eye, which was bloodshot and muddy, full of resentment, and stared at Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang laughed angrily at Painted Skin Ghost's stern attitude, gasped for a few breaths, bent down to pick up a sharp stone the size of a watermelon, pointed the sharp end at Painted Skin Ghost's swollen and deformed broken head, and mustered his last strength.

Smash it down with all your strength.

giggling~

Like the last straw that broke the camel's back, the Painted Skin Ghost, who had been stubbornly resisting so far, finally couldn't hold on anymore, his head was smashed to pieces, and white and red splashes scattered all over the ground.

"Quack..." Yuan Yutang panted violently, seeing that the Painted Skin Ghost's corpse was completely lifeless, a happy smile appeared on his face.

"Ha, ha ha, ha ha ha!"

Throwing away the stone, Yuan Yutang raised his head and laughed wildly, tears streaming down his face.

"Master, have you ever seen in the spirit of heaven that your disciple has avenged you..."

"The heinous Painted Skin Ghost has finally been executed!"

"Rest in peace!"

At this time, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt that his tattered inner shirt was extremely hot, and hurriedly took out the ancient book "Secret Art of Tiangang" that he kept close to him.

Sure enough, the ancient book burst into dazzling brilliance, opened the third page automatically, and countless golden characters in seal script leaped out of the paper, hovered in the air and then fell back into the paper, creating an image of Yuan Yutang throwing a stone to kill the Painted Skin Ghost.

There is also a new golden record below the image:

[In the spring of the seventeenth year of Taikang in the Great Xia Dynasty, it has been one hundred and eighty-five years since it was exterminated as a disaster for the world, and eight thousand seven hundred and fifty-three painted-skinned evil spirits were eaten alive, and their merits and virtues were increased by one hundred...]

Yuan Yutang had just finished reading it, and the mutation was reborn. He saw a big hole in the dark sky, a bright starlight projected on the ancient book through the clouds, and a line of gold characters in seal script appeared in the air:

[The current merit is one hundred and four, which can open a Tiangang supernatural power...]

Immediately, starlight poured into Yuan Yutang's body.

Yuan Yutang didn't have time to react, and passed out instantly.


		