

There are countless supernatural powers in the world, and all kinds of magical effects cover thousands and change endlessly.

Among them, the supernatural power of shifting stars and changing battles belongs to the most special series.

Repaying the other with the same way is just one of the insignificant effects.

However, even so, it is enough to make ordinary warlocks suffer.

Just imagine that no matter how powerful the spell is against the enemy, it will eventually affect yourself. Isn't it true that the deeper the way, the faster the death?

On the surface, it seems that there is almost no solution to the supernatural power of changing stars and changing battles, and it is inherently invincible.

It's just that nothing is perfect in this world, even supernatural powers.

In the final analysis, supernatural powers are dead, but those who use supernatural powers are alive.

Fighting against the enemy can have the last laugh, and the competition is often the user's ability to use.

Just like Yan Chixia.

It was a bit embarrassing to meet Yixing Changdou Shentong for the first time, but with his extraordinary talent and rich practical experience, he was absolutely impossible to be defeated easily.

The peerless sword code "Xuanyuan Shocking Heaven Jue", which was invincible to the enemy in the past, failed, and the water arrows gathered by the enemy attacked like locusts, and he was about to die on the spot.

Even in the face of such a critical moment, Yan Chixia still did not panic.

"Hahaha, what a supernatural power to change stars!"

Yan Chixia looked up to the sky and smiled, her heroic aura was radiant, as if she didn't pay attention to the murderous intent.

The long and passionate laugh came to an end, Yan Chixia fought vigorously, and the sword box on her back automatically separated as if alive, and flew into the air.

"I have learned your master's tricks, so why not come and see a certain family's 'Qimen Flying Armor, how about it!"

As soon as the words fell, the sword box flying in the air suddenly disintegrated, turning into pieces like butterflies piercing flowers and flying around.

"Inside and outside the Three Realms, only the law is supreme, the gods have light, and only gold is supreme!"

"Big golden light giant spirit god, come and help me!"

boom!

An invisible coercion spread like a tidal wave, followed by the rapid combination of flurry of sword box fragments, and in a short period of time, a mighty general with a height of more than five feet was assembled.

"howl!"

The golden god will howl and wield two huge swords the size of a door panel, brazenly facing the dense rain of arrows coming from the sky.

The ferocious giant sword is like the gigantic ax used by the Creator God to open up the world. Everything it passes will be cut and broken!

However, when the sword was halfway through, Yan Chixia, who was in the remote control of the master, had a keen insight into the tendency of a special force distorting the giant sword.

It's now!

Before the supernatural power of shifting stars and changing battles could fully take effect, Yan Chixia made an awe-inspiring move.

"Heaven and earth are boundless, the universe borrows the law, Taiyi removes sins and slays demons and protects the body, and Lei Gong helps me!"

In the next moment, Yan Chixia's palm glowed with red light, and thunder and thunder suddenly exploded.

Dozens of scarlet flames and blood thunder blasted out in one breath, roaring through the barrier of the water curtain and sweeping towards the thin figure not far away.

This is Yan Chixia's method of breaking the law-one force to reduce ten meetings!

There are limits to spells and magical powers in the world, and he doesn't believe that the magical power of moving stars and changing battles can really completely divert the red flame and blood thunder that he shot with all his strength!

Boom boom boom!

Dozens of turbulent and terrifying thunderbolts struck like meteors piercing the sky. The thin figure did not expect Yan Chixia's full-power explosion to be so powerful, and it was too late when she wanted to escape.

Boom, boom, boom~

In an instant, the terrifying thunder bombed away, as if the end was coming!


Another battle in Caotang Village has also reached a fever pitch.

It is also a thin and small figure sneaking in secretly, and it is also a treacherous and mysterious supernatural power of shifting stars and changing battles.

Compared with Yan Chixia's savage opponents, Li Chunyi's method of breaking the law is relatively clumsy and has no technical content.

"Yin evil is coming, and a hundred ghosts travel at night!"

All of a sudden, the wind howled, the mountains and rivers paled, and the endless screams of ghosts resounded all over the field. With Li Chunyi as the center, shadows and shadows were densely packed.

It is unimaginable that Li Chunyi raised hundreds of Yinshen soldiers by himself, and even carried them with him.

Although the way of raising ghosts is not a taboo in Taoism all over the world, and the ghost soldiers and Yinshen are also considered as one of the guardians of the Taoism, but few people will leave the majestic way and go to delve into the trail of raising ghosts.

Moreover, it takes a lot of hard work and time to develop a qualified Xunbing Yinshen from the beginning of soul collection.

Who would waste a huge price in such a frenzied manner to raise hundreds of Xunbing Yinshen?

Although the strength of the ghost soldiers is not bad, they are still things outside the body after all. Raising ghosts is destined to be a narrow path, and it is difficult to see the scenery of the great road.

The above is the general impression of Taoists all over the world on ghost raisers.

but!

Everything is afraid of exceptions!

Although one Xunbing Yinshen can't control the overall situation, what if there are ten, hundreds, or thousands of them?

When the quantity breaks through a certain critical point, it is enough to cause a qualitative change, thereby changing the stereotype!

Li Chunyi's identity is mysterious. Although he did not confess to Yuan Yutang, it is obvious from the few words he and Yan Chixia said that he is the long-lost junior brother of the sloppy old man!

In other words, he is Yuan Yutang's serious little uncle!

Although I don't know why he didn't dare to recognize Yuan Yutang, but how did he change from the orthodox Lihuo warlock of the Jingshan sect to the way of cultivating ghosts, why did he become a different person, and how did he join in the end? There must be an astonishing big secret in the Great Xia Town Magic Division.

These are not important right now.

What's important is that his small brass arrest in the evil room actually hides the strength of the human fairyland, which is simply outrageous!

You must know that his boss, Ye Diao Lang, Qian Duobao, is only a real person, and there is still a lot of distance from the peak of Dzogchen.

It can be seen from this that he hides his strength and lurks in Daxia Town Magic Division, and there must be a big secret!

"I said before, you will suffer a lot if you underestimate me!"

Li Chunyi, who unreservedly sacrificed hundreds of soldiers of the Yin God, seems to have lost his humanity, with a ghostly aura, like a peerless ominous spirit.

The thin figure on the opposite side seemed to feel that Li Chunyi was not easy to mess with, and tried to escape.

"I want to run, it's too late!"

"Hundred ghosts obey orders, kill without mercy!"

With one order, a hundred ghosts surged, crying and howling, turning into a cold wind and killing the thin figure.

Ghost claws, ghost spells, dark soldiers, gnawing...

In an instant, the endless stream of terrorist attacks submerged the thin figure like a flood.

The thin and small figure desperately used the magical power of shifting stars and changing battles to the limit, and Li Chunyi was in serious trouble immediately.

Every time the Xun Bing Yinshen attacks, it will come back to him, blood and flesh are flying everywhere, and the red mist is swirling.

He remained unmoved, obviously his heart was already in pain, but he was gritting his teeth to death.

In fact, there are not many ways to break this kind of special supernatural power that already involves the laws of heaven and earth. The core of Li Chunyi's breaking method is similar to that of Yan Chixia, and they all use the loophole of supernatural power limit to be tough.

Only Li Chunyi was not as powerful as Yan Chixia, and he couldn't achieve the simple and rude way of using force to defeat tricks, so he found another way and chose another method.

That is the strategy of dripping water through a stone!

Puff puff!

Chachacha!

Stab it!

In just a few breaths, countless terrifying scars appeared on his body out of thin air. Li Chunyi's body was almost devoid of intact flesh, but he was still holding on.

He firmly believes that he will have the last laugh!

It seems that centuries have passed, and it seems that it is only at the fingertips.

Just when Li Chunyi's consciousness was blurred and he was about to be unable to hold on.

A battered yin god roared and threw the thin figure down, opened its smelly mouth with sparse teeth, and gnawed down.

Click!

The next moment, the blood burst!

However, what is amazing is that this bloody light did not explode from Li Chunyi's body, but from a thin figure.

Li Chunyi, who was about to reach the limit, breathed a sigh of relief when he saw this.

finally……

The weird and unpredictable magical power of shifting stars and changing battles has been broken! !

At the last moment of falling into a coma, Li Chunyi forced himself to give the last order to more than a hundred shackles Yinshen - kill without mercy!

All of a sudden, the group of ghosts went berserk, flocking to the thin figure who was lying on the ground.


"Brother and sister, let's play hide and seek~"

In the dead of night, in a village haunted by ghosts, with half-faced ghosts, creepy proposals.

The combination of all kinds of frightening factors is enough to frighten the courage of ordinary people.

Even though Lan Xi and Chen Changsheng were not ordinary people, they still felt their scalps tingling.

Although Lan Xi has an extraordinary background, she is still immature after all, and she will lose her mind when she is frightened.

At any rate, Chen Changsheng had experienced the night when Qingtian Peak was nearly destroyed. Although his skills are low now, he will not lose his courage.

"Bold ghosts, they don't know life and death to attack, but aren't they afraid of losing their souls?"

Chen Changsheng reprimanded him pretending to be righteous, but he was already covered in cold sweat in secret, and subconsciously pulled Lan Xi behind him to protect him.

Stronger than the senior brother and the two seniors have no news at all, he will not naively think that it is just an ordinary brat.

Now that there is no one he can rely on, and being approached by ghosts, he can't be too cautious.

"Brother and sister, let's play hide and seek~"

The half grimace lying by the door repeated itself mechanically as if there was no reaction.

In fact, fear is a very strange thing, just like watching a horror movie, the first time is always the scariest, but after knowing the details of the plot, no matter how timid people watch it repeatedly, they will not feel horrified.

The half-faced ghost did not move for a long time, and the fear in Chen Changsheng's heart gradually dissipated.

Recall Yuan Yutang's style, and then put yourself into his perspective.

Soon Chen Changsheng had an idea.

He wants to learn from senior brother Yuan Yutang to take the initiative and fight for the first opportunity!

At the moment he just moved, he suddenly felt as if he had fallen into an ice cave.

"Hee hee, brother, let's play hide and seek~"

I saw ghost hands popping out of the ground at unknown times, waving wildly like water plants drifting with the tide, and there were countless half-ghost faces mixed in the gaps, smiling sinisterly.

Chen Changsheng's heart was about to jump out of his chest, and he wanted to jump up instinctively, but those ghost hands grabbed his ankles first and dragged him down violently.

"Lanxi, run!"

Realizing that something was going wrong, Chen Changsheng instinctively turned around to warn Lan Xi, but he turned away hastily, almost scaring him away.

There was no trace of Lanxi behind him, but instead, there was a drowned ghost whose head was swollen and white, with bite marks everywhere, dripping water continuously.

"Brother, let's play hide and seek~"

"No~"

Chen Changsheng felt a blur in front of his eyes, and was thrown down by the terrifying drowned ghost.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 29 Fighting Techniques and Breaking Techniques is free to read.




		