

As Shakespeare said.

Sometimes to fight or not to fight is a big question.

A sword edge whizzed towards it with strong wind.

Although the attack was menacing, Yuan Yutang, who had experienced many battles, had at least a hundred different ways to avoid it, and a thousand different ways to counterattack.

But the question is, does he dare?

The answer is not dare.

Because the person who attacked was not the imaginary monster, but Monica.

Up in the air, Yuan Yutang sighed, then closed his eyes and forced himself to bump into Monica's sword.

There is no way, as soon as you resist, all previous efforts will be wasted, and now you can only hope that Monica can stop the move in time.

Otherwise, you will be seriously injured if you don't die.

It may be that God heard his pious prayer.

At the critical moment, Monica finally came to her senses. With a flick of her wrist, the heavy two-handed sword suddenly deflected, and the sharp edge of the sword brushed past Yuan Yutang.

The crisis was resolved, and the two parties couldn't help but express their anger.

However, what they found next caught them off guard.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang had lost his balance and fell down, Monica instinctively stretched out her hand to catch him in desperation.

This caused her to accidentally step on the empty steps, and the two of them immediately tumbled down the stairs.

In the chaos, Yuan Yutang felt two groups of soft and elastic slamming into his face, subconsciously opened his mouth, but a foreign object slipped past his lips, and he closed his teeth gently under conditioned reflex.

"Ah~"

A piercing scream burst into his ears, and then he felt his whole body being thrown out, hitting the stairs again.

For the rough-skinned and thick-skinned Yuan Yutang, this kind of pain was nothing at all, but later he realized what happened just now, and his face turned red.

It seems that he seems to have done something evil.

At the bottom of the stairs, Monica's pretty face was flushed, and she stood in disordered breath. Her beautiful sapphire-like eyes seemed to be brewing with monstrous anger, and her face was extremely tangled.

After all, she is a well-tested referee knight, and she was not swayed by her emotions. She quickly suppressed the embarrassment that welled up in her heart, and asked pretending to be calm, "Zhou An, what happened just now? Sleep and run out?"

At this time, Hao Jun and Deng Chaoxian came late, and they were taken aback when they saw Monica appearing, and then burst into laughter when they saw Yuan Yutang who was sitting on the ground slumped and dare not look up.

Deng Chaoxian laughed out of breath and said, "Hahaha, Miss Monica, don't be surprised, I, we were just joking with Junior Brother Zhou, no, I didn't expect him to be so intimidating, it made Miss laugh... "

Originally in their plan, Shen Tang was supposed to disappear suddenly, and then pretend to be a ghost in the corner to frighten Yuan Yutang. They thought that the prank had succeeded.

Yuan Yutang woke up suddenly after hearing this, and said anxiously, "Miss Monica, did you see Shen Tang when you came up just now?"

"Shen Tang? No..." Monica stopped in vain while speaking.

Just now she felt an evil aura appearing in her sleep, and the muscle memory of fighting dark monsters for a long time drove her to the place where the evil aura appeared in an instant.

He never thought that Yuan Yutang rushed over as soon as he arrived, which caused the embarrassing misunderstanding just now.

But she never saw any trace of Shen Tang from the beginning to the end.

In other words, Shen Tang mysteriously disappeared in this small staircase area?

Yuan Yutang also deduced this conclusion and got up with a gloomy face.

Those two live treasures still didn't know that the disaster was coming, they laughed so hard that tears burst out of their eyes. _o_m

Yuan Yutang hesitated for a moment, and asked Monica, "Did you inform Senior Brother Baili when Miss went out?"

Monica shook her head and replied, "The situation is urgent. I rushed over before I could notify Mr. Baili."

Yuan Yutang's face became even uglier after hearing this.

Everyone in Qingtian Peak knows that Baili Yinghua has passed through the gate of hell and was promoted to the fairyland. It stands to reason that Monica has rushed to support. There is no reason why Baili Yinghua, who is stronger, has not been seen yet.

The only possible explanation is that Baili Yinghua is also in trouble, and the trouble is so difficult that he has no time to get out of it.

see.

Looking at the dark and secluded corridor, Yuan Yutang felt a strong sense of foreboding, gritted his teeth and muttered in a low voice, "It's really unlucky, you will encounter strange things wherever you go, it's not like a primary school student who pretended to be a god of death was killed Is his luck entangled?"

Monica couldn't hear Yuan Yutang's muttering clearly, she just thought it was a subconscious behavior of his fear, and immediately said in a deep voice, "The situation is unclear now, let's join the big army first, and then find a way to rescue the missing Shen Tang. "

Yuan Yutang nodded, grabbed a living treasure who was still giggling endlessly, and followed Monica down the stairs.

When they arrived at Baili Yinghua's room on the third floor, as expected, the room was already empty.

Yuan Yutang didn't believe in evil, so he rushed to the quadruple room where another brother lived on the same floor.

There was also no one in the room, and there were no obvious signs of fighting at the scene, as if those people had mysteriously disappeared in their sleep. .

Before discussing with Monica, Yuan Yutang rushed down to the second floor again. This time, he did not immediately check the quadruple room at the same door, but kicked open the door of the first room roughly along the corridor.

no one!

Immediately afterwards, he violently opened the doors one by one, just like an anti-pornography scene.

No!

All the guest rooms on the second floor were empty, and I searched the entire Second Road, but I didn't even see a ghost.

So many people, how could they all disappear without a sound at the same time, there must be something strange!

To be honest, this was the first time he encountered such a strange situation, and he was a little overwhelmed for a while.

"We also checked the third floor just now, and there was no one there."

Monica went downstairs quietly and said in a concentrated voice. @·No fault first launch~~

Although Hao Jun and the others were confused, seeing the reactions of Monica and Yuan Yutang, no matter how dull they were, they knew that the situation was not good.

"Excuse me, Junior Brother Zhou, what's the matter?" Deng Chaoxian asked dully.

Yuan Yutang's face sank like water, "The inn is haunted by ghosts, Shen Tang and Senior Brother Baili are all missing."

"What?" Deng Chaoxian's eyes widened suddenly.

The inn is haunted?

This, how is this possible?

He just wanted to scare Yuan Yutang, but he never thought that he would be a prophecy...

And even Senior Brother Baili, who is highly skilled in Taoism, is missing, so aren't these weak chickens in danger of life all the time?

Thinking of this, Deng Chaoxian immediately turned pale with fright.

Hao Jun is a bit naive, so he still doesn't quite understand it yet.

Yuan Yutang knew that Monica was a martial artist from the Western Continent, so he had no idea but to ask her for advice, "Miss Monica, how to deal with this situation?"

Monica pondered for a moment, then said slowly, "Since all the residents on the second and third floors have disappeared, it is estimated that the situation on the fourth floor is similar, so there is no need to waste time to check. There are too few clues to infer more details. Why don't we go down to the first floor to have a look, maybe there will be unexpected gains."

After a pause, Monica looked at Yuan Yutang at the same level, and said seriously, "There is another point I want to emphasize. Sometimes personal heroism will not only kill yourself, but may also implicate the team. So please don't act like you did just now." act alone, okay?"

Yuan Yutang said calmly, "That's a very good statement, I promise I won't mess around again."

When the four of them came downstairs, they searched the entire lobby, but still found nothing.

"Since we can't find any clues in the front hall, why don't we go to the backyard to have a look. I don't believe that anyone in the world can abduct so many people quietly, even Senior Brother Baili." Yuan Yutang suggested.

Monica didn't object, and the four hurried through the backyard, searching from the stables to the kitchen.

squeak~

The sound of the crooked wooden door rubbing against the rough threshold is particularly harsh in the quiet night. As the door is opened, the kitchen hidden in the darkness is exposed to everyone's sight.

In order not to startle the enemy, they did not light a torch.

The moon tonight is very quiet, with the help of the moonlight, you can barely see what's going on inside.

A large vegetable cutting table is placed in the center, under the table is a pile of firewood neatly piled up, in the corner is a large paint-removing cabinet for storing pots and pans, and a large water tank is placed next to the cabinet. Soil built from four green bricks.

kitchen.

Everything seemed to be normal, but Yuan Yutang and Monica, who were keen to observe, caught the unusual place at once.

The ashes under the stove flickered, as if the fire had just been turned off, and several iron pots covered with a large wooden pot lid were still steaming.

In the middle of the night, the guests had already fallen asleep, why did the cook start the fire at this time?

In an instant, Yuan Yutang and Monica realized the problem.

Looking at each other, Yuan Yutang volunteered and said, "I'll go and have a look."

Monica nodded slightly, and said cautiously, "Be careful."

Immediately, Yuan Yutang walked cautiously towards the stove.

Hao Jun and Deng Chaoxian hid behind Monica and shivered, not at all as energetic as they were planning to grab Yuan Yutang.

One step, two steps, one step, two steps...

Yuan Yutang spat violently, feeling as if he had suppressed the inexplicably magical song in his mind, and when he was half a step away from the stove, he slowly reached out to reach for the wooden pot lid.

The whole process was extremely slow, and the air in the kitchen seemed to freeze. The three people behind did not dare to breathe, and the atmosphere was terribly oppressive.

Finally, Yuan Yutang's fingertips touched the wooden pot lid, and nothing strange happened, and everyone couldn't help but secretly let out a sigh.

After a pause, Yuan Yutang grasped the handle of the wooden pot lid, and lifted the lid tremblingly.

Huh~

A thick white steam rose suddenly, and when the steam dissipated, Yuan Yutang looked into the pot.

The next moment, he couldn't help but exclaimed, "Blood buns?"

Monica's expression changed, and she sprinted over, pulled the astonished Yuan Yutang away, and looked into the pot. @*~~

Suddenly, she only felt a chill rushing from the soles of her feet to Tianling Gai.

I saw cooking in a pot of boiling water...

It turned out to be neatly arranged human heads! ! ! .


		