

The world is in decline, and the people are in dire straits.

Sanshan Road has experienced repeated disasters from drought and military disasters in recent years, and it has long been empty.

In order to survive, it is not uncommon to sell children and daughters.

There are half-decomposed corpses buried everywhere in the field ridges by the roadside, and hanging corpses are hanging on the trees. When a gust of wind blows by, it looks like a pile of fruit, which is shocking to see.

Xiaowangzhuang is a remote mountain village in the vicinity of Snake Mountain in Shangquan Prefecture. Those who are able to escape the disaster have already gone to the houses, and the old, weak, sick and disabled or those who cannot leave their hometown can only live in this area. Struggling in purgatory on earth.

This morning, almost all the people in the village who were still able to move gathered at the entrance of the village, all of them looked sad. Obviously most of the people were naked, but there were seven or eight children who were dressed brightly.

More than a dozen pale-faced men and women were holding the children and crying heart-rendingly. The children were dressed in pink and jade, and they were calming the crying parents with innocent faces.

The rest of the young and old couldn't bear to look sideways.

A fairly robust man with an angry expression on his face, panting heavily, clenched the plow in his hand, raised his arms and shouted to the neighbors behind him, "Fathers, folks, don't you have the heart to send your children to the monster's dining table?"

A village woman in sackcloth wiped her tears secretly, sobbing, "So what if I can't bear it?"

"Fight with monsters!" The strong man roared sharply, holding up the plow rake, like a wild beast that chooses to eat people!

He really couldn't swallow this fuss.

Just a few days ago, a goblin with a rat head and a human body came down from Snakehead Mountain, threatening to ask Xiaowangzhuang to provide seven pairs of virgin boys and girls for their king's enjoyment within seven days. .

The bad news fell from the sky, almost instantly crushing the entire Xiaowangzhuang.

You must know that Sanshan Road has been in turmoil in recent years, with food shortages, and the population base has long since fallen into a trough.

The birth rate of newborns has also broken through a record low. Even if the birth is successful, the premature death rate remains high.

In the past ten years, there have been less than forty children in Xiaowangzhuang, and the monsters on the mountain have asked for nearly half of them. Isn't this digging the roots of Xiaowangzhuang?

The brawny man was born as a military soldier, and he was somewhat brave. He retired and returned home to take care of his elderly mother.

It was also because he happened to be away from the village that day, otherwise he would have to fight that little monster!

Seeing the villagers preparing to sacrifice their children in order to survive, how can he bear it?

Although the population of Xiaowangzhuang is low, there are nearly three hundred people at any rate. If they unite as one to resist the monsters, at least they still have the capital to negotiate.

It's just that although the strong man has a good idea, the villagers don't appreciate it.

No matter how much he preached and encouraged, the villagers always had a numb expression of resignation, and he couldn't help but get angry. Error-free update@

"Zhuzi, man!" The red-eyed strong man was trembling with anger, pointing at those neighbors who used to be close and yelling, feeling infinitely sad.

He never thought that he fought desperately on the battlefield to protect these softies.

Inexplicably, he felt extremely injustice for the blood shed for himself and for Pao Ze who died on the battlefield.

Sighing suddenly, the strong man gave up the naive idea of ​​uniting with the villagers to fight against the monsters, rushed to the edge of the road with a sullen face and said nothing, and waited with a plow and rake.

The village behind him is the homeland where generations of his family have lived. Even if the folks have lost their blood, he still does not allow anyone to defile the homeland.

Even if you pay the price in blood!

It was three poles high in the sun, and under the scorching sun, the strong man stared at the direction of Sheshou Mountain with angry eyes. Whenever he saw the figure of a monster, he would immediately go all out!

It's just that after waiting for a long time, the time when the little demon agreed to pick up people was long past, but there was still no movement.

The strong man and the villagers couldn't help feeling very puzzled.

"Jinglingling~"

Suddenly, the burly man spotted a boy riding a bull coming straight from the end of the dirt road.

The young man's lips were red and his teeth were white, his white clothes were more snowy, and his eyes seemed to be closed but not closed. He was lying lazily on the broad back of the big green bull. A bronze bell was hung on the bull's horn, and it jingled as the old cow walked.

Everyone stared blankly at the bull riding boy who appeared suddenly.

When he was about seven or eight steps away, the young man seemed to have just woken up, sat on the back of the bull, stretched himself, and said with a snort, "Dear folks.

, I heard that there are monsters on the nearby Snake Mountain, how should I go? "

All of a sudden, the faces of the villagers changed, and the strong man held the plow rake calmly, and said in a low voice, "Where did the ignorant boy come from, who dared to go there knowing that there were monsters on the Snake Head Mountain. Could it be that he was tired of work?"

The young man was not annoyed when he heard the words, and with a light smile, he took off a burden from the huge horns of the big green bull, and threw it in front of the strong man.

The burly man took a closer look, and found a large mouse head with blood still fresh in the scattered bundle. He was startled, pointed at the young man and said in surprise, "You, you, what do you want to do?"

Although a strong man has the courage to risk his life to fight, he is self-aware inside.

Demons and goblins, even the lowest level of wandering spirits and goblins, are beyond the ability of ordinary people to resist.

The bloody mouse head right now was obviously taken off the goblin. The young man is so calm and breezy, so it must have some extraordinary origins.

If he gets involved with it, how can he know whether Xiaowangzhuang will be affected.

Many of the villagers who were present that day turned blue with fright when they saw the head of the rat demon, and the two were fighting, looking at the young man as if he had seen a ghost.

The young man chuckled, and said calmly, "The head of the Jingshan Sect in Shaozhou, Yuan Yuji, has wandered here and wants to eliminate harm for the people. Please do me a favor!"


Twenty miles away from Xiaowangzhuang, Snake Mountain looks like a snake head up its head. It is two to seven feet high and covers an area of ​​more than 2,000 mu. It is one of the few mountains in the plain terrain of Shangquan.

There is a natural cave in the mountain, which was stolen by a group of bandits who did all kinds of evil.

When the monster came, all the bandits who were full of people's fat and fat were reduced to blood food, which made the monster's house cheap.

Today, a banquet is being held in the cave renovated by the bandits.

The banquet was full of a group of angry rats.

The rat here is not a curse word, but a real adjective.

Looking into the caves, they are all filled with a large group of rat demons who have not yet fully transformed into humans. _o_m

The table is full of chicken, duck and fish, and the beauty is sprinkled like a forest. The rat monsters are chatting and laughing loudly, pushing cups and changing cups, which is very lively.

Sitting on a high chair with a big tiger skin cloak, the chief groom, wearing a big red gown and a big red flower tied on his chest, is holding a weeping man wearing a big hijab. slim bride.

This is still a wedding banquet!

"Congratulations to your majesty for marrying a bride as beautiful as flowers and jade, congratulations to your majesty!" A nondescript mouse demon dressed in a bo crown and a Confucian shirt stood up and toasted the groom.

The bridegroom officer, who was described as wretched, immediately smiled, raised his glass and scolded, "Hahaha, you really deserve to be an oil rat from a scholar's family. The mouse cub can really talk. I am very happy to hear that, and I will wait for the mouse thirty-nine later." After bringing the virgins and boys back, I allow you to taste the soup first!"

The Confucian shirt mouse demon was overjoyed when he heard the words, and said all kinds of flattery words like no money, which made the bridegroom laugh even more.

Seeing this, the rest of the rat demons couldn't help being impatient, but they suffered from being uneducated, and couldn't think of an ingenious flattery.

After a while, the groom's officer, who was drunk and bleary-eyed, suddenly asked in surprise:

"It's almost noon, why hasn't Shu Thirty-Nine come back yet? Could it be that the virgin boy and girl are too attractive, so they can't resist stealing them?"

As soon as this remark came out, the room immediately burst into laughter, and some sensitive mouse demons seized the opportunity to praise the king for his humor.

Just as the atmosphere at the banquet was warm, an untimely voice suddenly came from outside the cave, which immediately ruined the atmosphere:

"Damn it, the smell of this rat nest is too offensive. It's so disgusting that it smells worse than a latrine!"

As if pressing the pause button, all the rat monsters turned their heads to look at the entrance of the cave in astonishment.

I saw a cow boy suddenly appearing outside, swaying over, covering his nose and saying in disgust.

As soon as the voice fell, it was like cold water splashing on a frying pan, and the cave suddenly exploded.

"Wow~ you brave thief, but you have eaten the heart of a bear and the guts of a leopard, and dare to come to the territory of the Black-haired King to act wildly? It just so happens that everyone is tired of eating smelly meat, and a certain family will fry your skin and bones, so that the king can eat it Drink!"

An unusually thick, grey-haired, burly rat demon flew into a rage, and more and more people came out, roaring and charging.

To the boy.

Before the body arrives, the strong wind arrives first.

It seems that this burly mouse demon is following the route of outsiders' horizontal training, with a pace of movement, abundant demon power, and every move has a thousand pounds of strength, no wonder it is so arrogant.

Seeing the burly rat monster thundering at the thin boy with a thunderous punch, some rat monsters who were dizzy from drinking immediately cheered, their eyes gleaming with greed, as if the boy was already a meal in their hearts.

Suddenly, a sudden change occurred.

Seeing the young man flicker suddenly, he disappeared in an instant, and the punch that the burly rat monster was bound to win fell through.

Gullah~

Before the burly rat monster figured out the situation, it suddenly heard the sound of bone cracking, and then the angle of view suddenly changed 180 degrees.

Only then did it realize in shock that its head had been twisted behind its back.

With horror and doubt, the burly rat demon whose neck was broken swallowed his last breath and fell to the ground.

This scene was beyond the expectations of all the rat demons, and the clamor that had just recovered was silent again as if cut by a guillotine knife.

None of the rat demons present could clearly see how the young man broke his companion's neck in a flash, it's unbelievable.

The young man walked carelessly through the stunned rats, and came to a table dripping with soup. When he saw a jar of unopened wine, he slapped the mud on it and drank it like no one else was there. @

Many rat demons came back to their senses and were eager to move at first, and then retreated immediately when they saw the uncooled corpses of the burly rat demons.

The groom sits high on the big tiger-skin chair, with an ugly face as gloomy as water, and the big hands around the delicate bride's waist can't help but shrink, causing the bride to shiver in pain.

"Hey, how courageous! How dare you kill my son-in-law in front of me, who the hell is your Excellency!" the groom official shouted awe-inspiringly.

The young man drank most of the jar of wine in one go, hiccupped comfortably, and smiled with a little drunkenness in his eyes, "Ah, this wine is a bit bad, I can't drink it happily... As for who am I? I'm just a wanderer Ye Dao, it's not worth mentioning~"

There was an uproar in the cave when the boy blew his identity.

The groom officer gritted his teeth and said, "Then Your Excellency is determined to make things difficult for me?"

The young man shook his head lightly and said, "No, I am not here to make trouble with Your Excellency...but..."

After talking for a while, the boy looked around and smiled casually:

"...but to send you to blissful rebirth!".


		