

Yuan Yutang felt as if he had fallen into an abyss, and all the ghosts and ghosts he had killed or the ghosts who did evil for women all appeared and demanded their lives.

After an unknown amount of time, just as he was about to be dragged into endless darkness by those innocent souls, a powerful hand broke through the boundary and grabbed him firmly.

"Ah!!"

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath and sat up in shock.

His heart was pounding like it was about to jump out of his chest, his mind was in a daze, and he couldn't distinguish between reality and illusion for a while.

"Ben Gong, you finally woke up."

Suddenly, a burst of heroic laughter brought him to his senses.

Yuan Yutang turned around in a daze, and saw a little ape scratching his ears and cheeks squatting on a stone bench not far from him, looking at himself with a smile.

Only then did he realize that he was inexplicably in a huge cave.

Realizing that the ape had no malice towards him, he regained his ability to think a little while still in shock.

Where is this monkey sacred?

Why does it call me benefactor?

I...how am I here?

Didn't I fall to the bottom of the river after being hit by a nailed bone arrow, one of the immortal assassination artifacts?

Thinking of the nailed bone arrow, Yuan Yutang was terrified, and subconsciously stretched out his hand to touch his chest where the arrow was shot.

"Grandpa, no!"

Seeing this, the ape with a playful face immediately stopped it, but it was too late, and Yuan Yutang's hand touched his chest one step faster.

"Ah~"

The next moment, the shrill screams echoed in every corner of the cave.

Yuan Yutang felt as if he was being shocked by an electric shock, a burst of heart-piercing pain almost knocked him out, and he fell back stiffly all over immediately.

The monkey on the side had quick eyes and quick hands, and rushed to Yuan Yutang's side in an instant, dragging his neck, which prevented him from falling to the back of his head.

The moment he touched his chest just now, Yuan Yutang knew something was wrong.

Because the fatal bone-nailing arrow was still stuck in his chest.

The monkey carefully put Yuan Yutang down, shook his head and smiled wryly, "Grandfather, please redeem me for my incompetence. The bone arrow nailed into the heart is really strange and unsolvable. It has already locked the heart of Benefactor. It cannot be pulled out, and it is difficult to cure it. Fortunately, I have recently acquired a secret method of hanging life, so I can only help Engong to hang his life."

Yuan Yutang smiled wearily, and thanked weakly, "My friend is serious. I am already very grateful for your Excellency's ability to save the poor in this crisis. How dare you ask for too much? Haven't asked your name yet?" "

The monkey was startled, then jumped up and down anxiously and said, "Grandfather is so forgetful, I don't even remember..."

"It's me, Yokogawa Taisui! We had wine together two years ago! Later, thanks to benefactor's advice, Tiankou granted me the nickname of Monkey King, which made me what I am today achievement!"

Yuan Yutang was shocked when he heard the words, and looked at the monkey in disbelief, speechless.

He remembered.

On the way out of Gyeongju, Northeast Province, he was invited to a banquet by Huang Qisu, the Great Immortal of Shoushan Mountain. During the banquet, he inadvertently enlightened a monkey demon to help him become enlightened.

No wonder, no wonder the monkey monster in front of him always feels more and more familiar.

By the way, the Liusha River plotted by the water demon in him happened to be a branch of the Henghe River, so it's no wonder he was saved by the monkey demon.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but be deeply moved by the Buddhist theory of cause and effect.

If it wasn't for the accidental kind of good cause that enlightened the monkey monster to help his cultivation level soar, I'm afraid this time it would be more ominous.

Every drink and peck is determined by God, and the sages will not deceive me.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang finally remembered it, the monkey demon immediately grinned happily.

"The kindness of enlightenment is more important than Mount Tai, benefactor, don't worry, no matter what, I will find a way to help benefactor remove the nailed bone arrow, and I will definitely not sit idly by."

Although they didn't get along for a long time, Yuan Yutang instinctively knew that the monkey monster was not a person who talked nonsense.

However

And getting the promise from the monkey monster couldn't relieve his worries.

The fame of the Four Great Assassination Artifacts is too high, no matter how optimistic he is, he doesn't dare to have too high hopes that the monkey monster can find a way to save his life.

Forget it, life and death are destiny, if fate destined him to end in a tragic way, there is nothing he can do about it.

Man will conquer nature, but it is just an excuse to deceive oneself and others.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang suppressed the sadness in his heart, and had a lively conversation with the monkey monster.

Through the conversation, Yuan Yutang learned that the Monkey Demon had already crossed the Wangchuan River in the Great Demon Realm, and was about to reach the supreme realm of Wangxiangtai.

Not only that, but its nickname of Monkey King was also recognized by the imperial court, and it was conferred the title of Henghe Water Virtue Supreme Compassionate Heavenly Monarch, which is really inconceivable.

You must know that the name of Henghe Water Virtue Supreme Compassionate Heavenly King is a real god of mountains and rivers, not comparable to ordinary city gods and mountain gods, and the fortune of the country is spent in the sea.

You must know that the national destiny of the Great Xia is now precarious, and every bit of the national destiny can be used to its full potential. It has been nearly thirty years since there has been a new righteous god, let alone a real god who controls major rivers and mountains.

Yuan Yutang couldn't figure out how the royal family would use the incomparably precious fortune of the country to seal the Monkey Demon at this time.

In the end, the monkey monster gave the answer with a hearty smile.

"Hahaha, benefactor has no worries, the reason why I was able to be conferred by the imperial court as the Supreme Merciful Heavenly Monarch of Yokogawa Water Virtue is purely by chance."

Although his own future was uncertain, but he couldn't hold back his gossip, Yuan Yutang asked repeatedly, "I would like to hear more about it."

The monkey demon didn't hide it either, he laughed loudly and said:

"On a certain day a year ago, I accidentally rescued a young man who fell into the water. Who do you think that young man is?"

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and soon an extremely absurd answer popped up in his mind, and he blurted out, "You saved the current prince?"

The monkey demon shook his head and smiled disdainfully when he heard the words, "The current crown prince is not liked by the emperor, and the whole court knows this. If I save that wretch, how can I get such wealth for nothing?"

After a pause, the monkey demon pretended to be mysterious and whispered, "Hehe, the person who will be saved that day is the current seventeenth prince!"

Yuan Yutang immediately felt relieved after hearing this.

In this way, it can be explained.

Today's prince is the son of the empress, backed by the powerful uncle of the country, who has never been favored by the emperor, but the seventeenth prince is the son of the emperor's favorite concubine, Zhou Guifei, who has outstanding talent since childhood. Wu is by no means comparable to his elder brother who only relied on his mother to sit on the position of crown prince.

There have long been rumors in the outside world that the emperor is very determined to abolish the prince, and the faction of the uncle of the country is becoming more and more powerful. Sooner or later, conflicts will break out with the emperor. If the uncle of the country loses in the struggle and the prince is deposed, the ultimate beneficiary will naturally be It goes without saying.

It is no one's luck that the monkey monster can save such a natural nobleman.

With such a great achievement, it is no wonder that the emperor would voluntarily share the precious fortune of the country in return for the Monkey Demon.

The encounters between people and people, between monsters and monsters really cannot be resolved with common sense.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's unstoppable sighs, the monkey demon blushed and said, "Hahaha, speaking of which, the reason why I can win such wealth and honor is all thanks to benefactor, without benefactor's enlightenment at the beginning. , nor today’s subordinates.”

Yuan Yutang heard something in the monkey demon's words, and immediately asked hesitantly, "From what brother monkey said, could there be another story behind the drowning of the seventeenth prince?"

The monkey monster nodded, and said with a rare seriousness, "The seventeenth prince has won the favor of the emperor. This time, he came out of Beijing to cure the flood of the Henghe River that has been flooding for many years."

Yuan Yutang said, "Is the emperor building momentum for the abolished crown prince?"

"That's right, once the Seventeenth Prince has successfully cured the flood in the Henghe River, but the Crown Prince's dead body is a vegetarian meal, and the emperor mentions the abolished heir at that time, no matter how powerful the uncle is, it will be difficult to silence the public. This is an open and aboveboard conspiracy. "

"So some people don't want the Seventeenth Prince to succeed, and even want him to stay in Henghe forever?"

The monkey monster nodded solemnly, and there was still a trace of lingering fear in a pair of smart pupils.

With a look of fear, he said slowly, "Yes, the Seventeenth Prince was overconfident, so he was plotted against. The black hand behind the scenes dispatched a big demon anaconda from the Yellow Springs."

"Water monsters are inherently difficult to deal with, and with the help of Yokogawa's geographical location, the anaconda that day can be regarded as a terrifying monster that returns to the hometown of a big monster. It has mental calculations and unintentional intentions. The guards around the Seventeenth Prince are not at all. Opponents, even the highly respected royal immortal enshrinement, were defeated at the bottom of the river."

"The Seventeenth Prince's life should not be terminated. It just so happens that their fight spread to the underwater cave. Engong also knows that primates have the aura of getting up. At that time, I was disturbed and woke up from the deep cultivation, and I was immediately furious. Xie, killed the anaconda that was about to attack by mistake, and only then did the seventeenth prince escape by luck."

Although the monkey monster said it lightly, Yuan Yutang knew that the battle between it and the anaconda that day must have been extremely thrilling.

Opportunities are always reserved for those who are prepared, even if God rushes to give that person food.

If Ruo De is not compatible, it will be futile if he fails to catch the best opportunity.

After reminiscing, the monkey demon wrinkled his eyebrows and said with a smile, "It's also thanks to me that I saved the seventeenth prince, otherwise benefactor will be doomed this time."

Yuan Yutang was stunned by the jumping words of the monkey monster, and asked in puzzlement, "Brother Monkey, is it true that the way to save the poor is a reward from the Seventeenth Prince?"

The monkey demon nodded solemnly and said, "That's right, the Seventeenth Prince, in addition to repaying the favor, won the position of the Hechuan Zhengshen, the supreme and compassionate Tianjun of Henghe Water Virtue, and also presented a treasure, and he also got this treasure. Only then can the benefactor be kept safe for the time being.”

Yuan Yutang's curiosity was completely aroused, and he hurriedly asked, "I don't know what is the treasure that Brother Monkey is talking about?"

The monkey demon pouted at Yuan Yutang's waist when he heard the words, and Yuan Yutang looked down anxiously, only to see a simple and simple jade pendant hanging from his belt.

This jade pendant seemed ordinary, without any dazzling luster, as if it was just a low-quality jade pendant forged from waste jade.

Is this thing a treasure that can hang one's life from the nailed bone arrow?

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was confused, the monkey monster smiled and explained, "Benefactor doesn't know something, but this treasure has a lot of background. It is said that the love of Zhong Tian, ​​the founding ancestor of the country, has unparalleled luck, and the day when he achieves the supreme foundation will be even more precious." Being favored by the Dao of Heaven, I deliberately manifested three treasures of the country, namely the national shield, the sky-splitting sword and the dragon jade."

"What Engong is wearing now is the legendary Zhenlong jade pendant that can suppress karma and reverse yin and yang!"


		