

Yuan Yutang seemed to have had a very long dream.

In his dream, he vaguely remembered that he saw a huge strange fish, a tiger-like monster with eight heads and ten tails, and a huge white fox with a nine-day tail fighting crazily, the intensity was close to destroying the world.

The rest he doesn't remember.

But when he woke up, he was surprised to find that he was in a strange tile house, and the three of Yan Chixia, who were bandaged like mummies, were beside him.

"I... what's going on here?"

When he just woke up, his mind was not very clear for a while, causing the language system to become disordered. Yuan Yutang asked incoherently.

Li Chunyi and Yan Chixia stared at the bewildered Yuan Yutang with complicated eyes, and remained silent for a while.

"Hey, what are you looking at?"

Yuan Yutang couldn't help protesting from being stared at all over.

Li Chunyi and Yan Chixia looked at each other, and finally they were willing to speak.

It was just the first sentence that made Yuan Yutang puzzled.

"Do you remember where you got this knife from?"

Knife?

What knife?

Yuan Yutang regretfully looked in the direction Li Chunyi pointed, and was instantly dumbfounded.

On the table was a simple, long and simple war knife that still glowed with a faint red light in broad daylight.

The saber is extraordinary at first glance, not to mention its extraordinary material, just the streamlined and cool lines of the blade and the ubiquitous dense and mysterious inscriptions are enough to make any man choose it.

"Good guy, where did you get this?" Yuan Yutang was so confused that he subconsciously wanted to touch that cool sword.

"Don't touch!"

Yuan Yutang's actions made the three of them feel as if they were facing a formidable enemy, and they shouted anxiously.

Unfortunately it was too late.

choke!

A sharp crimson saber light suddenly exploded and blew out thousands of miles.

"Fuck!"

The eruption of the weird knife light was so violent that he only had time to say a few words before he felt his hands get cold and his stool burst out with blood.

"Hiss~"

Yuan Yutang grinned his teeth in pain, and gasped as he hugged his palm that was almost cut in half.

Fortunately, he retracted his hand quickly, otherwise the entire palm would have been cut off.

Where did Lao Yan and the others get such a murder weapon?

It is often said that the magic weapon is psychic, but that thing is too psychic, it is too fierce!

Wait, no!

What did Li Chunyi ask just now?

Ask if I still remember where the murderous knife came from?

In other words, I brought that thing?

Yuan Yutang was taken aback by this conclusion, and looked at Yan Chixia and the others in disbelief.

The three nodded understandingly, affirming his question.

Suddenly, the room fell into an unspeakable silence.

After pondering for a moment, Li Chunyi broke the silence, "Hehe, anyway, when we found you, the murderous knife was by your side. In order to bring the knife here, the three of us have suffered a lot. Otherwise, why do you think we would bandage the knife?" Is it so exaggerated?"

After a pause, he smiled meaningfully, "The killing of the ghost in the village has been solved, and you don't remember the origin of the murderous knife, then the most urgent thing to decide is how to deal with the aftermath. The most important."

Yan Chixia opened her mouth when she heard the words, but she didn't say anything in the end.

Chen Changsheng looked sluggish, as if he had been squeezed dry.

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang didn't find any of these abnormalities.

At this moment, his mind was in a state of confusion, looking at the murderous knife of unknown origin, he couldn't help but think of the absurd dream he had after he fell into a coma in the secret realm of One Yuan Heavy Water.

Although he had no evidence, he instinctively felt that the inexplicable appearance of the murderous knife must be related to the dream.

After hesitating again and again, he still didn't choose to speak out the doubts in his heart.

In Li Chun's eyes, the look of "it really is so" flashed away.

Things seem to be coming to an end here.

Yuan Yutang didn't have a proper way to deal with the extremely dangerous knife for the time being, but he suddenly found another problem, and quickly asked, "Where is Lanxi? Where did she go? Nothing will happen, right?"

Chen Changsheng, who was drowsy at the side, was shocked when he heard the words, and instinctively wanted to answer, but Li Chun quickly grabbed the corner of his clothes with a quick glance, and then cast a hint with his eyes, making Chen Changsheng swallow the words that came to his mouth again. .

This small move failed to escape Yuan Yutang's eyes.

"What happened, Changsheng, tell me!"

Yuan Yutang suddenly lowered his face, and questioned Chen Changsheng in a concentrated voice.

Chen Changsheng looked at his sullen senior brother, and then at Li Chunyi, his expression could not help but be entangled.

"Okay, don't embarrass the honest boy." Li Chunyi said quietly, "I didn't let him talk... Lanxi, there is indeed a small problem..."

"Take me to her immediately!"

Before Li Chun could finish speaking, Yuan Yutang stopped abruptly.

Li Chun hesitated to speak, but in the end he could only take Yuan Yutang to the next room.

Before going in, he said pointedly:

"She's inside... I hope you don't feel impulsive no matter what you see."

Yuan Yutang pushed the door and entered without hesitation.

There is a secret that he has never told anyone, including the few friends in his previous life.

In his previous life, he had a younger sister who unfortunately died of illness when he was five years old. This was a scar in his heart that would never heal in his entire life.

There is a ten-year age difference between the siblings, and he hated that sticky little tail at the beginning of his youthful rebellion, but then something happened that completely changed his mind.

That was what happened when he was thirteen and his sister was three.

He has been good-looking since he was a child, and the young Mu Ai, especially when he was young, received soft love letters from him.

Besides the sweet annoyances, this over-the-top attention brings definite troubles.

He went home after school that afternoon, but was ambushed by seven or eight unscrupulous students of the same level at the door of his house. The charge was that he harassed the goddess of the unscrupulous leader.

With one enemy against many, Yuan Yutang was naturally beaten terribly.

However, after the beating, the younger sister who sneaked out of the house saw her brother being beaten by a group, so she rushed forward desperately, using her small body to firmly protect the hateful brother who usually spoke badly to her.

Obviously he was extremely scared, but he refused to take half a step back.

Why doesn't Yuan Yutang love such a sister to the bone?

It's a pity that good people are not rewarded. My sister was killed by a sudden illness after her fifth birthday.

It took several years for Yuan Yutang to get out of the shadow of grief.

Later, his encounter with Lan Xi was also quite dramatic.

Lanxi, who had no experience in life and escaped from Qingqiu country, was forced to steal, and was arrested by the six doors as a suspect in the serial extermination case, and was cornered.

In the end, by mistake, he took Yuan Yutang, who was so seriously injured that he almost lost all his mana, as a hostage to confront the arresters.

This is their first encounter.

Although he cleared up Lan Xi's suspicion afterwards, Yuan Yutang didn't have the slightest affection for Lan Xi who was reckless and stalking at that time. No matter how bad-looking she was, he always thought about how to get rid of Lan Xi.

It's just that after experiencing the Zhizha Lishi incident, he was involved in a political game and was sent to prison. In order to save him, Lan Xi actually intended to kidnap the Fu Zun to rescue him.

How similar is this friendship, this sincerity, to the younger sister's selflessness?

It was also after that that he truly accepted Lanxi.

Although later it became clear that Lanxi was carrying a big secret and was inextricably linked with the mysterious Qingqiu fox country, it was a ticking time bomb.

He still tried his best to save Lanxi.

In the later getting along, he slowly fell in love with this heartless, innocent and kind girl.

This love is not the love between men and women, but the bond between relatives.

It can be said that Yuan Yutang transferred the guilt towards his sister from the previous life to Lan Xi, and wanted to protect her, love her, and want her to be happy, and want her to be happy from the bottom of his heart.

Otherwise, which maid would dare to be so rude to the master?

In short, he never wanted to experience the extreme pain of losing his sister in his previous life again.

So when he heard that something might happen to Lanxi, he panicked.


The room was dark, the doors and windows were closed, and the air was stale, but fortunately there was no unpleasant smell.

There is not much furniture in the simple house, a wooden bed is placed in the innermost part, and there is something wriggling in the bulging bedding.

Yuan Yutang forcibly suppressed his excitement, came to the bedside step by step, and called Lanxi in a hoarse and soft voice.

The sound was so small that even he himself was startled.

The person wriggling in the quilt froze suddenly when he heard Yuan Yutang's voice, and then quickly rolled inwards the edge of the quilt, wrapping himself tightly, and even heard faint sobs.

"Lanxi... don't be afraid, it's me, let me see you~"

Yuan Yutang's eyes were flustered, his hands were shaking, and his heart was also shaking, for fear of hearing and seeing irreparable bad news.

"Woooooooo~"

The crying in the quilt grew louder, like a little milk cat who has been wronged by the sky.

Yuan Yutang forced himself to be patient without urging, and patiently persuaded him with kind words.

After finally coming over for a moment, a little furry head poked out from under the quilt, looked at Yuan Yutang pitifully, and was about to cry, "Young master, my family, I can't change back to human form, from now on, I can't serve you any more. I'm by your side, woo woo woo~"

Yuan Yutang was stunned, and then let out a long breath, the tense heartstrings finally relaxed.

I thought something was wrong.

Unexpectedly, Lanxi just couldn't fully maintain her human form for some reason, and there were two white fluffy fox ears growing on the top of her head.

Maybe the girl and Li Chunyi thought in their hearts that breaking away from a human form was an unacceptable event, so they didn't dare to see Yuan Yutang.

But in Yuan Yutang's heart, is this a big deal?

In his previous life, he had seen so many raw meat fans, not to mention the fox-eared mother, he had seen all the outrageous ones.

Besides, it's no big deal to grow fox ears, right? If it is seen by some XP idiots who like human-shaped girls, I am afraid that they will die of happiness.

Could it be that the one who returned to her original form was not the Lan Xi whom she regarded as her younger sister?

Yuan Yutang couldn't help laughing and crying because of such a big fight over such a small matter.

Sitting down on the edge of the bed tiredly, rubbing the melon seeds on Lanxi's little head, Yuan Yutang's eyes were soft, and he smiled dotingly.

"Lanxi."

"Um?"

"I will always protect you."

"it is good!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 32 Mystery, Knife, and Sister. Read for free.




		