

The night wind suddenly rises, and the dark clouds close the moon.

The sloppy old man stood on the deserted street with an expression of disbelief all over his face.

Just now he tried to trace the location of the Painted Skin Ghost using the secret method recorded in the sect master's secret book, but unexpectedly discovered another astonishing truth.

Inside and outside the entire Gu County, there is no living person!

Every seemingly normal resident here is actually a painter? ?

This, is this true?

The sloppy old man felt chills in his heart, his back was wet with cold sweat, and his pride in wanting to fight the painted-skinned evil spirit to the end was instantly extinguished.

No, it's not the fault of the war, it is really powerless...

If there is only one Painted Skin Ghost, no matter how cruel and terrifying it is, the sloppy old man still has the courage to fight it.

But the nearly 5,000 people in the city are all Painted Skin Slaves enslaved by Painted Skin Ghosts, that's another matter.

It's not that he is timid to fight, but that he is really powerless.

Thinking of this, the sloppy old man suddenly retreated, just wanting to leave this ghost cave on earth quickly.

But before he could move, a dense crowd of people came out of the shadows all around silently, and the 'residents' with expressionless faces were like beasts that chose to eat people, and surrounded the sloppy old road tightly.

"Gudong~"

The sloppy old man's Adam's apple slipped, he swallowed hard, and his heart sank to the bottom of the valley.

The silent 'crowd' suddenly parted, and the fat-bellied Lord Linxian came out with a smile, "The night is getting dark, why does the head master hang around on the street? Could it be that he came out for a walk to digest food when he was full?"

The sloppy old Daoist forced himself to calm down, and replied with a dry smile, "Yes, yes, I was too full to eat at night, so I went out for a walk. It's getting late, and the poor Daoist will go back to rest, and the adults should also rest early~"

"Hehe~" Mr. Lin Xianzun usually had a naive and festive fat face, and at this time there was an indescribable gloomy look, and he said with a smile, "The real person really is like a mountain collapsed before him, and he is not ashamed." Change, at this point, the duck mouth is still stubborn.

Anyway, I've had enough of playing. Although your skin is old and wrinkled, the flesh and blood nourished by mana is extremely nourishing. After I eat you up, I will treasure your human skin. "

The last fig leaf was torn off, and the slovenly old man couldn't pretend to be crazy anymore, so he immediately gritted his teeth and stared at 'Lin Xianzun'.

According to my perception just now, the ghost aura of the "Linxian Zun" in the entire county is the strongest. If I guess correctly, the main body of the Painted Skin Ghost should be under that naive human skin.

"Brave ghost, how dare you disregard the family ethics and eat up the whole city for the sake of your appetite, and you are not afraid of being punished by the gods?" Breakout.

'Lin Xianzun' gave a sinister smile, and said with disdain and sarcasm, "Just let people eat livestock, and ghosts are not allowed to eat people? How can there be such a cheap reason in the world? I'm too lazy to argue with you. Remember not to meddle in your own business in the next life!"

After saying that, he waved his fat hand, and the stunned 'common people' around him moved immediately, their expressions became mad and hideous in an instant, and they rushed up like a tide.

Knowing that there is no way to be kind, the sloppy old man also gave up his luck, restrained his mind, mobilized all his mana, and prepared to fight to the death.

An old woman-like painted skin slave rushed forward with open teeth and claws, and the sloppy old man struck out with a backhand, and the thick magic power poured into his body, and the hollow painted skin suddenly exploded like a ball.

Killing a painted skin slave with one move, the sloppy old man didn't feel happy at all, because there were too many painted skin slaves.

Even if he was exhausted to death, he was no match for so many painting slaves.

Before being overwhelmed by the painted skin slaves, the sloppy old man leapt up into the air, threw the magical gourd in the air, and roared, "Hurry up like Lihuo Zhenjun's law, Lihuo Honglong, come out to help me kill the enemy! "

"Howling~"

A clear and melodious dragon chant resounded throughout the city, and then the familiar red dragon sprang out from the mouth of the gourd. Unlike during the day, the red dragon at this time was more majestic and solid, growing in the wind, and growing into a dragon in a few breaths. A huge monster ten feet away.

The sloppy old man landed on top of the dragon's head, holding the fire bong upside down, and controlled the red dragon to go straight to the Painted Skin Ghost with his mind.

"Arrogant ghost, today I want you to destroy both body and spirit, take your life!"

Facing the menacing red dragon, 'Lin Xianzun' was not afraid at all. He leaned back and tapped his toes lightly on the ground. His plump body immediately bounced away like a ball, and the black painted slave rushed forward desperately to block it .

Boom~

The red dragon crashed into the Huapinu unstoppably, and there was a loud noise. The dozens of Huapinu in the front were smashed to death without making a sound.

Although the red dragon is huge in size, amazing in brute force, and galloping like a thousand horses, its potential energy is always exhausted.

The savage charge was nearly seven or eight feet long, and after nearly a hundred painted skin slaves were smashed to pieces, the red dragon's charge was finally exhausted and it was forced to stop.

The fearless painted slaves swarmed up, hugging the red dragon, gnawed it with their mouths open, and scratched it with their hands raised. In an instant, the red dragon was covered in cuts and bruises.

Fortunately, the red dragon is not a real entity and does not know pain, otherwise this kind of ant-biting torture alone would be enough to disintegrate its combat power.

The slovenly old man's expression became more and more livid, and his mana ran along the Yongquan acupoint on the soles of his feet to maintain his red dragon shape.

With the blessing of mana, the red dragon was exhausted, raised its head and screamed, its huge body twisted and swept across, and the ants attached to it were immediately thrown into the air, screaming again and again.

Although the red dragon was mighty, it still couldn't escape the fate of ants catching dead elephants. It persisted for nearly half a stick of incense, tearing up nearly 500 painted skin slaves. Immediately after a whimper, it turned into bright fluorescence and dissipated on the spot.

The slovenly old man also fell to the ground, breathing heavily and showing exhaustion, obviously exhausted.

However, there were still too many painted skin slaves present, and the evil painted skin ghost even sat leisurely on the human ladder built by more than a dozen painted skin slaves, admiring the heroic scene of the sloppy old man outnumbered by the crowd.

At the moment of the deadly battle, even though he hated the Painted Skin Ghost in his heart, the sloppy old man didn't bother to scold and vent, and continued to fight hard.

In the hands of the sloppy old man, the flaming bong seemed to turn into a magic weapon. The painter would die if he touched it, and he would be injured if he rubbed it.

It's a pity that after the eruption, the sloppy old man couldn't continue, the mana in his body was almost dry, and the situation was extremely critical.

"Ho ho ho..."

The sloppy old man's eyelids were raised, his bun was loose, and his gray hair was wet with sweat and pressed against his cheeks. Every time he took a breath, his lungs felt like burning pain, and his heart felt miserable.

Knowing that his death is approaching, unless the Da Luo God appears, there is no reason for him to escape.

Up to now, his only regret is that he failed to accept Yuan Yutang as an apprentice in time, which resulted in the interruption of his inheritance as soon as he died, and he couldn't help regretting it.

The painted skin slaves would not kindly give him time to rest and recover, they rushed forward one after another, seeing that the sloppy old man was about to die on the spot.

Suddenly, a black shadow approached from far away like lightning, invincible along the way, and all the painted skin slaves who stood in the way were knocked away.

"The law of the law~"

"I'm sorry, I was delayed by these ghosts on the way back. Fortunately, I didn't arrive too late. Are you okay, Daoist?"

The resonant horse whining rang through his ears, followed by the familiar immature voice, the sloppy old man forced his eyes to look, his heart tightened, he was both surprised and delighted.

Because the person who came was Yuan Yutang who had gone and returned!


		