

As soon as the voice fell, a needle could be heard in the elegant boudoir.

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment before he came back to his senses. Just about to speak, his eyes widened suddenly.

She didn't know when she got up from the soft couch and sat on the grand teacher's chair. The picturesque and exquisite dimple seemed to be rippling with strange brilliance under the flickering lights, and her jet-black jewel-like eyes seemed to be covered with mist. Like a smile but not a smile, a frown but not a frown, the organdy-wing tulle that had not been replaced during the performance just now spread out like a waterfall due to the sitting posture, and a large expanse of white and snowy spring light was exposed in the air.

The most terrible thing is her pair of slender beautiful legs that overlap, there seems to be infinite magic power under the shadow that the light can't reach, firmly attracting the eyes of the inpatient Yutang.

Musk caressed delicate dimples intentionally or unintentionally, caressed the slender neck, caressed the delicate collarbone, all the way down, until it blocked Yuan Yutang's sight.

"Brother, is sister beautiful?" Musk's eyes were like silk, and the small cherry mouth made a charming hissing sound.

Yuan Yutang nodded mechanically as if he had lost his soul, and said in a dumb voice, "Beauty, my sister is the most beautiful woman in the world."

Musk couldn't help laughing coquettishly when he heard the words, and immediately got up from the grand master's chair with a scent of fragrance, and walked to Yuan Yutang's side, with two jade arms like snow lotus root wrapped around Yuan Yutang's neck, and then the whole body was stuck Going up, exhaling in his ear like a randy voice, "Then, are you willing to spend a good night with your sister?"

During the speech, Musk's beautiful eyes shone coldly.

Sure enough, as she expected, as long as Yuan Yutang relaxes his vigilance, it is easy to fall for her seductive charm.

As long as Yuan Yutang dared to nod his head, she would absorb all his energy.

She is a vixen, and it is her nature to harm people. It is rare to meet such a talented young man with superb cultivation and good looks. How can there be any reason to let him go?

As for how to explain to Huang Qisu after Yuan Yutang was killed?

joke!

She, Xinyuehu, and Empress Meixian, who do she need to explain to?

Having the ability to let Huang Qisu come to her to settle accounts, just settled the previous grievances!

Just when Musk was full of anticipation and ready to feast, he suddenly heard a joking voice:

"I reject!"

Suddenly, Musk looked up as if seeing a ghost, and saw Yuan Yutang's eyes were clear, which did not seem to be a sign of being charmed at all.

Musk immediately understood that Yuan Yutang was playing tricks on her, and couldn't help but become furious, and slapped Yuan Yutang ferociously.

Unexpectedly, the palm that was bound to be won unexpectedly fell through.

Slightly taken aback, Musk saw Yuan Yutang appearing in another corner of the room, looking at her with a strange smile and not speaking.

"Shen Xing Jia Ma Talisman?" Musk asked with a gloomy face.

Yuan Yutang nodded with a smile, "Your Majesty is indeed well-informed, and she is the magic horse talisman that travels thousands of miles in a day."

Musk snorted coldly, shot out his evil spirit, and shouted coldly, "How did you get rid of my concubine's enchantment?"

Since her debut, it was the first time that her charms failed, so she was eager to find out the reason.

"Your Majesty, this is not an attitude of asking others." Yuan Yutang said with a confident smile, "But since you are asking a question sincerely, I might not be able to satisfy you. It's just as a condition of conversation, can you send the reference Tell me about the boy?"

"No!" Musk resolutely refused.

"No one has ever dared to play tricks on my empress like this. If I let you go so easily, what face will I have on my empress!"

Yuan Yutang seemed to have a countermeasure, and smiled calmly, "Face is certainly important, but in the face of the benefits that are readily available, how should the empress make a choice, shouldn't she talk too much?"

Musk burst out laughing, and said sarcastically

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, "What a sharp-tongued little bull-nosed man, do you still naively think that you have the ability to impress my mother?"

"In that case, how about making a bet with your empress?" Yuan Yutang smiled gently.

Musk seemed to be aroused to be competitive, raised his eyebrows, and said with a sneer, "Why don't you dare? It's just that if you lose the bet, then you have to obediently hand over your wealth and life to my mother, how about it?"

Yuan Yutang smiled indifferently, "Your Majesty is indeed courageous, and I admire you. But you can't have only one party betting in a game. Since you have made a bet, relatively speaking, Pindao also has to put forward a condition. If you lose , Pindao doesn’t force anything else, as long as you tell the truth about Shen Tongzi.”

"Then it's a deal!"

"It's a deal!"

After confirming the bet, Musk smiled belatedly, "I almost fell for your cunning trick, and you tricked my sister into the game without knowing what to bet. Your mouth will definitely deceive all the girls in the world in the future." ~"

Yuan Yutang smiled and said, "Your Majesty, don't entertain the poor Taoist. The reason why you agreed to the bet without even asking is because you firmly believe that the poor Taoist will not win you? Have you ever seen a lion, a tiger and an ant bet and would you consider it?" ?”

"Hehe, you little brat, you can talk quite well, I'm very happy to coax my sister~" Musk began to rekindle his charm again, flirting with all kinds of coquettish eyes.

Yuan Yutang smiled helplessly and said, "Let's gossip, please call the younger generation of the whole clan over here at will."

"What are you going to do?" Musk asked warily.

"We'll know when we get there." Yuan Yutang began to sell Guanzi.

Musk's face turned cold, and he clapped his hands without asking any further questions, and someone pushed the door open.

"The slave family has seen the empress and the young master."

Yuan Yutang was quite surprised, because he was very familiar with the visitor.

It was the beautiful woman who first greeted him.

She is also Xinyue Fox?

As expected, Xinyue Fox is the best at hiding his breath among the fox clan, and he can hide it from him face to face.

Musk seemed very satisfied with Yuan Yutang's astonished gaze, and snorted softly, indicating that Yuan Yutang could start.

Yuan Yutang understood, went up boldly, and said with a warm smile, "Dare to ask my sister Fang's name, what is the current state?"

As soon as this remark came out, Musk and the glamorous woman were both stunned, a little confused about what kind of medicine Yuan Yutang was selling in the gourd.

Realm is the biggest taboo of every immortal cultivator. It can be guessed by others, but there is no reason to tell the truth. Once people find out the details, it is easy to cause disasters.

The glamorous woman glanced at Musk with some embarrassment.

Musk didn't care, and motioned for the beautiful woman to answer truthfully.

The glamorous woman had no choice but to answer with a low eyebrow and pleasing to the eye, "The red tide of my family has been practicing for 153 years since enlightenment, and now I am ashamed of living in the fairy realm, and it is still far from the monster realm. It makes me laugh."

Yuan Yutang nodded in satisfaction, and immediately said something astonishing to Musk.

"Mother, do you dare to believe that Pindao can help sister Hongchao break through the monster realm with a single word?"

In an instant, neither Musk nor the beautiful woman could believe their ears.

Break the ground with a single word?

What are you kidding?

There is no such absurd thing in the world!

Unless it's that mysterious boy from Northeast Road...

and many more!

Musk suddenly widened his eyes, looked at the confident and smiling Yuan Yutang in disbelief, and said in surprise, "You, you are the mysterious boy who made a prophecy, Tiankou conferred the title of the Great Saint?"

The glamorous woman was dumbfounded, her beautiful eyes were full of surprise and longing.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Yuan Yutang was not surprised that Musk had heard about his deeds, and it was rare for him to pretend to be coercive, and he was just about to admit it.

In the end, before he could speak, Musk muttered to himself, "Yes, it is rumored that the young man performed a miracle at the old thief's banquet, no wonder, no wonder the old thief appointed you to inquire about San Tongzi, I see……"

Yuan Yutang's mouth opened, and he was full of wailing.

After finally pretending to be tough, can't you let me finish pretending?

I let you say it all, so what can I say?

After figuring out the key point, Musk was no longer as frivolous as before, and looked at Yuan Yutang more cautiously.

After hesitating for a while, she said to Hong Chao, who was waiting anxiously, with a blank face, "It's none of your business here, step back!"

I didn't know it just now, but now I know that Yuan Yutang is the Man of Destiny coveted by all the monsters in the world, how can she give up the precious chance of imperial seal to the irrelevant Hong Chao.

"Your Majesty, this..." The opportunity to rewrite fate is at hand, even if Hong Chao is in awe of Musk, he can't help but make the last struggle.

"Get out!"

Musk was suddenly furious, and the awe-inspiring and terrifying aura pressed down on Hong Chao like an overwhelming mountain.

Hong Chao felt as if he had died countless times in an instant, and he didn't dare to entangle him any more, he scrambled and left the room.

Yuan Yutang watched the whole process with cold eyes, and only after Hong Chao left did he ask with a half-smile, "Sister Empress, then the bet is considered poor, right?"

Musk, smiling like a flower, gave Yuan Yutang a charming look, and made a gesture to hit him again.

Yuan Yutang was startled, quickly dodged, jumped to the other side of the room, and said with a sullen face, "Sister promised not to embarrass the poor, is it true that words don't count?"

Seeing Yuan Yutang treating her like a scourge, Musk suddenly couldn't laugh or cry, and said depressedly, "Your Majesty is so cruel, is it true that you really don't want to see your sister so much?"

Ignoring Musk's pretended sadness, Yuan Yutang just stared at her without speaking.

After a while, Musk gritted his teeth speechlessly, "Hmph, you've won!"

Finally hearing the answer he wanted, Yuan Yutang let out a deep breath.

He was really terrified of this ever-changing witch.

He couldn't beat him, but he didn't dare to hit him, and he couldn't stop being seduced by her, but he couldn't do anything about it.

Yuan Yutang regretted that he came to see this vixen instead of Huang Qisu.

Fortunately, the matter is about to be resolved smoothly, Yuan Yutang immediately said solemnly, "Then please tell me the information about Tongzi Shen in detail."

Words that are said are quite splashing water. The agreement between the two just now is a kind of oath to some extent.

Musk snorted arrogantly and coldly, "What kind of character is my lady? Is she going to lie to you? I can tell you about the boy, but you have to tell my lady first, how did you break the slave's charm just now?" ?”

Unexpectedly, Musk was still thinking about this matter.

Yuan Yutang pointed to his dark red eyes, and said with an inscrutable smile, "Hehe, Pindao has eaten the flesh of a wild beast."

Musk suddenly realized, "It turned out to be the trait of 'not confusing', regardless of being able to ignore the charm of the slave family.

"Okay, I've given you everything you want, so it's your turn to fulfill your promise?" Yuan Yutang said impatiently.

Musk rolled her beautiful eyes angrily.

"Okay, since you want to die, I will help you!"

"Listen carefully, Shen Tongzi, whom Huang Qisu has been thinking about, is currently hiding in the ancestral court of the Sword Immortals in the World - Qingtian Peak!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		