

Yuezhou, Yunshu Road, the fifth day of November.

Countless people with a radius of hundreds of miles traveled long distances to Qingtian Peak with their children in the middle of the night.

The eyes of the common people are all earnest, and the children's eyes are full of longing. For a while, both the official roads and the mountain trails are overcrowded, and it is more lively than New Year's Eve.

The reason why the common people are so fanatical is because today is the annual acceptance day of Qingtian Peak, the world-renowned Sword Immortal School.

After entering the fairy family, he practiced longevity.

Since ancient times, mortals have been full of longing and fantasies about longevity.

It's a pity that the fate of immortality is slim, and not everyone has the opportunity to embark on the road of cultivating immortality.

But this does not prevent them from being envious of the fairy warlocks.

In their view, as long as they can become a member of the fairy family, it is undoubtedly the best way to honor their ancestors and change their destiny.

The so-called one person attains the Tao, chickens and dogs ascend to heaven.

Therefore, as long as the descendants have a slight chance to step into the threshold of spiritual practice, they will seize the opportunity at all costs.

It is this enthusiasm that has led to such a spectacle before us.

Among the crowded and slow-moving crowd, a pair of seemingly ordinary farm father and son were talking in a low voice.

My father was a dark farmer with his face facing the sky in the loess of the Northern Dynasty.

The son was an eight-year-old boy with a ponytail, rough skin, and an unremarkable appearance. He held his father's hand tightly, as if being scattered by the crowd.

Nong Han followed the crowd mechanically, looked left and right, and asked his son nervously, "Is that all right?"

Xiaotong maintained a timid and shy appearance, and replied in a weak voice like a mosquito, "Don't panic, just follow the agreement before."

"But..." Nong Han didn't relax because of his son's comfort. Instead, he became more uneasy and muttered anxiously, "... Can those immortals on the mountain really hide it? The old man is timid. You're not good at lying, are you?"

The little boy's face turned cold when he heard the words, and he calmly increased the strength of his palm, and said softly, "You have taken the benefit, are you going to regret it?"

Nong Han froze immediately, and hurriedly denied, "Don't dare, I don't have the courage to go back on my word, but I'm really worried, after all, what we are going to do is to deceive the gods~"

"You don't dare to offend the Shangxian, so why didn't you tell me when you took the benefits?" The boy stared at Nonghan coldly, and threatened in a cold voice, "Could it be that Huang Daxian is easier to bully in your heart? "

Nong Han fell into an ice cave, just about to explain.

"Forbidden speech!" Xiao Tong snorted coldly first, Nong Han immediately fell silent.

Because they have already stepped into the boundary of Qingtian Peak, there are two young disciples with haughty expressions in front of the mountain gate who are diverting and guiding them.

"If you are under five, go to the left, if you are under ten, go to the middle, if you are under thirteen, go to the right, if you are over thirteen, please go back."

The words were indifferent and stiff, leaving no room for negotiation at all.

Several parents whose children were obviously overage wanted to argue unwillingly, but unfortunately, the contemptuous eyes of a pair of young disciples immediately lost their courage, and they sighed and took the children back the same way.

Seeing this, the people around were not disturbed, and there were even quite a few gloating expressions.

There is no way, one radish and one hole, Qingtian Peak has a limited number of apprentices every year, they are still afraid that their children will not be able to make it, so there is no time to sympathize with others.

Nong Han lowered his head, walked stiffly and led the children to the middle line, trembling slightly due to excessive fear.

see you

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

There is nothing he can do about it, and he can only hope that Nong Han will not lose the chain at a critical moment.

Such a precocious child is naturally the identity Yuan Yutang disguised by using the transformation of the fetus.

There is no way, Qingtian Peak, as one of the seven schools and five mountains of Taoist sects in the world today, is full of masters and heavily guarded.

Wanting to forcibly break into the door to steal Shen Tongzi is undoubtedly an idiot's nonsense.

Therefore, the only way Huang Qisu could think of was to take advantage of the only good opportunity of Qingtian Peak to open the mountain gate to recruit disciples, and to find a good opportunity to cooperate internally and externally, maybe there is a chance of success.

It's no wonder that Huang Qisu bluntly said that except for Yuan Yutang, no one else can do it.

Qingtian Peak is extremely strict in accepting apprentices, and has always only accepted children under the age of thirteen, even if they are only one day overage.

And it takes more than ten generations of innocent people to have the opportunity to enter the mountain to practice.

From Yuan Yutang's point of view, it was even more perverted than civil servants' political trials on earth.

It's easy to find innocent people, nothing more than coercion and temptation, but for a boy under the age of thirteen who has the guts to go undercover on Qingtian Peak to plot Chongbao Shentongzi, there is no other candidate in the world except Yuan Yutang.

The Nonghan family who was carefully selected originally had an eight-year-old son, and his age did not match Yuan Yutang's. If he didn't handle it well, it might become a flaw, but for Yuan Yutang, who possessed the magical power of Tiangang, he could transform the fetus into shape. Say, it's not a big deal at all.

Although he is not as proficient in controlling the transformation of the fetus as the wind and rain, once he uses his supernatural powers, he will definitely be the son of Nonghan. Can't tell the truth from the fake.

Yuan Yutang had arrived in Yuezhou City more than ten days earlier for the manpower round arranged by Huang Qili. He used these days to get familiar with the customs of Yuezhou City and the information of the Nonghan family, and finally waited until the fifth day of the lunar new year.


It has to be said that Qingtian Peak is very efficient in testing children's roots.

Only half a day has passed, and nearly 90% of the crowds have basically been eliminated.

Cultivating immortals is no child's play, root talent is especially important.

If the roots are not up to the standard, let alone worshiping at the mountain gate, even if you are serving as a servant, you will not be accepted.

After such a long period of psychological struggle, Nong Han also recognized the truth.

If he dared to retreat at this time, not to mention Huang Jiaxian who had benefited him would not let him go, Qing Tianfeng's accountability alone would be enough for him to eat.

So the only thing he can do is to go to the dark.

Sensing the changes in Nonghan, Yuan Yutang couldn't help secretly heaving a sigh of relief.

Many times the failure is not due to incomplete planning or weak executors, but because of being held back by pig teammates.

It's not like he's worked so hard to prepare for so long and fall short.

There were fewer and fewer people, and soon it was Yuan Yutang's turn.

The person in charge of the inspection was a thin man with a sharp mouth and monkey cheeks, wearing a moonlight robe, he looked like a monkey wearing a crown.

"Where is this person coming from?" the thin monkey man sat in front of the desk with his legs crossed and asked casually.

Nong Han hurriedly stepped forward with an apologetic smile and answered cautiously, "Report to the Immortal, the villain is from Zhoujia Village, Shanling County, Yuezhou. This is the clumsy son Zhou An, who is eight years old this year. An'er, why don't you say hello to the Immortal?"

Yuan Yutang pretended to be afraid of strangers, and hid behind Nong Han, not daring to show his head.

The skinny monkey smiled, and said arrogantly, "You are a peasant, you know everything before asking questions, and it saves my saliva. All right, don't talk too much, let your son Go forward and test the sword."

Nong Han Wen Yan Lian

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Busily nodding and bowing, it should be, then pretending to scold, dragging Yuan Yutang in front of him.

Yuan Yutang looked at the eight small swords placed on the desk of the skinny monkey man, and immediately felt novelty.

Qingtian Peak is the ancestral court of the Sword Immortal, and it attaches the most importance to the resonance between the disciples and the sword, so the test of the root bone is to test whether the child is destined for the sword.

The eight small swords in turn represent the deep edge of the sword. As long as they can resonate with the two small swords, they can enter the mountain gate and become the envied disciple of the immortal family in the eyes of ordinary people.

"Come on, touch the eight test swords one by one, there are still people waiting behind." The skinny monkey guy didn't even bother to explain the rules, and kept urging.

Nong Hannuo repeatedly apologized, and then anxiously pushed Yuan Yutang, who was pretending, to come forward.

Yuan Yutang's performance today is still as stable as ever, perfectly interpreting children's ignorance, ignorance and helplessness in the face of unknown situations.

Finally, pretending to muster up courage, he cautiously reached out to touch the first trial sword.

"Buzz!"

Just as Yuan Yutang's hand touched the little sword, there was a clear and clear sword cry, which immediately startled Nong Han and Skinny Monkey.

The thin monkey man stared at Yuan Yutang who was at a loss as if he had done something wrong, his eyes were full of surprise.

Under normal circumstances, only those who are astoundingly talented and brilliant will cause the sword to scream when they touch the sword for the first time, such as Baili Yinghua, the most outstanding contemporary disciple of Qingtian Peak.

Could it be that this unattractive black boy in front of him is also a peerless sword embryo like Baili Yinghua?

The thin monkey man suppressed the horror in his heart, showed a stiff smile, and said in relief, "Hehe, don't panic, my friend, please continue to try the sword."

Yuan Yutang pretended to hesitate and glanced at the worried Nong Han, and got Nong Han's approval before continuing to try the sword.

choke!

board!

hum!

It was as if a strange tune was played on the scene. When Yuan Yutang touched the three swords, they all caused strange sword sounds.

The skinny monkey man was frightened to death, his eyes were extremely complicated, there was both excitement and jealousy.

Because being able to dig out an excellent sword embryo under his own hands, no matter what the follow-up is, it is a great achievement for him.

But he really hated the days when he was crushed by a talented genius, even if it wasn't him who was crushed.

Under the tangled eyes of the skinny monkey man, the four test swords at the back seemed to be out of order, no matter how Yuan Yutang touched them, they didn't respond.

Seeing this, the thin monkey man was both disappointed and gloating.

Four of the Eight Swords Cry, Gen Gu's aptitude is middle to high, but not to the point where Baili Yinghua makes his peers feel desperate.

Heaving a sigh of relief, the thin monkey man regained the pride that the children of Qingtian Peak should have, glanced lightly at the Nonghan father and son who hesitated to speak, and said calmly, "The qualifications of the root bones are not bad, let's stay. Someone will arrange it later.”

When Nong Han heard the words, he felt as if he had received an amnesty. He didn't even have time to say goodbye, and hurriedly turned around and ran away, as if he was afraid that the skinny monkey would regret it.

Yuan Yutang looked at the back of Nong Han running wildly, wondering if he was afraid of this?

Forget it, I finally achieved the expected goal, and I don't bother to care about this abnormality.

The reason why the eight swords call four is just the result of Yuan Yutang's deliberate control.

Just kidding, he is a big boss in the real world, how could he be stumped by the sword test of ordinary people?

Too flamboyant will attract attention, too mediocre will make it difficult to move an inch, and the best is the upper-middle aptitude, which is just convenient for him to move.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		