

In the endless mist, the huge figure standing upright made a thunderous voice:

"Little devil, do you need my help?"

Yuan Yutang was slightly stunned by the huge sound, and it took him a while to recover, his face suddenly became ugly.

"Hahaha, you alone will never be able to break free from the shackles of that exotic magic weapon, and what the blond girl said was not a threat, and now only I can help you!"

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth, and said harshly, "So you deliberately stood by and watched?"

The huge figure laughed wildly, "You don't think that this seat is willing to turn into a pack bull for you to drive, do you? This seat can't wait to tear your corpse into pieces. Don't you expect this seat to be kind and save you?"

After a pause, the huge figure said contemptuously, "But who is called benevolent and righteous? It is the worst thing to see people suffer, even if it is you, a shameless thief."

"How? Now you only need a word, and this seat can save you from the sea of ​​suffering, and help you eat that little girl by the way."

"Look, what a bargain? Such good things don't happen often!"

Yuan Yutang's face was as dark as the bottom of a pot, and finally he couldn't take it anymore, he roared and interrupted the talking of the huge figure, "Put your mother's shit on!"

"I would rather hand over the Bright Cross to protect myself, and I will definitely not take it easy on you!"

"You want to blackmail me in exchange for freedom? Be your mother's dream!"

As soon as the words fell, the mist seemed to boil instantly, and a terrifying pressure as heavy as a mountain descended crazily.

The huge figure's eyes, as huge as a lake, were full of murderous intent.

Yuan Yutang was not afraid at all, and looked at him with wide eyes.

After a long time, the huge figure suppressed endless anger and roared, "You have the kind! Remember what you said today, if you have the ability, don't ask me to take action for the rest of your life! Anyway, as long as you are killed, I can regain my freedom. See Who can't stand it first!"

Yuan Yutang sneered tit for tat and said, "Don't worry, I will definitely find a way to drag you to the bottom of my body before I die!"

These words completely enraged the giant figure, who could no longer suppress the suppressed anger, and slapped Yuan Yutang angrily like the sky was falling.

Yuan Yutang sneered, as if turning a blind eye, neither dodging nor dodging, completely ignoring the terrifying slaps that were enough to smash him to pieces countless times.

It was too late to say it, and he was about to be patted into a meat paste.

Suddenly.

There was a gigantic ancestral hall of white bones falling from the sky like a continent, pressing down on the huge figure like lightning.

"Ahhh~ This seat is not convinced, how can I succumb to the hands of a shameless thief like you!"

The huge figure resisted fiercely, cursing madly.

It's a pity that under Yuan Yutang's mocking eyes, despite his huge size, he still couldn't bear the weight of the Bone Shrine, and was completely suppressed in the depths of the mist with endless unwillingness and resentment.

"Bah, what the hell, you dare to take advantage of the fire with me?" Yuan Yutang spat disdainfully, but soon his face collapsed, and the bitterness returned to his heart.

It is obvious that the huge figure is the demon king Mokui who was tamed by him that day.

It must be known that although the Temple of the Bone of the Immortals is infinitely magical and has no threshold for use, it consumes real Yuanshou.

With Yuan Yutang's mortal body, even a hundred years of life would not be able to consume the terrifying life essence of the devil.

Mo Kui was also afraid that the fool would perish with him.

So the two urgently negotiated a countermeasure at the critical moment of life and death.

Mokui promised to help him unconditionally once in the future, and Yuan Yutang will release him to be free afterwards, and he cannot deliberately ask him to die, otherwise the agreement will be void.

After weighing the pros and cons, Yuan Yutang also agreed, so he was able to successfully subdue this vicious demon king.

After that, Mo Kui was forced to turn into a big green bull for Yuan Yutang to ride on.

This pair of plastic allies wanted to kill each other in their dreams. The reason why Yuan Yutang was easily caught up and captured by Monica was that he dared to use his head as a guarantee.

Want to blackmail yourself with this?

Yuan Yutang would rather die than allow him to do so.

Consciousness returned to the body, Yuan Yutang frowns.

Seeing that the sky is about to dawn, with the fanatical character of the saints, God knows how she will torture her to extract a confession.

Could it be this. _o_m

Is it really doomed?

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang felt ashamed.

While thinking wildly, the dilapidated mountain temple was illuminated by a cluster of light, and the endless darkness receded like a tide.

Monica, who was lying on the haystack, was outlined by the first rays of light in the early morning. She had blond hair and snow-skinned body, with a voluptuous figure, as beautiful as an oil painting.

Seeing Monica's trembling eyelids, Yuan Yutang, who had a mournful face, wailed endlessly in his heart.

"Hmm~"

The delicate Qiong nose with perfect curvature let out a lazy hum, but Yuan Yutang was not in the mood to appreciate the infinite style of the beauty who just woke up from a spring sleep, and felt as heavy as a prisoner about to go to the execution ground.

In fact his situation was much the same.

Monica stretched her waist, and her plump bust formed an amazing arc. After moving her body slightly, she got up and said to Yuan Yutang, "How, have you considered it?"

Yuan Yutang remained silent with a sullen face.

"Oh, why bother?" Monica sighed quietly, rolled up her sleeves, and said expressionlessly, "Since the toast is not punished, then you can't blame me for being immoral, I hope you can last longer ..."

As he said that, he flipped his hand, and there was an inexplicably extra piece of broken tile. His eyes wandered back and forth on Yuan Yutang's body, as if he was looking for the best position to strike.

Suddenly Yuan Yutang's hair stood on end, and his body moved back involuntarily.

Monica pressed on step by step until Yuan Yutang could not retreat.

"It's too late to regret it now, I just want to get back the holy object, I really don't want to hurt your life, but if I do it once, it's impossible to stop halfway, I hope you think carefully!"

Yuan Yutang was extremely embarrassed when he heard this, but he gritted his teeth and refused to say anything.

Monica shook her head in disappointment, no longer taking chances.

Just when she was about to strike, Yuan Yutang yelled suddenly, "Wait!"

Monica's expression changed, and she withdrew her arm with a half-smile, "Have you figured it out?"

Yuan Yutang looked downcast, and said weakly like a discouraged ball, "You are cruel, my master admits it! If you let me go, I will tell you the whereabouts of the Bright Cross."

Monica laughed sarcastically, "Do you think I'm easy to cheat? If I let you go, I'll still have something to eat?"

Yuan Yutang said with ashen face, "Then tell me, what's the relationship between Ornov and you?"

Upon hearing Onof's name, Monica visibly shook her head.

At this moment, a stern look flashed across the eyes of Yuan Yutang, who seemed to be desperate, his feet miraculously broke free from the tightly bound magic chains, his waist suddenly exerted force, and he kicked hard like a grasshopper.

bump!

It was so unexpected that Monica didn't react at all, and was kicked on her proud bust by two muddy feet.

The huge force pushed her feet off the ground and fell seven or eight feet away.

Taking advantage of this for a long time, Yuan Yutang turned over with all his strength and rushed out of the temple desperately.

Just as he ran out of the temple, Monica's furious scream came from behind him.

"Ahhh, Yuan Yutang, I'm going to tear your corpse into thousands of pieces!"

Yuan Yutang shrank his neck in fright, and ran desperately into the woods.

Along the way, while paying attention to avoiding the big trees blocking the way, he felt regretful and regretful.

Alas, the time is still too short.

If he was given another half a day, he would be able to break free from the magic chain completely.

At that time, it is still unknown who will be the knife and who will be the fish!

Pity!

The reason why he was able to break free from the shackles of the magic chain unexpectedly was due to the "Miscellaneous Secret Arts", a complete collection of secret arts in the world.

Among them is the bone shrinking technique, which records the secret of stealing the door.

Last night, he tried everything to no avail. He tried the bone shrinking technique on the luck of a dead horse as a living horse doctor, but he didn't expect that it really shook the magic lock like the tarsus.

Ecstatically, he struggled all night until dawn, but unfortunately Monica woke up too early, if he could be two or three hours later, he would be able to break free completely.

Although he was lucky enough to free his legs now, most of his mana is still deeply imprisoned, and his strength is about one-tenth of his heyday.

Such a state is absolutely not an enemy of Monica.

For today.

The trick is to stay away from that tigress as much as possible, and after he is released from the imprisonment, this hatred will definitely not be forgotten!

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth with hatred, but he wanted to stay away from Monica, but the reality was counterproductive.

call out!

A white light came through the sky rapidly.

Yuan Yutang's dead soul was terrified, and he rushed forward in a hurry.

There was only a loud bang, followed by sawdust flying around and rattling in my ears.

Yuan Yutang was terrified, and saw with his own eyes that a big tree that was hugging two people was blown up in the middle.

He was only halfway up when he heard a series of rapid cracking sounds. Error-free update@

"Yuan Yutang, you can't escape, just accept death obediently!"

Yuan Yutang's face turned dark when he heard it.

The big ponies are going crazy!

Boom, boom, boom~

A series of deafening explosions sounded continuously in the woods. Dozens of big trees collapsed one after another like dominoes being knocked down. The terrifying movement startled a flock of birds.

Yuan Yutang seemed to be walking on the tightrope of the god of death, dodging left and right to escape under the bombardment of Monica's covering vitality.

He was the one who drove Hong Yasha into a corner yesterday, but he didn't expect Feng Shui to take turns, and it was his turn to experience the taste after a day.

Monica is completely red-eyed, as long as there is a slight possibility, she will never let Yuan Yutang go, and she will bite on the back and bombard indiscriminately.

Yuan Yutang sprinted with his head buried in panic.

Sudden.

The front foot he stepped out suddenly emptied, and the whole person lost his balance and fell forward.

"Ahhh~"

In the weightless state, he realized that he had escaped to the edge of a cliff unintentionally.

Fortunately, there is a rushing river under the cliff.

However, according to his visual observation, the cliff is at least nearly twenty feet high from the river.

Falling down straight like this, the river surface is almost the same as the concrete floor.

It's just that the matter has come to this point, he can only adjust his posture as much as possible to avoid more injuries.

With a plop, there was a splash of water nearly ten feet high, and he disappeared in the river immediately.

After a few breaths, Monica also rushed over without thinking about it. She jumped, drew a beautiful parabola in the air, and plunged into the water. .


		