

boom!

Like a missile attack, the carefully manicured artificial pond in the backyard of the Li family suddenly exploded, and large clusters of water splashed several floors high.

Yuan Yutang was punched into the pond several feet deep, and countless sludge wrapped him into a clay figurine.

Fortunately, his physical body in self-burning state is ten times stronger than normal, so there is no serious problem.

Before he could pull himself out of the mud, a new murderous intent came again.

"Wow~"

Zigui struck like a cannonball, countless sharp bone spurs sprouted from his rotten and withered body, like a meteor hammer hitting Yuan Yutang.

""Fist Gang", the immortal asks the way!"

Yuan Yutang was naturally unwilling to wait for the slaughter, and fought back angrily.

touch~

It was another shocking head-on blow, which immediately caused violent air ripples.

The bone spurs all over Zigui's body were shattered, and he howled and threw it away, while Yuan Yutang was pushed deeper into the bottom of the pool by the counter-shock force.

Countless smelly and soft mud buried him.

The next moment, he reappeared on the ground out of thin air.

Naturally, it is attributed to the miraculous golden light supernatural power.

Only then did Yuan Yutang understand what it means to "be able to use supernatural powers but hate less".

Damn it, if it wasn't for Liujia's supernatural powers being banned, thousands of gods would come to help him with just one order, so why would he be in such a mess?

Alas, I hope that the next time the supernatural powers will not be supplementary supernatural powers such as Zongdi Jinguang and Embryo Transformation, Papa Gushu will come with a powerful attacking supernatural power~

The aches and pains all over his body interrupted his reverie, and he couldn't help but feel depressed.

This is a signal that the body is reaching its limit.

It seems like the national football team now, there is not much time left...

"Howling~"

"Wow~"

After fighting for so long, the mother-son-son ghost has not been weak at all, but has become stronger and stronger. It was just at the level of the gate of hell just now, but now it feels to Yuan Yutang that he is about to step into the road of hell at any time.

You can't delay any longer, or you will surely die!

Although Yuan Yutang was shocked, he didn't panic, because he still had two killer maces that he hadn't used yet.

Although it would be a pity to use it now, if the situation is really irreparable, you have to fight everything.

The ghosts of the mother and son who share the same mind and realm come again, and Yuan Yutang concentrates on fighting.

This time, it may not only be the competition, but also life and death.

Panting heavily, Ma San hurried on the undulating roof beams, chasing three or four ferocious ghosts behind him.

He is arrogant and boundless on weekdays. It is true that God is number one and Lao Tzu is number two. He is like a lost dog.

It's not his fault, it's because Tongzhou City is too dangerous now.

Ever since the Tiangou Eclipse, countless terrifying ghosts have suddenly appeared in the city.

Ordinary people have long been slaughtered by the ghosts, and now there are some capable people and strangers who are still able to survive.

Ma San is a warrior. Although he is still far away from breaking through to the master level, he still has many advantages compared to the unarmed common people.

Besides, I don't know if it's because the ancestors have accumulated virtue, and he managed to avoid several times of extremely dangerous ghost attacks.

But where is there a safe place in Tongzhou City?

If you don't find a way to leave this ghost on earth as soon as possible, you will have to confess here sooner or later.

It should be that he had exhausted his resources, and was about to break out of the city when he was immediately spotted by the three or four wandering ghosts behind him.

Although the warrior's pure Yang Zhilie's vast blood energy has a damage bonus to ghosts, he has to distinguish the target.

Ordinary wandering spirits may not be worth mentioning in Ma San's eyes. If they face a ghost, they will probably have a narrow escape, not to mention facing three or four ghosts at a time.

So he had no choice but to run away, not daring to stop for a moment, so there was this desperate pursuit.

There is a saying that when people are unlucky, they will get stuck between their teeth when they drink cold water.

Click!

Ma San on the run

Suddenly feeling unsteady under his feet, he looked down subconsciously, and found that he had accidentally stepped on a tile, and the entire roof collapsed immediately.

"Ah~"

During the fall, Ma San screamed in horror, his heart was cold.

Just now he tried his best to keep from being chased by the ghost, but now that he encountered such an attack, wouldn't he be forced to a dead end?

touch~

The collapsed roof carried Ma San'er heavily into the house, and countless tiles almost buried him.

When Ma San struggled to break free from the pile of tiles, he couldn't help crying in pain.

It was simply that misfortunes never come singly. At this time, he actually broke both legs.

The broken bone stubble pierced the flesh and was exposed to the air brightly, causing Ma San to die of pain.

Under the severe pain, Ma San didn't have time to think about anything, and crawled towards the door under the instinct of survival.

It's a pity that before he could climb far, the temperature in the dusty room suddenly dropped sharply.

Ma San couldn't help shivering, feeling extremely desperate in his heart.

Because there are three ghosts who have already chased after them.

Three ghosts with heads as pale as paper and dark eyes surrounded the trembling Ma San, tilting their heads and looking at him jokingly, as if they were not in a hurry to kill him.

Compared with being teased, Ma San would rather be killed immediately, because the feeling of suffering is too unbearable.

It's a pity that the ferocious ghost will not do what Ma San wishes.

People have to be killed, and souls have to be eaten, but there is also a need to play.

Poor Ma San cried and screamed, his voice became hoarse, and there was no sound except the occasional sound of tiles falling.

The last hope was shattered, and Ma San closed his eyes in despair.

Tired, destroy it...

The three-headed ghosts gave a ferocious smile, and rushed over with a howl.

Seeing that Ma San was about to be devoured by the ghosts, an inexplicable energy erupted at the very moment.

The three-headed ghosts disappeared without a sound.

Ma San opened it in horror, and found a familiar figure standing in front of him, he couldn't help shouting in surprise, "Xu Banxian, you saved me?"

Xu Fang smiled when he heard the words, but did not speak, his eyes meaningfully looked at Ma San's legs that were almost broken.

Ma San was indulging in the joy of surviving danger, and he didn't realize why Xu Fang, who was often teased and teased on weekdays, had the ability to kill three ghosts with one blow, so he still bluffed as usual, "Quick, half Immortal, carry me away quickly, lest things change!"

Xu Fang smiled and nodded, carried Ma San on his back and walked out.

Ma San was tortured by the severe pain of the broken leg, crying and scolding his father and mother all the way, not realizing at all whether this would attract more ghosts.

Xu Fang carried Ma San to the private Buddhist hall of the big family in the city, and finally said willingly, "We're here."

Ma San just came to his senses at this time, he was stunned, and then he said urgently, "Half fairy, are you in a daze? It's not a famous mountain temple with great monks sitting in town, come to this Po Buddha Hall to make a fuss, Hurry up and find a way to take Lao Tzu out of the city, do you hear me!"

Xu Fang smiled strangely, walked in, and said with a smile:

"Old He and the others are also inside."

Ma San was about to lose his temper, when he heard this, he said suspiciously, "Old He, they are all here? That's okay, there are many people and strength, maybe we can find a way out of the city after discussing it."

Lao He is the middle-aged scribe among their drinking and meat friends. He is a scholar who failed the ranking.

Ma San usually dislikes Lao He, but now he trusts Lao He extremely.

After all, scholars have a lot of ghost ideas, and it is not wrong to listen to scholars in times of crisis.

It's just that when Ma San was carried into the Buddhist hall, he suddenly felt something was wrong.

"Banxian'er, didn't you say that Lao He and the others are all here, why didn't you hear any breathing?"

Xu Fang turned around and smiled treacherously, and said a sentence like a bolt from the blue.

"Because they were all

The old man killed it. "

Ma San gasped, his mind was in chaos.

Xu Fang put the frightened Ma Sanan on a bearded chair, bent down and lifted several watermelon-sized objects from under the altar table, enough to place in front of Ma San.

Ma San, who was still in shock, only glanced at the object in front of him, and was almost frightened out of his wits.

Because the row of objects in front of them were clearly the heads of their group of friends.

When he saw Lao He's dead head, he instinctively felt that a catastrophe was imminent.

Xu Fang clapped his hands, smiled and squatted in front of the frightened Ma San, pointed to his nose and said, "Do you know who this old man is? This old man is one of the eight phases under the seat of the Eight-faced Buddha. For more than ten years in Tongzhou, you have made fun of the old man for more than ten years. How should this account be settled? "

Ma San's teeth chattered, showing a smiling face that was uglier than crying, and he stammered to explain, "I, I, we were just joking with you, don't take it to heart..."

Xu Fang smiled, shook his head and said regretfully, "Can you just make a joke to offset the crime? If that's the case, what do you need Wang Fa to do?"

"That's all, let's send you on your way. I hope that in your next life, you will remember the words that misfortune comes from your mouth."

"Excuse me..."

Just halfway through begging for mercy, Ma Sanjiu froze suddenly, and all his strength was pulled away like a tide.

Before he swallowed his last breath, he clearly saw a thumping meat ball in Xu Fang's hand.

That's his heart...

""Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers", move mountains and seas!"

Jin Yuanxing was full of momentum, like a god descending from the earth, he suddenly rushed into the army of ghosts that surrounded the street, with overwhelming power, he cleared a large area of ​​space in an instant.

"The Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers" is one of the top studies of the Lingxiao Pavilion School, and it is divided into two volumes.

With Jin Yuanxing's current cultivation base, he can only use the exercises and supernatural powers in the second volume.

With his charge, someone immediately took over to consolidate the passage.

Four real-world elite warlocks teamed up to break the formation, and the low-level wandering ghosts can be said to die when they touch them, and get hurt when they touch them, just like chickens and dogs.

Bai Shanhe and Deng Rong, who carried Zhao Dada on his back, followed.

The purpose of this trip is to rescue Bai Linger at any cost.

"Ah~"

Suddenly, Jin Yuanxing's scream came from ahead.

With a thought in his mind, Bai Shanhe rushed to the front in an instant.

It happened that Jin Yuanxing was hit in the air by a figure, and before he could fall, he was torn apart and his body was dismembered on the spot.

His beloved disciple was killed in front of him, how could Bai Shanhe bear this tone, and raising his hand was a fierce and fierce Taishan-style attack.

Never thought that the murderer could fight him evenly.

"Who is your Excellency, why did you kill my disciple for no reason!" Bai Shanhe asked as if he was facing an enemy.

The person on the opposite side laughed.

"This old man is one of the eight phases under the seat of the Eight-faced Buddha, one of the "Tao phases". Vice-President Bai, I have been waiting for you for a long time! "


		