

"What? That boy actually has the Bone Shrine of the Hundred Immortals that Zhuge Tianji used to fight all over the world?"

The Tianshan Child Elder on Mount Paektu was stunned by the dramatic scene on Qingtian Peak.

Originally, she asserted that things would not turn around, but she didn't expect to be slapped in the face when she turned around.

The old apprentice stared dumbfounded at Yuan Yutang's thin figure, feeling inexplicably in his mind:

Try to turn the tide and step on the demon king, as a man should do!

It was only in an instant that he had another doubt:

Where the hell is that young man?

This problem not only troubled the old apprentice, but also the common aspiration of all those who cared about the changes in the situation, including most of the disciples of Qingtian Peak.

Except for the defeat of Elder Tantai who was brought back by Elder Blue Moon.

"Senior Brother Tantai, er, is that boy Zhou An?" Elder Lan Yue couldn't help asking in surprise.

She witnessed the whole process of Yuan Yutang and Tantaile plotting against Mo Kui. Before that, she didn't know why Tantaiyue was willing to use her body as a bait to cover Yuan Yutang.

It wasn't until the last moment when it was revealed that she was shocked to find out that the ordinary boy had other secrets, and even unbelievably took out the legendary treasure artifact, the Temple of the Bone of the Immortals, to turn the tide.

This unbelievable scene crazily shocked her mind, and even suppressed the grief of Shen Tujie's death.

If she didn't know the answer, she might go crazy.

Tan Taile wiped away the blood from his mouth, looked at the back of Yuan Yutang who was taming the devil with a complicated expression, and recalled inexplicably the night a few days ago:

"An'er, can I trust you as a teacher?"

At that time, after Tan Taile asked this sentence, he immediately regretted it.

Earlier, Shen Tujie had warned him not to scare the snake, but to catch big fish with a long line, and find out the real intention behind Yuan Yutang.

I didn't expect to be so upset tonight that I couldn't hold back and asked such an abrupt question.

Originally, he didn't expect Yuan Yutang to answer truthfully.

Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang was silent.

After a long time, I saw Yuan Yutang frowned, bowed deeply to him, and said sincerely, "I'm sorry, Elder Tantai, it's not right to be poor, and I have betrayed Your Excellency's trust."

Tantai Le was stunned upon hearing the words, she never expected such a result.

Who would voluntarily admit to cheating?

Unless he himself is ashamed.

That's right, Yuan Yutang was very guilty.

He's been struggling for months.

Ask yourself, Qing Tianfeng treated him very sincerely, and did not feel sorry for him.

Moreover, Qing Tianfeng acts aboveboard and has never done anything bad, but he is planning on other people's treasures.

This is not the work of a gentleman.

Tan Taile didn't point out that he could still deceive himself and others, but once he was pointed out, the guilt in his heart couldn't be suppressed immediately.

Rather than feeling uneasy in the future, it is better to just give up.

Although Huang Qisu broke his promise, he did not guarantee 100% success before.

The big deal is to make compensation in the future, or to give up the previous promise.

After telling the truth, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt enlightened.

After being stunned for a moment, Tan Taile said sharply, "Zhuzi dare you, to plot against this sect, really think that this seat would not dare to kill you?"

Yuan Yutang replied with a sincere gaze, "Although Pindao has evil intentions, he has not actually caused any losses to the noble sect, and Pindao believes that with Elder Tantai's conduct, he will definitely not kill innocent people in vain."

"The whole sect has been played around by you, are you innocent?" Tantai Le said fiercely, ready to go.

"Whether you are innocent or not, Pindao believes that Your Excellency has his own conclusion." Yuan Yutang said calmly, "Pindao sincerely wants to apologize, and I hope you, Elder, can learn from you."

Tantai Le stared at Yuan Yutang, and said coldly after a while, "How can you trust what you say, a person who hides his head and shows his tail?"

Hearing that Tantaile's tone slowed down, Yuan Yutang secretly heaved a sigh of relief, just now he was really a little afraid that Tantaile was about to strike ruthlessly.

Although he was confident that he could escape from Tantai Le's hands, if he alarmed the Earth Immortal Shen Tujie, it would be a serious trouble.

But since Tantai Le wants to see sincerity, then give it to him!

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang removed his disguise in front of Tan Taile and recovered his real body.

"This, what kind of transfiguration technique is this, it's flawless, even I can't see through your real body?"

Tan Taile was deeply shocked by the extremely mysterious womb-changing form-spirit.

Even though he is well-informed, he has never seen such advanced supernatural powers of transformation.

It is impossible for Yuan Yutang to reveal his old background, so he said solemnly, "Yuan Yuji, head of the Jingshan sect in Shaozhou, the poor Taoist priest, formally pays respects to Elder Tantai."

"Ridiculous! The majestic master of a sect did such a nasty thing, did you ever feel ashamed?" Tantai Le cursed angrily.

Yuan Yutang said with a relaxed expression, "Elder Tantai, although we have no real masters and apprentices, at least we have had the name of masters and apprentices. The poor Taoists have chosen to be open and honest. Why don't you speak up if you have something to say?"

"Hmph! What's your purpose of sneaking into Qingtian Peak?" Tantai Le turned slightly annoyed and snorted coldly.

"Shen Tongzi!" Yuan Yutang replied bluntly.

"Instigated by whom?"

"No comment!"

Yuan Yutang acted like a rascal outright, almost breaking Tantai Leqi's defenses.

"Since you refuse to explain who is behind the scenes, what else is there to talk about?" Tantai said angrily.

Yuan Yutang said calmly, "If you don't want to, you really can't."

Tan Taile was a little tired of Yuan Yutang's refusal to get in, and when he was about to turn his face and take down this nonsense stick, he suddenly thought of a question, and immediately asked, "The mysterious Earth Immortal who shot in the Prisoner's Cave is yours!" Secret helper?"

Yuan Yutang shook his head, and said something that Tan Taile couldn't accept:

"There is no helper in the poor way, and the turmoil in the prisoner's cave was unintentional."

"Just because you are a real person, you have the ability to kill many immortals and monsters imprisoned in Shura Garden with one blow?" Tantai Le retorted with a snort.

Yuan Yutang sighed quietly, took out the cross of light, and released a ray of holy light.

The familiar holy light appeared, no matter how confused Tantai Le was, he had to believe that the young boy in front of him was really the one who caused the disturbance in Shura Garden.

After Yuan Yutang took back the Bright Cross, the atmosphere in the room fell into a weird silence.

Yuan Yutang quietly waited for Tan Taile to make a final decision.

By the way, in the Shura Garden that day, the Bright Cross did not explode at once with the power stored for more than 300 years to wipe out the trapped demons. How can it be used again now?

Could it be that Yuan Yutang is defrauding Tantai Le?

Actually not.

"Da Huang Jing" has a saying: "There are ginseng in the mountains, which are used as grass during the day and unearthed at night. They are cool boys and have a bad temper. They need to be tied with red ropes, so they can't escape. They can eat flesh and bones. It's just around the corner, so it's called Shentongzi.

Shen Tongzi was born by chance, and its medicinal effect can be said to bring the dead back to life, and even a drop of blood contains terrifying vitality.

Yuan Yutang was aware of this at the time, so he didn't take all of the drop of blood essence, and secretly hid half of it for future emergencies.

Unexpectedly, the half drop of blood essence was actively absorbed by the Bright Cross, which not only replenished the massive life force contained in the blood essence to fully consume the power, but also unlocked another super function - summoning the victim to project once.

It was with the projection of the victims that Yuan Yutang was able to suppress the troll, so that he calmly used the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals to tame the troll.

It is precisely because he is confident that he dares to show his cards.

After a long time, Tantai Le looked at Yuan Yutang tangled, and made a decision with a hoarse voice:

"Let's make a deal!"

(It's over.)


After listening to what Tantai Le said, Elder Lanyue suddenly realized that when he was about to speak, his expression changed drastically, and he suddenly turned into a streamer and rushed towards him.

go out.

"Bold and monstrous, you still dare to stay in Qingtian Peak and act wildly, let me die!"

Suddenly, a magnificent sword shadow with a length of hundreds of feet appeared out of the sky.

The target pointed directly at the three auras that emerged out of thin air around the sword embryo light sphere.


Feng Bo saw that the overall situation was about to be decided soon, but he didn't expect to kill three big monsters at the critical moment.

One is surrounded by black mist, which is eerie.

One is huge and mysterious.

It looks like a tiger with a breast, and its evil spirit is soaring.

After the fiasco of Mokui, most of the powerful demons lurking in the dark retreated quietly. Unexpectedly, these three guys were so wicked and intent on taking advantage of the fire.

It has to be said that their timing is very delicate.

Just when everyone in Qingtian Peak was slackening their spirits, Yuan Yutang was taming the perfect time when Mokui had no time for him.

"Yao Snake, Kuahe, you really are plotting against me!" Lord Shanze roared awe-inspiringly, and struck out fiercely with two huge tiger claws, which were so powerful that it seemed that even the space would collapse.

Not to be outdone, the gigantic big monster Kuahe threw back a huge mountain-like arm, and the strong wind blew violently, and the wind and thunder roared.

"Shanze, Ru Dao is plotting against you, don't you mean you are also plotting against this base? Those who are capable of sword womb live here, let's each show their supernatural powers!"

Yao Snake, who was shrouded in black mist on the other side, also made a move. In an instant, the wind raged, and a huge tail as thick as a river swept across, pressing the air to burst, and laughed wildly, "Hahaha, Shanze, you are also worthy Is this seat accountable?"

The plastic alliance that had formed an alliance to plan for the sword embryo suddenly collapsed, and the three big monsters only had the light group of the sword embryo that was about to disappear, and they only wanted to overwhelm the opponent as soon as possible. With a sword strike, Elder Yue wanted to pull out his teeth, and put the sword fetus in his pocket.

Elder Lanyue was anxious and angry. Although she knew that she could not repel the three big monsters at the realm of reincarnation at the same time by herself, but no matter what, she would not allow the last legacy of her beloved brother to be tampered with by monsters. .

The scuffle broke out immediately, and the flames of war that had just been extinguished were rekindled instantly. Although the momentum was not as good as the destruction of the world between the demon kings just now, it was not much inferior.

This fierce battle came and went quickly.

In an instant, there were several screams in the void, and Kuahe's huge figure fled in embarrassment, Yao Snake was injured and fled into the void, and Elder Lanyue was shot down in Yuechi like a cannonball.

The final winner is Lord Shanze!

Although he repelled three powerful enemies, the price paid by Lord Shanze was not insignificant.

I saw that half of its body was almost smashed to pieces, and its remnants were covered with wounds of different sizes, it was only half a breath more than a dead man.

However, it didn't look depressed at all, and the only remaining one eye was shining with a frenzied light, staring at the sword embryo light ball not far away, which was less than the size of a fist.

As long as it successfully wins the sword embryo, it will be sure to reshape its body, and even break through the long-struggled Great Demon Realm in one fell swoop, and be promoted to the coveted Demon King!

At this time, no one can stop it. Looking around, Tantai Le is seriously injured and unable to fight again, Elder Lanyue fell into the water and his life is uncertain, Yuan Yutang is at the critical moment of taming the devil, and the earth immortals outside stand by.

Looking at Qingtian Peak, the rest of the people are all local chicken Wagoer!

Suppressing the excitement, Lord Shanze stretched out his single arm in lightning, and was about to seize the sword embryo.

The old monk at the White Horse Temple in the valley hundreds of miles away suddenly opened his eyes, sang the Buddha's name with a sad face, and then took out a piece of white lotus root from his robe and threw it into the air.

"Amitabha, the poor monk is chic, he has fulfilled the instructions of fellow Taoist Shentu. From then on, the White Horse Temple and Qingtian Peak will have nothing to do with each other."

At the same time, Zhuge Lanyue, who was sitting high in a wheelchair on the Banlan River, also made a move. With a thought, a bundle of gold threads and countless rivets disappeared instantly, and said with a calm smile:

"Brother Shentu, I admire you very much for your benevolence. I hope your efforts are not in vain. I wish Qingtian Peak good luck!"

The lotus root, gold thread, and rivets seemed to directly break through the limitation of space, appearing on the light ball of the sword embryo in an instant.

The gold wire is entangled, the rivets are fixed, the lotus root is deformed, and the sword tire is fused.

In an instant, a figure holding a sword appeared in the world awe-inspiringly.

Maharaja Shanze, who was full of ambition just a second ago, was suddenly stunned, and the Lingtai was vigilant.

choke!

However, before it could move, a beam of sword light quickly slashed down.

As if time and space were frozen, Maharaja Shanze's consciousness stopped instantly, and a line of blood split it in two from bottom to top.

Lord Shanze didn't want to believe it until his soul was gone.

Killer...

It was Shen Tujie who had just died! !

Shanze Maharaja's dead corpse fell from the sky, and needles could be heard on Qingtian Peak.

Most of the disciples below were all dumbfounded and looked up into the air.

Looking up at the peerless figure who came back from the dead.

After slaying Lord Shanze with a single sword, the figure suspected to be Shentujie made a move, and the unconscious figure of Elder Lanyue rose out of nowhere in the moon pool.

Shen Tujie slowly descended to Elder Lanyue's side, his eyes were gentle, and his movements carefully hugged the silly woman who had been in love with him for more than 60 years, and immediately crossed to the second floor by the pool.

Tantai Le's face was pale, and she stared in astonishment at the familiar figure whom she thought she would never see again in this life, she burst into tears the next moment, and murmured, "The regenerated lotus root of Baima Temple, the broken thread of life and the Haoyuan lock of Tianji Villa God Nail, so it is so, it is so... Jiantou, you have deceived me so hard, you have deceived my junior sister so hard..."

Shen Tujie carried Lan Yue back to the incense couch, staring deeply at the woman who accompanied her over sixty years old, it seemed that this moment was not enough.

For a moment, he sighed deeply, and looked at Lan Yue again with incomparable nostalgia, as if he had engraved her appearance in his heart, and then turned and left without delay.

After coming out, seeing Tantai Le still slumped on the ground in despair, after thinking about it, he simply sat down beside him, spread his legs, stretched his waist, leaned his back against the wall, and looked at the The restored Kaili Xingkong suddenly said:

"Tantai, do you still remember when we were young?"

These words immediately awakened Tantai Le from the demon barrier.

Shentu Le's gaze was obsessed, empty, out of focus, and in a good memory, and he continued like a dream, "At that time, our talents were not top-notch, and our understanding was not top-notch. After being reprimanded by the master, we, who were depressed, hid in the balcony of the junior sister's room to watch the stars..."

"In the blink of an eye, more than sixty years have passed. I can't even remember how long it has been since I watched the stars with you and my junior sister..."

Tan Taile's shoulders twitched, and he lowered his head, not wanting others to see his weeping and weeping weakness.

Shen Tujie is like a wanderer who is about to go on a long journey, talking about many old things with his best friends, the more calm and calm he is, the more heartbroken Tantai Le will be.

"... No matter how beautiful the fireworks are, they are just a moment of youth... No matter how beautiful the starry sky is, it will still be replaced by dawn after all..."

Shen Tujie smiled indifferently, his demeanor was clean, he got up slowly, twisted his hips with his hips on his hips, and said with a smile, "There is never a banquet in life that never ends. No matter how beautiful the road is, someone will leave you in the end."

Looking up at the sky, a trace of rebellious hostility flashed across Shentujie's face, and he said with a faint smile, "Since Zhuge Tianji passed through the gate of heaven more than three hundred and thirty years ago, this thief seems to hate us Like a sorcerer, for more than three hundred years since then, no one has ever had the chance to glimpse the immortal fate..."

"It's not good, I don't like it."

"People in the world often say that I, Shen Tujie, have eight percent of the world's luck alone. If there is anyone in the future who can ascend again, it must be me... This is really true..."

"If that's the case, then I'll dare to be self-willed again..."

Shen Tujie laughed wildly, spread his hands, and actually recreated the Flying Sword Fearless out of thin air, pointed the sword in the sky, and said wantonly:

"If the sky doesn't want to give way, it doesn't matter, I will split the sky and open the gate of heaven for future generations!"

"I am the sword head of Qingtian Peak, and I am the number one in the world.

One sword, I am... Shen Tujie!

I wish that everyone in the world will shine their swords on Great Xia! "

As he said that, Shen Tujie gently handed the sword forward, just like a childish play of an urchin.

However, the next moment, the situation changed, and the sky and the earth trembled!

A terrifying sword shadow with an unknown length and an unknown end soared into the sky.

Ping pong!

As long as they are all living beings under the same sky, no matter whether they are in the sky or in the water, no matter whether they are birds or beasts, no matter if they are mortal warlocks, they will all hear a burst of breaking sound at the same time in a trance, and then feel light all over, as if some invisible shackles have been cut off. break.

"Hahaha~"

Shen Tujie was as light as a feather, rising with the wind like a weightless one. Every inch he rose, a crack appeared on his body. When he was in the air, his whole body was shocking like a shattered porcelain doll.

At this time, there were large dark clouds coming rapidly from all directions. If you look carefully, it turned out to be a long river of flying swords covering the sky and the sun.

"...Respectfully sending Fellow Daoist Shentu to ascend..."

"...Respectfully sending Fellow Daoist Shentu to ascend..."

"...Respectfully sending Fellow Daoist Shentu to ascend..."

A sincere cry sounded out of thin air, gathering into a lingering vortex above Qingtian Peak.

"Hahaha, good good good good good good good good good. Shen Tu Jie's life is not in vain if you see him off!"

Shen Tujie looked forward to flying, and in his long smile, it turned into a glowing light all over the sky.

"Sword Head...Senior Brother...Brother Jie~"

Tantai Le, who had been suppressing her emotions, couldn't bear it anymore, broke down in great grief, and cried like a child.

On Baitou Mountain, Tianshan Child Elder looked solemn, and whispered in the most solemn tone of her life, "Thank you, fellow Taoist Shentu, for opening the gate of heaven for future generations!"

In the nameless canyon, the old monk clasped his palms together, illuminated by the Buddha's light, and whispered compassionately, "Thank you fellow Taoist Shentu for opening the gate of heaven for future generations!"

On the Banlan River, Zhuge Lanyue clasped his fists in the direction of Qingtian Peak and said loudly, "Thank you, Fellow Daoist Shentu, for opening the gate of heaven for future generations!"

Under the abyss, there was a thin figure sitting as dry as a rock and said hoarsely, "Thank you, Fellow Daoist Shentu, for opening the gate of heaven for future generations..."

In the wilderness of the mountains, a wild Taoist who had just killed a demon swabbed his blood and said respectfully, "Thank you fellow Taoist Shentu for opening the gate of heaven for future generations!"


This scene was staged in every corner of Daxia territory.

The so-called sky never ends, even the most vicious people have a chance to change their ways.

Although reincarnation and reincarnation are illusory, for the supernatural beings, as long as they are not wiped out, there is still a chance of nirvana and rebirth.

However, Shen Tujie was willing to go on the fairy road again for the sake of future generations, voluntarily giving up the precious chance of rebirth, and at the cost of severing the world, he cut off the shackles of God's will that blocked the fairy fate.

How can such a great man not be awe-inspiring?

Yuan Yutang had already brought Mo Kui into the Shrine of the Remains of the Immortals and rushed to Tantai Le's side, seeing him so mournful, he couldn't help but feel heavy for a moment, as if he was crushed by a stone.

woo woo woo~

huh huh huh~

A torrential rain suddenly fell from the night sky, the rain was actually red, the mountains and rivers trembled violently, and the sound was like crying.

That night, a peerless strong man who shone like a star slashed out a sword that shocked the past and the present with a gesture as bright as fireworks, which made his name remembered by future generations, and also made Qingtian Peak, which has been passed down for thousands of years, become a legend and be able to It will last forever.


After half a month, everything will return to spring.

There are two people walking under the crescent-like Xinqingtian Peak.

"Elder Tantai, please stay."

Yuan Yutang was carrying a big iron box, turned around and bid farewell to Tantai Le with a tangled expression.

Tantai Le's expression is complicated, it's hard to describe his current mood.

He should have hated this nasty young man who had deceived almost all of Qingtian Peak, but by accident, he had the grace to rebuild Qingtian Peak.

He loves and hates so much that he doesn't know how to get along with Yuan Yutang.

How could Yuan Yutang not know that Tan Taile was at this moment

He immediately smiled gently, "Elder Tantai doesn't need to worry about it. The previous grievances should be gone with the wind. No matter what, Pindao is very grateful to Qingtian Peak. If there is any need in the future, he will definitely not refuse!"

Seemingly overwhelmed by Yuan Yutang's upright and upright demeanor, Tantai Le sighed quietly, and scolded with an annoyed smile, "Do you really treat me, Qingtian Peak, as a soft persimmon? If there is a day when I ask you for help, I will probably be away from the extermination faction." Not far away! Forget it, get out, don’t get in the way of me here!”

Yuan Yutang smiled back, bowed deeply, and left with a flick of his clothes.

It wasn't perfect, but the results were satisfactory.

Sensing the movement from the big iron box behind him, Yuan Yutang smiled easily, as long as he handed over the things behind him to Huang Qisu, he could go home.

Back to the home that I never set foot in, but I miss infinitely...

(6k chapters, I am not lazy!!)


		