

Let me ask, if someone encountered what Yuan Yutang saw in the empty attic that was as dark as night and few people visited, how many people would not be scared to pee?

A beautiful woman with a variety of styles is holding a lump of oozing flesh in her hand. From time to time, she stretches out green fingers to dip in the blood and smears her lips and cheeks, and then uses the fat of the flesh to set her makeup.

Even though Yuan Yutang saw a lot of scary and ferocious monsters, he couldn't help but feel his heart twitch.

"Yeah, who's young gentleman is outside the door, why don't you come in and have a chat with my concubine?"

The woman with makeup seemed to have eyes in the back of her head, and she immediately spotted Yuan Yutang outside the door.

The woman just called herself a little girl, and now she calls herself a slave, talking incoherently, obviously mentally ill.

Yuan Yutang smiled without saying anything, and directly pushed the door open and entered.

He wanted to see what kind of medicine was sold in the ghost gourd attached to the woman.

After Yuan Yutang sat down safely, the woman put down the unknown piece of meat in her hand, and Shi Shiran got up. @·No fault first launch~~

First, they performed sideways greetings in a charming manner, and then sat down gracefully, and began to cook tea by hand.

Yuan Yutang watched the blood-stained palms fiddling with the tea set, his brows twitched involuntarily.

"Hehe, the young master is so handsome. He is very different from those rough men in the past. It really makes my heart skip a beat." The woman covered her lips with her bloody hands and smiled coquettishly. Her eyes moved, as if she was seducing Yuan Yutang. , "I don't know why, but I always feel that the young master has an unknown aura that is attracting my slaves. I am really troubled~"

Yuan Yutang ignored the cup of tea that had just been baked in front of him. Of course he knew that the unknown aura the woman said came from the vicious curse of the Hundred Ghosts Night Walking Curse, so he immediately said expressionlessly, "Will you fight or make peace? In a word, Pindao doesn't have that much time to play with you."

The woman exclaimed, "Could it be that the little girl has done something outrageous? Otherwise, why would you want to beat and kill the young master?"

As he spoke, there was another burst of nervous and delicate laughter.

"Hehehe, with such a beautiful day and beautiful scenery, why should the young master not understand the amorous feelings? Do you see the beauty of the slave family?"

Before the words fell, the woman suddenly got up and took off her clothes, exposing her daughter's most precious innocent body to Yuan Yutang's eyes, and said in a flirtatious voice, "My lord, come here, come quickly~ Nujia It's so cold, I really want to hug~"

While talking, she retreated to the bed, doing some wanton and shameless actions.

Yuan Yutang's temples throbbed wildly, and finally he couldn't bear it any longer, and he punched the round table.

"That's enough! If you have a wronged person, you have a debtor. If anyone wrongs you, you should go to whomever. What kind of reason is it to ruin the innocent!"

The woman was stunned by Yuan Yutang's sudden outburst, and after a while, she laughed shrilly in vain, and rolled on the bed laughing, tears came out of her eyes.

"Hahaha, I am dying of laughter~ Young Master, Young Master, you are so funny~ You have to pay off your injustice, you have a debtor, and you have ruined innocent people, hahahaha~"

After a long laugh, the woman roared ferociously.

"When I was drowned in the well back then, why didn't I see you come out and tell me what to do!"

"Aren't you good at talking, but you tell me, why is my life not worthless, and this ****'s life is precious?"

"Poor my child died innocently before he had time to see the world! Is it wrong for me to take revenge?"

"Is there anything wrong?"

Boom~

Following the female cuckoo's cry of blood-like accusation, it seemed that invisible yin energy exploded like a cannonball, blowing the furniture in the room toppled.

Yuan Yutang let out a cold snort, and the wind blowing from the front was abruptly cut off like a split wave in a torrent, and he immediately sighed.

"I know you have resentment in your heart, it's normal, no one can remain indifferent to anyone who has been killed..."

After a pause, Yuan Yutang persuaded earnestly, "But you shouldn't possess and spoil Miss Li, so if you have the courage to avenge the culprit who killed you, Pindao still admires you a bit."

"Stop it, as long as you are willing to leave now, Pindao is willing to save you, how about it?"

This was Yuan Yutang's rare expression of kindness.

It's also for the sake of the female ghost's pity, otherwise, if it is another evil ghost who deserves what he deserves, let's see if he has such patience to persuade him.


It's a pity that his goodwill is doomed to go in vain, because once his reason is clouded by hatred, no matter who he is, there is no way to dissuade him.

"I do not!"

The woman's face was distorted, and she yelled hysterically like a ghost, "I want to torture this bitch to death, not only do I want to torture her to death, I also want to kill everyone in the Li family, so that I can vent my grievance!"

Yuan Yutang laughed at himself, then turned serious and said in a deep voice, "So there's nothing to talk about?"

He has done his best, since he can't reach an agreement, let's start the fight!

"Die to my old lady!"

The woman screamed strangely, leaped forward, and roared mournfully.

Yuan Yutang frowned, raised his hand and punched away from the Vulcan Gang.

However, Lihuo Shengang, who has a strong ability to restrain ghosts, hit the woman with no effect.

Yuan Yutang knew right away that the stubble was too hard and he had to work hard.

In the blink of an eye, the woman rushed close, Yuan Yutang bullied himself and rushed forward, his strike was like lightning, and in an instant, he caught the woman's bloody hand with nails like knives.

With a vigorous flick and a shake, the woman screamed in pain, and in a flash, Yuan Yutang actually removed all the joints of her arms.

Without waiting for the woman to resist, Yuan Yutang kicked up, and the ferocious force acted on the woman's lower abdomen, kicking her directly two feet away, hitting the wall heavily, and finally sliding down slowly like a painting.

Beating people is like hanging a painting, this skill demonstrates Yuan Yutang's increasingly profound martial arts heritage.

Yuan Yutang didn't pursue, and shouted awe-inspiringly, "Jingsa will not eat or drink fine wine, and I will ask you for the last time, whether to go or not!"

The woman put her shoulders on the ground, stood up with difficulty, and roared mournfully, "Go away, mother!"

Being humiliated over and over again, no matter how well cultivated Yuan Yutang was, he couldn't bear his anger, not to mention that he didn't have much self-cultivation, so he immediately said angrily.

"Hey, the ignorant ghost is uttering wild words, looking for a beating!"

Rushing in front of the woman, Yuan Yutang beat her violently when talking about fists, completely disregarding the woman as a human being, no matter how violent she was.

This was not an ordinary beating, each of his punches contained superb mana, which directly acted on the possessed ghost through the skin, causing the woman to scream like a pig in pain.

"Ah, don't hit, don't hit, I'll get out, can't I get out, please stop!"

Yuan Yutang turned a deaf ear to it and continued beating violently with fists.

What virtue!

You were so arrogant just now, but now you want to surrender?

It's late, he, Yuan Yutang, is not used to smelly things!

After beating for a quarter of an hour, Yuan Yutang finally stopped.

The woman was dying at this time, looking extremely miserable.

Yuan Yutang sneered disdainfully.

Who is it for?

Could it be that he didn't know how to measure what he did?

Don't look at the woman's misery, in fact there is no serious problem. Under his deliberate control, which is comparable to a martial arts master, the woman herself is not a serious problem. Almost all the beatings just now have been applied to the possessed ghost .

Yuan Yutang's face was not red, his heart was not beating, and there was no pity in his eyes. He stared coldly at the woman who was as angry as silk and shouted, "If you don't accept it, I will reward you again!"

"Sufu, as long as you don't hit me, you can do whatever you want~" the woman said weakly and tragically.

Yuan Yutang snorted coldly with disdain, and shouted in vain, "Then why don't you get out and wait for me to invite you?"

The woman was startled, screamed, and fell to the ground.

Immediately afterwards, a puff of blue smoke slowly emerged from her body, and she turned into a terrifying female ghost whose body was soaked into a white steamed bun in the air.

The female ghost was floating in the air tremblingly, like a harmless lamb.

Yuan Yutang looked at the female ghost without saying a word.

Through the fight just now, he also found out the details of the possessed ghost, but it was just a ghost, which was not enough in his eyes.

But at the same time, strong doubts also appeared in his heart.

Logically speaking, a mere ghost is causing trouble, so Mr. Li shouldn't ask outsiders to exorcise the ghost at a sky-high price.

He didn't believe that a city as big as Tongzhou didn't even have a real person.

And the surging yin that I encountered when I first entered the house.

Qi, it feels like it has something to do with the female ghost, but it also feels like it has nothing to do with her.

So what went wrong?

Vaguely, he always felt that something was wrong.

But since the female ghost has subdued, he doesn't bother to worry about it.

Anyway, he only agreed to get rid of the ghost possessing Miss Li, as long as the matter is settled, he doesn't want to and has no time to deal with the truth behind it.

The most important thing for him now is to find Master Nagarjuna to undo the curse on him as soon as possible.

"Men and women, wild ghosts and wandering souls... cross the mortal world, like floating clouds, leave no traces... leave no love, leave no hatred, leave no traces..."

The female ghost was nearly knocked out of her wits by him, and he immediately began to save her. The soul-crossing spell full of compassion echoed in the room, and there was an indescribable sense of solemnity.

However, the strange thing is that since he started chanting the scriptures, the originally cramped and weak female ghost was not affected by the scriptures. The weak yin energy suddenly became stronger, and the female ghost's expression also became fierce.

This bizarre scene happened so abruptly that Yuan Yutang was unbelievably punched by the female ghost as soon as he realized it.

"Woo~"

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened, his cheeks puffed up, and he spat out a big mouthful of blood with a wow, his whole body was blown away like a kite with a broken string, it went straight through the attic and flew ten feet away.

Until he hit the ground, his mind was still buzzing, unable to accept the reality.

Because the strength of the female ghost's punch just now has reached the level of resentful souls! !

"Wow, Tengu eats the sun, run quickly~"

The outside world is also in chaos at this time, and the sky is quickly dimming. The sun seems to be gnawed, and it is quickly covered by shadows. Endless panic spreads in the city.

Xu Fang didn't know when he came to the top of the city tower, looking at the spectacle of Tiangou eclipsing the sun, he had a morbidly happy smile on his face.

"Hehe, the fire is cooking oil, Yuan Yutang, Yuan Yutang, should I laugh at you for being ignorant, or for being unlucky?"

"Buddha and demons are one body, and compassion saves the world... The devil's embryo has a great climate, and it's time to appear in the world..."

"Xu Fang, the "Taoist" of the eight-faced Buddha and eight phases of the Huanxi School, congratulate the Buddha on the birth of the Buddha!!".


		