

As night fell, the Guxian County Government was rarely decorated with lights.

The normally solemn yamen gates were opened, allowing the neighbors to come in and out freely. There were seven or eight tables of banquets in the backyard, full of guests, and the din of gongs and drums.

A stage was temporarily set up in the center of the banquet. The county lord stood on the stage with a big belly, his fat face almost burst into laughter, behind him was a big shelf, on which was evenly spread a piece of delicate human skin without arms, look at the hair , skin texture, it seems that it can be revived just by filling it with real objects.

That's right, this lifelike human skin is exactly what was left behind by the sloppy old Taoist to exterminate the evil spirits today. At this time, it is regarded as a trophy by the Lin County Venerable for the people of the county to visit and pay their respects.

When the people present saw the human skin, and heard about today's thrilling process of killing ghosts, they were all terrified.

The slovenly old man sat on the head, and the enthusiastic neighbors thanked the old man for helping them get rid of the big harm. They toasted desperately one by one. The banquet had just begun, and he was already overwhelmed.

While Yuan Yutang was taking care of the drunk and sloppy old man, his little face was tense all the time, and his brows were furrowed, as if he was thinking about some problem.

Seeing that the atmosphere at the banquet was getting hotter, Yuan Yutang resigned from Fat Lin County Venerable who was receiving praise from the public on the grounds that the old Taoist was drunk.

Lin Xianzun readily agreed, and sent two yamen servants to help carry the drunk and sloppy old man back to his room.

The two yamen servants who were in a hurry to go back to have a drink had just left, and the sloppy old man who was unconscious on the back immediately woke up.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang immediately revealed an expression that was as expected.

The slovenly old Taoist exhaled a cloudy mouthful of alcohol, filled a pack of cigarettes, took a deep puff, and said with an embarrassed smile, "How do you know that Daoist is pretending to be drunk?"

Yuan Yutang couldn't help rolling his eyes, and said angrily, "It's not the first time I've met you, old man, so how could you get drunk with that little drink during the dinner?"

After a litter of tobacco leaves was burned out, the sloppy old man knocked off the cigarette residue, sighed and said, "You also noticed something was wrong?"

Yuan Yutang nodded, and said truthfully, "Today's affairs are too smooth, and it doesn't match the common sense you taught me."

The slovenly old Taoist stroked his beard in comfort, and praised, "A fool can be taught, that's good, that's the case, then the Daoist will test you again, what's wrong with you?"

"You said that there are two types of ghosts, souls without bodies, and nightmares with bodies. Before that, you deduced that the ghosts raging here must be ghosts and nightmares, but today's ghost has no body, and it is obviously not the real master. Son, not to mention..."

After a pause, Yuan Yutang glanced at the sloppy old man with some guilty conscience, and said with flickering eyes, "...Moreover, to put it bluntly, with your morality, you shouldn't be able to kill ghosts and nightmares so easily..."

The sloppy old man was still listening with gusto, but when he heard the second part of Yuan Yutang's sentence, he jumped up angrily, slapped Yuan Yutang's forehead, and cursed in a low voice, "It's not big or small, is Daoist as bad as you said? ?”

Yuan Yutang was not annoyed either, hehehe giggled.

He hugged Yuan Yutang, looked around like a sloppy old thief, and after making sure no one was eavesdropping, he carefully whispered in Yuan Yutang's ear, "... baby, maybe we are in big trouble ..."

Yuan Yutang was puzzled, and looked at the sloppy old man suspiciously.

The sloppy old man's face collapsed, and he sighed, "Although Zhu Shanzong's gate and wall have declined, there have been 27 generations since the establishment of the mountain. , Lord Dao, as the twenty-seventh generation master, I am naturally familiar with the secret books written by the ancestors of the past..."

"It is precisely because I have read the secret book that I know that we two may be in great trouble..."

"It is recorded in the secret book that the head of the fifteenth generation once encountered a ferocious ghost and nearly died under the claws of the ghost. After escaping by chance, he returned to the mountain gate with his last breath, and before he died, he told the whole story to the next head... "

"The fifteenth generation headmaster met a painted skin ghost. This ghost is extremely greedy and cunning. He is addicted to eating human flesh and likes to gather human skin. Anyone who is eaten by it will become a painted skin slave and be enslaved by it afterwards. Countless incarnations, extremely difficult to deal with..."

"The fifteenth generation leader was attacked and seriously injured because he didn't know the root cause, and almost died on the spot..."

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened in shock, and he said in astonishment, "So you're saying that the evil ghost who eats people in Gu County is probably the painted skin ghost that the fifteenth headmaster encountered back then?"

The sloppy old man nodded bitterly, and lit the pot again, "Although I really don't want to admit it, but the ghost I punished during the day has no body, and it is exactly the same as the painted skin slave recorded in the secret book~"

"Then, how long has it been since the death of the fifteenth generation head?" Yuan Yutang tremblingly asked another more serious question.

The sloppy old man's face collapsed when he heard this, and he said in mourning, "It's been almost one hundred and fifty years..."

Yuan Yutang felt like falling into an ice cave when he heard the words, his liver and gallbladder trembled.

A big ghost with at least one hundred and fifty years of cultivation has reappeared in the world. Just listening to it is enough to make people frightened. How can he and the sloppy old man be able to deal with characters?

Against a big ghost of this level, wouldn't it be like lighting a lamp in a latrine—looking for death?

In view of this, Yuan Yutang made an instant decision, turned around and ran to pack his luggage.

The sloppy old man was stunned by Yuan Yutang's resolute style, and asked stupidly, "What are you doing?"

Yuan Yutang said anxiously without raising his head, "Of course we should pack up our things and leave as soon as possible, and you should hurry up~ If you don't leave, if the Painted Skin Ghost makes a move, we will be completely chilled~"

"No." The sloppy old man shook his head slowly.

"what?"

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, then asked in surprise, "You, are you not leaving?"

The sloppy old Taoist looked silent, and sighed, "Although my generation of warlocks is transcendent, we should take saving the common people as our duty. Although I am not a great Taoist, if you want me to abandon the people in the city and escape alone, it is absolutely impossible. Unbelievable..."

Yuan Yutang didn't expect that the sloppy old man would commit a crime at a critical moment, and immediately became anxious like an ant in the pot, and admonished him anxiously, "How can you make a meaningless sacrifice for nothing? I can understand that you are so high-spirited that you can't bear to abandon your innocence, but that painted skin Not something we can handle...

Besides, we didn't just run away... We, we can enter the customs and move the rescuers. This is the truly responsible approach, instead of just staying and dying in vain! "

"This statement is absurd." The sloppy old man has a strong temper and doesn't listen to persuasion at all. His old face is straight and he said in a low voice, "I wish the Shanzong sect has been founded for nearly three hundred years, and the sect is full of loyalty. There has never been a coward before a war. If Daoist I follow you, how can I have the face to go underground to meet my ancestors after a hundred years?"

"Then why don't you tell the truth to Lin Xianzun and let him go to the imperial court to send reinforcements?" Yuan Yutang asked again.

The sloppy old man's expression was fixed, his eyes were full of determination, and he said in a concentrated voice, "Ordinary people, how can they be opponents of painted skins and evil spirits? Telling them rashly will only increase panic. And now that the court is in power, how can it care about the land outside the pass?" life and death of the people?

There is a famous warning sentence in Buddhism that if I don’t go to hell, whoever goes to hell, we Taoist children can’t fall behind. Daoist, even if I give up my old life, I still have to fight that evil ghost! "

"If you want to go, go, Daoist, I must stay."

After all, the sloppy old man picked up his burden and walked away.


In the middle of the night, the banquet in the county government had already dispersed, leaving a mess and several drunks lying on the ground.

The sloppy old man quietly appeared on the stage, staring deeply at the human skin left by the painted slave on the shelf, gritted his teeth for the last time, tore off the painted skin, and walked out of the county office silently.

When passing by the stables, he found that Yuan Yutang's horse, the red rabbit horse, was no longer there, and he must have left this place of right and wrong.

It doesn't matter if you leave, but you can't accompany me to die together...

Standing on the dark street, the slovenly old man twisted the painted skin with his hands, and chanted spells to perform secret techniques.

According to the secret book, the painted skin ghost is very good at hiding its aura, and even the fifteenth generation head of the real world was unable to detect the painted skin's real body face to face.

Because of this, in order to avoid the painted skin ghost's poisonous hands in the future, the fifteenth head of the sect came up with an impracticable method when he was dying, so that if the younger generation really encountered the painted skin ghost, they would not be helpless.

The method that is not considered a solution is to find the painted skin ghost and capture the painted skin slave first.

Because the Painted Skin Ghost and the Painted Skin Slave are in the same line of origin, and their auras are connected, as long as the Painted Skin Slave is used as a medium, they can follow the vines and track down the actual location of the Painted Skin Ghost.

As for whether this method is effective, no one has verified it for more than 150 years.

I didn't expect that the sloppy old man would come to verify the authenticity in the end.

Eliminating distracting thoughts in his mind, focusing on guarding the Lingtai, the sloppy old man concentrated on sensing the location of Painted Skin Ghost.

After a while, the sloppy old Taoist who was stunned suddenly woke up, and said to himself in horror:

"This, how is this possible?"

"The breath of Painted Skin Ghost spread all over the city?"


		