

Night, Jingshanzong.

"Brother Yan, Mr. Li, thank you for your kindness, let us drink this cup together."

In the dilapidated hall that has not yet been repaired, Yuan Yutang and others from the Jingshan sect are entertaining Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi.

The three guardians don't like occasions with many people, so he didn't force them to participate, and Sun Yi went out to investigate clues about vampires, so he and Chen Changsheng Lanxi were the only ones to accompany them during the dinner.

After drinking for three rounds, Yuan Yutang got up to toast alone.

Li Chunyi and Yan Chixia smiled and drank a glass with him.

Yan Chixia was bold and forthright by nature, and she didn't know what politeness was at all. She ate meat and drank in big bowls, while Li Chunyi behaved like a Confucian scholar, but there seemed to be a strange look in her eyes.

Compared with the like-minded Yan Chixia, Yuan Yutang has complicated feelings towards Li Chunyi, who acts both righteously and evilly.

But the visitors are all guests, and today Li Chunyi has saved his life, no matter what, it is not rude to treat him well.

After the pleasantries, the atmosphere of the banquet became warmer.

Yuan Yutang took the opportunity to introduce everyone in the Jingshan Sect, pointing to Chen Changsheng first and said, "You two, this is my junior brother Chen Changsheng who is my apprentice on behalf of the teacher."

"Changsheng, haven't you met the two seniors soon?"

Hearing this, Chen Changsheng put down his chopsticks, filled a glass of wine, stood up and toasted respectfully, "Chen Changsheng, the junior, I have met the two seniors."

Yan Chixia laughed loudly and said, "Young man looks talented, it seems that there are successors in the Jingshan sect, congratulations!"

Li Chun held his cup and looked at Chen Changsheng steadily, his expression was very complicated, and finally he forced a smile and said, "Master Yuan has found such a talented person, I think your master has knowledge, he will be very comforted, and send you congratulations!"

Everyone loves to hear a good word, even someone as noble as Yuan Yutang.

It was rare for a distinguished guest to come to the door, and he had only escaped from death not long ago. He was so excited that he didn't notice Li Chunyi's abnormality for a while, and excitedly urged several people to drink.

After the guests and hosts have finished celebrating, the banquet is dispersed.

Yan Chixia drunkenly took a walk with Li Chunyi in the yard.

"Why didn't you reveal your identity to Yuan Yutang?"

Suddenly, the drunkenness in Yan Chixia's eyes disappeared instantly, and she asked meaningfully to Li Chunyi beside her.

Li Chunyi didn't answer, just bent down and groped for something in the grass above his knees.

After a while, he found a palm-sized wooden pony from the grass, and happily showed off to Yan Chixia, "I found it. This is a toy I snatched from the third brother when I was eight years old. He was so cute and crying You are obviously older than me, but you are always bullied by me. At that time, I hid the pony here and turned around and forgot about it. I didn’t expect it to still be there after all these years..."

"I was ignorant before, and only thought that the third senior brother was weak. Later, I realized that he deliberately let me in. He would rather be wronged than make me unhappy."

Sitting down on the ground, Li Chun buried his head in his knees, and a muffled voice came from inside:

"Although we lived in poverty back then, it was the happiest time of my life..."

"Eldest senior brother went, second senior brother also went, and later master was wronged and died. I was young and vigorous, determined to avenge master, and I didn't hesitate to turn against third senior brother. I really suffered a big loss... If I didn't happen to meet you Brother Qian, I'm afraid I'm long gone..."

"I feel very guilty and blame myself for causing the third senior brother to bear all the hatred and burdens alone... I have always wanted to apologize to the third senior brother for so many years, but it is a pity that even he is not here..."

Yan Chixia listened quietly, and silently took out a cigarette from her bosom.

This is the way of eating tobacco that Yuan Yutang taught him, not to mention, it is very exciting.

Light it up, and take half a breath in one breath, feeling the nicotine swirling in the lungs, and the pores of the whole body seem to be stretched.

Immediately after, he exhaled the smoke deeply, as if expelling joy, anger and sorrow from his body, he laughed and said, "Life is full of regrets, and life is life with regrets. Don't be dragged down by the past, and focus on the future."

Patting Li Chunyi on the shoulder, he said softly, "Since I feel ashamed, I might as well confess to your nephew earlier. Based on my understanding of him, I shouldn't blame you too much."

Li Chunyi raised his head and smiled wryly with tears streaming down his face, "So what if I confess? Do I want to lick my face and beg him to forgive me? From the moment I betrayed my teacher and joined Zhenmensi, I have no face to go back to Jingshanzong Well, anyway, with Yuan Yutang around, the Jingshan Sect will not worry about prosperity, so why let me, a sinner, bring the sect into disgrace?"

Yan Chixia stared ahead, and replied casually, "It's up to you, but we meet again after a long time, are you sure you don't want to burn incense in front of your third senior brother's grave?"

Li Chunyi's face was tangled, and he said dejectedly after a long time, "Forget it, what face do I have to see the third senior brother? The murderer Yang Kai has already been executed by Yuan Yutang himself, and it is considered to be the last ties between me and the old master. Fetters, I can rest assured that the Jingshan sect is handed over to these young people, and I believe they will do better than me."

"What's more, that matter hasn't been resolved yet, just in case something happens..."

Yan Chixia smiled, finished smoking the remaining cigarette in her hand, and immediately went back to her room to sleep, leaving Li Chunyi to continue to cherish the memory of the past.


"What, are you going to Guobei County?"

Early the next morning, during the breakfast, Yan Chixia threw out a big news suddenly, which immediately aroused Yuan Yutang's interest.

Yan Chixia burped after finishing the porridge in the bowl, picked her teeth leisurely and said with a smile, "A certain family knew that your kid would be interested, do you want to go play together?"

Yuan Yutang just nodded excitedly, and then asked suspiciously, "No, last time I invited you to go to Guobei County to kill demons, but you excused yourself by saying that the affairs of demons are under the control of the Zhenmagic Division, and it's not your six-door business." Range, why did you suddenly change your mind now?"

Yan Chixia pouted at Li Chunyi, who was eating quietly, and teased, "Isn't there a ready-made brass arrester in the evil house of the town magician? You can ask him if you have any questions."

Li Chunyi smiled lightly, put down the bowl and chopsticks, wiped the corners of his mouth gracefully, and said with a gentle smile, "In recent years, Shannan Road has not been peaceful, and the incidents of evil spirits have multiplied. Among them, Guobei County is the most serious, and it has reached the point where it cannot be dealt with. Therefore, I have specially submitted an application to the Ministry of Officials to plan a multi-departmental joint operation, and strive to fight against the evil spirits and return the common people to a bright future."

"Of course, both Zhenmensi and the Six Doors have limited manpower, and I have tried my best to recruit President Yan, so I sincerely invite Head Yuan to help me fight."

Speaking of which, Li Chun bowed all the way to the end, his attitude and etiquette were impeccable.

Yuan Yutang was a little confused about Li Chunyi's intentions.

His intuition told him that an old fox like Li Chunyi must have some deep meaning in his actions, but the elimination of demons in Lanruo Temple is his heart disease. It is a rare opportunity to act openly, which immediately makes him want to stop.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's distrust of Li Chunyi, Yan Chixia shook her head helplessly, and said with a smile, "Don't get entangled, brother, there is a certain family, this man and snake can't trap you."

With Yan Chixia's guarantee, Yuan Yutang immediately cast aside his doubts, and agreed sonorously, "If that's the case, I'll be counted as a poor man!"

Li Chunyi cupped his hands and said, "The head of the sect is righteous."

Then the three discussed the itinerary, agreed to leave in three days, and prepared to leave.

After Lan Xi and Chen Changsheng finally waited until Yan Chixia left, they immediately stopped Yuan Yutang and confessed their feelings.

"This time count me in!"

"Young master, last time you promised others, please take me too!"

Yuan Yutang was stunned, and then smiled wryly, "Don't make trouble, the gathering of demons in Guobei County is not just for fun, you are not allowed to go!"

Chen Shengsheng retorted displeasedly, "The sages say that it is better to travel thousands of miles than to read thousands of books, and you often teach me to practice the truth. Now that I have entered the ranks of warlocks, it is better to practice more than to work behind closed doors in the teacher's school." Accumulate some actual combat experience! I know that senior brother is worried about my safety, but no matter how well the flowers grow in the greenhouse, they will still not be able to withstand the wind and rain, so is it possible that senior brother wants to protect me for the rest of my life?"

This high-sounding reason made Yuan Yutang speechless, so he had no choice but to agree to Chen Changsheng's request.

He is indeed right. When walking in the rivers and lakes, you should practice more, otherwise you will stumble sooner or later no matter how high you are.

Lan Xi immediately became displeased, and said angrily, "Why do you look down on him? Although Mr. Chen is not the former Wuxia Amon, he is not a vegetarian either. Why don't you let me accompany you?"

"Okay, okay, Lanxi is the best, you will help me the most by staying at home obediently~" Yuan Yutang said casually.

Lan Xi was so angry that she rolled her eyes. She was just about to roll around when she suddenly thought of a good idea and left angrily.

Yuan Yutang didn't take it seriously, and told Chen Changsheng to prepare for the trip as soon as possible, and then dispersed.


Three days passed quickly, and the four gathered at the foot of the mountain early in the morning.

Li Chun and his party were very careful, and had already arranged for two carriages to wait for them to avoid the bumpy journey.

Yuan Yutang and the others were very satisfied. It was a long way to go, and it was better to have a stable rest environment than to sleep in the open.

Two or two each got into the car and set off.

After more than thirty miles away, a dumbfounding thing happened in the carriage where Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng were in.

Lan Xi actually hid in the carriage ahead of time, and didn't show up until he was far away.

This directly caught Yuan Yutang by surprise, and it was hard for her to go back alone, so he could only pinch his nose and agree to accompany her.


A few days later, Tianma City, the imperial capital.

A knight on a fast horse with red feathers on his body went straight from the city gate to the outside of a resplendent Buddhist house.

"Report~ The former royal cook of Shaozhou in Tianshui was disguised by a demon, and has been executed by Yuan Yutang, the head of the Jingshan sect, together with Yan Chixia, the chief arrester of Jinjian of the six sects, and Li Chunyi, the arrester of the evil house of the town of magic, Huangtong! "

The fast-horse knight had been galloping for thousands of miles day and night, and was already at the end of his battle. After shouting out the news with all his strength, he died on the spot.

Several nuns in make-up with unfriendly faces ignored the knight's fresh corpse and whispered to each other.

"Who eats the heart of a bear and the guts of a leopard, and even dares to touch the people of the national teacher?"

"This matter can be big or small, and the future problems need to be resolved before the national teacher gets angry!"

"Those three guys dare to break ground on Tai Sui's head, maybe they will be sent to see the Buddha!"


To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 20 Secrets and Changes is free to read.




		