

There is a proverb in Xuanjie, that is, it is better to be bombarded by nine thunders than to encounter three evils in the mountains.

The three evils in the mountains here are the mandrill, the mountain spirit and the mountain ghost.

Mandrills have been rumored since ancient times.

It is said that if the apes in the mountains are lucky enough to live for fifty years, and when the end of their lifespan coincides with the day of the dog's eclipse, they will be resurrected from the dead and become a terrible monster.

This kind of monster called mandrill is extremely ferocious, likes to feed on children, is good at reading people's hearts, and is used to confuse and hunt by pretending to be the dead relatives of the victim, and comes and goes without a trace, hides without a trace, and dies because of its fate And resurrection, so he jumped out of the five elements and was not in the three realms, so it was extremely difficult to pinpoint his whereabouts.

Therefore, whenever there are mandrills infesting, ordinary warlocks with low skills are often helpless.

And the mountain spirit, who is one of the three evils together with the mandrill, is even more strange.

The legend of the mountain spirit has a long history. It is recorded in the ancient book "Huainanzi Fanlunxun" that "the mountain comes out of the sun".

Qianchao Gao You noted: "Xiaoyang is also a mountain spirit. It has a human-shaped monkey face, no tail, a black face, a body covered with green hair, four eyes with blue pupils, and smiles when it sees people."

Volume 3 of "Yiyuan" written by Liu Jingshu of the Song Dynasty in the Southern Dynasty: "The mountain spirit is like a man, standing on two legs, three or four feet long, eating human souls, coming out at night and hiding in the daytime."

Tang Zhongzong's "Shi Cong" poem: "The water dazzles the pearls and meets the spring guest, and the rock hangs the stone mirror and hates the mountain spirit."

Yang Weizhen of the Northern Dynasties wrote the poem "Qian Tang Nostalgia": "The light of the night is attached to the mountain, and the dragon spirit disappears with the sea fog in autumn."

In fact, the mountain spirit is a strange creature that lives in groups and wanders between the human world and the underworld. The creature is thin and powerful, and its movements are as fast as thunder. Its four eyes are good at confusing enemies, and it likes to devour souls.

The mountain spirit is a kind of spirit that all warlocks and demons are unwilling to provoke, not because of how powerful it is, but because they have one thing in common, that is, they have a strong desire for revenge. Killing a mountain spirit is equivalent to offending the entire mountain spirit. In the spirit group, all the mountain spirits will live forever with their enemies until the enemies and their direct bloodlines are all dead.

And the last fierce mountain ghost is mysterious and unpredictable, only a few words have been passed down to the world. It is said that it was transformed by the spirit of the mountain after death. Magical powers.

Mountain ghosts are born with the spirit of the decline of the world, so whenever a mountain ghost appears, it is often the darkest time when the world collapses and is irreparable.


Ever since he saw the bloody corpse with the four-eyed monkey face, Chen Changsheng's heart sank to the bottom of the valley.

Damn!

How could I be so unlucky to meet such an unsolvable monster like a mountain spirit!

Isn't it recorded in the classics that mountain spirits only appear in wild mountains far away from densely populated areas?

Although this place is quite desolate, it is not far from the surrounding state capitals.

He killed a mountain spirit by mistake, but now he stabbed a hornet's nest.

When he was so upset, Chen Changsheng suddenly remembered that Lan Xi was not yet safe, and he was so anxious that he hurried back without healing his wounds.


At the same time, under the Prancing Horse Plain, where the stars were sparse and the moon was dark, there was a small figure sitting cross-legged on a small hillside, even though the night wind was blowing like a knife, it still remained motionless.

Fair and lovely baby fat face, shiny bald head, moon-white close-fitting monk robe.

This person is indeed Bai Yun!

It's strange to say that Bai Yun used the method of water divination a few days ago to predict that Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi's trip was in danger, but he didn't go to the rescue immediately, but came to the Prancing Horse Plain alone uncharacteristically. After sitting dry for several days, this is very unpredictable.

The white clouds that live in the wind and sleep in the open are like a majestic stone sculpture, as if they are integrated with the whole plain.

Suddenly, he opened his eyes suddenly, and it seemed that two rays of light flashed away.

He sensed that the person he was waiting for had already arrived.

The wind blows the grass low, and soon a black dot appears at the end of the horizon.

The black dot galloped close to the ground at an incredible speed.

Soon Baiyun saw who was coming.

Those pupils are darker than the night, the skin is whiter than the snow, and there are countless waving arms behind it.

The person who came was Bai Yun's longing, longing but dare not meet the Buddha demon!

In an instant, Bai Yun's eyes filled with tears.

That day, Baiyun got enlightenment from the method of water manifestation. He knew that the Buddha demon would definitely appear nearby in the near future, so he didn't care about rescuing Chen Changsheng and the two and chose to wait here.

Sure enough, let him successfully wait until the Buddha demon appeared.

Looking at that numb and familiar face, his tears were like a river breaking a bank, and he couldn't stop it anymore.

He is so gifted that he was born knowing it, and he began to remember things from the moment he was born and opened his eyes.

He still remembered that on that snowy night, he was abandoned by his heartless biological parents on the back mountain of the White Horse Temple. When he was about to suffer from hunger and cold, it was his master who pulled him out of the gate of hell.

He also remembered that it was his master who took care of him in undressed clothes for a full month, which brought him back to life after being extremely weak.

He even remembered the countless sweet moments in the following five years.

In winter, the two masters and apprentices wrapped up a thin quilt to keep each other warm, and watched the sunrise and sunset on the top of the mountain countless times.

Those are the most precious memories of his life so far.

He has always known that his master is a hard-working person, and that his fiancée and him are the only concerns in this world.

Later, his teacher's wife died tragically, and his anger was no less than that of his master.

But when bad luck befalls the master, he is young and weak and can't change at all.

I can only watch helplessly as the master becomes a demon because of love, turns himself into a demon, and falls into the abyss of eternal doom.

Since then, he has vowed that one day, he must personally give the master a relief.

For this reason, he changed his fatigue and practiced the Dharma diligently, no matter how hard and tired he was, he never complained.

He had fantasized about the reunion of master and apprentice countless times.

But when they really met again, he found that the warm memories of the past turned into the most heart-wrenching pain.

"Master~"

Bai Yun wept uncontrollably, this scene was like a true reenactment of the scene in his illusion on the other side.

It's a pity that the master in reality has long lost his humanity, and he is not as pleasant as in the illusion.

At that time, in the face of the supreme temptation to reach the other shore, he could stick to his nature and not break the fetters, but he could not remain indifferent when facing his mentor who had fallen into a demon.

At this time, the Buddha demon was no longer the kind and restrained young monk, but a heinous demon with innocent blood on his hands.

"Huh~"

As if sensing a familiar aura from Bai Yun, the Buddha demon couldn't help but raise his head and spit out a mouthful of thick white mist, like a hungry wolf suddenly encountering a single sheep, so excited that he couldn't control himself.

Before Baiyun could react, the Buddha demon launched a fierce and fiery attack.

"Howling~"

The Buddha demon was very imposing, and the strong demonic aura formed an evil Buddha Dharma figure sitting cross-legged on a white bone lotus seat in mid-air with a ferocious face.

With a flash of his figure, he rushed towards the white clouds like a meteor.

boom!

It's too late to say it.

In an instant, the Buddha demon crossed a distance of several miles, came to Baiyun in an instant, and raised his fist without saying a word.

Bai Yun was like a demonic barrier, neither dodging nor dodging, and abruptly swallowed the heavy blow that the Buddha demon smashed down the Tianling Gai.

when!

The strange thing is that under the heavy blow enough to split the gold and crack the stone, the clear sound of gold and iron clanging can be heard above Baiyun's head.

"Via... Gang... Bodhisattva... body?"

The Buddha demon seemed surprised, and rarely uttered a term clearly in his chaotic memory.

The Vajra Bodhi body is another name for Vajra Indestructible Body, one of the supreme mysteries of Buddhism, and it is also the symbol of the Arhat realm. Unexpectedly, Baiyun could cast the Vajra Bodhi body in advance in the mage realm. He really deserves to be the contemporary Buddha of Baima Temple.

However, although Vajra Bodhi's body is invincible in defense, he bears the Buddha's body head-on in this way.

Bai Yun was also dizzy with the punch of Yao Da Yao's cultivation base.

It's just that Bai Yun couldn't help being overjoyed when he heard that the Buddha demon couldn't help recognizing the body of Vajra Bodhi.

Sure enough, the master has not completely wiped out human nature. Since he can recognize the Vajra Bodhi body, he will probably recognize himself.

Just when Baiyun endured the pain and was about to influence the Buddha demon.

"Jie Jie Jie... lovers in the world deserve death, but Buddhist bald donkeys deserve death even more!!!"

The Buddha demon suddenly became angry, and countless arms behind him fell like shooting stars.

Without giving Baiyun a chance to speak, he was overwhelmed by countless fists.

Boom boom boom!

Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang!

Under the blast of strong wind, it looks like a large blacksmith workshop, and the sound of clanging and powerful metal clashing can be heard endlessly.

Baiyun seemed to have lost his soul, allowing the Buddha demon to beat him up and not fight back.

Gradually, cracks began to appear on Baiyun's pure and clean Vajra Bodhi, and his seven orifices were slowly oozing blood.

Although the Vajra Bodhi body is extremely defensive, it also has a limit.

What's more, the attack power of the Buddha demon is extremely fierce.

If Bai Yun continued to be beaten passively like this, he might be beaten to death on the spot.

when!

The Buddha demon punched Baiyun's chest with such force that it pierced through his back, causing Baiyun's whole body to be lifted off the ground, and the defensive dharma robe on his body couldn't bear it any longer, and it directly shattered into a flying butterfly.

Click!

The body of Vajra Bodhi, which was densely covered with cracks, also shattered at the same time.

With a whimper, Baiyun opened his mouth and sprayed out a stream of blood arrows, directly spraying the Buddha demon all over his head and face.

Strange to say.

The originally manic Buddha demon was agitated by his blood, and unexpectedly stopped attacking strangely, his black pupils seemed to be shining with splendor, and he was sluggish on the spot.

After a while, the Buddha asked mechanically, "Why...don't you avoid it?"

The white cloud with a small body hanging almost entirely on the Buddha demon's fist was bleeding, and looked extremely miserable. Hearing the words, he said intermittently, "Master's kindness to his disciples... is as heavy as a mountain... the kindness of nurturing... I dare not forget ...Next...maybe the disciple will commit the act of killing the teacher in a rebellious manner..."

"Then... this beating... Quan should repay my teacher's five years of nurturing..."

After hearing this, the ferocious Buddha demon's expression became even more distorted and tangled, and his pale face showed a rare sign of struggle, but it quickly disappeared and returned to madness.

Just as he was about to finish off this annoying little bald donkey with a punch, suddenly a small hand as gentle as jade rested on his arm.

"Master... offended..."

Before the words were finished, a ray of Buddha's light shot up from the ground.

Behind the broken clouds seemed to reveal the Buddha's dharma face with benevolent brows.

That is the supreme secret method that can only be mastered by the spiritual boy Buddhas of the Baima Temple——

Buddha moves mountains and rivers! ! !


		