

Four nights later.

Tonight was exceptionally abnormal, there were no insects or birds, and even the beasts that were used to foraging at night were gone, as if all the creatures in this forest had disappeared out of thin air.

Suddenly, a strange sound of gongs and drums broke the strange silence.

A team of strange bride-seeking teams dressed in red and ribbons descended from the sky, and the servants wore small colorful flags on their backs, with words such as "quiet" and "avoidance" written on them, beating and beating all the way to the three-entry hut of the old man's house.

Waiting outside the fenced yard, the leader is a short man with dark green skin, a mountain-shaped head, an upturned nose and fangs protruding from his lips, a piece of red silk on his upper body, and a banana skirt on his lower body. The wooden gate unexpectedly opened automatically.

Clearing his throat, the little dark green man coyly took out a bookmark with a yellow paper and red border, and said loudly, "Today is an auspicious day, and the Huang family Saburo is seventeen years old. He has both good character and kindness. Shan Qiong Mr. Cishan wants to recruit him as his son-in-law, and the two surnames will marry, and they will make a contract together, and the marriage will last forever. Make an appointment, write to Hongjian, so that the alliance of red leaves will be recorded in Mandarin..."

"...This certificate is a lesson from the sun and the moon!"

After reading the marriage certificate, the little dark green man blew lightly.

The turbid air gathered and did not disperse, seeping into Westinghouse as if alive.

Not long after, the window of the West Room opened inexplicably, and a drowsy figure floated straight out.

The little dark green man raised his chin arrogantly, and several similar but smaller dark green men came up immediately, stripped the scrawny Huang Jiasanlang into a naked pig, and then quickly changed into the groom's robes that he had prepared long ago.

"Send my uncle to the sedan chair, be careful, don't hurt my uncle!" The little dark green man yelled at those clumsy companions.

After the preparations are complete, the gongs and drums are beaten again, and the bearers happily get up and go out.

As if shrinking to an inch, the wedding reception team quickly disappeared under the night.


After the weird pick-up team left, a gap was quietly opened in the main house of Old Man Huang’s house, and a small head was lying on the threshold to observe for a long time. After making sure no one found it, he turned around and said with a smile, “Old man Huang is gone, come on!” Come down and just wait for the good news from my son."

A worried old voice came from the darkness, "Miss Lanxi, is it really all right? Don't get involved with the little fairy because of the old man..."

"And don't worry, there is nothing in this world that my young master can't do, so just relax!"


The family pick-up team climbed over mountains and ridges as if there was nothing, and passed through a hidden mountain stream. Suddenly, a straight and wide stone road appeared in front of it, leading to a misty valley.

Both sides of the stone road are filled with elegant wedding pans and red lanterns hung with red silk. Mimi silk and bamboo orchestral music floats from a distance, and strange figures walking together loom in the mist from time to time.

As soon as the pick-up team arrived, the figure in front hurried out of the way, and there were endless compliments:

"Oh, this is the son-in-law that the Lord Fu Jun recruited newly~"

"Congratulations, congratulations to the lord and noble daughter of the mansion for getting married, to grow old together, to be together forever~"

Hearing the festive words, the little dark green man raised his head arrogantly, his air was so high that those who didn't know it thought he was the protagonist of the night.

All the way was unimpeded, and I saw a grand courtyard with high walls in the depths of the valley, decorated with lanterns and colorful lights, creating a festive atmosphere.

The pick-up team filed into the vermilion lacquer

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The gate with copper nails, however, guests from afar are not allowed to enter for the time being.

The guests with weird figures were not annoyed, at least not annoyed by their appearance, they gathered patiently in front of the door and chatted in a low voice.

Not long after, a burly man in a big red robe walked out of the gate, and said loudly:

"The auspicious time has come, guests enter!"

Immediately, the guests who had been waiting for a long time rushed forward.

The wedding reception team came to a brand new three-story attic in the mansion. There was a middle-aged woman with pearls and powder waiting in front of the door. Seeing the wedding reception team finally arrived, her eyes lit up and she turned her waist and swayed her hips to greet her.

"Qingmao, you are so beautiful today~" The little dark green man stared closely at the swollen bust of the middle-aged mistress with a pair of small eyes, drooling and admiring.

"Virtuous behavior~" The old lady gave the little dark green man a coquettish look, and hooked his soul away, and said with a coquettish smile, "Don't be poor, the good time is coming, it will delay the young lady's important affairs, be careful Master peeled off your skin!"

The little dark green man couldn't help shrinking his neck when he heard the words, and said with a sarcastic smile, "Okay, I'll ask my uncle to come out~"

After finishing speaking, he turned his head and shouted at his companion who was watching the joke, "Why are you still in a daze, didn't you hear Mother Qing say that the good time is coming soon, why don't you please come down quickly?"

The companions dared not speak out, so they carried out the unconscious and stiff Huang Sanlang reasonably, and walked quickly to the attic.

"Hey, what a handsome young man, he will definitely look good in the future. The young lady really has good eyesight."

The coquettish Qingmao's eyes seemed to be glued to Huang Sanlang's thin and well-defined face, and she praised wildly.

The little dark green man was a little unconvinced when he heard the words, but he didn't dare to say what was in his heart.

The new house is newly furnished, bright red gauze double-layer tents, sachets hanging at the four corners, red candles flickering, happy characters hanging high, box curtains of sixty or seventy, green and green silk ropes, all kinds of things are different in it.

Sitting quietly on the bed of Dahongxi is a bride dressed in a red hijab and dressed up.

After the minions carried Huang Sanlang into the new house, they bowed their heads and backed out without looking sideways.

When only the two of them were left alone in the new house, the charming atmosphere increased rapidly.

Through the slightly translucent red hijab, the bride gazed affectionately at the wishful husband next to her, and stretched out her white jade hand to rub Ai Lang's cheek with joy and tears, "Husband, these days I really want to lose my concubine~"

As he spoke, he wanted to reach out to take off Huang Sanlang's clothes.

Unexpectedly, the fingertips dared to touch the corner of the clothes, suddenly a big hand came out and grabbed her plain wrist.

The bride froze for a moment, then saw Huang Sanlang, who was supposed to be unconscious, suddenly opened his eyes, and the eyes revealed a stunning brilliance.

"You're not Huang Lang, who the hell are you!"

The bride was startled suddenly and screamed loudly.

Soon those dark green villains waiting outside the building rushed over following the Qingmao.

Huang Sanlang smiled wryly as if mocking himself, let go of the bride's wrist, turned over and sat up, his face suddenly changed, from a thin young man to a young man with a face like a crown in an instant.

Everyone in the room, including the weeping bride who threw herself into the arms of Qing Nao, was so shocked that she forgot to cry.

"You, who are you, dare to pretend to be my uncle?"

Surrounded by a group of subordinates, the little dark green man shouted sternly.

The young man didn't even look at the little dark green man.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Eyes, staring straight at the Qingmao who was clearly capable of making up her mind, she said solemnly, "Yuan Yuji, the head of the Jingshan Sect in Shaozhou, the poor Taoist, wants to see the tiger in front of him, so he can recover the three kidnapped children for Huang Jiasanlang." Seven souls."

As soon as this remark came out, everyone was furious.

Sister Qing was trembling with anger, pointed at Yuan Yutang's nose and cursed, "What a bully nose, you dare to disturb my young lady's life-long affairs, I will send you to see Sanqing Daozu!"

Speaking of which, the slender jade arm suddenly elongated, and countless scales emerged from under the skin, turning into a giant python that devoured Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang sighed, raised his arm lightly, and a yellow talisman slipped out of his sleeve, and shot towards the attacking python like a shooting star.

As soon as the two came into contact, a ball of sparks exploded instantly.

Sister Qing flew out with a scream, slammed heavily on the wall and landed slumped to the ground. Her arm also returned to its original state, but it was covered with traces of high temperature scorching.

"Why bother, I don't want to be rough." Yuan Yutang shook his head and sighed.

Three or three are inexhaustible, six or six are infinite, and thirty-six represents infinity. Those who practice the Tiangang method are great supernatural powers.

The reason why Yuan Yutang was able to impersonate Huang Sanlang, the suffering master, was entirely due to his newly opened supernatural power of Tiangang—transformation of fetus into shape.

The fetus changes shape, or becomes male, or female, or old, or young, or divine bird, or strange beast. It can change everything in the world at will.

With this supernatural power, Yuan Yutang perfectly deceived everyone, including the bride.

If it wasn't for the fact that the bride was so anxious that she prepared the bridal chamber without even paying her respects, maybe Yuan Yutang would be able to hide the birth of the child.

At first, Yuan Yutang thought that the one who fell in love with Huang Sanlang was Shanye Jingmei, and planned to marry Huang Sanlang instead, waiting for the opportunity to kill the evil monster.

But when the pick-up team arrived, he realized that he had made a big mistake.

That little dark green man was clearly the Yaksha who opened the way in front of the mountain god.

It turned out that the one who wanted to accept her son-in-law was actually the daughter of a mountain god!

This is outrageous.

Generally, the orthodox mountain gods guard one side, eat incense, and keep the believers in the area safe.

Yuan Yutang instinctively felt that there must be something else going on, so he simply followed the plan, and followed the original plan to replace Huang Sanlang and sneak into the Shanshen Mansion first, and then make plans after meeting the rightful owner.

In the end, he failed and could only be forced to show up early.

That green nanny is a big green snake with nearly two hundred years of practice. For the face of the mountain god, Yuan Yutang didn't kill him, otherwise, if she dared to attack him, it would not be a 'one by one Yang burst' Symbol 'can be done.

Yuan Yutang repelled Qingmao lightly, and immediately frightened the dark green villain and other Yashas who opened the way.

Just letting an outsider make trouble in his own mansion, Kailu Yasha felt that he couldn't afford to lose this person, so even though he was terrified to death, he still refused to back down half a step.

Just when the smell of gunpowder was getting stronger and stronger, there was a burst of clear laughter from outside the house:

"It's such a pleasure to have guests coming from afar. Please wait a moment, my lord. I'll be right there."

Hearing the words, a group of Yakshas who opened the way were relieved, they lifted up the seriously injured and unconscious Qing Nanny, and ran out with the bride who was about to cry, leaving Yuan Yutang alone to face the mountain god.

Yuan Yutang blinked, and there was an elegant and tall middle-aged man in purple shirt in the room.

"This King Qiongci Mountain, I have met the real head of the sect!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		