

Zhoujia Village has rich households per capita. It is said to be a village, but it has annexed the surrounding land over the years, which is not much worse than ordinary big towns.

The righteous village where the corpses are suspended is also built with extraordinary style.

A Zhuangzi in Nuoda has three courtyards and seventeen hanging corpse rooms. The courtyard is full of singing birds and fragrant flowers. It is not at all gloomy and cramped like an ordinary Yizhuang. It can be seen that the people of Zhoujia Village are rich and powerful.

Yuan Yutang covered his mouth and nose with a white scarf, wrapped two pieces of silk in his hands, and began to burn incense and salute with solemn eyebrows.

"Miscellaneous Secret Arts" records a large number of secret arts in the market, and naturally there are also records of secret arts in the industry.

Wu's operation can be strictly classified into Yin Xing, and the actual operation is very particular. It has come from a set of taboo norms for thousands of years.

In particular, the three sticks of incense asking for directions respected before the autopsy are the most important.

As the old saying goes, people are afraid of three longs and two shorts, and Xiang is afraid of two shorts and one long. @·No fault first launch~~

However, Yuan Yutang watched helplessly as the incense of asking directions burned in the airtight autopsy room into a strange appearance of two shorts and one long.

If the incense is not burnt smoothly, it means that there is something wrong with the corpse, and the normal operation will stop there. If one dares to forcibly perform an autopsy, something will happen.

Fortunately, Yuan Yutang is not an ordinary gangster, even though he knew that there was a warning from Lu Xiang, he still decided to run into it.

The pale corpse of a young girl was parked on the up and down autopsy table in front of her.

Although his figure is attractive, Yuan Yutang has no evil intentions.

In fact, the cause of the girl's death is not complicated. The previous work has proven the truth. The girl died of massive blood loss, and the fatal wound was on the left neck.

What Yuan Yutang needs to find out is whether the girl was killed by someone or whether it was caused by a ghost.

Gently pushing the girl's cheeks aside, Yuan Yutang stared intently at the two bloody holes in the slender neck without speaking.

To be honest, in this situation, his first reaction was to suspect that the girl was probably killed by a zombie.

However, according to the documents written by Wu, the wounds of zombie victims are generally large and shallow, and the wounds are blue-black, while the wounds of girls are sharp and deep, and the wounds are bright red and purple, which obviously does not match the literature.

However, Yuan Yutang did not judge in vain because of this.

Recalling his writing documents, he took out the yellow paper and cinnabar brush that he had prepared a long time ago, and began to draw symbols on the spot.

Wu Zuo Xing should be extensive and profound, and when inspecting corpses suspected of being killed by evil spirits, he has his own feasible detection methods.

Yuan Yutang's "Raise Your Head to Ask the God Talisman" that you just drew should come in handy.

The so-called gods are raised three feet above the head, examining corpses in the yang world, and asking the gods of the underworld.

After drawing the talisman, Yuan Yutang took the freshly baked talisman and smoked it a few times on the smoky asking way incense, chanting words in his mouth.

Suddenly, with a flick of the wrist, during the flipping process, the "Raise Your Head to Ask the God Talisman" spontaneously ignited without fire, and quickly turned into ashes.

Yuan Yutang carefully caught the ashes, spread them evenly on the girl's two wounds, and then waited for the reaction results just like doing an experiment in chemistry class in the previous life.

zip, zip~

Soon the ashes spread on the wound reacted, and the slight sound changed from weak to strong, and two strange purple auras broke through the covering of ashes and leaped in the air.

Yuan Yutang stared solemnly at the two lingering purple auras, and suddenly understood.

Zhou Haihan read it right, the murderer was indeed not a human being, and it was not a zombie either.

But where did those two treacherous purple auras come from?

I have never seen such an evil and strange breath.

Generally speaking, ghosts suck souls, zombies are bloodthirsty, monsters like to eat blood, and monsters confuse people's hearts.

There are not many ghosts and ghosts who like to suck blood. Since the series of murders were not done by zombies, could it be that mosquitoes became spirits?

It stands to reason that "The Great Wilderness Classic" is already the most complete encyclopedia of monsters in the history of Great Xia. All the famous monsters and ghosts in history have been recorded in a book, so a new species will not suddenly pop up, right?

The weird case made Yuan Yutang lose his way for a while, he sighed and prepared to go back to Zhou's house and ask about Zhou Haihan's situation.

The moment he was about to leave, he was like Conan possessed, a flash of lightning flashed through his mind, and the fog was suddenly dispelled.

Yup!


If it wasn't for the local monsters of Daxia recorded in "The Great Wilderness Classic", could it be the work of foreign monsters?

Knowing that the oceanic horse Monica can sail across the ocean to Daxia, he doesn't believe that no foreign monster has set foot in Daxia for thousands of years.

Inexplicably, he realized something and felt that he had found the right direction.

After packing up his things, he walked out of Yizhuang and looked up at the night.

The moon is dark and the wind is high tonight, which is a good weather for murder and arson.

If he is the murderer, he should not miss such a beautiful day.


There are many rich and powerful families in Zhoujia Village, these people rarely live in the Fucheng, and I don’t know if they have eccentricities, they stubbornly think that the village has excellent Fengshui and can best support people, otherwise there would not be so many top officials.

Known as Zhou Ban Mansion on Wednesday, he is a well-known landowner. Legend has it that all the land in Helen's Mansion belongs to his family.

The reason why his family is so brilliant is that, of course, generations of scholars have become high-ranking officials. Now his uncle is the Zuo Shilang of the Ministry of Officials, with a high position and power, and is extremely prominent.

In addition to being rich and powerful on Wednesday, what people talk about more is his good fortune.

He is just one year old this year, but he has more than eighty wives and concubines who are famous, not to mention the dewy love affair outside the golden house.

With so many wives and concubines, it is natural to spread their branches and leaves extremely fiercely.

He has one hundred and thirteen sons alone, ranging from one to three years old. He is simply a typical example of a feudal landlord.

Ordinary people would like to have more children and grandchildren, but if there are as many as Wednesday, maybe there will only be troubles left.

Although the whole family seems to be happy and happy every day, they have been fighting to the death behind their backs for nothing more than fighting for family property.

Zhou Tong is famous in front of others, but secretly troubled. Every day he sees those sons who hide their knives in their smiles, and they get upset.

Fortunately, he has a considerate little padded jacket.

Zhou Lanlan is the daughter of Zhou Tong's seventh concubine and his only daughter. She is sixteen years old this year.

Zhou Tong has been fond of him since he was a child. As long as Zhou Lanlan wants it, Wednesday Tong will find it for his precious daughter even if he digs three feet.

However, a series of murders of young girls discovered in the village in recent days cast a cloud of gloom over Wednesday Tong's heart.

Zhou Lanlan, who is used to sinister people, would not naively think that a murderer who could commit such a bloody crime would be afraid of his status and ignore Zhou Lanlan.

Also worried about sending Zhou Lanlan away, Zhou Tong could only start by strengthening the nursing staff.

Unlike Zhou Haihan, who has a small family and a small family, he needs to personally lead the nurses to protect his daughter. The rich and powerful Zhou Tong directly packs all the well-known experts in Helen's mansion into his home, regardless of whether they are good or evil.

Although all famous masters are rebellious and rebellious, and masters who make a living in Fucheng will definitely have grievances with their peers, and under normal circumstances, they will never join hands with enemies.

But there are too many people who can’t hold back on Wednesday’s pass. Just completing this ticket is enough to live comfortably in the next life. Who can refuse such a temptation?

Nearly 300 well-known and well-known masters gathered in the Zhou Mansion. Those who didn't know this scene might think that Zhou Tong didn't do business and opened a martial arts gym instead.

Zhou Zhoutong even released bold words, whoever can catch the murderer, no matter whether he lives or dies, the Zhou family will control Xumu's first-class paddy fields!

The market price of one mu of high-quality paddy fields is at least three hundred taels, especially in the barren avenues of Sanshan Province, where high-quality paddy fields have long been priced out of the market, and often eight hundred taels may not be able to buy one mu.

These so-called masters work hard every year, and in the end they can save hundreds of taels of silver, which is enough to save money for housekeeping. Forty thousand taels of silver can't be earned in a lifetime!

So under the stimulation of heavy money, those warriors who licked their blood at the knife edge were gearing up one by one, praying to gods and worshiping Buddha that they could meet the murderer, so that they could exchange the murderer's head for wealth.

Now the Zhou Mansion has a perimeter of three miles, one post, ten steps and one post, and there are people patrolling around the clock, let alone a murderer, even a fly can't fly into the mansion.

At Haishi, it was finally Zhou Lanlan's and her mother's turn to say hello to her father, and she couldn't wait to go back to her boudoir, preparing to read the latest tales of wits and beauties brought back from the capital by her father overnight.

The story in that storybook is written in a lingering and pathetic way, hitting the heart of a young girl in Huaichun.

In Zhou Lanlan's dream, she always wanted to have a handsome and wishful man like the one in the story who is talented, talented, witty and humorous.

It's just that the tall and thin man with a gloomy temperament behind him affected his mood a bit.

Zhou Lanlan frowned in displeasure, and immediately left with three little maids in a haughty manner.

Recently, there have been a lot of inexplicable people in the family, which made Zhou Lanlan feel very uncomfortable. Those lewd eyes that she thought were hidden on her body made her feel extremely disgusted!

If it wasn't for her father's insistence, she would have kicked out all those ignorant guys long ago!

After finally returning to the boudoir, Zhou Lanlan ordered the little maid to boil water to prepare for a bath. Taking advantage of the gap, she picked up the half-read book under the oil lamp and continued to read. Error-free update@

The flames are swaying, and the delicate and warm boudoir seems to be stained by the orange light. The beauty under the light looks focused, and the joys and sorrows fluctuate with the fate of the protagonist in the story. The beauty is not real in the world.

When the pages of the book were turned to the last page, Zhou Lanlan put down the storybook without getting enough.

Only then did she realize that it was already midnight, and she couldn't help being annoyed that the little maid didn't ask her to wash up.

Just about to give a reprimand to the little girl who stole the girl and played tricks, she looked up unexpectedly and found a figure behind the screen in the corner of the boudoir.

Zhou Lanlan was taken aback, and was about to call out, when she suddenly found out in horror that she couldn't move.

"Hehe, what a beautiful oriental beauty, she really has the most attractive taste of a virgin."

Immediately after Zhou Lanlan's terrified eyes, a tall, handsome foreign blond man walked out from behind the screen.

The blond man stretched out his red tongue and licked his lips, and smiled sinisterly, "I have to say, this village is really full of beauties, one of them is outstanding, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever met, Even compared to Monica, it's on par..."

"So, want to be my queen?".


		