

"Pindao wants to send you all to blissful rebirth!"

Yuan Yutang calmly gave an ultimatum to many rat demons.

All the rat demons were stunned for a moment, and immediately burst into laughter.

It is true that he ghostly killed the burly rat monster just now, and it acted as a deterrent, but if he thought that this alone was enough to make all the rat monsters wait to be killed, he would be too naive.

We must know that there are many people, even ordinary people, not to mention rat monsters full of caves.

There are hundreds of mouse monsters here, even if they kill hundreds of pigs, it will take at least half a day.

Those who killed the rat demons didn't believe that Yuan Yutang, who was alone, could kill them all, so they thought he was out of his mind.

After the bridegroom officer laughed out loud, he said with a ferocious expression on his face, "Where did I think he was an expert, but I didn't expect him to be a fool full of nonsense! Boys, take down that lunatic for me, and I will deal with you later." Eat it together!"

The rat monsters were in an uproar when they were ordered, and rushed forward screaming and screaming.

Yuan Yutang didn't panic at all, but said to Da Qingniu indifferently, "Qui, show me the entrance of the cave, if you leak a mouse, you are the only one to ask!"

Da Qingniu rolled his eyes smartly, and immediately wobbled to block the entrance of the cave.

It was too late to say it, and in an instant, Yuan Yutang was overwhelmed by a large group of rat monsters coming from the tide.

Seeing how brave his subordinate Erlang is, the groom's officer, King Heimao, smiled gratifiedly.

It didn't take long for him to stop laughing.

"Huh~"

Yuan Yutang breathed out lightly, and casually threw away the torn corpse in his hand.

Looking around, corpses were strewn all over the field, blood was flowing everywhere, apart from him in the cave, the only ones left were the couple on the stage.

The groom's officer, the black-haired king, widened his eyes in disbelief, and was speechless for a while.

How, how is it possible?

Hundreds of rat monsters in the fairy realm, were they all torn alive by that yellow-mouthed scorpion?

That's right.

All the rat demons were not killed, but torn alive, and there was not a single complete corpse at the scene.

It seemed that Yuan Yutang's emaciated body was hiding a prehistoric beast that would pierce the sky. @*~~

Such a violent act frightened the black-haired king.

Swallowing with difficulty, the black-haired king saw the nearly unscathed Yuan Yutang walking towards him with a gentle smile on his face.

Every time he took a step closer, his heart beat wildly.

The fear in my heart almost exploded. I have never encountered such a strange situation since the black-haired king took shape.

Wanting to make trouble, but lacking in confidence, the black-haired king was entangled and wanted to die for a while.

But he soon made up his mind.

In the final analysis, he is considered number one in size, and if he really does not fight against others, even if he survives, there is no need to be confused if it gets out.

Being a monster these days is the same as playing in an association. If your reputation is too bad, you won’t be able to attract wild monsters to join them. Naturally, you will not be able to grow and develop. Once you are targeted by warlocks or the government sends troops to encircle and suppress them, you may be in danger of being overthrown.

Rather than trying to survive, it is better to fight to the death.

In an instant, the black-haired king's eyes were bloodshot, and the fear in his heart was suppressed by the inexplicable evil fire, and he roared sharply, "You are too bullying, really think that I am afraid of you? Everyone's realm is no more than equal (real person realm and monster realm), If life and death are really going to face each other, it's not certain who will win!"

Yuan Yutang frowned, and smiled contemptuously, "If you don't believe in evil, you can try it?"

These words completely angered the black-haired king, who suddenly flew out from the big tiger-skin chair, his body swelled up along the way, and his loose groom's robe was bursting with force.

In the blink of an eye, he changed from a human to a giant black-haired rat with a length of one foot.

Revealing its true body means that it will go all out!

"squeak!"

The giant black-haired rat surged with demonic aura, its figure was like the wind, and its two front teeth on the upper jaw were as sharp as a guillotine. It bit Yuan Yutang viciously.

Yuan Yutang chuckled silently, dodged in a stride without haste, and escaped the bite of the giant black-haired rat in the slightest.

Unexpectedly, the giant black-haired mouse's bite was just a feint, and the real killer came from another source.

Just when the two were about to pass by each other, the long tail behind the giant black-haired mouse's buttocks was whipped like water grinding a steel whip.


Huh~ bang~

This blow was so swift and violent that even the air was blown away, and the strong wind rushed straight to the back of Yuan Yutang's head.

If it is solid, let alone a skull, even a huge rock will be smashed to pieces.

Although the danger is so far, Yuan Yutang is still calm and composed.

Raise your fist, swing your hips, and step forward.

Every movement is easy and freehand, like flowing clouds and flowing water, seemingly slow, but in fact it is extremely fast.

""Fist Gang", the immortal asks the way!"

Yuan Yutang said the name of the move in a soft voice, turned around and punched out, and heard a crisp sound, which happened to hit the core force point in the middle of the tail whip.

In an instant, the tail whip whipped like a river breaking its embankment.

"Fist Gang" is the name of Yuan Yutang's self-created boxing method. After many days, it was finally completely perfected.

"What?" The giant black-haired rat was startled suddenly. You must know that the rat-tail whip is a big killer move that it learned without a teacher when it often spied on the tigers preying in the forest before it took shape.

With this ultimate move, he successfully defeated a cat demon in the fairy realm by leapfrogging.

I didn't expect Yuan Yutang to be able to deal with mental calculations without intention.

"It's not rude to come and go, it's my turn to make a move next!"

In astonishment, Yuan Yutang's sneering laughter rang in the ears of the black-haired giant rat like a talisman from the king of Hades, and all the hair on his body stood on end in an instant.

""Fist Gang", Beidou hooks the soul!"

Before the Black-haired Rat Demon could react, he inexplicably felt that his sight was completely dark, and he couldn't reach out his hand. Then, a little starlight suddenly bloomed, and then divided into seven, just like the brightest Big Dipper in the night sky, connected to each other, like a sickle, suddenly It curls up at the neck.

Sensing the deadly threat, the black-haired giant rat's ghosts were all alive, its monster aura boiled desperately, and the monster core in its body trembled violently.

At the critical moment between life and death, the giant black-haired rat was about to blew himself up and destroyed his demon core.

It's a pity that under the suppression of absolute strength, even if it has the courage to explode itself, it's useless.

"receive!"

Yuan Yutang's voice echoed in the boundless darkness like a ghost.

The giant black-haired rat's eyes widened suddenly, its demonic aura stagnated, and its demon core froze.

As if time was frozen, the gorgeous star hooked the sickle over the neck of the giant black-haired rat, and everything returned to calm.

After the dust settled, Yuan Yutang was seen holding a giant rat head as big as a stone mill, dripping blood from his hands, and a huge headless rat corpse lying down at his feet.

"Hehe, you really want to die with me, but it's a pity that the young master just refuses, are you angry?"

Yuan Yutang stubbornly fiddled with the dead rat's head, and then left it aside.

The cave was bloody and bloody, with limbs and arms everywhere, like a horrible slaughterhouse.

The bride, who was obviously taken captive, curled up on the big tiger-skin chair and shivered.

At this time, Yuan Yutang seemed to have just discovered her existence. After thinking about it, he strode up and lifted the red hijab that blocked his view.

Immediately, she saw an incomparably beautiful, pear-blossoming pretty face exposed to the air.

Yuan Yutang was slightly taken aback, pondered for a moment, and said with a smile that he thought was the most kind, "Miss, don't be afraid, this nest of rat monsters has been killed by the poor. I don't know where the lady lives, whether they are married or not? If you don't give up , how about following the poor way?"

These words perfectly reflected the true qualities of a disciple who suddenly saw the beauty and couldn't walk away.

The daqingniu at the entrance of the cave, who was so bored and flicked his tail, rolled his eyes angrily, turned around and turned his butt towards the cave, as if he was ashamed to be with Yuan Yutang.

The little girl who was already terrified was provoked by Yuan Yutang again, and suddenly broke down and burst into tears.

Yuan Yutang, who originally wanted to use jokes to relieve the pressure, was self-defeating, and couldn't help coaxing the crying girl with a big head.

"You, are you really a good person?"

The saliva was almost dry before the girl asked suspiciously. @·No fault first launch~~

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to be rude, nodded his head hastily, and said solemnly, "Really, Pindao is really a 100% good person, as if he was fake!"

"Then, will you really send him home?" The girl still couldn't believe it, and asked repeatedly.

Yuan Yutang was so anxious that he was about to swear to the sky.

He said with a bitter face, "There are gods standing three feet above your head, Pindao really has no evil intentions towards you, and will definitely escort you home with all your beard and hair, please believe me, auntie~"

Maybe it's because the last sentence "auntie" is so funny, it finally made the girl burst into laughter with a burst of tears.

"My lord, my feet are soft and I can't walk..." The girl lowered her head shyly, twisting the corners of her clothes with her small hands, and said in an embarrassed voice.

Yuan Yutang slapped his forehead, and sighed, "Forget it, I can't just leave you alone, come up now, the poor way will carry you behind my back!"

The girl nodded happily when she heard the words, and threw herself behind Yuan Yutang with her arms outstretched, hugging him tightly like an octopus.

Yuan Yutang felt the girl's soft and boneless delicate body stick firmly to his back, and a burst of fresh and intoxicating virgin body fragrance penetrated into his nasal cavity. Unknowingly, he felt his body temperature rising and his blood pulse restless. _o_m

"Ah, son, you are so hot, do you have a fever?"

The girl expressed concern innocently, and made Yuan Yutang feel ashamed. In order to cover up his ugly face, he dared not stand upright, and limped with his waist awkwardly pouted.

After descending the mountain, Yuan Yutang asked the girl, "Where does the girl live?"

The girl said crisply without any warning, "My family lives in Sanhegou, more than 30 miles away."

Yuan Yutang asked in surprise, "Sanhegou? Didn't it just suffer from a military disaster and be looted a few years ago? Can people still live in that place?"

The girl giggled coquettishly and said, "Why can't people live here? At that time, they went to the mountains with the villagers to hide from disasters. They have already been rebuilt and perfected. Is it possible that you are afraid that they are monsters who will harm you?"

"Aren't you?"

The girl was taken aback when she heard the words, and innocently refused to follow her, "Young master hates him, he always teases others~"

Yuan Yutang suddenly stood up straight, his arms were like iron hoops firmly encircling the girl's slender legs, no longer the pig brother's face just now, his eyes were clear, and he repeated in a concentrated voice:

"Pindao didn't tease you, don't you... aren't you a monster?"

"...Ghost Nightmare, Red Yaksha!".


		