

"A clone of that guy died half a year ago..."

"I killed it!"

This remark sounded like thunder on the ground to the ears of the three big men of Kuiba.

The big man Kuiba looked at Yuan Yutang with a calm expression in astonishment, and instinctively thought that the arrogant remarks of a child were not credible.

However, that anecdote is one of the most stained spots in Shanze Maharaja's life, and it is impossible for ordinary people to know about it, but that kid has something to say.

It immediately put him in a dilemma.

Fortunately, very people do very things.

Since you can't judge the authenticity, let's see the real chapter. @*~~

Thinking about it, the big man Kuiba grinned grimly and said to his two companions, "Don't make a move yet, let me try his weight!"

The glamorous woman and the cold green hair are noncommittal.

"Little devil, sometimes there is a price to pay for talking big~" The big man Kuiba strode forward, his momentum rising steadily, and the ubiquitous sense of terror and oppression reached another level.

Yuan Yutang nodded as if agreeing, "Indeed, I also hate those who can only talk big. If someone dares to play tricks in front of me, I will definitely knock him down."

"Then why aren't you playing tricks?" Quebec said tit for tat.

Yuan Yutang said with a relaxed smile, "Whether it is true or not, don't you know if you try it?"

"rational!"

Suddenly, the strong wind raged, the stone bricks were cracked, and the giant Kuiba suddenly rose from the ground twenty steps away from Yuan Yutang, and fell from the sky like a meteor falling fiercely.

When the evil guest approached, Yuan Yutang looked back with great interest at the backyard of the inn where the fierce battle was taking place.

Flipping his wrist, a green talisman appeared between his two fingers.

"Sumi world talisman, disease!"

While chanting the mantra, he hit the talisman towards the inn, and in an instant a curtain of light like a waterfall separated the inn.

The Sumeru World Talisman is a middle-level enchantment talisman, which integrates trapping, locking, and confusing enemies, and has a wide range of applications.

And the reason why he used the barrier to isolate the inn was naturally that he didn't want Monica to find out what happened next.

Temporarily solving his worries, Yuan Yutang instantly changed from an eight-year-old child to a tall young man in his twenties.

This is his true body shape before he crossed over, and with the help of the fetal transformation supernatural power, he finally became an adult again.

The glamorous woman and the gloomy young man on the other side of the street were all shocked by Yuan Yutang's supernatural power to transform people into living beings.

The big man Kuiba who had already launched the attack turned a blind eye, his mind was only thinking about how to kill the enemy, and his momentum did not weaken in the slightest.

Familiarizing himself with this body he had not seen for a long time, Yuan Yutang felt his blood boil, and punched hard with both fists in front of his chest, and immediately the punch spiraled from bottom to top.

The speed is so fast and the power is so fierce, it is unheard of to actually create a spiral air wave in an exaggerated way!

boom!

The low, muffled sound suddenly exploded, and a wave of air visible to the naked eye quickly spread, and the doors and windows of the surrounding houses were rattled.

The result of the confrontation was completely beyond the expectation of the two monsters who watched the battle.

The big man Kuiba, who is known for his brute force, volleyed down with his own weight, and it was a bit outrageous that he couldn't hold down the little ghost who turned into a young man.

"Hahaha, sure enough, I believe that you are the mystic sorcerer who killed Lord Shanze's avatar!"

The big man Kuiba, who was frustrated in the first battle, was not discouraged at all, and laughed wildly with fighting spirit to launch the second wave of offensive.

In an instant, the clumsy bear-like Kuiba disappeared into the air, turned into an afterimage, and walked around in circles at an incredible speed. Countless shadows of fists and feet were thrown out like splashing water.

Yuan Yutang chose to fight fast, all parts of his body turned into weapons in an instant, and he took every attack of the big man Kuiba without giving up an inch.

Bang bang bang bang bang!

The sound of violent collisions as dense as cold water splashing oil filled every corner of the street.

The glamorous woman and the gloomy young man's expressions changed in horror.

They are also generals under the command of Shanze Maharaja, of course they know how strong Kuiba is.

The big black-haired giant man Kuiba is a peak monster, known for his ghostly speed and incredible brute force, and even has a proud record of escaping his life under the hands of the immortal mountain god. .

The world's Shanze Dajun subdued him, and he is probably still nesting in his lair as the mountain king.

I didn't expect that the boy who could change shape would not be at a disadvantage against the big man Kuiba at all. I really can't imagine it.

In just a few breaths, Yuan Yutang fought against the big man Kuiba hundreds of times.

"Hahaha, I'm so happy, I haven't had such a good time in a long time!" The big man Kuiba is obviously a war-loving lunatic, the stronger the opponent, the more excited he is.

Yuan Yutang was as calm as water, but his punches were as fast as fire. This strong sense of contrast added a sense of mystery to him.

bump!

It was another head-to-head confrontation, with surging air waves and howling winds, the two of them were involuntarily shaken away by several feet, and collided with each other in an instant.

As soon as he was able to fight, the fanatical Kuiba big man tore off his tattered clothes, exposing his black hair, like a terrifying body made of fine steel, and punched Yuan Yutang violently.

Yuan Yutang paused in vain, changed his domineering fist posture before, and leaned back like a weak willow, avoiding this powerful punch with extreme skill.

Immediately afterwards, his two drooping arms clasped the arms of the big man Quebec who were as thick as an ordinary man's waist with lightning speed, and he moved forward with his strength.

huff~

Leveraging his strength and the terrifying weight of the big man Kuiba, under the double strength, the big man Kuiba was thrown flying like a cannonball, smashing through the wall of a tile house with a bang.

Seeing Kuiba's defeat, the glamorous woman and the gloomy young man couldn't sit still, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang at top speed.

Yuan Yutang did not take advantage of the victory to pursue after throwing the flying Kuiba big man, but closed his eyes and meditated abnormally, as if he was reminiscing the aftertaste of the battle just now.

The glamorous woman and the gloomy young man came one after the other.

The gloomy and cold young man is imposing, his thin and slender body is soft and boneless, and his movement is also in a strange zigzag shape, erratic, front and back, and when he is close, he rushes behind Yuan Yutang like a ghost, his limbs stretched like giants The python wrapped itself around Yuan Yutang like a tree. _o_m

The glamorous woman's body is like a pussy, but her attack is extremely fierce, her demonic aura is pervasive, and when she opens and closes, countless fists and guns weave into a net, covering Yuan Yutang awe-inspiringly.

When the ultimate move came, Yuan Yutang ignored it and let the two monsters do their own thing.

The gloomy young man locked Yuan Yutang with his hands and feet in an extremely awkward posture, and his whole body made a crackling sound like roasted beans. In the next moment, his spine suddenly energized. The bones are broken.

It goes without saying that this guy must be a snake!

Such a terrible entanglement, not to mention flesh and blood, even a small hill, will definitely be crushed alive.

At this time, the glamorous woman's fierce offensive also arrived as expected, and countless heavy punches that could split rocks and split gold fell on Yuan Yutang like raindrops, drowning him in an instant.

Bang bang bang bang bang!

cluck cluck cluck!

The sound of hitting and twisting overlapped.

However, at the next moment, the glamorous woman and the gloomy young man who had the upper hand let out strange howls of astonishment.

The glamorous woman looked at her broken pink fist in disbelief, the heavy blow that could smash the city wall, but it didn't bring Yuan Yutang any damage.

The gloomy young man also found that he was strong enough to crush the hills, but he couldn't shake Yuan Yutang at all.

"Uh~"

Yuan Yutang's lips parted slightly, and he moaned like a dream, as if he had just woken up from a dream.

"Have you played well?"

Under the horrified eyes of the two monsters, Yuan Yutang showed a sunny smile to the glamorous woman, and with a shake of luck, he easily shook the cold young man away.

"Now it's my turn!"

Take a step, the person moves with him, and the punch is like thunder, so fast that he can't react at all.

Tom!

The glamorous woman only felt that her lower abdomen was hit by a giant hammer, her whole body almost overlapped, and she flew upside down violently towards the end of the street.

Immediately afterwards, Yuan Yutang turned around instantly, his palms were like claws, and he grabbed the throat of the cold young man who couldn't retreat in time, his mighty magic power blocked his monster power in an instant, turned his elbows and pressed down, pinning him heavily to the ground.

bump!

The back of the gloomy young man's head came into close contact with the hard green brick ground, and a big crater was immediately smashed out, with a bang of seven holes bleeding out.


Yuan Yutang didn't hold back his hands this time, he bent his legs and raised his knees, and stamped his foot "lightly".

This kick seemed to have no fireworks, but it was actually extremely violent, and the air along the way was blown apart.

The dizzy and cold young man suddenly felt the threat of death, as if his bones were shifting at the very moment, he narrowly avoided the fatal kick.

However, before he could breathe a sigh of relief, Yuan Yutang suddenly changed his move, his big foot turned strangely in the air, and volleyed vigorously on the cold young man's chest.

Ge ~ Le ~

Amid the ear-piercing sound of bone shattering, the gloomy and cold young man was kicked by the rock-shattering kick to plow a gully on the ground, which was a full three feet long. When the castration was exhausted, almost half of the gloomy and cold young man was buried in the ground.

All this seems to be cumbersome, but in fact it just happened in the blink of an eye.

From the time Yuan Yutang blocked the inn with the Sumeru world talisman to defeating the three monsters in succession, the time it took was only about ten breaths.

Note that this time he did not use supernatural powers to crush, but actually defeated three monsters that should not be underestimated by relying on martial arts alone.

"Huh~"

Yuan Yutang frowned slightly, his eyes seemed a little confused, and there was a vague aura condensing on him, haunting him like a cage.

He lowered his head to look at his fist, released it, clenched it tightly, and after several consecutive cycles, his gaze was finally as clear as a spring, and with a wave of his hand, he easily dispelled the aura that troubled him like rebirth from a cocoon. _o_m

As time went by, Muay Thai, which he was most proud of in his previous life, could no longer keep up with him, so he has been thinking hard about how to improve his hand-to-hand combat skills.

Before that, he had collected a lot of local martial arts cheats by virtue of his strange technique of touching corpses. Although he was not a high-level martial arts, he could attack stones with jade from other mountains.

Taking ancient muay thai as the skeleton and filling it with other martial arts, it took several months of precipitation, hard thinking, improvement and integration.

Finally, after accumulating a lot, it will come to fruition today.

A brand new boxing technique that belongs to him has finally come to fruition! ! .


		