

Killing and setting fire to the golden belt, repairing bridges and repairing roads without corpses.

This is the core idea of ​​the 'ghost comprador, the organization.

The scum among these people has long been able to speak of conscience, as long as the interests are sufficient, they can sell anything that can be sold without hesitation, and the same is true for parents, wives and children.

Like the notorious demon hunters in the Northeast Dao, everyone shouted and beat them, "ghost compradors, in the Righteous Dao, are the existences that everyone can get and punish."

but!

This conscienceless organization has been repeatedly suppressed by the righteous way and has survived to this day. Naturally, it has its special features.

Taking profit as the highest pursuit, the only thing they can rely on when they are isolated and helpless is their strength that is too strong to ignore!

And Jiaotou is one of the best.

Yuan Yutang, who successfully rescued Baiyun, appeared on a mountain not far away, with a very ugly expression on his face.

Ever since he knew that there was a ghost comprador behind the Xinglin County Rentou Jingguan incident, Yuan Yutang had a vague premonition that he would definitely get entangled with him in the future.

In line with the principle of knowing yourself and the enemy, and winning a hundred battles, I deliberately made up some information about the 'ghost comprador'.

However, he never expected that he had been targeted by the 'ghost comprador' long ago, and the arrest warrant was jointly issued by the three ghost kings of the underworld, and the one in charge of executing it was the 'cloaked ghost', one of the three horned heads.

Hearing that the cloaked man revealed his identity, his heart sank to the bottom of the valley.

Cloaked ghost Jianshou has a mysterious origin and unknown legal system. Over the years, he has committed horrific murders in various places, but he has always been at large, which shows how powerful this person is.

Being targeted by such a terrifying figure is simply a nightmare.

Now that the nightmare is happening in reality, especially in the dangerous Lanruo Temple monster spirit enchantment, Yuan Yutang immediately feels extremely headache.

Gui Jian said with a sad smile, "It seems that you know my identity, and you must also know my style of vengeance? If so, why did you do it in the first place? Offending me is the biggest mistake of your life!"

Yuan Yutang bit the bullet and said disdainfully, "Bah, you are a mere street rat who dare not see the light, who gave you the courage to speak out here?"

"Damn it! You're still stubborn when you're about to die, die for me!"

Gui Jianchou, who had been on the verge of rage for a long time, was on fire like a powder keg, waving his large cloak furiously.

In an instant, countless ghosts swept out of it, the dark wind raged, and ghosts cried and howled, just like a ghostly underworld descending on the world.

Yuan Yutang remained calm on the surface, but inwardly he broke out in a cold sweat.

All because there are thousands of ghosts driven by ghosts, and without exception, all of them are fierce ghosts of the level of ghosts.

Such a huge battle, not to mention Yuan Yutang, even a master at the Wangchuanhe level of the Third Realm of Human Immortals may not dare to beat him.

As expected, he is indeed a famous murderer in the evil way.

I don't know where he collected so many ghosts, it's just incredible.

Facing the extreme threat of life and death, Yuan Yutang instinctively wanted to run away.

But when he thought of Bai Yun being seriously injured and dying, if any accident happened in a hasty escape, it might lead to irreversible consequences.

Forget it, there is no shame in dying for a brother.

No matter what, you must not take half a step back!

After making up his mind, Yuan Yutang's hesitant eyes suddenly converged, he gritted his teeth, and quickly took out an ancient cross with exquisite shape and shining silver light from his arms.

With his hands raised above his head, like a pious believer, Yuan Yutang closed his eyes and sang loudly:

"By the command of the Lord, purify the evil spirits in the world, Amen!"

Gui Jianchou, who was originally planning to enjoy Yuan Yutang being divided into corpses by thousands of ghosts in a playful mood, is waiting for a good show to be staged.

But since Yuan Yutang took out that simple cross, he suddenly felt a burst of heart palpitations, like a mouse touching a cat, and he felt frightened from the bottom of his heart.

With experience, he immediately judged that the simple and simple cross is definitely a powerful magic weapon to restrain the ghosts.

Thousands of fierce ghosts rule the world

The capital, in any case can not be lost.

So he reacted quickly, and shouted fiercely before Yuan Yutang chanted the formula:

"Ichimumin, kill the enemy!"

The giant Yimumin, who was waiting to be summoned, started the moment he received the order. It seemed clumsy and slow, but with its height and long legs, it covered nearly half a mile in one step, and blocked Qiangui first.

It was too late to say it, but as soon as Yuan Yutang finished speaking, endless holy and pure white light radiated from the sky and the earth.

The light is solemn, pure and majestic, with an inviolable aura, spreading in all directions like a destructive force.

"Roar!"

As if feeling a deadly threat, Yimumin's rock-covered face suddenly let out a roar like thunder, and then the rock layer shattered, revealing a huge vertical eye, and a ray of light as thick as a mountain suddenly exploded, hitting The holy white light rushing towards the face.

Boom, boom~

The tip of the needle is facing the wheat awning, and in an instant the two powerful strong lights collide with each other head-on, shaking the mountains instantly, changing the color of the sky and the earth, and turning all the trees and hills within a radius of ten miles into dust, the situation is extremely horrifying.

Yuan Yutang's body tensed up suddenly. He didn't expect Gui Jianchou to react so quickly, he immediately counterattacked when he sensed something was wrong, and he didn't expect that the ancient alien Yimumin's celestial eyesight could be so overbearing, and he could face the purification of the Holy Artifact Bright Cross Light to contend with.

Now that the two supernatural powers are at a stalemate, it is already difficult for Yuan Yutang to ride a tiger.

Whoever withdraws first will surely die without a place to bury him.

That being the case, then fight!

Yuan Yutang's heart was ruthless, he gritted his teeth and poured mana into the cross of light like desperately.

The depressed Yimumin felt the pressure and frantically increased his output. In a short period of time, neither side could see which was better.

The ghost in the distance had his heart beating wildly, and he still feels dizzy until now.

Fortunately, I dispatched the Mumin carefully, otherwise, under the destructive holy light, I am afraid that most of the thousand-headed ghosts I have collected through painstaking efforts will be lost.

No, that kid is too dangerous, don't give him another chance!

In an instant, the ghost made a judgment, and in the next instant his cloak was lifted suddenly, and the back of his body was covered with terrifying huge sarcoma, each of which was wriggling all the time, as if something was inside at any time. Prepare to break out.

Gui Jianshou squeezed the Fa Jue with his hands, and screamed in pain, "The Ten Demons of the Netherworld listen to my orders and kill the enemy quickly!"

Puchi, puchi!

The tooth-piercing sound of flesh cracking rang out one after another, and amidst Gui Jian's heart-wrenching roar, densely packed sarcoids burst one after another, and seven or eight black shadows rushed forward amidst the flying flesh and blood, disappearing instantly.

After explaining the Fa, Gui Jianchou seemed to be hollowed out, and could no longer maintain the posture of flying in the air. He landed softly from the air, sat on the ground panting, and didn't care about his bloody back.

"Quack quack, I don't believe it, you're still alive this time?"

After finishing speaking, he raised his head and looked expectantly at the fierce fighting scene in the distance.

Yuan Yutang and Yimumin both tried their best, but they insisted that they were in the same place. No one could do anything to the other, and they couldn't help feeling like a fire.

Seeing that the battle situation was going to be deadlocked without limit, a group of black figures suddenly appeared out of thin air, breaking the deadlock.

Yuan Yutang, who was concentrating on fighting Yimumin, was shocked when those black shadows appeared in front of him without warning, and passed him by in an instant before he could react.

The next moment, the purification light of the Guangming Cross immediately lost control, and was immediately suppressed by Yimumin's celestial eyesight, and suddenly there was an earth-shattering huge explosion.

Boom~~

The terrifying gale blows away at an extremely fast speed, pushes mountains when it meets mountains, fills lakes when it meets lakes, and everything in its way is razed to the ground.

The exhausted Gui Jianchou was caught off guard by the strong wind and flew several miles away, and he tried his best to stabilize his figure.

He gasped for a few breaths with lingering fear in his heart, before he dared to probe to check the situation.

"Hiss~"

Gui Jianchou took a long breath, almost

Can't believe what I see.

I saw a huge deep pit appearing out of thin air seven or eight miles away, and the thick smoke almost covered the sky. Although the huge mountain-like giant Yimumin won the final victory, he was now sitting on a mountain sluggishly due to excessive consumption.

The most distressing thing for ghosts is that even with the protection of Mumin, the thousands of ghosts still suffered heavy losses in such a terrifying confrontation. More than 300 ghosts were torn to pieces. All of them have been traumatized at least, and I don't know how long it will take to cultivate to restore their peak.

This scene made Gui Jianchou gnash his teeth and couldn't help punching the ground.

Looking up again, the mountain where Yuan Yutang was before has long since disappeared, only a solitary figure slowly falling from the sky.

Gui Jianchou quickly got up his spirits and focused his eyes on it.

Isn't that hateful handsome face the one Yuan Yutang he hates the most?

Seeing Yuan Yutang's eyes were empty and gray, and his body was falling freely without life, Gui Jianchou immediately felt like eating iced watermelon in the dog days.

It's just that before he was happy for too long, the next scene almost made him lose his eyeballs in shock.

With a bang, Yuan Yutang shattered like porcelain under Gui Jianchou's astonished eyes.

No, it should be said that a talisman was smashed to pieces.

"Damn it, it's another Golden Cicada Shelling Talisman! How could that kid have so many Golden Cicada Shelling Talismans!" Gui Jianchou roared like an angry bull.

Yuan Yutang and Bai Yun hid in a remote small mountain a few miles away from the battlefield just now.

Recalling the horrible scene of life and death just now, he can't help breaking out in cold sweat as he is as bold as he is.

Fortunately, he was prepared in advance for a possible sneak attack by Gui Jianchou, and secretly activated the last Golden Cicada Escape Shell Talisman.

Otherwise, he would have died just now.

The huge demon spirit enchantment is the territory of the tree demon's grandmother, so he couldn't believe that she didn't know about all the movements just now.

So the monsters in the enchantment are either already coveting secretly, or they are on their way.

The longer the time dragged on, the worse it would be for him and Bai Yun.

Originally, he planned to fight to the end to destroy the conspiracy of the group of monsters to hold the ritual of encountering demons.

But not now.

He can take risks, but Bai Yun is absolutely not allowed to take risks.

For Baiyun, he wanted to use a hole card that he was unwilling to use.

With a heavy heart, Yuan Yutang took out a palm-sized delicate bone shrine from his bosom, held the bone shrine in one hand, and squeezed the spell with the other, and shouted sharply:

"Frightened by the power of heaven and the darkness of the nine evil spirits, I command in the name of the Shrine of the Remains of the Hundred Immortals, all the immortals in the world, hurry up and wait for orders in front of my Dharma frame altar, as urgently as the order of the Sanqing Daoist!!"


		