

Puppet theater has a long history, and today it has divided into countless genres. It is difficult for ordinary people to see the truth from the appearance of puppets.

But Wu Gang is different.

He has been dealing with puppets for more than half of his life since he was seven years old when he learned art from a teacher. He can roughly distinguish the genre of any puppet if he takes a look at it, and he can even recognize the skilled puppet maker from some details. .

But it was precisely because of this that he was so terrified that he couldn't extricate himself.

Every puppet maker has something to pursue, so he will have a sense of pride that outsiders cannot understand when dealing with the puppets made by himself, so he will subconsciously leave his own brand in some subtleties.

Liang Ping, who was asked to be beheaded, was a master puppet-maker, and every puppet he made would leave a subtle triangular mark under the corner of his left eye.

Wu Gang, who has dealt with him for a long time, knows this very well.

The appearance of the person in front of him is 90% like Liang Ping himself, and there is a unique brand under the corner of his left eye, all of which show his identity——

This is clearly a puppet made by Liang Ping himself!

how is this possible?

The house of Liang Ping, who committed the catastrophe, had been sealed off by the yamen long ago, and all the objects related to the case were confiscated. Moreover, every puppet in the warehouse was purchased and accepted by Wu Gang himself. Such a new puppet.

Swallowing his saliva with difficulty, the alcohol in Wu Gang's body was expelled with sweat due to the excessive fright, and he was sweating profusely in an instant.

Waves of extreme fear surged in my heart.

Could it be...

Did this puppet come here by itself?

Although Wu Gang was very unwilling to believe this absurd fact, he suddenly thought of another even more absurd rumor.

It is rumored that the place where the puppet was born was not meant to entertain the public, but a sacrifice involving mysterious burial, so many people think that the puppet is evil.

Later, at some point, there was a legend among the puppet makers.

Legend has it that human beings were created by gods. If someone can create a puppet that is comparable to a living person, they will gather gods and be recognized by the heavens. Ascension and transcendence are no longer a dream.

However, man is the spirit of all things, let alone an ordinary puppet maker, even if he is a god-like land god, it is impossible to create a creature that is comparable to a human race out of nothing.

So this legend has always been used as a talking point at the wine table, and no one will take it seriously.

but!

One person has one hundred kinds of people, I call it absurd, and he calls it an oracle.

In many cases, the reality is even more absurd than the script, and there are many nonsense that ordinary people sneer at, and it is hard to guarantee that some people will not take it seriously.

From Liang Ping, who has always been kind to others, went crazy and killed all his wife and children to make puppets, to Yu Mansion where seven people turned into puppets bizarrely overnight.

Wu Gang dared to guarantee with his life that Liang Ping was obsessed with listening to the absurd legend, and he might turn into a ghost...

Now the ghost is stalking him! !

Thinking of this, Wu Gang couldn't help but feel heartbroken.

In the silence of the late night, being stared at by a puppet that looks like a ghost with a stiff smiling face and empty gray eyes, it's scary no matter how you think.

Wu Gang wanted to run, but he didn't dare to move, for fear of angering the ghost, but he was unwilling to sit still, after repeated torment, he wished he could find a hole to get in.

No, I don't want to become a puppet~

There is no grievance or enmity in ordinary times, why do you pester me?

Help, who can help me? ?

bang bang bang!

The violent beating heartbeat sounded as clear as a drum, and after struggling for a long time, Wu Gang's desire to survive finally suppressed his fear, summoned up all his courage, turned around and ran away at an unprecedented speed in his life.

Almost as soon as he turned around, he suddenly heard the sound of the wooden frame collapsing.

Boom!

run! ! !

Wu Gang rushed towards the door of the warehouse recklessly. The aisle that usually only takes a few steps to get out has become extremely long in his heart at this moment.

call out!

A shrill piercing sound suddenly sounded from behind.

Wu Gang instinctively rushed forward, narrowly dodging the terrifying attack.

It's just that the door in front of it suffered a disaster, and it was instantly torn apart.

Among the sawdust splashing like rain, Wu Gang looked up in horror and almost fainted.

The assailant was obviously a puppet of a haunted ghost.

The puppet stared straight at Wu Gang, who was stupefied, with its empty gray eyes, and raised the corners of its mouth, outlining a sinister and sly smile. Dementor sound:

"Wu... class leader... look... my new puppet... are you satisfied??"

Wu Gang was out of his wits, and hurriedly showed a smile uglier than crying and echoed, "Satisfied, satisfied, too satisfied, your new work is shocking, it can be called the greatest work in the history of the puppet world, there is no one!"

The puppet nodded with a half-smile.

Wu Gang thought that his expedient plan worked, and his life was not in danger for the time being, so he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Unexpectedly, the puppet's next sentence made him feel like being struck by five thunders.

"Since...you recognize my craftsmanship...then let's live forever together...as long as you give up your flesh and blood...we can live forever in the world as puppets...Why don't you...have fun??"

"Heh...hehe..." Wu Gang seemed to be naked in the wild in the cold winter months, wrapped in a strong chill from the inside out, as if his soul was going to freeze, and he was completely speechless.

Slap!

With a stiff smile, the puppet slowly approached.

Every time it took a step closer, Wu Gang took a step back in a panic.

However, the aisle space is limited after all, and Wu Gang soon had no way to retreat.

Seeing that he was about to be turned into a human puppet by the ghost, Wu Gang finally broke down, wailed loudly, knelt down and begged for mercy, "Master Liang, please let me go~ There is an eighty-year-old mother on the villain, come down!" With a seven-year-old child, I really can't die~"

The puppet was startled when he heard the words, and stopped.

Wu Gang was overjoyed, thinking that the puppet's pity had been aroused, and he was about to step up his horsepower and continue begging for mercy.

But the next moment.

"Does Squad Master Wu have so many worries...it's easy to handle..."

Wu Gang smiled happily and was about to express his thanks, but the puppet's next words made him fall from heaven to abyss.

"...Let me make your family members into puppets too...so you can be with your family forever...wouldn't it be the best of both worlds??"

Wu Gang's expression froze on his face, and he was speechless for a while.

He figured it out, this ghost thing was determined to kill him.

That being the case, begging for mercy will not work.

Then fight!

Once a person has the will to die, it is easy to forget fear, evil comes from the gut, and an unknown fire suddenly rises.

"Evil ghost, I will fight with you!"

Wu Gang picked up a wooden awl casually and pierced the puppet with all his strength.

Hearing a bang, Wu Gang screamed and let go of the wooden awl, clutching his deformed wrist and howling, the fear that had just faded from his eyes returned again.

This, this damn thing is as hard as iron?

"... Hehe... It seems that Bantou Wu doesn't want to join me... It's a pity... I thought Bantou Wu was a like-minded friend... I didn't expect to be a layman after all..."

"...That's all...you are not worthy to walk side by side with me...I will erase your sanity...be an ignorant puppet for the rest of your life..."

As he said that, the puppet opened his hands and rushed towards Wu Gang.

Wu Gang's dead soul was all gone, and he hurriedly rolled aside.

Unexpectedly, the next moment, he felt a lightness in his body, and hurriedly looked over his left shoulder, so that none of them fainted.

His left arm was evenly removed from the shoulder, and the strangest thing was that there was no blood on the wound, but instead showed a woody texture soaked in tung oil.

like...

Like a puppet's detachable limbs...

Wu Gang was startled and frightened, his eyes curled up in panic, and he repeatedly begged the puppet to let him go.

It's a pity that the puppet has lost its humanity, and it's like flying with a stiff expression.

Click, click, click! !

In just a short moment, Wu Gang was brutally removed from his limbs by the puppet. Although he was painless and insensitive, the extremely stimulating and terrifying vision was enough to break his nerves.

Wu Gang, who lost his limbs and was like a human stick, had his voice broken, and he kept wriggling his body to survive.

"...don't worry...it won't hurt...soon...you will be able to forget all your troubles...be at ease and be a carefree puppet..."

After saying that, he was about to reach out and pick off Wu Gang's head.

"Ahhh~"

When the shadow of death struck, Wu Gang cried out in dismay, "Please forgive me~"

It was too late to say it, and Wu Gang was about to die on the spot.

Suddenly, there was a shock in the air, followed by thunder and roar.

"Bold ghosts, dare to harm living beings, eat the old man's sword!"

boom~

Suddenly, the ground suddenly trembled, the bluestone brick floor suddenly cracked, and an earthen pillar sword embryo as thick as a house beam rose from the ground, unstoppably hitting the puppet.

There was only a crisp sound, and the puppet was knocked out of the roof.

Wu Gang was panting violently, and his whole body was drenched in cold sweat, as if he had walked through the gate of hell, just now he really thought he was going to die.

Unexpectedly, at the critical moment, an expert would help to save his life. It was extremely thrilling.

But when he thought about being detached from his limbs, he would be a waste that would be worse than death for the rest of his life. For a moment, he couldn't help but feel sad and burst into tears.

"Stop howling, you just fell under that ghost's sorcery, after the old man kills you, I will naturally have a way to help you get your limbs back!"

These words sounded like the sound of nature to my ears, Wu Gang watched with tears in his eyes, and saw a middle-aged man who was as thin as a monkey appearing in front of him at some point.

"Master, is this really true?" Wu Gang tearfully wanted to prove it, but unfortunately the middle-aged monkey-faced man ignored him.

Because the puppet that had just been lifted up quietly appeared at the door, staring at the two people in the room.

"...I smell mana fluctuations from you...smelly Taoist priest...you want to stop me?"

The monkey-faced middle-aged man was furious, "The old man holds up the sky... Jingshanzong enshrines Sun Yi, how can you allow filthy things like you to ignore human lives!"

"You still dare to speak wild words, look at the sword!"

As soon as the words fell, the sword qi was all over the place!

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 41 Ghost Puppet is free to read.




		