

Yin and Yang have definite numbers, and when they flourish, they decline, and when they decline, they flourish. This is the cycle of heaven.

When a feudal dynasty reaches its peak, it will inevitably decline. This is a vicious circle that all dynasties cannot escape.

Great Xia, the ancient empire that once shook the world and ruled the mainland of China for more than 330 years, was finally exhausted.

Whether it's the east where the sun rises, the west where the sun sets, or the northern wilderness where the ice and snow are, or the southern country where the seasons are like spring, Tianma City, the former imperial capital that looked down on the world, no longer has the supreme deterrent power to it.

War, poverty, rebellion, disease, famine, and death have become the main colors of this glorious continent.

But there are still three catties of nails in the rotten boat, and the emaciated camel is always bigger than the horse.

Before this great and declining country is completely disintegrated, it still has a certain deterrent power.

And the local officials who are alienated from the imperial court but represent the face of the imperial court are the last fig leaf of the imperial court.

No matter what the reason is, if any local official is killed without mercy, that dirty and smelly fig leaf will undoubtedly be torn off mercilessly.

At that time, there will be countless troubles, and you may even become a public enemy that everyone shouts and beats.

Yuan Yutang does not allow anyone to collude with demons to murder their companions.

Therefore, it is destined that he will either not kill them during this trip, or kill them all, leaving no one alive.

It's also fortunate that Di's mansion is used to taking advantage of the common people and is arrogant and domineering.

In order to create a high authority, the residents in a radius of nearly half a mile were either lured to usurious profits or violently expelled. Anyway, except for the Di Mansion, there was no half a household in the surrounding area.

This also greatly facilitated Yuan Yutang's killing and silence.

It was dark, it was raining, and there was no one in the middle of it. The Di Mansion, which was left alone in the world, was like a lonely island in the stormy waves, and they were also unlucky.

He went to the door openly and killed the domineering middle-aged steward, until his head shot up into the sky, blood spattered three feet, and the servants near the door hadn't fully reacted.

"Gululu~"

Yuan Yutang's already restless blood seemed to be activated by the smell of blood again. He took another swig of wine with his cheeks flushed, kicked the dead body of the middle-aged steward into the door, and closed it like no one else was there. The magnificent door with red lacquer riveting.

bang!

It wasn't until the sound of the door bolt falling that the astonished servants woke up like a dream.

It was as if the harmless sheep transformed into a wolf with claws and claws in an instant. There was no stagnation in the middle. In an instant, the sweaty servants picked up any objects that could be used as weapons, and none of them escaped. They rushed towards Yuan Yutang ferociously. past.

How can servants who are used to being domineering by relying on the authority of the deputy chief minister swallow the villains who were beaten to kill their own people.

At this moment, they have only one idea in their minds.

Kill that brat! !

Facing the servants attacking like a pack of wolves, Yuan Yutang staggered and hiccupped, opened his sleepy drunken eyes, smiled ferociously, and immediately rushed out instead of retreating.

The loud sound of rain covered up the heart-piercing screams, and the blood was washed away by the cold rain before it coagulated.

In less than half a stick of incense, the courtyard was full of dead bodies, and the puddles on the ground were dyed red, which was extremely shocking.

Yuan Yutang stood erect in the middle of the pool of blood, exhaled lightly, then raised his head and took a big gulp of wine. The killing not only failed to quell the unknown fire in his chest, but showed signs of intensifying.

Silently looking around at the corpses of the servants who had died without guilt, he staggered towards the back hall while drinking.

The wind was howling, and the rain was beating on the bead curtains. Yuan Yutang drank and walked wantonly in a corridor of the compound. Two sturdy guards carrying lanterns came out at the corner to watch the night.

Suddenly seeing a stranger appearing, the two guards were instinctively taken aback, one drew a knife and stepped forward, and the other touched the copper whistle hanging on his waist, ready to blow the whistle to warn.

Just hearing the sound of brushing, Yuan Yutang, who was seven or eight meters away from them, came to them with a stride, twisted his waist and turned around, and a long strong leg hit them with a heart-piercing sound of knives and axes.

superior.

After a crisp sound of broken bones, two more dead souls were added to Di's mansion, and the two big men were twisted and limp on the ground like mud, without any breath.

Yuan Yutang seemed a little fuzzy, and continued to move forward with a shaky figure.

Passing through the corridor, Yuan Yutang saw a brightly lit building in front of him. Even the heavy rain could not hide the melodious sound of silk and bamboo instruments coming from the room.

Lying in front of the translucent glazed window lattice, Yuan Yutang saw about thirty or forty people in the room having a carnival, and many aristocrats dressed as scholars with bare breasts and backs, sprinting back and forth with blushing faces, drinking heavily. From time to time, I took out the neti pot and poured some white powder into the nasal cavity.

There are also some middle-aged nobles who are not too old, lazily lying on the Arhat bed, smoking opium while being served by servants.

There are even more rebellious people who ignore the etiquette and actually drag the beautiful maids to do that mediocre thing in front of the public.

The scene was like dancing wildly, it was extremely unsightly!

Yuan Yutang, who was peeping out of the window, grinned silently.

The common people are living in dire straits, and instead of serving the country, these nobles and gentlemen who suck up the people's fat and people's ointment are not only not thinking of serving the country, but enjoying themselves.

Sneering and pushing the door open, the people who were indulging in the blissful illusion didn't realize that there was an uninvited guest entering, but the servant closest to the door was the first to notice something unusual and was about to step forward and scold him.

But before the boy could make a sound, Yuan Yutang held up the altar to drink with his left hand, and with five fingers of his right hand stretched out like lightning, grabbing around suddenly, the boy's throat was opened, and warm blood sprayed from the opening. until he fell to the ground, the boy didn't have time to make a sound.

After successively beating and killing several servants who saw the situation was not good and tried to warn them, the nobles have not yet noticed that the shadow of death has quietly descended.

After closing the door casually, Yuan Yutang staggered towards the crowd.


A moment later, the luxuriously decorated house looked like a bloody slaughterhouse, with all kinds of precious calligraphy, painting and jade wares thrown away like garbage, and all kinds of expensive furniture were destroyed in all directions.

The ground was littered with corpses in various forms of death.

Yuan Yutang was the only living person left in the room.

Yuan Yutang sat on an arhat bed that was half stained red with blood, lifted the corpse with a face full of fear beside him to the ground, picked up the grape wine brought from the Western Regions on the small case table, and looked up. The head is a heavy pour.

"Hahaha, wine is good wine, but people are beasts. Killing a litter of beasts is a pleasure!"

Yuan Yutang, who was half-drunk and half-awake, could only feel the pride in his chest, and couldn't help but slammed down the empty wine bottle, looking up to the sky and screaming.

At this time, the half-closed door was pushed open, and a handsome scholar with red lips and white teeth in disheveled clothes hugged a beautiful female companion, and swaggered in while teasing.

Only when he dared to look up, he was frightened silly by the terrifying scene in the room.

Grinning for a while, he yelled loudly:

"Ah, hurry up, there are assassins~"

This roar broke the tranquility of Di Mansion, and soon hundreds of sturdy soldiers with weapons surrounded the place heavily.

Yuan Yutang turned a blind eye to this and continued to drink and drink by himself.


		