

"On July 18th, forty-seven disciples of the Three-Star Temple in Gunzhou were invited to Lanruo Temple to eliminate demons. So far, there has been no news from all of them."

"On July 24, thirty-five monks from Lingdong Temple in Luzhou disappeared collectively from Lanruo Temple."

"On July 29th, eighty-seven sword cultivators from Zhenling Mountain, a major sect of sword cultivators in Feizhou, were ordered to rescue colleagues from the fallen Lanruo Temple. No one has escaped so far."

"August 8th, one hundred and fifty talisman masters from the Shenfu Pavilion in Haozhou went deep into Lanruo Temple, and all of them evaporated."

"So far, almost half of the famous sects in Shannan Road have been lost..."

Li Chunyi put down the top-secret mansion report inside Zhenmagic Division with a heavy face, gritted his teeth and roared, "Such a strange situation, without even thinking about it, someone must have set up traps in Lanruo Temple, specifically targeting the warlocks in Shannan Road! These people who have forgotten their ancestors You beast, for the sake of profit, you don't hesitate to collude with monsters, and even a thousand cuts can't vent the hatred in my heart!"

Yuan Yutang laughed silently when he heard the words, and did not make any remarks.

Since ancient times, greed has been the greatest evil of human beings. People who take risks for profit are like crucian carp in the river, and he has long seen it.

Especially in the chaotic world where rituals and music are collapsing, as long as the rewards are generous, let alone accepting a demon as a father, there are even some scum who personally present their parents for the enjoyment of demons.

Getting angry about this kind of thing is undoubtedly making life difficult for yourself.

After all, Li Chunyi is not a mortal, so he quickly figured it out, and said dejectedly, "I will sacrifice my life to fight against the demons for the purpose of keeping one side safe. I didn't expect that those who hide behind and enjoy the stability are ungrateful. Instead, he stabbed him in the back.

In this way, what is the meaning of the sacrifice of our generation of martyrs? "

Yan Chixia, who was on the side, laughed in awe, and poured a cup of hot tea for Li Chunyi herself, and said with a calm smile, "We slay demons and demons to have a clear conscience, not to gain applause and gratitude, and you can't do it because of a handful The scum of my generation completely negates the meaning of our struggle.”

With a wry smile, Li Chunyi raised his glass and drank it down. He put the empty cup heavily on the coffee table, and said in a depressed voice, "I understand the truth, but there is a hurdle in my heart that I can't get over, so I can't calm down."

"Why are you talking so much? If you have so much free time here to complain about others, it's better to find out the mastermind behind the collusion with the demons and kill them quickly." Yuan Yutang smiled to himself.

"Hey~" Li Chunyi sighed when he heard the words, "Isn't that person obvious? The four missing sects were all entrusted by the Deputy Chief Minister Di Shizun to enter Lanruo Temple to save people."

"Then kill him and avenge your innocent colleagues." Yuan Yutang said indifferently with a murderous look.

Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi looked at each other with wry smiles, and then said helplessly, "We also want to kill the culprit behind it, but it's a pity that the deputy chief minister of one party is a high-ranking official of the imperial court, so how can we kill him so easily."

Yuan Yutang chuckled and stopped talking.

Yan Chixia and Yan Chixia jumped up solemnly, and warned solemnly, "Brother, in the past, you didn't care how you messed around as a brother, but this matter is not trivial, you must not mess around and kill the court officials innocently." , that is the same crime as treason, you must not mistake yourself!"

Yuan Yutang disdainfully retorted, "Now the world is in ruins, women are in power, bandits are everywhere, warlords are divided, and the court? It has long existed in name only! Facing evil things, if you have the ability but don't stop them in time, wouldn't it be the same as helping the evildoers?"

"The reason why people can be called human is because of their inner moral values. If they don't even have this most basic inner value, how is their behavior different from that of animals?"

"Anyway, I'm leaving my words here, I'm going to take that old dog's head of Di Shizun!"

"If you still want to continue to play the role of loyal minister Ryoko, then you might as well stop me!"

"Fuck the overall situation is the most important thing!"

The more he talked, the more angry Yuan Yutang overturned the table and walked away.

Yan Chixia and Li Chun were left looking at each other, smiling wryly without words.

Now there is a wave of unrest and another wave, the crisis of strange demons is still unclear, and such a terrible thing has happened, it's really a f*cking unlucky time.


Three days later, there was a torrential downpour in Gunzhou.

rain.

For Shannan Road, which has always been dry, such heavy rain is extremely rare.

The city of Zhou has almost turned into a swamp country, with all kinds of household garbage floating in knee-high puddles, which is extremely disgusting.

Rich and powerful families can order their servants to dig out water to keep them dry, while ordinary people without power and power can only endure the suffering of damp and cold.

Night fell, but the rain did not abate.

Lanterns were hung high in the Di mansion, the gate of the mansion was open, and dozens of servants were shirtlessly digging water in the puddle.

The busy servants didn't notice at all that there were two fierce eyes staring at them in the dark alley opposite.

Yuan Yutang was wearing a bamboo hat and coir raincoat, holding a jar of unsealed wine in his hand, he suddenly lifted it up and took a swig.

The turbid low-quality wine entered his throat like a knife and burned in his chest. Yuan Yutang felt a flame rolling in his heart, and he couldn't spit it out.

It stands to reason that those Shannan Taoist warlocks who were murdered had never met him before, so it was not worth his fanfare to help revenge at all.

It's just that Yuan Yutang only has his own set of rules.

The human race is all blood, even if they close the door and beat them to death, or even beat them out of a dog's brain, he is too lazy to take care of them.

But if someone dares to collude with monsters to harm their own people, that is a heinous capital crime!

As long as he meets him, no one will be let go!

Perhaps it is possible that Di Shizun did such a rebellious evil thing because his only son fell into the enemy's hands and was forced by the enemy.

But no matter how excusable, it is not enough to cover up his fault.

If you are wrong, you should be punished!

Yuan Yutang is really tired of this chaotic world where the people are destitute and have no fixed place to live!

At the same time, I also miss the quiet and peaceful country in my previous life, where the country is prosperous and the people are peaceful.

Now kill the dog official first, and when his realm has improved, he will definitely commit suicide and enter the capital himself, and personally smash that thousand-year-old centipede that has harmed the country and the people to pieces!

For this, he will die!

Gently letting out a mouthful of turbid air, Yuan Yutang strode towards Di's mansion with the wine jar in his hands.

A middle-aged supervisor in brocade clothes standing on the threshold with his hips akimbo saw Yuan Yutang walking towards him ostentatiously, frowned and scolded angrily.

"Who are you! This is the residence of Lord Di, the deputy chief minister, how can you and such a lowly mud-legged person approach you! Get back quickly, or you will be severely punished!"

Yuan Yutang smiled, but his footsteps did not hesitate at all.

Seeing that he didn't listen to the advice, the middle-aged manager immediately became angry from embarrassment, trotted forward, raised his hand and slapped Yuan Yutang heavily on the face.

However, the next moment, the blood burst out.

A good man's head was thrown into the air.

The middle-aged manager couldn't believe it when he was about to die, but someone dared to kill people in front of Di's mansion.


		