

Three days later, the nameless barren hill outside Taizhou city.

Yuan Yutang came to the appointment with snowflakes the size of goose feathers covering the sky.

After arriving, it was discovered that the person who had made an appointment had arrived earlier than him.

I saw that the entire area of ​​the barren hill seemed to be covered by an invisible barrier, and the outside world was completely isolated from the wind and snow.

If there is such a fairy writer, it is naturally Huang Qisu who is a member of the fairy family.

As soon as Yuan Yutang arrived at the foot of the barren hill, he saw flowers in full bloom and trees and vines paving the road, just like a scene in a dream.

Knowing that Huang Qisu's grand occasion was for Shen Tongzi's information, Yuan Yutang still felt very useful.

"Daoist Yuan has worked hard. I specially prepared some meager food and wine to reward the Taoist priest. I hope you don't want to dislike it."

An untimely table appeared on the barren hill, filled with sumptuous dishes, surrounded by seven or eight fair-skinned and beautiful maids with low eyebrows, Huang Qisu stood up from a long way to greet her.

"Wuliang Tianzun, Mr. Huang treats each other with great courtesy, which really frightens the poor." Yuan Yutang smiled knowingly, knowing that this guy must be waiting in a hurry, so he took his seat after a few words of greeting.

I don't know what kind of materials are used for the wine and meat on the table, but there is a faint flash of inspiration, which shows that it is absolutely extraordinary.

Although he has a special constitution and cannot absorb spiritual energy by himself, these dishes are delicious in color, fragrance and taste, which makes Yuan Yutang move his index finger, and he is not polite, so he can eat with chopsticks.

Huang Qisu was not rude enough to rush to ask the guests before they were full, and cheerfully accompanied the wine and food with an impeccable posture.

After eating and drinking, Huang Qisu waved his hand, and the well-behaved maids disappeared into a puff of smoke, and the mess on the table was replaced by a small stove with a wine cup hanging on it.

"Hehe, Taoist priests have been working hard these days. I don't have anything, so I can only use some monkey brew to express my heart." Huang Qisu poured Yuan Yutang a glass of warm wine with a natural expression.

Yuan Yutang was quite surprised, he picked up the wine glass and looked at it carefully, "Mr. Huang, this is the spirit of Zhong Tiandi, a rare wine made from the essence of all kinds of fruits and trees?"

Huang Qisu smiled modestly and said, "Small care is not a respect."

After raising his head and gulping it down, Yuan Yutang only felt a hot current rising from his abdomen, instantly spreading to his limbs and bones, as if soaked in warmth, he was so comfortable that he almost cried out.

After careful recollection, Yuan Yutang sighed, "It is worthy of being listed as one of the top ten rare wines that monks must drink in their lifetime. If Fei Pindao's skills are unique, his cultivation must be greatly improved."

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Hehe, the Taoist priest is humble. In today's Northeast Dao practice world, no one knows that Yuan Yuji, the head of the Jingshan Sect, is a peerless genius. People can compare with you." Huang Qisu flattered her without showing any signs.

Yuan Yutang smiled indifferently, and said straight to the point, "Thanks to the great love of Mr., Pindao has lived up to expectations, and the commission has been completed."

Immediately he clearly saw Huang Qisu's pupils shrunk, obviously very urgent, but he pretended to ask indifferently, "I know that there is nothing wrong with this old man, I have helped a lot this time, and there will be a big reward in the future. "

"Sir, it's serious. According to Empress Meixian, the rare ginseng boy is hidden in Qingtian Peak." Yuan Yutang seemed to reveal the answer casually, but he focused on observing the changes in Huang Qisu's expression.

Sure enough, upon hearing the name of Qingtian Peak, Huang Qisu's expression changed slightly, and he murmured in surprise, "So, so it is, no wonder the old man has searched for many years, but there is no information about Shen Tongzi. It turns out that he was hidden in Qingtian Peak. Within the peak..."

Yuan Yutang got the answer he wanted, poured himself a glass of wine, drank it all, got up and said goodbye, "Mr. Huang, the agreement between you and me has been completed, and the poor have important things to do in the future. Let’s meet again by fate, let’s say goodbye!”

Warlocks in the world should respect the killing power of sword immortals, and Qingtian Peak is the strongest sword immortal sect in the world, with unfathomable strength.

I heard Musk inadvertently revealed that for the lord of the Yellow Immortal, it seems that Huang Qisu is bound to win Shen Tongzi.

In this way, the two will inevitably conflict seriously.

He didn't want to be involved in it for no reason.

So it is wise to withdraw in time.

Huang Qisu seemed to wake up from a dream, and hurriedly asked to stay, "Hold on, Taoist priest, give me a chance to treat Taoist priest well."

Yuan Yutang chuckled, and since Huang Qisu was still pretending to be confused, he simply pointed it out, "Mr. Huang, wise people don't say dark words. Pindao and your Huang family have a deep friendship, and they should help each other, but what happened this time It's really beyond the scope of Pindao's ability, please forgive Pindao's inability to do anything, sorry."

Huang Qisu opened his mouth, hesitated to speak, finally sighed helplessly, stood up suddenly and bowed to the bottom, and said sincerely, "It seems that the Taoist priest's heart is like a mirror, and he understands everything. In fact, the old man also knows that it is difficult for others. But it is about the safety of Mr. Huang Qi, knowing that he is rude, he has no choice but to ask the Taoist priest to help him!"

Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded.

Didn't expect that Huang Qisu would insist on him even after talking about this kind of thing?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

This is a bit of a kindness.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's unhesitating expression, before he could refuse, Huang Qisu gritted his teeth and said, "I know I'm wrong, but if I want to do this, Daoist Yuan has to do it! Therefore, I can represent the Huang family in Northeast China to the Taoist leader." A promise, as long as the Taoist leader is willing to help, the Huang family can unconditionally repay it with all the strength of the whole family in the future!"

ah this...

Yuan Yutang was stunned again.

Is it serious to give all the strength of the whole family to help unconditionally?

Each of the five great fairy families in Northeast China is frighteningly strong. Not only are there a lot of masters, but they also have countless magic weapons, and their power is definitely not weaker than any famous sect.

Moreover, the entire Huang family even includes the master of the Huangxian, who has all-powerful mana, and Huang Qi, the grandfather who has saved his life.

Yuan Yutang's heart was moved in an instant.

The summit of Kunlun is a hurdle that he has to face sooner or later. With the help of the Huang family, wouldn't it be easy?


Seeing Yuan Yutang's intentions, Huang Qisu breathed a sigh of relief, and said with a relaxed smile, "Don't worry, the old man is still number one in the Huang family, the promises he made are absolutely valid, and the Huang family will not treat you badly." Any sincere friend, so this old man has the audacity to ask, please Yuan Daochang!"

Yuan Yutang was speechless, and rationally told him that he should refuse, but Huang Qili gave too much, and it was still impossible to escape the law of true fragrance.

"Okay, Pindao will agree to Mr.'s request!" Seemingly exhausting all his strength, Yuan Yutang finally agreed with his own mouth.

Huang Qisu was overjoyed, pulled Yuan Yutang back to his seat, and smiled gratifiedly, "Grandpa Huang Qi did not misunderstand the person, Daoist Yuan is really the best friend of our Huang family."

"To show my sincerity, the old man first revealed some untold secrets about the Human Immortal Realm to the Taoist Priest. Presumably with the Taoist Priest's speed of practice, it should be useful soon."

Yuan Yutang's eyes froze when he heard it.

The untold secret of the human wonderland?

What does it mean?

Without waiting for him to ask questions, Huang Qisu answered by himself:

"Human immortals are immortals. The biggest difference between human beings and immortals is the essence of life. If you want to transcend the vulgarity and advance from human to immortal, you have to go through five hurdles."

"There is a proverb that is only circulated in a small area that says everything is possible: the five hurdles of human immortality are the first to pass the gate of ghosts... and the gate of ghosts is the biggest key to promotion to immortality!"

(Add more fried tomatoes with tomatoes for Qimao book friend!)

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		