

Yuan Yutang looked at the rough man in front of him who called himself Yan Chixia with complicated eyes.

The hair and beard are like halberds, and the leopard head and eyes are domineering.

Maybe he is still young now, not as serious as when he appeared in the movie, but he has a little more heroic vigor, and his whole person is like a sharp knife out of its sheath, which is very oppressive.

In Yuan Yutang's eyes, the mature version of Yan Chixia is inexplicably more compatible with the older version in the movie.

If other warlocks were bent on embarrassing Lanxi, it might give Yuan Yutang a headache.

But it would be easier if it was Yan Chixia.

Yuan Yutang secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

In the movie, Yan Chixia, with a knife mouth and a bean curd heart, seems vicious and unkind, but in fact she is kind. Not only did she save Ning Caichen repeatedly from a desperate situation, but she was even moved by his sincere love with the female ghost Nie Xiaoqian. old demon.

He didn't believe that Yan Chixia really killed innocent people indiscriminately.

After deliberating for a while, he slowly opened his mouth and said.

"As far as I know, Yan Chixia is an upright hero. He is passionate, helps the weak, and never bullies others. If you are really Yan Chixia, how could you attack an innocent and weak woman? ? Although she may not be human..."

The so-called thousand breaks, only flattery can't break.

As long as you are an individual, you will not refuse others to flatter you.

Yuan Yutang had preconceived ideas, and put the high hat on Yan Chixia, but he didn't believe that Yan Chixia ignored her reputation for a mere Lanxi.

Sure enough, after hearing Yuan Yutang's words, Yan Chixia's dignified expression was obviously relaxed.

Withdrawing his saber, he said with a cold face, "Don't think we don't know about your tricks, but you are right about one thing, we are indeed a great hero!"

"Forget it, since you are also a member of the Taoist sect, let's spare the life of that witch..."

Yuan Yutang suddenly relaxed after hearing this.

But before he was happy for too long, Yan Chixia changed the subject and sternly shouted, "...But, if that demon girl dares to do evil in the future, we won't say anything else, and I'll just settle the score with you!"

Yuan Yutang straightened his expression, cupped his fists and said, "It should be like this!"

Yan Chixia raised her chin, snorted coldly, turned around and went back to the back room, and said without looking back, "Unlucky, we're going to bed, don't bother us if you have nothing to do, or I'll be rude to you!"

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, shook his head with a wry smile, and was speechless.

Sure enough, there was nothing wrong with acting in the movie, and Yan Chixia really couldn't change her tsundere style until she died.


After Yan Chixia left, the atmosphere in the front room was a bit solemn.

Yuan Yutang stared at Lan Xi indifferently and did not speak.

Lan Xi nervously and secretly hung up the corner of the clothes, fidgeting.

Just when Lanxi was about to be unable to bear the silent silence, Yuan Yutang finally took the initiative to speak, "Don't you have something to say to me?"

Lan Xi's face turned bitter when he heard the words, he hesitated to speak, and finally chose to remain silent in embarrassment.

Yuan Yutang sighed in his heart, his expression became colder, and he snatched the sleepy 'Brother Pingtou' from Lan Xi's arms expressionlessly, "You can go at dawn tomorrow, I don't accept people of unknown origin here."

Lan Xi froze for a moment, her eyes turned red instantly, and two lines of tears cut her cheeks.

But Yuan Yutang chose to turn a deaf ear and walked towards the corner with 'Brother Pingtou' in his arms

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, I found a dry place to lie down and fell asleep, completely ignoring Lanxi who was crying with pear blossoms and rain.

After dawn, the heavy rain stopped, and Yuan Yutang walked with Yan Chixia on horseback with his beloved pet in his arms.

Yan Chixia looked suspiciously at Yuan Yutang, who had a sullen face, and then at Lan Xi, who fell far behind, and asked, "Young students, what kind of flower guns are you playing with? Last night for that demon girl , Don’t hesitate to confront us, how can you just spend one night as a fellow traveler? I don’t understand what you young people think.”

Yuan Yutang explained with a wry smile, "Senior didn't know something. Pindao and this woman met by chance, but they walked together because of chance. She once took risks for me. I should repay this karma no matter what... It's just poor Dao eyes are clumsy, I haven't noticed her abnormality for so long, if the senior didn't show up and say it, I might still be kept in the dark..."

"After all, she is a demon and I am a human being. Now that the karma is over, there is no need to get entangled."

Yan Chixia laughed heartily and said, "You are a young man with a kind heart and a clear distinction between grievances and grievances. If someone else is so troublesome and beautiful, she will be infatuated with her, and she probably knows that moths will jump into the flames without hesitation. How can you be as free and easy as you? Not bad , our old Yan sees you pleasing to the eye, and doesn't care about your stalking and insisting on following us."

Yuan Yutang smiled lightly, feeling a bit of bitterness inexplicably in his heart.

Although the time we spent together was short, Lanxi's innocence, like the girl next door, impressed him deeply, and he almost treated her as his younger sister.

It's a pity that good luck tricks people, he really doesn't want to take in an unknown witch who is suspected to be from Qingqiu Fox Country by his side, even though he has enough troubles.

It's really hard to feel the loss of family members.

Three days later, the two came from the border of Zhaozhou to the territory of Yunzhou on the high mountain plain.

At noon that day, Yan Chixia hunted two fat hares, and Yuan Yutang was in charge of cooking.

In his previous life, the company often organized group meetings, and Yuan Yutang, who didn't like socializing, took over the task of grilling. Over time, he developed a good grilling technique, conquered the old Tie Yan Chixia with a little show, and invisibly drew into the relationship between the two. distance.

Two cleaned wild rabbits are roasted at high temperature, the skin is crispy and the meat is tender, golden and oily.

Before it was fully cooked, Yan Chixia, who was twitching her index finger, grabbed it and ate it recklessly, enjoying herself.

Yuan Yutang and Chitu shared a hare.

Yan Chixia, who gnawed a hare by herself, sucked her shiny fingers with some insatiable desire, and suddenly pouted in the shade of a tree in the distance, "You really don't care about her?"

After Yuan Yutang finished chewing the meat in his mouth carefully, he slowly glanced at the lonely and helpless figure under the shade of the tree, and said calmly, "It doesn't matter."

Needless to say, he knew that that pitiful beautiful figure must be Lan Xi who was following closely.

Yan Chixia grinned, "Your heart is really hard enough, and it is a good material for cultivating Taoism. Your injury should be healed, right?"

Yuan Yutang hurriedly got up and bowed seriously when he heard the words, "Thank you Brother Yan for the panacea, my little brother's injury is no longer serious."

They got along day and night these days, under Yuan Yutang's deliberate hospitality, the relationship between the two has improved by leaps and bounds, and they have just become acquainted to the point of being called brothers and sisters.

By the way, although Yan Chixia looks to be in her 40s, she is actually only 31 this year, and Yuan Yutang didn't mess up her seniority by calling him big brother.

Before, Yan Chixia discovered that Yuan Yutang's secret injury had not healed, so she gave him a elixir casually.

I never thought that the efficacy of the elixir would be miraculous, and Yuan Yutang was healed as before in just three days.

Yuan Yutang knew it well

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Tomorrow, Ruchu's miraculous elixir must be of great value, and he will remember this kindness for five years.

After filling their stomachs, the two were ready to go on their way again.

The day agreed with Naimertai was getting closer and closer, and Yan Chixia, who happened to be passing by Honghe Town, told Yuan Yutang clearly that she would be able to reach her destination in about two days, which greatly relieved Yuan Yutang. tone.

He doesn't want to lose his trust.

Before setting off, Yuan Yutang left an item wrapped in lotus leaves in place calmly, and then left without looking back.

After a while, Yan Chixia looked back, and sure enough, she saw a petite figure crouching in the place where she was resting just now, burying her head in eating a fat rabbit leg, she couldn't help shaking her head and smiling.

Today's young people are really in decline, and their hearts are not old.


The setting sun was setting and it was not far from Honghe Town. The two of them didn't want to rush all night, so they found a clean hole and prepared to deal with it overnight.

After eating dry food, the two sat facing each other around the campfire.

Yan Chixia stared at the fire in boredom, and asked speechlessly, "You little brat, why do you always push us to go to Guobei County? Didn't I tell you? We have to rush to Tianshui Road to hunt down the vicious Jiangyang robbers."

Yuan Yutang complimented calmly, "Brother Yan is really chivalrous, there is you in the world, it should be clear."

After a pause, he continued, "It is true that the robbers in Tianshui Road want to be arrested, but the people of Guobei County are also living in dire straits. My younger brother heard from a friend that a nest of tree demons occupied Lanruo Temple. Lowly, wanting to kill demons but unable to do so, I can only beg brother Yan to help me."

Yan Chixia curled her lips, and said disdainfully, "You can put it down. As the chief arrester of the Golden Sword of the Six Gates, we have never heard of a pond newspaper in Guobei County that is full of demons. And even if you said Really, that's none of our old Yan's business, it should be handled by the town magician, we don't have the time to compete with those night fishers for food."

It was said in the movie that Yan Chixia was the head arrester of the six sects known throughout the country, and she chose to live in seclusion in Lanruo Temple because she was disappointed with the corrupt court.

Now that Yan Chixia had just been promoted to the position of head arrester for less than half a year, he was full of ambitions and ambitions, and he didn't want to offend the people in Zhenmagus.

Seeing Yan Chixia's resistance, Yuan Yutang immediately kept silent.

Some things are suitable for a long flow of water, and it is not beautiful to act too hastily.

That's right, he was indeed trying to trick him into killing the tree demon grandma in advance.

There's no way, it's rare to come across a thick thigh, why don't you hug it desperately?

Don't look at the indifferent face of Yan Chixia's boss who doesn't want to be nosy, anyway, he is confident that he can persuade Yan Chixia to take action.

At the tip of the moon, the two of them who had driven for a day gradually felt drowsy, so they ended the conversation and prepared to go to bed.

But as soon as they lay down, they were awakened by a scream that pierced their eardrums.

Yuan Yutang's complexion suddenly became extremely ugly, he got on his horse, and sprinted towards the west at top speed.

Yan Chixia looked at Yuan Yutang's fiery back, and couldn't help but sneered, "I'm telling you to put on a show, but you can't let it go? You bastard!"

The western woods were originally inaccessible, but at this time they were brightly lit, and from time to time, people could be seen in the gaps between the trees, and the voices of laughing, cursing, screaming and crying could be heard.

Chitu ran at full speed like a gust of wind, and rushed into the woods in an instant.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang saw the scene where his eyes were tearing apart.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		