

I will give you time for a stick of incense, and you will leave when the time is up. "

A dirty old man with pockmarks on his face took Sun Yi to a dilapidated, ugly and extremely dark broken room and said.

Sun Yi solemnly bowed his hands in salute.

The corner of the dirty old man's mouth twitched a few times unnaturally, and immediately handed the oil lamp in his hand to Sun Yi, and then limped into the darkness.

Sun Yi watched the filthy old man leave, and sighed quietly after a long time, "They are all miserable people."

This place is not elsewhere, but the office of the state government.

The pock-marked old man is of course the assistant of the state government.

The so-called family has its own laws, and there are rules and regulations, but most of the writers are hard-working people who are forced by life.

Because Wu Zuo has to be with the corpse all day long, and regardless of the gods and ghosts, the various bacteria that rotted on the corpse alone are doomed to not have a good end for Wu Zuo.

But there are hundreds of lines in the world, and any line can be less, but it can't be less.

Without a skilled clerk, it would be a great loss to the deceased or the fast yamen servant.

It is not an exaggeration to say that Wu Zuo can be regarded as the only person in the world who can build a bridge of communication with the dead besides warlocks. Only with them can clues be found from the corpse and the culprit be brought to justice.

So, even though the pockmarked old man was weird and ugly by nature, he was worthy of Sun Yi's admiration.

Long story short, let's get down to business.

The reason why Sun Yi visited Wu's office at night was naturally related to the strange case he heard in the restaurant during the day.

The seven people were silently turned into puppets overnight, and the murderer was very likely to be related to the culprit of the Miemen case who had been dead for many days.

No matter where you start from, it is worth Sun Yi to find out.

Just one thing to say, the taste of the office is really bad.

Long-term hanging corpses, coupled with the generally sloppy and unsanitary work, and various odors such as rancid, musty, and bloody smells mixed together, one can imagine how comfortable it is.

Sun Yi frowned and covered his nose. After thinking for a while, he took out a small porcelain bottle from his bosom, poured out two balls the size of mung beans, and stuffed them into his nostrils. stench.

This is Piwei Pill, which is often used in harsh environments. It can eliminate all kinds of odors and refresh the mind, but the price is a little expensive.

But Sun Yi didn't care, he just wanted to see what could quietly turn people into puppets, find it, and kill it!

Sun Yi, who has rich experience in Jianghu, knows that no matter how docile and kind-hearted any monsters and ghosts are, as long as they are contaminated with blood and food, they will definitely not give up.

Taking a deep breath, Sun Yi pushed open the closed door of the hanging corpse.

Squeak.

In the quiet environment, the subtle sound of the door leaf rubbing against the ground is like thunder to the ears.

Immediately afterwards, a gloomy wind rushed over.

Sun Yi snorted coldly, his voice was obviously not loud, but it echoed in the dark room like Hong Zhong Dalu, and some vague shadows could be seen faintly rushing into the underground wall in panic.

As for the morgue, it is normal for a few ghosts to inhabit it.

Sun Yi was not a domineering person either, he just left in a fright without any intention of harming him.

Walking in slowly, Sun Yi put the oil lamp with a bean-colored flame on a dark and greasy table, murmured something, and immediately pointed at the wick.

boom!

A sudden burst of scorching yang energy not only dispelled the coldness in the room, but even fueled the lights. The blazing flames illuminated the dark place where the corpses were hung as bright as day.

After the lighting was done, Sun Yi had time to look at the hanging corpse.

The whole room is about five feet square, divided into front and back halls.

The front hall is densely packed with bedsteads, the gaps between each other are enough for one person to pass through, and the bedsteads are full of corpses covered by straw mats, and there is a basin of ice stained with corpse water and blood. Bowl.

The ground was covered with a thick layer of inexhaustible blood, extremely greasy.

All the corpses sent to the office of Wuzuo died unexpectedly without exception, which shows that the morals of the world have collapsed and the legal principles have been lost.

There were so many corpses that the stench of the corpses was so strong that Piwei Pill could not cover up the stench. Sun Yi hurriedly put away the feeling of resentment in his mind and went straight to the back hall.

The entire hanging corpse is in a convex shape, and the back hall is located in a protruding position. Compared with the messy front hall, it is relatively clean, but it is not much better.

An iron post-mortem bed with a drainage trough is placed in the center, with various blood-stained post-mortem tools on the side. Makeshift corpse bed.

A lifelike humanoid puppet was lying on the autopsy bed. No matter the hair, skin texture, or body texture, everything was no different from ordinary people. If it weren’t for the obvious connection of the joints in the whole body and the mechanism in the mouth, I’m afraid it would be regarded as a living puppet. people.

No, it shouldn't be said to be lifelike, because it is basically a puppet made of a living person.

Seeing this, Sun Yi's face suddenly darkened.

This kind of torture is indescribable. The victims must have suffered hellish despair and pain during their lifetime.

No matter what the purpose is, the crime of mutilating people alive and turning them into puppets is enough to cut them into pieces.

Suppressing his anger and coming to the autopsy bed, Sun Yi flicked his wrist and produced an extra green talisman out of thin air.

Intermediate talisman - Taishang's insight and debate talisman.

Although Qingtian Peak is a holy place for sword cultivation, and its killing power is unrivaled in the world, it does not mean that they cannot use talismans.

After all, apart from Buddhism, most of the warlock sects are born out of Taoism, and drawing symbols and driving symbols is just a basic skill.

And Taishang's insight and debate talisman is a detection talisman specially used by warlocks to test strange breaths.

"Too high and too clear, there is nothing to hide, and haste is like a law!"

Sun Yi recited the mantra and slammed the green talisman at the living puppet.

boo~

As soon as the talisman came into contact with the living puppet, a fierce blue aura erupted suddenly, and then the living puppet with a frozen expression opened its mouth and let out a silent howl. The scene was simply horrifying.

Sun Yi jumped up on the spot, squeezed his sword fingers, and roared, "Shut!"

Before he finished speaking, he saw a gorgeous sword light bursting out from his fingertips, which instantly turned into a cage of sword energy, completely covering the rapidly overflowing blue aura.

After Sun Yi landed on the ground, the sword qi cage condensed into a semi-virtual blue sphere the size of a chicken egg.

The breath was blue, which was clearly the Yin Qi of the ghost.

Sun Yi held the small blue sphere and sensed it carefully.

He wanted to trace back to the source, relying on the remaining breath of the murderer to track it down.

Suddenly, Sun Yi suddenly opened his eyes and shouted:

"Oops, the murderer is about to commit another murder!"


Wu Gang is the leader of the Feihuang Opera Troupe, one of the three most famous puppets in Shaozhou. He has thirteen skilled puppet masters under his command. After years of painstaking efforts, he has already earned his reputation. People will invite them to come and perform, and the income is quite good.

Originally, the troupe's business was thriving, and there was a faint tendency to dominate the troupe. Wu Gang should be overjoyed.

But recently he has not been happy.

There is no other reason, it is because of Liang Ping, the ghost maker who killed a thousand swords.

He was so full that he went crazy and slaughtered the whole family to make humanoid puppets, and his Feihuang opera troupe was Liang Ping's biggest customer, and even just settled a batch of brand new puppets before the incident.

It is unlucky enough to be involved in a murder case for no reason and be forced to suspend business for a seven-day investigation, but the more unlucky ones are yet to come.

It's rare to be unsealed by the government's lords and allowed to do business. I didn't expect the first business to go wrong.

What's more, it was a strange murder involving seven lives, and the victim was the Yu family from the rich family of Zhoucheng.

It's like eight lifetimes of bad luck to encounter such dirty things! !

Such evil things happened in the house, and I heard that Master Yu was also frightened and fell ill.

If something happened to Mr. Yu, Wu Gang would have no place to stand in Shaozhou.

Seeing that half a lifetime of hard work is about to come to naught.

The anger in Wu Gang's heart, and suffering from having nowhere to vent it, he could only drink away his sorrows all day long.

Tonight Wu Gang was also drunk in the troupe's warehouse, and the guys who accompanied the drinks were overwhelmed with alcohol, and had already gone back, leaving him alone to continue drinking by himself with leftovers and cold dishes.

The night was getting darker, and the neighbors around went to bed early, and this dilapidated warehouse was lit with lights within a radius of half a mile.

If it was a normal day, Wu Gang would definitely not be able to hold a lamp in the middle of the night and drink in the warehouse alone.

In the warehouse is the food guy that he depends on for survival - the puppet! !

But now he doesn't care.

The puppet he loved to the bone in the past is like a thorn in his heart at this moment, reminding him of the fact that he is a loser all the time.

"Well~"

He raised his head and took a sip of half a bowl of local wine. Wu Gang had a foul-smelling belch, and got up drunkenly, ready to relieve himself.

Passing by the rows of wooden frames where the puppets were placed, under the dim light, the puppets with a stiff expression seemed to be smiling but not smiling, indescribably creepy, as if all eyes were focused on him.

Drunk people never know what it means to be afraid. When Wu Gang touched the scene and was hurt, a nameless evil fire suddenly ignited in his heart, and he leaned on the wooden frame and yelled loudly.

"You, look, what are you looking at? Have you never seen Lao Tzu? For example, if it weren't for Lao Tzu, would you exist? It's no use for Lao Tzu to love you so much. You, is this how you repay Lao Tzu?"

"Go, go to your mother, and see if I burn you all with a single fire, believe it or not?"

"Oh, how brave, wait, I'm going to get the fire now!"

The drunkard did things illogically, and cursed at the air for a while, Wu Gang became more and more angry as he thought about it, the pressure of grievances he had suffered in the past few days seemed to explode in an instant, and his reason was suddenly clouded by anger.

If it weren't for the accident that happened next, he would definitely set fire to all these puppets.

He stumbled and was about to go back to find fire, but when he passed by a wooden stand where puppets were placed alone, Wu Gang suddenly felt a chill rushing from the top of his head to Tianling Gai.

Shaking his head vigorously, then rubbing his eyes vigorously, Wu Gang hesitantly looked at the lifelike puppet, which was the size of a normal person.

hiss~

Why didn't he remember when a puppet was placed on this wooden frame?

And why is this puppet so new?

It's as if the tung oil has just been dried.

Huh?

Why does this thing look more and more familiar, like someone he knows? ?

After recalling for a while, Wu Gang froze in vain as if struck by lightning.

He remembered.

I remembered who the brand new puppet that appeared inexplicably looked like.

Those eyebrows, that expression...

It was clearly the puppet maker who had been beheaded for public display...

Liang Ping! ! ! !

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 40 Puppet Suspicion is free to read.




		