

Ritual rituals and the practice of opening altars are the foundation of Taoist magic, and it is also the greatest reliance for every Taoist to subdue demons and demons.

If a Taoist priest encounters an irresistible opponent in the process of defeating a demon, he often chooses to open the altar, inviting various gods and ancestors of the past to help him.

This is also the biggest reason why Taoism has always stood firm under the impact of Buddhism.

The sloppy old man knew that even if he used the 'True Yang Splash' to increase his strength, he would definitely not be a match for the painted skin slaves and the evil painted skin ghosts, so he was decisive before the battle, quickly got out of the battlefield, and found a simple way to get away from the fire. The altar, the method of opening the altar quickly, is ready to open the altar and ask the gods to help.

Here I want to explain that the so-called gods of Taoism are the mighty power of heaven and earth, not a specific god.

Although the idea is good, the Dharma altar is not opened randomly. Each sect has its unique top-secret Dharma door, which needs to be supplemented by specific talismans, utensils, magic tools, spells, body steps, etc. to cooperate with each other. It works every time.

In a hurry, the sloppy old man has neither special utensils nor specific talismans, and the time is extremely tight. The success rate is actually less than half, and he will put Yuan Yutang on the fire.

There is no way, although this will put Yuan Yutang in an extremely dangerous place, if the altar is not opened, the two of them will undoubtedly die.

The sloppy old man can only bite the bullet and gamble!

I bet that Yuan Yutang can persevere, and I also bet that God will bless and succeed in opening the altar.

As mentioned earlier, Zhu Shan is the sixth line of the character Li in the gossip.

Liwei is fire, volcanic brigade, fire wind tripod, and sky fire fellows, so Zhu Shanzong is good at driving fire spells.

The last resort of the sloppy old man preparing to fight to the death must have something to do with Lihuo.

After waiting for a long time, just when the sloppy old man thought that opening the altar had failed, his heart suddenly moved, and he was immediately ecstatic.

The ground where the simple altar was located was instantly red, and a scorching heat wave emerged from the ground, transforming into a half-empty scarlet sword shadow, and the flying snow falling in the air was melted by the scarlet sword shadow before it landed.

"Hahaha, as expected, the emperor pays off those who care, Daoist, I have achieved supernatural powers!"

"Lihuo Punishing Evil Sword Formation, follow the poor way to kill ghosts!"

Laughing loudly, the sloppy old man was in high spirits, carrying sword shadows all over the sky, rushing back to the battlefield like a shooting star, and rescued Yuan Yutang who was exhausted at a critical moment.


Behind the army of painted skin slaves, painted skin ghosts were solemn, as if they were extremely afraid of the sloppy old way at this time.

The savior appeared on the stage, the tight string in Yuan Yutang's heart was loosened, and he couldn't hold on any longer, rolled his eyes, and fell into a deep sleep.

With a wave of his hand, the slovenly old man created a crimson sword shadow to envelop the unconscious Yuan Yutang, and immediately stepped out, bursting out with a shocking momentum, his beard and hair fluttering, and his momentum was as high as the sky.

"Arrogant ghosts, who use their filthy bodies to harm living beings. I don't know how many innocent people have died in your mouth over the years. Today, the poor will do justice for the heavens, so that you will never be reborn, and justice will be given to thousands of innocent souls who died in vain!"

As soon as the words fell, the crimson sword shadow all over the sloppy old man's body was instantly agitated, and the sharp edge of the sword was ready to strike, all pointing at the painted-skinned evil spirit sitting on the high ladder.

All of a sudden, the painted-skinned ghost felt a chill run down his back, and an unexplained fear spread from the bottom of his heart.

In order to hide the panic, Painted Skin Ghost sternly ordered thousands of painted skin slaves to charge collectively.

"Little ones, take down that old-fashioned old man for me!"

clatter~

The Huapinu army howled ferociously and charged forward.

Facing the tide-like army of painted skin slaves, the slovenly old man calmed down and calmed down, with his right hand pointing like a sword, from bottom to top, he chanted:

"Sword up!"

call out!

Whoosh!

The sword formation moved upon hearing the wind, and a fiery aura erupted from a crimson sword shadow, dragging a long tail flame, suddenly rising into the air and falling down like a streamer.

rumbling~

The next moment, the scarlet red sword shadows that were dense like rain fell into the painting skin slave, and in an instant, clusters of dazzling glare exploded, and then there was an eruption of terrifying movements like shaking mountains. Blown to pieces by the strong wind.

With just one wave of offensive, nearly 500 painted skin slaves were turned into ashes.

Zhu Shanzong's strongest supernatural power, the Lihuo Punishing Evil Sword Formation, is so terrifying!

The slovenly old man stood upright calmly, and as soon as the violent air wave approached, it seemed to hit an invisible barrier, like a rock under a waterfall, pouring away left and right.

In just one breath, the underground heat wave was strong, and the sword array that was exhausted by the sloppy old man was replenished.

Huapinu's expression changed for the first time, his face was extremely ugly.

It never expected that the sloppy old man would have such a hidden strength, and he would actually feel the threat of death.

Destroying five hundred enemies with one move, the sloppy old man was not in the slightest impatient, pointing at the painted skin ghost Dayi and scolded, "The so-called Skynet is not leaking, it's not that we don't report it, but it's just that the time has not come! Evil ghost, you think that the world is so big that no one can beat it!" Curing you? Little do you know that the earth, lung and fire vessels are the most effective thing to restrain your evil spirits!"

"The underground of Gu County that you stole happens to be connected to the ground, lungs and fire. This is the retribution for your many unrighteous deeds. Take your life!"

Suddenly, the slovenly old man leaped up from the ground like a rainbow, his body was like a swimming dragon, stepping on two red sword shadows, he roared and went straight to the painted-skinned evil spirit.

Countless crimson sword shadows echoed each other, causing a vision of heaven and earth.

The ground trembled violently, the city shook, the clouds and mists hung low in the night sky, and the billowing heat wave suffocated people's breath. It was like a giant gunpowder keg. A slight spark would erupt an earth-shattering explosion.

"Hiss~"

Such a terrifying momentum, even the big ghost with nearly two hundred years of cultivation, Huapigui couldn't help feeling his scalp tingle, and hurriedly drove the remaining Huapi slaves to resist the obstruction, but he jumped down the ladder and fled in embarrassment, unlike the arrogant one just now. Domineering is different.

Painted skin slaves are ignorant and rush forward without fear of death.

As soon as the sloppy old man moved his mind, countless scarlet sword shadows left and went straight to Huapinu.

Puff puff puff puff!

The dull sound of leather cracking was endless, most of the skin slaves were not the enemy of the scarlet sword shadow, only a few skeleton skin slaves wrapped under the skin could resist a little.

However, the fire in the earth's lungs is endless, and the sloppy and old-fashioned Lihuo Demon Slaying Sword Formation is endless, so there is no way that a skeleton and painted skin slave can resist stubbornly.

After rushing half way, most of the nearly 5,000 painted skin slaves in the city fell under the scarlet sword array, and the bustling city was completely silenced.

The sloppy old man came with a crimson sword array, his awe-inspiring power, his beard and hair all stretched out, and he shouted in vain, "Evil ghost, where are you running!"

Painted Skin Ghost's ghosts were all desperate, and they dared not stay anywhere. They ran into the houses next to them in a panic, trying to use the houses to block the attack of the sloppy old man.

It took several near-deaths to push the Painted Skin Ghost to this point, the sloppy old man would not be willing to let it go, and immediately his eyes were all fixed, and he unstoppably crashed into the house where the Painted Skin Ghost was hiding.

Rumble!

The seemingly solid house fell apart in an instant like paper paste.

Amidst the dust, Painted Skin Ghost had nowhere to escape and was forced into a desperate situation.

With no hope of survival, the Painted Skin Ghost was fierce, turned around and stopped, his hands staggered and grabbed his robe and skin, and screamed, "If you don't let me live, then let's die together!"

After finishing speaking, he pulled it hard, and the robe and leather bag turned into flying catkins all over the sky.

Under the skin of the Painted Skin Ghost hides a gigantic body more than ten feet tall, its whole body is as red as iron, its black bones are exposed, its head has horns, its mouth is full of sharp teeth, it is extremely frightening.

Painted Skin Ghost suddenly stretched its body, a dark and cold breath erupted suddenly, and its giant claws like cattail fan slammed at the sloppy old man.

"Well done!"

The sloppy old man knew that the jet-black aura was Hua Skin Ghost's yin energy, which meant that Painted Skin Ghost was going to do his best, so he immediately grasped the sword formula and flew down with his sword.

The endless crimson sword shadow behind him exploded in an instant, covering Painted Skin Ghost like a rainstorm of pear blossoms.

choke!

Clang, clang, clang!

The chirping of gold and iron resounded like roasted beans, and the unstoppable scarlet sword shadow couldn't break the painted skin ghost's natal yin energy in a hurry, and they exploded one after another, bursting into bright sparks.

In an instant, everything in the world seemed to be frozen, and the only thing that could move was the two figures facing each other up and down.

The slovenly old man no longer had the composure he had just now, his old face flushed, and he desperately urged Gu to convey his mana, trying to complete his work in one battle, completely smashing Painted Skin Ghost into thousands of pieces.

Under the crisis of life and death, Painted Skin Ghost did not dare to be stingy, and burst out his yin energy like his life, vowing to block this wave of the strongest offensive.

The two who fought against each other were not seriously injured in a short period of time, but the surrounding buildings were affected tragically. Nearly half of the buildings in the city were smashed to pieces by the aftermath of the qi machine. It was really shocking.

After a few breaths, Painted Skin Ghost, who was already extremely anxious, suddenly changed his face, and laughed wildly in a broken voice, "Hahaha, so you are just showing off, no wonder you can display the supernatural powers of the peak of the real world in the monk state, so it turns out that you are burning with a secret method. A short burst at the cost of life~"

"Old Niubi, how much life do you have left to consume?"

"When your Yangshou is exhausted and your magical powers are cut off, I will tear your soul out and drive you away forever, hahaha!"

Seeing through the authenticity of the sloppy old man, the Painted Skin Ghost is full of ferocious flames, and there is a faint tendency to overwhelm the sloppy old man.

The sloppy old man had a hideous expression, and there were bloodstains overflowing from his seven orifices.

Painted Skin Ghost is right, he is indeed using the secret method to burn his life to forcibly use the Lihuo Punishing Evil Sword Formation. After the eruption, he is close to the point of exhaustion. Even if he stops now, he will not have much time to live .

Now that it has collapsed so far, let's go to the end!

By sacrificing himself, at least Yuan Yutang could be kept.

With a decision of his mind, the sloppy old man pushed the secret technique to the limit, and his lifespan, which was not much, passed away like a flood bursting a dike.

"Ignorant ghost, even if you try not to be reborn forever, the poor will kill you!"

During the binge drinking, the sloppy old man spurted blood from his seven orifices, and bought a new force at the cost of his life, causing the balance that was gradually overwhelmed by the painted skin ghost to tilt rapidly. Runaway out of control.

Painted Skin Ghost's expression changed drastically. He originally wanted to use words to break through the sloppy old man's state of mind, but he didn't expect it to be self-defeating, which instead inspired his will to fight to the death.

The shadow of death descended like a real one, the Painted Skin Ghost's liver and gallbladder were torn, and his true nature was fully exposed in times of crisis, and he even wanted to beg for mercy and live.

"No, no! Daoist, I know I'm wrong!! Please be merciful, I am willing to be subdued and suppressed, please let me live~"

The sloppy old man turned a deaf ear to it, knowing that he might die at any time, but his mood was unprecedentedly peaceful.

Looking back at Yuan Yutang who was protected by the scarlet sword shadow not far away, he showed a gratified smile.

"No, no, please forgive me~"

The next moment, a red light soaring into the sky pierced through the night.


		