

Yuan Yutang looked at the astonished Miss Musk with a smile, but his heart was full of emotions.

If they didn't know the inside story, no one would be able to see that this delicate and stunning girl in front of them would actually be a big monster who has practiced for nearly a thousand years.

Among the thousands of demon clans in the world, under the dragon and phoenix, the fox should be respected.

The Fox Clan is a huge group, which can be subdivided into three major camps, namely the Qingqiu Fox Nation, the Xinyue Fox Clan, and the Northeast Hu Clan.

In Qingqiu Fox Country, the Nine-Tailed Sky Fox is the most respected, and she lives alone, looking down on all living beings, and is the most arrogant.

Hu Santai, the head of the Northeast Hu family, has high morals and high prestige, and has countless descendants. He runs an iron bucket in the Northeast, fighting against the four great immortal families.

The Xinyue fox family has a detached mentality, acts both good and evil, plays with the world, is best at gathering yang and nourishing yin, and hides charms.

The beautiful and beautiful Miss Musk in front of her is actually Xinyue Fox, and she is also the big demon in the Xinyue Fox clan, the queen of Meixian.

"My lord, my lord, don't hurt the slave family, the slave family will depend on you~"

Miss Musk's delicate body trembled, her fan-shaped slender eyelashes fluttered wildly, and the fear in her beautiful eyes almost overflowed, and her pitiful and helpless appearance revealed a natural coquettish attitude, which made the man want to stop.

Yuan Yutang shook his head helplessly and said, "Ms. Meixian, why bother acting again? If the poor Taoist came to you, he would naturally know something about you. Why don't you open the window and speak honestly?"

Blinking her beautiful big eyes, Musk still had a horrified and ignorant innocent expression, as if she had no idea what Yuan Yutang was talking about.

Yuan Yutang looked at Musk in front of him in extreme speechlessness, thinking that he was addicted to acting.

Since he refused to talk honestly, Yuan Yutang had no choice but to resort to some unconventional means, and said in a deep voice, "I'm offended!"

After finishing speaking, Zhang Xin condensed the strength of wind and rain the size of a water tank, and it was the spell 'Wind and Rain', so he raised his hand and blasted it to the floor.

With his current cultivation base, one blow would blow a big hole in the entire Tianxiang Pavilion.

All of a sudden, a ghostly black shadow rushed out of the sky, engulfing 'Yin Yu Ji' suddenly.

With a swipe, the powerful 'Wind and Rain' was completely dissolved into nothingness.

"You little ox-nosed man who is so unruly, doesn't he know how to worship gods in temples and call out people at the beginning? Do you dare to be presumptuous in your aunt's territory?"

Musk's awe-inspiring change, his brows were full of evil, completely different from the helpless and lovable person I had just pitied.

Yuan Yutang looked at the big fox tail protruding out of nowhere from under her veil, feeling very proud.

Because he knew that Tianxiang Pavilion was an extremely important den of the Xinyuehu Clan in the world, and Musk would definitely not take advantage of him to destroy it at will.

Just as he was proud, a blur suddenly appeared in front of his eyes, and the domineering Musk suddenly disappeared in place.

The next moment, she appeared beside Yuan Yutang like a ghost, with a pair of amazingly white and slender legs resting on Yuan Yutang's lower abdomen, half of her hot and seductive body lay on his shoulders, and whispered with winking eyes, "Although you are very innocent Li, but for the sake of your good looks, my sister will show mercy to you once."

As he spoke, he stuck out his pink tongue and licked Yuan Yutang's earlobe.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang tensed up as if struck by lightning.

Although he was not a first-time brother who had never tasted meat in his previous life, and he had read countless videos on the Internet, but this ever-changing witch-like stunner is a legendary vixen~

Just listening to the voice made his whole body agitated, and he couldn't stop, how can he negotiate next?

Hastily recited the meditation mantra silently in his heart, and said calmly, "My lady, please respect yourself, Pindao is not the kind of person you imagined, it's more important to talk about the business first, say

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

It seems that you owe Shoushan Daxian a promise..."

Musk bit her plump lower lip, and interrupted with a chuckle, "So what? Even if he owes Huang Qisu's promise, it doesn't mean I admit that you can act on his behalf... And~compared Boring business, people are even more greedy for your delicious young chicken~"

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang felt a rush of hot blood rushing straight to Tianlinggai, and his nasal cavity was warm, as if liquid was overflowing.

It's terrible~

I knew that the vixen was difficult to deal with, but I didn't expect it to be so difficult.

If he was seduced by an ordinary beauty like this, Yuan Yutang, as a time traveler, would not be bound by the customs of the market, and he might follow the trend, anyway, he is not a serious Taoist priest.

But in the face of this vixen, he dare not~

Picking up yang and nourishing yin is the innate supernatural power of the Xinyuehu family.

If one of them can't control it, it is very likely that all the Taoism and deeds of the whole body will be wasted.

"Young lady..." Yuan Yutang said stiffly.

Before she finished speaking, she was interrupted by Musk again. The witch gave Yuan Yutang a flirtatious look, and said with a tender smile, "Your name is very empress, so if you don't like me, I will call you my sister~"

"Do you want to have a taste of what is the real bliss in the world, little brother~~"

These straightforward and unrestrained words almost broke Yuan Yutang's moral heart and made him lose his mind.

He knew in his heart that he could no longer passively bear the charm, otherwise he was not sure how long he could last.

If it really fell under the musk charm, then everything would be over.

Taking a deep breath, forcibly suppressing the restlessness in his heart, Yuan Yutang drank in awe-inspiring voice, and his powerful mana burst out suddenly.

Boom~

The fragile incense couch couldn't bear the impact of mana, it creaked and collapsed immediately.

Musk screamed, and was gently bounced away by the strong wind.

She also didn't expect Yuan Yutang to stick to her heart and fight back under her amazing charm.

After landing, Musk's face turned cold first, and then she hung a charming smile on her charming dimple, pretending to be sad, "I'm so heartbroken~ I really want to talk to you, but I didn't expect you to be so puzzled The amorous feelings, too hurt the heart of my family~”

Yuan Yutang regained his composure, bent slightly and used his robe to cover a certain place, sighing inwardly for his luck.

He was just a little bit short, and he was about to lose himself.

"Your Majesty, that's too rude. Is this how your Xinyuehu clan treats guests?" Yuan Yutang said righteously.

It's a pity that these words have no deterrent effect at all under the awkward posture of him not daring to stand upright.

Musk looked straight at Yuan Yutang with beautiful eyes, bit his jade finger and giggled coquettishly, "Huh, smelly man, he says no, but his body is very honest."

Yuan Yutang was embarrassed when he heard the words, and hastily coughed a few times to cover up his embarrassment.

Musk stretched lazily, the tight and light clothes almost exposed her exquisite and protruding hot body, this attitude almost broke Yuan Yutang's defense again.

Yuan Yutang reassured himself, frowned and growled, "There is a limit to everything, no matter what you say, the poor are the masters of a faction. If your mother teases the poor again and again, don't blame me for being ruthless!"

With a dull voice, Musk lay lazily on the soft couch, with a beautiful body, and yawned casually, "If you have nothing to do, you can go to the Three Treasures Palace, just tell me, that old thief with a lustful heart but no guts made you a bull-nosed What are you doing here to see the servants?"

Yuan Yutang hurriedly turned his eyes away, not daring to face the extremely seductive musk that was exuding from his body, and said with a lack of confidence, "Entrusted by the Shoushan Immortal, he wants to inquire about a piece of information from the Empress Meixian."

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Cut~" Musk sneered disdainfully, "Shameless old thief, he used to be a heartbreaker when he was full of affection, but now he is thrown out of the sky with his golden body and name, and he thinks of him again when he has something to do. Is your heart just a tool that comes and goes when you call it?"

Yuan Yutang's scalp was numb, he didn't want to hear about the love history between Huang Qisu and Musk, he just wanted to finish what he promised and leave.

This witch is really difficult to deal with, and every time she spends more time alone with her, Yuan Yutang feels like sitting on pins and needles.

"Your Majesty, let's stop gossip, let's get down to business first."

Musk glared at Yuan Yutang in displeasure, and twitched her cherry lips, "There are so many people in the world who are begging and looking forward to being the guest of the Nu family, and the Nu family still refuses to accept it. Fortunately, you don't know how to cherish the opportunity in front of you! "

"Forget it, it's not that people from all the way don't come into the house, Huang Qisu let you come to see me, I guess you are also the same kind of fickle lover."

"What exactly are you asking for from the slave family?"

Yuan Yutang said solemnly, "The Great Immortal of Shoushan asked Poor Dao to inquire about the location of Tongzi Shen from the empress."

"San Boy?"

The careless Musk suddenly changed his face when he heard the words, sat up straight, and said to himself in surprise, "Why is he asking for news about Tongzi Shen? Could it be that Mr. Huang Qi is going to go through the seventh catastrophe soon?"

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang's expression changed. Although he was curious about the information about the seventh catastrophe mentioned by Musk, he couldn't finish the business, so he had to endure his doubts and wait.

The so-called Millennium Ganoderma Lucidum and Ten Thousand Years Ginseng, there are countless treasures in the world, but in terms of the most famous and the most effective, it is Ganoderma lucidum and ginseng.

Let’s not talk about Ganoderma lucidum for now, but ginseng has always been known as the “King of Herbs” among the people. Whether it is a mortal or a practicing warlock, after taking it, it can restore the veins, prolong life, and replenish vitality. The older the age, the more pronounced the effect.

Ordinary ginseng can only grow for more than four hundred years, and any ginseng that exceeds this age is already a treasure of heaven and earth.

No matter whether it is a thousand years or ten thousand years old, Shen Wang is a rare treasure that cannot be found.

However, few people know that the best quality of ginseng is not the so-called Wannian ginseng king, but the illusory ginseng boy.

Since ancient times, there have been legends about long-aged ginseng in deep mountains and old forests turning into spirits and turning into ginseng dolls running around.

The source of the legend is San Tongzi!

"Da Huang Jing" has a saying: "There is ginseng in the mountains, which is used as grass during the day and unearthed at night. It looks like a five-year-old boy. It has a stubborn temperament and needs to be tied with a red rope. There is no way to escape. It can be eaten by flesh and bones. It is a living dead for a hundred days. Ascension is just around the corner, so it is called Shentongzi.

Musk's expression fluctuates from time to time, as if making a difficult decision.

Yuan Yutang didn't rush, but waited quietly.

After a long time, Musk's frowning eyebrows were relaxed, and she had already made a decision. She returned to her coquettish manner, and said with a coquettish smile, "Hehe, that old thief has a good plan to exchange such a worthless promise for such a precious one." Information. Forget it, Xinyuehu never breaks his promise to others, if you want to know, I will tell you..."

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed when he heard the words, and was about to express his thanks.

Unexpectedly, Musk changed the subject, stared at Yuan Yutang with beautiful eyes, and said with a giggling smile, "However, I have a condition~ Except for the Nu family, there are probably no more than five people in the world who know about Shen Tongzi. Little brother, If you really want to help that old thief find out information, you must be prepared to pay the price~"

The smile on Yuan Yutang's face froze immediately, and an ominous premonition arose in his heart, so he asked bravely, "Then... dare I ask what your empress is asking for?"

"Accompany the slave family for one night, if you make the slave family happy, I will do it to you~"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		