

Yuan Yutang silently looked at the middle-aged man in purple shirt in front of him.

This person has a majestic appearance, with yellowish and slightly curly hair, thick eyebrows and big eyes, and the divine light in the dark pupils is restrained. He is nearly ten feet tall, extremely burly, and exudes an awe-inspiring aura that is not angry and majestic.

"Yuan Yuji of the Jingshan sect in Shaozhou, the poor Taoist priest, has met the tiger now." Yuan Yutang replied without respect or humiliation.

Tiger, the fierce tiger of ancient times!

In other words, this mountain god is a deity who has become an orthodox deity from a tiger to a spirit.

"I'm a guest from afar. Today is my daughter's day. If you have anything to say, let's wait until you have a glass of water and wine before making any plans."

Tiger generously and enthusiastically poured a glass of water and wine for Yuan Yutang himself. He didn't mind at all that he came to make trouble on purpose, and he didn't discriminate against Yuan Yutang as the head of a little-known sect with impeccable etiquette.

Yuan Yutang took the wine glass, raised his head and drank it down, said with a faint smile, "Good wine, it really is the secret wine of the immortal family, it is rare to see it in the world, thank you tiger for your hospitality."

The tiger suppressed his smile when he heard the words, waved his hands solemnly and said, "I have already done my best to entertain guests after the wedding, and now I want to ask the real master, why did you make trouble at the little girl's wedding banquet?"

Yuan Yutang organized his words, ignored the tiger's horrifying eyes, and said calmly, "The so-called twisted melon is not sweet, the tiger is a member of the fairy family, why do you mess up the mandarin ducks and forcefully accept an ordinary man as your son-in-law? "

"Let's not talk about whether being forced to marry a man for a noble girl can make you truly happy. If it gets out, wouldn't it insult the tiger's hard-earned reputation?"

After listening to the tiger, two uncontrollable anger flashed in his piercing eyes, and he said in a deep voice, "If I insist that the Huang family's Saburo marry the little girl, how will the real head of the sect treat me?"

"Alas~" Yuan Yutang sighed in awe, and smiled wryly, "Why does the tiger have to be angry with the poor Taoist? The poor Taoist really wants to discuss with you a countermeasure to get the best of both worlds, why should this be so?"

The tiger snorted coldly, "The best of both worlds? How can I have the best of both worlds? That kid is so bold that he took advantage of his daughter's epileptic seizures to insult her innocence. If he refuses to marry his daughter to death, he can only use his life to cleanse his heart." Your disgrace!"

Yuan Yutang was taken aback, and said in disbelief, "You really mean what the tiger said?"

No wonder the tiger would go against the norm and forcibly accept Huang Sanlang as his son-in-law.

Women in ancient times regarded innocence and chastity as more important than their lives. If Huang Sanlang had really committed such nasty things, no one would be able to reason.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang still didn't quite believe it, the tiger sneered and pointed casually, and a cloud of green smoke rose out of nowhere on the ground.

The green smoke dissipated, revealing a young man with a terrified expression.

It was Huang Sanlang's captured soul.

The tiger stared at Huang Sanlang fiercely, and said sharply, "Deng Tuzi, I will ask you, have you ever done anything dirty to defile my daughter?"

Huang Sanlang hesitated immediately when he heard the words, and hesitantly said, "Here, I..."

The tiger was furious and roared suddenly, as if the awe-inspiring aura of a big worm roaring in the forest suddenly erupted, "Answer truthfully, but if there is even half a lie, I will beat you to dust!"

"Wow~" Huang Sanlang wailed, knelt down and kowtowed, crying in fear, "I deserve to die. I am too old, please spare my life, let me go back to my parents' bedside to fulfill my filial piety~"

The tiger's eyes were upside down, he gritted his teeth and roared, "Why didn't you think more about your elderly parents when you did that nasty thing to my daughter? If I let you go, wouldn't it make me a god of mountains and rivers in the world?" A joke? One last question, are you going to be the bridegroom officer or not!"

Huang Sanlang was so frightened that he trembled all over, he only kowtowed like a onion, begging for mercy repeatedly

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)


The acceptance of a mountain god's son-in-law is not a simple marriage. When a mortal marries a mountain god's noble daughter, he must cut off the mortal world and make a break with the past.

How dare Huang Sanlang agree to such a harsh condition?

Yuan Yutang felt that his head was getting bigger, but he didn't expect that there were such twists and turns hidden in it.

To be honest, he really wanted to just leave and no longer care about the stupid things that spread the shit.

You, Huang Sanlang, take advantage of the danger of others, and the villain is innocent, let alone being forced to marry the daughter of the mountain god, even if the tiger skinned him and cramped him, it would not be an exaggeration.

But when he thought of the pitiful and helpless Yin Pan eyes of the second elder of the Huang family, his heart softened.

The elderly have raised children for many years, and once a white-haired person sends a black-haired person, the grief is so heavy.

In his previous life, he traveled inexplicably, did the elders in the family also feel heartbroken like the second elder of the Huang family?

He is not a saint and cannot control the misfortune of the world, but when he meets and agrees, he cannot ignore it.

Sighing lightly, Yuan Yutang said, "Tiger, Huang Sanlang has never done bad deeds and is quite filial. This mistake must be due to the confusion of the young man's blood. And fulfill his filial piety?"

The tiger was stunned when he heard the words, pondered for a moment, and said with a strange smile, "Don't tell me, there are really other ways."

Yuan Yutang was immediately overjoyed, thinking that he had finally convinced the tiger, and hurriedly asked, "Tiger is reasonable and reasonable, it is really a blessing for all people, and I don't know what the tiger thinks about such a good strategy?"

The tiger smiled and looked at Yuan Yutang playfully, until he felt the hairs on his heart.

Just when he was about to be unable to bear the tiger's strange gaze, the tiger finally spoke:

"The method is very simple, as long as you marry my daughter instead of Huang Sanlang, the matter will be settled, how about it?"

"What?" Yuan Yutang's eyes widened suddenly, almost unable to believe what he heard.

To ask him, an innocent little virgin, to take over?

Uh, it doesn't matter whether he takes over or not, the key is that he can't be the son-in-law of a tiger at all!

Marrying the daughter of the mountain god is undoubtedly changing the lintel, and it is undoubtedly breaking the roots of the Jingshan sect, which is already thinly populated!

If he really dared to agree rebelliously, if he was found out by the sloppy old Taoist, he would be so angry that he would come alive and beat him up.

"No, this is absolutely impossible!" Yuan Yutang shook his head like a rattle and refused repeatedly.

The tiger smiled, and said disdainfully, "So, don't do to others what you don't want yourself to do to yourself. Doesn't the master master even understand such a simple truth?"

Yuan Yutang was at a loss for words immediately, and continued to persuade, unwilling to give up, "Tiger, you can also think about it in the long run..."

"Enough!" The tiger interrupted sharply in vain, his brows were erected, and he shouted angrily, "I respect you as the master of the sect, and I wasted a lot of words with you just now, so don't push yourself!"

As he spoke, he suddenly turned his head and glared at Huang Sanlang, whose hope was shattered, and said fiercely, "You can get married if you don't, or you will die!"

After hearing this, Huang Sanlang's face turned ashen, and he was stunned and unable to speak.

Yuan Yutang sighed in his heart, knowing that what happened tonight could not be done well, so he said seriously, "Although Huang Sanlang made mistakes first, but there is a difference between human beings and gods, and tigers are not afraid of compromising their merits if they act recklessly?"

As he spoke, he stepped forward to stand in front of Huang Sanlang, and Yuan Yutang used actions to show his attitude.

Seeing this, the tiger suddenly became furious, and the astonishing evil spirit rose rapidly, staring at Yuan Yutang with a pair of upside-down pupils, and said with a grim grin, "Are you sure you want to fight for a ruthless man?"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The important person is the enemy of this king? "

Yuan Yutang shook his head lightly, and said calmly, "I will go where the righteousness is!"

"Okay, how courageous!" The tiger laughed back in anger, full of momentum, and a huge tiger figure sat up behind him, staring at Yuan Yutang with evil eyes and said, "Since your Excellency is obsessed with obsession, don't blame it." This gentleman bullies the small with the big, and I will teach you the supernatural powers!"

Yuan Yutang adjusted his momentum calmly, the turbulent wind gradually grew in the new house, and the drizzle was like fluff.

Different from the past, this time he used the magical power of calling wind and rain, although the momentum was not ostentatious, but there was a kind of unpredictable back-to-basics.

The reason is simple, Yuan Yutang has become stronger!

Since he opened the third supernatural power, he has broken through the monk realm and officially entered the sequence of the real person realm.

So Tiger just kept calling him a real person, and he was so polite because of his real cultivation.

Facing the aggressive tiger, Yuan Yutang did not retreat at all, and his fighting spirit was high.

In the cultivator's realm, he had confronted masters above human and immortal many times. Although he had no direct confrontation and was precarious, he was well-informed anyway.

So he really wanted to know how far he was from the high-ranking human immortal after he entered the Realm Realm.

Seeing that the battle was about to break out, a burst of hearty laughter came from outside, breaking the deadlock immediately.

"Hahaha, the old man felt a familiar atmosphere from a long distance away. I didn't expect to meet Daoist Yuan here by chance. What a coincidence!"

Before the words were finished, an elegant middle-aged man with E Guanbo suddenly appeared in the new house, and greeted Yuan Yutang with a gentle smile, "Daoist Yuan, do you still remember the old man Huang Qili?"

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed when he saw the visitor, and hurriedly saluted, "Immeasurable Heavenly Venerable, I have seen the Great Immortal of Shoushan, and I will never forget the kindness of Anshan's help that day."

The person who came was Huang Qisu, the Great Immortal of Shoushan who had a close friendship with Yuan Yutang.

Huang Qisu caressed his beard and said with a smile, "It was only a few months since we parted. I didn't expect Yuan Daochang's meritorious service to make good fortune, and he has advanced thousands of miles every day, and he has already stepped into the realm of real people. It's really gratifying."

Yuan Yutang blushed a little from the praise, and quickly said modestly, "Occasionally, Mr. Huang is over-reputed, so I'm ashamed, I'm ashamed~"

Seeing Huang Qisu and Yuan Yutang having a happy conversation, the tiger put on a sullen face, not accepting his momentum, nor accepting it.

After being disturbed by his old friend, he knew that the fight would not be possible for the time being.

Losing his momentum, he said helplessly to Huang Qisu, "You old thief came in a timely manner. Since you and the head of Yuan knew each other, I don't care about Meng Lang's crime and see you off!"

Before Huang Qisu could speak, Yuan Yutang preemptively said, "Wait a minute, today Pindao will take Huang Sanlang away no matter what."

After hearing this, Tiger's face darkened again, and he glared at Yuan Yutang fiercely and shouted, "An dare to bully me like this, do you really think I dare not kill you?"

Yuan Yutang said tit-for-tat, "If you go against the law, you will be punished by heaven. The poor Taoist advises the tiger to think twice, and don't make mistakes!"

"court death!"

The tiger was completely enraged this time, and he was about to rush up and kill that ignorant little Taoist priest.

But he didn't want Huang Qisu to hold his shoulders with a smile as soon as he moved.

"Old thief, do you want to stop me too?" The tiger's face was distorted ferociously, showing signs of animal transformation, obviously he was really angry.

Huang Qisu shook his head with a smile, and said slowly, "Don't worry, just listen to the old man."

"Perhaps the old man can provide a solution that has the best of both worlds."

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		