

In the middle of the night, a man suddenly appeared in the wilderness from a black lamp, and everyone would be shocked.

Fortunately, Di Yinhao could barely see the man's appearance clearly, so he didn't get scared. @重量\/书阁·No fault first release~~

"Brother Jing, it's great that you're fine, hurry up, give me a hand, Lanruo Temple really has ghosts!"

The panic-stricken Di Yinhao was only interested in being happy, but didn't notice a fatal detail.

Kou Jingzhi in front of him was very different from his usual gentleness, with a sullen face and expressionless motionless.

The most terrible thing is his feet...

no shadows!

Kou Jingzhi went up coldly to help the disgraced Di Yinhao up, and without waiting for him to speak, he helped him walk to the other side of the woods.

As he walked, Di Yinhao suddenly realized something was wrong.

Kou Jingzhi led him to turn left and right in the dense forest with complicated paths, and he seemed to be very familiar with the environment here, which made him puzzled, so he asked, "Brother Jing, why do you seem to be familiar with the surrounding area?"


Kou Jingzhi turned a deaf ear to it.

Inexplicably, Di Yinhao, who was still in shock, suddenly had an ominous premonition, hurriedly stopped, and shouted loudly, "Brother Jing, let's stop for a while! Tell me why you are so familiar with this place? Don't make it clear I won't go!"

Finally Kou Jingzhi turned back, looked at Di Yinhao indifferently, and said in a hoarse voice, "...I got lost in the forest just now, and I was lucky to be rescued by a kind family. Let's go ask for help now..."

Although Kou Jingzhi's answer seemed to be correct, Di Yinhao just felt that something was wrong, but he couldn't tell.

Before he could think it through, Kou Jingzhi dragged him on his way again.

After traveling through the dense forest for a long time, Di Yinhao suddenly felt a bright light in front of him.

I saw a sparkling lake hidden in the dense forest, and the water rippled like the Milky Way in the sky.

There is a winding pontoon bridge paved with wooden boards, which leads directly to the waterside pavilion in the middle of the lake. The white gauze flutters in the pavilion, which looks like a fairyland of peach blossoms.

A guzheng sound drifting with the wind, as beautiful as the sounds of nature, even through the dancing white gauze, a beautiful figure can be faintly seen playing in it.

For some reason, upon hearing the ethereal and melodious sound of the guzheng, Di Yinhao was in a trance for a while, and unconsciously felt relaxed, the guard in his heart dissipated, and he couldn't move on his feet. He could only stay here and listen to the music for the rest of his life. .

It's a pity that Kou Jingzhi didn't give him a chance, so he roughly dragged him around a corner and walked along a bluestone path.

Not long after, a delicate and elegant courtyard appeared at the end of the path.

Di Yinhao shivered violently, regained consciousness as if he had just woken up from a dream, looked at the courtyard in amazement and said, "I heard that Lanruo Temple is deserted for fifty miles, why suddenly there is a courtyard?"

Kou Jingzhi answered the question indifferently, "Go in, the master has been waiting for us for a long time."

As he spoke, he pushed open the courtyard gate and strode in.

Di Yinhao hesitated for a while, gritted his teeth and followed in.

As soon as he entered the door, he saw a graceful old lady waiting in line with a group of maids.

"I'm an old banyan slave, Mr. Di came to my humble house, it's really radiant."

The old lady with heavy makeup on her face greeted her with a friendly smile, Di Yinhao replied in fear, "It's Xiaosheng who is acting like Meng Lang for disturbing you in the middle of the night, please don't blame the old lady."

The old woman laughed, went up to hold Di Yinhao's hand affectionately, and said with a smile, "This old woman is a merchant's woman, and she smells of copper all over her body. She has lived here in seclusion since her husband passed away, and she lives a life of clean soup and widowed water on weekdays." Living in seclusion, it's rare for a gentleman like Mr. Di to come here with honor, and it's too late for me to be happy, so how can I blame him~"

Seemingly over-excited, a few wisps of saliva overflowed from the corner of the old woman's mouth, which made her cover her mouth in embarrassment.

After being an official, Di Yinhao was extremely skilled in dealing with people and things, and he could resolve the embarrassment with a few words, and the two talked happily.

After some conversation, the old woman strongly persuaded Di Yinhao to stay overnight on the grounds that it was too late.

The kindness is hard to come by, Di Yinhao agreed to come down, and happily followed the old woman into the house.

Kou Jingzhi, who was acting as a fake referrer, remained silent, staring at Di Yinhao coldly like a wooden man. (This chapter is not finished!)

Chapter 46 Grandma finally shows up


His eyes looked like he was looking at a corpse.


On the other side, in Lanruo Temple, Yuan Yutang disguised himself as a handsome scholar by using the transformation of the fetus, and was pretending to read at night in a dilapidated house. The ghost leads out.

It's a pity that it's almost five o'clock, and reading the obscure articles by the cardamom lamp for half a night almost made him sick, but the beautiful female ghost didn't even show up.

Just when he began to wonder if he was overconfident, Yan Chixia suddenly pushed the door open with a serious face.

"Brother, I sense a demon spirit barrier appearing in the southwest!"


The old lady seemed to be very hospitable, and prepared a large table full of sumptuous food and wine to entertain Di Yinhao and the others.

Di Yinhao couldn't hold back the enthusiasm of the old lady, and was so drunk that his eyes were bleary, his whole body was as limp as mud, and he let a few delicate and beautiful maids help him away.

After Di Yinhao left, the smiling old woman's expression turned cold suddenly, she was serious about the darkness outside the house, and snorted coldly, "Two stinky Taoist priests who don't know the heights of heaven and earth, dare to meddle in my own business, they are really tired!"

Kou Jingzhi, who was as dull as a puppet, saw the old woman getting angry, and immediately fell silent, kneeling on the ground trembling in fright.

The old woman didn't even look at Kou Jing, and said in a concentrated voice, "Xiao Zhuo, Xiao Cui, you go and launch the Ten Thousand Demon Tree Spirit Formation, I want those two stinky Taoist priests to come and go!"

Before the words were finished, two beautiful jade shadows appeared out of thin air, and answered with lowered eyebrows.

After ordering the business, the old lady had time to visit Kou Jingzhi who was almost paralyzed from fright.

After gazing for a moment, the old woman suddenly smiled and stepped forward to help Kou Jingzhi up in person, but when she opened her mouth, she let out a rough male voice.

"Hehe, you've done a good job. From now on, you can serve me. As long as I'm still alive, you won't have to worry about losing your soul."

Kou Jingzhi let out a sigh of relief when he heard the words, and couldn't help sobbing with joy, "Thank you for your kindness, grandma, thank you for your kindness, I will wholeheartedly work for grandma, and I will die!"

What?

That female-male-voiced, androgynous old woman is actually grandma?

Hasn't Kou Jingzhi already become a ghost who acts as a minion?

"Hehe, then you should go and bring all your friends here. The Yuanyang of scholars is the most nourishing, and I want to stock up on more supplements." Grandma switched male and female voices back and forth strangely. laughed.

"Obey, I'll go right away, and I promise to bring back every single one of my colleagues and friends!" Kou Jingzhi didn't dare to say anything wrong, and took the order to leave in fear.

After Kou Jingzhi left, grandma said with a sinister smile, "I was worried about how to cooperate with Tai Ping Zhai, but I didn't expect someone to give me a pillow when I fell asleep. There are so many strong and strong scholars, it seems that I am lucky tonight~"

"Ha ha!!"


Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia flew forward above the canopy of the tree.

Yan Chixia led the way, followed by Yuan Yutang.

Just as Yuan Yutang passed a big banyan tree, a sudden change occurred.

Seeing countless thick tree roots hidden under the canopy bursting up suddenly, he didn't even have time to react, and instantly entangled him into a big cocoon.

Sensing the strange situation behind her, Yan Chixia hurriedly turned her head, and without even thinking about it, a thunderbolt from her palm suddenly blasted out.

"The sky and the earth are boundless, the universe borrows the law, Taiyi removes sins and slays monsters and protects the body, and Lei Gong helps me!"

Although there was no blood sacrifice method, the domineering thunder method should not be underestimated. The thunder that was the size of a water tank hit the cocoon that dragged Yuan Yutang quickly like a shooting star.

boom!

The air waves are flying, and the branches and leaves are like rain.

Yuan Yutang was shaken out in embarrassment and fell heavily to the ground. Error-free update@

Yan Chixia hurriedly landed beside him, and asked anxiously, "My dear brother, are you all right?"

Yuan Yutang's cheeks were flushed as if drunk, and he shook his head and replied, "No, it's okay, the boat almost capsized in the gutter, Brother Yan, be careful, this forest is weird!"

Without his reminding, Yan Chixia knew something was weird.

There was no warning before the sneak attack by the tree roots just now, as if it was an ambush deliberately set on the road they must pass.

. (This chapter is not finished!)

Chapter 46 Grandma finally shows up

This shows that their whereabouts have been discovered. _o_m

rustling~

At this time, a gust of night wind blew, the shadows of the trees whirled, the branches and leaves swayed, and there were shaking rustling sounds in all directions, like a shameful mockery of evil spirits.

Yan Chixia has a fiery temper, how can she bear this breath, she immediately spread her beard and hair, and roared angrily:

"Well, you demon forest, dare to look down on your grandpa Yan, and now you have to pay the price!"

"The sky and the earth are boundless, the universe borrows the law, the sword transforms into thousands, and the dragon roars to the nine heavens!"

Suddenly, an extremely strong mana erupted like mountains and seas, the sword box that Yan Chixia never left her body buzzed suddenly, the top cover was opened with a snap, and the gleaming golden Xuanyuan sword shot up into the sky, split in two in an instant, Two into four, four changes are endless.

Half of the night sky was illuminated by the gorgeous sword light as bright as day, and in the blink of an eye, an overwhelming dense sword net was formed.

Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded.

He is very familiar with this scene, isn't it the under-the-box trick that Yan Chixia used in "A Chinese Ghost Story 2" when she finally fought against Cihang Pudu?

I didn't expect to be able to do it with his current cultivation base. It seems that this guy has been hiding his clumsiness.

Seemingly feeling the power of Yan Chixia's move, the whole dense forest seemed to be boiling, and an erratic, ubiquitous shriek suddenly sounded:

"Smelly Taoist priest, we have no grudges and no enmity, so why come here to act wildly?"

"It's still too late for you to give up now. This seat is magnanimous, and you can treat it as if nothing happened. Once you make a move, there will be no room for maneuver between us!"

Yan Chixia sneered ferociously when she heard the words, and shouted angrily, "Bah! Is a mere evil spirit worthy of negotiating terms with your Grandpa Yan?"

"Are you admitting cowardice now? It's too late!"

"Excalibur breaks all evil, kill me!"

Suddenly, the dense sword net covering the sky fell like meteors, and the next moment an exaggerated mushroom cloud rose into the air. .

Chapter 46 Grandma finally shows up


		