

The waning moon is like a hook, and the moon is blooming.

In the dense forest-like wasteland, there is a man who proudly walks alone with a sword.

Yue Ming is twenty-one years old this year, and he is the seventh among the twelve most famous sons of the Three Star Temple.

Can young people still be called young if they are not aggressive or ambitious?

Even though someone disappeared for no reason, even though there was a lot of treachery here, he took the initiative to ask Ying to take the lead, vowing to leave a good evaluation in the heart of the master.

Although Yue Ming is not very old, he has a lot of experience in slaying demons and demons.

He has enough confidence to support his actions.

Huh~

A gust of howling night wind hit, and the weeds as tall as a person fluttered with the wind, rippling waves like water patterns.

Yue Ming seemed to be calm and unhurried, but secretly he had already raised his vigilance.

Years of experience in slaying demons and demons has long taught him that if he dares to underestimate any demons, he will undoubtedly bring about his own destruction. @*~~

After walking straight for nearly half an hour, everything was as usual.

Yue Ming, who had long been prepared to be attacked at any time, did not relax his vigilance, but became more dignified.

Inviting but not sending out, it means that the monster hidden in it has a very big plan.

If he capsizes in the gutter here, he won't even forgive himself.

Tightening the magic sword in his hand, Yue Ming put aside the distracting thoughts in his heart and continued to move forward.

Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he seemed to see a person standing in the grass twenty steps ahead to the left.

"Bold and monstrous, I can't bear to show my feet at last, look at the trick!"

Yue Ming's spirit froze, he held the sword in both hands and spun suddenly, a sword aura that was as clear as a crescent moon suddenly formed, and the weeds along the way were chopped off one after another, and shot away like waves.

Ghosts and creatures like Lanruo Temple, which are inaccessible to people, appear inexplicably, without even thinking about it, they must be transformed by monsters. Yue Ming is merciless in his actions, and he is determined to kill the danger in the cradle.

Kacha~

The sword energy imbued with majestic mana was like a rainbow, invincible. In the blink of an eye, it slashed at the figure hidden in the grass, split it in two, and then flew nearly ten feet away without losing momentum.

Yue Ming couldn't help but let out a cry of astonishment when the grass path that was thrown into the air and fell like rain fell.

"Clay figurines?"

That's right, the figure hidden in the grass is a clay figurine that has been eroded by the wind and rain so much that it can hardly be seen clearly.

call!

At this time, a strong wind blew up on the flat ground, and the bushes bowed their heads, revealing the hidden things.

When he saw the left and right clearly, Yue Ming's gloomy face suddenly became extremely ugly.

Within a radius of 50 feet, there were impressively dilapidated and incomplete clay figurines standing there, with their teeth and claws open, with different expressions, as if he had accidentally fallen into the encirclement of the clay figurines.

When things go wrong, there must be monsters. Yue Ming doesn't think that he is careless enough to ignore the surrounding environment.

All the way along the way, his spiritual consciousness has been shrouded within ten steps, and any disturbance cannot escape his vigilance. It is impossible for him not to know that there are so many clay figurines around him.

Since it is not my own problem, there is only one answer!

These clay figurines just appeared!

Although the situation suddenly became extremely bad, Yue Ming managed to maintain his composure, raising his guard while thinking quickly about countermeasures.

Those clay figurines seemed to be just clay figurines. Although Yue Ming was already surrounded heavily, they didn't move any further and stood quietly in place.

If the enemy does not move, I will not move. Without a proper strategy, Yue Ming dare not act rashly.

For a moment, the atmosphere on the scene seemed to freeze, and it was so oppressive that people could not breathe.

Time passed little by little, and the stalemate lasted almost a stick of incense. Yue Ming was sweating profusely, and his spirit was tense to the extreme.

Just when he was about to be unable to bear the pressure, he recklessly launched a strong attack.

in vain!

A piercing sound of bells was sent to his ears along with the wind, causing his already tense body to freeze suddenly, as if facing a formidable enemy.

Jingle bell, jingle bell~

In the deserted wilderness, the sudden ringing of the bell was particularly ear-piercing.

However, something even more terrifying happened in the next moment.

Click, click...

A burst of obscure and subtle.

The soft sound continued continuously, and then Yue Ming suddenly widened his eyes, watching the clay figurines of various shapes slowly start to move.

Yue Ming's teeth were almost shattered, and he made a deep clucking sound.

He had long wondered whether those clay figurines might be puppets driven by people, but he never expected the worst to happen.

That eerie ringtone was clearly a manipulation command!

Some warlocks colluded with demons and deliberately set up an ambush to kill them in the Three-Star Temple!

No wonder the teachers and uncles who took the lead in the battle had no news.

It's no wonder that the master's most restrained demonic fire can't destroy the wild land blocking the way. If this wild land is not manifested by demon magic but profound magic, then it can be explained.

He came to an astonishing conclusion, but Yue Ming couldn't be happy at all.

Tu Qiong discovered that when the black hands behind Gong Yu's conspiracy began to surface, it meant that their conspiracy was about to succeed.

The only thing Yue Ming thinks about now is not to risk his life to report to Master, but how to save his own life.

Tread Tread!

The resurrected clay figurines lined up neatly in three rows, and they did not know where to find a large number of broken spears and long knives, rolling towards Yue Ming like an army with strict military discipline.

Yue Ming hissed and gasped, the hairs all over his body stood on end.

Obviously the things in front of him were just some lifeless puppets, but it gave him an amazing sense of pressure to face the blade.

The army of clay figurines began to walk normally, then quickly started to trot, and finally evolved into a desperate charge.

The ground was trembling, the weeds were swaying, and hundreds of clay figurines charged with the potential of thousands of troops.

Such momentum, how could Yue Ming have the guts to fight against it.

Without even thinking about it, Yue Ming turned around and ran wildly.

At this time, how can I care about my face or reputation, if I don't run away and wait for death?

Jingle bell, jingle bell~

The erratic bell still sounded faintly like a gangrene attached to the bone, and the clay figurines chased Yue Ming frantically under the control of the bell.

Yue Ming's dead souls were all desperate, and he didn't have the courage to resist at all. He buried his head and ran around, only thinking about running for his life.

He had just collapsed through a big hole hidden in the grass, and Yue Ming hadn't had time to be happy when suddenly a muddy hand protruded from the grass behind him and grabbed his ankle tightly.

Caught off guard, Yue Ming fell straight to the ground, breaking his nose.

Enduring the soreness and nosebleeds, Yue Ming just wanted to struggle to get up, but at the same time, more than a dozen muddy hands protruded from the grass, firmly pressing him to the ground.

The pursuit from the rear was getting closer and closer, but Yue Ming couldn't move at all, he could only beg for mercy hoarsely, "Immortal Elder, please spare me, the villain is willing to drive the horse forward, and help the Immortal Elder to kill the old man Zigan!"

At the moment of life and death, in order to survive, Yue Ming did not hesitate to betray his god-respecting master.

It's a pity that his efforts did not get the desired return.

The response given by the black hands behind the scenes was that countless ferocious hyena-like clay figurines crazily rushed towards the grass where Yue Ming was.

For a moment, there were screams, weeds shook, and blood shot.

After a while, everything returned to calm, as if nothing had happened. .


		