

Yuan Yutang stood on the headless corpse of the white-haired giant ape, unable to calm down for a long time.

Reason told him that it was wrong to kill this big monster rashly.

It should be kept as a living torture information, to see what kind of medicine is sold in the gourd in the suddenly changing Lanruo Temple.

But when he thought of thousands of innocent people being eaten by this evil ape, he was blinded by anger and couldn't help but kill him.

This is the end of the matter, no matter how regretful it is, it will not help.

Let's help Baiyun as soon as possible.

I don't know if he can deal with the three-headed python that is not easy to mess with at first sight.

As soon as he turned around, Yuan Yutang saw Baiyun, covered in blood, stepping forward with clasped palms.

He was stunned, and soon he saw the huge body of three giant pythons lying down behind Baiyun, and they twitched and wriggled from time to time, apparently still breathing.

Bai Yun came to Yuan Yutang, his majestic face could not be concealed by the blood all over his body, and he sang calmly, "Amitabha, I have lived up to my expectations, I have subdued the evil spirits, and now the benefactor can do what you want."

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang's expression turned ferocious, he patted Baiyun's thin shoulder, and then walked towards the dying three-headed python.

The three-headed python's eyelids fluttered and it was out of breath. When it saw Yuan Yutang approaching with malicious intentions, it immediately gathered its last strength and tried to struggle to the death.

Just as he moved his body, countless golden Sanskrit characters appeared in the void in an instant, locking them firmly on the ground like chains of divine clouds, and screaming in pain like an electric shock.

"Don't waste your energy, anyway, you are dead, if you are willing to give me the answer I want, maybe I can give you a good time."

Yuan Yutang grinned, his white teeth gleaming with a deadly coldness in the dim environment.

The three-headed giant python shivered violently, his heart was enveloped by endless fear, driven by his survival instinct, he was about to beg for mercy, but when he looked past Yuan Yutang and saw the tragic condition of the white-haired giant ape, he was immediately furious , Said sternly, "Don't pretend to lie to me, even if labor and capital die, they will never get what you want!"

The corners of Yuan Yutang's mouth twitched a few times after hearing this, and he said with a sinister smile, "Well, you're a man, since you don't like toasts, then even if tears flow from this glass of fine wine, I have to pour it down for you."

The three-headed python heard something wrong from Yuan Yutang's murderous words, and immediately said in surprise, "What do you want to do? Kill me if you have the ability~"

Yuan Yutang shook his head slightly, rolled up his sleeves slowly, and said with a smirk, "I will kill you for sure, but, in the long history of my hometown, there have been many heinous tortures. A man made of iron can also turn into soft fingers after tasting it. I have always been curious about the authenticity of its effect, but I have not tried it, so I can’t taste what I want.”

After a pause, the fierce light in Yuan Yutang's eyes was fierce, and he sneered like a wild beast that chooses to eat people, "I hope your backbone can persist until I try all the tortures, ha ha."

The expression of the three-headed python changed dramatically. It didn't naively think that Yuan Yutang was just trying to scare him, and immediately screamed in horror, "No, no, I'll recruit. I'll recruit for everything you want to know. Please!" Let me go!"

Yuan Yutang smiled cruelly, "It's too late!"

"No~"


Bai Yun sat down cross-legged silently, his mana surged, and the horrific blood stains on his body were immediately stripped off, his whole body was refreshed. He quietly recited the Soul-Crossing Mercy Mantra, to cure the unjust souls who died in vain here, ignoring the heart-piercing waves coming from behind Lung cracking screams.

Not long after, the screams stopped.

Immediately afterwards, Yuan Yutang walked over with a sly smile on his face.

"Did you get it?" Bai Yun asked with a low eyebrow.

Yuan Yutang nodded, and sat on the opposite side of Baiyun. With trembling hands, he struggled to take out a cigarette from his pocket and put it on, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't generate Lihuo and lit the cigarette.

Just as he was about to scold his mother, Bai Yun sighed softly, flicked Bai Nennen's little finger, a cluster of flames flashed away, and then the cigarette Yuan Yutang was holding was lit.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath of the incense mist, feeling the strong nicotine

There was a turn in my heart, and I couldn't help being shocked.

However, the endless fatigue that followed struck like a torrent of mountains and seas, and the strength in his whole body seemed to be drained all at once, and his whole body was limp on the ground like a deflated ball, groaning and moaning endlessly.

Don't look at how majestic he was just now, he head-on and beheaded the big monster white-haired giant ape.

In fact, he has used the means of pressing the bottom of the box.

With the supernatural power of subduing the dragon and subduing the tiger plus the attack of gathering the dragon, it can be said that he has exerted his power to the extreme.

In addition, the white-haired giant ape has a simple mind, and he lost his squareness after being provoked and angered by his sudden increase in strength, so that he could not fight the enemy rationally.

If the white-haired giant ape was smarter and didn't choose to confront Yuan Yutang hard to avoid its edge, and survived the validity period of Yuan Yutang's sudden increase in strength, it would not be certain who would win in the end.

Even though Yuan Yutang had the last laugh, the price was not insignificant, and he was blessed by his patriarch if he didn't die from exhaustion.

Even so, he also suffered from serious internal injuries. If he uses his mana in vain in a short period of time, even if his tendons are not broken on the spot, his cultivation may be completely useless.

All in all, he's in big trouble.

"Amitabha, there is a monk in Baiyun Temple who is good at refining medicine, and the effect of the medicine he made is not inferior to that produced by the high-ranking Yaowang Valley. Please take it from the benefactor."

With a smile, Bai Yun took out an exquisite small porcelain bottle from the monk's robe, poured out a green crystal elixir, and fed it to Yuan Yutang's mouth.

Yuan Yutang opened his mouth and swallowed the elixir.

The elixir had just been taken, and the next moment he felt a domineering heat flow from his stomach bag to his limbs and bones. The sudden stimulation made him scream uncontrollably, and then he tilted his head, and passed out directly.

Bai Yun peacefully and quietly recited scriptures on the spot to protect Yuan Yutang.

Unknowingly, the lingering breeze seemed to stagnate, and a dark tide as thick as ink struck, and the oppressive atmosphere was everywhere.

Bai Yun frowned slightly, opened his eyes slowly, and saw shadows in the darkness, as if there were countless ghosts and ghosts lurking in it, waiting for an opportunity to move.

"My Buddha is merciful. You have been practicing endlessly. Don't ruin your precious life for a momentary greed. Why don't you leave?" Bai Yun persuaded with a pleasant face.

Although his attitude is very sincere, sometimes his pleasant face is equivalent to cowardice.

In the world of monsters, cowardice is the most deadly trait.

"Roar!"

"Howling~"

"Yeah~"

It seems that after observation, the white and fat Baiyun was judged as a harmless little sheep in the eyes of the demon.

All of a sudden, the group of monsters burst into flames, and countless monsters with teeth and claws rushed towards them howling.

Bai Yun sighed quietly, lowered his eyes, as if he couldn't bear to see the tragic scene that followed.

"Namo Amitabha!!"

Suddenly, the radiant Buddha light dispelled the darkness and purified evil spirits.


Yuan Yutang slowly opened his eyes, and found that the surroundings were still pitch black, but the tearing pain before he fell into a coma was no longer there.

Most of the withered and broken meridians also recovered. He subconsciously operated his mana and found that there was no obvious stagnation. He couldn't help but marvel, "Damn it, that elixir is really amazing, and the effect is so powerful..."

In the middle of speaking, he was about to ask Bai Yunduo for some pills to defend himself, but what he saw made him swallow all the words that came to his lips.

I saw that ten steps ahead had turned into a blood-colored swamp, the soil was covered by a thick layer of flesh and blood, stumped limbs and arms, patches of hair, mixed with soil like quicksilver wriggling blood pools, like a nightmare that only existed in hell.

A small figure stood in the bloody swamp, smiling at him with tears streaming down his face.

"Amitabha... After all, the little monk still didn't restrain his inner demons and violated the precept of killing..."

Yuan Yutang's heart constricted suddenly, his heart ached and he rushed up to hug Baiyun's blood-colored sculpture-like body, and comforted him softly:

"Don't panic, these monsters came because of me, so the source of all sins is attributed to me, so if the Buddha wants to punish, he can only punish me, and it has nothing to do with you."

close. "

Although Yuan Yutang took all the sins to himself, it could not untie Baiyun's knot in his heart.

Although Bai Yun is endowed with extraordinary talent and profound Dharma, he is still a child under the age of seven, and there is a limit to precocity.

It's not like he hasn't killed stubborn monsters before, but those were all last resorts.

Deeply influenced by Buddhism, he is as pure as a piece of paper, with a kind nature, and he can't bear to hurt his life even with ants, let alone kill demons who open their minds?

This time, in order to protect Yuan Yutang, he decisively chose the latter between friendship and faith, and went on a killing spree, slaughtering all the monsters who committed crimes in the future regardless of the reason.

How could such a heavy murder be easily persuaded by Yuan Yutang?

Yuan Yutang is also well aware that the more pure a person is, the easier it is to get into a dead end. He knows that this time he is the one who got Bai Yun down.

If Baiyun couldn't break through the evil barriers by himself, let alone a breakthrough in cultivation, he might not even be able to protect the Buddha's heart.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but vent his anger on the monsters here.

If it weren't for these pickled goods making waves, Baiyun would not have encountered this calamity.

It's okay to insult him, but if it affects his relatives and friends, then there's nothing to say.

It is absolutely necessary to kill all the monsters here!


At the same time, two figures appeared in the dilapidated building of Lanruo Temple.

One is an impressively beautiful nun who dedicated You Ling (Xiaoqian) to her grandmother, while the other is wearing a large cloak, so her face cannot be seen clearly.

The man in the cloak bowed his body, and said in an erratic tone, "Evil Xie, we'ghost compradors, have completed the task assigned by the national teacher, and we will watch your performance next."

The glamorous nun smiled like a flower and said, "Don't worry, I have never let down my friends in Tai Ping Zhai. The location and the harmony of people are all here. Next, when the weather is ripe, the curtain of the world of great struggle will be lifted and a new world will be ushered in." !"

Although the glamorous nun spoke impassionedly, the cloaked man remained unmoved and interrupted coldly, "We don't care what you want, but the agreed reward, you just honored a nine-yin girl, but in the transaction The most important person has not yet been handed over.”

"We are 'ghost compradors, and we serve the top ten ghost kings in the underworld. If you dare to play me, weigh the consequences yourself."

The glamorous nun didn't care about the menace of the cloaked man's bad tone, and smiled lightly, "Don't worry, it's not a problem when the meat is in the pot, and it's not a problem."

"The great Mangshan Ghost King, Master Mian Ran and Yuan Yutang, who never forgets the old demon of Black Mountain, I promise that I will hand over everything to you!"


		