

"Go over there!"

"There is a situation here!"

"The city gates are closed, pay attention to every city wall!"

Under the night, Nuoda's Wanwan County was in chaos.

Teams of murderous soldiers accompanied Zhenmensi's arrests and knocked on doors to search, regardless of whether they would disturb the people. The search and arrest was so powerful that it was almost unheard of.

Yuan Yutang stood on the top of the city tower with fierce eyes, taking a panoramic view of the messy city.

Although he is not a person who cares about everything, he has a bottom line.

Relatives and friends are his biggest antagonists.

The white-faced scholar who dared to attack Lan Xi was undoubtedly challenging his bottom line.

Despite being extremely angry, he still kept a calm head.

The noise made by Qian Duobao was indeed a bit abnormal.

Even if it was to help him vent his anger, even if it was to catch criminals, he wouldn't be so nervous.

The only possibility was that the prostitute was so important that Qian Duobao wanted to arrest him again at all costs.


In a dark and dirty alley, a group of soldiers with torches and knives hurried past.

No one noticed that there was a pair of eyes staring closely at them in the pitch black darkness.

It wasn't until the soldiers walked away that the man deep in the alley heaved a sigh of relief.

Zhou Yuanji, that is, the flower picker who was hunted all over the city, didn't care about the sewage flowing on the ground, and sat down exhaustedly, panting violently.

He never thought that the impromptu revenge would be like stabbing a hornet's nest.

The whole city is now like an iron bucket, let alone a living person like him, even a fly may not be able to fly out.

Leaning against the wall, Zhou Yuanji showed a trace of aftertaste while being angry.

I have to say, that girl is really a stunner.

Unexpectedly, there is such a beautiful and beautiful woman hidden in such a small and remote county town.

That voluptuous figure, that flabbily pink skin, and that exquisite pretty face all made Zhou Yuanji's index finger twitch.

However, such a great beauty could have a taste of Fangjin.

It turned out to be ruined by that brat again!

hateful!

The more he thought about it, the angrier he became, Zhou Yuanji slammed his fist against the wall, creating a big hole.

He was originally a farmer, and he was sexually lustful since he was a child. After he became sensible, he peeped at the neighbor's sister-in-law taking a shower, eating widow's tofu and other nasty things.

In the end, it was hard to fill the desire, and it directly developed into abusing women, even his own sister.

After the Dongchuang incident, in order to avoid the government's pursuit, he did not hesitate to jump off the cliff.

In the end, not only did he not die, but a dead bone was found under the cliff, and a book of magic skills called "Xi Chan Jing" was found under the dead bone.

It records a large number of sorcery of picking yin and replenishing yang, which is feared like a devil to ordinary people.

But for the lustful Zhou Yuanji, it was as if it was tailor-made.

Hiding under a barren cliff and practicing hard for three years, Zhou Yuanji finally made a small achievement in his evil skills, and he couldn't wait to get out of the mountain.

Perhaps it is a common problem of the common people in Dousheng. Once they gain power, they will become inflated and arrogant, claiming to be superior to others, and will not tolerate any disobedience.

Otherwise, Zhou Yuanji would not have escaped first after getting out of trouble, but chose to take revenge on Yuan Yutang immediately.

It's just one wrong step, and everything is lost.

After missing the best opportunity to escape, he has become a shackle.

If there is no miracle, arrest is inevitable.

Tread...

Just when Zhou Yuanji was worrying about how to get out,

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Suddenly, there was a sound of footsteps behind him, waking him up.

The reason why he chose this alley to hide was because the location is remote and there are no people living around it.

And no one has come near him since he came.

Now that someone is touching behind him without anyone noticing, doesn't it mean that that person is much stronger than him, and he can even take his life before he realizes it?

Thinking of this, he suddenly broke out in a cold sweat and dared not move.

Behind the invisible, he clearly felt that the person was standing behind him.

Time seemed to stop, and the atmosphere in the alley was extremely depressing.

The mysterious man was not in a hurry to attack Zhou Yuanji, and leaned over to blow in his ear.

Feeling the warm breath hitting his neck, Zhou Yuanji couldn't help but get goosebumps, as if he was standing on a cliff, and his body might be crushed to pieces at any time.

He didn't dare to run away, let alone move.

Since the man didn't act immediately, it meant that there was still room for rescue, and rash movements would only make the situation worse.

"Well, that's right, it's the breath of the little princess."

The mysterious man spoke suddenly, which shocked Zhou Yuanji.

Before he could speak, a white palm as warm as jade rested on Zhou Yuanji's shoulder.

Trembling, Zhou Yuanji turned his head to look, only to see an indistinguishable young and handsome face appearing beside his ear.

"Who did you contact just now, take me to see her."

"Otherwise, die!"


It was almost dawn, and nearly a thousand auxiliary soldiers were dispatched, and almost the entire county was searched, but Zhou Yuanji was still not found, which made Yuan Yutang and Qian Duobao extremely annoyed.

It is impossible for a living person to disappear out of thin air. Qian Duobao also asserted that Zhou Yuanji definitely did not teleport flying magic weapons or spells, which means that guy must still be laughing at the incompetence of officers and soldiers in a corner.

"Look for me again! Even if you scrape the ground three feet, find him!"

Qian Duobao was furious at his subordinates, and the county lord who hadn't closed his eyes all night didn't dare to fart.

After dismissing his subordinates, Qian Duobao apologized to Yuan Yutang with a wry smile, "The head of Yuan Yutang has neglected his duties, and his family members were frightened. If you want to kill or cut to pieces, you will do as you please."

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but smiled wryly when he heard the words. After all, no one wanted to see such a thing happen, and there was no point in blaming Qian Duobao, so he was about to say a few words of relief.

Suddenly felt that the corner of his clothes was being torn, and looking back, Lan Xi ran behind him at some point, coyly coyly like a little daughter-in-law.

help~

Yuan Yutang suddenly felt his head was as big as a bucket.

This heartless girl knew that she still thought she was the one who belittled her just now.

It was a matter of his daughter's family name, and Yuan Yutang couldn't tell the truth, so he could only admit that he was unlucky.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's face changed suddenly, he dodged in front of Lan Xi, and instantly entered a state of high alert.

Qian Duobao also reacted quickly, and was vigilant under the tower as if facing a big enemy.

I saw a figure walking slowly at the end of the dark street.

To be precise, they are no longer human beings.

The skin from the neck down was peeled off, the bloody muscles and blood vessels were exposed to the air, both palms disappeared, and the crotch was even more bloody. Every step left a clear bloody footprint.

Could that hideous face of severe pain be the long-lost flower picker Zhou Yuanji?

who is it?

Who was so cruel to Zhou Yuanji?

Why not kill Zhou Yuanji, but push him under the city?

Is it a demonstration, or something else?

In an instant, countless questions filled the minds of Yuan Yutang and Qian Duobao.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Fortunately, they don't need to worry for a long time, and the doubts will be solved immediately.

"Your Highness, I have found you."

A young man in Tsing Yi who was so handsome that he couldn't tell the difference between male and female appeared under the tower out of nowhere, and saluted someone respectfully.

The person being greeted was Lan Xi, the silly girl behind Yuan Yutang?

Ever since the appearance of the young man in Tsing Yi, Yuan Yutang's hair has exploded.

That person gave him the feeling that he was like a prehistoric beast, extremely dangerous.

Lan Xi was also dumbfounded, hiding behind Yuan Yutang like a ghost, not daring to show her head.

In the eyes of the young man in Tsing Yi, it seems that only Lan Xi exists, and the rest are like stones on the side of the road to him, not even interested in taking a look.

"Your Highness, little princess, the outside world is dangerous, people's hearts are unpredictable, and you are too simple. You should go back to China with your subordinates as soon as possible, otherwise the ancestors will have to worry again."

With a casual snap of his fingers, Zhou Yuanji, who was struggling in pain under the tower, exploded into a cloud of blood mist.

"Your Highness, I have already punished that adulterer for daring to defile your noble and flawless jade body. Please calm down."

Following the young boy, he walked towards Lanxi,

"stop!"

Before Yuan Yutang could react, Qian Duobao moved first, stopped in front of the young boy solemnly, and warned sternly, "Daxia town magician Ye Diaolang is here, no one else can come near!"

Unexpectedly, the young and young Lang ignored Qian Duobao and continued to move forward, not paying attention to Qian Duobao at all.

"How dare you, let's fight!"

Being so ignored by others, Qian Duobao immediately worked hard, and with a thought, his powerful mana surged instantly, and countless golden characters appeared in the void, instantly forming a golden dragon, and swiftly killing the young man in Tsing Yi.

Realizing that the golden dragon is not easy to mess with, the young man in Tsing Yi frowned slightly, and sneered disdainfully, "An ignorant mortal dares to do something to me?"

"Linghu Dharma Aspect!"

Before the words were finished, the violent momentum erupted in an instant, causing the entire air to explode. In the endless air waves, a huge three-tailed fox figure suddenly jumped out, and swallowed the incoming golden dragon in one bite.

When the spell was broken, Qian Duobao's eyes widened suddenly, and he spurted out a mouthful of blood with a wow, and his whole body was blown away.

"You, are you a vixen?" Qian Duobao exclaimed in disbelief.

"What? A vixen?" Yuan Yutang was also taken aback.

According to legend, vixens, both men and women, are handsome and extraordinary.

The young boy is so beautiful that he is obviously very similar to the legendary vixen.

Furthermore, it is recorded in the book that after a fox becomes wise, it will grow a tail every hundred years, and each tail has a unique magical power.

When the nine tails are complete, it will evolve into a supernatural nine-tailed sky fox, killing immortals and Buddhas is just a matter of time.

The body protector of the young man in Tsing Yi has three tails, which not only means that he has three hundred years of Taoism, but also means that he has comprehended three unique magical powers.

When the young man in Tsing Yi heard the word vixen, his expression changed instantly, he gritted his teeth and said, "Dare to slander the noble fox fairy as a vixen, use your life to make up for your mistakes!"

"Charming Purgatory!"

In an instant, one of the tails of the huge spirit fox dharma form burst out a cloud of blue light, covering Qian Duobao with lightning speed.

Yuan Yutang heard ghosts crying and howling in the blue light, and Qian Duobao's pitiful screams from time to time, which showed the supernatural power of this fox.

After getting rid of the annoying Qian Duobao, the young man in Tsing Yi regained his composure and walked towards Yuan Yutang and the others with an elegant smile.

Lan Xi was no longer as carefree as before, trembling with fright, hiding behind Yuan Yutang and not daring to show her head.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, took a step forward, and shouted without doubt:

"If you want to take Lanxi away, you have to step over my corpse!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		