

What, a living sacrifice? "

Hearing Yuan Yutang's words, Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng were immediately taken aback.

When it comes to the most unbearable and inhuman habit in human history, there is nothing like living sacrifices.

It is an extremely stupid way to please the world with people. Although this bad habit has been banned by the government for thousands of years, it can't stand the wisdom of the people. There are too many foolish sons and grandchildren. Some selfish desires that cannot be realized have been repeatedly prohibited, especially the more backward the areas are, the more they have the soil for survival. It has to be said that it is a tragedy in the history of human development.

Both Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng were smart people, and they immediately guessed the truth from the faltering expression of the boat boss.

It must be this sudden flood that revived those magic sticks who make a living out of demagoguery.

"Boatman, there is no need to detour, just drive towards the sacrificial priest." Yuan Yutang ordered with a blank expression.

"Ah, this..." The boss of the boat had a look of embarrassment on his face, but he couldn't help being stared at by Yuan Yutang's cold eyes, so he could only succumb.

As the boat approached, the people on the bow could clearly see a large shed like a stage set up on the opposite bank, a large altar table filled with melons, fruits and vegetable skins, and barking live animals tied to one side. Hanging the color is like a very festive posture.

There were a large number of foolish women and fools kneeling under the stage, each of them kowtowed devoutly, chanting unknown prayers.

Then there was a middle-aged man wearing a yin and yang Taoist robe with a sense of immortal demeanor who came up to the stage proudly, picked up the mahogany sword and slapped it on the altar. The mahogany sword seemed to be glued to stick more than a dozen yellow talismans, and then the middle-aged Taoist Twitching and dancing like a ghost upper body, muttering nonsense scriptures loudly:

"Oh, this seat is the Great Immortal of the Three Immortals Cave True Temple. Today, I invite the Supreme Lord, the Yuanshi Tianzun, and the Master Tongtian. Hurry up to this altar to listen to the order and present the tribute to the Bianhe Shuijun Dragon Palace. To quell floods and benefit the common people, wow, hurry like a law~”

Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng looked at each other dumbfounded, and shouted in their hearts at the same time, good guy!

Could it be that the liar on the shore lost his mind and went crazy?

Dare to rebelliously order the Taoist Supreme Sanqing True Ancestor?

Are you really afraid that even the old man will be blinded by a lightning strike and kill him?

Yuan Yutang was always as gloomy as water.

After the magic stick finished reading the long patchwork of scriptures, he shook his hand suddenly, raised his eyebrows and raised his eyes, and shouted, "Here!"

As soon as the words fell, all the yellow talismans stuck to the mahogany sword ignited without fire.

This miraculous hand immediately poked the cool points of the foolish men and women, shouting the godly power of the immortal master, the divine power of the immortal master.

Some emotional people even fainted with excitement, and their attitude was a hundred times more dedicated than professional fans on earth.

The complexions of Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng gradually turned ugly.

Of course they know that this is just white phosphorus burning paper for charlatan tricks, but those ignorant people who are blinded by lard will eat this trick.

The magic stick shook the burnt ashes, put the mahogany sword behind his back, picked up the jug, gulped down the bad wine, and spit it out again, causing the big red candle on the table to burst into flames like a fire dragon.

It was another wonderful trick, which directly made those foolish men and women in the audience feel heartbroken.

At this time, let alone coaxing their money, even if they were immediately pulled to rebel, it would not be difficult at all.

The magic stick that can deceive people's hearts has always been a serious problem for the court, so once it is discovered, it will usually provoke a thunderous blow.

However, the profit of cutting leeks is too great, and countless magic sticks are still springing up like mushrooms after rain, and it is impossible to ban them.

Shen stick is very satisfied with the effect of his performance and the reaction of the believers in the audience.

Enough warming up, it's time to serve the hard dishes.

Slightly calming down the turbulent breath, the magic stick shouted sanctimoniously, "The auspicious time has come, please come to the altar to worship heaven and earth!"

At this time, there seemed to be loud cries from the audience, and Sun Yi and the others clearly saw two crying middle-aged men and women being firmly restrained by others.

Soon four big men came out of the crowd, carrying two boys and girls of seven or eight years old in colorful clothes with frightened faces on their shoulders.

The two children burst into tears, kept crying for their parents, and went home crying, but they were young and weak, how could they escape from the hands of the big men imprisoned on the left and right, and dragged them onto the stage.

The god stick turned a blind eye to the misery of the two children, waved his hands and pretended to be serious, and said, "Please ask Ji Tong to worship the heaven and the earth."

Then the two children were forcibly held down by the big guys and kowtowed three times.

The magic stick said again, "Ji Tong, please thank your parents and elders."

When the big men heard the words, they dragged the two children and kowtowed three times to the audience.

"The ceremony is over, please invite Jitong to board the ship and prepare to go down to the Dragon Palace to serve Master Suicune~"

There was already a small boat waiting on the shore, and the big men obeyed the order to escort the two children onto the boat.

"My sons and daughters, I beg you to spare them. If you want to sacrifice, please take our husband and wife as a sacrifice. We are willing to serve Master Suicun instead of our children~" The middle-aged couple who were firmly restrained saw that a pair of children were about to die. Huang Quan, crying so much is called a heartbreak.

"Nonsense!" the magic stick scolded coldly, "do you think everyone is lucky enough to serve Lord Shuijun? It is a great honor for your child to be chosen. No matter how many people look forward to it, you can't wait for it. Don't know what is good or bad. !"

The foolish men and women in the audience chimed in and said:

"That's right, big brother and sister-in-law of the Li family, don't delay yourself. You can be chosen by Master Shuijun to serve him, but it's a good thing for your ancestors to smoke. Master Shuijun will definitely bless your family with great wealth~"

"That's right, I want the children in my family to serve Master Suicune, but I can't stand Master Suicune's disdain, so where can I reason?"

"Brother and sister-in-law of the Li family, let's be more careful, you are still young, hurry up and have a few more babies, what about it? If you offend Sui Jun and make a big fuss, can you bear the responsibility? "

Usually, the cold words from the folks in the village are like sharp swords, piercing the hearts of the Li family and his wife one after another, which immediately makes them feel icy cold.

Could it be that this is human nature?

"Father, mother, come and save my sister and me, the child doesn't want to die~"

The boy cried until his heart broke, but unfortunately, he failed to get mercy.

The folks are determined to sacrifice their siblings to pray for the illusory peace.

The god stick was calm on the surface, but he laughed in his heart.

This is not the first time he has done this kind of immoral thing, nor will it be the last time, because the profit is too rich.

The harvest from this trip is enough for him to spend at least half a year.

As for whether he would feel guilty for the unjust death of two innocent children?

Hey, nonexistent!

These days, untouchables live like dogs. Every day, a large number of homeless refugees starve to death and freeze to death. Anyway, they will die sooner or later. It is better to die early and reincarnate early to avoid the crime.

Therefore, the god stick has the utmost peace of mind.

"You have done so many outrageous things, won't your conscience really hurt?"

Just as he was proud, a ghostly voice suddenly sounded from behind the magic stick, which startled him a lot.

Turning around quickly, the magic stick saw Yuan Yutang appearing on the stage at some point.

Originally, the magic stick was still secretly nervous, but when he saw Yuan Yutang's frail and small body, he immediately felt relieved, and cursed arrogantly, "Where is the wild boy, do you understand the rules, and the altar of sacrifices is also casually messed up by cats and dogs? "

"Come on, let me cut him off!"

Realizing that Yuan Yutang might be here to make trouble, the magic stick immediately pre-empted the attack, intending to control the person before making another plan.

Immediately, seven or eight men with hideous appearances rushed out of the crowd, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang without saying a word.

These are all ruffians hired by the god stick, and they just hope to make a living with the god stick.

Now that Yuan Yutang is openly ruining the situation, isn't it quite ruining their jobs?

Blocking people's money is like killing their parents, so I have nothing to say, I will throw this guy into the water and feed the fish later!

Yuan Yutang turned a deaf ear to the men with malicious intentions, just stared at the group of ignorant people in the audience, and said coldly, "Are you all taking chances, thinking that things don't happen to you, so you can feel at ease? Will there be another drought or flood tomorrow? Will we have to push the scapegoat to die again?"

The idiots who were aggressive and wanted to question their crimes immediately looked at each other in blank dismay when they heard the words. These words seemed to have touched their hearts, and their anger gradually faded away, and they dared not refute.

"You people are hopeless!"

At this moment, Yuan Yutang felt angry like never before.

People want to vent when they are angry, and those accomplices who don't know how to live or die are undoubtedly the best punching bag.

"Hey, man, give me a punch!"

The leader was a strong man with a height of seven feet, with big arms and round waist, and a fleshy face. His fist the size of a clay pot smashed viciously at Yuan Yutang's face with the sound of howling wind.

This punch was powerful and heavy, and it was clearly coming for death.

Yuan Yutang grinned coldly, and punched straight out.

Seeing this, the brawny man burst into anger, and he used all his strength to strike out. He wanted to smash the fist of that innocent little boy alive!

It's just that when the two fists collided, the evil thoughts in the strong man's heart disappeared, and his face changed drastically.

"Ah~"

Amidst the horrific cries of pain, the entire fist of the strong man was actually smashed to pieces, and the flesh and bones flew around. The scene was extremely shocking.

Yuan Yutang was still puzzled, he flew up and kicked on the chest of the brawny man who was hugging the broken arm and screaming miserably, and immediately gasped him into the water like a cannonball. jj.br>

Before stopping, Yuan Yutang rushed into the crowd in a flash.

In just a moment, those hooligans who are used to fighting and fighting collectively performed trapeze, and they were all thrown into the water.

"you you you……"

The god stick looked terrified, pointed at Yuan Yutang and couldn't speak a complete sentence intermittently.

Yuan Yutang came to Shengun expressionlessly, and said coldly, "Aren't you familiar with Master Shuijun? If so, there is no need to bother the two children to learn from scratch. I will send you to serve Shuijun." Old man!"

"don't want……"

The souls of the god sticks were all dead, and Yuan Yutang grabbed his collar and fell into the water only halfway through the words of begging for mercy.

Offering sacrifices continuously today, the fish and shrimp in the water must be able to fill their stomachs.

Yuan Yutang didn't want to say a word to those selfish ghosts in the audience, so he returned to the boat immediately after killing the Shengun group.

Inexplicably, he suddenly felt disheartened.

world……

It doesn't seem worth it...

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 6 The world is not worth reading for free.




		