

Zheng Liren was a poor scholar with a poor family and no father or mother. Because he had practiced boxing and kicking with a widower in the village for several years in his early years, he was quite strong, so he could barely make ends meet by doing coolies.

Unlike ordinary Confucianists who can only study hard, Zheng Liren has made many friends since he was a child, and he is straightforward, so he has a reputation of "timely rain" in the village.

Tonight Zheng Liren and his good friend Wu Sen sold half a catty of bad wine and chatted over salt water peanuts.

The flagon was gradually empty, and the aftertaste of bad wine was strong, both of them were drunk and hazy.

"Uh~" Wu Sen hiccupped, blushing and murmured, "This shit is making life harder and harder for people to live on. Why do you think those people are so greedy? Today's tax will be tomorrow's." Donate, this is no longer collecting money, it is killing our common people!"

Zheng Liren smirked when he heard the words, shook his head and muttered, "Being an official is not making decisions for the people, it is better to go home and grow sweet potatoes... This cliché warning has long since become nonsense. Which official is not corrupt now? They spend a lot of money It’s really worth the money, why don’t you let people get their money back?”

"Besides, the current officialdom is full of smog and corruption. If you are not greedy, how can you get along with others? If you are not greedy, how can you get promoted? Even if you have extraordinary skills, you can't be an official and you can't get real power. It's useless. What kind of ambition are you talking about?"

Wu Sen angrily drank the last bit of residual wine in the bowl, and the more he thought about it, the more angry he became, and he snorted angrily, "I'm stupid, I can't tell you, but this world shouldn't be like this? Should be bullied, those bad embryos with sores and pus should be rich and rich? Go to the world of the mother!"

In this way, the two accused me of the injustice of the world.

It was originally to express depression after drinking, but unexpectedly, the more I talked, the more angry I became.

Until Zheng Liren inadvertently said a word that added fuel to the fire, directly rewriting the fate of the two.

"Hey, this world is really worse than a dog. Sometimes I think, why not learn from those uprising heroes who were dissatisfied with the tyranny in history? It's so urgent, the man directly overturned Daxia and changed the world!"

Scholar, more or less have the stink of high mouth.

It's just that the speaker has no intention, but the listener has the heart.

Zheng Liren talked eloquently for a long time, but he didn't see his old friend cheering him on. When he looked back, he almost woke up from the wine.

I saw Wu Sen staring straight at him without saying a word, his small eyes were so hot, it was like a strong man who has been hungry for many years suddenly saw a beautiful woman without clothes, and Zheng Liren was so scared that he covered his buttocks .

Just when the atmosphere was getting more and more awkward, Wu Sen suddenly said.

"Old Zheng, let's reverse it!"

Just now Zheng Liren was still hesitating how to persuade his old friend to turn his back on the straight, but he couldn't hear clearly in a trance, so he asked again in a daze, "You, what are you talking about?"

Wu Sen's eyes were red, he stared at Zheng Liren and said word by word, "I-said-we-we-re-re-reversed-!!"

"You..." Zheng Liren was so drunk that he was scared away, and he regained his composure for a long time. Instead of answering first, he rushed out of the window to see if there was anyone outside.

Rebellion is one of the most serious crimes in the world. As long as people hear it, no matter if it is true or false, they may be punished by the three clans.

After making sure that no one was eavesdropping outside, Zheng Licai felt relieved. He rushed to Wu Sen, grabbed his collar and lifted him up. He suppressed his voice and growled, "Are you crazy? How many drinks?" Don’t you know what your last name is? Do you want to rebel? How many heads do you have enough to chop off?”

Wu Sen was calm and scary, and the enthusiasm in his eyes made Zheng Liren palpitate, he said in a calm tone, "I'm not crazy, since the court doesn't treat us people as human beings, why can't we turn against Te Niang? Don’t you usually boast that you are good at fighting injustice? How many people are living in dire straits and waiting for you to save them, do you want to turn a blind eye?”

"I..." Zheng Liren was completely speechless, let go of Wu Sen and fell to the ground.

Wu Sen didn't stop there, the words in his mouth pierced Zheng Liren's heart like a sharp sword.

"The emperor is extravagant, and the corpses of all the officials eat a vegetarian meal. Now it's time for nothing to be destroyed. You have read so many sage books. Did the sages teach us to be cattle and horses with peace of mind and let the rich bully us?"

"Chen Sheng and Wu Guang were dissatisfied with the tyranny of the Qin Dynasty, and they rose to prominence through the ages. Now is a good time to change the world. Why can't we learn from them?"

"Ask yourself in your heart, is the Great Xia bestowing on you more favors, or more sufferings?"

"If you are afraid, you can go to the government to report me, I, Wu Sen, will die without regret... If your blood is not cold, your wisdom is not faint, and the guy in your crotch is still there, then lead us and speak out for the common people! "

Every word of these words made Zheng Li's heart flustered.

Wu Sen didn't urge him, he just sat on the bench and ate peanuts.

Anyway, he was going all out, and what happened tonight would definitely come to an end, and there was absolutely no possibility of fooling around.

Just when Zheng Liren was hesitating, a young man suddenly broke into the door, opened his mouth and shouted, "Brother, it's okay, then Master Liang took someone to dig your family's ancestral grave overnight!"

Suddenly, Zheng Liren's eyes turned red when he heard this.

The old man of the Liang family was rich and unkind, and ran rampant in the village. Recently, he didn't know which slander he had listened to. He insisted that his ancestral tomb had excellent geomantic omen, and that he would be a prince and general in the future.

It was because he was about to be cornered by Master Liang that he went to his old friend Wu Sen to drink and complain.

Who would have thought that Mr. Liang acted so domineeringly that he dug his grave without waiting for an agreement.

Daxia was deeply influenced by Confucianism, the rites and laws of his ancestors were greater than the sky, and digging people's graves was worse than killing their parents. How can we bear it?

Like the last straw that broke the camel's back, Zheng Liren gave up his heart completely, and when he returned to the house, he picked up the wrought-iron spear left by the widower after his death and rushed out.

"You bitch, Mr. Liang, the old dog is sticking his nose in the face. The days of labor and management are over. Go and stab those bastards to death first, and then go to the government office to kill all those corrupt officials, and make money for the bandits!"

Wu Sen was overjoyed when he heard the words. Although this buddy was a bit indecisive, once a decision was made, ten bulls would not be able to pull it back.

Then be anti-Tianniang!

Wu Sen picked up the bench and chased the young man who was still messed up after kicking, shouting without looking back.

"Quickly summon the brothers, let's kill officials and revolt together with my brother!"

The young man trembled with fright.

My mother, do you play so much?

Frightened and terrified, the young man soon showed a frenzied expression.

These days, as long as they are low-level people, they will not be bullied by the rich in the government. They suffer from no one to take the lead, so they can only live in humiliation. Now that someone has started, how can there be any reason not to follow?

Immediately, the young man rushed to summon his brothers!

However, in the early morning of the next day, Yuan Yutang and others were blackmailed by unscrupulous officials in Chaoguan, and the overbearing government servants wanted to hurt Xiexi, which was really intolerable.

After killing the culprit, Yuan Yutang coldly issued an order, "Sun Yi, Changsheng, kill all the pickled goods on board!"

The eunuch Yinyi and the dozen or so yamen servants were dumbfounded.

I have to say that getting used to this thing is really bad.

The eunuchs and yamen servants have been exploiting the people for a long time, and they have long been accustomed to being arrogant and arrogant. They suddenly met a stabbing head and killed people in front of them. How could they swallow this breath.

"Bold!" The eunuch screamed with a gong-like voice, "Our family can tell at a glance that you are not good people, and as expected, you are all traitors! Come, kill them all for our family !"

The yamen servants drew their swords and rushed over in an instant.

Of course they knew that the eunuch was talking nonsense, and they also knew that these people were not traitors.

But does it matter?

It does not matter!

From the moment they dared to kill the yamen servants, they were doomed to die without a doubt.

If you kill them all, you can divide up their property, this is the real fat job~

Seeing that the sword was on the verge of breaking out, the captain of the boat who was so frightened that he was at a loss what to do, jumped into the water to escape, and even gave up the boat that was content with his life.

Seeing this, the Yinyi eunuch looked slightly relieved.

This is the attitude that ordinary people should have, dare to kill officials?

Do you really think it doesn't hurt to cut people with a knife?

Chen Changsheng slowly drew his sword out of its sheath, and without saying a word, he faced the group of tiger-like yamen servants.

Hehehe is not only Yuan Yutang's darling, but also his pistachio.

If you dare to hurt Xiexi, then pay the price with your life!

choke!

"Ah~"

The sword light criss-crossed, screaming incessantly.

Without Sun Yi's action at all, Chen Changsheng slaughtered these wine bags and rice bags like chopping melons and vegetables.

Before the frightened eunuch could ask for mercy, Chen Changsheng took his head off with a sword.

Chen Changsheng was drenched in blood, and stood on the bloody deck waiting for Yuan Yutang to speak.

Yuan Yutang covered his beeping eyes, and said with lingering anger, "Some people shouldn't live in this world. Since they have done everything, they should just do it."

"Changsheng, you steer the boat back and smash the last three bills to me."

"Sun Yi, you go by land, and if you see any banknotes, I will burn them all!"

"I'll go to the yamen and talk to the official!"

Both Chen Changsheng and Sun Yi had no objection when they heard the words, not to mention Yuan Yutang, even they were absolutely unwilling to let it go.

Anyway, I have done it all, of course I must do it absolutely, otherwise will I keep the enemy waiting for revenge?

The soldiers were divided into three groups, and Yuan Yutang personally led Xiexi to the county government.

But when Yuan Yutang came to the county seat, he was shocked by what he saw.

In broad daylight, the county town was on fire everywhere, and the shouts of killing were loud, and the gate of the city had long been blocked by ordinary people fleeing in a hurry.

Yuan Yutang used the power of wind and rain, directly crossed the city wall and entered, and found that the city was already in chaos.

Some chased and killed officers and soldiers with crude weapons, some took advantage of the fire to loot, and some took advantage of the situation. It seems that the ugliest side of the world is fully reflected at this moment.

You don't need to think about it, it is clearly a sign of riots.

If you do many injustices, you will die yourself. Yuan Yutang came here to find bad luck, so he didn't have the time to help quell the riots.

All the way to the county government office, I happened to meet a group of murderous young people dragging a corpse wearing a county magistrate's mansion out of the raging county government office, and the two sides met immediately.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 2 Chaos Thieves is free to read.




		