

August 15th is a major festival for family reunion throughout the year.

But in Xuanmen, this day has a special meaning.

In this world, there is no doubt that all the sects of warlocks in the world are born out of Taoism.

The most important core idea of ​​Taoism is the universe of yin and yang.

The sun is Yang and the moon is Yin.

When the moon is full of yin overflowing, it means that the yin energy in the world has reached the most subversive state.

Therefore, on the night of the full moon, it is a great opportunity for transformation for demons and ghosts born with Yin Qi.

Seven days later, it was the full night of August and fifteenth.

If we can't destroy the conspiracy of the Lanruo Temple demons to hold the Encountering Demon Ceremony now, after seven days of preparation, I'm afraid there will be no chance again.

Yuan Yutang and Baiyun are determined to turn the tide and thwart the demon's conspiracy.

"Li Huo Burning Heaven Sword!"

In the bitter drinking, a meteor-fast Lihuo sword qi disappeared in a flash, and then a bobcat monster at the peak of the monster realm was torn apart.

After killing the enemy blocking the way, Yuan Yutang was panting like a cow, his whole body was drenched in cold sweat, and he had to hold on to a tree to stand still.

He no longer remembered how many demons he had killed.

I was so tired that it was extremely difficult to even move a finger.

The white cloud beside him was not much better than him, the pure white monk's robe was already stained with blood, and he no longer had any extra magic power to make this spotless Dharma appearance.

The two stood side by side, their moods sank to the bottom.

God knows how many monsters are hiding in it, like mushrooms after rain, emerging one after another, killing them endlessly.

Tremblingly, Yuan Yutang took out a crumpled cigarette from his pocket, lit it tremblingly, and forcibly refreshed himself.

Bai Yun hesitated for a moment, then said hesitantly, "Benefactor, why don't we retreat first? The green hills are left without worrying about no firewood. With the strength of the two of us alone, we may not be able to achieve the goal. Why don't we get out in time and tell our comrades in the world to help us?" fist?"

Yuan Yutang's expression changed when he heard the words, but after thinking for a moment, he shook his head heavily, looked solemnly at Dongfang where the monster power was surging and was moving all day long, and then he said bitterly, "No way...it's rare to have two free powerful thugs to help us now Attracting firepower... If I miss the present, I'm afraid I will pay ten times the price and may not have the current effect..."

"Furthermore..." Yuan Yutang hesitated for a moment, and smiled wryly, "It's rare that you really think that after you escape, you just need to tell the truth to the public, raise your arms, and you will be able to follow like a cloud?"

Bai Yun was stunned for a moment, and asked puzzledly, "The ritual of encountering demons reverses yin and yang, and strange demons descend into the world to harm the common people. Are these two righteous reasons not enough to impress the virtuous warlocks to come to help?"

Yuan Yutang's eyes were cold and stern, he ruthlessly stubbed out the cigarette butt, and said grimly, "Not enough!"

"Why?"

Bai Yun was completely confused now.

This matter is related to the stability of the world order and the safety of the common people. Shouldn't it be everyone's responsibility?

Why did the taste change in Yuan Yutang's mouth?

Yuan Yutang smiled helplessly, "Although you are born with wisdom and proficient in Buddhism, you don't understand human nature."

Baiyun puffed up his face in disbelief, and waited angrily for Yuan Yutang's next words.

"I didn't mean to hurt you..." Yuan Yutang muttered in a low voice, "But when it comes to human nature, I've never been hesitant to guess at the worst."

"Although warlocks have great supernatural powers, don't forget that they are also human beings before transcending their ascension!"

"People are selfish and self-interested. This has nothing to do with morality. It is purely human instinct. Not every warlock has the ambition to save the common people. On the contrary, they are more selfish. !"

After a pause, Yuan Yutang said expressionlessly, "Don't you see that the devil fetus has been in the world forever since Guo Bei's death, and no one has dealt with it?"

As if struck by lightning, Baiyun looked at Yuan Yutang in disbelief and was speechless.

Yuan Yutang ignored Baiyun's strange gaze, and continued to say, "I don't believe that no one in Daxia can see the strange demon.

Hidden dangers, I don't believe that such a big Shannan Road will not be able to breed a famous family, let alone believe that all the magicians in the world are helpless. "

"Existence is reasonable, after eliminating all the impossible, what is left is the only answer!"

Yuan Yutang's face turned ferocious in vain, and he said word by word:

"The answer is that those so-called high-ranking people and the imperial court have long abandoned the people in Guobei County, including the entire Shannan Road!"

"Even if you know that there is a catastrophe here, you still turn a blind eye!"

"If you want to deal with the strange demons, you will definitely die and injure countless people. No one is willing to fill this bottomless pit with their precious lives, so they simply give up the people here!"

"This is what I want to say about human nature!"

Bai Yun was dumbfounded, unable to calm down for a long time.

Sometimes the so-called beauty in the world is often covered with a fig leaf. When the fig leaf is torn off, the exposed truth will stink.

Yuan Yutang felt that it was almost time to rest, so he patted Baiyun's shoulder, which was sluggish, and staggered forward.

"So, maybe we are finally able to save millions of innocent people in Shannando. If we don't seize the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity of the demon fox and the demon dog to bite the dog to destroy the conspiracy, we may regret it for the rest of our lives in the future."

"Under such circumstances, how can you let me back down?"

Baiyun woke up like a dream, looking at Yuan Yutang's thin and thin back, inexplicably felt his nose sore, quickly put aside distracting thoughts in his mind, and followed unswervingly.


The due east of Lanruo Temple has long been turned into a terrifying battlefield, and several big monsters who are against the sky are fighting each other in an earth-shattering manner.

The two Qingqiu foxes come from the same line, they cooperate with each other tacitly, and their complementary combat effectiveness is definitely not one plus one equals two.

However, there is still another mountain, their strength is astonishing, and the beauty of the ancient alien species is even better than the bee girl, and there are two big monsters, the Swamp Iron Crocodile and the Sand Demon, who are injured but still have good combat power.

So until now, the battle situation is still in a stalemate, and it is difficult to tell the outcome in a short time.

The blue demon fox turned into an afterimage, slammed into a small hill, and instantly knocked the huge swamp iron crocodile into the air.

The swamp iron crocodile let out a wail, and the scales and armor all over its body were instantly torn apart, and the chaotic tentacles on its body snapped off one after another, and it flew back like a mountain collapsed.

Although the swamp iron crocodile is not strong, it couldn't stand being harassed by her when it was trying its best to deal with the alluring bee girl. Therefore, the green-gold fox's eyes flashed fiercely, and it seized the excellent opportunity created by its companions. It broke, and shot at the retreating swamp iron crocodile like a thunderbolt.

This miraculous move was completely beyond the expectations of the sand demon and the beautiful bee girl, and by the time they reacted and wanted to stop it, it was already too late.

He could only watch with tearful eyes as the giant tail nailed the swamp iron crocodile to the ground.

The swamp iron crocodile spewed blood wildly, feeling the deadly threat, and all the souls of the dead immediately cried out for help:

"Ah, help, Brother Sha, Tibetan Flower Master, help me~"

He only shouted half a word, and saw that the huge arrow-like tail that pierced the ground suddenly burst into a blue flame, swallowing the swamp iron crocodile in an instant.

The blue fire shadow erupted violently and extinguished abruptly, disappearing in a flash.

After Hokage disappeared, the swamp iron crocodile nailed to the ground also disappeared without a trace, leaving only a large piece of liquid rock that was burnt out of glass.

Both the beautiful bee girl and the sand demon were taken aback by this shocking scene.

"This, is this one of the legendary magical powers of the first nine-tailed sky fox in ancient times... the sun tail arrow?" the beautiful bee girl asked in surprise.

The green-gold demon fox who had just shown its prowess and instantly killed the swamp iron crocodile heard this, instead of being excited, he said angrily, "Shut up, how respectful the ancestor of the sky fox is, even you, a filthy dead species, are worthy of saying that!" utter his name?"

Being insulted for no reason, Buddhas are angry, not to mention the coquettish bee girl who is already as powerful as water and fire.

"Speak out loud, court death!"

The coquettish bee girl's voice is like frost, and the weird lines on her face seem to be activated, with streamers shining

, Immediately stretched his arms forward, and in an instant, the giant bee black cloud covering the sky and the sun surged like a galaxy overturning.

The sand demon, who had witnessed the tragic death of his companion, did not dare to work any longer. He broke out with all his strength, and the endless sand sea circled up, turning into a sand fist as big as a mountain and smashing down.

The green-gold demon fox smiled disdainfully, and wanted to rush forward to fight to the death.

Unexpectedly, Qinglan Yaohu stopped her in advance.

The green-gold demon fox glared at it, and the blue-blue demon fox shook its head imperceptibly.

The coquettish bee girl might not know about the blue-gold demon fox's heel, but it's impossible for the blue-blue demon fox not to know.

Although the supernatural power of destroying the enemy by cutting off the tail just now is really amazing, and it is very similar to the legendary supernatural power of the sun tail arrow.

But all the supernatural powers of the Qingqiu Fox Clan are unique.

Therefore, no matter how similar the green-gold demon fox's supernatural power is, it can never be the innate supernatural power of the ancestor of the sky fox.

In addition to being ostentatious, the supernatural powers of the green-gold demon fox are already a means of self-mutilation that kills one thousand enemies and damages eight hundred.

Just wait until dawn, and her realm will plummet due to the self-cut tail.

The more you use your monster power at this time, the faster your realm will fall.

So knowing that she was arrogant and unwilling to admit defeat, the male Qinglan Demon Fox could only forcibly stop her from doing stupid things.

Even though he was unwilling, the green-gold demon fox didn't dare to disregard his companions to get angry with the enemy, so he could only retreat indignantly.

After persuading the green-gold demon fox, the mood of the blue-blue demon fox did not improve.

Using its own strength to face the Sand Demon and the Bee Girl alone is simply the way to death.

And the green-gold demon fox was close to self-destruction because of his emotions.

So now the only thing to do...

The cyan-blue demon fox became hideous in vain, and its six giant tails stood up at the same time, emitting red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple colors of light. The six lights combined into one, and suddenly the large void behind it rippled like waves. , wrapped it with the green-gold demon fox.

Seeing this, the coquettish bee girl couldn't help being furious, "If you want to run away, die to me!"

boom!

The giant bee black cloud and the yellow sand giant fist fell almost at the same time, shaking the ground in a five-mile radius, and not a blade of grass grew.

The coquettish bee girl was sitting high in the air, mocking with a haughty and disdainful face, "The invincible Qingqiu fox, the lord of the demons? Pooh, I don't know what to say! You run fast, or you will have to be sacrificed!"

The next moment, the alluring Bee Girl's face suddenly changed.

"Oops, someone broke into the demon spirit barrier!!"


		