

"What Shaozhou Jingshan sect, I have never heard of the messenger, get out if you have the ability, don't hide in it and play tricks!"

The official who collected the money jumped and cursed.

Shui Gen, whose heart was ashamed, suddenly became hopeful when he heard the words.

Only then did he remember that old man Wu seemed to have taken in a wounded person a few days ago.

Is it a hero who likes to fight against injustice?

Wicked people still need to be grinded by wicked people, that's all it should be!

In an instant, Shuigen thought of the chivalrous legends he heard in the teahouse restaurant, and looked forward to a big man in the west room coming out of the west room to police the evil and punish the female cadres, and uphold justice.

"Your Excellency wants to see you, and you will come out of poverty."

Then, under the expectation of everyone, Yuan Yutang approved a single shirt with a pale face, and appeared in front of everyone.

All the uproar in the room seemed to disappear in an instant, and there was a moment of silence before several ear-piercing bursts of laughter broke out.

"Hahaha, where is the yellow-mouthed idiot who learns to fight against injustices before his hair grows? Don't be afraid that the wind will flash his tongue!"

The two official servants and vicious couple laughed and taunted.

The rest of the folks couldn't help but be overshadowed, especially Shuigen.

It is said that the greater the hope, the greater the disappointment. @*~~

I thought I could jump out of a green forest hero to uphold justice, but I didn't expect to be a sick and weak young man who seemed to collapse in the wind.

What is the use of this?

After laughing loudly, the two officials drew their swords out of their sheaths with grim smiles, and approached Yuan Yutang with fierce eyes.

"Well, you scumbag, knowing that I have repeatedly and severely warned you and dare to stand out in front of you, then don't blame the poor man for being ruthless!"

"Why are you talking so much nonsense with him? A certain family thinks that he looks like a wanted criminal on the wanted list. He happened to be bumped into by our brothers. Maybe he will be captured and returned to the government office for rewards!"

Yuan Yutang ignored the noise of the two officials, and looked at Bee Bee with gentle eyes.

Although she looks numb on the surface, if you observe carefully, you can find that her small body is trembling.

She was afraid, she actually knew everything, but she just endured it by herself.

poor child.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling extremely distressed.

It was this kind child who pulled him back from the gate of hell and took good care of him for several days before he regained his life.

If he didn't take care of him, he wouldn't be able to walk on the ground.

This kind of kindness is heavier than the mountain and deeper than the sea, how can he let the benefactor be bullied even the slightest bit?

As he thought about it, a nameless evil fire ignited in his heart.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang didn't take them seriously, the vicious officer who had just collected the money became furious, and slashed at Yuan Yutang's head viciously, running to take his life.

The condolence folks in the house all changed their faces when they saw this, and some timid women and children turned pale with fright, and couldn't bear to watch the bloody scene that followed.

It's too late to say it.

Yuan Yutang closed his eyes and exhaled slowly. When he opened his eyes again, the two officials closest to him couldn't help but feel a chill in their hearts.

What a sharp look!

The murderous aura in the eyes seemed to overflow like a substance, and once the line of sight came into contact, it was as if the scalp was brushed by the blade.

This terrifying look actually forced the blade to stop abruptly, and the vicious official didn't dare to make any further advances.

At the same time, the two officials realized something in their hearts:

This guy has definitely killed people, and it's not a minority!

If it weren't for this, there would never be such a terrifying look in his eyes!

Realizing that something was wrong, the two old fritters immediately retreated.

It's a pity that Hades wants someone to die in the third watch, who dares to keep him?

They absolutely shouldn't, they shouldn't have provoked Yuan Yutang, who was full of anger and had no place to vent his anger!

"An old man used to tell me that a pariah in troubled times is not as good as a dog, and told me not to lose confidence in the world."

"But the common people have suffered enough suffering in dire straits, why do you evildoers impose suffering on them?"

"I'm very sad, how can I not be disappointed?"

"Since I can't change the world, and I can't solve the suffering of the common people, then I can only solve the evildoers who impose suffering on them!"

Before the words were finished, everyone felt two gusts of wind blowing out of nowhere in the room.

, I couldn't see anything clearly in the blink of an eye, I heard two screams, and immediately the two officials smashed through the earth wall like shells and flew out.

When they came back to their senses, the shocked villagers saw Yuan Yutang squatting in front of Xie, with soft eyes, and asked in a gentle voice, "Hey, you saved my life. I can't repay you, but are you willing to worship me as a teacher?"

"As long as you worship me as your teacher, I can guarantee that from now on, no one will dare to bully you again!"

Hearing the words, he raised his head, his numb eyes seemed to be lit up, and after a while he asked hesitantly, "With you as my teacher, can I learn martial arts to protect myself?"

Yuan Yutang said with a gentle smile, "It's ok, then he can not only protect himself, but also protect others."

"Then will you teach me spells?" He asked again in a daze.

Yuan Yutang nodded and said, "As long as I know it, I will teach you everything without reservation."

Hehe tears fell like broken string pearls, tremblingly said, "Then, after he learns magic, can I see grandpa and parents again?"

Yuan Yutang's eyes were astringent, and he leaned against his trembling little body, choked up and said, "Yes, absolutely! As long as Xiaoxi learns the spell, he will definitely be able to see Grandpa and Mom again. Even if he can't, Master will also I will protect Xiexi for the rest of my life!"

He was stunned, as if a certain emotion in his heart could no longer be suppressed, he hugged Yuan Yutang's neck and cried loudly.

"Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow~"

"Hey, be good, don't cry, master will replace parents and grandparents to protect me, if anyone dares to make me sad, master will make him regret his life!"

Seeing such a touching scene, the villagers couldn't help crying.

Hehehe cried and passed out. God knows how much she has been wronged these days. Error-free update@

But this is also good, venting all the negative emotions in my heart should not leave psychological hidden dangers.

Now that he's stabilized, it's time to settle some accounts.

Leaving the drowsy Miao Miao to Shui Gen's care, Yuan Yutang got up expressionlessly and walked towards the vicious couple with pale faces.

Before they got close, the vicious couple fell to their knees and kowtowed for mercy.

"Hero, please forgive me~ The villain has eyes but doesn't know Mount Tai, offended the hero Tianwei, please forgive the hero~"

"Please don't kill us, we promise not to report to the government about your murder of officials, please forgive me~"

Yuan Yutang didn't say anything, just staring coldly at the vicious couple who kowtowed like onions, it was enough to scare them out of their wits.

If I had known that old man Wu's family had such a stubborn stubble, I wouldn't have dared to come to make trouble if I killed them.

How ruthless and courageous are you to kill officials in public?

Although this son is young, he is definitely not inferior to the Jiangyang robbers in the hearsay.

Just when the vicious couple was about to faint from fright, Yuan Yutang finally spoke.

"lead the way!"

The vicious and tearful couple were taken aback when they heard the words, and looked at Yuan Yutang stupidly, at a loss.

"Don't you have an adoption bond issued by the county lord? Take me to the county government. I have something to ask the county lord!"

When the vicious couple heard the words, it was as if they were struck by lightning, and their souls suddenly disappeared.

It's not enough for this guy to kill the official, but he still wants to seek revenge from the county lord?

Where did this god of killing come from?

Although they were terrified to death, but in order to protect themselves, the vicious couple took Yuan Yutang to the county seat without hesitation.

Standing on the street opposite the county government office, Yuan Yutang said coldly to the vicious couple who looked like frightened quails, "Stand here and wait for me. If you don't see anyone when you come out, even if you flee to the ends of the earth, I will catch you out!"

The vicious couple was so frightened that they quickly denied it, "Don't dare, the hero wants us and my wife to wait, even if the leg is broken, they will never dare to move half a step!"

Yuan Yutang snorted coldly, then walked straight to the county government office.

Seeing the disheveled Yuan Yutang approaching swaggeringly, two yamen servants carrying water and fire sticks immediately went up to stop him.

"The county government is an important place, and idlers are not allowed to trespass!"

Yuan Yutang said with a half-smile, "The villain wants to report to the officials for redress, so I ask the two poor masters to be more accommodating."


The two yamen servants immediately felt happy when they heard the words, thinking that another fat sheep was delivered to their door.

One of the yamen servants squinted forward and scolded in a dawdly way, "Do you understand the rules? The county lord takes care of everything every day, so how can he have the time to take care of you, a troublemaker!"

Yuan Yutang asked again, "Dare to ask what the rules are?"

Another yamen servant shouted impatiently, "Are you really crazy or fake? You don't have a ten-dollar management fee, and you still want to see the county lord? Dreaming!"

Yuan Yutang chuckled, "Looks like I'm overthinking it. This imperial court is rotten from the inside to the outside. Raising a dog would even wag your tail in gratitude. The people's fat and people's anointing made you fat, and instead bullied your parents. It's really strange."

The expressions of the two yamen servants changed when they heard the words, and they raised their sticks to beat them indiscriminately, and yelled angrily, "You dare to slander the government, you dare to slander the government, and you will be beaten to death without complaint!"

Yuan Yutang nodded, and said with a smirk, "It should be so, there is no complaint if you kill him!"

As he said that, he flew up with two feet.

The two yamen servants didn't make a sound, even the stick and the person were kicked and flew a few feet away, and there was no sound when they landed.

The vicious couple on the other side of the street almost went limp with fright. Error-free update@

Yuan Yutang looked up at the plaque of "Integrity and Integrity" hanging on the county government, and said with a sneer, "Bah, how can these four words of righteousness and righteousness be used on dogs? Just kill the dog!"

In the backyard of the county yamen, the potbellied county lord was reconciling this month's account with the chief bookkeeper, when he suddenly heard noises outside, he immediately frowned displeasedly, "Master, go out and see who is so unruly, dare to be in the old man Make a lot of noise when you settle accounts!"

The master, who was wearing dog skin plaster, nodded and bowed as he was ordered to go out.

Before leaving the house, the county lord did not forget to ask, "Remember to pay a fine of ten taels of silver!"

The master was just about to turn his head to answer, but unexpectedly a big blood-stained foot fell from the sky and kicked heavily on his emaciated chest.

With the sound of bone cracking in Gele, the master vomited blood, danced and fell in a parabola on the Eight Immortals table full of silver notes between the county lord and the master book.

"Who is so bold, dare to commit murder in the county government!" The county lord was furious, and instinctively scolded.

Afterwards, a strange young man named Lang, who was full of evil spirit and whose clothes were stained with blood, walked into the room faintly.

"Poverty Taoist Yuan Yuji, I would like to ask the two masters for some advice!".


		