

The sun is three poles high, and the tender sun of late spring scorches everything on the earth.

But Ye Liangchen's heart was icy cold.

At this time, he was stumbling under Jingshan Mountain.

Different from the self-satisfied one when he went up the mountain, now his face is red and black, and the clothes on his body are missing, and he is naked and trembling with his arms folded.

Yuan Yutang didn't kill him, but it was more humiliating than killing him.

No literati can bear the humiliation of being stripped naked and driven out of the house.

Tears rolled in his eyes, his heart twitched, and Ye Liangchen even thought of committing suicide.

"Haha, brother, look quickly, someone is running naked with no clothes on... Wait, it's my son, something happened!!"

There was a carriage parked at the foot of the mountain, the driver and a handsome book boy were chatting, when they suddenly saw someone coming naked and naked, and they were about to have fun.

He never wanted to eat melons on his son's head, which is outrageous.

The book boy and the driver rushed to Ye Liangchen's side, at a loss for a while.

Seeing the familiar servant, Ye Liangchen finally regained his composure, and said in a frosty voice, "Take off your clothes!"

The book boy suddenly realized, he hurriedly took off his clothes and put them on Ye Liangchen.

The coachman's eyes were red. The so-called master humiliated his ministers to death. Now that the master is so humiliated, how can he bear it, and immediately roared, "Young master, who dares to humiliate you like this? The villain wants to kill him Shredded to pieces!"

Ye Liangchen glared at him coldly, and said fiercely, "Shut up, let's go back to Zhoucheng now!"

"My lord..." the coachman murmured unwillingly.

Unexpectedly, his hypocrisy completely annoyed Ye Liangchen, and violently punched him, venting while beating, "You are the only one who is loyal, and you are the only one who can be patient, right? Don't you just want to see my son's jokes?" ? I made you laugh, you laugh again!!"

The coachman was stunned by the beating, and he didn't dare to hide, so he could only hug his head and howl as a way to vent his anger.

After beating for more than half an hour, the skin on his hands was torn, and Ye Liangchen, who was half dead from exhaustion, was willing to stop, panting heavily, and sternly said to the silent book boy, "Today's matter is rotten in my heart, if I let this The young master will not let you off when he hears a little gossip!"

The book boy had never seen Ye Liangchen so furious, his neck shrank in fright, and he quickly answered yes.

Ye Liangchen glanced back at the faintly visible outline of the building on the mountain, gritted his teeth and whispered, "Good for you Jingshan Sect, good for you Yuan Yuji, today's humiliation will be repaid ten thousand times in the future!"

After finishing speaking, he kicked the driver on the ground who was pretending to be dead, and shouted, "Hurry up and go drive!"

The rough-skinned coachman didn't dare to talk too much, so he got up dejectedly and went to drive the coach.

Little did he know that everything under the mountain was under Yuan Yutang's eyes. @*~~

"Why did you humiliate that rich man on purpose?" Sun Yi asked in bewilderment.

Under normal circumstances, warlocks are above the mundane, but powerful families are not among the mundane.

The rich and powerful families have a wide network, and almost all of them have friendly sects of warlocks. It is easy to beat the younger ones and attract the older ones, and get into endless troubles.

In Sun Yi's view, the best way to deal with the situation just now is to kill and destroy the corpse, and even the soul is best broken up, so that there will be no proof of death.

However, Yuan Yutang didn't play the cards according to the routine, Liangzi knotted but didn't kill them all, and even deliberately humiliated Ye Liangchen, in this way, both of them would fall into an endless situation.

Yuan Yutang took out a cigarette with a blank expression, smoked for nearly half of it in one breath, and then said slowly, "Life is too boring, I want to have some fun."

The corner of Sun Yi's mouth twitched after hearing this.

After dismissing Ye Liangchen, Yuan Yutang calmed down and formally stepped into the sect.

The Jingshan sect was once glorious, so there are many buildings on the mountain, but later it fell into disrepair, resulting in the inability to maintain it. Many buildings have collapsed due to disrepair, and only the main hall is still intact.

Walking through the dilapidated courtyard and the overgrown front yard, Yuan Yutang saw three figures standing in front of the main hall.

One is a glamorous Taoist nun with a face like a lotus and a charming figure.

One is a handsome young man with a hippie smile and a sloppy bunt.

One is a burly and taciturn man.

All three.

He looked at Yuan Yutang with complicated eyes.

When he approached, the three of them saluted and said:

"Hei Family Hei San..."

"Heart Moon Zicuckoo..."

"The Liu family often flies..."

"I've seen the real master!"

Yuan Yutang's eyes moved slightly, and he solemnly bowed his head and said, "Immeasurable Heavenly Venerable, I thank the three immortals for their protection, I am very grateful."

That's right, these three people are the Monster Realm Immortal Family that Huang Qisu specially recruited to protect Lanxi.

And from the fact that the three of them blew up their homes, we can hear their true identity.

The wandering youth Hei San comes from the Hei family, so he is naturally a black bear.

The prefix Xinyue of Meiyan Daoist is obviously from the Xinyue Fox Clan, another powerful branch of the Fox Clan.

Chang Fei, a taciturn man, belongs to the Liu family, and he is clearly a snake clan.

Originally, Huang Qisu just told them to escort Lanxi back to Jingshan safely to complete the mission, Yuan Yutang never thought that they would stay here until now, this kindness deserves his thanks.

After some courtesies, Yuan Yutang asked Sun Yi and the others to find a room to settle down, and then he took the three great immortals to the front hall alone to talk.

There is no unreasonable hatred in the world, and there is no unreasonable favor.

Since the three great immortal families have done something beyond what they entrusted, they must have something to ask for, which is understandable.

As long as it does not violate human ethics and morality, Yuan Yutang will agree to their request as appropriate.

After taking their seats, Yuan Yutang went straight to the point and said, "The three of you are kind to my Jingshan Sect. If you ask for something, it's okay to say it. As long as the poor Taoist can do it, I will never refuse."

The three great immortals looked at each other, feeling a little apprehensive.

Naturally, they wouldn't naively think that they could hide Yuan Yutang's little thoughtfulness, but seeing him so straightforward, they didn't know how to speak for a while.

In the end, it was Hei San, who had a detached personality, who was the first to speak, "I hope the head master will learn from you. We do have something to ask for, but there is absolutely no malice in it."

Yuan Yutang nodded and said, "This poor man naturally understands, please explain!"

After hesitating for a while, Hei San jumped up, came to Yuan Yutang, bowed his head, and said respectfully, "Hei San is willing to worship under the head of the real person. Wholeheartedly assisting the real head of the sect to shine on the lintel, there is no second heart, and please the real master of the sect to complete it!"

"Ah, this..." Yuan Yutang was secretly taken aback. Originally, he thought that the black three would have other requests, but he didn't expect that he would take the initiative to join the Jingshan sect.

This is outrageous. @*~~

You must know that Jingshan sect has no people and no resources, and it is flattering to say that it is a third-rate sect.

And Hei San was already at the peak of the Monster Realm, only one step away from the Great Monster Realm.

No matter which sect they go to, this kind of powerful immortal family will be treated as a guest of honor.

Yuan Yutang couldn't figure out why he was willing to condescend to join the Jingshan sect.

The glamorous Taoist nun Zijuan sighed quietly, and couldn't help giving Hei San a flirtatious glance at the reckless Hei San. Shi Shiran got up and walked to Hei San's side, first bowed to Yuan Yutang, and explained softly , "Don't speculate too much, the real person in charge, Hei San just admires the demeanor of a real person, that's why he dared to invite you."

Yuan Yutang was startled when he heard this.

The answer is to admire yourself?

What do you have to admire?

Seeming to see Yuan Yutang's doubts, Zijuan Qiubo secretly sent the sedan chair and said angrily, "It seems that the real master didn't pay much attention to the shocking things he did, so he was suspicious. Since the real person debuted, first Single-handedly smashed through the wolf army that is unmatched in the world at the Tongshanguan battlefield, and then slashed the monster's avatar to turn the tide, and then made a prophecy at the Shoushan Banquet. It breaks through the world one after another, and then becomes a blockbuster on Qingtian Peak, defeating the demon king with the posture of a mortal..."

"...All kinds of deeds of a real person, if an ordinary warlock can do it, it will be enough to look down on their peers..."

"With this explanation, I wonder if it can dispel the real person's doubts?"

Yuan Yutang was completely shocked.

Hearing what Zijuan said, he remembered that he had done so many shocking actions, it was amazing!

Seeing Yuan Yutang's doubts gradually dissipating, Zijuan smiled charmingly, and saluted melodiously, "My family is also willing to worship under the leadership of the real master, please be true.

Perfection~"

Chang Fei, who had always been taciturn, also got up from his seat, came to Yuan Yutang and said in a succinct and deep voice, "Chang Fei also wants to join Jingshan Sect."

Seeing the three tyrannical immortal families in front of him voluntarily requesting to join the Jingshan sect whose gate wall has declined, Yuan Yutang felt his blood boil inexplicably.

In my previous life, I saw a lot of vulgar plots where the protagonist's aura of domineering is leaking, and the little brothers are crying and shouting to hug their thighs. Whenever they see similar plots, they always sneer.

But when I experienced it myself, that feeling...is so refreshing!

The three immortals did not urge them, they had the capital of self-confidence, and firmly believed that Yuan Yutang would not refuse.

Sure enough, Yuan Yutang came back to his senses after a while, and overjoyed, he went up to help each of them, and said repeatedly, "Thanks to the attention, thanks to the attention, the poor are terrified..."

Originally, Yuan Yutang was still having a headache on how to strengthen the sect's strength in a short period of time.

After all, running a sect is different from walking alone in the rivers and lakes. He alone cannot support the development and growth of a sect. @*~~

If you want to grow stronger, you need to build talent pools, practice resources, and so on.

I didn't expect to be greeted with pillows as soon as I fell asleep. The addition of Black Three and the others is undoubtedly like a shot in the arm, and it can even be used as a typical publicity to attract talents.

But after the excitement, Yuan Yutang quickly calmed down.

Although the three immortals of Zijuan spoke very sincerely, and there were many deeds in ancient times who admired and voluntarily joined in, but Yuan Yutang was not ready to believe it all.

People's hearts are still separated from the belly, God knows if the immortal family who is not of my race will have other plans.

But at the moment he is not worried, he is confident that he has his own seat, enough to wipe out the alienation of the three immortal families.

Immediately said with an unabated smile, "With the help of the three of you, this sect will surely become famous all over the world and shock the world."

"Forget it, Pindao will seal the three as Dharma Protector Elders, and they will never treat them badly in the future!"

The three of Zijuan looked at each other and said happily, "No!".


		