

Yuan Yutang had always been curious about what was going on under the stone steps, but when he actually saw it, he couldn't help being almost dumbfounded.

I saw that where the stone steps lead to, there is a dense underground jungle with no end in sight. There are unknown phosphorous minerals emitting faint light on the dome, and the ground is lush with ferns. , There are traces of strange biological activities of different sizes hidden in the grass stems.

All kinds of signs tell Yuan Yutang that this is an ecologically self-contained small world hidden in the mountainside!

After sighing a few words about the uncanny workmanship of nature, Yuan Yutang cautiously began to explore.

There is water and food here, and the biggest problem of survival has been solved, but Yuan Yutang still dare not take it lightly, because this is the interior of the Prisoner's Cave, which is murderous every step of the way, and God knows if danger will suddenly pop up from the invisible corner.

Sure enough, being careful was not a big mistake. Not long after he left, he saw a tragic hunt.

Through the fern leaf stems as broad as giant stag antlers, Yuan Yutang could clearly see a giant golden-bellied chicken the size of a calf wandering in the bushes a hundred paces away.

Immediately after that, a black shadow sprang out from a huge scarlet mushroom that was more than five feet high and shaped like a giant umbrella, and rushed towards the giant rooster as quickly as the wind.

The golden-bellied giant chicken seemed to have known for a long time that there was a powerful enemy lurking, so it jumped on the spot without any haste, leaping higher than the giant mushroom, and immediately avoided the swift culling.

In mid-air, the golden-bellied giant chicken's sharp beak gleaming with metallic luster like an iron hook spit out a thunderbolt in vain, hitting the black shadow in the air instantly before it could react.

"Gah~"

Amidst the horrific cry of frogs that was magnified countless times, the black shadow that was as strong as a carriage was suddenly blown to the ground.

The golden-bellied giant chicken's move worked, and immediately fell with its huge wings flapping. A pair of sharp giant claws were clasped on the shadow's abdomen in an instant, and it stood firmly.

The sharp beak pecked, tore, and pulled, and blood burst out immediately.

A beating, bloody heart with a huge face was held on the sharp beak by the golden-bellied giant chicken. It opened its mouth and raised its head, and the heart fell into its belly.

Arrogantly pecking away the dust from its beautiful feathers, the giant rooster swaggered away without taking a second look at the giant green-skinned toad still twitching on the ground.

Yuan Yutang's eyeballs almost popped out of their sockets.

He recognized the two beasts that had just fought.

That proud and proud giant chicken with a bright belly, shaped like a rooster, with steel bones and iron feathers, spits thunderbolts, isn't it the legendary evil beast?

It is said that Yongye is a sign of disaster, and if it comes out, disaster will come. It was extinct as early as in ancient times. I didn't expect that there are still living creatures in this small world.

The big green-skinned toad that failed to attack but was killed was not a good stubble. It was also a well-known strange beast in ancient times. It was best at hiding its whereabouts. It was extremely fast and poisonous. Ghost invasion.

Although ghost invasion is extremely poisonous, its heart is said to be a rare delicacy in the world. Because of this, it was hunted and killed by greedy warlocks in ancient times, and it never thought that it could live in this small world.

Without supernatural powers and treasures, Yuan Yutang would not dare to say that he would win against any alien beast. The Prisoner's Nest is indeed worthy of the most vicious place, who knows how many extinct alien beasts like this are still scattered here.

In view of this, Yuan Yutang, who was already vigilant, was even more alert, not daring to slack off in the slightest.

The blood and viscera of the disemboweled ghost invaded and flowed all over the place, and the pungent smell of blood might attract other fierce beasts.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Amitabha, the little benefactor is polite."

Just as Yuan Yutang was about to stay away from this land of right and wrong, suddenly there was a sound behind him, which startled him a lot.

Looking back anxiously, Yuan Yutang was shocked to find an old monk with disheveled hair and ragged clothes standing ten steps behind him at some point, smiling peacefully at him.

Yuan Yutang was not a fledgling stunned young man, even though the old monk looked very kind, he did not relax his vigilance, and asked cautiously, "Who are you and why are you here?"

"Amitabha, tell the little benefactor that the poor monk has been here for twenty years." The old monk smiled kindly and looked harmless to humans and animals. "It has been a long time since no newcomers have visited here. Why did the little benefactor come here?"

Speaking of which, the old fan monk wanted to step forward.

Yuan Yutang tensed his nerves instantly, and shouted sharply, "Stop, don't blame me for being rude if you get closer!"

After hearing this, the old monk withdrew his half-stepped steps, clasped his hands together and said, "Don't be afraid, little benefactor, the poor monk just hasn't communicated with living people for too long, and suddenly saw a newcomer coming, and he was overjoyed to bother you, please Forgive me."

Seeing that the old monk was always restrained, Yuan Yutang was a little relieved, and asked in a deep voice, "Why has the master been imprisoned here for twenty years?"

"Amitabha, the poor monk was originally an ascetic monk who came to Shenzhou to seek Buddha from the Landa Temple. He was confused for a while and committed a crime, so he exiled himself here." The old monk replied with a sad face.

"Self-exile? Are you serious?" Yuan Yutang's heartstrings that had been slackened just now were suddenly lifted again.

"Monks don't lie, that's true."

"Then what is the crime you committed?"

"Killing karma."

"How many people were killed?"

Yuan Yutang's continuous questioning, especially the last question that exposed people's scars, made the old monk's peaceful face faintly show signs of collapse.

Pained for a long time, the old monk's face suddenly changed, and he looked like a ghost in an instant. He stared at Yuan Yutang with red eyes, and said with a fierce smile, "Where is such a cheap-talking child? Didn't your adults teach you to swear?" Is there any reason to expose the short?"

"Don't you really want to know how many people the Sa family killed? Send you to hell, and ask those dead ghosts yourself!"

After saying that, like a wild dog running wild, it suddenly rushed towards Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang felt as if he was facing a formidable enemy, just now he felt that the aura of the old monk was already at the peak of a fairyland, so he dared not be careless immediately, and was ready to strike back with a thunderbolt.

It was too late and then too soon, just when the fierce battle was about to break out, countless wrist-thick blue vines that were shining with red light suddenly shot out from the stalk of the stalk, and immediately tied up the crazy old monk. up in the air.

Immediately, it shrank suddenly, and the old monk was fixed in the air, letting out a miserable howl.

"Aww, let go of the Sajia, the Sajia wants to participate in the five internal organs Zen, recite the skinning scriptures, and eat boy meat, hahaha~"

Under Yuan Yutang's horrified eyes, the crying and laughing old monk was quickly pulled into the depths of the jungle like a prey caught in a spider's web.

Unexpectedly, in this small world, in addition to the vicious beasts, there are threats such as ogre monks lurking, and Yuan Yutang is inexplicably worried about the next thirty days.

Without thinking too much, Yuan Yutang quickly left the vicinity.

The small world in the belly of the mountain is isolated from the outside world and does not know the sun and the moon. Yuan Yutang estimated that the outside world should have already fallen into the night at this time.

According to the nature of animals, generally ferocious beasts like to forage at night.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

It is best to find a safe place to hide until dawn before making plans.

About an hour later, Yuan Yutang found a relatively flat and hidden highland along the stream along the stream, and immediately decided to use it as a shelter for the time being.

As soon as he got dressed and fell asleep, Yuan Yutang suddenly jumped up from the ground again, and as soon as he retreated, he retreated to the edge of the stream twenty feet away, with a strange expression on his face.

Not long after, the open space where Yuan Yutang slept just now was sunken in vain, and then a big hole appeared for adults to pass through.

A gray-faced head poked out from the inside, observed furtively for a moment, and only dared to come out after making sure that there was no danger.

After the man came out, he squeezed his mouth and blew a weird whistle, and then five people jumped out of the big hole one after another.

"My lord, live up to the trust, this place should be the Shura Garden of the Prisoner's Nest."

The person who came out first patted the dust off his body, then picked up the weird shovel in his hand, and flattered one of the next five people to ask for credit.

At this time, Yuan Yutang let out a surprise, because of the distance and the dim environment, he couldn't see the appearance of the figure for a while, but the flattering voice was very familiar to his ears.

The venerable responded with a cold snort through his nostrils, and then opened his hand, a soft light burst out suddenly.

The source of the light is a fist-sized, rare luminous pearl in the world.

After the light came on, Yuan Yutang finally saw the true colors of the mysterious people, and couldn't help but be dumbfounded.

Isn't that figure with two shovels on his back his old acquaintance, the mountain-moving Taoist who lived and died in the secret realm of the Tianmen attic, 'can't dig through'?

Back then, in the final battle at the Tianmen Pavilion, the ambitious Situ Hongyi died tragically on the spot. Later, "Unable to Dig" also disappeared mysteriously. I didn't expect to meet again after a few months.

And what's more, they met in the forbidden area of ​​Qingtian Peak, which is outrageous.

Judging from the posture of 'Dig Bu Tong', it seems that he has found a new master to attach himself to. In this way, this group of people is definitely not a good person.

The person holding the Ye Mingzhu was wearing a coquettish purple robe, painted his eyebrows and painted colors, and was so indescribably strange and unharmonious that Yuan Yutang once thought that the tree demon grandmother from Lanruo Temple had been born ahead of schedule.

The purple-robed demon looked around, as if he hated the harsh environment of the jungle. He frowned, covered his nose and mouth with the back of his hand, and said with a pinched voice, "The Shura Garden is full of dangers. Hurry up and find a way to find the location of Elder Budai. You are the only one who has delayed the big event." It's asking!"

Being reprimanded for no reason, he didn't dare to put a fart on the 'unable to dig', so he nodded and bowed obediently, "Don't blame your lord, the villain will find you right away, please be patient and don't be impatient!"

As he spoke, he took out a compass with a strange shape, and chanted while walking, as if he was calculating the direction.

Just when the purple-robed demon was about to get impatient, 'Digging Unable' finally showed joy.

"My lord, we have found Elder Budai's location, let's set off immediately!"

The purple-robed demon looked at the excited 'Dug Unable' expressionlessly, looking at him inexplicably.

"Shouldn't you go to explore the way?"

The purple-robed demon asked with a half-smile, "I can't dig through" his face turned miserable, his lips parted, but he still didn't dare to disobey, and went to open the way dejectedly.

Yuan Yutang jumped out of the shadows after the group had gone far away.

After thinking for a while, he showed a smirk, and then quietly followed.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		