

"Huh~"

In an old castle in the Gothic style, it is snowing heavily.

There was a seven-year-old blond girl in thin clothes sweating profusely on the white snow.

oh~

The two-handed sword, which was almost as big as the little girl's body, smashed down through the air, hitting the ground heavily, splashing snowflakes several feet high.

With a bang, the sword's edge came into contact with the masonry ground under the deep snow and hovered to the side.

The little girl looked resolute, moved her pantothenic wrist silently, and then used all her strength to lift the big sword that adults might not be able to lift above her head, and then mechanically repeated the three boring steps of swinging the sword, chopping, and raising the sword .

This is the daily homework that the little girl has set for herself. If she has not practiced ten thousand swords, she will not forgive herself.

While it's amazing what a little girl can do at such an age, she doesn't feel like enough is enough.

She will never forget the deep regret expressed by her beloved grandpa before his death.

I can't forget the back of my father crying secretly in the study.

I can't forget that time I overheard other guests mocking her family at the party.

In the Western Continent, glory represents everything, and if glory is stained, it will become an indelible shame in eternal life.

Unfortunately, in the little girl's family three hundred years ago, there was a disobedient elder who brought a heavy shackle of shame to the family, causing her family to be unable to lift its head since then.

Three hundred years, a full three hundred years!

The little girl swears that she will become stronger, as soon as possible, so strong that everyone will look up to her, and one day...

She must wash away the family's stains with her own hands, and push the family to the pinnacle of honor again!

to this end……

She is willing to sacrifice her life!


A low voice interrupted Monica's memories, and when she looked back coldly, she saw Yuan Yutang who was tied up in the corner gradually waking up, with mixed feelings.

I thought it would take a long time to find the Bright Cross, but there was specific news so soon.

When she saw Yuan Yutang using the Bright Cross, she was so shocked.

For Monica and her family, the Bright Cross has almost become an obsession after more than three hundred years of fermentation.

In order to get back the Bright Cross and wash away the shame of the family, she will do whatever it takes.

It's just that Yuan Yutang was in the limelight at that time, and he suppressed the terrifying demon king by himself.

After the excitement, Monica felt helpless.

Although she was very confident in her own strength, Monica was not blindly confident enough to think that she could rival Yuan Yutang at that time.

She was not reconciled, so she chose to follow secretly.

Fortunately, the sky pays off.

Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang committed suicide by herself. Facing a golden opportunity, she decisively captured Yuan Yutang who was seriously injured and unconscious!


Yuan Yutang opened his eyes unsteadily, but his consciousness was not clear for a while.

Shaking his head vigorously, he finally regained some clarity.

It was only the next moment that he was shocked to find himself in a dilapidated mountain temple.

His body was bound tightly by a strange iron chain, and he couldn't move at all.

After the astonishment passed, he calmed down immediately, and began to look around carefully, thinking about his own strategy at top speed.

In his mind, no matter what the kidnapper's purpose was, since he didn't kill him while he was in a coma, it meant there was still room for maneuver.

But when he saw the blond-haired and blue-eyed Monica sitting in front of the campfire and looking at himself with a half-smile, his heart sank.

Regardless of past and present lives, all fanatical religious elements are extremely difficult characters. Error-free update@

These lunatics dare to do anything for their beliefs.

Thinking about myself, the only thing that can be related to the big ocean horse is the Bright Cross.

No wonder she didn't kill her right away, presumably because she couldn't find the bright cross that she sandwiched in the "Tiangang Secret Technique" on him.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help scolding himself for being careless.

Obviously I met him at the Yuezhou City Inn.

However, Monica used the holy light spell, which is the symbol of the Holy Church, and she has not been vigilant.

The ocean horse traveled across the ocean and traveled thousands of miles to Daxia, and it must have another purpose.

I was really in a daze to be so negligent.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's uncertain face, Monica immediately sneered and said, "Hehe, sure enough, most of the geniuses are smart people. I don't need to explain. I guess you have figured out the cause and effect. If that's the case, I'm not afraid to get straight to the point. @ "

"Hand over the sacred object, the Bright Cross, and I will spare you!"

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang curled his lips and remained silent.

What about cheating ghosts?

You must know how precious the Bright Cross is, who is willing to hand over such a treasure?

Besides, seizing treasures is like killing one's parents, how can one seize treasures without killing people?

Should the enemy be left to wait for revenge?

Seemingly aware of Yuan Yutang's distrust, Monica said solemnly, "I know you may not believe it, but what if I swear in the name of the victim? You must know that you can drive the Bright Cross correctly." Does it mean anything?"

Yuan Yutang's face changed slightly when he heard the words.

After browsing the memories of the ascetic Ornov, he certainly knows the sacred status of the victims in the hearts of every saint.

If the oath is made in the name of the victim, most of them will never and dare not violate it.

So Monica's words should be trustworthy.

but!

so what?

You must know that in Yuan Yutang Lingtai's Sea of ​​Consciousness, there are fragments of the primordial spirit that suppressed the peerless demon king Lan Kun and the supreme artifact forged from Lan Kun's body, Bu Zhoushan!

Well, there is also a nine-day reincarnation disc of the same level.

No matter which one of these three monsters is placed in the world alone, it is enough to shock the world.

Last time, the ancient book "Secret Art of Tiangang" and the Cross of Light teamed up to suppress these three ominous creatures.

If he handed over the Bright Cross, wouldn't he have to wait to die if the three suppressed monsters rebelled?

So in any case, it is impossible for him to hand over the Bright Cross.

At least at this stage, it is absolutely impossible.

After waiting for a long time and seeing no reply from Yuan Yutang, Monica knew what was going on.

Sighing faintly, she stood up slowly, her pretty face was shrouded in frost, and said coldly, "There is a proverb in Daxia, which says that you will not shed tears when you see the coffin, and it should be quite appropriate for your Excellency."

Yuan Yutang's heart skipped a beat, he struggled with all his might, and shouted sternly, "How are you doing?"

Monica was expressionless, like a devil fleeing from hell, and said in an empty voice, "Since you know something about the holy religion, you should know that we have a lot of torture to make stubborn heretics speak."

"Want to hear it?"

"Want to hear about the torture unique to our Western Continent?"

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang felt a chill rushing from the bottom of his feet to Tianling Gai.

This bitch is not kidding!

Damn it, what kind of magic weapon is this iron chain? It actually suppressed his mana cultivation.

Seeing Yuan Yutang stubbornly resisting, Monica smiled contemptuously, "Don't waste your efforts, this is the magic chain unique to our holy religion, let alone you, even if it is a master at the level of an archbishop or a dark man at the level of a chieftain and duke." Creatures can't break free either. Well, His Excellency the Archbishop in Red specially gave it to me before leaving, and you are the first person to experience the effect in Great Xia, so you should feel honored."

"It's an honor to you, my fucking XXOO!"

Yuan Yutang was completely panicked, and couldn't help but curse.

Monica was unmoved at all, and continued to speak in that creepy and flat tone, "Do you know that there have been ten tortures in the holy religion for thousands of years? Each of them can exceed your imagination, even the most A stubborn and savage heretic, once he knows that he is going to be executed, he will probably be terrified of himself."

"Have you heard of the punishment of cutting? By the way, you also have a punishment similar to Lingchi in Daxia, but our Holy Cult does not use knives, but a blunt instrument—oyster shells. We will cut the hair from the hair first." They cut off the prisoner's hair, skin, muscles, and tendons in circles until a bloody skeleton wrapped in a membrane wrapped in the viscera is left. It will last for about a day and a night. broken.

gas. It's a taste, you can imagine..."

"There is also tongue-hanging torture. As the name suggests, the victim's tongue is hooked on an iron hook, and then the body is suspended in the air. As time goes by, the weight of the body will force the fixed tongue and the throat to hang out..."

"There is also devout prayer. Specifically, the prisoner's limbs are fixed to kneel and pray for repentance. A large iron nail is inserted into the valley. The weight of the whole body is concentrated on the buttocks, forcing the prisoner to struggle to keep his body from falling. Once he loses strength, Hehe~"

"Iron torture, the victim will be put into a humanoid mold covered with sharp barbs, and then closed. Under normal circumstances, the victim can live for more than three days..."

Listening to Monica's terrifying words like a devil telling a story, Yuan Yutang could only feel his heart beating wildly.

For a moment, he almost gave up.

Because of the torture that Monica said, he could find clues in some medieval documents on the Internet in his previous life, proving that what he said was true. @

Although he thinks that his will is still strong, but if he really goes through these tortures, he can't guarantee how long he can last.

So, do you want to confess?

Yuan Yutang fell into a dilemma.

Seeing the fear on Yuan Yutang's face, Monica smiled disdainfully, sat back in front of the campfire again, and said calmly, "I know you are unwilling, this is normal, if anyone gets the cross of light It is impossible to be willing to hand over the treasures. But you have to remember, I am not joking with you."

"For the sake of your kindness to Qingtian Peak and Baili Yinghua's life-saving friendship to me, I can give you a night to think about it."

"If you still refuse to cooperate tomorrow morning, then don't blame my subordinates for being ruthless."

"It's good to do it yourself!"

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and remained silent.

It was late at night, and Monica seemed very confident in the magic chain, she didn't even want to look at Yuan Yutang, and went to sleep on her own.

Struggling until late at night, Yuan Yutang couldn't break through the shackles of the magic chain, and his heart sank to the bottom of the valley.

Suddenly, his consciousness was in a trance, as if he saw a huge black shadow standing in front of him.

"Little devil, do you need my help?"


		