

After driving all night, around dawn, Yuan Yutang's mighty group arrived at Honghe Town, which is located on the border of Yunzhou.

Honghe Town, surrounded by water on all sides, is surrounded by Chishui Honghe River, which is diverted by Tenglong River, one of the three major water veins in Daxia. It is a rare land of fish and water in the north.

Yan Chixia has a wide network of contacts, and after only going out for a while, she dispatched ten rafts and carried everyone across the river at once.

Lan Xi was able to return to Yuan Yutang's side, and immediately regained her lively temperament. Her beautiful eyes, which were as dark as jewels, rolled around, and everything was fresh when lying on the bow of the raft.

Yuan Yutang hugged the 'Pingtou brother' who was still sound asleep, and looked at Lan Xi's upturned buttocks indecently, with a helpless wry smile on the corner of his mouth.

After all, he still didn't ask Lanxi's secret.

Privacy is a basic right that everyone should have. If Lan Xi doesn't want to say it, then he doesn't need to worry about it.

As long as Lan Xi has no ill intentions towards him, everything will come naturally.

Yan Chixia lay stretched across the raft, her burly body almost occupying most of the raft, she got a jug of wine from somewhere, and was enjoying a drink in the sun.

Yuan Yutang hesitated for a moment, and then asked, "Brother Yan, you are well-informed, do you know why my little beast is so sleepy?"

Upon hearing this, Yan Chixia glanced at Yuan Yutang's pregnant 'Brother Flathead', and said with a chuckle, "Don't frown, this is a good thing. If I guessed correctly, your little Thunder Badger should be transforming."

"Transformation?" Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment and asked in puzzlement.

Yan Chixia took another sip of wine, and said with a heroic smile, "It is said that Thunder Badger is uniquely endowed with extraordinary talents. He will go through three transformations in his life, and every time he succeeds in transformation, his strength will increase by more than ten times."

"There's no need to worry, it will wake up naturally when the water comes to fruition."

Yuan Yutang nodded blankly with an incomprehensible expression on his face.

The sun is shining brightly, sparkling, and there are wisps of undissolved morning mist floating on the winding waterway. Walking in it is like heaven and earth.

Soon the boat docked, and Yan Chixia took out a bunch of money to pay the boat fare. Under the grateful eyes of the boatman, Shi Shiran led a large group of tied up hapless bandits to Honghe Town.

Yan Chixia was familiar with the family and the way, and separated from Yuan Yutang after entering the town. They made an appointment to meet at the only Fuwang Inn in the town, and took the bandits to the town hall to deal with them.

After Yuan Yutang and the others arrived at Fuwang Inn, it was already approaching noon, and after opening three guest rooms, they simply had lunch in the lobby.

During the dinner, he heard two young men dressed as scholars sitting next to him talk about a strange thing that happened in the town recently:

It is said that there is a rich family in the town whose family name is Leng. Mr. Leng did good deeds and accumulated virtues during his lifetime. He was kind to others and repaired bridges and roads.

The Leng family has been passed down for several generations, and the population has always been small.

In order to revitalize the family house, the old master Leng had to take in concubines, which was one of the few stains in his life.

It may be that he has done too many good things, but the old man Leng finally got his wish and gave birth to two sons in succession.

It's strange to say that although the two brothers of the Leng family are from the same mother, their personalities are quite different.

The first young master Leng is perverse and withdrawn by nature, and acts domineeringly, while the second young master Leng has a kind heart and inherited the kindness of the old master Leng.

The old master Leng knew the temperament of the two sons, and worried that the elder son would bully the younger son in a hundred years, so he made a will in the town hall early before his death, and divided the Wanguan family wealth between the two sons equally.

It's a pity that although his idea is good, it's hard to prevent the house thief.

Five years ago, Mrs. Leng died suddenly of a sudden illness. During the mourning period, Mr. Leng actually bribed the officials of the town office, changed his will without authorization, and gave away all his family wealth.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Occupying everything, even sweeping out his brother's family whose blood is thicker than water.

Leng Er Shao has a weak temper, and has been used to being bullied by his elder brother since he was a child. He dare not resist when encountering such things, so he can only admit that he is unlucky and find another way out.

Two years have passed, Young Master Leng has been extravagant, almost emptying out the foundation of the family's savings for generations.

But Leng Ershao was blessed with good fortune, and accidentally sold goods on a ship and made a fortune.

Seeing that the younger brother's family who was kicked out by him back then is getting better and better, the young and old Leng and his wife see it in their eyes and feel jealous in their hearts.

The so-called is not that the whole family does not enter the family, Leng Dashao is cold and ungrateful, his wife is not a good thing, but a well-known shrew in the town, her heart is extremely vicious, since she married into the Leng family, she was tortured and died. There were no less than three servants who died.

Just when the young master Leng and his wife secretly cursed the second young master's family for a bad death, things took a turn for the better.

The reason why Leng Ershao became rich in just a few years was because of the turmoil in the outside world and traffic jams. If the goods sold in the south were sold to the north, the profit would be at least ten times higher.

In other words, Leng Ershao earned his life's money.

I just often walk by the river, how can I not get my shoes wet?

This Bu Leng Er Shao was robbed by water bandits when he was shipping goods, lost both goods and people, even the corpses were thrown into the river to feed the fish, and when they were salvaged, it was a horrible sight.

The second young master suddenly suffered bad news, but the eldest young family was overjoyed.

You must know that the daughter-in-law of the Second Young Master's family is just an ordinary peasant girl with a weak temper and little knowledge. She may be a good husband and teacher, but if she wants to support the family, it will be too embarrassing for her.

Young Master Leng and his wife have been coveting their younger brother's property for a long time, seeing an opportunity to take advantage of it, how can they bear it?

Immediately lowering his face, weeping and swearing in front of his younger brother's mourning hall that he would treat the second youngest widow as his own son, and then greet his younger sister-in-law with care and attention, even more dedicated than the most loyal servant.

The second young lady, who just lost her husband, knows that her heart is sinister. She thinks that a friend in adversity can see the truth, so she readily accepts the young and old family.

This move is undoubtedly to lure wolves into the house.

Only half a year later, the young couple exposed their wolfish ambitions.

Still the original formula, the original routine.

First colluded with the unscrupulous officials of the town office, and then emptied the younger brother-in-law's cronies. In this way, all the rich family wealth left by the younger brother went into their pockets.

Unwilling to be humiliated, the younger sister-in-law took her five-year-old son and threw herself into the river angrily.

The death of the younger brother and the widow will not bring the slightest bit of conscience to the vicious couple, but will let them sit back and relax.

After all, the bitter master's family is all dead, and he is not afraid of people making trouble in the future.

It's a pity that people are doing it, and the sky is watching. If you do many unrighteous actions, you will die. Let's see who the sky will spare?

Leng Dashao's family, who has lost all conscience recently, has finally received retribution!

Things start a month ago.

That day a foreign businessman came to the town and went to the town office to explain to the officials that he owed Leng Ershao a large sum of money three years ago, and now he wants to repay the debt that year after his prosperity.

As soon as the officials heard that there were such fools in today's world, they immediately sent someone to inform the elder and younger family.

Soon the young couple rushed over.

He grandiosely embezzled the last five thousand taels of silver that belonged to his younger brother.

The foreign businessman, who was too young, didn't ask much, and left after signing the delivery document with Mr. and Mrs. Leng under the witness of the officials of the town office.

Before leaving, there was only one inexplicable sentence left:

Don't speak nonsense in front of people, don't make money in the world

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)


At that time, Young Master Leng was only concerned with being happy, so he didn't appreciate the specific meaning of that warning.

The elder and younger couples worked together to move a large box of silver back to the mansion, without the help of any outsiders during the whole process.

The couple, who have always been extravagant, have already squandered the family property left by their younger brother. They are worried about how to make money, and when they doze off, they want to sleep on the pillow. How can they not be overjoyed?

Back home, the husband and wife were afraid of being thieves, so they sweated profusely and dug a big hole under their bed to bury the money.

It's just that the soil has just been filled, and the two feel inexplicably worried.

Wouldn't it be a waste of fun if someone dug a tunnel and stole the silver?

No, I have to find a way to hide the money.

He did what he said, regardless of the middle of the night, and dug out all the money again.

Just discussing and discussing, the two just can't discuss a way to keep it properly.

The husband and wife just stared wide-eyed and stared at the silver on the table all night.

Unknowingly, the way the husband and wife looked at each other changed, as if the other had malicious intentions and wanted to monopolize the money.

The so-called persuading people to do good is extremely difficult, but it is difficult to persuade gods to do evil.

Once evil thoughts take root in the heart, it is not far from death.

Young Master Leng pretended to go to the kitchen to get food, but in fact he wanted to get a kitchen knife.

As soon as the eldest lady waited for him to leave, she immediately dug out the poison and rushed it into the water.

Ben was a caring person who shared the same bed, but under the temptation of money, they finally turned against each other.

After all, the more ruthless Young Master Leng had the last laugh and hacked to death the equally vicious pillow man.

Facing the blood-stained silver, he smiled like a night owl crying blood.

After casually disposing of the dead wife's body, Young Master Leng, who hadn't slept for two days and one night, couldn't stand it any longer, and fell asleep in a daze.

When he woke up in the middle of the night, he inexplicably saw three shadows standing beside his bed.

Trying to tell the difference, Young Master Leng was frightened out of his wits in an instant.

The three shadows turned out to be the long-dead brother's family.

Leng Ershao, who had been dead for several years, was wet all over his body, and his body was full of bite marks. His face was swollen several times, as if he had a big pig's head on his neck, and he smiled at him sullenly. , "Brother, you swore to take good care of my wife and children at the beginning, but now that you have broken your vow, I will settle the score with you."

Speaking of white maggots burrowing randomly from his wound, the second young man scratched it nonchalantly, and a large piece of white flesh was spared by him, and he threw it on the stunned elder brother's face.

The extremely rancid rotten meat was pulled on the face, and the young and old were frightened out of their wits. They rolled off the bed and were about to rush outside.

It's a pity that the ghosts of Er Shao's family of three blocked his way out, no matter how he fiddled around, he couldn't find his way out.

"Hehe, big brother, my family of three is so lonely in the ground, come down and accompany us~" The second young master showed a vicious grin, and reached out his hands to grab the frightened young master.

"Uncle, Ningning and I miss you so much, come down and accompany us~" The second young lady also rushed over with her son ghost.

The souls of the young and old all trembled, and when they were about to die, they regretted it, and sternly shouted their last words:

"Ah~ No, I know I was wrong~"

When the servants found the youngest the next morning, he had already died of exhaustion.

His eyes were bulging, and he was still holding a large handful of paper-made silver ingots dyed red and black in his arms, and beside him were two big, one small and three paper-made people.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		