

What Yuan Yutang was pulled into was a hidden natural tree hole covered by air roots. His soul was dying, and he was about to struggle with all his strength.

"Shh, it's me!"

Yuan Yutang was startled suddenly, and he was inconceivably settled.

That immature milk voice, and that Gujing Wubo's calm tone are all owned by him, an old friend who loves everything with all his heart.

At this time, the hand covering his mouth was also released in due course.

Yuan Yutang couldn't wait to turn his head, and immediately saw a small bald head shining brightly in the cramped and dark tree hole, he couldn't help being surprised and delighted and said:

"Baiyun? Why are you here?"

The little monk in gray and plain monk clothes with kind eyes and kind eyes in front of him is his best friend, little monk Baiyun.

Baiyun put his finger on his lips with a rare seriousness, interrupting Yuan Yutang's desire to reminisce about the past.

Yuan Yutang was stunned, and then remembered that he was still in Lanruo Temple, the dragon's pond and tiger's lair, so he hurriedly suppressed his voice.

Facts have proved that Baiyun's caution is not superfluous.

The next moment, there was a strange sandstorm blowing outside, and the boundless yellow sand almost covered the sky and swept in.

Yuan Yutang was suddenly stunned.

The whistling yellow sand was clearly transformed by a certain big monster with profound knowledge, and the direction it went was also the direction where the fox demon and the swamp iron crocodile were fighting fiercely.

No need to think about it, it must be the swamp iron crocodile who lost to the two Qingqiu foxes and was rescued by others.

And judging by the intensity of its monster aura, it is also a big monster!

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's expression became ugly.

It is rare in the world of big monsters, and it is rare to meet one in decades in normal times. Now there are at least three big monsters gathered in a small Lanruo Temple.

If there is no conspiracy, no fool will believe it.

The development of the situation is getting more and more out of control, and the advantages of the movie plot that Yuan Yutang is familiar with have disappeared.

Coupled with the fact that the peerless strange monster was about to come to the world, he couldn't help being shrouded in a strong sense of powerlessness.

Although Bai Yun reunited with Yuan Yutang after a long absence, he had sharp eyesight and saw the strangeness of his friend, and immediately smiled gently, "Don't be disheartened, benefactor, you must know that manpower has its end, no matter how strong a person is, there will be troubles within his power. Losing fighting spirit because of this, isn't it a disappointment to the fighting spirit of 'Heaven is moving, a gentleman should constantly strive for self-improvement'?"

Everyone knows the truth, but whether it can be done is another question.

Therefore, Yuan Yutang didn't refute, but put his melancholy into his heart, and whispered with a forced smile, "Hehe, I'm fine. By the way, why did you come here suddenly? Didn't you say you were going to practice penance in the temple when you parted last time?" Ten years? How did you get out of customs so quickly?"

Bai Yun clasped his hands together and bowed like a little adult, and then he said solemnly, "Amitabha, the Buddha said that there are three thousand troubles in the world, and the abbot can't say how to get out of the world, so I changed my mind. Pursue sentient beings, do what we can, and save those who should not be exterminated, this is the great wish made by the little monk to the Buddha.”

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help being in a trance for a while, and his eyes were moist.

In my memory, there was also a slovenly and kind old man who said similar words to him.

It's a pity that the old man has passed away for a long time.

Seeing his friend feeling emotional, Bai Yun smiled softly, lowered his eyes and recited the Buddhist meditation mantra silently to help Yuan Yutang stabilize his mind.

In the Buddhist mantra full of compassion and ambition, Yuan Yutang quickly recovered.

Only then did Bai Yun continue with a smile, "As for why the little monk is here suddenly..."

Suddenly pointing his finger at Yuan Yutang, he sighed and said, "That's because half a month ago, when the little monk was wandering in Taixu, he happened to have a whim, and saw an indispensable scene in the future view..."

"In that future, you will die in Lanruo Temple!"

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang gasped and was shocked!


You Ling is the most popular actress in the history of Yanyu Jiangnan. Not only is she beautiful, but she is also good at piano, chess, calligraphy and painting.

Thousands of southern scholars who are conceited about their talents can't hold their heads up.

Such a strange woman who is destined to leave a strong mark in the history books has shocked the world's attention when it comes to choosing a mate.

From civil servants and ministers to traffickers and pawns, as long as they see You Ling, they are all shocked as heaven, and it is not an exaggeration to regard them as goddesses.

In the entire Great Xia Kingdom, any talented and romantic scholar who has not pursued You Ling will not be able to be considered a romantic scholar.

It can be said that after years of enthusiastic fans in the southern literary world have spared no effort to build momentum, You Ling has been promoted from an actress to the altar.

This can be regarded as a little bit of careful thinking of those fans, they are gradually becoming filthy and are not worthy of You Ling, and they don't want other men to get close to You Ling, so the only way is to try their best to elevate her status.

When a woman's status is far above the world, no matter how attractive she is, her suitors will stay away.

It's a pity that those selfish pursuers underestimated Youling's perseverance, and also underestimated the power of love.

Just when the general trend has come and You Ling is about to die forever, she meets an unknown northern warlock.

What everyone didn't expect was that You Ling would fall in love with that dull, poor boy with neither prominent background nor wealth within three days, and even announced in a high-profile way that she would groom him, If you are not a little warlock in this life, you will not marry.

This crazy decision immediately angered those fanatical followers like stabbing a hornet's nest.

The so-called deep love and deep hatred, how fanatical those fans were in the past, how now those people are ten times and a hundred times worse.

In one night, You Ling fell from a proud girl praised by everyone to a silver child who was beaten by everyone.

Despite being condemned by the whole country, despite years of hard work, despite years of hard work, despite the damage to his reputation.

But You Ling always enjoys it.

Because her chosen lover always stood silently in front of her, protecting him from wind and rain.

Choosing such a good son-in-law, what regrets are there in life?

However, just when they went through hardships and obstacles hand in hand, and finally came together, bad luck fell from the sky.

Youlan no longer remembers why that demon haunted them.

Since the appearance of the devil, all her memories are only the word escape.

Like a bereaved dog, they ran and hid everywhere. No matter how many ways they tried, they still couldn't get rid of the thousand-handed demon like a gangrene.

And the thousand-handed demon also made it clear that the chariots and her husband would never die.

You Ling hated, scolded, cried, begged, despaired...

But still can not the most miserable ending.

Her lover, Wang Chixin, the descendant of the mysterious Kunlun School, died before leaving the school, and finally died tragically under the thousand-handed devil's butcher knife in order to save her.

Even if she lingers on, her heart has long gone with Wang Chixin.

So after escaping from danger, she immediately prepared to commit suicide.

It was just when she hung the rope on the tree with great effort and was about to kick away the stepping stones, a beautiful nun suddenly came to her and asked a question that pointed to her heart with a smile.

"Your lover died to save you. If you commit suicide, is his sacrifice worth anything?"

With tears streaming down her face, You Ling said in a hateful voice, "If you don't die for love, what face does the slave family have to live in the world?"

The glamorous nun smiled coquettishly and said, "Fool, you can keep your useful body and avenge your lover."

You Ling said sadly, "I'm a weak woman from my family, how can I avenge Wang Lang?"

"Amitabha, the poor nun is willing to help the donor!"

The charming and charming face of the glamorous nun reveals the viciousness of a poisonous snake, and like a demon that lures mortals into the abyss, she calmly throws out a bargaining chip that You Ling cannot refuse.

You Ling was overjoyed, threw herself on the ground indiscriminately, kowtowed her head like a green onion, and begged bitterly, "Really? Can Master really avenge the slave family? I beg the master to show mercy and help the slave family~"

glamorous nun

Yin smiled and said, "Fool, you have a predestined relationship with my Buddha, and the poor nun will follow your wish today, but once you enter the Buddhist gate, it will be like an ocean. If you want to take revenge with the help of the poor nun, it means that you will be with me from now on." The world of mortals cut off contact, and there is no such person as You Ling in the world."

"You, would you like to?"

You Ling kowtowed until blood was dripping, she agreed without thinking, "As long as I can avenge Wang Lang, I will do anything!"

"Well, since you have such determination, the poor nun will allow you to join me."

"From now on, you will no longer be You Ling, and you will live for revenge for the rest of your life. Volunteer to surrender to my Buddha and become a devout Buddha slave."

"Slave, Qianye... Therefore, the poor nun gave you a new name, the name is..."

"Xiaoqian!!"


		