

The stars and the moon are bright.

Under the same night, compared with the bustling and bustling Guobei County, Jingshan in Shaozhou looks a little cold.

The head of the sect, Yuan Yutang, took away Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi, leaving only Kaishan disciple Xie Xi and the two pets.

The three alien protectors still lived in seclusion, and they didn't know what they were busy with.

Thanks to Yuan Yutang leaving a large sum of money before leaving, most of the dilapidated Zongmen buildings have been repaired, and the weather is changing with each passing day.

Under the bright and clear crescent moon, the flat-headed brother with golden hair mixed with black and white is bored and eating a small fruit, the red rabbit is yawning and dozing on the ground, and there is a small ceramic-like man My son is hugging his knees and looking at the moon in front of the mountain gate, worrying.

Beep tilted his head on his knees, and looked at the sky with two big eyes that were as bright as jewels.

Today is the 68th day since Master left.

She misses Master, Uncle Changsheng, Sister Lanxi, and Uncle Yan with a big beard. Er, she also misses Uncle Li who has been out of action all day long.

She missed them anyway.

I really want to grow up quickly so that I won't be left at home again.

"Oh~"

The originally happy and carefree little angel finally experienced the melancholy that shouldn't be experienced at this age.

Tread~

At this time, a slight sound of footsteps broke the silence.

Brother Pingtou and Uncle Chitu raised their heads in unison like lightning, and shuddered at the same time after only half a glance.

Seeing that the two beloved pets were in a state of panic, he suddenly said angrily, "Grandpa Qingniu, if you mess with Brother Pingtou and the others again, be careful that I will get angry with you!"

As soon as the words fell, there was a burst of dull, magnetic, hearty laughter from behind.

"Okay, okay, Grandpa Qingniu puts down his arrogance now, hehe, don't be angry with Grandpa Qingniu~"

At this time, a big green bull shaking its head came out from the darkness, leisurely came to Mia Miao, bent its front legs and knelt down, and said miraculously, "But these two beasts are spoiled by your master. If you let outsiders see it, they will laugh at your sect for not being able to tame animals. So are you sure you don’t want Grandpa Qingniu to teach them what is called rules?”

Hearing this, he jumped up immediately, puffed his cheeks into buns, and snorted angrily, "Bad Grandpa, Brother Pingtou and Uncle Chitu are our relatives, so they are not beasts! No! You slander them like this!"

Da Qingniu was stunned, and then he laughed and apologized, "Okay, it's Grandpa who said something wrong again, Grandpa will just slap his mouth and punish himself~"

As he spoke, he exaggeratedly raised a front hoof and slapped his mouth twice, which was indescribably funny.

Seeing that the big green cow was interesting, he couldn't help but turn his anger into joy, and giggled into a ball.

Brother Pingtou and Uncle Chitu were not as bold as Xie Bei. Even if the big green cow restrained its momentum, it still made them terrified. They didn't dare to breathe, and continued to lie on their stomachs and pretend to be dead.

After a while of teasing, Da Qingniu asked seemingly casually, "Hey, how did you think about what Grandpa Qingniu told you last time, do you want to learn something from Grandpa Qingniu?"

Hearing the words, his little face suddenly became serious, his little head shook like a rattle, and he refused repeatedly, "No, no, master said, you don't get paid for nothing, you can't just take things from outsiders, even for learning."

Daqingniu earnestly said, "Outsiders should be like this, but your grandfather Qingniu is considered a member of the Jingshan sect, right? Then it is not a taboo to learn from me? Besides, if you are worried about being discovered by your master If so, you can choose not to tell him, wouldn’t you be able to learn the skills and not be punished by Master, so you can get the best of both worlds?”

Hehe hurriedly covered his ears with his hands, and ran to his room with short legs, muttering loudly while running, "Don't listen, don't listen, bastard chant the scriptures~"

Looking at the back of the panic-stricken fleeing, Da Qingniu smirked, and whispered, "When I met this little guy, why didn't I realize that she was..., damn it, she was picked up by that nasty stick

It's a treasure... But it's not a big problem, children, if you coax them, you will naturally give in... Anyway, this disciple, this seat is definitely accepted! "

After finishing speaking, he squinted at Brother Pingtou and Chitu who were pretending to be dead, and the troubled brothers immediately ran away without a trace as if they had been pardoned.

Daqing Niu got up leisurely, and walked down the mountain with a stroll under the moonlight.

After half an hour, two frightened figures emerged from the shadows ten feet away from the mountain gate. They were the guardians of the immortal family, Liuxian Changfei and Xinyuehu Zijuan, who were supposed to be in secluded cultivation.

Looking at the direction in which the big green bull was going away, the two let out a long breath together and almost collapsed to the ground.

After a while, the two of them seemed to come back to life.

Chang Fei whispered with lingering fear, "Hey, Sao Fox, what should we do now?"

Zijuan rolled her eyes speechlessly, and asked knowingly, "What should I do?"

Chang Fei was furious and said, "Don't pretend to be ignorant, we are sharing prosperity and prosperity with Jingshan Sect now, if something happens, no one will feel better about it?"

Zijuan smiled slyly, "Then you should make it clear. If you don't make it clear, how will people know how to give you advice?"

Chang Fei grinned, "Although Laozi is Liu Xian, he doesn't have as many twists and turns as you. Since you don't have the guts to report to the master, then Laozi will not be polite!"

Upon hearing this, Zicuckoo immediately sat up, stared nervously at Chang Fei and said, "Are you crazy? How dare you do such a thing?"

Chang Fei broke his can and said, "Why don't you dare? Then... that person is obviously eyeing the heart of the sect master. If he succeeds and the sect master gets angry, who can bear the consequences?"

Zijuan said anxiously, "Confused, are you stupid? You must know that with the respected status of that person, it is undoubtedly a stroke of luck to be favored by him. How dare you interfere with such a good thing? Could it be that the person who is right You think he has no temper because he caresses and endures in every possible way?"

Chang Fei also stood up, took a fixed look at Zijuan, and spat disdainfully, "Confused? I think you are the one who is confused! This is the Jingshan sect, not a vanity fair where you play tricks on your interests! We entered It was recorded by Jingshan Zongzong! If you are looking for a job in his position, you don't straighten your butt, and you still intend to help outsiders to make plans?

What about the demon king? As long as it is an unstable factor that is not good for our sect, we, as Dharma protectors, should stand up instead of staying out of it!

Bah, I think the leader is too lenient with you, that's why he mistakenly thinks he is a good old man with no temper, right? "

"Differences do not conspire with each other, I will report to the head of the sect together with Hei San, and he will decide everything!"

As he said that, he quickly flew up the mountain with a broken mind, leaving Zijuan with a cloudy face to doubt his life.


		