

Qian Dashan is a butcher in the city, and he usually likes to drink a little wine.

He was drinking alone at home when the upheaval happened in the city.

When I was drunk, I suddenly heard the noise from the outside world, and I was shocked.

When I rushed out, I almost couldn't believe my eyes, only to see that the neighbors in the neighborhood were in a mess, surrounded by city people running around like headless chickens, crying, cursing, and crying in pain.

"What's going on?" Qian Dashan stood at the door at a loss and muttered.

At this moment, a good neighbor passed by in a hurry. Seeing Qian Dashan still standing in a daze, he couldn't help but stop and say a few words.

"Oh, Dashan, what time is it and why don't you run fast? The dog eats the sun, and a strange disaster comes to the world. Our Tongzhou is about to end~"

The neighbor's words scared Qian Dashan out of his drunkenness.

Only now did he realize that the sky in broad daylight had completely darkened.

Isn't this the legendary Tiangou Eclipse Day?

Run, run quickly!

Qian Dashan was shocked suddenly, and hurried back to the room to pack up the things.

It's just that before he returned to the room to wake up the tired woman who helped butcher the pig all night, he suddenly felt something was wrong.

That's not right, the snoring sound of the old lady sleeping is loud, why didn't I hear it today?

Just now he was guilty of drinking and didn't pay attention, but now that he thinks about it, it seems that he hasn't heard anything since he sold the pork and closed the stall.

The more he thought about it, the more frightened he became, and he rushed into the room impatiently.

Unexpectedly, just as he was about to take a step, his trouser legs seemed to be caught by something, and he lost his balance and fell forward suddenly.

"Oh~"

His forehead hit the corner of the table heavily, and the pain immediately made Qian Dashan dizzy.

Just before he got up, he suddenly felt a tearing pain all over his body.

"Ah, ah, it hurts me~"

Qian Dashan rolled desperately on the ground in pain, as if something was biting his body, but there was nothing around him, he was not only in pain, but also frightened and frightened.

After finally standing up again, he hastily lit the oil lamp, and rushed into the bedroom in a panic.

However, the indoor scene illuminated by dim oil lamps made him feel as if he had fallen into an ice cave.

Qian Dashan fell to his knees dumbfounded, ignoring the bursts of tearing pain on his body, he stretched out his hand weakly and desperately, trying to grab something.

It's no wonder why he didn't hear the mother-in-law's snoring. It turned out that the person next to her pillow who lived with her day and night had already died in the bedroom.

And the death was extremely miserable, like being eaten by a group of wild animals, his stomach was ripped open, and the internal organs flowed all over the bed.

"Who the hell, who the hell is so cruel to kill my mother-in-law, come out, come to me if you have the ability, I will kill you!"

Unable to accept the news of his wife's tragic death, Qian Dashan's anger exploded in an instant, he jumped up and rushed to the living room, picked up a sharp butcher's knife, and slashed at the air indiscriminately at home.

"Hmph, snort!"

Suddenly, a familiar voice startled Qian Dashan.

Turning around sharply to look at the source of the sound, he saw a black shadow stepping out of the bedroom he just came out of.

"It was you, did you kill the old lady?"

At this time, Qian Dashan, who was filled with hatred, had no time to think about why a black figure suddenly appeared in the empty bedroom just now. He just wanted to vent the hatred in his heart with the butcher's knife in his hand.

So without saying a word, he stabbed the black shadow's neck fiercely.

This knife is fast and accurate, it looks smooth and flowing, it is a unique skill he has practiced in more than 20 years of killing pigs.

Whether it is a human or a pig, he is sure to kill with one blow.

bang!

Qian Dashan seemed to be stabbed on a rock with the knife that he was bound to get. The huge recoil force shattered his wrist, and the sharp butcher's knife fell out of his hand.

Only then did Qian Dashan seem to wake up a little bit, and he fell to the ground in horror and backed away again and again.

Just now, he seemed to see the true face of the black shadow, but the truth made it difficult for him to accept. _o_m

Because, because of that shadow...

It's actually a monster with a human body and a pig's head~

"Hey, hey~"

The familiar voice came again, Qian Dashan swore that he heard it right.

Definitely the sound of a pig.

how is this possible?

How could there be such a monster in the world?

As soon as the pig-headed man took one step forward, Qian Dashan took a step back until he reached the corner and could not retreat.

"You, don't come here~" Qian Dashan screamed in despair.

It's a pity that the pig-headed man didn't care, and came straight to Qian Dashan, stared at him coldly, and suddenly said, "You live by killing pigs, and the price of your life is the sacrifice of countless pigs. A man's life is his life, so isn't the life of a pig his life?"

"The law of heaven has reincarnation, whoever is spared by the heavens, today is the time for you to pay off your debts!"

After finishing speaking, he jumped up with his teeth and claws.

"Ah~"

After a short scream, everything seemed to be calm.

After half a sound, the pig-headed man stood up in the dark room, shaved the shreds of meat between his teeth, sniffed wildly with the pig's nose, and said happily, "It's the smell of the Night Walking Curse of Hundred Ghosts. I didn't expect that I just ate it. After a meal, the old pig is coming!"

It slammed into the wall, and the pig-headed man walked away.

What happened to Qian Dashan and his wife was not a special case. Every corner of the city was bleeding, as if countless monsters descended in an instant, causing massacres in the city, like a purgatory on earth.

After eating blood, these monsters of unknown origin surrounded Li's mansion without exception.

Because there is a fatal attraction.

"Son, mother and son concentric ghost?"

Yuan Yutang screamed out the identities of the female ghost and ghost baby in horror.

"Da Huang Jing" has a saying: The world is so big, there are ghosts who are born by themselves, called ghosts with the same heart of son and mother, two ghosts with the same heart, sharing yin energy, immortal and immortal, and will cause disasters through the ages!

Yuan Yutang felt his scalp tingle when he thought of the record in the sect master's secret book about the ghost with the same heart between mother and son.

No wonder the female ghost would inexplicably break through and injure herself, no wonder she felt something was wrong before.

The original source is here.

There are not many monsters and ghosts who can be rated as "eternal disaster" by "The Great Wilderness Classic". It is conceivable how difficult it is for ghosts with the same heart and mother.

If you use the familiar language on the earth to describe it, it is unscientific, or not mysterious.

One ghost, two lives, as long as you can't kill two ghosts at the same time, you will be immortal, comparable to the devil Buu among ghosts.

Moreover, the potential of this ghost thing is extremely high, the realm is advancing rapidly, and there is no bottleneck limit at all. If it is allowed to grow, it will reach the ghost king realm unimpeded all the way.

Therefore, the ghost with the same heart between mother and son is also called the backup of the ghost king. As long as it does not die young, it is not mysterious that it will definitely be promoted to the ghost king!

And the most important thing is that this thing is no better than the ghost king, it will not be bound by the boundary of yin and yang (because of the difference between yin and yang, the ghost king will be 90% suppressed by heaven in the human world), in other words, as long as it breaks through the ghost king realm, it is real As the king of ghosts in the world, his strength will not be discounted in the slightest.

Therefore, the ghost with the same heart as mother and son is more like Gubi than Yuan Yutang who is responsible for "The Secret Art of Tiangang".

Looking at the covetous mother-child ghost, Yuan Yutang couldn't help crying in his heart.

Sin~

How much sin did he commit to encounter such a bad thing?

You must know that the mother-child concentric ghost has appeared twice since ancient times, and each time caused a devastating blow to the Taoism at that time, a catastrophic existence that can only be subdued after paying a heavy price.

Why did this kind of thing happen to me~

It's a pity that no one can give Yuan Yutang an answer.

The only thing he can do is to find a way to survive under the hands of the ghost with the same heart and mother who has reached the resentful soul realm (the fairyland of the same people).

The mother ghost seemed to have lost her mind, moving her fat body like a giant, and ran towards Yuan Yutang like a wild bull out of control.

Zi Gui Jie Jie laughed slyly, and turned into a cloud of dark wind hovering, cutting off Yuan Yutang's escape route.

There were tigers in front and wolves in back. Yuan Yutang endured the pain and took out a small porcelain bottle, and deftly poured a drop of bright red crystal clear liquid into his mouth.

As soon as the unknown liquid entered his throat, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a majestic vitality quickly repairing his seriously injured body, not only the broken sternum was corrected and restored, even the left waist from which a large piece of flesh and blood had been torn off was regenerated and healed quickly.

This is one of Yuan Yutang's trump cards.

One, the essence and blood of ginseng boys who can live the dead, flesh and bones!

After recovering, Yuan Yutang didn't dare to neglect. After weighing the pros and cons, he decided to use the female ghost as a breakthrough.

With a cry of anger, Yuan Yutang raised his fist to meet the menacing female ghost.

boom!

Blessed by the wind and rain, mana surged, and Yuan Yutang's unpretentious punch hit the mother ghost's white-faced head that had swelled several times.

And he was also slapped on the left shoulder by the mother ghost, and he clearly heard a sound of bone fracture coming from his body, and he couldn't help feeling horrified.

He has already covered his whole body with the strongest defensive "Silent Armor" and the unloading "Tai Chi Force Field". Unexpectedly, even the double insurance can't withstand the female ghost's palm, and he really deserves to be a bug-level ghost. jj.br>

Although he lost an arm, he didn't lose.

The punch that condensed all his background was like the wrath of a god, and its power was unparalleled. Even if the mother ghost had the strength of the resentful soul at this time, it was difficult to resist, and her entire head was smashed.

This is his strongest ultimate move in "Fist Gang" - God's Wrath!

Not daring to hesitate for a moment, after killing the mother ghost, Yuan Yutang brushed past the headless corpse and fled away at top speed.

It's a pity that his wishful thinking is doomed to fail.

In addition to the mother ghost, the child ghosts and baby ghosts were obviously more difficult to deal with.

"Wow~"

A roar that was sharp enough to shatter glass suddenly sounded, Yuan Yutang only felt the Lingtai tremble, and he lost his mind for a moment.

It's just that when he came back to his senses, he was startled and secretly thought it was going to be bad. Error-free update@

Sure enough, a strange wind swirled around him, as if the wind was mixed with sharp blades, like a huge meat grinder started, blowing Yuan Yutang's body to pieces in an instant.

Wipe it!

The blood was dancing wildly with tiny pieces of flesh, and Yuan Yutang, who was instantly hacked into pieces, gritted his teeth, took out a blue talisman and stuck it on his body, and roared angrily, "There are no taboos, I am the only one, and I am as urgent as the law!"

Before he could finish his words, his aura soared abnormally and crazily, erupting suddenly, directly dissipating the terrifying wind that wanted to drag him down.

The blue talisman is called "Human Candle Talisman". As the name suggests, it is a talisman that uses people as candles to stimulate potential.

Although the stimulation of potential is good, but the unrestrained explosion is the most feared. When the body can't bear it, it will be lost forever.

Yuan Yutang hadn't used the "Human Candle Talisman" since he learned it, and using it at this time meant that he was going to do his best. .


		