

Sun Yi's talent is not extraordinary, it can even be said to be mediocre.

Under normal circumstances, if you want to step into the ranks of warlocks from mortals, it is best to break through from acquired Dzogchen to monks before the age of twenty-five.

Although there is no absolute in everything, there are also late blooming geniuses in the world.

But in general, whether one can break through to the monk realm before the age of twenty-five is an important criterion for measuring a warlock's potential.

If you can't break through to the monk level before the age of twenty-five, even if you can break through in the future, you will probably be considered a waste.

And Sun Yi is a recognized waste.

He was already twenty-nine years old when he broke through to the monk realm, and he was also the last one among his senior brothers to break through.

For a long time, Sun Yi was ridiculed and belittled.

But instead of giving up on himself, he worked harder.

Sometimes hard work is just futile, but sometimes...

Hard work will produce miracles! !

The brothers and sisters practiced for five hours a day, and Sun Yi would secretly practice more, and would never stop before eight hours.

It was because of this desperate fighting spirit that Sun Yi came first and became the top five among his brothers who broke through the realm of real people, making him a blockbuster.

When he showed his cultivation in the real world, all the brothers who looked down on him, even the professors and elders were shocked for a long time.

Looking at the stunned faces, at that moment Sun Yi felt that the hardships he had suffered were not in vain.

but……

From the moment of birth, this world has never been fair.

Sun Yi's good luck has been exhausted by relying on his hard work and breaking through to the real world first.

And there is a huge watershed between the fairyland and the real world. If you want to understand the five hurdles in life, in addition to hard work, it depends more on talent and luck.

Without extraordinary talent and luck, no matter how hard you work, it is absolutely impossible to go from human to immortal and enter the fairyland where heaven and man are separated.

Therefore, Sun Yi has been stuck in the fairyland for twelve years.

He is forty-seven years old this year.

If he fails to break through to the Immortal Realm before the age of sixty, it means that his long life has come to an end, and there is no hope of finding a chance to ascend in this life.


"Ghost, look at the sword!"

Sun Yi's beard and hair were all stretched out, he squeezed his sword fingers and suddenly roared and hit the spell.

All of a sudden, the room was full of sword energy, and a piece of furniture seemed to be drawn by invisible clues, and smashed towards the puppet blocking the door.

The Sword Spirit of the Earth - Fusing Objects into Swords!

The puppet sneered twice, neither dodging nor dodging, allowing it to be buried by the sundries buffed with sword energy.

Boom, boom, boom~

Like a violent explosion, the terrifying loud noise continued to explode.

Wu Gang, who was like a human stick, stretched out his neck to watch the battle, and couldn't help showing joy.

All of his wealth and life were pinned on Sun Yi, and he was naturally overjoyed to see Sun Yi displaying his supernatural power.

But there was no joy on Sun Yi's face.

He knew that spells of this level were not enough to subdue the puppet.

Bang bang bang, bang bang...

Sure enough, when the sundries were gone and the dust cleared, the puppet was still intact and motionless.

"...On this level??"

Being ridiculed by a ghost, Sun Yi was furious immediately, mobilizing his mana and roaring awe-inspiringly:

"Ghost animal, don't be mad, and take another sword from the old man!"

Speaking of which, Sun Yi quickly concluded the handprint, his aura was high, and the surging mana swayed a gust of wind in place.

He completed the spell in Xumijian, his hands slammed on the ground like thunder, and he shouted fiercely:

"Earth Xing Sword Spirit, Hundred Knights break through the formation, kill!"

Puff puff!

The next moment, dozens of hundreds of rock cavalry unexpectedly drilled out of the ground, crushing half of the warehouse in an instant.

Suddenly broken tiles and bricks fell like rain.

Wu Gang couldn't move, and the souls of the dead screamed, "Immortal Elder, save me~"

Suddenly a wave of translucent mana enveloped him, and he let out a big breath with lingering fear.

The rock cavalry ignored the debris and quickly lined up neatly. At the same time, they drove the rock horses under their crotches and sprinted with all their strength.

In an instant, the war horse roared, and the iron hooves shattered the sky.

A hundred rock cavalry turned into an invincible torrent, rushing towards the puppet unstoppably.

"...Finally, something interesting..."

The puppet clasped its arms and smacked its mouth. Its originally stiff and rigid expression suddenly became ferocious, and it could not be seen how it moved. Suddenly, eight lifelike puppets with different expressions appeared in the air in front of them, holding hands, shoulder to shoulder, almost A breathing room forms a human wall defense line.

The eight puppets were male and female, old and young, and they were clearly puppets made by the victims killed by it.

It is already miserable enough that these innocent people were killed, but they never thought that they would have no peace after death.

It was too late and then it was too fast, the menacing rock cavalry rushed to them in the blink of an eye, and slammed into the puppet wall like a bamboo.

boom!

Ping ping pong!

A muffled loud noise was mixed with piercing shattering sounds, and the strong wind leveled all the buildings within a radius of 50 feet, forming a shocking vacuum.

The action of force is mutual, and there is no winner in this contest of spear and shield.

Whether it was the rock cavalry charging into battle, or the puppet wall defending solidly, in the terrifying collision, without exception, they were all smashed to pieces.

This round was barely a draw.

"puff!"

At the moment when the entire army of rock cavalry was wiped out, Sun Yi, who was casting spells from a distance, turned pale in vain, and opened his mouth to spurt out a bloody arrow.

"Wow, sir, are you alright?"

Wu Gang was so scared out of his wits by the scene of Sun Yi spurting blood.

Sun Yi wiped the blood from his lips, and replied weakly, "It's okay, I didn't expect that ghost animal to grow to the peak of a ghost in a short period of time. If it escapes and continues to grow, it will become a serious disaster in the future!"

"Whatever you say today, you have to keep it, even if it costs the old man's life!"

Hearing Sun Yi's powerful and resolute declaration, Wu Gang's heart that was hanging in the air finally fell safely.

He didn't care about the threat of the puppet growing up, he only worried about his own life.

It is true that the spell was injured by Po Sun Yi backlash, but the puppet was also uncomfortable.

Those eight puppets are in the same vein as it, which is equivalent to its incarnation.

If it is broken suddenly, it will naturally hurt it.

However, the fierce confrontation that seemed to be done by the gods just now was just an appetizer, and the fierce confrontation that followed was the decisive moment of life and death.

Sun Yi took a long breath, suppressed the tumbling wounds in his internal organs, concentrated his eyes, his breath rose steadily, as if a peerless sword was about to be unsheathed.

Feeling the threat from the opponent, the puppet put away all the playful colors since the start of the war. Wisps of faint blue breath emerged from the shiny puppet body, and soon condensed into a huge palm in mid-air. Countless illusory silk threads hung down, connecting to On it, it looks like a wonderful puppet show is about to start.

The wind stopped, the clouds did not move, and the people and residents of Shaozhou felt uneasy at the same time, as if some disaster was about to come.

And the source of everything comes from the upcoming duel between good and evil.

Wu Gang, the only witness who was lucky enough to participate in the whole process, was terrified and did not dare to breathe, fearing that if he was not careful, he would be caught in the pond.

Suddenly.

One person and one ghost, who had been holding back for a long time, started at the same time.

"Ghost animal, the old man will definitely call you back tonight!"

"...Old Niubi...after you die...I'm going to make puppets of everyone in the entire city...quack..."

In a blink of an eye, the two figures collided violently, causing strong winds on the flat ground.

Wu Gang was stunned, his eyes widened, trying to catch the whereabouts of the two figures.

It's a pity that mortal eyes are doomed to be futile, and it is impossible to see the slightest trace of that person and ghost.

One person and one ghost fought faster and faster, and it was like a hurricane passing through the East City to the West Street in a moment.

At this time, Shaozhou city was in chaos, and countless people woke up from their sleep in a panic. They were immediately frightened by the terrible aftermath of the battle, and ran out of the house like headless flies with their families and went straight to several city gates. But because of this, all the government servants who were urgently dispatched to maintain order and the government soldiers who entered the city to quell the chaos were all blocked, and there were idlers and rascals who were fishing in troubled waters to add fuel to the fire.

The panic tends to intensify.

In wartime, the city might be in danger of being destroyed at any time.

The culprit who caused the riots is still fighting fiercely.

"Ghost, die!"

Just now when the puppet dodged the five bursts of earth spirit sword energy in an extremely strange posture, Sun Yi was not annoyed but happy, and pointed his sword towards the irrevocable puppet's chest as fast as lightning.

With a crisp bang, the puppet's indestructible body, which was comparable to gold and stone, was pierced by the concentrated biting sword energy.

The puppet counterattacked desperately, kicked Sun Yi away ferociously, and opened the distance again.

Taking advantage of the gap, Sun Yi seized the time to regain his energy. Although he severely injured the puppet, he was exhausted, and if he didn't regain his energy, his success might fail.

The puppet looked down at the big hole in the chest with a gloomy face, and the blazing killing intent rarely ignited in the gray and empty eyes.

After casting a cold glance at Sun Yi, the puppet then made a move that stunned Sun Yi.

I saw that it summoned a puppet with the same specific shape, and then dismantled its own head like a building block, held its own head in one hand, and unscrewed the new puppet's head with the other hand, and then put its head on the new puppet Immediately after his body, the familiar faint blue yin energy suddenly aroused.

In this way, under Sun Yi's gaze, the puppet performed a weird trick of moving its head and changing its body, and regained its combat power.

Sun Yi was taken aback, thinking that this ghost is so treacherous?

If its puppet stand-in is enough, wouldn't it be possible to recover from any injuries it receives by dismantling and replacing it, and it can never be killed?

Thinking of this, Sun Yi couldn't help trembling with fear.

It is obvious that his strength is slightly better than that of the puppet, but the puppet has such a heaven-defying recovery ability, which immediately puts him at an absolute disadvantage.

No, you can't fight like this again, otherwise you will definitely lose!

Sun Yi desperately thought about countermeasures in his mind, trying to find out the weakness of the puppet.

But time waits for no one, and the puppet can't wait for him to come up with countermeasures with good intentions.

"...A mortal is still a mortal after all...how can you be compared with a god...you are already very strong...you can die in the hands of me, a new god...you should die without regret..."

The puppet pressed on step by step, with a murderous grin and said:

"...You are at the end of your rope... Accept failure obediently... Be one of my collections..."

Hearing the puppet's extremely aggressive provocation, Sun Yi miraculously calmed down.

With a faint sigh, Sun Yi stood up calmly and looked at the domineering puppet expressionlessly.

"...Oh... don't tell me you're still planning to die..." the puppet taunted wantonly.

Sun Yi clasped his hands together and raised his head high, with a solemn expression, ignoring the puppet's provocation, and murmured to himself:

"Master, this unworthy disciple dares to show off your famous skills today. I hope your spirit in heaven can bless me, punish evil and demons, and uphold justice!"

In an instant, the puppet felt a chill in his heart, and immediately turned around and ran away without thinking.

It's a pity that it is too late to find out that something is wrong.

I saw Sun Yi gently waved his palm down, as if he had been holding a sword for decades.

"Thirty-six swords, destroy in all directions!"

"No~"

After an extremely shrill scream, a sword light soaring into the sky shone across the city.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 42: Sword Thirty-six·Destroyed in all directions.




		