

Catch the fugitive! "

"A fugitive? Where are the fugitives?"

"The man in front stops!"

"Brothers, someone is robbing the business, copying the guy and fucking the mother!"


Yuan Yutang sat in the tea shop with his companions eagerly, watching quietly the two gangs of yamen policemen fighting together in the street not far away, and the sound of weapons clashing was endless.

These people are not acting, but really fighting with their lives.

Soon someone fell to the ground seeing blood, the loser was beaten and fled in embarrassment, even ignoring the wounded, and the winner flaunted his power with arrogance.

Who would have thought that the reason for the cost of several lives was that two groups of police officers mistakenly regarded a pedestrian as a fugitive, and then drew their swords at each other without saying a word.

The rest of the passers-by looked numb, as if they had already seen the strangeness.

After the victorious policemen flaunted their force and walked away, the bosses of several nearby coffin shops rushed up like vultures, and staged another spectacular battle for the hot dead bodies on the ground.

Well, it has an inner taste, which is close to the simple folk customs of Gotham.

It is the Guobei County in the memory of a generation.

Although the plot of "A Chinese Ghost Story 1" has not yet unfolded, everything is not accomplished overnight, so the current Guobei County is almost the same as the future generations.

Perhaps the people here have long been used to the scene of killing people in the street and confiscating the good, but it is still quite new to Yuan Yutang and the others.

"Well, Guobei County is located in a remote corner, located at the westernmost end of the imperial court. Since ancient times, it has been known as the Corridor of the Western Regions. I have long heard that there is a mix of Hu and Xia here, and the folk customs are tough. It has always been synonymous with chaos, but I didn't expect it to become so chaotic. This is really an eye-opener~" Yan Chixia shook her head and said with emotion.

Li Chunyi, who was on the side, took the words and teased, "This is tough? This is stupid! You have paid a few lives for nothing without even getting half a dime. How much alcohol would you have to drink to do such a stupid thing!"

Yuan Yutang smiled lightly, "Okay, don't gloat, it's time to work."

"By the way, what is the mission of your town magician? Earlier you said that the demons and goblins here are in great trouble, and it has reached the point where it can't be ignored. What exactly is it?"

Li Chun paused for a moment when he heard the words, put away his jokes, and said solemnly, "The mansion report presented by the Taoist government is full of water. It is too early to talk about it now. I need to verify this matter myself. I will do it at that time." Intend."

Yuan Yutang nodded, and said, "In that case, Brother Yan and I will go to Lanruo Temple to find out first. Anyway, no one can escape Lanruo Temple where the demons gather. It's okay, right?"

"It's okay, what should I do?" Li Chunyi agreed with a smile.

They agreed to meet at the Tongxin Inn in the county seat five days later, and immediately split up.


That night.

The clouds are thin and the stars are bright, and the moonlight is desolate.

Two figures were walking on the wilderness path with lanterns in hand.

The two wore Confucian crowns, Confucian gowns, and bamboo boxes on their backs. They looked like down-and-out scholars rushing all night to save money.

But if you take a closer look, you will immediately overturn the previous conclusion.

Because the two of them are not at all like frail scholars who do not work hard and only read sage books.

The scholar on the left is wearing a dark blue Confucian robe with a hulking back, a curly beard and a wide mouth, thick eyebrows and big eyes. The obviously inappropriate Confucian robe is stretched to the point of tearing. If he takes off this outfit, even a butcher has a human form.

In contrast, the handsome young man on the right, wearing a light blue Confucian robe and obviously stronger than ordinary scholars, looks more like a scholar.

"...I said dear brother, is it really necessary to do this? It's really hard to strangle my brother..."

As he walked, the mighty scholar who was as tall as an iron tower complained bitterly in vain.

The corners of the handsome scholar's mouth twitched a few times when he heard the words, he hurriedly held back, and said solemnly, "No, brother Yan, I heard that the tree demon has a large group of beautiful female ghosts under his command, specially to seduce strong and strong men, especially weak scholars. When the bliss is ecstasy and the blood is swollen, the tree demon will ruthlessly suck their yang energy dry."

"If we don't make disguises, do you think we can catch the female ghost? If the female ghost doesn't come out, how can we attract the tree demon who is hiding behind the scenes?"

The burly scholar was taken aback by the handsome scholar, and asked subconsciously, "No, dear brother, we seem to have heard that you came from the Northeast and have never been to Shannan Road, let alone Guobei County, why did you Will you know the tree demon in Lanruo Temple like the palm of your hand?"

The handsome scholar rolled his eyes silently when he heard the words, and said in his heart, can I tell you that the classic film "A Chinese Ghost Story 1" has been watched no less than twenty times, and the plots in it are all memorized?

It goes without saying that these two nondescript scholars are Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia.

Just as Yuan Yutang thought in his heart, he is familiar with the plots of the "A Chinese Ghost Story" trilogy.

It was also because of this that he didn't rush straight into Lanruo Temple, the demon den, recklessly.

The tree demon's grandma is extremely cunning and extremely good at hiding her aura. In the movie, even Yan Chixia, who has deep knowledge in the future, can't find his trace. It's called hermitage, but it's actually the caretaker's empty life.

So if you want to kill grandma, you must find her lair and kill her body, so that she can be done once and for all.

Don’t you see that in the movie "A Chinese Ghost Story 1", the old Yan Chixia tried her best to injure it and sleep for a hundred years, but couldn't kill it?

Although Yuan Yutang claimed that his strength was comparable to that of a human being, and he had two great masters from the fairyland to help him, it would be foolish to think that he could easily kill grandma.

The dryad grandma is not easy to deal with, and no matter how many claws and ghosts he has, just being his biggest ally, the old black mountain demon who is suspected of being the ghost king of the underworld, is enough to make him feel extremely afraid.

To sum up, if you want to kill demons and eliminate demons, you must rely on outsmarting.

So there is this slightly funny scene now.

"Woo~"

The two chatted to relieve boredom while rushing along the road. Unexpectedly, a wolf howled suddenly in the woods ahead.

Yan Chixia pricked up her ears to listen for a moment, then smiled nonchalantly, "It's nothing, ordinary animals are just hunting for food at night, so there's no need to make a fuss."

Yuan Yutang shook his head solemnly and denied, "I don't think so. You must know that the monsters' methods are unpredictable. How can you know if there is a magic power to drive beasts and act like a whistle?"

This statement is not that Yuan Yutang is aimless, but has evidence.

Every time a wolf howls in the first and second parts of "A Chinese Ghost Story", weird events will happen soon, so Yuan Yutang has reason to suspect that the wild wolves walking around Lanruo Temple are probably the eyeliner cultivated by the dryad's grandmother.

But it doesn't matter if they are discovered, they are still worried about whether to read in the middle of the night like in the movie plot to attract the female ghost.

As long as you don't startle the snake, you can say anything.

After thinking about it, Yan Chixia also felt that it made sense, so she pretended nothing happened and walked towards Lanruo Temple hidden in the woods.

Why Lanruo Temple got its name and when it was built, these reasons have long been submerged in the long river of history.

But the people in several surrounding counties know the evil here.

Under normal circumstances, no one dares to approach even in broad daylight.

Unless they are uninformed passers-by or poor refugees, no one dares to come to this ghostly place that eats people.

But when Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia found Lanruo Temple, they couldn't help being stunned.

Because there were seven or eight horse-drawn carriages parked in the deserted temple that was originally inaccessible, and the sound of lights and people could be seen in the dilapidated temple, it was obvious that someone had already arrived first.

Yan Chixia stared blankly at a fat man coming out of a side hall drunkenly, and the sound of silk, bamboo, and zither playing could be heard inside, so she couldn't help but gasped and said, "My dear brother, this is not a well-known evil place. Land? Why does it look like it’s no better than a night market restaurant now, can’t it be a trick of a demon?”

Today, he has not yet cultivated the Buddha Eye (Heavenly Eye) that can penetrate the illusory world, so he believes that Yuan Yutang, who is destined to eat Henggong fish meat, will obtain the attribute of "no confusion, so he asks this question."

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly and shook his head, "Brother Yan, be more confident, it's not a cover-up, but someone really is having a carnival here."

Yan Chixia hissed, and said in amazement, "Who is so courageous? Knowing that the unknown here dares to indulge in carnival, can't you be a fool?"

"Have you ever seen a fool driving a expensive sandalwood carriage? And there are a bunch of them!" Yuan Yutang complained angrily.

That's right, all the carriages parked in front of the temple building are made of precious sandalwood, and each one is worth tens of millions. Obviously, those people who have fun in the temple are of great status.

only.

It would be understandable to say that the desperate poor were forced to stay here, but it would be very puzzling if a group of dignitaries came here to have a party.

The two met without a word.

Suddenly the well-clothed fat man who went out to relieve himself found them and shouted in surprise, "It's such a pleasure to have a friend from afar, and the two brothers came here specially for the test of courage?"

Before the two of Yuan Yan could return, the fat man went up to hold their hands very familiarly, and walked towards the main hall where the most loud voices were heard without any explanation.

"Come and come, it's fate to meet, it's rare that so many like-minded friends get together, you two have to come over for a few drinks no matter what!"

Yuan Yutang was still in a daze until he sat down.

In the corner of the main hall, a few dilapidated and incompletely seen statues of gods were randomly thrown on the ground, and the arched tables of the shrine were emptied and placed side by side. The simple and honest man is playing with a golden roasted whole lamb dripping with oil.

This alone was not enough to shock Yuan Yutang.

The most outrageous thing is that Kuangsheng, who was full of drunken advice, actually brought a team of musicians to play live.

It's outrageous that the mother opened the door for the outrageous-the outrageous is home! !

"Hahaha, Xiongtai looks very unfamiliar. I don't know which great Confucian's student he is? Brother, I am the closed disciple of Pu Songling, a great Confucian in Luzhou!"

A drunken scholar walked up frivolously, seemingly proudly, and put his arms around Yuan Yutang's shoulders, reeking of alcohol, announcing himself, and then complacently waiting for Yuan Yutang to compliment him.

It's just that Yuan Yutang was overwhelmed by the scholar's teacher's name.

Did Pu Songling of Te Niang also travel to the world of Liaozhai?

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 43: Lanruo Temple, Guobei County, free to read.




		