

April 17 is an auspicious day, suitable for all but not for nothing.

Yuan Yutang came to the yamen of the ancestral hall, looked at the bustling crowd, and couldn't help feeling a little numb.

It is not easy to be a monk or Taoist priest in Daxia. It does not mean that you can call yourself a monk if you shave your head or put on your temples.

The Ministry of Temple is a special department, nominally under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Officials, but in fact it is detached, governing the affairs of Taoist monks all over the world, and will not easily issue certificates to recognize monks and Taoist priests.

You must know that monks have a detached status in this world. In addition to being treated with courtesy by the people, they can also enjoy real benefits, such as no need to pay taxes, no need to serve corvee and other preferential policies, so many rich and powerful men try their best to take advantage of loopholes or hide their population Or annex farmland.

As early as the beginning of the founding of the Great Xia, Emperor Taizu anticipated that the above-mentioned disadvantages might appear in later generations, so he ordered the temple department to tighten the issuance of degree certificates early on.

It's a pity that there are policies above and countermeasures below.

Emperor Taizu's painstaking efforts were destined to fail.

Most of the bald and Taoist-dressed people gathered in front of the shrine's gate today are ruffians who want to fish in troubled waters. They want to try their luck to see if they can get a certificate and live a well-fed life from then on.

It's just that when they were old, they couldn't even enter the gate of the ancestral hall.

Anyway, the rascals don’t have much, they just have a lot of time, and they won’t get pregnant if they try, so what if they get lucky?

Therefore, all the temples in various states across the country are crowded with people throughout the year.

Yuan Yutang sighed quietly, tightened the identity documents he had prepared in his arms, then strode up and squeezed into the crowd.

"Oh, who the hell is jostling, do you know the rules!"

"Don't squeeze the ones in the back, labor and capital have been squeezed out overnight!"

Immediately, the wild monks and wild Taoists who pretended to be at the door were crowded and turned on their backs, shouting and cursing.

With Yuan Yutang's cultivation level, joining a team was a piece of cake, and he quickly squeezed to the front.

The courtyard of the ancestral hall is quite grand, with a pair of exquisite white jade lions in front of the gate, a gate with red rivets, and a plaque with flying dragons and phoenixes hanging on the lintel, which reads: ancestral hall.

Yuan Yutang ignored the vicious cursing behind him, and calmly went up to knock on the door.

After a few times, a lazy voice came from behind the door:

"Who dares to run around in important places in the yamen, aren't you afraid of being boarded?"

Yuan Yutang laughed loudly, "Yuan Yuji, the twenty-eighth head of the Jingshan Sect of the Poor Daoist, paid a special visit to the servant of Shaozhou Temple Department, and I would like to ask you to report."

Following Yuan Yutang's self-report, the people behind the door seemed to be taken aback. After a while, the vermilion lacquered door creaked and a gap opened, and half of his head was exposed inside. He asked in surprise:

"Isn't everyone in the Jingshan sect dead? Where did the twenty-eighth generation head come out? Besides, isn't Yujizi the immortal Daoist name of Li Hong?"

Yuan Yutang raised eyebrows when he heard the words.

Li Hong is the layman's name of Sloppy Old Daoist. I didn't expect that Sloppy Old Daoist has left Shaozhou for so long, yet someone still knows him.

Just listening to the concierge's words, it seemed to be full of sarcasm, which made Yuan Yutang feel very uncomfortable. @*~~

The concierge looked at Yuan Yutang carefully for a moment, and said with a smile, "Hey, isn't it just a doll with no hair yet? You dare to boast and call yourself the head of the Jingshan sect. Hurry up, and if you dare to make trouble, be careful to strip your pants and twitch board."

He said he wanted to close the door.

With sharp eyesight and quick hands, Yuan Yutang grabbed the door panel in an instant, and then passed the prepared identity documents through the crack of the door without saying a word.

The concierge subconsciously took the paperwork, and was horrified just by looking at it.

Because there are quite a few seals of important government offices in these documents, among which the seal of the Northeast Governor's Mansion is the most eye-catching.

The so-called Hades is easy to see, but the imp is hard to deal with.

The concierge has been welcoming and sending off documents at the ancestral hall for decades, and he has been cleared for a long time, so he can tell at a glance that these documents do not seem to be fake.

But so what if the paperwork is real?

That yellow-haired boy didn't know the rules at all, he thought he wanted to step into the gate of the ancestral hall with these few blank sheets of paper, he didn't even prepare for the most basic filial piety, he was dreaming!

Feeling angry, the concierge closed the door forcefully, muttering, "What's the matter with you, kid? I can't read, hurry up!"


A sneer sneered at the corner of Yuan Yutang's mouth, without saying much, he just held the door panel like this, no matter how hard the porter tried, he couldn't close the door as he wished.

The scoundrels in the back also thought about it, waiting to watch the play one by one with malicious intentions.

It's been a long time since I've seen Tie Tie's Lengtouqing dare to challenge the ancestral hall. They are looking forward to the next plot.

The concierge was exhausted and Yuan Yutang couldn't do anything about it, and immediately said angrily, "You scumbag, dare to make trouble in the temple, today I will show you what is the majesty of the government!"

"Come here, some people are trying to force their way into the yamen, come here quickly!"

As he spoke, the porter roared loudly, and soon there were hurried footsteps behind the door.

Yuan Yutang remained expressionless.

It's not that he doesn't know how the government handles affairs, and it's not that he doesn't want to give up the little money, but he is very upset when this hateful concierge speaks rudely to his mentor. jj.br>

How could he be willing to smile and give bribes under such circumstances?

It's all here, today he must make a breakthrough in this ancestral hall!

Not long after, the gate was forced in by a big hand, Yuan Yutang also let go at the right time, and a group of guards in red soap clothes rushed out ferociously.

"It's you, a scumbag, who is doing wild things in the ancestral hall?"

The leading guard, with big arms and round waist, eyes like copper bells, and disheveled hair like an angry lion, questioned Yuan Yutang viciously.

With the support of the guards, the porter suddenly became arrogance, hid behind the people with his hips crossed and yelled, "That's right, that's right, it's the traitor who wants to break into the temple, and the guards will quickly take down the criminals!"

Officials are always arrogant, and the wooden guard didn't care whether the porter's words were true or not, so he put his big hat on Yuan Yutang's head, and said angrily, "Trespassing in the important place of the yamen is tantamount to rebellion, boy, you are going to be in trouble ! Come, let the guards take down the criminals!"

With an order, the guards behind him acted immediately.

These veterans may not be able to fight on the battlefield, but they have been around for a long time, and they have already developed a sharp eye. At a glance, they can see that Yuan Yutang, who is well-dressed, has a good fortune, and they are all ready to slaughter fat sheep.

It's a pity that what they don't know is that the real identity of this fat sheep that seems to be slaughtered wantonly is a prehistoric beast.

Yuan Yutang smiled coldly and stared sharply.

The terrifying momentum spread out like a mountain of corpses and a sea of ​​blood.

"Hiss~"

In an instant, the air seemed to freeze, and all the noise stopped abruptly, leaving only a series of gasps.

Who is Yuan Yutang?

He is a sturdy figure killed out of a mountain of corpses and a sea of ​​blood. How can ordinary people easily resist his terrifying aura?

As soon as the aura is opened, it immediately frightens the soul of the guard who usually only bullies the good and fears the evil.

The wooden guard leader's position as the guard leader proves that he is not a dead man. Although he was horrified by Yuan Yutang's terrifying aura in his heart, he was unwilling to back down under the watchful eyes of everyone. But you think that you can offend the majesty of the government by relying on this level of morality, isn't it too naive?"

"Look at the fight!"

The sound was like thunder, and the body was like a tiger leaping. The wooden guard leader would fight as soon as he said it, and Ling Ran broke out with a violent fist and foot attack.

Yuan Yutang twitched the corner of his mouth in disdain.

The pinnacle of the martial arts world is also worthy of fighting in front of me?

It seems that the water in the Wang pond in Shaozhou is still too shallow to support Jiaolong at all.

Forget it, since this wooden guard leader is used to running rampant in the small discount pond in Shaozhou, let him see what it means to be someone other than someone else today. @*~~

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang didn't dodge or dodge, and stepped straight into the field of fists and feet led by the wooden guards.

Raise hands, buckle, raise knees, slam.

The four steps are smooth, simple and direct.

bump!

In the next moment, the wooden guard's face blossomed, and blood burst out.

After not using ancient muay thai for a long time, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling refreshed. He walked slowly, and then rushed to his knees. His iron-like knees suddenly hit the deformed ugly face of the wooden guard collar like a mountain and a sea.

bump bump bump bump!

The dull physical beating sound was like a dense explosion of piling, and the rascals watching the theater behind couldn't bear to look sideways.

All of them turned their heads in fear.

It hit a full eighteen knees, and it was Yuan Yutang who deliberately controlled his strength, otherwise the head of the wooden guard leader would have been crushed alive.

If so, the wooden guard led away to his last breath.

After finishing his addiction, Yuan Yutang threw the dying wooden guard aside like trash, smiled at the silent guards and doorman, and said again, "Now, I don't know if I am qualified to enter the door?"

The guards and the concierge shuddered, and they looked at Yuan Yutang as if they had seen a ghost in the daytime. With the lessons learned from the guards, how could they dare to show their beards?

The concierge immediately showed a smiling face uglier than crying, and stammered, "Yes, it's a villain who has no eyes. I, I'll report it right now, please wait a moment~"

After finishing speaking, he ran to report.

The scoundrels who watched and ate melons were full after watching the play, and left in a hurry, ready to spread rumors full of joy. Error-free update@

The frightened guards got Yuan Yutang's approval, and hurriedly carried away the wooden guard leader whose life or death was uncertain.

In an instant, the bustling gate of the ancestral hall became deserted.

Yuan Yutang didn't wait long, and soon the concierge hurried over with a long history.

Chang Shi was the head of the clerks of the yamen, he didn't dare to hesitate after hearing the porter's report, for fear that he would be caught in trouble if he was too late, he accompanied Yuan Yutang along the way with a smiling face, and quickly helped Yuan Yutang complete the document in half a day.

It wasn't until Yuan Yutang swaggered away from the ancestral hall that Chang Shi and the concierge breathed a sigh of relief.

The concierge didn't dare to say angrily until he couldn't see Yuan Yutang's back, "Hey, you're a barbarian! Do you really think that you can run wild if you are strong? I don't know that the previous head of the Jingshan sect was meddling in other people's business, and was arrested by Kuiziying I'll see how long you can be so arrogant!"

Chang Shi put on a show and said, "Forget it, why bother to get angry with such an idiot? The so-called unrighteousness will lead to self-death. This young man's behavior is so high-profile, sooner or later he will suffer a big fall."

How did you know that these words were like adding fuel to the fire, instantly igniting the anger of the concierge, and he cursed angrily, "No, labor and management can't swallow this breath, so go tell Zongbing Yang of Kuiziying!"

Seeing the porter leaving in a hurry, Chang Shi smiled.

The plan to kill with a knife is done! .


		