

"Are you one of the eight phases under the seat of the Eight-faced Buddha, the "Tao phase"?"

Bai Shanhe's face was very ugly, and he scolded angrily like his eyes were spitting fire.

Xu Fang nodded calmly, and revealed a shocking secret, "You were lucky enough to escape with your life eighteen years ago, let's make a deal today."

"Bastard, take your life!"

Bai Shanhe couldn't bear it anymore, and rushed furiously.

He has always had an inhumane wound in his heart.

Eighteen years ago, young and energetic, he went down the mountain with his master to practice, but accidentally met a mysterious person.

The mysterious human being was so profound that he almost beat his master to death in front of his face, and even blatantly blew himself up as a "Taoist".

If it wasn't for the elders of the sect to rescue him in time, I'm afraid he would have died back then.

For countless suns and moons in the past eighteen years, he dreamed of revenge.

Now that the enemy he has been dreaming of is in front of him, how can he bear it!

""Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers", five mountains style!"

All of a sudden, Bai Shanhe's fists, feet, and torso, under the blessing of the secret power of the human body, seemed to turn into giant mountains of five mountains, heading towards Xu Fang Town surgingly and vastly.

Xu Fang was not in a hurry, the gossip talisman appeared out of thin air, and a strange beast emerged from each of the eight hexagrams, charging fearlessly.

As soon as Bai Shanhe looked at the posture, his eyes turned red immediately, and he roared angrily, ""Eight Trigrams and Eight Beasts", you really are "Tao Xiang"!"

"Monster, pay for my master's life!"

Xu Fang chuckled, "The old man's life is here, if you have the ability, take it yourself!"

rumbling~

The two masters are about to have an earth-shattering battle!

Bai Ling'er felt that she was going crazy, and she swore that she had never experienced such a horrible situation in her life.

The ghost was only an inch away from her.

There is no need to doubt, as long as she is hit, it will be the end of her death on the spot.

In such a short period of time, Bai Linger knew that it was impossible to expect someone to rescue her in time, no matter how naive she was.

So are you going to die?

So unwilling.

There are still a lot of scenery that I haven’t seen, a lot of food that I haven’t eaten, and a lot of story books that I haven’t read.

Bai Ling'er smiled sadly, preparing to close her eyes and wait for death in despair.

However, the moment she closed her eyes, a doubt popped up in her mind out of thin air.

Is there really no other way?

If it was that villain, how would he deal with it?

Inexplicably, Bai Linger's eyes seemed to flash past the famous scene of Yuan Yutang fighting back against the strong at the bottom of the huge pit.

Yes, he will definitely not wait to be killed, no matter it is useful or not, he will use all means to struggle to survive, and he will not give up until he completely dies.

If he can do it, why can't he?

In a trance, Bai Ling'er felt very unconvinced in vain.

At the same time, his confused brain became clear, his thinking was smoother and quicker than ever, and a flash of spiritual light broke through the shadow of death.

Now that the crisis is at stake, there is no time to think about it, Bai Ling'er naturally moved, and said angrily:

""Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers", Jedi Tiantong!"

Bai Ling'er turned her hands into the sky, covered her hands into the ground, and divided her left and right hands into a bow, as if turning into a small world, a burst of vigorous power suddenly broke out.

"Wow~"

The ghost howled miserably, before it even had time to struggle, it was instantly wiped out.

Bai Ling'er looked at the shocking scene of the ghost turning into fly ash in disbelief, and almost couldn't believe her eyes.

Jedi Tiantong is one of the most powerful killing moves in the second volume of "The Secret of Mountains and Rivers". Usually, she can't use it at all, but she didn't expect to use it smoothly now that her mana is banned, and the power is so amazing.

Perhaps this is the true strength of physical training.

Mana has never been the most important thing for physical training.

The secret of human potential is the foundation of physical cultivation.

Bai Ling'er, who accidentally broke through the mystery, couldn't help but want to escape in a hurry after waking up.

Just as she took a step, she suddenly remembered that Yuan Yutang's life and death were uncertain. Error-free update@

The mana fluctuations from the backyard made her heart palpitate even from a distance.


She didn't understand why she was worried about the villain who imprisoned her and humiliated her, but she just couldn't move.

After hesitating for a while, she gritted her teeth and set off towards the backyard.

choke!

In the dark alley, a sharp knife light burst out, and a fierce ghost howled, and was directly chopped into pieces by the knife light, destroying it on the spot.

A tall man in armor and armor retracted his blade with a stern expression. When he walked out of the alley, there were five teams of nearly a hundred sturdy soldiers holding torches waiting in line.

The tall man said in a low voice, "Have you got the weapon blessed by the Buddha?"

Hundreds of dry soldiers silently raised their swords and swords engraved with complicated Sanskrit characters.

The tall man hummed, nodded and said, "Tongzhou is facing a catastrophe today. Master Zhizhou is a frail scholar who has the courage to live and die with the city. How can my generation of warriors fall behind? A certain family intends to kill themselves and become benevolent, to repay the cultivation of the holy court... Go, If you see anyone, save them, if you see ghosts, kill them!"

"Here!"

Although the number of the dry pawns was small, their evil aura was astonishing, and they split into small groups in an instant, silently disappearing into the darkness.

Although the tall man was expressionless, there was an indelible sadness in his eyes.

It is impassioned and generous to kill one's life and become benevolent, but how many people can go to death?

Needless to say, these personal soldiers are all very good!

The tall man's name is An Feng, and he is the commander of Tongzhou City. He is responsible for all military affairs in name.

It's a pity that the misfortune came too soon, and countless ferocious ghosts dispersed the garrison in the city in an instant, so that An Feng had to lead a hundred of his own soldiers into danger.

But it doesn't matter, he An Feng is different from those who only know how to be greedy, he is a rare real soldier who cares about the court today. @·No fault first launch~~

The killing and success in his mouth is not just talk.

Even though he knew that his manpower was nothing more than moths to the flames for the ghosts in the city, but the state city was already in crisis, so please benevolent and kill it to your heart's content!

Looking back at the Juyan Pagoda, the tallest building in the city, a trace of hope flashed in his eyes.

There, perhaps, is the only hope of saving Tongzhou.

And the only thing he can do now is to kill a few more ghosts and win more hope for the fearless man who is about to sacrifice...

boom!

Yuan Yutang was blown away by the mother ghost's thunderous punch, directly collapsing an attic.

Crash, crackle, crackle~

Countless bricks and stones buried him like rain.

Under the ruins, Yuan Yutang was almost speechless from exhaustion.

Sweat and blood covered the dust, almost turning him into a clay figurine.

"Ho ho ho..."

Yuan Yutang's chest rose and fell violently, and his mouth and nose let out a bellows-like panting, and the slightest movement would cause severe pain to his heart, obviously he had reached the end of his strength.

With his current state, it is still too reluctant to face the ghost with the same heart as mother and child, even with the increase of "Human Candle Talisman".

Is it really necessary to use the precious hole card?

Yuan Yutang was very unwilling.

Just when he was struggling, he suddenly heard a gloomy voice next to his ear:

"Got you!"

Yuan Yutang was startled suddenly, and before he could react, the cold wind as sharp as a knife rushed towards him.

Boom~

The ruins piled up like a hill were instantly blasted, and Yuan Yutang was thrown into the air dripping with blood, and then hit the ground heavily, staring at his eyes and bleeding from seven holes.

"Heck, it's fun, it's fun, mother, it's fun~"

The circling Yinfeng turned back into a sub-ghost, bouncing and laughing on the shoulder of the little meat-like mother ghost.

The mentally retarded mother ghost showed a rare look of doting, and immediately the two ghosts with the same heart, son and mother rushed forward, ready to understand Yuan Yutang.

On the other side, Yuan Yutang struggled to get up, bleeding from Qikong was extremely miserable.

The "Human Candle Talisman" was shattered, his realm was declining rapidly, and his whole body was in unbearable pain, as if falling apart. If it wasn't for his firm will, he might have passed out on the spot.

Even so, he completely lost the capital to fight again.

"Mother, mother, I want to eat his three souls and seven souls, and I want to turn his body into a ghost servant, okay~.


The child ghost is like a naughty boy, hugging the mother ghost's thick neck and saying coquettishly.

The mother ghost nodded dotingly, and the child ghost was as happy as Chinese New Year.

The two ghosts swaggered towards Yuan Yutang who was hesitant to speak.

Yuan Yutang felt miserable, how long ago had he been so down and out, being confronted by ghosts muttering how to kill himself, this kind of helplessness made him extremely annoyed.

Forget it, no matter how precious the hole cards are, they are still external objects, and there is no reason to hesitate if your life is almost gone.

Having made up his mind, Yuan Yutang is going to use his hole cards,

At this moment, suddenly a figure rushed towards him like wind and lightning, crashing into the mother-child concentric ghost.

The speed of the figure was too fast, and the mother-son-son ghost put all its attention on Yuan Yutang, and it was too late to stop it when he realized it.

""Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers", the stars are moving!"

bump!

A huge force erupted violently, caught off guard, and the two ghosts were all repelled.

Yuan Yutang's eyeballs almost popped out.

Because the person who came to help was actually Bai Ling'er whose mana had been banned by him?

What, what is going on here?

Yuan Yutang felt that the world had become extremely strange.

"Hey, why are you so stupid, don't you just run and wait for those two ghosts to come back!"

Yuan Yutang was awakened by Bai Ling'er's coquettish reprimand, and prepared to flee for his life with two blunt foreheads.

Unexpectedly, as soon as he took a step, his whole body convulsed with severe pain like an electric shock, and he fell straight backward. jj.br>

This is the sequelae of abusing the "Human Candle Talisman". He is not a group of lunatics who focus on body training, and he has no ability to avoid the damage of potential backlash.

"Hey, hey, what are you doing?" Bai Ling'er hurriedly grabbed Yuan Yutang, seeing him twitching all over and foaming at the mouth, she gloated and said, "Hahaha, you also have today... "

Just as he was about to taunt Yuan Yutang wantonly to vent his anger, unexpectedly the aura of the mother-child concentric ghost quickly approached.

Bai Ling'er was taken aback, and quickly picked up Yuan Yutang who was unable to move, and ran away.

"Mother, mother, that's great, someone delivered it to my door again, I want to eat all of their souls!"

The child ghost was very excited standing on the shoulder of the mother ghost.

Knowing Aiko's intentions, the mother ghost rushed furiously, vowing to help Aiko take down those two nasty warlocks! .


		