

"Hahaha, run again~"

"Hee hee, don't panic, little lady~ There are dozens of good brothers coming to love you tonight~"

"Come on, the master is waiting impatiently~"

In the woods, there were nearly a hundred men in ragged clothes and hideous faces with knives surrounding a little girl who was at a loss, playing tricks on her like a cat playing with a mouse.

This is a group of bandits who have just been encircled and suppressed by the government and escaped by chance. The leader is Sai Menghu.

It's a pity that the big tree attracts the wind, and the brutal and extremely lustful Sai Menghu has caused disasters in the village for several years, and was finally besieged by officers and soldiers.

Originally chased by the officers and soldiers for thousands of miles, full of resentment, never thought that he would meet a beautiful young lady in the barren mountains and mountains, and Sai Tiger immediately felt relieved.

He has a hobby in his life, that is, he likes to have fun with his subordinate Erlang.

He happened to be full of evil fire, so he took that little beauty to discourage him.

Sai Menghu sat proudly on a tall horse, staring lewdly at the little beauty whose face turned pale with fright, and the evil fire in his heart suddenly rose.

Feeling that the foreplay was enough, he was about to order his subordinates to capture the little lady to enjoy.

Suddenly, a crimson afterimage suddenly leaped out from behind.

A young man who was threatening with a knife raised his head subconsciously, and saw an iron hoof magnified infinitely in his field of vision.

Gullah~

With a low cracking sound, Xiao Luo's head was shattered like a ripe watermelon, with red and white splashed all over the ground.

This sudden scene stunned everyone.

The afterimage fell to the ground wrapped in a strong wind, and stood in front of the pale beauty.

Only then did the bandits see clearly that the person who came was a half-grown boy with a frosty face.

One of his subordinates died for no reason, and Sai Menghu couldn't sit still any longer. He quickly got off his horse, and instantly drew out his beloved soldier's ghost-headed nine-ring knife, pointed the knife at the young man on horseback, and cursed, "Where is the grandson of your grandpa? Dare to take care of other things, not afraid of death without a place to die?"

Yuan Yutang turned a deaf ear to Sai Menghu's threat, and looked at the lovely and pitiful Lanxi with complicated eyes, feeling both self-blame and pity in his heart.

I didn't expect that Lanxi would be in danger once again because of my own impulsiveness.

Apart from her outstanding lightness kung fu, Lanxi is not much better than ordinary weak girls.

I don't know what's going on with her, and I can't see a trace of evil spirit from her with the attribute of "not confused", but the green-haired giant fox and Yan Chixia are proving that she is not an ordinary person, and both of them are so dangerous. To this extent, she still didn't show the slightest abnormality.

Could it be that if you are determined to be soft-hearted, you will come to rescue?

Or is she really invisible?

It feels like it can't be fake, from the beginning to the end, he didn't feel that Lan Xi had the slightest malice towards him.

So he knew that Lan Xi's identity was complicated, but he couldn't help but come to rescue him.

Lan Xi's tears were still wet, and she wanted to cry, "Young master, you must not abandon Lan Xi, Lan Xi really knows his mistake, please let me come back to you~"

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang's head got bigger, and his depression was difficult to resolve, and it gradually turned into a vigorous and unknown fire.

"Hey, are you deaf? I'm talking to you, are you scared?"

Sai Menghu was ignored, consciously losing face, and rushed forward with a knife in a rage.

"Dare to look down on your grandpa tiger, court death!"

After finishing speaking, the ghost-headed nine-ring knife in his hand turned into a batch of refining,

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

It struck Yuan Yutang as fast as lightning.

The Chitu sensed that the visitor was not kind, so there was no need to force him, so he immediately raised his hooves and leaped, worthy of snatching away the powerful and heavy knife.

Yuan Yutang finally came back to his senses, and let out a breath of foul air, as if he had made up his mind.

Jumping off the horse, he came to Lan Xi's side, stretched out his hand to pull her up when she fell to the ground, she was full of hope, rubbed her messy black hair, and said softly, "Okay, it's all right."

Lan Xi whimpered and hugged Yuan Yutang violently.

She was really terrified just now, those bandits completely blocked the space for her to escape, if Yuan Yutang hadn't arrived in time, she couldn't imagine what would happen.

In addition, the helplessness and grievances of the past few days erupted all at once, and I burst into tears immediately.

When the knife failed, Sai Menghu saw Yuan Yutang openly flirting with Lanxi in front of him, and immediately lost his temper, screaming and killing again.

"Shameless men and women, let me die!"

Suddenly, he used his strongest trick to fight in all directions, and the ghost-headed nine-ring knife turned into a dazzling knife net, vowing to tear Yuan Yutang's two corpses into thousands of pieces.

However, before the blade fell, he suddenly stopped and looked down in disbelief.

He saw a sword blade passing through his chest silently, and suddenly there was a beating heart on the sword tip.

He didn't know who killed him until he died.

Stepping on the fallen corpse of a fierce tiger with a big foot, she pulled out a simple sword, and wiped the blood on the clothes of the corpse with great interest. Yan Chixia was carrying the sword, looking around with her eyes, No one dared to look at him.

Although he has a chivalrous heart, it's only for a beloved man, and he doesn't mind being decisive when dealing with bandits with bad records.

Looking at the two young men, you and me, Yan Chixia felt as if she had been forcibly stuffed with dog food, and there was a bad breath in her chest.

Then those bandits who were frightened and stupid fell into bad luck.

After the massacre, the dozens of bandits who survived hurriedly knelt down and surrendered.

The refreshed Yan Chixia couldn't help but interrupt Yuan Yutang and Lan Xi's confession, "Okay, let's talk about love when you get back to your room. I can't rest tonight. I have to sleep overnight." These guys were brought to the town and village office in Honghe Town to take care of them."

Yuan Yutang was immediately blushed, and wanted to explain, but it was a pity that Yan Chixia didn't want to hear it.

Seeing Lan Xi hugging him tightly like a koala, he couldn't help but wryly smiled.

That's all, if you misunderstand, you will misunderstand, anyway, the clearer clears himself.


Unlike the calm China of the Central Plains, the boundless sea thousands of miles away is being hit by a storm.

The strong wind howled, the tornado rose into the sky, and the tens of feet high billowing waves fluctuated as if they had collapsed.

In the eyes of ordinary people, the colossal Galen Treasure Ship is like pebbles played by children in the boundless storm.

Monica was wearing heavy armor, holding a big sword, and Scott stood back to back on the deck, waiting in full force, surrounded by scary ghosts.

The old captain Nick guessed right.

They were really targeted by the legendary sea monster 'Mokanika' who lived in the devil's territorial waters.

In a short period of time, crew members disappeared continuously, causing panic.

Finally, tonight when the storm hit, the 'Mokanika' couldn't hold back, and rushed out from the bottom of the sea, directly attacking the ship.

'Mokanika' is about three feet tall, with a child's body, no hair and gills, and a thick layer of scales covering his whole body. No matter whether it is a sword or a firecracker, he can't hurt it at all, and he is very powerful.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Poor, fast as a ghost.

The most frightening thing is that these 'Mokanica' actually have magic immunity traits, and even the holy knight's light magic is completely ineffective.

This is not the 'Mokanika' known to the Holy See at all.

Caught off guard, the personnel on Monica's side suffered great losses.

In the fierce battle so far, not only ordinary crew members have been killed and injured, but even the powerful holy knight squad has suffered heavy casualties.

Except for a few seriously injured holy knights, the only ones who are still alive are Monica and Scott, who are the strongest.

There was a violent storm and huge waves outside, Monica and the others were forced to the corner of the deck by an unknown 'Mokanica' dozens of times larger than them.

Monica's armor was covered with flesh and blood. Although she was still calm and calm, her slightly trembling body betrayed her true state. It was obvious that she was at the end of her strength.

Scott, who was leaning on his back, was not much better. The gorgeous and mighty silver armor was covered with scratches, the shoulder armor on his left shoulder was shattered and dented, his whole arm was limp, and the heavy rain washed away the reddish water. Flowing endlessly, his handsome face was full of dying madness.

"Jijigugu~"

Suddenly, there was a commotion from behind the pressing 'Mocanica', and then a 'Mocanica' who was obviously taller than ordinary 'Mocanica' and tall enough to be an adult came out more and more. The ugly and ferocious face portrayed a cruel grin, and with a wave of the five-clawed big hand, the 'Mokanica' who were about to move immediately swarmed up.

Seeing that the countdown to his life was about to begin, the romantic gene in Scott's body suddenly exploded. Regardless of the extreme urgency of the situation, he laughed loudly, "Beautiful Monica, please forgive my rudeness. I didn't expect that I would be lucky enough to be with you You buried the sea together, before you die, I beg you to accept my love!"

Monica smiled bitterly speechlessly.

I didn't expect this guy to be so affectionate and holy, but it's a pity that I have no feelings for him at all.

So she didn't want to respond even if it was deceptive words.

Clenching the palm of the sword tightly, Monica let out a female roar, instead of retreating, she chose to take the initiative to attack.

The Ornov family has never been a coward, even if she is a daughter, she will never shame the family glory.

If she must die, she would rather die on the way to the battle. When her soul returns to heaven, she will have the face to receive God's blessing.

Scott didn't get the response he wanted, he shrugged freely, whistled, and followed Monica without hesitation.

As a man, how could he let his beloved woman die before him?

As long as I still have breath, I will never let Monica suffer any harm!

Just when the two Monikas who were mantising the car were about to be overwhelmed by the army of 'Mokanikas', a flash of lightning suddenly shot out from the far horizon, spanning an infinite distance in an instant, and the lightning hit the deck.

Swipe, swipe, swipe!

The crisp sound of cutting limbs played like a symphony.

Monica and Scott watched in astonishment as the 'Mokanika' army, which was so strong that they almost united, was harvested wantonly by the inexplicable lightning, and their brains went blank.

After half a sound, apart from the wreckage covering the deck, there was no more 'Mochanika' that could stand, including the tall 'Mochanica' that disappeared.

Only then did the two of Monica see the true face of the lightning.

It turned out to be a slender flying sword with a strange shape.

Immediately afterwards, someone rode the wind and waves, and laughed loudly and said:

"Fellow Western Taoists, don't be afraid, Qingtian Peak Sword Immortal Baili Yinghua is here!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		