

Dawn breaks and the sea of ​​clouds surges.

Baili Yinghua sat cross-legged on the flying sword, suspended hundreds of feet in the air, facing the rising sun, every time she breathed, there was thunder from the sword, like a banished immortal descending to earth.

After half a sound, he suddenly opened his eyes, his tongue burst into lotus flowers, and while drinking lightly, the mighty sword energy raged in all directions like a river bursting a bank.

After venting the surging sword intent, Baili Yinghua slowly controlled the flying sword to fall back.

Just now was the morning class that he has been persevering since he started at the age of five, and it has never stopped for twenty years.

As soon as he got down to the ground, Baili Yinghua found Monica standing gracefully not far away, and happened to be looking at him with a smile.

"Good morning, Mr. Baili."

Baili Yinghua smiled gently. He was used to this kind of Western Continent-style greeting, and he naturally replied, "Good morning, Miss Monica, are you still used to sleeping last night? If there is any place where the hospitality is not good, please Point it out."

Unlike yesterday's gaffe, Monica's gorgeous and flawless pretty face is full of aristocratic subtle and elegant smiles, "Mr. Lao is concerned, your hospitality is impeccable, and I have no dissatisfaction."

"That's good." Baili Yinghua carried the natal flying sword that never left her body, went up and walked side by side with Monica, and said in a natural and relaxed tone, "There was a little story in the sect last night, I will meet you later Uncle Jianshou, when the time comes, he will ask Uncle Jianshou to grant permission to use the retrospective mirror in the entrance, presumably he will not refuse."

Xuanguan Backtracking Realm is another important treasure of Qingtian Peak besides the secret skills of swordsmanship. It has been passed down for more than a thousand years. The miraculous use of heavenly secrets.

Baili Yinghua intends to borrow flowers to present Buddha to please the beauty.

Monica never concealed her dedication to the Bright Cross, and she was overjoyed when she heard the words, "The little girl will thank Mr. Dayi in advance."

No man is willing to refuse the flattery of a beauty, even if he is as indifferent as Baili Yinghua.

After eating breakfast together, the happy Baili Yinghua bid farewell to Monica and went to Tianle Pavilion alone, planning to greet the master first, and then go to meet the uncle Jianshou.

When they came to Tianle Pavilion, when the two young disciples on duty saw Baili Yinghua, they were as excited as fans who saw their idols, and chatted up and down.

Baili Yinghua gave a few words of gentle encouragement to the two little fans, and then asked an important question:

"Master, hasn't the old man come back yet?"

A handsome young disciple replied excitedly, "Senior brother came at the right time, Elder Tantai just entered with the front foot, and you came with the back foot."

"That's it, I'll trouble my junior brother to report." Baili Yinghua smiled lightly.

Another young disciple took over the transmission task in a hurry, and went in to ask for instructions.

Although Elder Tantai has participated in good fortune and has profound magic power, he must know the arrival of Baili Yinghua.

But Baili Yinghua didn't make any mistakes, but followed the etiquette of his disciples in an orderly manner, without the slightest arrogance of young people, which is really rare.

Following the rumor that the disciple entered the mansion, Baili Yinghua came all the way to the sword room where Tantai Le usually practiced quietly.

Standing at the door, Baili Yinghua straightened her clothes, knelt down and saluted meticulously, and said in a loud voice, "Disciple Baili Yinghua has returned from overseas training, and pays homage to Master!"

As soon as the voice fell, the door of the sword room opened automatically, and soon Tantai Le burst into a hearty laugh.

"what

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Haha, my good apprentice is finally back, come in and let me take a look, is he thin? "

Baili Yinghua walked in respectfully, looking at the energetic and familiar figure in front of him, his heart felt blocked for some reason, and he shouted affectionately with sore eyes and nose, "Master, this disciple misses you so much."

Tan Taile went up to hold Baili Yinghua's arm, carefully looked at the mature and stable lover who had faded away from youthfulness, and said repeatedly in relief, "It's good to be back, it's good to be back..."

Reunited after a long absence, the master and apprentice, who love each other like father and son, tell each other their concerns, and this is the end of this touching scene.

In front of her beloved mentor, Baili Yinghua took off her disguise and was no different from an ordinary wanderer who hasn't returned home for a long time, telling anecdotes and anecdotes that she encountered in these years of overseas experience.

As he was talking, he suddenly found that although the master was listening carefully, there was always a cloud of sadness that could not be dispelled between his brows, and he said anxiously, "What's bothering the master, I wonder if the disciple can relieve the worry for the master? "

Hearing this, Tantai Le sighed, and said quite quietly, "Isn't it because your little junior brother is in danger, so I am very worried about the teacher."

"Junior brother? When did Master accept another closed disciple?" Baili Yinghua asked in surprise.

After he came back last night, he was in a hurry to settle down Monica and the others. After finishing his work, it was already midnight, so he practiced until dawn in order not to disturb the old master. I don't know much about the matter, I thought it was the master who accepted the closed disciple again.

Master's vision is extremely high, and it is difficult for non-peerless geniuses to enter the eyes of Dharma, which has led to the lack of prosperity in their lineage.

Suddenly hearing that there was an extra junior brother, Baili Yinghua was as happy as a college student who suddenly found an extra brother or sister when returning home from summer vacation.

The next moment, Baili Yinghua was stunned. He was only thinking about being happy just now, and then he remembered that the master had mentioned that the younger brother was in danger, and couldn't help but said anxiously, "Master, what happened to the younger brother? But he suddenly fell seriously ill? "

"Hey, it's hard to say, since you're here, let's go visit your little junior brother with me." Tantai Le sighed and got up.

After saying that, the two left the Lotte Pavilion, and Yu Jian flew to Yuechi.

Moon Pool is a natural inner mountain lake in Qingtian Peak. The surface of the lake is in the shape of a half moon. The water is clear and crystal clear like jade. It is surrounded by peaks and mountains, with green grass and wild flowers. It was nicknamed "Yao Chi" by the outside world.

The peak is extremely vast, except for a small part where the core disciples live, more places are divided up by various big bosses, which is called "enlightening the secrets of heaven".

And Yuechi is the private domain of Elder Lanyue, who has the highest medical skills in Qingtian Peak and is known as the "Medicine Sword Immortal" by people in the Jianghu.

Baili Yinghua and the two of them came to walk in front of the exquisite second-floor attic beside the Moon Pool.

Elder Lanyue was elegant by nature and always unyielding, so the two of them went upstairs without any notification.

On the way, Baili Yinghua also learned of the existence of Zhou An (Yuan Yutang) from Tan Taile, and couldn't help but feel very anxious, worrying that the equally talented junior brother would unfortunately die young.

Arriving at the room on the second floor, Baili Yinghua was just about to knock on the door, but unexpectedly the door opened first, and a graceful woman with a tired expression walked out.

"The disciple has met Elder Lanyue."

Baili Yinghua greeted first, and then asked, "I wonder if Junior Brother Zhou An is out of danger?"

He cares about this from the bottom of his heart, although he has never met

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

But the junior brother who has just shown his glory.

Elder Lanyue showed a trace of helpless bitterness on his pretty face, shook his head and sighed to Tantai Le who was also anxious, "The situation is not optimistic..."

"How is it possible? Elder Lanyue, with your medical skills, it shouldn't be like this~" Baili Yinghua shouted excitedly.

"Yinghua, don't be rude to Elder Lanyue!"

Despite the same anxiety, Tan Taile was still able to maintain his rationality, and immediately scolded Baili Yinghua for her presumptuous behavior.

"It's okay, Yinghua is just impatient." Elder Lanyue waved his hand with a wry smile, indicating that he didn't care.

After a pause, she hesitated to say, "Zhou An's child... Well, how should I put it, I am more worried about his meridians than his injuries."

Tantai Le's face immediately turned serious when he heard the words, and said in a deep voice, "Sister Lanyue, we are all our own people, if you have anything to say, why don't you open the skylight and speak out?"

Lan Yue gritted her teeth and said dejectedly, "Oh, that child's meridians are riddled with holes. I don't know if it's caused by injuries or because he was born with it. Anyway, I tried my best to save it, whether it's mana infusion or elixir infusion. body, it’s useless at all, he can’t contain the spiritual power of the medicine at all, that’s why he hasn’t escaped from the dangerous period so far.”

Yuan Yutang, who was pretending to be unconscious in the drug market, almost couldn't laugh out loud when he heard this.

The reason why his tendons and veins were broken and he couldn't hold the spiritual energy was just a side effect of the "Tiangang Secret Technique", so there was nothing to be surprised about.

After hearing this, Tantaile and Baili Yinghua were struck by lightning, especially Tantaile.

Although Yuan Yutang has not been formally accepted into the sect wall, he has long regarded Yuan Yutang as a closed disciple in his heart.

At this time, I suddenly heard that Yuan Yutang's meridian was broken and difficult to continue. Doesn't it mean that he will be a useless person from now on?

He was obviously so talented, and he made such an astonishing feat of attacking and killing monks with a mortal body. Why is fate so unfair and treats a genius boy so cruelly?

Under the huge blow, Tan Taile was almost unstable.

Baili Yinghua's face was full of frustration. He thought that he would be able to add another genius fellow to his lineage, but he never thought that Zhou An would be like a flash in the pan, only blooming for a moment of brilliance before he would face the end of leaving the stage sadly.

Is there a crueler misfortune in the world?

Lan Yue couldn't bear to see Tantai Le's master and apprentice being hit hard.

Originally, she and Tantai Le had a very good relationship, and the two of them were considered brothers and sisters in private, but now seeing her elder brother was heartbroken, she suddenly felt compassion.

After hesitating for a moment, she seemed to have made up her mind, and whispered, "Brother, I won't hide it from you, but Zhou An's child is still saved."

Tan Taile and Baili Yinghua were shocked when they heard this, and they all thought of the subtext behind why Elder Lan Yue kept silent just now.

Elder Lanyue knew that Yuan Yutang could be rescued but did not speak out, which meant that the rescue conditions were either extremely harsh or extremely embarrassing.

Then think of the world to know possible solutions to current difficulties.

The two understood in an instant.

Seeing the pensive look of Tantai Yue and his disciples, Elder Lan Yue sighed and said with a wry smile, "It seems that you two have already guessed the truth."

"That's right, the only thing in the world that can repair Zhou An's broken and messy meridians is the legendary treasure that has the magical effect of living dead, flesh and bones..."

"San Boy!!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		