

The shopkeeper has long seen that the refugee-like woman is a resident of his store.

But so what?

Has someone ruled that they can't attack their own guests?

Being lustful, he has long coveted that beautiful little girl.

That is to say, there are always Yuan Yutang and the others who are not easy to mess with on weekdays, otherwise, the shopkeeper will do it on the night of entering the store.

It doesn't matter whether she has a big background or not, and it doesn't matter whether she is a steadfast and unyielding strong woman.

A potion of 'Strong Girl Falls', if Jiameng sweat medicine is applied, the Martyr Girl will also become slutty.

After finishing, throw the corpse casually in the wilderness, with clean hands and feet.

It's not the first time he's done this, and he's already figured it out.

Now that the little lady is in trouble, the male relatives around her are gone, and there is only a badass who is seriously injured and unconscious, is he still a human being if he lets go?

It's also thanks to the fact that the shop boy, the bastard, came and saved him a lot of trouble.

So he gave the reward willingly.

Now that everything is ready, it's time to enjoy that charming little lady, I'm excited just thinking about it.

The more the shopkeeper thought about it, the more excited he became, his crotch couldn't help but a big bag bulged, and he ran into the room impatiently.

This is the secret den he bought in the early years, and the surrounding houses have long since disappeared. Although it is a bit dilapidated, it is better than being remote enough, and it is specially used for business without money on weekdays.

The doors and windows in the room were closed, and the thick curtains were pulled down. There was a lighted wedding candle on an old square table, which gave off the charming atmosphere of a bridal chamber.

Lying on the innermost broken wooden bed was a loomingly beautiful figure, under the dim candlelight, there was a seductive hazy beauty.

"Hee hee, brat, you're quite clever. I know the master is good at it, so I'll give him a few more money later."

The shopkeeper narrowed his eyes happily, and couldn't wait to close the door and fasten it. Then he hurriedly undressed and walked to the bed with a smile.

"Don't worry, beauty, the master is here to love you~"

In just a few steps, the shopkeeper stripped off his clothes and came to the bed naked. When he lowered his eyes, he almost couldn't hold back his nosebleeds.

I saw a beautiful woman who was as beautiful as a fairy sleeping on the bed, with snowy skin and exquisite facial features. Even the dirty and wrinkled clothes on her body could not conceal her proud figure, it was like a perfect work of art.

Apparently the waiter had deliberately cleaned the dirt off the beauty's face.

Facing such a stunner, how could the shopkeeper, who was so full of lust, couldn't bear it, his throat slipped, and he suddenly opened his arms and flew forward, shouting, "Dear baby, let me pull~"

Plop!

The shopkeeper was shocked to find that he had fallen into the icy pool of water. He was caught off guard and drank several mouthfuls of water, almost choking himself to death.

"Cough, cough, what's going on here?"

The shopkeeper coughed inexplicably in horror.

Before he could figure it out, the pool of stagnant water suddenly swelled with waves.

Immediately afterwards, a burst of sad and graceful ballads came from time to time.

Immediately afterwards, he watched in disbelief that a courtyard slowly emerged from the bottom of the water and stood above the surface of the water.

The carved beams and painted buildings in the other courtyard, the red walls with flying eaves, look very delicate and elegant.

The vermilion lacquered gate with steps extending underwater is only two feet away from the shopkeeper.

The shopkeeper thinks that his water quality is average, so he dare not stay in the water for a long time.

So knowing that this courtyard that appeared inexplicably must be weird, but unable to resist the desire to survive, he rushed to the shore.

Only then did he climb up the steps in embarrassment, and there was a creak, and the brand-new door opened automatically without any wind, and a gloomy cold wind blew from inside, the shopkeeper shivered suddenly, and his eyes immediately became dull.

As the door opened, the sad song became clearer, like the lingering whispers of a lover, or a heartbroken accusation.

The dazed shopkeeper felt as if his heart was being grabbed, and an impulse emerged from his mind.

Find the beauty who sings, and take good care of her, love and pity!

When people are in a state where primitive desires overwhelm reason and instincts control the body, it is hard not to make unexpected moves.

So the shopkeeper didn't even think about it, he strode stiffly and staggered towards the house.

As soon as you enter the gate, you will see a vivid fairy wall. Hundreds of flying fairies with different expressions and enchanting postures are carved on the huge screen wall. If it is placed outside, it must be priceless.

It's a pity that the shopkeeper at this time was so dazed that he didn't have the mood to pay attention to the value of Zhaobi, so he hurriedly bypassed Zhaobi and walked to the front yard.

However, as soon as he left, strange things happened.

The flying fairies on the screen wall seemed to come alive collectively in an instant. They turned their heads in unison to look at the back of the shopkeeper leaving.

It's like watching a prey fall into a spider's web.

The front yard is full of fragrant and fragrant flowers of various colors, blooming in full bloom, competing for beauty and beauty.

The shopkeeper didn't take a look, and hurried past in a daze.

As soon as he walked away, the flowers all over the yard broke through the ground, and the roots climbed up to the roof with the soil, silently following behind the shopkeeper.

Walking through the winding corridors, crossing the vestibule, and finally saw the goal he was longing for in the pond and water pavilion in the backyard.

The exquisite waterside pavilions are covered with pink gauze, which flutters in the wind, like water plants in the torrent.

In the pavilion, there is a table and a blanket for one person.

The smoke from the incense burner on the table was curling up, the blanket was soft and covered the floor, and a long-haired figure in a cloak was looking at the sky and singing with resentment.

Finally seeing the owner of the song, the shopkeeper felt joyful from the bottom of his heart like a devout believer finally seeing a god.

Just the next moment, joy transformed into lust, and then evolved into extreme instinct.

His brain can no longer think about problems, he just wants to go forward and try his best to comfort that poor beauty.

Just do what he wants, he rushed towards the pavilion without hesitation.

His eyes were red and his throat was muffled. At this moment, the shopkeeper had turned into a wild beast, rushing towards the long-haired figure in a hurry.

"Lang Jun~"

The long-haired back let out a groan, and fell into the shopkeeper's arms, complaining and weeping, "My family has waited for you for a long time, so please take pity on my family."

Then the surrounding twilight, such as the true face under the black silk of the waterfall, was also exposed in the air.

If there is a third party present, I'm afraid it will be frightened out of good or bad.

Because that face is really horrible.

The facial features are distorted and misplaced, the eyes are not eyes, the nose is not a nose, and the skin is festered, and colorful pus and blood flow horizontally. It is difficult to describe the nausea in all the ugly words in the world.

Even the shopkeeper, who was so dizzy and dizzy, was instantly frightened back to his senses, and all three souls disappeared immediately.

Sometimes being sober is not a good thing, the shopkeeper would rather be in a daze for the rest of his life than wake up at this time.

His body was completely out of his control, and he was obviously nauseated, but his body automatically did something to the ugly monster, and he pouted his lips, and kissed the monster's black hole that was slanted and dripping with thick pus and blood, which seemed to be his mouth.

"No, please don't~"

The shopkeeper wailed endlessly in his heart, but he couldn't stop his body's movements, and couldn't help feeling desperate to die.

After calling and shouting, the shopkeeper's lips finally touched that disgusting black hole.

Before he could vomit, the ugly monster entangled him like an octopus in an instant, and immediately the elegant veil curtain was stretched straight, covering the pavilion tightly, and soon there were heavy breathing sounds from inside.


The waiter is a distant relative of the shopkeeper. It is not easy to find a stable job these days.

So even though he was bullied and exploited by the mean shopkeeper and his wife, and he knew that the two of them were really bad-hearted, he could only help the tyrant and swallow his anger.

Kneeling to live is better than standing up to die.

The waiter doesn't have too many extravagant hopes, he just wants to have enough to eat every day, and if he is hungry and thirsty, he can have a wife to relieve his fire. For this reason, he sold his soul to the devil.

Today he helped the shopkeeper do something bad again, but he didn't feel guilty at all, instead he was happy because of the reward he got.

For women, there is always a first time, who is it for?

As for whether the woman who was harmed will be overwhelmed, will there be retribution?

He is not even afraid of being poor, is he afraid of retribution?

Those who love to die can't die, as long as it doesn't die for him.

Just sending away a table of diners, the waiter was rarely free, wiped the sweat from his forehead with a dirty linen sweat towel on his shoulders, glanced at the proprietress in front of the counter who was enthusiastically settling accounts with the customers, and was delighted, she didn't know who she was Feeling slipped to the back hall to be lazy.

Coming out of the hut in a hurry, he couldn't wait to run into the shadow of the corner, looked left and right, made sure no one noticed, then fumbled to buckle a piece of false brick, and took out the smelly, yellow copper coin from it. .

Affectionately kissed the ill-gotten wealth obtained with no conscience, he loved the satisfaction brought by money to death.

He is not a saintly wife, if his conscience was valuable, he would have pawned it long ago.

As long as he is given enough money, he doesn't mind doing all the bad things in the world.

I thought about whether I should go to the red building in the city tonight, and I don't mind putting my hand on the hole in the wall where the money was hidden just now.

Suddenly, he froze.

Withdrawing his hand, he looked in disbelief at the inexplicably extra money in his palm.

This, is this true?

He rubbed his eyes vigorously, and prayed desperately to the gods and Buddhas in the sky, and finally opened his eyes worrying about gains and losses.

The next moment, he almost fainted unhappily.

He held two identical copper coins in both hands.

God, is there really such a good thing as a pie in the sky?

Now that there is more consistent money, is there more in the hole in the wall?

Excited, he stretched out his hand to touch the hole in the wall again.

One time, two times, three times...

It was obviously just an ordinary hole in the wall, but now it looks like a legendary cornucopia, and copper coins are continuously drawn out of it.

There are too many, too many.

The copper coins that the waiter took out from the hole in the wall piled up like a mountain, and buried him directly.

He never dreamed that one day he would be buried in copper coins.

But after the excitement, he found in despair that there were too many copper coins, and he was completely out of breath under the heavy weight on his body. At this time, it was too late to struggle out.

In this way, the greedy shop boy was crushed to death by copper coins.

And in the dilapidated hut on the other side, the shopkeeper, who was so vicious and heart-wrenching, died naked on the bed, with an extremely happy expression on his face until he died.

Immediately, a peerless and beautiful figure carried the unconscious Chen Changsheng away in the air, leaving only a cold disdain in the air.

"Desperately lustful, I have added two souls who deserve to die. I didn't expect that after so many years, this world is still so disappointing..."

"Hey, why should I wake up at this time and face this filthy world?"


		