

The eighteenth year of Daxia Taikang, the third day of March.

Auspicious day.

【Advisable】Marry, emigrate, receive money, open a market, make a stove, leave office, build a house, offer sacrifices.

Gyeongju City, the capital of Northeast Province, is decorated with lanterns and festoons, with gongs and drums blaring, and the lights are still brilliant in the middle of the night, as if immersed in a sea of ​​joy.

This day is an auspicious day for the Governor of Northeast Province to confirm the heir, and it is also a good day for the new heir to tie the knot.

The governor's mansion is full of silk and bamboo, and the flow of people is like weaving, but anyone who is eligible to enter the mansion is either rich or expensive.

The front, middle and rear courts held a grand banquet. The servants and servants were all dressed in red wedding dresses, and everyone had joyful smiles on their faces. During the banquet, cups were exchanged, and the atmosphere was warm.

In the Yuema Pavilion, far away from the noise, the atmosphere was strangely deserted.

In a well-decorated new house, candles are swaying, the gatehouse is painted red, and "bats" are hung. Two new couplets are pasted on the door frame, and the letter: I wish to be a lovebird in the sky, and a branch in the ground.

Green smoke curls up in the room, and lilies, red dates, cypress leaves, lotus seeds and other festive items are placed on the round table, implying that the couple will have a happy marriage for a hundred years and have a son together.

And there are rulers, mirrors, scissors and wedding auspicious symbols on Xinna's dressing table, which means to ward off evil spirits and drive away evil spirits, and there are no taboos. _o_m

Sitting quietly on the big red wedding bed is a woman with a phoenix crown and a red hijab, holding a fan. She is one of the protagonists of today's bride.

Time passed by little by little, and it seemed that it was going to be the third watch.

The bride who has been sitting for half a night is not impatient at all, but hopes that time will always be fixed in the present.

Suddenly, the tightly closed door was pushed open with a creak, and a gust of cold wind poured into the room, smelling of alcohol, the drunken Situ Shanu was helped in by several colleagues and friends.

The bride's delicate body trembled imperceptibly, and her little hands couldn't help but tightly grasped the skirt.

"Okay, okay, all, don't give them away, you go back and continue to drink~" Situ Shanu rarely lost his composure, his tongue curled up when he spoke, and he almost couldn't stand still.

Those young people who were also wearing Xibin costumes looked at each other with malicious smiles, and one of the elegant young people said with a smile, "Brother Situ is thinking about entering the bridal chamber, I understand, but the wedding The process hasn't been completed yet, this bridal chamber should still be noisy, otherwise it won't be perfect."

"Hahaha, brother Bai is right."

"Although Brother Situ's newly invented Baisha is really tempting, I still resist the temptation of fine wine, and I must not leave Brother Situ with an imperfect wedding."

Situ Shanu laughed and cursed, kicked and kicked, and finally drove those friends with extraordinary family backgrounds out of the new house.

As the door closed, all the hustle and bustle seemed to disappear in an instant, and the room was eerily quiet.

The drunkenness in Situ Shanu's eyes disappeared instantly, and he sat silently at the round table and poured himself a drink.

The bride on the bed straightened her feet nervously, as if she was struggling psychologically.

At this time, the atmosphere became inexplicably heavy, and it was so oppressive that people couldn't breathe.

After a long time, Situ Shanu quietly broke the silence.

"Don't be nervous, I'm not interested in you, I won't touch you."

Obviously, these words were not convincing, but made the bride even more uneasy.

Situ Shanu said to himself, "I know, you don't want to marry me willingly, and I don't really want to marry you.

In life, there are always these helpless things.

You should know that I am very.

You and I are victims of political interests, and that is the price we pay for our birth.

So whatever you want, I am willing to cooperate. "

After finishing speaking, Situ Shanu took a deep breath, as if pouring out all the negative emotions that had accumulated in his heart for many days, stood up on his knees, stretched a long way, and said with a light smile, "It's getting late, I'm exhausted today Right? Get some rest early, I will wake you up tomorrow morning and serve tea to Father, don’t worry about oversleeping."

"...Well, I've said everything openly and honestly, believe it or not."

Immediately afterward, Situ Shanu simply pushed the door open and came out.

When the new house was quiet again, the bride's hand-crafted, valuable tattooed wedding dress had water stains spreading.

"Hey, Yuan Yutang, why haven't you come to look for me yet.

If I don't come, we will never be able to..."


Under the same starry sky, Yuan Yutang, whom the bride misses so much, is on his way wearing the stars and wearing the moon.

You can't run away!

Zhou Lanlan went crazy, crying and insisting on marrying him.

Dad didn't stop the Wednesday pass, but was happy to see it succeed, which was simply off the charts.

Since traveling to this world, he has never seen a girl as bold as Zhou Lanlan, who has no reservations at all. No matter how he politely refuses, it is useless. The thick skin is almost embarrassing to most men.

But he still appreciates this kind of bravery, especially Bai Fumei like Zhou Lanlan, but he is really annoyed, and he can't bear to hurt the girl's heart by saying cruel words.

So in every possible way, he had no choice but to abscond overnight.

The big green bull carried the two of them on their backs, and walked feebly under the moonlight, snorting from time to time to protest their dissatisfaction.

"Ha~ow~"

Beep yawned sleepily, then dozed off bit by bit in Yuan Yutang's arms.

With a helpless wry smile, Yuan Yutang felt a little guilty.

Hehe, since he followed him, it seems that he hasn't lived a long life in peace, either eating and sleeping in the open, or sleeping on the road.

So he made up his mind, no matter what, he should take her back to Jingshan Sect as soon as possible, and then raise this poor little girl well.

Three days later, Yuan Yutang and the others finally arrived at Kuizhou, the capital of Sanshan Road.

In the Yuelai Inn, I met Sun Yi, who had been waiting impatiently for a long time.

Chen Changsheng was lucky, at least he had met Yuan Yutang himself, but Sun Yi, who had missed Shentujie's crossing the catastrophe, was extremely surprised. Looking at Yuan Yutang, he felt familiar, but he still couldn't remember where he had seen him.

Yuan Yutang apologized with a wry smile, "Sun Guanshi, Pindao is the Zhou An of that day. I have concealed something before. It is a last resort. Please make amends."

Sun Yi jumped up immediately when he heard the words, and shouted in disbelief, "What? You are Zhou An? This, how is this possible?"

Yuan Yutang knew Sun Yi's character well, thinking that he would soon enter the Jingshan sect anyway, so he simply told the truth:

"To be honest with the manager, Pindao has a supernatural power, which can be ever-changing and mysterious."

As he said that, he directly used the supernatural power of transforming the fetus into shape in front of Sun Yi and the two of them, transforming into Tantai Le, with a flawless expression, and said with a cheerful smile, "Xiao Sun, do you think this is the deity?" Huh?"

Sun Yi was so surprised that he was speechless, even Chen Changsheng, who was mentally prepared, was extremely surprised.

After proving his ability, Yuan Yutang recounted everything that happened on Qingtian Peak from the beginning before Sun Yi got angry.

After hearing this, Sun Yi burst into tears, knelt down on the ground with a thud, and kowtowed heavily in the direction of Qingtian Peak, "Sword head, please forgive me for being unfilial, I can't see you for the last time~"

Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng were also saddened.

In any case, Shen Tujie is a great man of his generation, anyone who has heard of his deeds will be in awe.

But after mourning Shen Tujie, Sun Yi glared at Yuan Yutang with red eyes like a beast. @*~~

Chen Changsheng was worried that there would be a conflict, and was about to persuade him, but was stopped by Yuan Yutang.

The so-called heart disease needs heart medicine and medicine. If Sun Yi has a grudge, he might as well go his own way.

So Yuan Yutang calmly prepared to bear Sun Yi's anger.

However, after waiting for a long time, Sun Yi suppressed his anger, clasped his fists with a lonely expression, and said, "Your Excellency has the grace of rebuilding Qingtian Peak. It would be too much for a certain family to entangle that little deception. Since Elder Tantai ordered A certain family obeys Your Excellency's command, and a certain family is willing to obey orders wholeheartedly."

"However, a certain family is unhappy, so I have the courage to resign for three days, and wait for a certain family to calm down before coming back to serve you."

After all, he left the inn without looking back.

Looking at the back of Sun Yi leaving, Yuan Yutang showed a knowing smile.

Knowing the general situation, knowing how to advance and retreat, he really is the talent he likes.

After this conversation, Sun Yi was initially convinced. As for whether he could stay willingly in the end, it could only depend on chance.

After Sun Yi left, Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng sat opposite each other.


"Changsheng, I'm glad you can figure it out." Yuan Yutang smiled gratifiedly.

However, Chen Changsheng was a little embarrassed. After all, changing the door and wall was not a glorious thing. To put it bluntly, to be honest, he was a little afraid that Yuan Yutang would look down on him.

It's just that Yuan Yutang, who has the soul of a modern person, doesn't see it that way. Job-hopping is just a common thing on earth, so how could he underestimate Chen Changsheng?

After some frank exchanges, he finally dispelled Chen Changsheng's worries.

"I said that day, as long as you are willing to switch to the gate wall, I will accept apprentices on behalf of the master. From now on, you and I will be brothers." Yuan Yutang looked at Chen Changsheng with a smile after finishing speaking.

The active-minded Chen Changsheng knew the elegant meaning when he heard the string song, took a deep breath, stood up and straightened his clothes, solemnly bowed to Yuan Yutang, and said in a concentrated voice, "Chen Changsheng of the Jingshan sect, I pay my respects to the brother in charge!"

Yuan Yutang was elated immediately, he went up to help Chen Changsheng with a big laugh, squeezed the back of his hand and said, "Hahaha, Jingshan sect has such outstanding juniors and younger brothers, why worry that the family is not prosperous? If the old master can find out , will definitely be very gratifying.”

Then Yuan Yutang hugged the well-behaved Xiexiu, and coaxed with a smile, "Heixiu, this is your Changsheng Martial Uncle, please say hello to Martial Uncle."

Hehe blinked his big eyes, and then said in a crisp voice, "Hehe, I have met Uncle Changsheng!"

Both Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng were mesmerized by their adorable appearance. They looked at each other, and immediately burst out laughing.

This moment seemed to be remembered by history, and it also foreshadowed the rise of Jingshan Sect. .


		