

Zhou Lanlan is a spoiled and pampered daughter of a rich family. Although she is unruly, she is very kind and never bullies the weak.

But if someone dared to treat her lightly, they might get a big slap in the face.

In the past, Zhou Lanlan thought this way, but when she was really being treated lightly, she was helpless.

She also didn't know what kind of enchantment that sinister blond man cast, which made her unable to move at all. She could only watch helplessly as the man stretched out the claws of Anlu Mountain, and slowly reached towards her icy and clean delicate body.

Zhou Lanlan screamed desperately in her heart, fantasized desperately, trying to summon the heroic and unparalleled hero in the storybook to save her from the fire and water.

It's a pity that reality is not a script, and miracles usually don't happen.

So she closed her eyes in despair, two lines of tears slid down her fragile dimple.

However, at the next moment, the strange hand she expected didn't land on her body, instead, it was like a gust of wind was stirred up out of nowhere in the room, followed by a painful muffled groan.

"Woo~"

Boom~

Zhou Lanlan opened her eyes in panic, and saw a figure from behind at some point in front of her.

The back is not burly, but looks thin and slender.

But Zhou Lanlan felt like a mountain towering above the sky, as if as long as he was behind him, he didn't have to worry about the wind and rain.

And the blond man who was trying to plot against her disappeared strangely, replaced by a large hole in the opposite wall out of thin air.

Tread Tread!

At this time, there was a rush of footsteps outside the door, and before she could react, the door was violently knocked open in an instant.

Immediately after, more than a dozen murderous guards rushed in, froze for a moment, then their expressions changed drastically, and they raised their weapons and killed the thin figure indiscriminately.

The person who rushed the fastest was a sinister man who made Zhou Lanlan very uncomfortable. I saw him holding two inch-long lancets, his body like a swimming fish, and he was attacking swiftly and violently with strange steps.

The rest of the guards also reacted, their eyes were red, as if an old bachelor who had been starving for decades suddenly met a naked beauty, screaming and joining the battle group.

In an instant, afterimages of knives, guns and sticks flocked endlessly in the room, and the fierce wind raged and roared.

Zhou Lanlan's beautiful eyes widened, her delicate body trembled, desperately trying to explain.

(No, it’s not like this, you’re making a mistake~)

It's a pity that the blond man's enchantment has not yet failed, even if Zhou Lanlan tried his best, he still couldn't spit out half a word.

In the final analysis, it is still to blame for the reward order issued by Tongtong on Wednesday. As long as the murderer is taken down, no matter whether he lives or dies, he will be a top-notch paddy field.

The wages of avarice is death.

Under such circumstances, how can those poor and crazy warriors know the truth? Of course, they should strike first, regardless of whether he is a murderer, he will be rewarded after hacking him to death!

A few terrified little maids came late, rushed to Zhou Lanlan's side and broke down crying, frantically trying to drag Zhou Lanlan out of this dangerous place.

Yuan Yutang was speechless.

After lying in ambush for most of the night, he managed to catch the murderer showing up. The situation was urgent before, and seeing that the murderer was about to attack Zhou Lanlan, he had no choice but to repel the murderer.

When he was about to pursue him, such a large group of people suddenly appeared and besieged him without saying a word.

In this situation, even clay figurines are angry, let alone the bloody Yuan Yutang.

Taking a deep breath, his eyes froze suddenly, his blood swelled, and in an instant, like a thousand arrows being fired, countless shadows of fists soared into the sky.

Bang bang bang bang bang!

The sound of the violent beating was like rain smashing plantains. Before Zhou Lanlan was dragged out of the door by the maid, she saw the ferocious wolf-like guards besieged one by one and flew in all directions like kites with broken strings.

"Uh~"

"Ah~"

The shrill screams were endless, and the room that was overcrowded a moment ago was suddenly clear.

Except for the gloomy man, the rest of the guards were instantly repelled.

The sinister man's double lancets were all smashed, but he simply threw them away.

The bare handle of the knife fell off, and the bully came forward to fight.

Yuan Yutang frowned, swung his arms, and sent his elbows forward, an ancient Muay Thai style [God Monkey Presents Treasure] pierced like a steel spear.

The sinister man suddenly withdrew his forward momentum, his arms drew up and down in virtual circles, and a strange pulling force actually dispelled Yuan Yutang's powerful elbow spear.

"Back to oneness with humility, Taoist kung fu, are you a Taoist priest?" Yuan Yutang asked in surprise.

The sinister man gritted his teeth and remained silent, resisting the severe pain in his arms and charged forward again. Three steps away, there was a ferocious [Double Ghost Slapping the Door], hitting Yuan Yutang's temples on both sides.

Seeing the sinister man's attack fiercely, all his moves were rushing to take his life, Yuan Yutang's expression sank suddenly, and he took a step forward, the strength from the heel to the whole body, climbing up like a dragon swimming in the sea, when it reached the highest point, it suddenly resembled Photographed like a catastrophe.

""Fist Gang", the immortal asks the way!"

The gloomy man was taken aback, it was too late to dodge at this moment, he could only put his arms on the shelf, and gritted his teeth to carry it.

Gullah~

A piercing sound of bone shattering resounded through the room.

Immediately afterwards, Zhou Lanlan and the little maids witnessed with their own eyes that the arms, head, and even the entire upper body of the sinister man were slapped into muddy six-colored minced meat and shot like water, rendering the whole boudoir like a slaughterhouse.

After this delay, more guards from outside also rushed over after hearing the news.

Yuan Yutang didn't want to have another twists and turns, he jumped into the hole in the room with a cold snort, and disappeared into the night.

Not long after, Zhou Tong, who was out of breath, also rushed over with a large group of guards. He was relieved to see that the sluggish baby girl was safe, and rushed to Zhou Lanlan's side, pushed away the little maid who was in the way, and shouted anxiously, " Lan Lan, are you okay? Don't scare Daddy~"

Zhou Lanlan blinked her eyes as if waking up from a dream, stared blankly at the anxious Wednesday Tong, and suddenly screamed:

"Ah~"

This unexpected scream almost broke Zhou Tong's eardrums.

Zhou Lanlan didn't want to stop until her voice was almost broken, and said hoarsely, "Just now, someone wanted to harm my daughter. Fortunately, fortunately, there was a righteous man to save me..."

Before he finished speaking, he felt dizzy in the arms of Wednesday Tong.

Immediately, the Zhou mansion was up and down.


The waning moon is like a hook, looming between the clouds and mist.

In the open wilderness, there are two figures chasing at a speed that is unimaginably fast.

"Bold monster, where are you running!"

The figure who was slightly behind suddenly shouted loudly, and immediately raised his hand, a ball of glory was thrown out suddenly.

The figure in front sensed a scorching hot breath coming from behind him, and with a strange cry, it turned into a black shadow and accelerated rapidly.

Boom~

The ball of light exploded on the ground, splashing a lot of soil and grass stems.

Being blocked by those guards in the Zhou Mansion for a while, Yuan Yutang couldn't shorten the distance with the blond man no matter what, and he couldn't help feeling extremely anxious.

Gritting his teeth, Yuan Yutang's eyes flickered.

The next moment, mana surged, and a bright golden light appeared on his body, and then disappeared in place with a swish.

When it reappeared, it unexpectedly stopped in front of the black smoke.

The fourth heavenly gang supernatural power - vertical golden light!

Hei Yan seemed taken aback by Yuan Yutang's elusive presence, paused for a moment, and then turned back into the body of the blond man.

"Where are you monster!" Yuan Yutang shouted awe-inspiringly, his eyes full of excitement.

Encountering a monster means another good fortune has been earned.

The blond man has a high nose and deep eyes. In fact, he looks extremely handsome, but unfortunately, there is always an evil spirit shrouded in his face, which spoils his handsomeness.

At this moment, the blond man's eyes widened, and he spoke blunt Xia language, gnashing his teeth and said, "Bold mortal, dare to offend the great Ozlar, go to hell and repent!"

As soon as the words fell, Yuan Yutang immediately felt vigilant.

However, he never expected that Jin

The man's attack actually came from his shadow.

Whoa!

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang watched in horror that his own shadow had escaped from the ground, wrapped around his body like a python, and shrank suddenly when it reached the neck, and suddenly he felt a strong sense of suffocation.

The blond man smiled ferociously, and walked towards Yuan Yutang with a gloomy expression.

"Meddling in other people's business usually won't end well. Do you think I'm really afraid of you?"

Yuan Yutang's eyes were about to burst, and he struggled to resist the crazily shrinking shadow strangling his neck, unable to move his body at all.

He has never seen such a weird spell since his debut, and he has no countermeasures for a while.

"Don't be unconvinced, it is your honor to die at the hands of the great Ozlar!"

The blond man became more and more mad. When he came seven or eight steps away from Yuan Yutang, he slowly opened his mouth and saw two slender canine teeth protruding from his lips. There is no doubt that he is the Zhoujiacun serial murder case. The real culprit.

"The great Ozlar never sucked any dirty blood except virgins, but today I will make an exception for you, you are qualified to be the servant of the great Ozlar, accept the honor!"

This is not over yet, the next moment his tongue sticks out suddenly, longer and longer, and finally it is three or four feet long, and the front end of the tongue is split open like a snake, and a sharp barb pops out suddenly, as fast as Lightning pierced Yuan Yutang's carotid artery.

Yuan Yutang was startled suddenly, even though he was mentally prepared enough, he was still taken aback by the incredible attacking method of the blond man.

However, at the critical moment of life and death, he couldn't break free from the shackles of the shadow, and his heart sank to the bottom of the valley.

It was too late to say it, and Yuan Yutang was about to be pierced through the carotid artery by that terrible tongue.

Suddenly, a cold glow lit up without warning.

choke!

Click!

A large cluster of hot yellow blood splashed Yuan Yutang's head and face. He watched Monica cut off the long tongue of the blond man with a sword, and a series of question marks in his mind.

"Ah~" The blond man seemed to be in extreme pain, tightly covering his mouth that was spurting yellow blood, and let out an extremely shrill scream.

Monica's face was frosty, watching the big sword slowly stand up straight, staring coldly at the blond man who was howling in pain, and said coldly, "Scott, you betrayed the Lord, you betrayed the faith, soul You have been tempted by the devil to fall!"

"Let me give you a relief!"


		