

April thirteen, heavy rain.

Late night.

Yuan Yutang sat cross-legged under the eaves, quietly watching the raindrops falling like a bead curtain with broken strings, thinking a lot in his heart.

It has been almost half a month since I returned to Jingshan Sect, and I know everything I need to know.

But the more he understood, the heavier his heart became.

Although he has never personally managed a ticket for a magician, all industries in the world lead to the same path, and all changes remain the same.

In his previous life, he knew a lot about how to run a business.

If an enterprise wants to grow and develop, it has nothing more than talents, executives, resources and strategies.

Yuan Yutang is confident in the development strategy, and there are many executors, but the biggest shortcoming at present is the resource and talent pool.

Leaving aside the talent pool for the time being, it will take time for this to be effective.

But before returning to Jingshan Sect in person, he never thought that the sect's cultivation resources would be so lacking to such an extent.

No, it's not lack, it's not there at all.

To know the foundation of a school's foundation, it is the cultivation resources.

Whether you are a warlock or a warrior, if you want to achieve success, you must have enough cultivation resources to assist you. The resources here generally refer to everything related to cultivation, such as heaven and earth treasures, magic tools and props, blessings and caves, special formations, etc. Wait for everything.

Whether you want to recruit fresh blood or recruit famous masters, you cannot do without cultivation resources.

This principle is like a part-time job. It is impossible for a part-time worker to make money and choose a company that is about to be unraveled.

Although Yuan Yutang's personal treasury is quite rich, it is only limited to him personally. Many of his powerful props are precious and unique, and it is difficult for others to use them.

So in a short time, he couldn't solve this biggest problem.

But this is also very normal, besides his dead ghost master, there is only one little uncle whose life and death are uncertain, and the sect has been emptied for seven or eight years.

In this case, if there are still resources left over, there are really ghosts.

Everything is difficult at the beginning, even Yuan Yutang suffers from the fact that it is difficult for a smart woman to cook without rice, so she can only see walking for a while.

It's still a pleasure to wander the rivers and lakes alone, but now he is undoubtedly carrying a heavy burden on his back. @

There is a long way to go...

Three days later, the auspicious day of the zodiac.

It is suitable for burial, offering sacrifices, and meeting relatives and friends. It is forbidden to enter the house and cut trees.

It is a carefully selected Fengshui treasure land in the back of Jingshan Mountain, and all the people who can come from the Jingshan sect are here.

Yuan Yutang was dressed in hemp and filial piety, with a mournful expression, holding a brand new coffin lying in a big pit a few steps away in a daze while hugging him.

The ashes of the sloppy old man are contained in the coffin.

After more than a year, the slovenly old man who has been wandering outside for a long time is finally going to return to his roots and rest in peace. jj.br>

Yuan Yutang seemed to be caught in the memory, although he spent a short time with the sloppy old man, the past was vivid in his mind, and he couldn't help crying sadly from his heart.

The kind old man who taught him not to be disappointed in the world is finally going to finish his last journey, and he will never have anything to do with the world again.

The taciturn Liuxian Changfei looked at the sky, and said in a deep voice, "The auspicious time has come, the sages are buried!"

Although the rest of the people had never met the sloppy old man, the dead were the most important, and they were not stingy with paying the most solemn respects to the nameless old man for the last time.

Especially Chen Changsheng, who suffered a lot since he was a child and experienced the sufferings of the world, he seemed to be able to empathize with him, and he burst into tears unconsciously.

The auspicious time has come, and the ancestors are on the road, and everyone can't help being awe-inspiring.

"Bow!" Chang Fei solemnly shouted.

Everyone bowed to the end.

"Two bows!" Chang Fei sang again.

Everyone bowed again.

"Three bows!"

As the last sound fell, the burial ceremony was completely completed, and the next step was to fill the grave.

When a new solitary tomb was established, Yuan Yutang suppressed the grief in his heart, held a large amount of paper money in his hands, and raised them vigorously, and the paper money fluttered into the air like butterflies turning flowers.

"Master, you old man, go all the way!"

Chen Changsheng also painted a ladle according to the gourd, and grew tears streaming down his face.

Hissed:

"Master, your old man is going well all the way, and I will support each other with my senior brother to carry forward the sect!"

Although he was young and ignorant, he seemed to be infected by the solemnity of Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng. For a moment, he thought of the scene of Grandpa's burial, and cried out with grief from his heart:

"Master~ Hehe will be very good, you go all the way!"

Finally, when they arrived at the three newly joined fairy families, they said in unison with the most solemn etiquette:

"The old head is going well all the way, I will do my best to assist the real head, and I will go through fire and water, and I will not hesitate!"

Since then, the funeral has been settled.

In addition to letting the sloppy old man return to his roots, Yuan Yutang has another thing to worry about recently.

That is conferring naturalization.

However, all Taoist children must have experienced naturalization before they can be considered official. Otherwise, they will not be protected by Taoist luck, nor will they be recognized by the official court, and they can only walk in the name of a layman.

In Taoist inheritance, there are divisions of transmission and instruction. As the name suggests, transmission is the inheritance of masters. The master is introduced into the door, and after transmission, there are masters, Taoist names, and generations.

It's a pity that the previous generation of Jingshan sect almost died out, so Yuan Yutang could not get the teaching no matter what, and could only obtain the real Taoist qualifications from the inscription. Error-free update@

On the other hand, granting a book is more strict and solemn than passing it on, and it needs to be jointly certified by the local leader sect and the government on the basis of passing it on to be justified.

Moreover, the talisman is a scripture that Taoist priests should keep. Only after the talisman is conferred, can the gods on the talisman be summoned to show their spirits. Those who have not been granted the talisman will not be able to practice the law effectively, and the officials and soldiers will be far away. If they cast the spell forcibly, not only will it not work, but they will be condemned by heaven.

Although Yuan Yutang has the blessing of luck from the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art", he has his own school regardless of whether he is naturalized or not, but if he wants to truly inherit the Jingshan sect, he must be granted naturalization.

So on the second day after the sloppy old man was buried, he left alone and went to Shaozhou to visit the officials of the shrine department who specialized in supervising sorcerers and the leader of Shaozhou's Tianxian sect.

Although he hates courteous entertainment, in order to fulfill the last wish of the sloppy old man, he had to go against his will once.

On the night Yuan Yutang left, Chen Changsheng had a strange dream.

In the dream, he seemed to have returned to the broken thatched hut where he and his mother depended on each other when he was a child.

At that time, my mother was paralyzed in bed before she was seriously ill.

It seems that on a sunny morning, the mother who was still a few years ago was sitting at the door waiting for him to come back from carrying water.

"Longevity, someone will come to pick up my mother later, you take the money and go to the alley to cut some meat, and my mother will cook a delicious meal for you in person, we two have a good meal, and my mother wants to be full Let's go."

Back when he was a child, Chen Changsheng was ignorant, as if he couldn't understand what A Niang was saying, so he happily ran back to the house to find a few copper coins from under some broken earthen jars, and then bounced to the alley. Kou Zhang buys meat from the butcher.

After the meat was bought, Chen Changsheng bought a handful of green onions, two pieces of fresh tofu, and a freshly caught fatty fish, and went home to light a fire for cooking.

Chen Changsheng, who lost his life since he was a child, is no stranger to cooking. He moved a small bench and tiptoed to happily put the cut and washed slices of meat into the pan with hot oil.

With a sizzling sound, the fat and thin slices of meat were suddenly aroused by the boiling oil, and the poor home was full of fireworks all of a sudden.

A Niang just watched Xiao Changsheng jumping up and down busy with a smile like this, her eyes were both gratified and reluctant.

Soon, three dishes and one soup, which was considered a sumptuous meal for Chen Changsheng and his son, were served on the table.

Although A Niang said that she wanted to eat well, she subconsciously put almost all the delicious food into Chen Changsheng's bowl, and she kept babbling about the past, as if she wanted to finish talking for a lifetime.

Because he hadn't dined at the same table with his mother for a long time, Chen Changsheng was originally very happy, but he was inexplicably heartbroken while eating, heartache for no reason, and suddenly broke down and cried loudly.

A Niang smiled kindly, got up and hugged Chen Changsheng, just like coaxing him when she was a child, hugging him tightly and coaxing, "Little Changsheng, don't cry, Aniang is leaving. From now on, Xiao Changsheng must be strong, you know?"

"Wow, aunt, Changsheng doesn't want you to leave, please don't leave Changsheng behind~" Chen Changsheng cried heartbreakingly.

A Niang just kept laughing, obviously very happy.

, but burst into tears.

Suddenly A Niang stared at the door, turned her head and laughed while holding back tears, "They are coming soon, Xiao Changsheng can help A Niang comb her hair again."

Chen Changsheng's heart was pierced, but he nodded firmly with tears in his eyes. He staggered to get the wooden comb with some missing teeth, and climbed onto the table to obediently comb A Niang's hair.

A Niang turned her back to Chen Changsheng, and kept nagging, "Little Changsheng is so good, having a son like you, A Niang's life is worth it... From now on, you must be obedient and study hard to learn fairy arts. Strive to ascend to immortality, only in this way can we truly escape from the sea of ​​suffering, know how to cut?"

Chen Changsheng was so choked up that he couldn't speak, so he could only nod dully.

Soon after the hair was combed, A-Niang turned her head and smiled, with nostalgia in her eyes, she said, "I'm sorry for you in this life, A-Niang, if there is another life, A-Niang will still be your mother."

Chen Changsheng broke down in tears and said, "Woooooo, in the next life, Changsheng will still be A Niang's son..."

A Niang lovingly touched the top of Chen Changsheng's head, and said with a smile, "They are here, A Niang is leaving, you will take care of yourself from now on~"

Chen Changsheng was startled, and just as he was about to speak, he suddenly woke up from his dream, and immediately rushed out of the room and ran down the mountain regardless.

When he came to the foot of the mountain, a plump and handsome middle-aged man seemed to be waiting beside the official road as expected, and there was a white carriage parked behind him.

White represents funerals, and things transported in white carriages must be disasters.

Chen Changsheng stared fixedly at the white carriage, as if something had been cut off from his heart, and burst into tears instantly.

The middle-aged man sighed faintly, came to Chen Changsheng's side and patted him on the shoulder, and said in a shy voice, "Old man Huang Qisu, he failed to live up to Sect Master Yuan's expectations and failed to bring your mother safely... the old man is I walked away last night very peacefully, I just kept looking in the direction of Jingshan, I must be thinking about you..."

"... Let's go see the old man for the last time, my condolences will change..."

After half a sound, a mournful cry soared into the sky.

"Mother~~". @·No fault first launch~~


		