

The night is like ink, and the moon is covered by clouds and mist.

Yuan Yutang sat alone on the roof of the inn smoking a stuffy cigarette.

The conversation with Li Chunyi during the day was so shocking that he still hasn't gotten out of his emotional distress until now.

magic……

The scholar named Guo Bei, with the body of a mortal, performed the miracles of a saint...

He originally thought that Lanruo Temple, where demons gathered, was already one of the largest demon caves in the world, but he never expected that Guobei County, which only appeared in the background a few times in the movie, was the most terrifying place in the world today, and could even remove one.

He thought that by virtue of his familiarity with the plot of the movie, he could earn a fortune by eradicating the tree demon grandma who had not yet matured in advance, but unexpectedly strayed into a minefield that might explode at any time.

If he had known this earlier, he might not have come to this muddy water.

Thinking of this, he couldn't help laughing wryly.

Forget it, since Li Chunyi chooses to be open and honest, it proves that the situation may have deteriorated to the point where it could get out of control at any time.

If he had to choose to sit on the sidelines and leave at this time.

It's hard to do with his temperament.

That being the case, let it be. @重量\/书阁*First release update~~

He didn't believe that the lurking Dana True Cultivator would tolerate the birth of strange demons and wantonly destroy this human dojo.

With a clear conscience, resign yourself to fate!

"call!"

Yuan Yutang breathed out the last puff of smoke deeply, as if the depression in his heart was also discharged from his body, his confused eyes became clear again, and he looked up quietly.

Um.

Except for the darkness above the night, he could not see any trace of resentment at all.

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang felt a little frustrated.

Li Chunyi said that if you want to feel the cohesion of the magic embryo, you must at least have a cultivation level above that of a human immortal.

Although his strength surpassed most of the human, immortal, and ghost gate border warlocks, the watershed in the realm was right in front of him.

If you don't reach the fairyland, you won't be able to exercise the power of the gods for a day.

I hope that by opening the supernatural power again, I can be promoted to the human fairyland smoothly.

For some reason, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a strong sense of urgency.

It seems that there is a big crisis approaching in the dark.


The next day, Yuan Yutang got up very early, without anyone yelling, and walked down the street alone.

It didn't take long before he discovered that compared to the usual Gotham-style streets where fish and dragons were mixed together and drew their knives at each other without saying a word, today it seemed extraordinarily orderly and stable.

Of course, it can't be that the people with strong folk customs suddenly changed their sex overnight, but that there are more foreigners on the street that make the local residents feel afraid.

Most of those outsiders looked haughty, wearing Taoist robes, crowns, and swords on their backs. On their left breasts, they were uniformly embroidered with a Tai Chi picture surrounded by three stars and purple Qi rising from the east.

You don't need to think about it, these Taoist priests who walk with their heads looking up at the sky are disciples of the Sanxingguan of the Niuermen sect in Gunzhou.

Sure enough, the face of dignitaries is precious.

It was only yesterday that I heard from Li Chunyi that the Sanxing Temple was going to start a war against the demons of Lanruo Temple. I didn't expect the disciples of the Sanxing Temple to appear on the streets of Guobei County today.

It seems that the Zigan real person is still a vigorous and straightforward person.

Yuan Yutang stood on the side of the road and watched with great interest the scene where the former tyrants in the street were terrified like rats in front of the more arrogant and domineering Sanxingguan disciples, obediently accepting interrogation.

After stopping to watch for a while, Yuan Yutang soon lost interest.

Presumably the disciples of the Sanxing Temple are used to being arrogant, and they look down on Lanruo Temple from the bottom of their hearts, thinking that the filthy Lanruo Temple is just a little demon wandering soul they sent at will, and they are so perfunctory even in collecting information.

The fast passers-by believe what they say, and they have no desire to prove it at all, and even feel impatient to talk more with those mud legs.

Such an attitude, in Yuan Yutang's mind, could already be pronounced a death sentence.

With a cold smile, Yuan Yutang turned around and hid in the alley.

He couldn't understand the superior attitude of these people.

Since it is so big, then be prepared to pay the price.

He's not that scholar named Guo Bei, he's not interested in trying to force those lunatics who hate their lives to turn around.

It's just that he didn't expect that the sewage would flow across. (This chapter is not finished!)

Chapter 49: Sense of Mission

At the end of a dirty alley full of garbage, there is an interesting scene.

"At the beginning of human beings, nature is good, nature is similar, habits are far away..."

In front of a simple threshold, there are sitting one old and one young, and the immature boys are reciting the Enlightenment "Three Character Classic" carefully.

After the boy had recited the entire text of the "Three Character Classic" word for word, the blind old man nodded in satisfaction, and said with a soft smile, "That's right. It seems that you have followed Mr.'s advice and worked hard when you got home last night."

The boy straightened his back, obviously ecstatic at being praised, but he wanted to say seriously with a sullen face, "Sir, I dare not forget."

The blind old man stroked his beard and laughed straight, "There is no limit to learning, don't be proud. Although you have memorized the entire "Three Character Classic", it does not mean that you understand the truth. Don't be convinced, sir. Ask you, the book Have you ever known the benevolence, righteousness, sincerity, respect, and filial piety?"

The boy who was still full of pride fell down like a discouraged ball after hearing this, and replied sullenly, "I never knew."

Although the old man was blind, but his mind was very bright, he made the frustrated boy happy again with a few words, and then patiently taught the boy the meaning of "human beings are inherently good, their natures are similar, and their habits are far apart."

When the boy really understood the truth, the two hugged each other happily.

Yuan Yutang watched quietly from a distance, but the corners of his mouth raised involuntarily. @重量\/书阁·No fault first release~~

Although this scene was as plain as water, it was just a very common part of the master-student inheritance, but it made Yuan Yutang's thoughts clear.

The reason why the Daxia nation has survived repeated foreign invasions is the cultural inheritance passed down from generation to generation.

Perhaps the scholar named Guo Bei back then, who obviously had no strength to fight, dared to live to death, relied on "establishing a heart for the world, establishing a life for the people, inheriting the knowledge of the past, and creating peace for all generations." Faith created an unprecedented miracle and resolved a catastrophe on earth with his own power.

Today's peace, which the predecessors risked their lives for, should not be broken by the nightmare of the past.

At this moment, Yuan Yutang felt a heavy sense of mission descending on his shoulders.

The sun sets on the western mountain, and night falls as expected.

Dozens of figures came silently in front of the woods outside the Lanruo Temple, which is rarely visited by people.

"Immortal Master, the time to encounter demons (Zi Shi) has come. The lower officials and ordinary people dare not hinder the immortal master from killing demons and demons. Can you step down first?"

Under the moonlight, Guobei County's one-of-a-kind county lord is respectfully resigning to a white-haired old man with a full face.

The person who can be treated with such courtesy by Guobei County is naturally the real person Zigan, the master of the three-star temple.

Master Zigan snorted coldly, waved his hands with a frown in disgust, and the magistrate, as if he had been pardoned, left in a hurry with a group of terrified yamen servants.

After the county lord left, nearly half of the people on the scene suddenly disappeared.

After gazing at the woods for a long time, Master Zigan suddenly turned around and shouted:

"Three-star audience disciples obey orders, and you can follow me into the forest to eliminate demons. You must rescue Mr. Di and wipe out the demons!"

All the disciples were shocked when they heard the words, and promised repeatedly.

Under the dark moon and high wind, a fierce battle is about to kick off. .

Chapter 49: Sense of Mission


		