

Taikang eighteen years, June thirteenth.

After more than a month of long journey, Yuan Yutang and his party finally entered the territory of Xiezhou.

More than 150 miles west of Xiezhou is Guobei County.

The group of monsters gathered at Lanruo Temple in Guobei County is extremely fierce, even Li Yan, who is in the fairyland, and Yuan Yutang, who is comparable to a fairy, dare not underestimate them.

Considering that there will be a fierce battle to be fought, the three of them have consciously started to recharge their batteries since entering the territory of Xiezhou.

After a long day of driving, everyone was exhausted.

Seeing that the sun was about to set, I heard from a passing woodcutter that there was a Nie’s Village a few miles ahead.

With tiles covering their heads, no one wants to sleep in the open, especially if there are female relatives in the car, so Yuan Yutang immediately decided to go to Nie's Village for the night.

It was completely dark when we arrived at Nie's Village. Looking at the vast Zhuangzi under the night, Yuan Yutang was inexplicably moved.

It seems that although this Nie's Village is called a village, it is actually a private fortress, where private soldiers are raised.

As soon as he got close to the ten-foot-high earth wall, torches suddenly ignited on the wall, and more than a dozen strong and fierce men raised their bows and set arrows, and warned sharply, "Stop coming, Nie's village does not welcome you late at night!" Any foreign guests, retreat quickly!"

Yuan Yutang smiled slightly, jumped down from the shaft of the car calmly, strode up to the firelight and said loudly, "Yuan Yuji, the head of the Jingshan sect in Shaozhou, Tianshui, the poor Taoist, and his friends were passing by your place. You have the audacity to come here uninvited, and I implore the eldest brother to inform the owner of the estate and allow us to stay overnight."

"You yellow-mouthed boy is a Taoist priest? What evidence do you have?" The big man who had just warned was dubious. Although his face was already relaxed, the bow and arrow in his hand did not relax at all.

Yuan Yutang cupped his hands, then took out a certificate from his bosom, raised his hand, and the fluffy paper flew through the air like a shooting star, and flung it directly in front of the big man.

This miraculous method immediately stunned the dozen or so big men on the wall.

You must know that the ultimatum does not weigh much, and it is impossible to throw an arrow (about 202 meters) without superhuman skills.

After Yuan Yutang showed his hand, he arrogantly waited in place.

The big man in the head was completely conquered, and he clasped his fists in fear and respect and said, "The villain has eyes but doesn't know Mount Tai, and doesn't know that the real master is coming. He deserves death! Please wait a moment, the master master, and the villain will report right away!"

As he spoke, he scolded and beat his subordinates to put down their bows and arrows, and then hurriedly went to report.

After about half a stick of incense, the heavily closed gate of the village creaked and was slowly pushed open.

A blissful middle-aged man in his fifties, led by a group of servants, came out in a hurry, came to Yuan Yutang and bowed deeply, and said respectfully, "Old man Nie Sanyuan, owner of Nie Family Village, see you!" In the present, the real master of the sect has lost his way, so please forgive me."

Yuan Yutang returned the salute and said, "Wuliang Tianzun, Master Nie is very polite, it's because of the lack of consideration in the middle of the night, I hope you don't blame me."

"Don't dare to act, don't dare to act, please hurry up, come here, help the real man with the luggage!" Nie Sanyuan hurriedly ordered the servants to help.

After entering Zhuangzi, Yuan Yutang and the others felt the wealth and power of Nie's village.

Good guy, this isn't an ordinary village, it's clearly a military town.

There are martial arts training grounds, bazaars, private schools, weapons workshops and other facilities in the village. Close the gate of the village, it is like a small kingdom with its own cycle.

Just as the woodcutter said, Nie Sanyuan has a very forthright and enthusiastic personality. He cared for Yuan Yutang and the others along the way, asking for their relatives and warmth, which was a bit too enthusiastic.

Corporal Lixian must ask for something.

Yuan Yutang and Yan Li secretly made eye contact, and they knew it clearly.

When he came to Nie Sanyuan's magnificent main house, he had already prepared a large table full of sumptuous food and wine in a short time, which was the highest state of being at home.

The guests and hosts were seated, full of food and drink, Yuan Yutang coughed lightly, stood up and said straight to the point, "Mr Nie, thanks to Your Excellency for your kind hospitality, everyone is a cheerful person, if there is anything that can help, feel free to ask, no need Courtesy."

Nie Sanyuan was startled, smiled blushingly, and said rather embarrassingly, "What is the head of the real person talking about? There are friends coming from afar, and the old man's Zhuangzi can welcome such a distinguished guest as the real person. It's a good thing, how dare you bother the real person, hehe..."

"Really?" Yuan Yutang asked with a half-smile.

Nie Sanyuan hesitated again and again, his face sank, and he said with shame, "I'm ashamed to say, old man... I really have an unfeeling request..."

Yuan Yutang put away his hippie smile, and said sternly, "It's okay to talk about outsiders."

Nie Sanyuan sighed quietly, but he didn't make a request immediately, instead he ordered the servants, "Go and invite the lady up."

Yuan Yutang didn't say much, just waited quietly.

After a while, the servants led a young girl in white to come.

Yuan Yutang raised his eyelids inadvertently, and couldn't help being shocked.

That white dress is like cold smoke covering the moonlight, not stained by the snow and frost of the world.

The young girl is dressed in white clothes, and her graceful figure can be vaguely seen in the thin gauze material. Her facial features are exquisite and picturesque, and her temperament is ethereal and elegant. It is very charming and charming.

"This girl should only exist in the sky. It's rare to see her in the world. The ancients never deceived me. There really are beauties of national beauty and heavenly fragrance in the world."

Yuan Yutang was fascinated by it, and couldn't help blurting out what was in his heart.

Nie Yuanwai first smiled triumphantly, then sighed again, beckoned and said, "Xiaoqian, come here to see Master Yuan and his friends."

The word "Xiaoqian" was like five thunderbolts, which shocked Yuan Yutang out of his obsession.

Nie Yuanwai's daughter Xiaoqian?

Nie Xiaoqian?

It can't be such a coincidence, can it?

The more Yuan Yutang looked at it, the more frightened he became. The vague image of Xiaoqian, a female ghost in his memory, seemed to be highly integrated with the beautiful girl in front of him, as if they were exactly the same.

Nie Xiaoqian didn't know what was going on in Yuan Yutang's mind, so she gave a sweet smile and said softly, "Nie Xiaoqian, the daughter of the people, has met the head of Yuan and all the masters."

Yan Chixia teasingly touched the distraught Yuan Yutang, and said with a snicker, "What's the matter, it's rare for you to lose your composure, Brother, could it be that you have taken a fancy to this beauty? If yes, I'll make the decision for you, brother, and I promise you will repay her." A beautiful woman returns."

Yuan Yutang came back to his senses, rubbed his nose to hide his embarrassment, and said, "Brother Yan, don't molested younger brother, how can people outside the party get in love with ordinary people, don't mention it again, it would be bad to be heard."

Yan Chixia was not happy when she heard this, and immediately said with a sullen face, "What are you talking about, brother, your Jingshan sect cultivator didn't have accidents to taboo orthodoxy, and you don't taboo on marriage and betrothal, what's the big deal if you're really tempted? "

The whispering between the two caught Nie Sanyuan's attention, and he asked nervously, "You two elders, could it be that you have seen something wrong with the little girl?"

After Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia heard this, they quickly restrained themselves, coughed lightly and said in embarrassment, "Officer Nie laughed at me. We were just discussing technical issues. Ms. Nie has a very good face. She is a blessed person, so there is no need to worry."

It was just a comforting word of nonsense, but Nie Yuanwai left the table with a bitter face when he heard it, and came to Nie Xiaoqian. Save my daughter Xiaoqian!"

Nie Xiaoqian also wailed, leaned over and said mournfully, "I beg the gods to be merciful and save the little girl~"

Yuan Yutang and the others were taken aback, and hurriedly got up with Yan Chixia to help Nie Sanyuan and his daughter.

No matter what, Fang persuaded Nie Sanyuan and his daughter.

Then Nie Sanyuan sighed and told the whole story:

Everyone in a radius of hundreds of miles knew that the Nie family had a girl who had just grown up, and she was beautiful and beautiful, and she was gorgeous.

It was a happy thing for Nie Sanyuan to have such a daughter.

However, Nie Xiaoqian's glamorous reputation not only attracts mad bees, waves and butterflies, but also attracts a disaster.

"A disaster?"

Hearing this, Yuan Yutang put aside his distracting thoughts, and carefully looked at the charming Nie Xiaoqian.

Not to mention, this look, he really found it unusual.

I saw a nebulous and evil spirit lingering around Nie Xiaoqian's body.

Nie Sanyuan held Nie Xiaoqian's trembling little hand, and sighed, "Let me explain carefully."

Yuan Yutang was awe-inspiring and didn't dare to make any further plans.

It happened half a month ago.

It was a dark, dry night of the month.

That night Nie Xiaoqian slept soundly in the boudoir, and had a dream in a daze.

In the dream, there seemed to be a romantic and handsome man who claimed to be a scholar from Nanping Mountain. He had never broken the marriage with Nie Xiaoqian in the previous life, and wanted to continue the relationship in this life, begging Nie Xiaoqian to marry him.

Although the thinking of the person in the dream will be more dizzy than normal, but no matter how slow Nie Xiaoqian is, it is impossible for Nie Xiaoqian to agree to the marriage proposal of a stranger who has never met, even in a dream.

After being declined, the handsome scholar was not annoyed, and took the initiative to leave in a graceful manner, telling him that he would come back tomorrow night, and he would definitely impress the beauty with his actions.

This is where the dream ends.

To be honest, I think about it every day and dream at night, and the dreams are so absurd and bizarre. Originally, this kind of thing is not worth making a fuss about.

But this is so strange because from then on, Nie Xiaoqian would dream of the scholar every night, stalking and pestering her endlessly.

Nie Xiaoqian, a weak woman, couldn't stand this kind of fright. She endured it for a few days and found that the scholar in her dream became more and more mad, so she told her father about it.

Nie Sanyuan was taken aback when he found out. Unlike ordinary patriarchal patriarchs, he loved Nie Xiaoqian to the bone.

The well-informed man knew that something was unusual as soon as he heard what his daughter said, so he immediately sent someone to invite the famous witches, gods, monks and Taoists nearby to help his daughter exorcise the evil spirits.

Unexpectedly, when those five or six so-called masters heard that the scholar in the dream claimed to be from Nanping Mountain, they all turned pale with fright, refused to accept the commission no matter what they said, and fled away like hell, no one could stop them.

The scholar still woke up on time every night to harass Nie Xiaoqian, and became more and more disrespectful.

Nie Xiaoqian was frightened, and Nie Sanyuan didn't think about eating or drinking.

Just last night, the scholar seemed to have lost his patience and issued an ultimatum, threatening to marry Nie Xiaoqian by force tonight, and marry him if he doesn't.

When the desperate Nie family father and daughter met Yuan Yutang and his party, they naturally treated it as the last straw.

Yuan Yutang asked abruptly after listening quietly, "Mr. Nie, I don't know what is the origin of Nanping Mountain?"

Nie Yuanwai's pupils shrank suddenly when he heard the words, as if there was deep-rooted fear in his heart, he hesitated again and again before saying in a miserable voice:

"Back to the truth, Nanping Mountain..."

"It's a mass grave!!!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 37 The Nie family has a young girl who grows up free to read.




		