

The old man is full of silver hair, hale and hearty, and looks kind and friendly.

Facing the warm greetings from everyone, he cheerfully cupped his hands in return and said, "Welcome all honored guests to Drunk Fairy House, maybe there are new distinguished guests who don't know Laoji yet, let me introduce myself."

"The old man Zhao Tianming has been cooking all his life. He has dedicated his life to finding and discovering the most delicious food in the world, and then sharing the true meaning of food with everyone. Today, we have a chance to meet. I hope that the old man's craftsmanship will not disappoint all distinguished guests."

Except for Yuan Yutang, the other eight lucky diners were so excited that tears filled their eyes, as if fans were eagerly looking forward to seeing their idol.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help clicking his tongue secretly.

Isn't it just a meal?

As for being so excited, those who don't know think this is a cult brainwashing scene.

No one knew what Yuan Yutang was complaining about, and maybe even if they knew, they wouldn't respond. They all stretched their necks like young animals waiting to be fed, waiting eagerly.

In the anticipation of everyone, Zhao Tianming did not pretend to be mysterious, and nodded his head as a signal. Soon, two beautiful maidservants pushed a movable stove and a cart full of ingredients and seasonings.

Zhao Tianming brewed his emotions first, as if conducting a solemn ceremony.

After a while, the turbid old eyes seemed to be gloomy, and he smiled lightly, "Since the distinguished guests are waiting impatiently, then this old man will show his shame!"

"Fire!"

The beautiful maid who was waiting in full force immediately lit the firewood under the stove with quick hands and feet.

It's strange to say, I don't know what kind of firewood those are, but there is no choking smoke when it burns, which is really miraculous.

Soon, a rich middle-aged man next door answered Yuan Yutang's doubts.

I saw him staring at the stove frantically, and said in admiration, "As expected, Chef Zhao is so particular, even the expensive firewood is used as firewood."

Yuan Yutang gasped when he heard this.

Fire wood is a very precious kind of wood. It is produced in the extremely cold snow-capped mountains of the Western Regions. It is loved by the rich and powerful for its low ignition point, fire resistance and smoke-free characteristics. Every mansion is compared with the number of fire wood furniture. talk.

In order to cook a meal, firewood is actually used as firewood. How much does it take to cook all the dishes?

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang was a little worried about whether his purse was enough to pay for the meal.

While Yuan Yutang was worrying about gains and losses, a strange fragrance suddenly overflowed, making people swallow on the spot.

"The first dish, dried meat with abalone sauce, please taste it!"

Zhao Tianming's face was radiant, and his eyes were extremely happy. Looking at the delicious food in the pot, it seemed as if he had completed a great work of art. He reluctantly asked the maid to put the dishes in front of each diner.

Yuan Yutang looked in shock at the delicately presented plate of delicacies in front of him, and the taste bud cells on his tongue seemed to be activated all of a sudden, secreting a lot of saliva in an instant.

Just now he was worried about not having enough money to pay for the meal, but now he has nothing to worry about.

An idea filled his mind.

This kind of delicacy should only be found in the sky, and it is rare to see it in the world.

To taste, must taste, no matter what the cost!

Just when he was about to lose his mind and move his chopsticks, a strange red light flashed across his pupils, like a stone thrown on the lake, which made him clear.

The chopsticks that were about to touch the food immediately hung in the air.

A momentary solemnity appeared on Yuan Yutang's face.

Something is wrong, there is a problem here!

In an instant Yuan Yutang realized that it was not good.

Just now it was clear that there was an external force messing with his mind. If he hadn't acquired the attribute of 'no confusion' after eating Henggong fish, he might be on his way.

hiss~

There was no trace of that charm, and with his current mentality, he almost fell for it unconsciously, not to mention the ordinary people around him.

Yuan Yutang turned his head and looked around in a subtle way.

Sure enough, as he expected, the diners who were already extremely fanatical blushed and devoured the dishes in front of them.

Seeing this, he suddenly felt unhappy.

No wonder Zuixianju is so popular, it turned out that it used evil ways.

Using the technique of charm, even if you put a plate of dog feces to eat for the tricked diners, it will definitely be regarded as a delicacy in the world.

It was up to him to play tricks, and he couldn't let go of whatever he said.

It's just that he had a faint feeling that he hadn't got the meat of the show yet, so he immediately decided to play tricks and see what kind of medicine these scammers were selling in the gourd.

Although Yuan Yutang's thoughts were complicated, it was only a matter of a moment. Immediately, he pretended to be like the diners around him, seeming to be feasting, but in fact he swept the suspicious food on the plate into his sleeve.

Just kidding, knowing it was a scam, how could he still eat these things.

The following exquisite and delicious dishes are cooked on the spot one by one.

The more Yuan Yutang looked at it, the more frightened he became.

Although there were eight diners, there were seven people excluding him, but Zhao Tianming cooked more than thirty dishes, not to mention the small portions, the quantity alone was enough to feed twenty people.

But the seven diners didn't seem to know how full they were, and the more they ate, the more manic they became. Their crazy eyes seemed to want to stuff everything into their mouths.

Yuan Yutang felt that he could not wait any longer.

If you wait any longer, something big will happen.

Just when he was about to turn over, he suddenly felt a terrible breath enveloping him, and then it was as if he had lost control of his body, and he couldn't move at all.

"Hehe, it seems that this little brother is not very satisfied with the old man's craftsmanship."

Zhao Tianming took the wet towel handed over by the maid and wiped his palms, smiling cheerfully.

Yuan Yutang was stunned and wanted to reprimand him, but he couldn't speak.

Originally, he thought he was hiding it well, but he didn't expect that Zhao Tianming had already seen through the truth, and he was caught off guard by the plot. Now he was completely passive.

"Forget it, it may be that the old man's cooking skills are not good enough, which makes it difficult for the little brother to swallow."

Crazy diners with bulging stomachs and longing expressions all glared at Yuan Yutang, like wild beasts that would choose to eat someone, and he couldn't help feeling his scalp go numb.

Zhao Tianming came to the Tibetan incense burner, took a deep breath of smoke, and immediately showed an intoxicated and happy expression.

After thinking about it for a while, he smiled sadly, "I think that the best delicacy in the world is to stimulate the original flavor of the ingredients, and the cooking method to bring the original flavor of the ingredients to its peak is nothing more than toast."

"Since the little brother is not satisfied with the dishes just now, let the old man show off his unique skills, so that everyone can enjoy themselves."

After hearing this, the diners, who were possessed by hungry ghosts, immediately salivated, as if devout believers received a response from the gods, they were so excited that they couldn't control themselves.

Walking to the stupefied Yuan Yutang, Zhao Tianming showed a creepy smile, stroked Yuan Yutang's smooth cheeks with the back of his hand, as if delighted by a delicate work of art, and said with a meaningful smile, "You know what? , There are tens of millions of ingredients in the world, and the poor dare not say that they have tasted them all in their lifetime, and the same rice supports all kinds of people, and it is even more difficult to choose the best ingredients when there are so many different tastes.”

"But the old man suddenly realized a truth a few years ago."

"Since people live on all things, things that fly in the sky, things that swim in the water, things that run on the land, things that are buried in the ground, things that grow in the mountains, but everything that can be swallowed cannot escape the clutches of the devil."

"Since that's the case, isn't the person who absorbs the essence of all things and the beauty of Zhong Tiandi the best food worthy of the name?"

Hearing these words, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt cold all over his body, and his hair stood on end.

The subtext behind it is naturally self-evident.

Zhao Tianming wants to eat him!

And still ready to eat him like sashimi!

With his life hanging by a thread, he would not naively think that Zhao Tianming was joking, and immediately struggled at top speed.

I don't know what demon technique Zhao Tianming used, but Yuan Yutang's struggle was completely ineffective.

It seems that he likes to see his prey struggling in vain, Zhao Tianming smiled, very happy, very maniacal.

"Hahahaha~"

Laughing wildly, Zhao Tianming's thin body changed.

Puff puff!

The withered skin, which was like tree bark, was forcefully stretched open. Under the skin, instead of bright red flesh, there was actually a layer of black hairy, scale-like skin.

It was as if there was another identity hidden under the skin.

Until now, Yuan Yutang finally saw Zhao Tianming's true face.

It turns out that the highly respected Imperial Chef was played by a monster.

In the blink of an eye, the skin that restrained the real body was broken, and a terrifying tall figure replaced it.

The figure was dark and one foot high, with a copper head and iron forehead, bloody fangs, messy hair like a sword halberd, irregular bone spurs growing on its body, and the most terrifying thing was a huge horn more than three feet long in front of its forehead. It shone coldly under the light.

cluck cluck~

Amidst a series of joint rubbing sounds like fried beans, the terrifying figure let out a hideous smile.

"Hahaha, I haven't shown my real body for a long time, it's really comfortable."

As he stared at Yuan Yutang, who was full of dead souls, two rows of staggered sharp fangs knocked at each other, his scarlet lips cracked almost to the base of his ears, and he laughed wildly, "Originally every banquet would choose someone to be a winner, little brother, can you do it?" shallow, then you don’t have to choose this time!”

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang scolded his mother in his heart.

XXOO！

Zhao Tianming revealed his terrifying real body, but the diners and maidservants around him seemed to turn a blind eye. They didn't know whether they were enchanted or they knew the truth in the first place. They all looked excited, swallowed their saliva and waited for the finale to come out.

"Take the old man's knife!"

After giving instructions to the maidservant, Zhao Tianming immediately turned his head and said to Yuan Yutang with a sly smile, "Don't worry, little brother, there is Tibetan incense here, and you won't feel any pain. The old man will remove your limbs first, and the first bite will be served after you are ready." Let you taste it, and guarantee that you will not waste your life after trying it.”

Yuan Yutang wished he could jump up and kick the monster to death.

Listen, is this a human speech?

Why is my life not in vain if I cook my own food and eat it for myself?

I co-authored my two lifetimes just to cook for you?

"Master, the knife is here."

In the midst of grief and anger, Yuan Yutang saw the maid brought a set of knives, all types of knives were available.

Zhao Tianming took down a knife affectionately as if he was looking at a lover, and after a while, his expression became grim, and he swung it at Yuan Yutang without hesitation.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 18 Free reading.




		