

Three days later, Yuan Yutang and the sloppy old man came to a small town called Gu County.

"Tong'er Mushroom in the Northeast Province has always been known as the first mountain delicacy. It is as thick as a child's arm, tender and fragrant, and has the magical effect of nourishing yin and nourishing yang. It has been one of the tributes of the royal family in all dynasties. Gu County was not originally named this way, but Because there are so many mushroom pickers in the city, the original place name was forgotten, and over time, it became the present Gu County."

The sloppy old man sat upside down on the back of the red rabbit, smoking the mellow dry tobacco while giving Yuan Yutang popular science about local customs and customs.

"Daoist Yuji is so familiar with this place, could it be that he has been here before?" Yuan Yutang looked at the city in front of him and asked indifferently.

"Hehe, Daoist, I have traveled all over the world, where have I not set foot in Daxia territory?" The sloppy old Taoist stroked his beard cheerfully.

"Oh? Since the Taoist priest is so knowledgeable, that kid has a doubt in his heart. I don't know if the Taoist priest can solve the confusion?" Yuan Yutang asked a question calmly.

After getting along with each other for three days, Yuan Yutang can sort out his sloppy and old-fashioned temperament.

Although the old guy looks like a philistine and moody, but after Yuan Yutang's observation, he found that he is just a sharp mouth with a bean curd heart, and a warm heart inside.

As long as you follow his temper, you can easily please him.

"But it's okay to say it!" The sloppy old man agreed readily as Yuan Yutang expected.

"Dare to ask, what is merit?"

"For merit and virtue, the so-called meritorious deeds for the people, establishing virtue and self-discipline, is for merit... Don't deceive your heart, but do good deeds, don't worry about your future, and you will naturally have immeasurable merit."

"Does the merit have any specific magical effect?" Yuan Yutang didn't hear the answer he wanted, so he didn't give up and asked.

This question stunned the sloppy old Taoist, and he answered after a while, "Merits and virtues are not money or jewels, so how can they have any specific magical effect, you child, have you fallen asleep?"

Yuan Yutang curled his lips and stopped talking.

The sloppy old man only regarded this inexplicable question as a child's imagining, and put it out of his mind in a second, and sat on the horse that belonged to Yuan Yutang with peace of mind, letting him lead the horse and let him fall.

Not long after, the two came to the city gate.

According to the sloppy old Taoist, Gu County is a small county with a population of about 5,000 people, which is considered to be a small county between the county and the town. If you walk a hundred miles south, you can enter the territory of Tongshan Pass, the gateway to the Northeast Daxia Road.

During the prosperity of Great Xia and Taiping, because Gu County was located at the hub of the Saibei Commercial Road, it could be used as a transfer station. Merchants traveling from north to south gathered here, and the business here was once prosperous.

Later, due to the rebellion of the wolf tribe, the frontier army was defeated repeatedly, and a large area of ​​foreign land was occupied. Now the business of Gu County has been in decline for a long time.

After paying the city entrance tax and entering the city, the sloppy old man looked at the empty streets, and the hustle and bustle of the place he passed by seven years ago was like a world abyss, and he couldn't help feeling depressed for a while.

Yuan Yutang was not very emotional, but looking at the mottled blue brick floor and the quaint houses on both sides of the street, he felt an inexplicable sense of walking in history.

The two went to the city because they ran out of dry food and needed to go to the city to replenish and repair.

After all, Huangpizijing was the amount of dry food prepared for Yuan Yutang alone, and there was an extra scruffy old man with an amazing appetite halfway through, so it would be a ghost if he didn't tell him that he ran out.

Before he could take a few steps, two yamen servants in soap clothes hurriedly blocked the way.

Yuan Yutang and the sloppy old man were slightly startled, and just as they were about to ask questions, the two yamen servants bowed their hands first.

One of the tall, bearded Taoists respectfully said to the sloppy old Taoist priest, "May I ask if this Taoist master can subdue demons and drive away ghosts?"

The slovenly old Taoist nodded, and said in return, "The poor Taoist Zhu Shanzong's head, Yu Jizi, knows a little bit about exorcising evil spirits. The poor man asked such a question, but is there evil spirits making trouble here?"

The two yamen servants heaved a sigh of relief after hearing this, and they both bowed to the end together, and said respectfully, "The villain has met the real master of the sect, and the two of you are exactly what the villain is looking for. The county lord is here to invite you. Boldly ask the two to move to the county government."

Yuan Yutang and the sloppy old man looked at each other, and then went to the county government office together with the yamen servant.

Unexpectedly, the two of them received warm hospitality in the county government. Even the high-ranking county lord went out to greet them in person, and even arranged a sumptuous banquet, which really flattered the two of them.

The county official claimed to be surnamed Lin, and he was fat and big-eared. He was quite happy, and his attitude was extremely flattering and friendly.

However, a corporal who is courteous and virtuous must ask for something.

The magistrate of a county would put down his figure like this, he must have encountered some difficult problems.

Both Yuan Yutang and the sloppy old man were clear in their hearts, and they made up their minds quietly and secretly, they must not sell themselves in a daze after eating the ecstasy soup.

After eating and drinking, Lin Xianzun ordered his servants to serve tea, and asked with a smile on his face, "May I ask where the two priests came from and where are they going?"

Yuan Yutang and Yuan Yutang looked at each other and smiled, thinking.

The slovenly old Taoist put on his clothes, bowed his hands solemnly and said, "Pimpedao, Yujizi, is the head of Zhushanzong, a subsidiary branch of the famous Sanmao School, one of the five mountains and seven schools today. , This trip outside the Great Wall has resulted in three incidents, a total of more than 30 demons and evil spirits have been exterminated, and I am going to return to the mountain gate to recuperate through the expensive land."

"My lord, you don't need to be too polite. If you encounter any difficulties, you can tell them. If you can help me, I will never refuse."

Seeing the self-proclaimed sloppy old man, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but laugh.

Getting along these few days, he has already found out the details of the sloppy old man. The so-called extermination of evil spirits has more than thirty years, but they are just wandering ghosts driven by super speed. Now that the old man is boasting, those who don't know the truth must think he did Great feat.

But the identity of Zhu Shanzong's head sounds bluffing, but in fact he is just a small little Pyle. Except for him, the only one left in the whole sect is his missing junior brother.

The fat-headed and big-eared Lin Xianzun really took the bait, and immediately left his seat to salute with great respect, and said in awe, "This county is really full of glory~"

The sloppy old Taoist is very fond of flattery, so he received a golden knife, and then he coyly said, "Oh, the poor Taoist is just an outsider, and I really can't afford the gift from the county lord, my lord." Please get up quickly, don't break the poor road."

After the two of them pretended to be in love, Lin Xianzun sighed and told the truth:

Due to the sparse population of the county and its distance from the customs, the ratio of male to female is unbalanced, so it has long been a big problem for local young and strong men to marry.

In the past, Gu County was prosperous in business, and every household had a little savings, so the long-sighted Yaren traders saw business opportunities and traveled thousands of miles to sell young women from all over the country to match the local young and strong.

About a month ago, Youya brought a group of young women to the county to sell them.

Zhang Rongsheng is a butcher in the county. Although his status is not high, he also has a lot of money.

The Zhang family has an only son named Zhang Jie, who is twenty-five years old this year. He has red lips and white teeth, and is extremely handsome. However, he is born with low intelligence and cannot take care of himself.

The villagers and neighbors in the village are all familiar with the situation of the Zhang family. Although they feel sorry for Zhang Jie, no one wants to marry their daughter to a fool and suffer hardship.

So Zhang Jie has not been able to get married so far, but the old Zhang family is very worried.

No, it's rare for someone with a tooth to bring a young woman here. In order to have someone to take care of their son in a hundred years, the two elders of the Zhang family gritted their teeth and planned to spend all their wealth and buy the smartest and most virtuous woman to be his son's wife.

It's best to spread the branches and spread the leaves, and give birth to a few more fat boys, so that the husband and wife will die in peace.

It's just that when the two elders of Zhang's family, who were full of anxiety, came to the temporary paving built by Yaren outside the city, they almost couldn't believe their eyes.

It's not that the Yaman is shoddy and brought a bunch of broken flowers and willows that no one cares about, but that the seven or eight girls who are sold this time are all peachy, slender, and have snow-like skin, so beautiful.

I don't know where Yaren abducted so many beautiful girls. Many neighbors who were planning to join in the fun were stimulated to buy, and the competition was unprecedentedly fierce.

This Coke spoiled everyone, and made a lot of money.

Seeing so many people vying to snatch it, Zhang's two elders couldn't help feeling anxious, fearing that the best girl would be snatched away, they bid without thinking, and finally bought the most beautiful girl among them at a sky-high price of ninety-seven taels.

You must know that the world is not peaceful nowadays. A catty of fine polished rice is only 20 Wen, and 1,500 Wen is exchanged for one tael of silver. Ninety-seven taels is equivalent to more than 7,000 catties of polished rice, which is enough to feed a family of several mouths for five years. more than.

This time, the Zhang family's elders can be said to have spent a lot of money.

The second elder of the Zhang family brought home the beautiful girl with low eyebrows and pleasing eyes, and the more she looked at it, the more she liked it.

Moreover, the little girl seemed to be very sensible and smart, knowing that the two elders of the Zhang family would be her in-laws in the future, she also acted positively like resigning herself to fate.

After eating, she took the initiative to help clean up the dishes and helped Mrs. Zhang mend clothes. The female red is very skilled.

The two elders of Zhang's family were so happy that they were very happy, and secretly said that they had picked up the treasure.

Although Zhang Jie is stupid, he still has basic aesthetics. Seeing his parents say that this beautiful little girl is his daughter-in-law, he was immediately overjoyed.

Seeing this, the two elders of the Zhang family couldn't help feeling very relieved. After discussing with each other, the couple decided to keep everything simple.

Zhang Rongsheng had the habit of waking up at night to relieve himself, and he got up sleepily at midnight and went to the hut.

When passing by his son's new house, he could still see bright lights in the house, accompanied by the rhythmic rocking sound of the bed. Zhang Rongsheng thought that his silly son had finally recovered, and he wondered if he would be able to hold his grandson this time next year.

But I eavesdrop on my son's wall, after all, it's easy to say nothing, if a neighbor bumps into him, it will be insulting to the family.

Coupled with the urge to urinate, Zhang Rongsheng hurriedly prepared to leave.

At this moment, he suddenly realized something was wrong.

It's strange, isn't the son in the bridal chamber? Why can he only hear the shaking of the bed, but not the movement that should be in the intercourse, and there is also a faint sound of depressing chewing.

Could it be that his stupid son thought that the bridal chamber was just eating?

Thinking of this, Zhang Rongsheng was not calm.

The succession of the family is more important than anything else, and he didn't care about his shame, so he secretly poked a hole in the paper curtain, looked down, and made up his mind that if his son didn't understand Dun Lun's affairs, he would have to come down to teach him what he said.

But he didn't want to, Zhang Rongsheng was scared out of his wits just by looking at it.

In the festive new house decorated with red mounted flowers, blood was flowing all over the floor, and the naked son was lying on the edge of the bed with his head up, his face was as pale as paper, his eyes were extremely hollow, and he was obviously dead.

Floating in a pool of blood on the ground was a lifelike shriveled human skin. Looking at that handsome face, isn't it his newlywed daughter-in-law?

The scariest thing was that there was a ghost with messy hair like a halberd and a red body lying on his son's body, eating up his internal organs. The scene was extremely shocking.

Zhang Rongsheng felt the hairs all over his body stand on end, his blood seemed to be frozen, and he uncontrollably fell to the ground.

The ghost in the room heard the sound outside, rattled and laughed a few times, and then turned into a black smoke, rolled up the human skin on the ground and broke through the window.


		