

In the evening, the sun is setting and the last ray of orange remains in the sky. There are flocks of migratory birds flying back to the south, which heralds the coming of spring.

The thatched hut of old man Wu still hangs flags and onyx.

It's just different from the crowd mourning during the day, it's extraordinarily cold now.

There were big holes in the earthen walls on both sides, half of the soap coat could be vaguely seen in the grass stalks outside, obviously no one dared to restrain the corpses of the two officials.

With thatched huts as the center, the houses in the entire village are empty.

It is the nature of mortals to seek good luck and seek refuge, so it is no wonder that the villagers are so panic-stricken.

We must know that in ancient feudal times, killing officials was tantamount to rebellion.

Yuan Yutang kicked two officials to death in full view. Isn't this a living rebel?

No one dared to have anything to do with the rebels. It was considered easy to escape from home, and there were even some cold-hearted people who were already on the way to report.

In front of the lonely thatched hut, there is a small figure that is almost shrunk into a ball, squatting on the threshold with hands folded and knees, looking at the entrance of the village in a daze, as if expecting something.

Suddenly a sound of footsteps interrupted the little man's thoughts, she raised her head in surprise, but the joy in her eyes was extinguished in the next moment, and she called Uncle Shuigen desolately.

Shuigen was carrying a burden, and behind him was a cursing village woman holding a child in one hand and holding the baby in the other.

When he came in front of Xiu Gen, Shuigen's face was complicated and tangled, he hesitated for a while before he said, "Heuuu, that person... your master will not come back, let's escape with Uncle Suigen."

Hearing this, Xiexi shook his head obstinately, and said stubbornly, "No, little brother... Master won't lie to Xiexi, he will definitely come back to pick him up!"

Shuigen sighed helplessly, he knew it would be such a result.

Hehe Although he is very well-behaved and sensible on weekdays, he has inherited the temperament of the old man Wu who admits death.

But so what?

He couldn't bear to leave Xiexi alone in the village, could he?

Even if she was not used as a scapegoat by the officials, the food shortage alone might starve her to death.

In view of this, Shuigen decided to be tough, pulled his face down and said in a deep voice, "Be good, follow uncle, uncle will not treat you badly!"

As he said that, he was about to stretch out his hand to say hello.

He shrank back, his little face was tense, his eyes were red and he choked up, "Hey, don't go away! Hey, hey, I don't have any relatives in this world... Father and mother, don't beep, now grandpa Don't beep, if Master doesn't want to beep again, then no one will really ask for beep..."

After hearing this, Shuigen froze, bitterness welled up in his heart, and he suppressed the urge to cry and said miserably, "But, there is still uncle, uncle, he will not stop 呶呶~"

Hehe still shook his head, lowered his head silently, clenched his two small pink fists tightly, a little plum blossom-like water fell on the homemade trousers on his knees, whimpered and whispered, "Hehe knows that uncle is in pain, but uncle also has family members. Yes, hey hey knows that aunt doesn't like hey hey, how can he have the heart to trouble uncle?"

At this moment, Shui Gen felt as if his heart was being clenched, and he couldn't breathe in distress.

How much he wanted to tell Beam loudly that he would definitely let her live a good life.

It's a pity that the reality is so cruel, even he himself doesn't believe these words, so how can he have the heart to deceive him?

It's all the boy's fault!

No hair on the mouth can't do things well!

If he hadn't killed those two officials impulsively, would everyone in Taohua Village have to flee their homes?

Shui Gen's heart was cut like a knife, and he fell into a dilemma.

The poor Xiexi raised his head, showing a smile that was uglier than crying, "Uncle Shuigen, you should take auntie and the others away, don't worry about Xiexi, Xiexi will take care of herself."

Xie Xie is so sensible that Shui Gen feels distressed, just when he got hotheaded and was about to take Xie Xie away desperately.

unexpected.

Pear Blossom was stunned for a moment, then jumped up happily, opened her arms, and walked with two small short steps.

Legs crying and rushed out.

"Master~~~"

Hehehe was really terrified, despite her seemingly strong appearance just now, in fact everything was just pretending.

When a sailboat sailing in a storm meets a safe harbor, you will know how rare it is.

Shui Gen turned his head to look with tears in his eyes, and saw a tired figure at the entrance of the village walking slowly from behind the afterglow.

"Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo " this is as if wanting to rub oneself small body into his body.

Yuan Yutang smiled apologetically, lightly patted Xie Xie on the back, and comforted him softly, "Don't cry, don't cry, it's Master's fault, he didn't think carefully, and he won't be frightened again in the future."

After exhausting all his strengths, he managed to make Xi Mi burst into laughter. Yuan Yutang came to Shuigen with Xi Mi in his arms, solemnly handed over a stack of bank notes, and sincerely thanked him, "Brother, thank you for your concern and care for Mi Mi, But in the future, I will be brought up by the poor Taoist. And the daytime affairs have been settled, and you don’t need to leave home to seek refuge, so don’t shirk this little care.”

Shui Gen stared blankly at the stack of bank notes worth at least two taels, and suddenly felt that his brain was not enough.

Where did this boy get the huge sum of money from?

How could he give himself a huge sum of money so lightly?

And why did he brazenly say that the matter had been resolved during the day?

Doesn't he know that killing officials is tantamount to rebellion?

Rebellion, that's right, if you catch someone who wants to behead and exterminate the nine clans! !

All the doubts that filled my heart were completely wiped out after Yuan Yutang took out a letter of guarantee that was still fresh in ink.

"Hehe, this is an adoption bond signed by the county lord himself. Does this prove that I am not lying?"

"You, how did you convince the magistrate? Could it be bribery?"

When he was a child, there was an old scholar in the village who opened a private school. Shui Gen was lucky enough to study for half a year, probably because he still had the ability to read letters.

But it was also because of this that he was even more horrified.

Look at the inscription, look at the seal, and you can clearly see that it is a genuine and unforgivable government adoption bond.

Can he really change the mind of the county lord who is known as a gluttonous glutton?

If it was a bribe, the cost would be beyond imagination.

But if it weren't for bribery, the consequences would be even more disastrous.

Inexplicably, Shui Gen had a sense of impending disaster.

Yuan Yutang seemed to see the worries in Shuigen's heart, he laughed and said, "Brother, you worry too much, Pindao didn't do anything out of the ordinary, just talked with the county lord Xiaozhi emotionally and rationally, and then he was happy signed the report."

He didn't lie, the county lord was indeed very happy when he issued the bond, and he was so happy that he almost cried.

The servants of the sixth class of the Nuoda County Yamen were all beaten to the point of broken bones, and even the history with the highest force value in the county Yamen was not an all-in-one enemy of the evil star.

Just a letter of guarantee can send this terrible plague god away, so why would he not do it?

After it was confirmed that one life could be recovered, the life and death of the two officials who went to the countryside and the silver note that was taken away by thousands of taels were not worth mentioning in the eyes of the county lord.

But in broad daylight, the county government had such a big scandal, after all, a scapegoat had to be found.

Fortunately, there is no need for the magistrate to worry, Yuan Yutang has already helped him solve the problem thoughtfully.

When the vicious couple was thrown into prison as scapegoats, everything was settled.

After listening to Yuan Yutang's calm narration, Shui Gen was stunned for a long time and couldn't recover.

In contrast, Shuigen's mother-in-law is much more witty. Before Shuigen could react, she left the child and hastily accepted Yuan Yutang's thank you gift. No matter how Shuigen scolded her later, she would rather die than put Hand over the windfall you get.

Yuan Yutang sent off the Shuigen family, who were mixed in joy and sorrow, and returned to the hut with a murmur in his arms.

The moment he closed the door, his knees gave way and he almost fell to his knees.

"Master Master, what's wrong with you?"

Heh heh the role entered quickly, the master called the thief smoothly, and supported Yuan Yutang with concern.

Yuan Yutang shook his head with a wry smile, waved his hands and said, "Master is fine, just help Master to sit down and have a rest."

Beep quickly and carefully helped him onto the bench.

Yuan Yutang drank three bowls of cold water in a row before his pale face regained some color.

If he hadn't been injured too badly, he who was stronger in his life was once weak enough to be supported by Xiexi.

This time he was injured too badly. When he fell off the cliff, he was banned because of his mana, but he was almost pierced by the sharp reef.

The Qihaiqiao acupoint is an extremely important acupoint for a warlock, how can it be good to injure such a key point?

Moreover, due to the delay for too long, half of the magic chains that had been broken free had penetrated into the body like a gangrene, and it would take more than ten times the energy to untie it again.

Today, he acted recklessly in a fit of rage, which immediately made his injuries worse.

It's all the fault of that goddamn ocean horse!

Thinking of Monica, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but grimace, and vowed in his heart that he would take revenge for this arrow after he recovered from his injury!

"Master, what's wrong with you? Did the whining make you unhappy?"

Xiexi's anxious voice brought Yuan Yutang back to reality, and immediately saw Xiexi's pitiful and aggrieved appearance, immediately suppressed the grievances in his heart, and repeatedly comforted, "No, no, Xiexi is so good, how can you make Master unhappy? "

The children's joys and sorrows came and went quickly, and soon they happily chatted and said to prepare dinner for Master.

Yuan Yutang opened his mouth, intending to dissuade him, but his own situation did not allow him to do anything else, so he could only helplessly watch as he went to work.

After sitting for a while, he inexplicably felt a flood of tiredness, and fell asleep in a daze.

After an unknown period of time, he woke up suddenly, only to see that the room was pitch black, as if it was completely dark.

Just as he got up and was about to look for Xie Mi, unexpectedly, out of the corner of his eye, he suddenly saw a figure appearing at the door.


		