

"You want to ask for the blood of the ginseng boy?"

In a Nuo Dami room, Tantai Le was standing in front of Shen Tujie with a worried expression on his face, and replied dully, "That's right, Jianshou, that kid Zhou An is extremely talented, if you can help him reshape his tendons, some Everyone can guarantee that he will definitely have a place among the rising stars who will dominate in the next ten years."

Shentujie didn't answer immediately, but just stared at Tantaile fixedly, until he felt weak all over.

Tan Taile sighed and said, "A certain family is also aware of the abruptness. Shen Tongzi is related to your seventh crossing of swordshou. You shouldn't have made such embarrassing requests at such a critical juncture, but..." He gritted his teeth unwillingly , and continued, "...It's just that if you just watch Zhou An fall, maybe a hundred years later, a certain family will have no face to face their ancestors~"

"Oh~"

Shen Tujie sighed faintly, got up and came to Tantai Le, patted the old man on the shoulder, and said solemnly, "This seat is not a selfish person, you should be very clear about this, so it's not that this seat doesn't want to sell the old man. The boy treated Zhou An's wounds, but he was afraid of being mistaken for his kindness."

Tan Taile was stunned for a moment, and asked suspiciously, "Misunderstanding your kindness? How could you misunderstand your kindness? In order to save his friend from the same school, that child Zhou An would not hesitate to commit the following crimes and kill Lin Moran, a warlock with a mortal body. It proves that his heart is Chicheng, as long as he cultivates it well, he will definitely become my Qingtian Peak's Dinghai Shenzhen in the future..."

Shen Tujie said slowly, "Just follow me."

As he spoke, he went out first.

Seeing this, Tan Taile hurriedly followed.

The two came to the most heavily guarded Zhenbao Pavilion in the sect except the Prisoner's Nest.

As the name suggests, the Zhenbao Pavilion has three floors, and it houses all kinds of rare treasures collected by Qingtian Peak for thousands of years. If you dare to approach rashly without orders, the guards and swordsmen who don't recognize you can kill them on the spot and die. It is also dead in vain.

Of course, Shen Tujie, who is the head of the contemporary swordsman, and Tantai Le, the head of the Discipline Hall, are both people with their own authority. When the swordsman sees them, he treats them as air and allows them to come in and out freely.

Some people may wonder here, what if there are unscrupulous people who are proficient in the art of transformation and pretend to be identities?

Don't be naive.

Of course, it is impossible to leave such an obvious loophole in such a treasure land.

Appearance can be disguised, but the aura of the primordial spirit can never be disguised. Except for Yuan Yutang's perverted supernatural powers, he can't hide from the unique detection function of the defensive circle at all.


Shen Tujie led Tantai Le and did not go up the stairs, but walked down the stairs.

I saw Shen Tujie standing proudly in the narrow space behind the stairs, suddenly ten criss-crossing light curtains appeared out of thin air, sweeping towards him layer by layer.

After a while, the ten light curtains disappeared together, and then a black hole suddenly burst open in the tight underground.

Shen Tujie plunged into the black hole calmly, followed by Tantai Le.

The next moment, the two of Shen Tujie appeared in an incomparably magical chaotic space, and a few strange things were scattered and floating in the chaos like this, breathing out the super energy contained in the chaos as if they were alive.

This is the core treasure place of Zhenbao Pavilion, and no more than ten people in Qingtian Peak of Nuoda know of its existence.

Tan Taile naturally has the right to know, but he is a little confused why Shentu Jie brought him here on purpose.

Shen Tujie didn't explain, but with a thought, an ancient bronze mirror flew towards him with lightning among the strange things that were 'swimming' in the chaos.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Just take a look." Shentu Jie made a move, and images began to appear in the bronze mirror, and then he stopped talking.

This is Baili Yinghua's vow to frankly promise to Monica that she can reshape time and see through the secrets of heaven, the most precious artifact, the Xuanguang Huixing Mirror.

Such heavy treasures are powerful, but the cost of using them is extremely serious, so they cannot be used easily.

Without saying a word, Shen Tujie used the Xuanguang retrospective mirror. Tantai Le, who knew the inside story, instinctively felt that the matter seemed a bit complicated, so he suppressed his doubts and began to watch the picture patiently.

The picture in the bronze mirror is like a high-definition camera, and the lens is firmly locked on Zhou An, who is the incarnation of Yuan Yutang.

From the beginning of his introduction, every detail of his life is shown.

Looking at Yuan Yutang's mischievous, lazy and slack, and all kinds of embarrassing things about fighting wits and courage with Sun Yi, the majestic Tantai Le couldn't help but feel amused.

The painting flashed frame by frame until Yuan Yutang mistakenly hit and stumbled into the Shura Garden inside the Prisoner's Cave.

"Hey, why is it gone?"

After the broadcast ended, Tantai asked happily.

Shen Tujie said in a deep voice, "I think you've lost your head because of Aiwujiwu, don't you see anything unusual in the flashback picture?"

Tantai Le recalled it carefully after hearing the words, and suddenly exclaimed, "Almost all the pictures are daytime, and there is no night picture at all?"

Shen Tujie nodded heavily, suddenly showing a trace of fatigue, waved his hand to let the Xuanguang backtracking mirror go away, and then said, "In the three realms and six realms, there are only a few people or things that can deceive the Xuanguang backtracking realm, and they can do so with such painstaking efforts. Infiltrating Qingtian Peak must be a big conspiracy."

It's all about this, Tantai Le still doesn't understand why, his anger rises like he can't control it, it's useless for him to love Yuan Yutang so much, he didn't expect this kid to be a traitor, and he was uneasy when he joined Qingtian Peak kindness!

When he thought of being kept in the dark like a fool, the murderous aura in his heart couldn't stop churning.

Seeing that Tantai Le had a faint tendency to go berserk, Shen Tujie snorted lightly.

Its sound is like a sword, and it cuts straight at the demons. This is the embodiment of the strength of the world's number one sword.

The inner demon was killed, and the furious Tantai Le regained consciousness immediately, and sighed desolately, "A certain family was careless, and almost led wolves into the house. Please punish the sword leader."

Shen Tujie chuckled and shook his head, "It is said that those who do not know are not guilty. You just want to find talents for the sect, so why should you be guilty?"

"But..." Tan Taile snorted despondently, "But in the end, a certain family didn't know anyone well, and was deceived by that bastard without realizing it. Please give Jianshou a chance to let a certain family punish that slanderous person." Evil Liao, then commit suicide and apologize!"

"Don't act recklessly, let alone kill yourself lightly!" Shen Tujie said with a slightly more serious tone, "Besides, the situation is unclear now, and I am not sure whether Zhou An has other schemes or is being used by others, so Ruomao killed him rashly." , Didn’t it block all the clues?”

Tan Taile lowered his haughty head, and asked respectfully, "What does the sword head mean?"

Shen Tujie smiled confidently, and said some arrogant words in an understatement tone:

"Of course it's a long line to catch a big fish. I plan to bestow Zhou Ancan's blood essence, and when he sees him and the people behind the scenes surface..."

"I personally cut off that dog's paw!!"


Yuan Yutang didn't even know that Qingtian Peak had the Xuanguang Retrospective Mirror, which was almost cheating against the sky, let alone the existence of it.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Dao's proud plan has been seen through by Shen Tujie, and he is still complacent.

The reason why he pretended to be dying was, of course, to swindle Shen Tongzi's information.

For some reason, he had been feeling restless since last night.

The seven senses of warlocks are far superior to ordinary people, and they can often give early warning before major changes come.

Although the warning was given on a whim, the general direction is very hazy, and it is difficult to guess whether it is a blessing or a curse. It is completely inferior to the almost incomprehensible talent of danger premonition of the martial arts master.

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to take it lightly, so he simply took a risk to see if he could arouse Tantai Le's compassion and ask him to ask Shentongzi to heal his injuries.

When he knew that Tantai Le followed Elder Lanyue's advice and left in a hurry, he almost jumped out of bed happily.

If it wasn't for the Xuanguang Backtracking Mirror that couldn't trace back the trajectory of his actions after he regained his true self, I'm afraid he would succeed.

Not long after, Tan Taile returned to the second-floor attic of Yuechi.

Stand outside the door to calm down, and then rush in pretending to be ecstatic.

Baili Yinghua, who was waiting anxiously, was still in the dark. When she saw the look on her teacher's face, she was overjoyed and hurried up to ask, "Master, did Jianshou agree to use Shen's blood to heal Junior Brother Zhou An's injury?"

Tantai Le smiled unnaturally and said, "Fortunately, I finally convinced Jianshou."

"Look, what is this?"

As he said that, he conjured a small porcelain bottle from the palm of his hand, and when he opened it, a strong scent of fragrant fragrance filled the room, smelling it refreshing.

Elder Lanyue was also quite surprised, snatched the small porcelain bottle containing the dark red liquid, took a deep breath, and murmured obsessively, "The taste is strong and sweet, lingering, that's right, that's right, This is exactly a drop of blood essence from the boy of Yibaoshen."

"Since it is confirmed, there is no need to delay the matter, please Elder Lan Yue quickly treat Junior Brother Zhou An!" Baili Yinghua urged repeatedly.

The excited Elder Lanyue nodded, and hurriedly took the small porcelain bottle to the ward.

Tan Taile looked at the closed ward, behind his forced smile was a terrifying and murderous aura.

After a while, Elder Lanyue announced that Yuan Yutang was out of danger, but he was still weak and not fit to visit him, so he drove out Tantaiyue and his disciples.

"Yinghua, I still have some urgent matters to deal with as a teacher. I will trouble you to take care of my junior brother these days."

As soon as Tan Taile came out, he left in a hurry, otherwise he was really afraid that he couldn't help but turn around and kill the hateful Yuan Yutang.

Baili Yinghua believed it was true, and quickly agreed.

Back at his residence, Baili Yinghua suddenly met an unexpected person waiting for him at the door.

"Mr. Baili, I want to go down the mountain to familiarize myself with the environment, is that okay?" Scott asked in his half-familiar Daxia Mandarin.

Since Baili Yinghua met them, Scott has been reclusive, keeping a low profile like a transparent person.

Knowing that their mission was heavy, Baili Yinghua agreed without thinking too much, and asked intimately if she needed to send a guide.

Scott declined Baili Yinghua's kindness and immediately set off down the mountain.

When Scott walked out of the mountaintop area, his handsome face was shrouded in awe-inspiring evil spirit, and he said with a smirk:

"Jie Jie Jie, is this the Middle-Earth China? Great, I want to build my own country here, a terrifying country full of chaos and evil, Jie Jie Jie~"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		