

The so-called one step at a time, one step at a time, one new life.

Why do the elders always teach the younger generation to be down-to-earth? The purpose is to build a solid foundation. Only when the foundation is stable can there be greater development.

The same is true for being a human being and becoming an immortal. If you want to move towards the extraordinary and even the highest righteous path, you must have the consciousness of living from death.

What is kan?

Hurdles can be seen everywhere in life, there are thresholds, road hurdles and so on, which are essentially interception and boundaries. The Kan hexagram in the gossip is dangerous and evil, representing disaster, and almost all bad things are in the hurdles.

Therefore, the five hurdles for human beings can be regarded as five extremely dangerous hurdles.

Going through the surge of Taoism is like being reborn and reborn.

If you can't get through, everything will stop and everything will be empty.


Having said so much in one breath, Huang Qisu seemed a little thirsty, couldn't help picking up a glass of wine to drink warm wine, and then glanced at Yuan Yutang who was deep in thought.

With a chuckle, Huang Qisu continued:

"Cultivating immortals is a matter of going against the sky. The road is full of ups and downs and hardships. In addition to competing with the sky, you also need to compete with others. But the old man wants to tell you that no matter how well you feel on the road of cultivation before No matter how thrilling it is, it can't be compared with the five hurdles of human immortals.

The Dao is fifty, the sky is fourty-nine, and people escape one of them.

This one is the chance of longevity that we have been looking for so hard. And this one, you can get a first glimpse of Ni Duan in the fairyland! "

Yuan Yutang breathed a sigh of relief, as if it was difficult to digest the shocking news brought by Huang Qili.

He had no idea that Human Wonderland had so many insider secrets.

After all, he still suffers from the lack of a teacher. The secret policy of the declining Jingshan sect has no record of a word about the human fairyland. Maybe it was there before, but after the catastrophe, it has disappeared since its prosperity and decline.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but bowed to Huang Qisu with gratitude, and sincerely thanked, "Thank you, Mr. Huang, for telling Pindao such a precious secret."

Huang Qisu received this bow in a dignified manner, and immediately laughed loudly, "You don't need to be too polite, Daoist Yuan, just as you said just now, our two families have a deep friendship and should be mutually beneficial, and I don't want to see you because I don't know the danger But hastily breaking through the border cost his life.”

Yuan Yutang's expression was shocked when he heard the words, and he hurriedly asked, "Could it be that there is a great danger in breaking the boundary? Please explain, sir!"

"Be safe and don't be impatient." The old god Huang Qisu said on the ground, "I can talk, I will definitely talk endlessly, but some things are told to you too early, but it is not beautiful, so please forgive me."

Yuan Yutang said calmly, "It doesn't matter, sir, just choose what you can say."

Huang Qisu nodded in relief, and continued, "The Human Immortal Realm is the first watershed in the barrier between humans and immortals. If you want to step into the ranks of immortals, you will definitely be accompanied by great danger.

I told you just now that there are five hurdles for human beings, the first to cross the gate of hell.

So the first hurdle for being a human being is to see how you can pass the gate of hell smoothly. "

Yuan Yutang suppressed his excitement, and humbly asked, "May I ask you, sir, what is the gate of hell?"

Huang Qisu caressed his long beard lightly, his slender phoenix eyes seemed out of focus, and said in an ethereal tone, "Humans, immortals and ghosts seem to be inseparable from each other, but in fact there is a great bond between them. You don't need to delve into this for the time being. The realm has reached. Naturally, it can be saved.

A simple explanation is that if a person wants to break through to immortality, he must pass through the road of the dead as a living person, and the gate of hell is the first test. "

Yuan Yutang suddenly showed an expression of enlightenment, and fell into deep thought.

Huang Qisu cheerfully helped him add warm wine, and he was able to persuade Yuan Yutang to agree to help, the most important thing was already on his mind, so he was in a good mood.

After almost three

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

At one hour, the sky was almost dawn, and Yuan Yutang woke up from his contemplation.

"Ah, sorry, I didn't notice it for a while, fell into obsession, and neglected sir."

Yuan Yutang sincerely apologized.

If he still had grievances before, it disappeared after Huang Qisu told the secret of the five hurdles of the immortal. At this time, he is only full of gratitude to Huang Qisu.

Although he has the "Secret Technique of Tiangang" by his side, he has naturally achieved the two realms of monk and real person.

But if the Human Immortal Realm is as complicated and dangerous as Huang Qisu said, even if he has the "Tiangang Secret Technique" to cover the bottom line, he can't guarantee that there is no risk at all.

If at that time, he was ignorant and ignorant of breaking the situation, the ending would definitely be close to death.

It is no exaggeration to say that if the secrets that Huang Qisu said tonight were leaked out, it would be enough to cause a bloodbath in the entire world of cultivating immortals.

And such valuable knowledge is actually just an addition to the agreed deal, which shows the depth of Huang Qisu's sincerity.

"Hehe, Taoist priest, don't be polite. Looking at the Taoist priest's expression, you must have some insights. He really deserves to be a famous genius in the Northeast." Huang Qisu flattered him without showing any trace.

Seeing that the sky was already pale, Huang Qisu took the initiative to say goodbye, "Yuan Daochang, for tonight's appointment, I will try my best to make proper arrangements, and I will never let you take any risks. I will notify you when the time is right, and please take care of yourself! "

Yuan Yutang got up and sent the Prime Minister to see him off, "In this way, the poor will wait for the good news."

Suddenly, the invisible barrier seemed to be shattered, and the wind and snow isolated from it quickly invaded the barren hills. Huang Qisu disappeared into the wind and snow together with the table as if he had evaporated from the world.


Back at the inn, Yuan Yutang lost all sleepiness, took out his long-lost hand-rolled cigarette, and began to puff.

Before he knew it, a cigarette was burned out, but Yuan Yutang acted as if he had never heard of it, and the whole portrait merged with the surrounding environment.

The mind is like leaving the body, and the soul rises endlessly until it comes to the vast space and overlooks the world from a height.

This feeling was something he had never encountered before. It was different from the legendary out-of-body experience, but a more mysterious experience.

Yuan Yutang was ignorant, and there seemed to be a gleam of clarity in his heart.

He instinctively began to think about what it means to be human.

Human beings are conceived from the mother's womb, the sky produces its essence, and the earth produces its shape, and together they become human beings.

The shape of a husband is the giving of life, the energy is the filling of life, and the spirit is the control of life.

When the three are combined into one, it becomes the spirit of human beings.

Humans eat whole grains, and immortals eat morning mist and sunset glow. The two seem far away, but they are actually connected by an invisible thread.

At a certain moment, he seemed to be very close to that invisible line, as if he could touch it.

"Giggle~"

A loud cock crow broke the silence and ushered in the dawn.

Yuan Yutang's empty eyes gradually became brighter.

It's a pity that he didn't grasp the thread of fate in this rare and mysterious experience.

It's just that he didn't care.

People value self-knowledge, just as Huang Qisu said, with his current state of Taoism, knowing too much is not beautiful.

So, just go with the flow!


Taiping Port, the largest coastal port on Lingnan Road, thousands of miles away from Taizhou.

Taiping Port is not only the largest port in Lingnan Road, but also the largest port in the whole country. Its daily throughput is astonishing. There are thousands of sails racing at the pier. At a glance, there is no end in sight. It is indeed a strange scenery.

The prosperity of the world is for profit, and the chaos of the world is for profit.

This hero

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The super wharf that overshadowed the world was not only a cornucopia of wealth, but also a condensed version of the society at that time.

The shore is overcrowded, and some foreign merchants come from thousands of miles away, trying to get rich overnight; there are also honest and honest porters who make a living as coolies;

Near noon, a dilapidated Galen treasure ship slowly sailed into the port without causing any waves.

The arrogant official of the sailing department was not surprised, and lazily boarded the ship to prepare for a routine blackmail. The local snake not far away also set his sights on this new fat sheep.

This scene is happening all the time, and the vendors and workers living on the dock are numbly indifferent and sneer in their hearts.

Another foreigner who didn't know how to live or die.

Thinking that the big summer is full of gold, I ventured across the sea with some enthusiasm

Little do they know that the level of ship officials alone is enough to kill more than 50% of the ignorant people.

If you want to come to Daxia to make a fortune, you must first be mentally prepared to cut your flesh.

You must know that the national gate of Daxia is not something that cats and dogs can easily set foot in.

Just when the good people were preparing to expect the good show to be staged, they never expected that the next thing would usher in a dramatic development.

"Oh~"

The greedy officials performed a trapeze on the spot, and were thrown off the deck dancing and dancing. They fell heavily on the bluestone brick floor of the pier, and lost their breath in an instant.

This scene surprised everyone who noticed Galen's ship.

How dare you!

Newcomer, dare to violently resist without any foundation?

Could it be that the Governor's most important means of earning money, the Shipping Department, is a waste of money?

Sure enough, the officials who fell to their death were like piercing a hornet's nest, and the wharf exploded instantly.

A team of elite ship gunners rushed to help with light Fran cannons, and surrounded the dilapidated Galen ship in an instant.

The leader of the capital, the Commander, sat high on the open carriage with a tall canopy, with a cruel smile on his mouth.

It's been a long time since I met such a reckless foreign visitor. It just so happens that some fat sheep are not very obedient recently, and it's the right time to use them to scare chickens and monkeys!

Just when the commander of the capital was about to order a strong attack, a commotion broke out in the crowd of onlookers.

"Look, there are immortals flying with swords in the sky!"

The commander of the capital was shocked when he heard the words, and hurriedly looked, and sure enough, he saw a figure in white clothes flying with a sword flying over the Galen ship.

In an instant, the commanders felt as if they had fallen into an ice cave, full of misery.

It's over, it's over, if you provoke someone from the Xian family, where can he have good fruit to eat?

This turmoil ended with a very dramatic ending, and people of all ranks living on the wharf had a new topic of conversation after dinner.

Three days later, on a carriage leading to Yunshu Road, Baili Yinghua apologized helplessly to Monica, who seemed to be smiling but not smiling, "It is my Great Xia Kingdom who is so incapable of discipline that it allows low-level officials to wantonly extort money from foreigners." Merchant, let the lady laugh."

Monica smiled at Bai Huasheng, and said softly, "Sir, you are serious. Such misdeeds are endless, and they are not unique to your country, so there is no need to apologize."

Baili Yinghua seemed to be shaken by Monica's inadvertently revealing peerless amorous feelings, and said with a warm smile, "That's good, please wait a while, miss, and when I get to the teacher's gate, I will arrange people to investigate your News about Jiao Chongbao."

After Monica thanked her solemnly, she leaned against the window and watched the exotic scenery fly by outside, and a star gradually became hot.

I will definitely find the cross of light and wash away the shame of the family for more than three hundred years! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		