

Great achievements in boxing are certainly worthy of celebration, but Yuan Yutang knows that the trouble has not been resolved.

But all monsters that can transform are not so easy to kill.

"Roar!"

"Hiss~"

"Woooo!!"

Three creepy roars came from three places.

A three-foot-tall black-haired giant ape overturned the house, beating its chest and roaring.

A giant python as thick as a bucket and ten feet long emerged from the ground, circling and hissing in a low voice.

A whole red salamander rushed from the end of the street like a carriage galloping, menacing.

After the confrontation just now, the three monsters at the peak knew that Yuan Yutang was not easy to deal with, so they didn't dare to hold back any more.

Yuan Yutang has no fear of this, and he can take this opportunity to verify the shortcomings of his boxing techniques.

A fierce battle is about to break out.


In the inn separated by the Sumeru World Talisman, the battle between Monica and the dog monster did not end within ten strokes as she said.

The strength of the dog demon is beyond Monica's imagination.

Monica made the mistake of empiricism, thinking that the dog monster is similar to the dark werewolves she slaughtered in the Western Continent like cutting melons and vegetables.

Although the two are close relatives, their strengths are vastly different.

This is a monster dog that is close to the peak of the monster world. Not only is it physically strong, but it also has supernatural powers of water and fire. Monica was quite embarrassed when he was caught off guard.

"Wang~"

After a heart-piercing roar, the demon dog rushed towards Monica like crazy.

Holding a two-handed sword, Monica leaped away, and the heavy vegetable cutting table behind her suffered a catastrophe.

Boom~

The heavy vegetable cutting table was suddenly knocked four by the dog demon.

In the splashing sawdust, the dog demon seemed to see a flash of cold light coming, and suddenly the male dog's waist suddenly exerted force, and rolled a few steps away.

choke!

The counterattack that Monica had been looking for for a long time was just dodged by the dog demon.

But she wasn't discouraged either, she let go of the hilt of the sword with her white jade-like left hand, made a strange mark, and pushed it silently across the air to the dog monster who was still rolling around.

"Shadow Binding!"

Suddenly, the surrounding darkness seemed to explode in an instant, and countless shadow tentacles struck from invisible corners at high speed, binding the dog monster tightly in the blink of an eye.

Taking advantage of this golden opportunity, Monica flicked her wrist, and immediately drew out the big sword that had been cut into the ground by nearly half an inch, and slashed at the dog demon in a circle.

In a hurry, the dog demon couldn't break free from the shackles of the weird shadow. A pair of fierce eyes flashed across the violent expression, the ferocious dog's head suddenly puffed up its cheeks, and the next second it opened its mouth, and a piercing pillar of fire spewed out quickly.

Now, how could Monica not be wary of the dog monster's flame supernatural powers, her figure as light as a lotus shadow under the moon stopped for a moment, and the surprisingly heavy two-handed sword in her hand was swung into a shield by her like nothing, Airtightly blocked the incoming flames.

Boom~

Blocked by the great sword, the extremely hot pillar of fire exploded suddenly, and countless sparks jumped wildly, like a cluster of blooming fireworks.

Monica didn't wait for the sparks to dissipate, and accelerated her sprint again, raising the sword with both hands quickly, and slashing down heavily after raising it above her head.

After finally trapping the dog demon, how could she let go of this good opportunity to wipe out the enemy.

The lingering gusts of wind came rushing in, and the spirits of the bound dog monsters all sprang up, screaming and rolling wildly.

The seemingly fragile shadow tentacles on his body are actually stronger than iron chains, no matter how hard it struggles, it just can't break free.

In desperation, the dog demon could only choose to fight to the death.

Its face was hardened, and the sharp claws that could only move in a small range suddenly scratched the flesh on both sides of the crotch. The blood that flowed out did not splatter, but condensed into a blood-colored dagger strangely, circling around quickly and soundlessly. Turned around and went straight to Monica's vest.

This is a typical burn-and-burn style of play.

If you don't make me feel better, let's die together!

The dog demon thinks so.

It's a pity that things backfired. I don't know if it was Monica who had been paying attention early or deliberately exposed the flaws. Before the bloody dagger could penetrate, a gorgeous white light burst out, instantly forming a thick shield with a simple family crest.

"Holy guardian giant.

shield! "

In a soft murmur, the bloody dagger that was sneaking in was shattered, and at the same time, the blade that was radiating cold light also fell down suddenly.

Click!

Amidst the crisp cutting sound, the dog demon's death-defying head rolled to the remnant of the stove with a large cluster of blood splattered randomly, and the fierce eyes that were about to fall out of the eye sockets stared at Monica, as if intending to remember her In the next life, I will take revenge and revenge.

After finally killing the dog demon, Monica slumped down exhaustedly, panting fiercely while holding the big sword in both hands.

"...Is this the Shenzhou Daxia known as the restricted area of ​​the alien gods? It's really scary. A random dark creature is as powerful as a chieftain of the werewolf tribe..." Monica sighed with a wry smile.

Standing up reluctantly with a big sword in hand, she couldn't wait to go to the rescue as she worried about the safety of Yuan Yutang and the others.

When she just stepped out of the kitchen, a thunder exploded in the sky.

Subconsciously looked, suddenly dumbfounded.

Because in the unattainable night sky, there is a figure as small as a soybean, which is fighting to the death with a huge monster the size of a mountain, hiding in the clouds.


"Hahaha, is this the strength of the so-called Qingtian Peak's contemporary senior brother? I am so disappointed!"

Maharaja Shanze, who was hiding in the clouds, laughed wildly, and a huge black shadow like a pillar of heaven tore through the dark clouds, sweeping across like mountains and seas.

Baili Yinghua frowned slightly at Baili Yinghua who had fought a blow just now, and with his backhand, a mountain-sized awe-inspiring sword energy blasted at the attacking giant tail, and said coldly, "Noisy!"

Boom~Long~

As if it was the end of the day, the sky with a radius of ten miles was severely torn apart, which was truly shocking to the world.

It seems that the two are evenly divided, but if you observe carefully, you will find that Baili Yinghua's aura is messy, no longer calm and calm at the beginning.

"Hahaha, kid, are you already at the end of your game? That's right, it's pretty amazing that a mere 'Ghost Gate' can fight me up to now. "Shanze Maharaja sneered coldly, "If you only have this level, then you should be mentally prepared to die!" "

"Xun Fengji, wind and thunder rise!"

All of a sudden, the storm blew up, thunderbolts raged, and the terrifying coercion came overwhelming. @*~~

Baili Yinghua, who was the first to bear the brunt, looked solemn, and the flying sword she was stepping on turned into a stream of light and returned to her palm, and her whole body was suspended in the air.

He knew that Lord Shanze's move was extremely terrifying. If he couldn't stop it, the lives of the kidnapped juniors and innocent passengers would be in danger.

Fight!

Gritting his teeth fiercely, Baili Yinghua's aura was fully unleashed, holding the sword and pointing at the sky, endless sword energy was blown out and disillusioned around him, body and sword, human and heart, like a peerless magic weapon out of its sheath.

"Sword twenty-eight, fire lin tearing the sky!"

Suddenly, the surrounding sword energy suddenly became violent, and quickly formed a majestic, huge unicorn surrounded by fire, and rushed towards the incoming wind and thunder with its teeth and claws.

Boom, boom, boom~

Horrific collision sounds continuously exploded high in the sky, the brilliant light lit up the night, the ground below trembled, the houses collapsed, and it was like a scene of a natural disaster.

Yuan Yutang, who was fighting the three monsters fiercely, was shocked in vain, fought back the three monsters with all his strength, looked up suddenly, and saw that the night sky was burning red, and there was a huge crack across the dome, and the scene inside was still bright. starry sky.

This kind of spectacle similar to Tianwaitian made Yuan Yutang instantly understand that the battle between the two guys in the sky was so terrifying that even the illusion couldn't hold it, and a corner was forcibly torn apart.

Before he finished marveling, he saw a figure wrapped in flames, falling rapidly like a meteor falling.

Boom!

There was a huge earthquake on the ground, centering on the point where the figure fell, all the houses in the square were destroyed, and the vibration was so violent that even Yuan Yutang almost fell to the ground.

The winner is about to be decided, Shanze Dajun bravely defeated the opponent, and the three monsters who were suppressed by Yuan Yutang couldn't help being encouraged, screaming and making a comeback.

Yuan Yutang saw clearly just now, the one shot down just now was clearly Baili Yinghua!

Even Baili Yinghua was defeated, who else could stand against the terrifying Shanze Dajun?

Anxious in his heart, instead of finding his place, one side's morale was high, while the other's anxiety was burning. Under the ebb and flow, Yuan Yutang gradually.

Falling into a disadvantage still does not know it.


"Woo~"

Baili Yinghua was disheartened and sat up from the ruins, enduring the severe pain like falling apart.

Since his debut, it was the first time that he lost so thoroughly.

In the past, the praise of genius that followed for a long time is a joke in the face of absolute power.

Some people never recover from a setback.

Some people will know their shame and then be brave and work hard.

Obviously Baili Yinghua belongs to the latter.

This straightforward fiasco did not shake his sword heart, on the contrary, he had a great awareness of breaking through and then standing up. The big hurdle of "Huangquan Road", which he had been struggling for before, seemed to be able to take a foot at any time.

Of course, how to break through is a matter for the future, and the most urgent thing at present is to consider how to survive.

Gently wiping away the blood on her lips, Baili Yinghua tremblingly picked up the natal flying sword that had been severely injured and almost lost her spirituality.

A gust of wind could blow him down, but stubbornly exhausted all his strength and raised his sword to point at Lord Shanze behind the dark clouds.

This is the basic quality of a sword repairer, and it is also the final bottom line.

If he loses the courage to raise his sword against a strong enemy, then he will never make an inch of progress in this life.

"Hahaha, you really have the guts. You are worthy of the little monsters taught by those old monsters in Qingtian Peak. You just want it!" Shanze Dajun let out a deafening laugh and taunted.

Suddenly, two bloody eyes that were as big as a house glowed fiercely, and they roared in a low voice, "But, you don't have the capital to use your sword anymore, so give me..."

"die!"

The last word weighed as much as a thousand weights, and it hit Baili Yinghua Divine Platform Consciousness Sea directly, and suddenly felt dizzy.

When he regained consciousness, he saw a huge tiger claw whizzing and slapping towards it. @*~~

Baili Yinghua smiled bitterly inwardly, and immediately screened away distracting thoughts, exhausted her last strength, stabbed softly with the last sword, and muttered weakly like a mosquito, "Qingtian Peak... contemporary big brother... Baili Yinghua... Fight to the death...don't retreat!!!"

"Hahaha!"

It seems that all monsters have the same inferiority, that is, they like to appreciate the dying struggle of their prey, even the otherworldly senior demon Shan Ze Dajun is no exception, his bloody eyes are full of playful evil.

Seeing that Baili Yinghua was about to be photographed as minced meat.

All of a sudden, a majestic figure shot from the crack in the illusion at a very high speed, and in an instant it was in front of Maharaja Shanze, and punched out with a shocking punch.

"Tiger demon, give me back the lives of thousands of women and children in Tushan!".


		