

Yuan Yutang stood in the middle of the bustling crowd, but the hustle and bustle around him receded quickly.

He was staring at Bao Inquiring, and Bao Inquiring was also looking at him with a smile.

In an instant, he understood.

It's not accidental that Bao Diaoqiao appeared here, but came here specially for him.

"Young master, it's our turn~"

Lan Xi beside him was like a cheerful little sparrow, pulling Yuan Yutang to chirp and laugh, interrupting the special artistic conception.

Bao Wenwen smiled meaningfully, and did not recognize Yuan Yutang immediately.

Yuan Yutang immediately understood that it was not appropriate to discuss the matter in public, so he simply let Lan Xi have a good time.

When Chen Changsheng saw Yuan Yutang's strange expression, he immediately thought about it.

The childlike Lanxi was very happy, a firm game of throwing pots went straight to the second watch, and when he came back to his senses, the garden party was almost over~

Holding a bunch of worthless puppets, Lan Xi stuck out her little tongue in embarrassment, secretly delighted.

It wasn't until the surrounding stalls began to close in twos and threes that Yuan Yutang ordered Chen Changsheng to bring Lan Xi back to the inn, which he still hadn't finished with.

"Be careful."

Before leaving, Chen Changsheng gave some worried instructions.

Yuan Yutang smiled gently, "Don't worry, I'll be back soon."

After finishing speaking, he strolled towards Bao inquired who was shaking the umbrella from Yiran.

"Brother, I haven't seen you for a long time. I miss you very much." Bao Wenting greeted with a smile, and then he closed the folding fan with a snap. Immediately, the servants with low eyebrows and pleasing eyes brought tables, stools, wine and vegetables, and the table was set up in the blink of an eye. A sumptuous feast.

"When you meet an old friend in a foreign country, you should understand it. Please serve!"

Bao inquired about the elegant invitation.

Yuan Yutang was not too polite, Dama Jindao sat on the seat, and before Bao asked for orders, he buried his head in eating and drinking.

Bao asked with a smile and said nothing, and diligently added wine and vegetables.

After drinking for three rounds, the food and wine are full, the polite greetings are over, and it's time to get down to business.

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and said indifferently, "Brother Bao, you did my little brother a great favor back then, and this favor has always been in my heart, so why don't you open the skylight and speak out?"

"Okay!" Bao asked cheerfully, "Speak quickly, brother, it's a must! If that's the case, then the old man can't hide it."

Pausing for a while, Bao Inquired and pondered for a while, his face turned serious, and he said solemnly, "I was entrusted by someone, and I want to discuss a deal with my brother!"

Yuan Yutang's expression changed when he heard the words, he drank the wine in his glass and asked calmly, "Oh? I wonder if anyone has a business and wants to talk to my brother?"

Bao Tianting got up and picked up the jug, and personally helped Yuan Yutang fill up the wine, lowered his voice, and said a thunderous name word by word:

"Third-head-true-jun!"

Yuan Yutang stopped suddenly, his eyes were extremely sharp.

To say that he has met the most dreaded person since his debut, the mysterious and unpredictable Zhuge Tianji is the number one, and the next is the ancient demon king Lan Kun who is sealed in his Sea of ​​Consciousness Platform.

But the third one is the three-headed true monarch who does not show the mountains and does not fall into the water, and acts both righteous and evil!

Yuan Yutang rejected these three guys from the bottom of his heart. If possible, he would never get entangled with them without getting involved with them.

However, I didn't expect that the three-headed True Monarch would come to the door now.

It's a blessing, not a curse, and it's a disaster that can't be avoided.

Now that the trouble has come, Yuan Yutang might as well listen to what the three-headed True Monarch wants.

Buying and selling, pay attention to willingness, which also means that there is room for negotiation.

If you want to buy and sell by force, it will not be Bao Inquiry who will come here on your behalf, but the three-headed true monarch Fajia will come in person.

Yuan Yutang asked solemnly, "I don't know what orders the real monarch has?"

Bao asked about the inscrutable smile, opened the fan with a swipe, and said with a leisurely smile, "Don't worry, the three-headed true monarch is not a demon heretic, and he pays attention to fairness and justice. Since he wants to do business with you, it is natural to discuss it." , absolutely no intention of persecution."

Yuan Yutang was skeptical, and continued to ask, "Little brother is stupid, please explain clearly to Brother Bao!"

Bao asked with a chuckle and said, "You're still dishonest, you little cunning, I've spent so much time explaining to you, and pretended to be confused. Well, since you want the old man to be honest, then you can do as you wish."

While staring into Yuan Yutang's eyes, he said solemnly, "The strange demon is coming soon, and the old man wants the strange treasure that will accompany the devil's fetus—Chongyang umbilical cord blood!"

After Yuan Yutang finished listening, he couldn't help showing such an expression.

Speaking of this point in time, Bao Inquiry, who represented the Three-Headed True Monarch, suddenly came here on his own initiative, and could arouse the interest of the powerful Three-headed True Monarch. Apart from strange demons, Yuan Yutang really couldn't think of a second possibility. sex.

As expected, Yuan Yutang didn't bother to pretend to be stupid, and immediately entered the negotiating role, asking a series of sharp questions.

"What is Chongyang umbilical cord blood? How do I get it? What are the consequences if I refuse? What is the reward if I succeed?"

Now that Yuan Yutang has already had a showdown, Bao Inquired has also entered the female businessman mode, with a sly gleam in his eyes, and patiently explained with a smile:

"Do things one by one, ask questions one by one, the night is long, I will try my best to answer all my doubts, and listen patiently."

"The first is Chongyang cord blood. Before explaining this doubt, I will tell you a secret story first."

Yuan Yutang frowned, not intending to listen quietly.

Bao Inquired shook his head, as if possessed by a storyteller, and began to narrate in a cadenced tone:

"It is said that strange demons are born from the resentment of the world. They are invisible and matterless, immortal and immortal. They are the natural enemies of all good things. However, where there is yin, there is yang. When yang is prosperous, yin will decline. When yin declines, yang will prosper. All things are born and restrained without exception. .”

"Just like there must be antidote herbs within half a mile of the place where poisonous snakes haunt, since strange demons are extremely yin and evil things, then at the moment of their birth, they must be accompanied by the most positive and positive.

It's just that because the strange demon is too terrifying, and because the good does not overwhelm the evil, the companion strange creature that is most yang and upright will be destroyed by the strange monster at the most vulnerable time, so few people have known this secret for thousands of years. "

Yuan Yutang interrupted suddenly, "So the most positive thing is Chongyang cord blood?"

Bao Inquired showed a childish look, nodded and smiled, "That's right, you can imagine that a little umbilical cord blood from a strange demon that represents the most yin and evil would be the most positive and righteous thing in the world?"

After a pause, Bao asked another question suddenly, "Have you ever heard of Chunyang Zhengzong?"

Yuan Yutang nodded thoughtfully and said, "The powerful sect that dominated China 1,200 years ago, all of them were so yang-zhigang's secret method of pure yang vajra that they couldn't hold their heads up for a hundred years. , the entire sect disappeared overnight...Brother Bao, you mean?"

Bao inquired with a chuckle, and revealed the answer:

"That's right, just before the establishment of Chunyang Zhengzong, a strange demon was born. A lucky shepherd boy accidentally obtained a drop of umbilical cord blood, and then an unrivaled and invincible sect was born out of nothing!!"


		