

The moonlight is like a tide, quickly swallowed by the darkness.

Under the dark night, two steeds were galloping, kicking up dust several feet high.

Through the dim starlight, it can be seen that the knights on horseback are a man and a woman, both of them looked terrified, looking back from time to time, as if there were some terrifying beasts chasing after them.

The male knight was in his early twenties, with sword eyebrows and starry eyes, red lips and white teeth, like a handsome man in troubled times who came out of a storybook.

But at this moment, his expression was anxious, his body was in a state of embarrassment, his pair of star eyes that should have been as bright as a pitch-black night were covered with bloodshot eyes, and it was obvious that he was extremely lack of rest.

He was obviously exhausted to the extreme, but he tensed up and did not dare to relax in the slightest.

Because once he relaxes, the fate waiting for him will be beyond redemption.

The female knight wears a veiled veiled hat. Although she can't see her face clearly, she can be seen from her slender figure, no matter how ugly she is.

While controlling the speed of the horse, the male knight is also distracted from taking care of his female companion. From his occasional affectionate expressions, it can be seen that this is a pair of lovers.

Why did such a pair of golden boy and jade girl flee to the end of the night?

The answer is simple.

They were hunted down!

"Wang Lang, slave, slave is dying, you go first~"

The female knight who was precariously on the horse suddenly smiled bitterly.

The male knight was immediately annoyed when he heard the words, he gritted his teeth and growled, "Sister Ling, what do you mean by saying that? We managed to overcome all difficulties and get together. Don't you understand my feelings for you?"

"If there is no you in this world, what's the point of me living alone? Why don't I go to death with you and forget about it!"

"Persevere, we will arrive at Guobei County in no time. My senior brother is there. As long as we can meet him, we will be safe and sound!!"

The female knight never doubted that Airang had deep affection for her, but it was precisely because of this that her heart was pierced.

Until now, she still stubbornly believed that it was her fault that the two of them suffered a sudden misfortune and their lives were hanging by a thread.

If her death could be exchanged for Ailang's safety, she would have killed herself long ago.

Unfortunately, her long-cherished wish is doomed to fail.

Because it is impossible for the devil hiding in the dark to let them go.

Thinking of all the misfortunes she had encountered recently, the female knight couldn't help feeling sad, crystal tears fell from the veil, fell to the ground and shattered into countless petals.

Seemingly aware of his lover's anomaly, the male knight was about to comfort him, but unexpectedly, an invisible, unexplainable, but real aura suddenly struck, enveloping them in an instant.

In the next moment, there were many changes.

I saw that within the aura, everything was sluggish, and the galloping horse seemed to be stuck in a quagmire, struggling to move forward.

The male knight's complexion changed drastically, and he made a decision in an instant. He stood up suddenly from the horse, swept away, and flew towards the panicked female knight.

Immediately, the two fell off the horse.

Before the two could stop their tumbling and stand up, a terrifying aura descended from the sky, followed by a loud bang, and the stormy wind raged and spread, blowing the two of them ten feet away like rag bags.

"Ah~" the female knight screamed, and the male knight had no choice but to grit his teeth to protect his lover Zhou Quan, and firmly protected her in his arms, even if he was scratched and dripped with blood.

When the momentum slowed down, the male knight nimbly rolled over with his lover in his arms, and immediately turned his head to look at the place where they fell off the horse.

It's okay if you don't look at it, but when you look at it, it will scare him into gasps.

The two hundred-mile horses that were purchased at a high price were nowhere to be seen. Instead, there was a deep and invisible pit, and there were blood spots and horseshoe remains on the side of the pit.

The male and female knights were terrified for a moment.

Fortunately, they hid quickly, otherwise the two horses that suffered the disaster of the fish in the pond would be their end.

Just because you can escape the first day of junior high school doesn't mean you can escape the fifteenth day.

Although the first wave of surprise attacks was over, it didn't mean they were out of danger.

The male knight is ready to protect the female knight

Behind him, staring straight ahead.

Not long after, a paper-white palm suddenly emerged from the pit, followed by the second, third, and fourth...

In just a few breaths, thousands of palms stretched out, as if a big pit connected the nether world, and countless evil spirits crawled out of the world.

Even though the female knight was so frightened that she was about to pass out, she still tremblingly persuaded, "Wang, Wang Lang, please, please leave the slave family and go away~ The slave family would rather die than put you in danger~"

"Stop it!" The male knight stopped talking with an extremely ugly face, glaring at the demon that was about to appear at the bottom of the pit with extreme resentment, and roared hysterically:

"Why? We are clearly in love with each other, so why does that monster refuse to let us go? Is it wrong to love each other sincerely? Is it true that lovers are destined not to be married? I don't accept it, even if I am going to die here today, I am determined not to step back halfway step!"

"Sister Ling, with me here, I will never allow anyone to hurt half a hair of yours!"

The more he talked, the more angry he became, the male knight roared angrily, unable to suppress the anger in his heart, he even advanced instead of retreating, and took the initiative to charge towards the big pit.

Before parting, the male knight looked back and smiled, and flicked his fingers, a beam of light shot at the sad female knight, and whispered with great attachment, "Forgive my sister Ling, forgive me for not being able to protect you, and forgive me for not being able to protect you well." I can no longer accompany you in the future!"

"Live, take my share, live well!"

"No~"

The female knight screamed heartbroken, like a cuckoo crying blood, it was too late to stop the male knight.

Haoguang hit her, as soft as a mountain wind, the next moment the female knight wailed, and a powerful force pulled her back involuntarily.

In a landscape inversion, the female knight watches desperately as Airo recedes further and further away from her until she is completely out of sight.

"Sister Ling, I hope you are in good fortune, and the Godly Armored Horse Talisman can successfully take you out of danger..."

"And now the only thing I can do for you... is delaying time!!"

Saying goodbye to his lover, the male knight who had nothing to worry about suddenly became as resolute as iron, striding wildly and sprinting forward with indomitable momentum, just like a tragic hero facing thousands of horses and horses.

On the way of the attack, the male knight rose up with a sun-like brilliance, and a three-headed and six-armed god general Dharma suddenly stood up from the middle, roaring and galloping wildly.

"Demon, you are too deceitful!"

"I, Kunlun Sect disciple Wang Chixin, will definitely make you pay the price today!"

"The sky and the earth are boundless, the universe borrows the law, the magic soldier saves the world, kill!"

While roaring, the male knight Wang Chixin seemed to become one with the mighty general, and he flew up like a rainbow, and with the momentum of Mount Tai, he swung his six-handed weapon and smashed into the big pit.

Boom~

rumbling~

Amidst the terrifying movement like a mountain shaking, a large group of exaggerated mushroom clouds that almost covered the sky rose up, and the strong wind burst, and no grass grew in the place it passed.

When the wind stopped, the rain stopped and the dust cleared, Wang Chixin's life was about to come to an end.

He was held high in the air by a human monster with a hideous face and thousands of arms growing on his back.

Unable to move, Wang Chixin moved his lips with difficulty, gnashing his teeth like a mosquito and said:

"Buddha demon...Although I am no match for you, but...my senior brother Yan Chixia will definitely avenge me!!"

The humanoid monster known as the Buddha Demon smiled ferociously, and with a movement of its densely packed arms, it immediately tore Wang Chixin into pieces.

Bathed in the scalding rain of blood, the Buddha demon smiled and ran towards the direction where the female knight disappeared.


		