

Huh~

Heavy snow fell suddenly in the dark and cramped sky, and the wind whizzed and wandered in the streets, producing mournful echoes, and a tragic and chilling aura spread throughout the city.

Yuan Yutang's fighting spirit was unprecedentedly passionate and surging, as if his blood was boiling.

Unprecedented super strength poured into the body continuously, as if instantly igniting a man's inherent warlike gene.

At this moment, he even had an illusion:

Although there are thousands of people, I will go!

"Roar!"

Yuan Yutang let out a long roar, like a tiger coming out of the gate, his fists blasted out like cannonballs, hitting four or five painted skin slaves rushing towards them.

Bang bang bang!

With a few suppressed muffled sounds, the Huapinu who was hit unexpectedly exploded abruptly, turning into fragments all over the sky.

With one blow, Yuan Yutang gained power and was relentless, like a tiger joining a flock of sheep, and continued to abuse.

Flying forward, his body was like a tiger pounced, his palms were like tiger claws, and he swept left and right with a swipe. The throats of seven or eight painting slaves along the way were torn apart, and sparks were burning on the empty wounds. After a few breaths, the Huapi Nu who got hit was burned to ashes.

The magical power of 'True Yang Splash' is simply unimaginable, and Yuan Yutang, who has a mortal body, has been endowed with extraordinary combat power. No wonder the century-old ghost Huapigui didn't dare to act rashly before the sloppy old man used 'True Yang Splash'.

Yuan Yutang rushed to his knees, and several painted skin slaves who had just been killed were knocked into the air, knocking over behind them.

Although he is fierce and unstoppable, Wu Yihua Pinu is his unstoppable enemy.

However, there are too many painted skin slaves, and the loss of more than a dozen painted skin slaves will not affect the situation of the battle at all.

As soon as a whip leg exploded the two skin slaves, a skinny figure like a skinny old man lurked in the blind spot of Yuan Yutang's perspective, and stabbed him in the crotch silently.

The bad wind suddenly picked up, making Yuan Yutang's inner thigh muscles twitch wildly.

He took a sharp breath, tensed his muscles, forcibly changed his center of gravity, lowered his body, and twisted his legs.

Click!

After a crisp sound, the thin old man's arm was instantly broken.

Yuan Yutang didn't lose momentum, he took the opportunity to hit the skinny old man in the face ferociously with a counter-elbow.

Boom!

The expressionless face of the skinny old man was smashed to pieces.

Although the crisis was resolved at the nick of time, but due to this delay, more painted skin slaves have already been killed.

Before getting up in time, Yuan Yutang felt his body stiffen suddenly, his limbs and body were imprisoned by seven or eight desperate painted skin slaves.

A skin slave in the shape of a burly man rushed towards him suddenly, tearing his cheek with both hands, and after a snort, the entire face was torn off, revealing a rotten skull with white teeth, viciously biting Yuan Yutang's neck .

Yuan Yutang's heart beat violently. It was the first time he had met this kind of real painted skin slave. Looking at those sharp white teeth, he had no doubt that once bitten firmly, half of the neck would be gnawed.

In an instant, a strong breath of death surrounded him.

With his life hanging by a thread, Yuan Yutang was unwilling to accept his fate, so he tensed his body and struggled in vain.

A huge force that surpassed ordinary people burst out suddenly, and the flames wrapped around his body exploded instantly. The Pinu who imprisoned him suddenly couldn't bear it, and was forced to let go of the restraint with a howl.

Suddenly liberated, Yuan Yutang didn't have time to think about it, and immediately faced the attacking skeleton painting slave.

Boom~

The ferocious heavy fist like a cannonball hit the skeleton painting slave. Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a stabbing pain in the bones of his fist, as if his fist had hit a diamond rock. Instead of repelling the skeleton painting slave, he was shocked back for the first time .

Bang, bang, bang!

The hard green brick floor was trampled to pieces, and Yuan Yutang retreated three steps in succession before stopping the retreat.

The flames of the skull-painted skin slave became more fierce, and then tore off the skin of his whole body, revealing a rotting skeleton body, roaring and pursuing the victory.

Yuan Yutang's face was solemn, and he subconsciously put his trembling left hand behind his back, adjusted his posture slightly, and then made a comeback again.

It was too late to say it, and Yuan Yutang fought with the skeleton painted skin slave in an instant, and the fight was indistinguishable.

Ordinary painted skin slaves have a body of skin and are afraid of being burned by Lihuo, but skeleton painted skin slaves are not. Not only is there a rotting skeleton body under the painted skin, but Lihuo, which has burned all the evil spirits, can only leave a little bit of charred black on the bones, which is really inconceivable .

"Howling~"

The skull-painted skin slave had just been punched by Yuan Yutang, and his body was skewed, but he returned to his right in an instant. After a strange howl, a ferocious and sharp head hammer smashed towards Yuan Yutang at high speed.

Yuan Yutang took a small step back, narrowly dodging the powerful head hammer, retreated with his right foot, and rushed forward with his right elbow, making a heart-piercing rattling sound, and his whole body crazily headed towards him like a raging rhinoceros. Skull painting pin slave.

The ultimate Muay Thai move - the top horn of the rhinoceros!

This type of rhinoceros top horn is really too fast, and the skeleton painted skin slave had no time to dodge, and was hit in the chest in an instant.

Click!

There was a crisp sound of bone cracking, and the burning hard sternum of the skeleton painting skin slave unexpectedly burst, and the strong force pushed his feet off the ground.

"Die to me!"

Yuan Yutang yelled violently, and leaned forward, his body tensed like a bow, and immediately exploded in vain, his whole body spinning like a spinning top, his powerful thighs split open like a giant axe, tearing through the air, piercing through the air with a knife and axe The terrifying whistling sound suddenly slashed towards the skeleton painted skin slave who was hanging in the air.

Muay Thai ultimate move - windmill ax kick!

bump! !

The domineering power poured into the skeleton painted skin slave's body, and the berserk Lihuo erupted inside, instantly igniting the skeleton painted skin slave into a torch.

Lihuo specializes in conquering the unclean things in the world, and the skeleton and painted skin slaves were burned to ashes without making a sound.

"quack……"

Even though he killed the troublesome skull-painted skin slave with thunder, Yuan Yutang felt that he couldn't take it anymore, and felt that his physical strength was empty, and he almost fell over.

"Huh? Sloppy... Where did Master go?"

Yuan Yutang, who seized the gap to regain his breath, suddenly felt inappropriate, turned around suddenly, only to find that the sloppy old man had disappeared, and his heart sank.

Could it be...

An ominous premonition welled up in his heart, and Yuan Yutang felt extremely irritable.

Could it be that the sloppy old man used him to stop Huapinu from sniping, and retreated?

Otherwise, why did the good-looking people disappear?

All of a sudden, all kinds of feelings emerged from the bottom of my heart, including the disappointment of being unbelievable, the anger of being betrayed, and the annoyance of my own recklessness.

All kinds of negative emotions, but no regrets.

Looking at the surging Huapi slaves, Yuan Yutang quickly adjusted his mentality.

Things have come to this point, it is useless to think too much.

If there is no way to retreat, then kill it to your heart's content!

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, and his aura returned to its peak again. With an indomitable and tragic attitude, he took the initiative to charge towards the eloquent Huapi slave army like a mayfly shaking a tree.


On the human ladder in the distance, the Painted Skin Ghost looked down on Yuan Yutang's desperate fight with great interest, and said with a sneer, "Hehe, ignorant child, you don't regret being betrayed, isn't this despicable human nature? "

"Struggle, resist, after you are exhausted, I will slowly concoct you, let you watch yourself being eaten by me bit by bit, hahaha..."


After half a stick of incense.

The heavy snow is flying, and everything in the world seems to be covered with a layer of silver yarn.

Under the dim moonlight, the sinful Gu County was dead silent.

"Hey..."

Yuan Yutang's consciousness was close to blurred, his body was full of scars, the snow under his feet was dotted with blood plums, the Taoism borrowed by the sloppy old man was close to withering, and the Lihuo covering his body was close to extinguishing.

With him as the center, there is a thick circle of painted skin fragments.

In a short period of time, hundreds of painted skin slaves have already been killed by him. As a mortal, his record is nothing short of astonishing.

However, when the manpower is exhausted, more than a hundred painted skin slaves are just a drop in the bucket for the thousands of painted skin slaves in the city, and he has already run out of fuel and can no longer fight.

Plop!

No matter how tenacious the will is, it will be difficult to reach the physical limit after all.

As soon as his knees softened, Yuan Yutang knelt down on the ground, his lips moved slightly, as if he wanted to say something, but unfortunately he couldn't make a sound, his shoulders shrugged slightly, as if he wanted to raise his hand, but the arm that could shake the mountain just now I can't even do such a simple action.

At this moment, he was really desperate.

The surrounded army of painted skin slaves advanced slowly, seeming to have a playful mentality, wanting to completely collapse Yuan Yutang.

Painted Skin Ghost sat high on the ladder, staring coldly at Yuan Yutang, who was powerless to make a comeback, with a cruel arc raised at the corner of his mouth.

It likes nothing more than watching its prey collapse on its own, which contributes to the pleasurable feeling of eating.

Although the sloppy old man escaped, the kid in front of him was full of energy and blood, and he must have a good taste, which could barely make up for the loss.

"Little ghost, do you have a last word to say?" Painted Skin Ghost asked, propping his chin like an emperor who ruled over the common people.

Sneering silently, Yuan Yutang swallowed a mouthful of bloody saliva, and stood up tremblingly with difficulty.

As a human being in two lives, he has never compromised with anyone or anything. Even in the face of the unstoppable army of painted skin slaves, even if he is about to fall into the mouth of ghosts, he is unwilling to kneel down and die. This is his last point of persistence.

Painted Skin Ghost seemed to be enraged by Yuan Yutang's fearless attitude, he smirked and waved his hands, "You have the guts, you dare to be so arrogant when you're about to die, I'll let you know what regret is! Little ones, catch that arrogant brat for me!" in front of!"

The Huapinu army got the order, and immediately pressed down on it.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was about to be taken down by Huapi Nu, a bold and loud laugh resounded through the world suddenly.

"Hahaha, good disciple, do you think Master abandoned you?"

"Don't panic, don't be afraid, come here as a teacher!"

Before the words fell, a blazing red light suddenly rose from the northwest corner of the city, and the rolling heat wave dispelled the severe cold and swept in in an instant.

Yuan Yutang struggled to open his swollen eyes, and saw a familiar figure in the dark night sky carrying countless gorgeous sword shadows, riding the wind, his heart relaxed inexplicably, as if a big stone had landed safely.

It turned out that he didn't abandon himself...

As the knot in his heart was untied, a relieved smile appeared on the corner of Yuan Yutang's mouth, and his body shook for a while, as if he would collapse in the wind.

The sloppy old Taoist figure descended from the sky, landed steadily beside Yuan Yutang, supported him who was on the verge of falling, and said softly, "Okay, very good, I really deserve to be the disciple I have my eyes on, and it is really extraordinary!"

"You just step back and rest, and leave it to the teacher to see how the teacher can kill that evil spirit!"


		