

Thousands of miles away from Qingtian Peak, there is an authentic sect in Tianshui Road, named Longhu Mountain.

According to legend, Longhu Mountain is the birthplace of Taoism in the world. Thousands of years ago, Zhang Tianshi, the first generation of Zhang Tianshi, made alchemy here. It is said that "the alchemy is made and the dragon and tiger appear", so the mountain got its name.

Since then, the descendants of the Celestial Master lived in Longhu Mountain.

Different from Qingtian Peak, whose main body is quite "shabby", Longhu Mountain has magnificent scenery, surrounded by mountains and rivers, like a fairyland on earth.

The turtle peak of Longhu Mountain is shrouded in clouds and mists all the year round. @·No fault first launch~~

There is a simple thatched hut on the top of the peak, in which a young Taoist priest retreats from the world.

On the third watch of the first month, the young Taoist priest closed his eyes and crossed his legs, meditating and chanting sutras.

The strange thing is that the object of the young Taoist chanting is actually a big rusty iron sword.

In the dead of night, Taoist priests are chanting scriptures with their swords, which is weird no matter how you look at it.

unexpected.

A burst of mournful cries awakened the young Taoist priest from his meditation.

Taking a closer look, he found that the source of the crying sound was the big rusty iron sword in front of him, and two lines of dark red liquid flowed shockingly from the hilt, like tears of blood.

Although there are all kinds of wonders in the world, Tie Jian weeping is really too unbelievable.

The young Taoist couldn't help being stunned by such a spectacle.

"Uncle Master, something serious has happened, all the swords in our temple are weeping and weeping, come out and have a look!"

A frizzy little Taoist boy broke into him outside the thatched hut, holding a blood-weeping magic sword in his hand, shouting in disbelief.

After hearing this, the young Taoist priest showed a thoughtful expression and looked to the west with empty eyes.

That is the direction of Qingtian Peak.

Then Xiaodaotong, who was worried about the magic sword, was about to ask the little master uncle in his mind for countermeasures, when he suddenly found that the little master uncle was crying silently.

Just as he was in shock, he heard the little master uncle say in a hoarse voice, "Go and get the cassock of the poor Taoist."

The little Daotong, who was in doubt, didn't dare to be naughty, so he hurriedly fetched the dust-covered yellow and purple cassock that his uncle had only worn once in the Imperial Conferment Ceremony.

After a while, the young Taoist priest dressed in the most solemn ritual attire, with a lotus crown on his head, a purple-yellow cassock, and yellow boots on his feet. He looked to the west with a mournful expression, and solemnly sang, "The eighty-seventh day of Longhu Mountain Candidate Zhen Yuanzi on behalf of the Celestial Master, I respectfully send... Fellow Daoist Shen Tujie to ascend~"

Before the words were finished, all the weeping blood swords in the entire Tianshui Road seemed to be pulled by invisible spider webs. No matter how the owner suppressed them, they would eventually unsheath themselves and rush out of the room, converging into a mighty river of flying swords, rolling westward.

Xiao Daotong was so shocked by this shocking scene that he was speechless.

However, this scene is not unique to Tianshuidao.

Tonight, countless sword cultivators sacrificed their swords at the same time, in order to send the world's number one swordsman to his last journey!


"Roar~"

"Howling~"

"moo~"

In an instant, Qingtian Peak seemed to be surrounded by tens of thousands of beasts, each of them roared horribly, and several terrifying auras shot up into the sky, as if the doomsday had come.

"Hahaha, Yu Ze, the sword womb of the Six Tribulations Sword Cultivator, who dares to compete with me?"

A nearly endless terrifying giant shadow tore out from the void, its breath-taking aura pulled the heaven and earth to change, thousands of mountains and ravines trembled endlessly, and appeared together with the terrifying ballads of wailing creatures, just like a world-destroying demon god.

As soon as he appeared, he pointed directly at the sword-embedded light ball that had disappeared for a while.

"Put your mother's bullshit, old man, if you dare to touch that sword fetus, I will definitely let you die without a place to bury you!"

Suddenly, a gigantic horn the size of a mountain spun out from the ground, and the iron-blooded and reckless weeping song resounded in the void, and it slammed into the terrifying giant shadow swiftly and without waves.

Being blocked for no reason, the terrifying giant figure was furious, and a loud thunderous sound erupted, causing ripples in the air like stormy waves, and roared, "Kui Niu, how dare you, a mere Four Tribulations Demon King, stop me?"

As he said that, he shot out a huge arm that was almost overwhelming, and viciously hammered at the attacking giant horn.

"Hehe, Lao Kui, the Kui Niu alone may not be enough to stop you, the Demon King, but what about me?"

Just when the terrifying giant shadow was about to collide with the giant underground horn, a sudden transmission came from the clouds.

In the unrelenting and high-spirited battle song, a huge cyan claw protruded out, rolling and swaying, igniting the air on the way down, and striking the terrifying giant shadow with sparks.

"Bi Fang, how dare you! How dare you covet what this seat likes!"

In the roar of the terrifying giant shadow, another giant arm branched out, like a giant pillar supporting the world, it unstoppably swept towards the attacking giant claws.

boom~

when!

Two domineering bangs shook the sky and the earth, and the terrifying momentum was like a hurricane of dozens of magnitudes. A huge mouth was torn open in the night sky, and the endless divine light almost flooded the sky and the earth.

The three indescribably terrifying existences fought desperately for the sword fetus, and the sky and the earth paled in an instant, and the sun and the moon dimmed.

In addition, there are still many terrifying auras that are stirring in the dark, and Qingtian Peak has become the center of the storm for a while.

Qingtian Peak, who was supposed to be the protagonist, became an irrelevant passer-by, and was not taken seriously at all, which made the disciples of Qingtian Peak who had just lost their sword heads in grief and indignation want to die.

"Qingtian Peak is the most important place, how can you allow me to wait for other kinds to mess around!"

A ray of sword light rushed towards the night, and directly took the terrifying giant shadow named Kui.

"Hmph!" Jukui snorted coldly, completely ignoring the menacing sword light, and only cared about fighting the other two existences that were slightly inferior to it, intending to suppress those two hateful obstacles in the shortest possible time. Take the legacy of the sword embryo as soon as possible for your own use.

As long as the sword embryo is in hand, it will have the confidence to attack the sixth catastrophe, and there is absolutely no room for loss. _o_m

Baili Yinghua flew across the sky with a sword in hand, like an eagle hitting the sky, her face was crazy, her eyes were red, how could she still be gentle and elegant in the past?

But he can't be blamed, after all, the sword head who treated him very well attracted evil spirits to covet him before his bones were cold, and any good man who still has half blood will definitely not be able to resist.

"Sword Twenty-Eight·Fire Lin tearing the sky!"

The combination of grief and anger made Baili Yinghua unrestrained to draw out her sword, and greeted the enemy with the strongest sword she could master so far, and unexpectedly broke through the limit and stabbed the strongest sword ever.

The berserk and disillusioned endless sword energy formed a fiery unicorn that was bigger than the mountains, with a violent breath, and rushed towards Jukui with its teeth and claws.

This trick that should not be underestimated finally moved Ju Kui a little, and he allocated a little attention to deal with Baili Yinghua.

"Hmph, how can fireflies compete with the stars?"

"Die to me!"

Suddenly, a lingering demonic wind burst out, rushing towards the blazing unicorn that was rushing towards it.

That demonic wind seemed to contain terrifying icy energy. When it came into contact with it suddenly, the flames were extinguished and the unicorn was destroyed.

"Woo!"

The indomitable Baili Yinghua seemed to have bumped into an invisible barrier, her face turned pale, and a large cluster of bloody arrows spewed out from her mouth. The natal flying sword in her hand was about to break, and she let out a mournful cry.

"presumptuous!"

"Evil heretics dare to wreak havoc on Qingtian Peak?"

"Sword Seven, Tianluo Sword Net, kill!"

Tan Taile, who had been suffering all night, finally couldn't bear it any longer, and suddenly shot up into the sky, and with a wave of his sleeve, endless sword lights suddenly appeared from his sleeve, rolled into a layer upon layer of dense sword nets, rushing unstoppably towards Jukui.

Just when Ju Kui knocked away the difficult old opponents Bi Fang and Kui Niu with a blow, he couldn't help but sneered, "Hahaha, finally there is a barely qualified sword repairer in Qingtian Peak!"

"Little ghost, looking at your aura, you must be Tantai Le, the chief of the Discipline Hall under Qingtian Peak, right?"

"I thought the second person in Qingtian Peak was so amazing, but I didn't expect that he was just a waste that even the Earth Immortal hadn't broken through in time. I'm so disappointed!"

"It's so unbearable, isn't it embarrassing the master? Forget it, let me be kind and erase the entire Qingtian Peak from the world, so that I won't lose the reputation of Qingtian Peak for thousands of years, hahaha~"

Although Ju Kui taunted wantonly in his mouth, there was always an indelible vigilance hidden in its huge lake-like eyes. After finishing his speech, he made a bold move, shattering the clouds all over the sky, and carrying a sea-like terrifying demonic aura, he slapped towards Tantai like Mount Tai. happy.

Facing the horrific slap of heaven and earth, Tantai Leyi was not afraid, her momentum was like a rainbow, and the boundless sword net seemed to be more violent.

The reason why sword repairers are called sword lunatics by colleagues all over the world is that besides being infatuated with swordsmanship, another reason is that sword repairers have repeatedly created leapfrogs to kill powerful enemies.

Incredible record.

To say that the most unpredictable thing in the world, apart from the illusory will of God, is likely to be the turn of the sword repairer to estimate the combat power.

No one knows whether the sword cultivator will suddenly increase in strength during the battle, so the comrades in the world have adopted an isolated attitude towards Qingtian Peak, not far or close.

Although Tantai Le is currently only a human immortal, there is a world of difference from the Jukui realm.

but!

The shadow of a tree, the name of a person!

Qingtian Peak has survived thousands of years of wind and rain, so it is naturally impossible to cross it with common sense.

How do you know if there is any secret method in the millennium Dazong with a profound foundation that can greatly increase one's skill in a short period of time.

Obviously his own strength is the best on the spot, as long as he repels Kui Niu and Bi Fang, the sword embryo will be safe and secure.

Ju Kui, who is cautious by nature, doesn't want to capsize in the gutter at such a time.

Therefore, the first move is to take over the strength, not only to destroy the courage of the disciples of Qingtian Peak by killing Tantai Le, the only remaining spiritual leader, but also intends to snatch the legacy of the sword fetus by surprise. Error-free update@

Killing two birds with one stone, he really is a scheming and famous demon king, and he is really good at calculating!

rumbling~

The world's most powerful confrontation suddenly erupted into a wave of turbulence, the sword light blazed wildly, and the demonic aura surged.

In the frightening remaining energy, Qingtian Peak's defensive formation could no longer bear it, and at the same time it collapsed, cutting off a small half of the mountain, like a natural disaster.

After the duel, Ju Kui, who had no plans to spare, suddenly widened his eyes, filled with shock that could not be concealed.

Tantai Le's Tianluo Sword Net exceeded its expectations...

It's not unexpectedly strong, but...too weak!

In an instant, Ju Kui's heart was filled with vigilance, and he subconsciously looked at Tantai Le, who was defeated and spitting blood.

I saw Tantai Le's beard and hair were disheveled, and his seven orifices were bleeding, but he laughed out loud as if he couldn't feel the pain at all.

"Hahaha, those who are good at calculating will always count, Mokui, you will also have a day to reap the fruits of your own, hahaha~"

In an instant, Ju Kui discovered the source of his uneasiness...

It turned out to be a person hidden behind Tantai Le...

A boy of thirteen or fourteen? ? .


		