

Who is under your feet? "

"who are you?"

When they met for the first time, Yuan Yutang and the opposite seemed to be stunned.

Zheng Liren, who just killed the corrupt officials of the county government and even set fire to him, saw Yuan Yutang's extraordinary demeanor, so he secretly raised his vigilance.

Yuan Yutang noticed that there was an inexplicable aura in Zheng Liren's group on the opposite side.

It wasn't until many years later that he realized that it was called reckless heroism.

Both parties are not ignorant people, and a little communication will clear up the previous suspicions.

"Hahaha, brother, you are late, that dog officer has already been stabbed to death by my brother!"

Although Zheng Liren didn't close his eyes all night, he was more energetic than ever, as if he could fight tigers with his bare hands.

He had never been as happy and comfortable as he is now in his life.

Mr. Liang, who intended to dig his ancestral grave, had already been slaughtered by him, and he gathered his brothers to fight all the way into the county town, and went straight to Huanglong. The greedy county dog ​​was stabbed to death by him in his sleep. Confused.

It is true that the rebellion is extremely dangerous, but he can no longer bear this useless air.

The worst result of a dead man is nothing more than losing his head in failure. Anyway, the world has forced him to die, and he will be a good man again in eighteen years at most.

Listening to Zheng Liren expressing his depression for more than 20 years like venting, Yuan Yutang's affection for him inexplicably doubled.

After thinking for a while, Yuan Yutang asked with a smile, "Brother Zheng is happy that his revenge has been avenged, but have you thought about the next step?"

Zheng Liren was taken aback when he heard the words, and replied honestly, "No, the killing of officials and uprising is just a temporary decision. In life, there are so many far-sightedness. Let's do it first!"

Yuan Yutang shook his head and said, "In this way, brother Zheng's death must not be too far away."

Zheng Liren was taken aback, and hurriedly asked humbly, "Why did you say that, brother? If you have a good plan, please come quickly. If you become a brother in the future, if you become a big success, you will definitely not owe today's friendship!"

It is rare to meet someone who suits his appetite, and it coincides with the peasant uprising, so Yuan Yutang shared some rebellious experiences he saw on the Internet in his previous life.

"First of all, it is extremely taboo for you to start out with no name. If you still want to develop and grow, it's better to have a name that is easy to understand and deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. If you really can't think of it, why don't you use this sentence "Beat the local tyrants, share field", how? "

"With a name, the next step is to win people's hearts. You are all farmers, and your basic foundation should be rooted in the countryside. Don't care about the so-called city land. You have few people now, and you are short of soldiers and food. It is recommended that you do better. After finishing this vote, I will flee far away in the mountains, and wait until I have a certain scale in the future before planning big things.”

"With the name and plan, it is time to publicize your ideas in the vast rural areas. Only when a steady stream of fresh blood joins you, can you achieve great things. Of course, I am not calling you bandits. The rebel army should have the persistence of the rebel army. , if you dare to bully the weak, I will be the first to let you off!"

"Furthermore, it's intelligence. Only with good intelligence can you have a chance to survive the encirclement by officers and soldiers. Only if you are alive can you have hope. Otherwise, you will be wiped out in one encirclement. Then you can talk about the hegemony of woolen yarn..."

"...Balaba..."

Zheng Liren and a group of friends were stunned, staring at the eloquent Yuan Yutang dumbfounded.

I have the same thought in my mind:

My mother, are we rebels or is that guy a rebel?

Who the hell is this guy? How can he start a rebellion in a logical manner, one set after another?

What about professional rebels?

As Yuan Yutang broke down the truth in simple terms, Zheng Liren and the others gradually came back to it.

After all, they are young people with a strong ability to accept. Many companions who were panicked just now became inexplicably stable, and their eyes gradually became hotter.

Living with never-ending misery, who wouldn't want to get ahead?

It's just that they didn't understand and didn't dare before, so they kept swallowing their anger.

Then Zheng Liren raised his arms and shouted, and they immediately responded.

Now that Yuan Yutang is teaching him the secret again, he is so angry that he can't wait to implement Yuan Yutang's strategy and create a world of great harmony.

"...So, if you want to achieve great things, you have to endure what ordinary people can't bear. After I finish talking, it's up to you to decide where to go."

Yuan Yutang said hi, and felt something was wrong when he stopped. Zheng Liren and the others looked at him like a monster.

Before he could ask a question, Zheng Liren came out of the crowd, solemnly bowed to the end, and said sincerely, "I am willing to serve Your Excellency as the master, please lead us to plan great things!"

Ah this?

Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded this time.

what's the situation?

I give you advice, and you force me to be the boss. There is no such thing as revenge!

The reason why warlocks drift away from the world of mortals is not that they are indifferent by nature, but because they want to avoid karma.

The karma thing is mysterious and mysterious, once it gets on it, it will be very troublesome. Under normal circumstances, no warlock is willing to ask for karma.

Especially if it is an uprising that changes the world, unless the life is tired and crooked, otherwise the cause and effect will be fatal.

Of course Yuan Yutang is also on this list, so even if he can't get used to this rotten world, he can only go with the flow instead of thinking about rebellion like other senior traversers.

It's not that I don't want to, it's just that I can't.

So he can only help Zheng Liren replace his ideals by making suggestions.

But now Zheng Liren doesn't play the cards according to the routine at all, and forcibly wants to worship his elder brother, so what's the matter?

Yuan Yutang thought for a while, and decided that thirty-six strategies would be the best strategy, and a vertical golden light disappeared in front of everyone.

Zheng Liren and the others were severely shocked again.

Have you met a fairy in the daytime?

Isn't it the legendary fate added to the body?

In an instant, Zheng Liren felt that there seemed to be more thoughts in his mind that he never dared to imagine.

Half a day later, Yuan Yutang caught up with the boat, and Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng were there, which meant that the work was done.

Especially Chen Changsheng, after seeing the blood, all the previous frizz disappeared, replaced by a calm and competent.

The boss of the boat jumped into the water and escaped, and they had to take turns to steer the boat.

The corpses and blood stains during the day had been cleaned, but the smell of blood had penetrated into the deck, Yuan Yutang decided to go to the next pier to sell the boat and rent a new one.

As for whether to compensate the ship boss?

Just kidding, he fled the battle and sold everyone, and Yuan Yutang had a bad temper if he didn't settle accounts with him.

Also compensate, want to fart!

What happened today was more or less frightening, so Yuan Yutang took good care of her in the next few days and tried her best not to let her have a psychological shadow.

Three days later, one night, in the middle of the night, thunder and lightning suddenly fell, and heavy rain fell.

The big tree to which Yuan Yutang and the others tied the boat was struck by lightning, and the turbulent undercurrent due to the rising water level of the heavy rain pushed the boat far away.

Misfortunes never come singly because the boat hit a reef, and a big hole was broken under the cabin and water entered.

When Yuan Yutang and the others woke up from their sleep, there was nothing they could do, so they could only admit that they were unlucky and it was time to go by land.

Unlike Sanshan Road, which has been drought year after year, Tianshui Road has abundant rainfall all year round, especially in February and March, when flood disasters are reported.

Yuan Yutang was worried that the Bian River would flood, so he deliberately found a cave more than ten feet above the ground to spend the night.

When the sun cleared the next day, the four of them couldn't help being frightened by what they saw.

I saw the flood under the cave, and the lush forest almost turned into a swamp country.

The situation deteriorated like this in just one night?

The power of nature is really unpredictable.

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang began to worry about the countless people in Tianshui Road.

This is a good time for spring plowing. Once the good fields where the seeds are planted are flooded, many people may starve to death this year.

Natural disasters and man-made disasters are not terrible, what is terrible is people's hearts.

Even if the imperial court allocates funds for disaster relief, the life-saving materials will inevitably be exploited layer by layer, and it is estimated that there will be no real benefits.

"Ah~" Yuan Yutang sighed in awe, he couldn't change anything except worrying.

Now he is eager to change the dynasty like never before, no matter who is the emperor, he just wants to sweep the withered Great Xia Dynasty into the dustbin of history as soon as possible.

Otherwise, the common people will never have a good life.

The western foot of Tianshan Mountain is covered with snow all the year round, it is extremely cold, and there is a lack of supplies. It is not an exaggeration to call it poor mountains and bad waters.

This place is the confidant of the Central Plains dynasties and the birthplace of the wolf clan.

The wolves are different from the nomads. They have lived in the deep mountains and old forests where the bitter cold is scarce for generations. As a result, they have to fight with the sky, beasts, and humans since birth. Over time, they have developed a bloodthirsty and warlike fighting gene.

It can be said that every werewolf is a born warrior, regardless of gender, age or age.

The Heikul Basin has become a sacred place in the hearts of most wolf tribes since eighteen years ago.

Because this is where the palace of their great emperor Taitaihachi is located.

On weekdays, the cold and empty imperial palace is seldom crowded with people. Countless high-ranking nobles from the wolf tribe gather here. It is rumored that the emperor Taitaihachi, who has been ill for a long time, rarely shows up.

The reason why the nobles are so fanciful is because of one person!

A Xia who impressed countless werewolves!

In the resplendent and resplendent hall, hundreds of sturdy wolf nobles stared unkindly at the young man from Daxia at the bottom of the steps. If it wasn't for the emperor's decree not to engage in war without authorization, some people would have been unable to bear it and wanted to fight to the death with that man. up.

Since the wolf clan started its army in the first year of Taikang, it has almost created a myth of invincibility that is invincible in every battle.

It was that hateful young man who personally shattered their pride and their mythology, how could they not be annoying?

The young man was calm and composed, as if he completely ignored the hundreds of eyes that were about to eat people, and quietly waited for the nominal co-lord of the wolf clan on the throne, His Majesty Emperor Shengwu Dade to make the final decision.

Taitaihachi looks very domineering, especially his eyes are scary.

He stared at the young man silently, and the young man met his gaze without showing any weakness.

After a while, he nodded in satisfaction.

As expected of a military genius who personally defeated Tu Shan's tribe, his reputation was not in vain.

Therefore, he said lightly.

"I read your memorial, which says that I want you to kill your father for you, help you to rise to the throne, and in return, cede Tongshan Pass as a reward..."

"Is that so, Situ Shanu, the patricide?"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 3 The Patricide is free to read.




		