

Thanks to the bright moonlight tonight, the visibility is very high.

Otherwise, even if the old man Wu painted the bamboo floats red, he might not be able to see clearly.

Seeing the bamboo floating into the water, the old man Wu was very excited, and hurriedly ran to the large fishing rod, turned the pulley and cast a long line to catch big fish.

This pulley was secretly obtained when he went to the county to serve corvee, but he didn't expect it to be very useful tonight.

As the pulley spun, the thick hemp rope was pulling rapidly.

With a quick click, the hemp rope was exhausted, and the hemp rope extending from the pulley into the water suddenly stretched straight, and the underwater part instantly tore the water surface.

A strong pulling force was transmitted out of nowhere in the water, causing the fixed large fishing rod to creak.

Fearing that the fishing rod would be pulled into the water, the old man Wu hurriedly grasped the fishing rod and leaned back, stepping on two rocks protruding from the ground with both feet as support points to compete with the huge force in the water.

This fierce movement is definitely the fish king's bait!

Old man Wu didn't do what he thought in his heart, and devoted all his mind to this disparate combat power.

After a stalemate for nearly half a stick of incense, the old man Wu clenched his teeth tightly, with bulging veins on his forehead, his body was covered in sweat, and his body was almost at an angle of one degree to the ground like a bowstring stretched to the limit.

He was almost at the point of rest, and now he was supported by a will.

Suddenly, he suddenly felt the strength in the water weaken. Can't help but be overjoyed.

Exhausting the strength of breastfeeding, the arm shakes off the ground rope, loosens it, nooses it again, and loosens it again, so as to consume the strength of the fish king repeatedly.

As an authentic waterman, he is extremely proficient in fishing.

In the past, he was apprehensive and did not dare to provoke the fish king, but now he is afraid of poverty.

Once people let go of their worries, they can often explode with unimaginable potential.

"Googoogoo~"

A loud cock crow broke the silence.

The old man Wu, who was still wrestling freely, realized that it was almost dawn.

Guessing that the fish king was at the end of his battle, the old man Wu gritted his teeth and exerted his last strength. His withered arm muscles swelled, and he raised the large fishing rod suddenly with a roar.

"what!!"

As the fishing rod was raised, the water seemed to be boiling, and the water splashed in all directions.

A huge silver-white black shadow was fished vertically from the water.

First the head, then the body, and finally the tail.

A gigantic silver fish that weighed over a thousand catties and was more than one foot long burst out of the water. Error-free update@

The old man Wu gritted his teeth and pulled the fishing rod, and with difficulty freed his arm to remove the rock support that had been prepared to fix the fishing rod.

After losing its support, the rock that was as big as a millstone crashed down, and it happened to be embedded in the end of the fishing rod.

Finally able to relax, old man Wu slumped on the ground and panted fiercely.

Until now his hands and feet are still shaking, this night has been too difficult.

But no matter how hard it is, it is worth it.

After recovering a little bit of strength, Old Man Wu couldn't wait to roll and climb to the edge of the cliff.

At this time, the rising sun broke through the clouds, emitting endless rays of light, dispelling the boundless darkness.

Under the sunlight, the giant silver fish thumping in the air shines like gems.

The old man Wu's eyes were obsessed, and he looked at the silver giant fish as if he looked at a gold mountain and a silver mine.

The ecstasy in his heart was out of control like a flood passing through, he couldn't bear it anymore, he raised his head and laughed.

"Hahahaha~"

The more he laughed, the happier he was, and the happier he was, the more he laughed. He didn't even notice that his smile was distorted quietly.

However, in the next second, everything around was rippling like a water curtain, and the dispelled darkness came back again, like the bottom of an abyss.

When all the dust settled, there were only a pair of icy eyes in the darkness and old man Wu's distorted smiling face.


Beetle is a very sensible child, knowing that it is very hard for Grandpa to go fishing every day, so she will get up early to help Grandpa prepare breakfast.

In a big family, a little girl at the age of Miao Miao would only be the treasure of the whole family, afraid of melting in her mouth, and afraid of falling when holding it in her hand.

But Xie Xi has to get up early in the morning, and cook hard on the small bench with his feet on his feet.

This is the injustice of fate.


Perhaps fate has never been fair.

After working for half a stick of incense, he happily wiped the sweat from his forehead, and finally made a hot breakfast for Grandpa.

After filling out the breakfast in the pot, Xie Xi let go of his feet and rushed to Old Man Wu's room, smiling like a silver bell while running.

"Grandfather, it's time to get up and eat~ Hey, breakfast is ready, if you don't eat it, it will be cold~"

It's just that when she pushed open the door of grandpa's room full of joy, the kind grandpa didn't come out to hug her up as usual.

The room was empty, and the quilt she folded for Grandpa yesterday was still in its original shape.

He was stunned, and muttered in frustration, "Grandpa didn't sleep at home last night?"

After speaking, he walked to the living room, sat on the chair and shook his feet, his chubby face was supported by his tender little hands, feeling inexplicably sad.

Before grandpa came back, she wouldn't steal it first.

She wants to wait for grandpa to come back and have breakfast together.

It's a pity that this wait is only two days.

Two days later, when the dark man came to Old Man Wu's house with a sad face, he found a small figure squatting on the threshold.

"Uncle Shuigen, have you seen my grandpa?" He raised his head and asked with a flat mouth.

The dark man Shui Gen opened his mouth, but he didn't have the courage to speak out the bad news that came to his mouth.

Seeing that Uncle Shuigen remained silent all this time, the light in Beam's eyes gradually dimmed.

Shui Gen's nose was sore, and he finally couldn't help but knelt down and hugged Xiemei tightly, crying loudly, "Heimei, your grandpa, your grandpa, he's gone~"

"No, gone? Grandpa is gone?" He repeated in a dazed manner, at such a young age, she didn't even know what it meant to be gone.

It's just that she feels heavy inexplicably in her heart, as if something important is leaving her invisible and will never come back.

Three days later, the simple thatched hut of Old Man Wu's family was decorated as a mourning hall.

Beep, clad in sackcloth and filial piety, kneeling on the ground with empty eyes, mechanically burning paper.

He looked back at the newly engraved spirit tablet on the table and the long dark box in front of him.

Uncle Shuigen told her that her beloved grandpa was lying in a long black box.

As for why grandpa was lying in the long black box and refused to come out to see Xi, this question had been bothering her for a few days.

In the end, she could only blame it on the fact that she made a mistake and made Grandpa angry, so Grandpa hid and refused to see her.

So she decided to be obedient and make grandpa happy, so she can see grandpa again when grandpa is happy.

So these days Uncle Shuigen asked her to do anything, and she obediently did it well.

"I am sorry for your loss. @ "

A rural woman expressed her condolences to Shui Gen, who was also dressed in mourning, and Shui Gen returned the salute with a sad face.

There is only one poor orphan girl left in the old man Wu's family, and the old man Qu Wu used to treat Shuigen like a nephew, so he willingly took care of the funeral on behalf of Xiu.

It is said that the old man Wu is very popular, basically every household in the village is willing to come to see him off for the last time, and they all sincerely want to adopt the lonely and helpless Miao Miao.

It's a pity that they were all declined by Shuigen.

No one is having a good time these years. Although it is pitiful from the bottom of my heart now, there is no guarantee that there will be no resentment in the future.

For the good of Xie, and to repay the kindness of the old man Wu, Shuigen would rather adopt Xie himself, at least to ensure that he will not be wronged.

Sending off another guest of condolence, Shui Gen, who had been kneeling all day, couldn't help but straighten his waist, lovingly rubbed the distraught little man beside him, looked up at the black coffin, and couldn't help but sigh.

The old man Wu died too badly. When he was found, he was gnawed to pieces by the fish in the water, and there was a twisted and weird smile on his face. Rao Shuigen was so close to him, and he had to muster up the courage to help him Converge the bones.

In such a miserable state, Shuigen dared not let Xixi see him for the last time no matter what.

Da da da.

There was another rush of footsteps rushing over, and Shuigen subconsciously prepared to thank him, but he held back in a hurry, his face darkened immediately, and he suppressed his voice angrily, "Why are you here, you are not welcome here, get out!"


The visitors were a middle-aged couple with mean faces. The husband gave Shuigen a disdainful look, and said in a strange tone, "Joke, I'm here to condolence to my uncle, do I need your consent from an outsider? You should get out!"

Suddenly, Shui Gen couldn't bear it anymore, and he rushed forward to beat up that hateful couple, regardless of his appearance.

Fortunately, the folks around him stopped in time, so that the matter did not become a big deal.

The woman with the big black spot on her face was obviously aggressive, she put her hips on her hips and cursed confidently, "A group of mud-legged people dare to make trouble at Old Wu's house, believe it or not, I will report to the police and arrest you?"

Just one sentence provoked the anger of the public, and this kind of skill is no one else.

Just when the angry villagers couldn't bear it any longer, two official servants in soap clothes suddenly walked outside the door, and the villagers were like beating eggplants with frost, not daring to make mistakes.

Seeing this, the vixen with black moles became more and more frenzied, and taunted fiercely, "Bah, a bunch of untouchables!"

As he spoke, he flattered the official in a soft voice as if changing his face, "It's hard work for the two servants to come to this poor country without hesitation, just a little bit of care."

Then he handed over a bulging little purse openly.

The officer weighed the weight of the purse and said with a satisfied smile, "Forget that you know how to be a man, hurry up, who is Wu Yuxi? Take him away, and I will rush back to have a drink!"

The villagers felt as if they had been struck by lightning, especially Shuigen, who reacted the most violently. He rushed up to hug the officer's thigh in panic, and cried, "Master, you can't let that vicious couple take you away, they have no good intentions." , I want to sell the 呶呶 to the Red Mansion~"

The villagers were also filled with righteous indignation, and they were all furious.

That vicious couple was the son and daughter-in-law of Old Man Wu's younger brother. They were cold-natured and most greedy. Half a year ago, Old Man Wu's son and daughter-in-law had an accident and tried to persuade him to sell Miao to the Red House, but Old Man Wu beat him out.

Unexpectedly, today's evil heart will not die and make a comeback.

Hehe is the pistachio in the village, and no one wants to let this poor little poor man be reduced to prostitution.

The official kicked the root of the water away in disgust, pointed at the proud and mean couple and shouted loudly, "What do you want to do? He is the blood relative of Wu Yuxi's serious family, but it was signed by the county lord himself. Adoption bond, whoever dares to stop the job, the labor and management will take you back!"

As soon as this remark came out, the villagers who were in a turbulent mood were immediately shocked.

Since ancient times, the people have not fought against the government, and it will definitely not end well if they fight against the government.

Whoever is not leading the family, no matter how loudly they shout, it is still impossible to ruin the whole family's life for the sake of 呶呶 in the end.

When Shuigen saw that the villagers flinched, he couldn't help but feel ashamed, and lay motionless on the limp ground.

He knew that he couldn't protect Xiemei, and he couldn't breathe because of the pain in his heart.

Beep quietly knelt in front of the brazier and burned the paper, as if turning a deaf ear to everything outside.

With the support of officials, the old man Wu's nephew raised his chin arrogantly, the vixen with black moles immediately understood, smiled greedily and walked towards Xie, as if seeing a windfall from the sky.

Just when she was about to touch 呶呶.

A weak voice suddenly came from the west room:

"Wait!"

Everyone froze for a moment, the official servant seemed to have his dignity hurt, and shouted sharply, "Who is so bold to stop the messenger from doing things?"

Another slow and weak voice came from the West Room:

"Yuan Yuji, the master of the Jingshan Sect in Shaozhou, the poor Taoist, dares to take care of the injustice today!".


		