

Hearing that the mole youth Lin Moran agreed to Chen Changsheng's challenge without hesitation, Sun Yi and Si Haoyu's expressions turned extremely ugly.

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, it was Chen Changsheng who took the initiative to challenge again. Even if Lin Moran beat him to death, no one would be able to fault him.

Sun Yi hesitated to speak several times, his eyes full of despair.

Among the more than one hundred new disciples this year, apart from Yuan Yutang, he is most optimistic about the resolute Chen Changsheng.

Originally, today I planned to bring two people to recognize Si Haoyu's face, so as to lay the foundation for entering the outer door in the future.

Unexpectedly, such a disaster happened.

He didn't expect Chen Changsheng to be so resolute, he dared to challenge the outer disciples for him, he was both moved and uneasy.

If Chen Changsheng really died because of him, he would be condemned by his conscience for the rest of his life.

For fear that the conflict would not be strong enough, the good-for-nothings who watched the play added fuel and jealousy one after another and shouted:

"Brother Lin, don't let the rookie look down on our outer disciples and teach him a lesson!"

"That's right, Brother Lin, you've only been a beginner for more than a month and you're so ignorant of the heights of the sky and the earth. You may be so arrogant in the future, so you should teach yourself a lesson!"

"Don't let your brothers look down on you, Brother Lin!"

The uproar from the fellow disciples couldn't help but strengthen Lin Moran's murderous intent, and he said with a smirk, "I have to say, you are really talented, you haven't even reached the acquired Dzogchen, yet you actually try to challenge me, a monk-level swordsman, to kill me." challenge!"

As he spoke, he stood upright with his hands behind his back, and said with great disdain, "Don't say I'm bullying the small, I'll let you do ten moves first, and if you can touch the corner of my clothes within ten moves, even if you kneel down in public and admit your mistake Row!"

Despite being surrounded by ridicule and ridicule, Chen Changsheng remained unmoved. Perhaps from the moment he stood up, he put life and death aside.

Apart from his widowed mother, who has experienced all kinds of hardships since he was a child, only Sun Yi and Yuan Yutang are sincerely good to him.

So when Sun Yi was humiliated and couldn't help himself, he resolutely chose to stand up, even though he knew that a gnat might shake a tree, even though he was terrified to death, even though he knew that the end would be extremely tragic, he would not hesitate at all.

"Brother Chen, good job, come on, fuck that guy!"

Suddenly, there was an untimely sound of cheering and cheering.

Everyone looked in astonishment, and found that the speaker was an eight-year-old urchin, they immediately ignored it, only thinking that he was insane.

Yuan Yutang ignored those weird gazes, his eyes were sincere, and his voice was sonorous, as if he really believed that Chen Changsheng could defeat Lin Moran who was a monk.

The more so, the more painful Sun Yi was.

He didn't expect that he would need disciples to help him get ahead one day after being degraded.

Chen Changsheng took a deep breath, forced the tide of fear out of his head, and immediately looked firm, and slowly raised his sword, and said in a deep voice, "Thank you, brother, for letting the kid do ten tricks, so I offended you!"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

After finishing speaking, Chen Changsheng rushed out, and angrily stabbed Lin Moran's chest with the iron-wood sword in his hand.

But what I didn't expect was that before he could get close, a strong wave of air burst out from Lin Moran's body, and he was thrown flying in an instant.

"The first move!"

Lin Moran raised a finger arrogantly, and sneered coldly.

Chen Changsheng stood up slowly without saying a word, his eyes were red, he clenched the iron-wooden sword with both hands, he yelled and rushed over like a mad dog, slashing indiscriminately.

In the end, he was still just a twelve-year-old boy, under the rush of anger, there was no calmness at all, and he instinctively chose the most familiar street fighting method to attack.

Now Lin Moran didn't even bother to use his magic power, he could dodge calmly with only his footwork, and he didn't forget to take the time to stimulate the furious Chen Changsheng.

"Oh, I'm so scared, I almost got hit."

"Aim at the point, use some strength, won't Manager Sun give you food?"

Lin Moran's funnyness immediately made the melon-eaters burst into laughter.

Sun Yi's eyes almost burst into flames, if Si Haoyu hadn't held him down firmly, he would have gone out and slapped the hateful Lin Moran to death, so as not to humiliate his lover.

Yuan Yutang looked calm, as if he had full confidence in Chen Changsheng, and he was not worried that he would be in danger at all.

In the blink of an eye, the nine moves have passed, Lin Moran with a playful smile seemed to have run out of patience, suddenly his face became congealed, and while Chen Changsheng was slashing, he stretched his leg and tripped, Chen Changsheng, who lost his balance, immediately fell to the ground, his mouth and nose were dripping with blood .

As soon as Qingying retreated twenty steps away, Lin Moran thought, and a chi-long flying sword flew out of his sleeve and floated in front of him.

"The nine tricks have been exhausted, and the promise of ten tricks is about to end." Lin Moran laughed jokingly like a cat playing with a mouse, "Don't say I won't give you a chance, as long as you kneel down obediently and kowtow ten times, say Daddy, I was wrong, so I might as well forgive your sin, how about it?"

As soon as this remark came out, the people who ate melon burst into laughter.

"Hahaha, brother Lin is so kind, he is willing to give that kid a chance~"

"Hahaha, I'm dying of laughter, if you know how to play, you have to belong to Brother Lin~"

"Boy, why don't you kowtow and call daddy? If you miss the opportunity, you will die!"

Everyone's laughter pierced Sun Yi's heart like a sharp sword, and his heart was bleeding.

Chen Changsheng fell so hard just now that he became dizzy and wished he could fall to the ground, but the anger suffocating in his heart forced him to get up again.

It's just that after hearing Lin Moran's insulting words, he flew into a rage again, and his head was so hot that he was about to rush forward and desperately.

"Brother Chen, think about your experience of practicing sword these days!"

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang, who had been silent for a while, suddenly yelled loudly, like a bucket of cold water being poured over his head, making Chen Changsheng miraculously regain his composure.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Chen Changsheng looked at Yuan Yutang in astonishment, Yuan Yutang responded with a firm smile, clenched his fists and encouraged himself.

"Come on, I am optimistic about you, I will definitely not lose!"

Suddenly, Chen Changsheng felt a strange courage surge in his heart.

Chen Changsheng calmed down, slowly adjusted his breathing state, and quickly recalled the feeling of having no other distractions when he was practicing swords.

Soon he found the feeling.

That kind of special feeling that I feel like I have a sword in my hand.

Gradually, the laughter and ridicule around him gradually stopped.

The good-for-nothing outer disciple looked at Chen Changsheng who was immersed in his own world in astonishment, and couldn't help feeling extremely magical.

This, is this the sword heart sees the wisdom?

how is this possible?

How could it be possible for a mere rookie who has just started to reach the realm of swordsmanship and wisdom that ordinary people need to practice for several years?

Sun Yi and Fourth Haoyu were even more overjoyed.

Unexpectedly, Chen Changsheng comprehended the state of seeing wisdom with the sword without a teacher.

This kind of genius has infinite potential and must not be buried here.

The fight will be forcibly ended immediately.

It's a pity that Lin Moran was the quicker one. He didn't care about his face, blatantly violated his promise, and took the initiative to attack before the ten moves had passed.

After seeing Chen Changsheng's potential, how could he let go of this golden opportunity.

Anyway, everyone's ties have been formed, so if we don't attack Chen Changsheng before he grows up, don't we wait for revenge later?

"Shuzi, stop!"

Sun Yi's eyes were about to burst, and without thinking, he sent out a sword energy to stab Lin Moran.

Lin Taiji, who had been prepared for a long time, sneered, and the two flying swords ready to go in his sleeves intercepted in the air, defeating Sun Yi's intention of saving people.

The fourth Haoyu is still weighing the pros and cons, and did not make a timely move.

"Hahaha, bastard, die for me!"

Lin Moran controlled the flying sword in his mind, turning into a stream of light and rushing towards Chen Changsheng who was astonished, his eyes were full of hopelessness that he was about to destroy the rare treasure.

Just when everyone thought that Chen Changsheng was bound to die.

All of a sudden, a thin figure appeared like a ghost, with a dead branch in his hand knocking on a flying sword as fast as lightning, and then disappeared in place, and appeared behind the stunned Lin Moran the next moment.

Lin Moran watched in disbelief as a dead branch came out of his heart, shook it a few times, and then crashed to the bottom.

This sudden scene made everyone unable to react in time, and the scene was eerily silent.

It was Yuan Yutang who killed Lin Moran by Thunder! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		