

The Caotang Village incident left too many mysteries and puzzles, and everyone agreed to ignore it.

After leaving Luzhou, they will soon enter the boundary of Feizhou.

More than three hundred miles to the south of Feizhou is the destination of everyone's journey - Guobei County.

That night.

At the end of a day of rushing, everyone was lucky enough to find a mountain inn beside the official road.

Mountain Inn, as the name suggests, is an inn for treasurers. It is built on the mountain, and it is often located at the main roads of major transportation hubs. In addition to the most basic lodging functions, it also secretly sells information, sells stolen goods, and seeks financial harm All kinds of shady business such as life and death.

Strictly speaking, this is already one of the nine sects under Jianghu, and those who don't know the details get into it by mistake, and it is very likely that they will be trafficked or made into meat buns, and they will disappear directly from the world.

but!

How could Yuan Yutang and his party be worried that the little mountain inn would murder them for money?

A dilapidated three-storey inn looks like it might collapse at any moment, the wind and sand are blowing outside the door, and the shopkeepers inside are counting one by one, and they are all dozing listlessly. Just busy with their own business, it doesn't look like opening the door to do business.

Traveling all over the world, Yan Chixia, who has been well-informed and well-informed, was rarely interested in giving everyone some knowledge about the world, and said with a hearty smile, "Everyone, this is one of the most famous mountain inns in Feizhou.

Look at that shopkeeper, don't look at him with a skinny appearance, as if he would collapse in a gust of wind, he is really proficient in practicing the thirteen Taibao magic skills horizontally, once he moves blood, it is difficult for weapons to penetrate, and his strength is amazing.

There is also the shop waiter with a confused face, that's terrible, people in the Jianghu are called "Sneaking Sky Mouse", who is best at lightness kungfu, and ordinary warriors may not be able to touch the hem of his clothes even if a hundred or ten people siege him.

At the end, the fat cook with a friendly smile, you have to be careful of this person, the bandit is called "Blood Butcher", who loves to stun tourists and kill people to take meat, make meat buns for sale, and he is unique in the green forest of Feizhou with his skill of deboning and cutting meat. "

After a pause, Yan Chixia smiled meaningfully, "Just imagine, in such a black shop full of snakes and rats, who dares to live in such a black shop with no skills?"

"Screw your mother's ass!"

The shopkeeper, who was dozing off on the greasy table, couldn't bear Yan Chixia's unscrupulous behavior of exposing others, so he jumped up and cursed.

"I'm not a good person, but your mother is a good breed? I'm full of bad water, and every time I come here, I will be taunted by my mother once. Didn't I fall into the trick of a traitor like you, so why did I spend the rest of my life here in anonymity?"

The shop waiter was not surprised, got up and yawned boredly, and went to work.

The fat cook smiled and nodded to everyone, seeing that the shopkeeper's hair was blowing up, he quickly slipped away.

"Hahaha, old dog, I haven't seen him in a few years and still have such a hot temper, and I'm not afraid that he will explode his liver and die on the spot in some weather."

Yan Chixia was not annoyed by being pointed at her nose and scolded, she laughed and stepped forward to grab the thin shopkeeper's shoulder.

The skinny shopkeeper's face turned pale with anger, and he could not shake off Yan Chixia's paw even after several times, and rolled his eyes angrily, and said, "Don't worry, I will outlive you for sure, the dog will make enemies all over the year, maybe I'll burp someday!"

The two of them got into a mess while talking, and it could be seen that they had a good friendship.

Yuan Yutang and the others laughed and didn't take it seriously from the beginning to the end.

No need to think about it, I know that several former green forest personnel who have been hidden in the city have already reformed their evil ways. Otherwise, with Yan Chixia's personality that can't tolerate sand in her eyes, how could she have offended any villain.

Most of the words just now were ridicules that harmed the goodwill of friends.

"Old Gouzi, today my grandpa patronizes your little run-down shop, why don't you entertain me with good wine and good food? I'll serve you any good things later. It's just that the hair has faded out of my mouth on the way these days. A good rub will make you happy!" Yan Chixia said with a smile as she hugged the skinny shopkeeper's neck.

"Let go, let go, I'm going to be tied to death by you!" The thin shopkeeper known as the old dog struggled to break free from Yan Chixia's shackles, jumping and cursing, "You plague god, every time I meet you There must be nothing good, and you still want to eat and drink with shamelessness? There is no way, get out!"

After playing around for a while, the old dog was still defeated, cursing and preparing to eat and drink.

After a simple meal, the night was dark, and there was no entertainment in the wilderness, so everyone went back to their rooms to rest.

Yuan Yutang carried a big iron box on his back, and never left it.

Before leaving, the old Gouzi and the waiter who was cleaning up the dishes gave him meaningful glances.

"Hehe, if it's not too long-term, I advise you not to think about that iron box."

Yan Chixia, who was walking at the end, turned her head and smiled meanly.

"Fuck you!" the old dog cursed angrily, "Do you think I'm so old that I can't see what's in that box? You can smell the evil through the iron sheet. Go move that thing! You don’t need to pretend to be a good person, get away!”

Yan Chixia shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly, "It's up to you whether you listen to loyal words, anyway, I have persuaded you, and you can't blame others if you want to die."

Furious, the old Gouzi picked up a dripping plate and threw it at Yan Chixia, who laughed and dodged it.

After Yuan Yutang and the others all went upstairs, the trio at the inn met tacitly.

"How about it, shopkeeper, do you want to vote?"

"Thieves don't leave empty space, how can there be any reason to turn a blind eye when encountering treasures?"

Faced with the enthusiastic inquiries of the two old guys, the old dog hesitated.

After hesitating again and again, the old Gouzi fixed his eyes and nodded emphatically.

Immediately, the three met each other and smiled, then stopped talking and left quietly.


Since she couldn't hide the fox ears on the top of her head, Lan Xi dressed up like a newly married daughter-in-law today, holding a headscarf, wrapping herself in a scarf, and wrapping herself tightly. In future generations, she will be a proper Arab woman.

After being sent to the room by Yuan Yutang, seeing him turn around and ready to leave, he couldn't help shouting, "My lord..."

Yuan Yutang turned around suspiciously.

After a while, Lan Xi smiled, "My lord... rest early, good night~"

This is the farewell language she learned from Yuan Yutang recently, and she quickly used it very skillfully and naturally.

Yuan Yutang waved his hands and smiled softly, "Good night, see you tomorrow."

Received a response, Lan Xi happily closed the door.

He knew that Lan Xifang's behavior was subconscious. He had encountered this situation with his sister before, and it was very common with abandoned kittens and puppies.

It was a kind of worrying about gains and losses after the long-cherished wish was fulfilled. After he really accepted his sister, she was so clingy for a while.

Maybe Lanxi is really lonely in her heart...

Yuan Yutang stood at the door until Lanxi turned off the lights before turning around and leaving.

But when he returned to the room, he found that Yan Chixia was already waiting for him.

"Brother Yan, are you staying up so late, what's the matter?" Yuan Yutang asked suspiciously.

Yan Chixia smiled and held out her hand.

Yuan Yutang took out cigarettes in a wooden box from his arms quite speechlessly.

As the saying goes, it takes three years to learn well and three days to learn badly.

Under Yuan Yutang's example, he successfully trained Chen Changsheng and Yan Chixia into qualified smokers, and spread the bad atmosphere of different time and space to the world of Liaozhai.

"Bring it you!"

The wooden box was snatched away by Yan Chixia, and one of them was given to him in a rebellious manner, and Yan Chixia greedily greedy for ink for the rest.

Yuan Yutang lit a cigarette helplessly, and then the two began to puff and smoke in the room.

After a cigarette, Yan Chixia said quietly, "Do you think that what I said tonight was just a joke?"

Yuan Yutang's expression changed when he heard the words, and then he waited for the next sentence.

"My evaluation of the old Gouzi and the three of them is absolutely true." Yan Chixia suddenly became serious, and said in a concentrated voice, "Ten years ago, the three of them were indeed scum that could be cut to death!

Old Gouzi likes to pretend to be a pig and eat a tiger. He uses his appearance to disguise himself, and he specially picks out caravans with good intentions. When the caravans relax their vigilance, they suddenly attack.

The squirrel is a ruthless killer who specializes in solving disasters and problems for people. He loves to use torture to torture the target to physical and mental breakdown, taking pleasure in killing.

Mrs. Xuetu has a beastly face, cold-blooded and cruel, and never spares anyone under the knife. Afterwards, the victim often evaporates from the world.

You said that such a blood-debt and conscience-stricken villain can be punished by everyone? "

Yuan Yutang nodded solemnly, he knew that Yan Chixia must have something to say.

If there is no inside story, it is absolutely impossible for him to have such a harmonious relationship with those three people.

Suddenly Yan Chixia laughed at herself and lit another cigarette.

The indigo smoke obscured his face, making his deep eyes dim and dreamy.

After a while, he asked an inexplicable question:

"Brother, do you believe that there are born villains in this world?"

Yuan Yutang nodded, and replied affirmatively, "There is no doubt about it. Where there is light, there is darkness. Since there are born saints, then there must be born villains who wear human skin and do what animals do."

Yan Chixia said with a noncommittal smirk, "I used to think so too, and the behavior of the three of them, Old Gouzi, was completely in line with the behavior of natural villains, so ten years ago when I was a fledgling, I chased and killed them for half a year, and I was bound to convince the villains punish."

"and then?"

"Then? Hehe, of course I found out that they are not hopeless."

"Huh? I would like to hear more about it!"

“It’s nothing more than the compulsion of the world.

The old dog robbed and murdered in order to support the orphans of his comrades-in-arms.

The squirrel is cruel and bloodthirsty, but in order to treat his seriously ill parents.

The blood butcher is cold-blooded and cruel because of his natural insight, all the people he kills are sinners with unclear karma in previous lives. "

"Do you believe this nonsense?"

Yan Chixia shook her head honestly, "I don't believe it, but there are two people who have guaranteed them."

Yuan Yutang frowned, and asked, "Who can make this guarantee?"

"One is the person who is closest to the Buddha in the world today, the leader of Buddhism in the world, and the Laiyin Guru of Mount Putuo."

"What about the other one?"

Yan Chixia gave Yuan Yutang a meaningful look, and said with a chuckle, "The other person has quite a relationship with you."

"Who is it?" Yuan Yutang asked.

"It's the late former governor of the Northeast Province, the father of your brother-in-law Situ Shanu, Situ Mo known as 'Hungry Tiger'!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter Thirty-Three: Black shop trio free to read.




		