

"Quack quack..."

Yuan Yutang's body was covered with blood and flesh, and he looked like a blood man, panting like a broken bellows.

Baiyun was not much better. He was a cute little monk who was fat and white, but now he was as dirty as a little clay figurine.

It can be seen that the two fought fiercely before.

Fortunately, the hard work was not in vain, and they broke through the dragon's pond and tiger's den.

Finally, the monsters who were followed and fled by them entered the demon spirit barrier.

Knowing that it is urgent, time waits for no one, and there is no time for them to rest and recover.

Bai Yun took out the last two pills of Yi Qi Hui Shen and took them separately, deliberately controlling the effect of the medicine to prevent himself from falling into a deep coma and recovering, and then hurriedly set off.

The enchantment of demon spirits is called an enchantment, but it is actually like a small world.

There are mountains and lakes, lush grass and flowers, like a paradise.

Yuan Yutang and the two were not in the mood to enjoy the scenery, and they were anxiously chasing after a wolf monster who was in a hurry.

That wolf demon is also unlucky, the one who can be responsible for guarding the entrance of the demon spirit formation, the way is naturally good, but it is a big monster in the realm of ghost gate.

It's a pity that I'm so alive, but I met Yuan Yutang and Baiyun, two rare aliens in the world, and I was taught a lesson by the two of them teaming up to cross the border, and almost died on the spot.

Fortunately, the big monster is always a big monster. Although the wolf monster is not strong, it still has the most basic means of saving its life.

At the price of a broken leg, the wolf demon struggled to save a life from the two men. Driven by his survival instinct, he fled into the demon spirit barrier, the tree demon's grandmother's lair, without even thinking about it.

The lame wolf demon can only show its original shape, turning into a ten-foot-tall wolf and running wildly.

Yuan Yutang and Baiyun were chasing after him fiercely, one in front of the other and the other in the back quickly shuttled between the mountains and rivers.

In vain, Yuan Yutang's hair stood on end, he pushed the white cloud away suddenly, and jumped into the side lake.

boom!

Before he fell into the water, Yuan Yutang, who was hanging in the air, was horrified to find that the ground they had just passed had collapsed, and a huge claw the size of a house suddenly protruded out, slapping the ground obliquely, and immediately expanded the ground sinking. It is nearly ten feet wide.

Plop!

Yuan Yutang plunged headlong into the icy lake, and was about to struggle to surface when suddenly his ankle was firmly grasped by a cold palm, and he dragged towards the bottom of the water.

"Google~"

A string of air bubbles burst out of his mouth and nose, Yuan Yutang looked down in horror, and finally saw clearly what was attacking him.

It turned out to be a blue-haired banshee whose upper body was parasitic on a huge crab, staring at him with a sinister grin in the dark and cold water.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang felt an unknown fire in his heart.

The thick mana burst out suddenly, and all the water in the lake with a radius of half a zhang was squeezed away. With the sound of howling wind and thunder, the fist hit the blue-haired banshee with great force.

The blue-haired banshee smiled contemptuously, and a giant turtle the size of a stone mill broke through the waves and slammed straight into Yuan Yutang's iron fist.

puff~

It was as if a hurricane had exploded from the bottom of the water, and the endless ripples spread rapidly, stirring up the already turbid bottom of the water so that you couldn't see your fingers.

Immediately afterwards, bursts of intense muffled noise erupted one after another, and finally returned to calm.

Waiting for the muddy water mixed with sediment to return to clarity.

Suddenly, a figure shot up like a thunderbolt.

Wow!

The figure rushed into the air, then landed heavily on the shore, making two big holes.

Yuan Yutang's face sank like water, his mana shook, and his wet clothes evaporated in an instant. He was still pinching the neck of the blue-haired banshee with a broken giant crab body in his hand, and stared coldly at a mountain peak that suddenly appeared in front of him.

"So alert, so well cultivated, he really deserves to be a hero in the world who is remembered by the three noble ghost kings, it's amazing!"

A man in a black cloak stood on the top of the mountain, applauding hypocritically.

Yuan Yutang's steel teeth were almost crushed, and his eyes almost burst out with anger.

The reason why he was so angry was certainly not because of the cloaked man's sarcasm


The main reason is because of Baiyun!

Baiyun was trampled under the feet of the cloaked man in a state of embarrassment, and a large amount of blood flowed from his mouth and nose, life and death were all in the hands of the cloaked man.

"Let go of Baiyun, or labor will kill this banshee!"

From the sudden collapse of the ground to the attack of the giant claws, Yuan Yutang knew that the damned wolf demon was the bait to deliberately lure them into the trap.

Too bad they are still ignorant.

After being attacked by the blue-haired banshee in the water, he realized that Bai Yun might be in danger, so he tried his best to capture the blue-haired banshee as quickly as possible, in order to make the black hands behind the scenes stalk him.

Although he also knew that the cloaked man probably didn't care about the life and death of the blue-haired banshee, but he couldn't disregard Bai Yun's safety, so he could only bite the bullet and threaten him, hoping to get a miraculous effect.

The man in the cloak sneered, and the next moment Yuan Yutang had an ominous premonition.

touch, click~

"Ah~"

The man in the cloak slammed his foot on Baiyun's left elbow frantically, and there was a clear sound of bone shattering, and Baiyun's small body, which was suppressed and unable to move, suddenly tensed up, and let out a heart-piercing scream.

Yuan Yutang's eyes were about to burst, but he firmly warned himself not to be impulsive.

A contemptuous sarcasm came from under the huge cloak, "Will you be sad because your domestic dog lost the fight with wild dogs? Similarly, how could you be so naive, thinking that catching that vile banshee can threaten me Woolen cloth?"

"Do you know how much effort I have spent this year looking for you?"

Although the tone was calm, the man in the cloak vented the violence in his heart on Bai Yun. He crushed Bai Yun's broken left arm hard, causing Bai Yun to die of pain.

"stop it!"

Yuan Yutang couldn't bear it anymore, with a tiger roar, he threw the blue-haired banshee towards the cloaked man, and then the golden light flashed, and he used the golden light magic power to a new height, and stepped into the air miraculously And rise.

"Hehe, are you in a hurry to jump over the wall?" The cloaked man laughed jokingly, and stood upright on the spot with his arms folded.

Almost all the bones of the blue-haired banshee leaping forward were shattered by Yuan Yutang, and her eyes showed pleading looks, trying to pray to the cloaked man to save her.

However, it overestimated its own value and underestimated the cold blood of the cloaked man.

"A failed dog has no value in continuing to live!"

As soon as the words were spoken, the blue-haired banshee bumped into an invisible wall and instantly turned into a bloody mist.

"Demon, die for me!"

A roar of thunder scattered the splashing blood mist, and Yuan Yutang killed him like a god descending from the earth. The sky was instantly covered by endless wind and rain, and an iron fist struck out like a heavy cannon.

The man in the cloak opened his hands with a grinning silent grin, and suddenly a terrifying yin energy burst out like a solid wall, soaring into the sky like an iron wall.

boom!

Yuan Yutang slammed his fist viciously against the yin wall with hatred, and a terrifying wave of air exploded immediately, and the violent counter-shock immediately sent him flying.

Huh~

Flying tens of feet away, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a terrible sound of breaking through the sky, and when he looked up, he was almost scared out of his wits.

That was actually a gigantic giant rock claw!

Judging by its momentum, if it is shot, it will peel off its skin if it is not dead.

At the critical moment, Yuan Yutang ignored the rush of blood, gritted his teeth and launched the vertical golden light again, narrowly dodging the slap of the giant claws.

After he landed safely, he was horrified to find that the mountain where the cloaked man was located actually moved.

What kind of mountain is that? It is clearly a giant rock monster as big as a mountain!

You don't need to ask to know that the giant claw that attacked them from the ground just now came from the giant rock monster.

"Hehe, in order to catch you, I even awakened the Yimu people in the metamorphosis stage, you should feel honored!"

The cloaked man stood on top of the rock giant's head and said with a condescending smile.

ancient book "

There is a saying in the Great Wilderness: There is a country in the Far East, and its people live in it with one eye. Their eyes are magical, they are taller than the mountains, and they are powerful to lift the sky.

It turned out that the terrifying rock giant was the legendary giant 'Yi Mu Min', no wonder he was so full of evil spirits.

The cloaked man, who was originally unpredictable, was not easy to deal with. Now that there is another "Yimumin" with terrifying strength, and Bai Yun is in the enemy's hands, isn't Yuan Yutang about to fall into a situation of eternal doom?

However, Yuan Yutang, who was at an absolute disadvantage, didn't show any signs of depression. He was silent for a long time, and unexpectedly laughed wildly, laughing so hard that tears almost flowed out.

"what are you laughing at?"

The cloaked man's tone turned cold in vain.

Yuan Yutang laughed back and forth, and said with joy, "What am I laughing at? I laugh at you for being arrogant, I laugh at you for being ignorant! How many times have I, Yuan Yutang, encountered a fatal situation since I debuted? Haven't I just overcome it?"

"Do you think you can beat me by playing tricks?"

Although the expression under the cloak man's cloak cannot be seen, it can be seen from his slightly trembling body.

He was obviously irritated by Yuan Yutang's arrogance.

At the same time, a trace of uneasiness was faintly felt in his heart.

It seems that something has been ignored by him, and it is likely to ruin the good situation.

Before the man in the cloak could find out the reason, Yuan Yutang suddenly smiled slyly, "Since you have been plotting against me in the dark, you should know that I am very proficient in talismans, right?"

The next moment, the man in the cloak was shocked.

He finally figured out why Yuan Yutang's temperament suddenly changed.

But now it's too late.

"Get out!"

All of a sudden, Yuan Yutang roared like a thunderstorm from behind the cloaked man, and punched him like a fire on his vest, directly knocking the cloaked man out of the air.

Without any delay, Yuan Yutang quickly picked up Baiyun who was almost unconscious, and used his golden light supernatural power to escape before the attack of Yimumin.

But at this time, Yuan Yutang on the ground turned into a talisman strangely, and spontaneously ignited.

That's right, that's the Golden Cicada Escape Shell Talisman, one of Yuan Yutang's most proud bottom talismans.

If it wasn't for the Golden Cicada Escape Shell Talisman, he would have died in Naimertai's hands long ago.

In any case, it was impossible for Yuan Yutang to give up Baiyun, and he was not sure of rescuing Baiyun from the cloaked man.

Therefore, we can only take risks, do mental calculations and inadvertently, use the dummy of the Golden Cicada Escape Shell Talisman to attract attention, and then wait for the opportunity to attack.

Finally, the hard work paid off, and Baiyun was pulled out of the ghost gate.

The cloak has profound humanity, although Yuan Yutang punched him with all his strength, but it didn't hurt.

But the shame of being calculated by Yuan Yutang almost crushed his self-esteem.

Burning with anger, he no longer disregarded the entrustment of the three ghost kings, and decided to use Yuan Yutang's dog's life to wash away his shame!

"How courageous, even my 'ghost comprador', the three horned heads dare to tease me, I want you to regret being a man!!"


		