

The belly of the fish folded over the body, which is clearly the precursor of the transformation.

This is the first fish spirit who is about to break through the monster realm!

Yuan Yutang sneered silently, and continued to climb without fear.

The fish king, to be precise, is the fish spirit who saw Yuan Yutang dare to provoke him, and immediately became furious. The huge fish body turned flexibly in the water, and the huge gap in the half-human body suddenly opened to the maximum, and it was about to smash Yuan Yutang's entire body. swallow.

Yuan Yutang punched out, even though the surrounding water weakened its strength layer by layer, it still hit the giant fish's jaw heavily.

gurgling~

The giant fish closed its mouth in an instant, swallowing a mouthful of river water, and a lot of air bubbles came out of its nostrils.

Yuan Yutang took the opportunity to throw off the hemp rope, jumped onto Yujing's back, and punched with a raised fist.

Suddenly, there was a dull sound like a drum beating under the water.

Countless fists as heavy as hammers rained down, knocking the fish spirit dizzy for a moment.

Soon the fish spirit came to his senses, and couldn't help being furious, rushing wildly under the water.

Boom~Boom~

This unexpected turn of events disrupted Yuan Yutang's calculations, and he had no choice but to hold on to the dorsal fin of the fish essence and experience the underwater shuttle.

Numerous reefs were crushed, a large amount of sand was thrown up, and the water suddenly became extremely turbid.

The fish spirit vented her anger with all her strength, and subconsciously dived deeper into the water. @

This hurt Yuan Yutang.

The ferocious water pressure came layer upon layer, and he couldn't attack the fish spirit at all during high-speed movement.

Even though he had the Juyin Pearl in his mouth that could breathe underwater for a short time, he still felt that the air in his lungs was getting scarcer.

In the end, the strength was still affected by the injury.

Yuan Yutang felt ruthless and decided to make a quick decision.

He suddenly let go of his right hand, hung on the dorsal fin of the fish spirit with his left hand alone, and quickly squeezed out different seals, muttering indistinctly, not long after, the surrounding water seemed to be drawn by invisible forces, and it was so fast. It condensed into a sword on Yuan Yutang's right hand.

Calling the rain is not only controlling the water, but all methods are different. This is the Rainstorm Pear Blossom Sword!

Holding the Rainstorm Pear Blossom Sword in his hand, Yuan Yutang's spirit was shaken immediately, and without even thinking about it, he raised his sword and stabbed.

Kacha~

The fish essence's scales seemed solid, but they couldn't resist the sharp edge of the Pear Blossom Sword in the rainstorm. As soon as they were touched, clusters of bright red bloomed in the water.

"Woo~"

Under the severe pain, the fish essence spun rapidly in the water, intending to throw Yuan Yutang away.

Yuan Yutang, who was about to draw his sword and stab again, was caught off guard again, as if he was on a roller coaster, dizzy and unable to find his way.

Fortunately, the sword just pierced deep enough, the more intense the fish essence exercised, the greater the bleeding from the wound.

In the blink of an eye, the surrounding waters were rippling with faint blood.

Just when Yuan Yutang was about to lose his hold, he suddenly felt the terrifying centrifugal force disappear. He was stunned for a moment, and he suddenly realized that the fish spirit turned over at some point, so all the gravity was on him, and it was too late. Struggling and being pressed heavily to the bottom of the water.

"Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

Yuan Yutang stared suddenly, a lot of air bubbles came out of his mouth and nose, and he felt like a mountain was pressing on his body.

He tried his best to push the dying fish essence, but it was a pity that no matter how hard he tried, under the pressure and his own weight, there were not many fish essences with huge bodies.

Sensing that the water-repelling function of the Yin-Collecting Bead is getting weaker and weaker, Yuan Yutang knew that if he didn't try to get out of the predicament, he might become one of the vast water ghosts.

However, no matter what methods he tried, he was still unable to escape from the weight of the fish essence.

"Google~"

The water-dispelling function of the yin-gathering bead had completely failed. The more anxious he was, the faster the oxygen in his lungs would be consumed. After a while, Yuan Yutang's consciousness became nearly blurred.

At this moment, he was extremely regretful.

Regret that I have acted rashly again.

With such an ending, so what if he has successfully killed the fish essence?

You have to take another life to be buried with Yujing, why bother?

It's just that the most useless thing in the world is regret, and Yuan Yutang's struggle is getting weaker and weaker, and there is nothing he can do.

Just when he was desperately preparing to accept death.


Suddenly, a sudden change occurred.

I saw a mass of black aquatic plants swaying with the current suddenly stretched out, like hands stretching out of nowhere in the sand, and with concerted efforts, they actually shook the mountain-heavy corpse of the fish essence.

Yuan Yutang's spirit was shaken, he took this opportunity to get away with all his strength, and then desperately went up to the water.

Relying on his extraordinary willpower, he finally rushed out of the water before he was about to completely lose his strength.

"Wow, ga, ga~"

Yuan Yutang was still in shock, and greedily breathed in the fresh air. He still has lingering fears until now.

After panting violently for a moment, he slowly calmed down.

At this time, the mist floating on the river suddenly thickened, and dozens of figures appeared out of thin air.

"Thank you, Daoist, for your kindness and revenge for us!"

Yuan Yutang was surprised to hear Old Man Wu's voice coming from the dense fog.

Immediately afterwards, there was a unanimous voice of thanks:

"Thank you, Daoist, for your kindness and revenge for us!"

Yuan Yutang suddenly realized.

Presumably those figures are the innocent dead souls who have been devoured by fish spirits for many years.

Among the ghosts, there is nothing more vicious than the ghost of the dead, and among the ghosts of the dead, there is nothing worse than the ghost of burning and drowning.

These two kinds of ghosts died after experiencing inhuman pain, and they are often unable to be reincarnated. They are bound to the death scene to repeat the pain and despair of death indefinitely, until their souls are scattered or they turn into ghosts to harm people.

Even if the old man Wu turned into a ghost of gratitude and gave Yuan Yutang the water of gratitude to heal his wounds, he still could not escape the fate of the drowning ghost, and was dragged back into the water again and never reborn.

Fortunately, Yuan Yutang is very vengeful, and he would not be happy if he didn't kill Yujing.

Otherwise, let the savior end up in the end of never being reborn, let alone beeping, he himself will not forgive himself.

Moreover, by mistake, he successfully rescued dozens of souls who died of fish spirits, which must be said to be a merit.

Sure enough, soon he heard a divine voice like the sounds of heaven:

[In the spring of the eighteenth year of Taikang in the Great Xia Dynasty, the evil spirit of the beautiful river fish was eliminated, and the merits and virtues were increased by thirty...]

[The current merit is one hundred and two, which can open a Tiangang supernatural power...]

Immediately afterwards, the clouds in the night sky seemed to open a big hole, and a vast and magnificent starlight descended from the nine heavens, covering Yuan Yutang directly.

Bathed in the starlight full of supreme power, the magic chains that had troubled him for many days were stripped off inch by inch, and countless knowledges were automatically enlightened in the dark.

Soon Yuan Yutang realized something. _o_m

[The golden light of Tiangang supernatural power has been activated! 】

When the starlight dissipated, Yuan Yutang almost jumped up excitedly.

Unexpectedly, a mere fish essence actually contributed 30 merits, not only successfully unlocking the fourth supernatural power, but also successfully getting rid of the chains of chains like gangrene.

It's just a blessing in disguise.

It's worth it!

After the excitement was over, Yuan Yutang turned his attention back to the new supernatural power, and was so excited that he was about to faint.

My God, that is the golden light of the peerless supernatural power created by Yuanshi Tianzun, one of the Sanqing, in the previous myth "Fengshen Bang"!

Turning into golden light with one's body, one can travel thousands of miles in an instant. This is clearly a must-have life-saving skill for murder and arson, and for traveling at home!

With this life-saving skill, the world is so big, where can he not go?

Of course, with his current skill, it is impossible to teleport thousands of miles.

But teleporting ten feet eight feet is definitely enough.

Yuan Yutang was as happy as a two-hundred-pound child. He didn't even know when the thankful ghosts would leave.

Dazed, Yuan Yutang apologized blushingly, "I'm sorry old man, I just thought of something happy, so I got carried away, please don't be offended."

The old man Wu who was standing behind the thick fog laughed and said, "It's okay, good things don't happen often, the old man congratulates Daoist."

After chatting a few words, the sound of rooster crowing broke the dawn.

"Hehe, if we say goodbye tonight, we may never see each other again. Hey, I'll ask the Taoist priest to take care of you." Old man Wu clasped his fists loudly.

Yuan Yutang solemnly returned the gift, "Don't worry, as long as there is a pinch to eat, you will never be hungry, old man, let's go on the road with peace of mind! .


"So, farewell!"

After speaking, the thick fog cleared, and the old man Wu disappeared.

With a faint sigh, Yuan Yutang suppressed the sadness in his heart and swam to the shore.

After everything is settled, there is no need to stay in Taohua Village any longer. When Tingxi wakes up, it is time for the master and apprentice to set off for Shaozhou.

But before going back, Yuan Yutang still had to go to Kuizhou to count the time, there should be someone waiting for him there.

It's best that that dead woman Monica can bump into her by herself, and save him the trouble of finding someone for revenge!


In the Yuelai Inn in Kuizhou City, Chen Changsheng and Sun Yizheng were relatively speechless with melancholy faces.

Until now, they have not figured out the situation at a loss.

Sun Yi is better, because he did not experience the turmoil at Qingtian Peak more than a month ago when he went down the mountain to eliminate demons and atone for his crimes. He somehow received an urgent communication from the Zongmen halfway, asking him to wait for someone in Kuizhou, and that person would arrange for him to follow up his whereabouts. . @·No fault first launch~~

This is outrageous.

Judging from the communication information, the person who asked him to wait was definitely not a member of Qingtian Peak.

He has to be under the jurisdiction of outsiders as a manager, which is a strange thing that Qingtian Peak has never experienced since the opening of the faction.

It's just that Sun Yi never asks why he does things, as long as the sect needs it, he will obey no matter how much he doubts.

It's just that when he came to the appointed place, he found that Chen Changsheng had come earlier than him, and his suspicions became even worse.

It's a pity that no matter how I asked Chen Changsheng, he refused to reveal a few words, and only said that he would see when the man arrived.

Compared to Sun Yi who just couldn't figure it out, Chen Changsheng's mood was much more complicated.

My mood drifted involuntarily to Yuan Yutang's frank and honest conversation with him all night long after the storm:

"Come on, join the Jingshan sect! Qingtian Peak is full of talents, your aptitude is not outstanding, no matter how hard you work, you can't compare to those top geniuses!

But if you come to my Jingshan sect, it will be different.

The Jingshan Sect has a small population, all the resources in the sect can be tilted towards you, and I am accepting apprentices on behalf of the master, so you will be the number one person in the Jingshan Sect under me from now on!

Want to try the feeling of being watched? Want to stand out? Want to soar?

If you have the determination to be a chicken head rather than a phoenix tail, then you are welcome to join Jingshan Sect! "

How could young people listen to such passionate and bewitching words?

So Chen Changsheng... was tempted....


		