

Hao Liren was thirty-eight years old this year, and he was in the prime of his life. Although he came from a poor background, he was good at flattering people, so he was able to stand out from a humble soldier, and climbed straight to the position of the Chief Protector of the County Guard Battalion.

It may be that he was afraid of poverty when he was a child, but Hao Liren developed a character of unscrupulous means to achieve his goals. In his heart, he could sell anything except himself, including his conscience.

The latest annual assessment is coming soon, and he was assigned 300 anti-rebel tasks by his superiors, but he didn't have the courage to trouble those vicious real rebels, so he could only point the butcher knife at the good people under his command.

It is no longer a special case to kill a good person and take credit for it, so Hao Liren did it with peace of mind.

It's just that he never expected that someone would trouble him for the sake of hundreds of poor people who are not as good as pigs and dogs.

It was even more unexpected that this trouble might cost his life.


"Who is it, get out!"

"Dare to speak wild words to General Hao, a certain family will not tear your mouth!"

"Who, Grandpa killed you!"

Before Hao Liren could get angry, the generals present took the lead in making trouble.

Soon his drunken eyes were dim, and the blushing and thick-necked general spotted the speaker.

I saw a young man in white sitting on the fence of the rockery in the lobby, holding a burning roll in his mouth, spewing smoke from his mouth and nose from time to time, his eyes are deep and vicissitudes, like a nobleman in troubled times.

"Was it you kid who was cursing General Hao just now?"

A thin and wizened general drew out his knife, staggered to the boy in white, pointed at the boy in white and cursed angrily.

The young man in white turned a blind eye to the knife point that was close at hand, took the last puff of cigarette, slowly exhaled a large cluster of smoke, and asked emptyly, "So what if it is, so what if it is not?"

"Malabazi, die for me!"

When he got drunk, he couldn't help but slashed with a knife.

The prostitutes and customers around couldn't help their adrenal hormones shooting up when they saw this, and they looked forward to the thrilling scene of blood and flesh flying all over the place.

The young man in white seemed to be frightened, seeing that the knife was about to hit him, he remained motionless.

when!

At the very moment, a broad sword appeared out of nowhere, narrowly blocking Ling Lie's slashing blade.

"Wow~"

Pianjiang screamed like an electric shock, and with a shake of his hand, the sword fell to the ground with a clang.

The surrounding melon-eating crowd woke up like a dream this time, and looked in amazement at the burly man who appeared like a ghost in front of the boy in white.

"Damn it, the stubble is hard, the brothers copied the guy and did it!"

Hao Liren was instantly furious when he saw that general just now clutching his wrist and rolling and howling.

In the three-acre land in Xinglin County, he is comparable to the emperor of the land, and he is not as good as the county magistrate.

Some people dare to break ground on Tai Sui's head, no one can say, what the hell!

The generals had to be ordered, one by one with grim faces, drew their knives and rushed forward screaming.

When it comes to the outside world, this group of thieves fear the enemy like a tiger, no one can beat them, no matter if they are rebels or bandits, anyone can bully them, but if they are good people under their command, then there is nothing to say, More ferocious than wolves, tigers and leopards.

Looking at the turbulent posture of the crowd, those who didn't know it thought that the white-clothed boy and the burly man had revenge on them for killing their father.

The burly man sneered disdainfully, nailed the broadsword three feet into the ground with his backhand, turned his head and muttered to the young man in white, "Brother Yutang, let me enjoy this group of wine bags and rice bags first, and I will hand them over to you later when the villainous leader comes." .”

Yuan Yutang shrugged noncommittally, and made a gesture of respect and respect.

Yan Chixia grinned grinningly, fisted left and right, and rushed out like a tiger descending a mountain.

A person who didn't know how to live or die slashed at him with his angry eyes wide open, Yan Chixia didn't even hide, and just punched him.

Ping, pong!

It is unbelievable that the big knife forged from fine steel meets the fist of flesh and blood, and it is the blade that shatters.

Seeing such an unimaginable situation, he suddenly woke up from the wine in fright, and subconsciously wanted to escape.

Unfortunately it was too late.

Yan Chixia's punches were like lightning, and another blow smashed through the air with a heavy punch.

bump!

Gullah~

The fist as big as a clay pot smashed on the shoulder like a hammer, and the bones and tendons were instantly broken.

In the flying flesh and blood, half of her body was smashed to pieces, which shows that Yan Chixia didn't hold back at all.

What a pity to kill this group of beasts who attacked the common people?

The most frightening thing was that the unlucky ghost hadn't breathed out for a while, dragging his tattered body, crawling and howling, that scene was simply appalling.

Seeing this situation, the rest of the generals felt their scalps go numb, they were stunned for a moment, and they dropped their weapons and fled in all directions.

Yan Chixia came from a long way, where would these scumbags escape, and immediately turned into a black shadow, chasing her everywhere.

In an instant, the Yihong Building was in chaos, with screams one after another.

In less than a few breaths, Yan Chixia had chased and killed seven generals, and the last general rushed out of the gate with a sneer, but he stopped with a sneer.

Yuan Yutang smiled silently, knowing Yan Chixia's plan without even thinking about it.

Obviously, it is a long line to catch big fish, and wait for the dead species to come to rescue the soldiers before catching them all in one go.

It doesn't matter, anyway, that's what he planned.

He will not let go of any soldier with innocent blood on his hands.

But idleness is idleness, it's time to play with the culprit.

Thinking about it, he jumped down from the fence, took out two cigarettes in his arms, threw one to Yan Chixia whose hands were bloodstained, and walked towards Hao Liren, who was trembling like a partridge.

"What do you want to do? No, don't mess around! Let me tell you, killing an official of the court is a serious crime against the three clans, so don't realize it yourself!"

Hao Liren forced himself to be calm, and stammered sternly.

"It doesn't matter. I have nothing to worry about here. You can kill as many clans as you want." Yuan Yutang smiled indifferently, without any hesitation in his steps.

Seeing that the threat failed, Hao Liren's expression changed, and his next move was beyond everyone's expectations.

Plop!

He knelt down and kowtowed to beg for mercy under the eyes of everyone.

"Wuwuwu, the villain deserves to die, the villain is guilty, I don't know why I offended the majesty of the young master, I beg the young master to bypass the villain's life, the villain promises that he will not dare to appear in the young master's sight in the future~"

I have to say that there is a reason why villains live better than good people. Just being able to bend and stretch is enough to deal with most situations.

Although Hao Liren's actions were disdainful, they were extremely wise.

It's a pity that even the best way to use the wrong object is futile.

Yuan Yutang never believed in such things as prodigal sons turning back and reforming themselves.

If a few words of regret can make up for a mistake, what about the victim?

Tit for Tat, this is the real fairness!

Staring at Hao Liren, who kowtowed like a green onion, Yuan Yutang suddenly struck out, grabbed his throat, and lifted him up in the air with one hand.

"Excuse me, please forgive me~"

Yuan Yutang's hands were like iron hoops, no matter how hard Hao Liren struggled, he couldn't shake them a bit, so he could only beg for mercy with a blushing face.

"Forgive me? Why didn't you pay attention to those innocent people begging for mercy when they were facing the butcher's knife when you killed the good and pretended to be meritorious?"

Yuan Yutang replied with a smile, and Hao Liren's doubts were instantly resolved for the breathless Hao Liren.

Draft it!

These two evil stars actually came for those untouchables?

Did you make a mistake?

A group of untouchables actually have a relationship with this kind of character?

At this moment, Hao Liren regretted it immensely.

However, he didn't regret killing good people and pretending to be meritorious, but he regretted that he did it rashly without investigating the background of those untouchables, which caused trouble.

If he can live, he will definitely learn his lesson before doing this job next time, and investigate the eighteen generations of the ancestors of the untouchables before doing it.

In a word, Hao Liren's death is not a pity!

Yuan Yutang didn't have so much spare time to reform Hao Liren, and besides, he might not be able to reform himself. Instead of letting the wicked continue to harm the good, it would be better to just kill them all.

The indulgence of evil is sometimes the greatest injury to good.

Hao Liren was startled by the murderous look in Yuan Yutang's eyes, his face turned pale with shock, and he was about to continue begging for mercy.

Unexpectedly, as soon as the neck was tightened, there was a crisp click, followed by a strong sense of suffocation that overwhelmed the mind, and when the vision went dark, I didn't know anything.

Yuan Yutang snorted coldly, and threw Hao Liren, who had broken his neck, aside like trash.

At this time, Yan Chixia came leisurely and leisurely, and said with a smile, "My dear brother, isn't it a little too cheap for him to kill him so quickly?"

Yuan Yutang sighed, and said inexplicably silently, "Corrupt officials have emerged one after another these days. If one is killed today, ten will appear tomorrow. There is no end to killing them. With the strength of the two of us, how can we still kill them?" Can you turn things around?"

Yan Chixia was silent when she heard the words, and said in a deep voice after a while, "You are right, this dog is in the world!"

Crash!

At this time, the sound of dense footsteps came from the gate of Yihong Building, where the birds and beasts had already dispersed, followed by an arrogant and domineering shout:

"Listen to the traitors inside, you have been surrounded, come out immediately and catch them without a fight, or you will be killed without mercy!"

Yuan Yutang said with a blank face, "Look, when the army starts to point the butcher knife at the people and gets used to it, this country is not far from being destroyed."

Yan Chixia opened her mouth, but she was powerless to refute.

Because he knew what Yuan Yutang said was right.

The more she thought about it, the more aggrieved she became, Yan Chixia was so upset that she let out a loud cry and rushed out like a bull.

A series of screams suddenly sounded outside, followed by the sound of bowstrings breaking through the air, then the sound of swords and swords, and then the terrified screams, and finally calmed down.

Yuan Yutang sat on the ground and smoked, his eyes were empty and blurred, as if he was thinking about a long-standing problem.

Moments later, Yan Chixia, covered in blood, came back, and brought back Li Chunyi, who was in charge of searching for the whereabouts of the villagers' heads.

Seeing Li Chun's solemn expression, Yuan Yutang immediately had an ominous premonition, and immediately asked, "But something happened?"

Li Chun nodded, and said irrelevantly, "It was an accident, but I can't tell, just take a look."

Yuan Yutang didn't talk nonsense, and the three of them set off immediately.

The street outside seemed to be irrigated with flesh and blood, and there were stumps and broken arms everywhere, but the three of them turned a blind eye to it, and came all the way to the empty barracks in the Duhu camp.

Yuan Yutang only glanced at the situation in the barracks, and suddenly couldn't restrain his anger.

The heads of the people who died in vain were turned into a Beijing temple! !

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 22 Jing Guan free to read.




		