

Daoism is in this life, and Buddha is in the next life.

Among the two mainstays of the sorcerers in the world of Liaozhai, Taoism is quiet and inaction, and let nature take its course, while Buddhism uses hard work, pays attention to the cause of this life, and repays the future.

Therefore, Buddhism has always had the secret method of enlightenment, reincarnation and rebirth.

Of course, this rebirth does not refer to the reincarnation of the dead, but refers to the use of secret methods by Buddhists to store part of the cultivation base and wisdom memories of eminent monks who are about to pass away, and then find suitable people to inherit it, so it is called the reincarnation system of living Buddhas.

And the most important and crucial carrier in this special inheritance secret method is the legendary relic.

In the chaos of unforeseen disasters in Tongzhou City, the son-mother ghost grew up too fast, completely beyond everyone's expectations, and the two ghosts merged into one, breaking through to the real ghost king realm.

Even Master Nagarjuna, who is at the peak of the Vajra Realm, can't defeat the Ghost King with a relic stored in the Bodhisattva Realm.

Seeing that the ghost king is about to destroy Tongzhou, the people will be wiped out.

At the critical moment, Yuan Yutang was ordered in danger, and took the initiative to contain the power of the relic with his own body, and tried his best to kill the ghost king with all kinds of difficulties, only then did he resolve a catastrophe.

It was also because of the fierceness of this battle that the son-mother ghost contributed a full 157 points of merit to him.

With this flying merit, Yuan Yutang finally successfully activated the fifth supernatural power.

Before that, Yuan Yutang had been longing for a super-strength combat-oriented supernatural power. When the answer was revealed, he was so happy that he almost fainted.

Because this time the supernatural power is not an auxiliary supernatural power like Changing Shape and Vertical Golden Light, but a combat-oriented supernatural power like calling the wind and calling the rain-subduing the dragon and subduing the tiger!

Subdue the dragon and subdue the tiger, defeat ten times with one force, break through cleverness with force, possess the supernatural power of lifting the sky!

As soon as this supernatural power comes out, all beasts and birds in the world will surrender!

Of course, the interpretation of supernatural powers represents the highest state, and it cannot be achieved overnight.

With Yuan Yutang's current level of Taoism and practice, it is natural that he cannot display the highest power of subduing dragons and subduing tigers, but even so, it is amazing enough.

During the activation of supernatural powers, his strength can be increased tenfold.

Thinking about the concept of an instant power increase of ten times, one can imagine the power of this supernatural power.

It's a pity that there has never been a free lunch in the world. Such a powerful supernatural power naturally has its drawbacks and limitations.

Half a stick of incense!

Half a stick of incense is the limit time for him to use the supernatural power of subduing dragon and subduing tiger. Once it is exceeded, he will lose his strength and become unconscious at the slightest, and die at the worst.

Even so, he was satisfied with a powerful supernatural power for nothing.

Originally, with four and a half supernatural powers in hand (Liujia Qimen supernatural power was banned by the heavens to call the gods, and he had to break through the human fairyland to lift the ban.), Yuan Yutang was full of spirits, thinking that he was more or less number one.

It's a pity that the battle last night was like a bucket of cold water waking him up.

Arrogance is never a good thing, and the same principle applies to him.

The so-called rotten ship still has three catties of nails. The reason why the dynasties of the past dynasties have been able to rule the world for thousands of years is naturally reasonable.

Yuan Yutang underestimated the army's mass power too much.

You must know that the power of gathering the crowd is brought to the extreme, but there is a possibility of changing the world.

Moreover, if the Emperor and General had no means to check and balance the warlocks, how could he possibly be able to sleep.

So Yuan Yutang suffered a big loss.

With the cooperation of 1,500 elites, even if he used the two supernatural powers of calling the wind and calling the rain and subduing the dragon and subduing the tiger, he almost collapsed on the spot.

In the end, he could only desperately kill more than 500 people, and fled in embarrassment.

If he continues to entangle, he will undoubtedly die.

Recalling the soul-stirring experience last night, Yuan Yutang couldn't help being afraid for a while.

Especially when it comes to thinking about the heights of the heavens and the depths of the earth, and unexpectedly single-handedly broke into the army of Tu Shan's army.

At that time, the luck was very good. At that time, the army of Tu Shan's army and the garrison of Situ Shanu were in a stalemate. Any change could change the situation of the battle, and he happened to be the last straw that broke the camel's back.

If he were asked to do it all over again now, he probably wouldn't dare.

In fact, his injuries were not as serious as he had imagined. The reason why he passed out was just a sequela of the exhaustion of the supernatural power of subduing dragons and subduing tigers.

After bidding farewell to Lao Jin who was grateful, Yuan Yutang set off for Jingshan.

It was already midnight when we got back to Jingshan, and after being missing for almost a day and a night, Lanxi was already worried. When he came back, he complained for a while, and then he said nervously, "Go and see "Brother Pingtou", there is something wrong with him . "

Yuan Yutang was taken aback when he heard the words, and hurried to check the situation of "Brother Pingtou".

You must know that "Brother Pingtou" has been in a coma for more than half a year. Although the well-informed Yan Chixia once admitted that there is no need to worry, it is just the natural transformation of Thunder Badger, and it will be fine if you let it take its course.

But he regards "Brother Pingtou" as a family member, and cares about him, but now he hears that "Brother Pingtou" is in trouble, how can he be indifferent.

squeak squeak~

Before entering the room, he heard the creepy sound of electricity.

Before he could think about it, he pushed the door open.

Suddenly, an electric arc as thick as a bucket shot out.

Caught off guard, he was hit so hard that he flew upside down three feet away.

"Young master, are you alright~"

Lan Xi, who followed closely, exclaimed when she saw this, and frantically tried to help Yuan Yutang.

"Don't, don't touch me!!"

Before Lan Xi could touch him, he hurriedly stopped drinking.

Yuan Yutang struggled to get up, gritted his teeth and urged mana to disperse the remaining electric arc.

The power of thunder unconsciously emanating from "Pingtou Brother" is too fierce, even if he is hit with his current physique, he will feel overwhelmed.

Telling Lan Xi not to follow rashly, Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, and with the dual defenses of "Silence Rune Armor" and "Tai Chi Force Field", he dared to enter the sleeping room of "Brother Pingtou".

"Hiss~"

As soon as he entered, Yuan Yutang gasped in shock at what he saw.

Is this too exaggerated?

The whole room seemed to become a lightning prison, with countless twisting and dancing arcs flying wildly, and the furniture in the room had been quietly smashed to pieces.

And these frenzied electric arcs seem to be consciously suppressed in the room, otherwise, if it erupts, half of the Jingshan sect may be razed to the ground.

In the center of the terrifying Thunder Prison, Yuan Yutang could clearly see "Brother Pingtou" floating in the air, his hair changing colors from white to black to blue to green, with a large number of arcs disillusioned every time he breathed, and then unconsciously from it The growth in the body seems to be a special cycle.

Now is obviously the most critical transformation period for "Brother Pingtou". Under such circumstances, Yuan Yutang did not dare to act recklessly, for fear that an accidental mistake would make a big mistake, so he could only act in a hurry.

After thinking for a while, he suppressed his irritability and closed the door to protect the law at the door.

Lan Xi was also worried, but there was nothing he could do.

In order to relieve his irritability, Yuan Yutang chatted with Lan Xi.

After a while, he suddenly remembered why Sun Yi, Chen Changsheng and the three guardians didn't show up after such a big incident, and asked Lan Xi immediately.

"A villager from the foot of the mountain came to ask for help this morning, saying that there was something evil in the village, and all the livestock in the village were sucked dry within seven days. Uncle Sun went down the mountain to see what happened, and he hasn't come back yet. As for Mr. Chen, he , his mother passed away halfway, Shoushan Daxian personally escorted the body back, and the three guardians are accompanying him to deal with the funeral..."

After hearing Lan Xi's answer, Yuan Yutang was startled, and then fell silent.

In fact, Huang Qisu had said at the beginning that Chen Changsheng's mother was terminally ill and might not be able to survive at any time, but the old mother of the Chen family insisted on coming to Shaozhou with her child, so she had to ask Huang Qisu to personally escort and take care of her. jj.br>

I didn't expect that even Huang Qisu couldn't take care of him. It's really a matter of life and death.

If "Brother Flathead" hadn't had an accident, he would have gone to enlighten Chen Changsheng as soon as possible, but it's a pity that he can't leave now.

Birth, old age, sickness and death are the cycle of heaven, I hope Chen Changsheng will not be devastated.

Just as he was about to change the subject, unexpectedly there was a burst of heart palpitations in the room, followed by a loud bang, and the roof was instantly toppled by violent thunderbolts.

Yuan Yutang screamed, and flew over to protect Lanxi, and was immediately engulfed by the air wave mixed with a large number of electric arcs.

Xiangtan Mountain, twenty miles away from Jingshan Mountain, is the best geomantic treasure land that Huang Qisu specially searched for the old mother of the Chen family. At this time, he and three guardians of the fairy family were accompanying Chen Changsheng in hemp and mourning to deal with the funeral. He suddenly felt an unknown mana fluctuation coming from the direction of Jingshan, and immediately rushed to Jingshan without thinking about anything.

As soon as he stepped on the top of the mountain, he suddenly felt a shocking wave of fiery air coming.

"Where is the madman, dare to come to Jingshan sect to make trouble!"

Without even thinking about it, Huang Qisu opened up his aura, and immediately erected his aura field like an iron wall to block the incoming fiery air waves.

"The wind is coming!"

The diffuse dust covered everything, and Huang Qisu immediately attracted a strong wind to blow the dust away.

Huh~

When the dust from Chongxiao was blown away, Huang Qisu almost screamed out.

I saw a large group of buildings disappeared out of thin air, replaced by piles of ruins.

In a certain corner, Yuan Yutang was desperately using his bodyguard to block a large number of bricks and broken beams, protecting Lanxi below him.

Seeing this, Huang Qisu rushed to rescue him.

"Quick, leave me alone and go find Brother Pingtou! "

As soon as he was out of trouble, Yuan Yutang settled Lanxi, who was so scared that his legs were weak, and shouted to Huang Qisu impatiently.

Huang Qisu froze for a moment, then said in surprise, "You won't tell me that such a big commotion was caused by your little Thunder Badger?"

Yuan Yutang didn't answer, just pawing at the ruins anxiously.

Huang Qisu had no choice but to rummage through the ruins.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

Just as the two were rummaging in full swing, a familiar voice suddenly reached their ears.

The two hurriedly looked, and sure enough, they saw a small figure staggering towards the corner of an inconspicuous ruin.

With a naive face, black and white hair, the iconic crew cut, and those never-ending little paws, his identity is obvious.

It is the long-lost beast Thunder Badger "Brother Flathead"!

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed, rushed up and hugged "Brother Pingtou" and kissed him fiercely.

He was really frightened just now, for fear that something might happen to "Brother Pingtou".

Huang Qisu, on the other hand, stared at the "Brother Pingtou" who seemed to be fine as usual, and said to himself in shock:

"Shen Ting Zifa, Thunder Root, this is not a Thunder Badger, it is clearly..."

"It's clearly the legendary Thunder Beast!!!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter Fourteen Subduing the Dragon and Subduing the Tiger and the Thunder Beast is free to read.




		