

rumbling~

The dark sky was torn apart by violent thunder, and endless torrential rain poured down.

In the wilderness, the torrential rain curtain was smashed by a scarlet lightning, and it disappeared in a flash.

Immediately afterwards, a cyan afterimage also followed.

One in front and one behind, the two shadows raced at extreme speed on the rugged and difficult path.

Yuan Yutang was drenched by the torrential rain, holding Chitu's neck tightly with both hands, and used his weak body to build a shelter to protect Lanxi and Brother Pingtou under him from the wind and rain.

From time to time, he poked his head and looked back, but every time he turned his head, his heart became colder.

The red rabbit horse is already considered the best among horses, and it is no problem to travel thousands of miles a day.

However, the green-haired giant fox from the Qingqiu fox country is faster than the red rabbit.

After chasing for half an hour, seeing that the distance between the two was shortening continuously, Yuan Yutang saw it and was anxious in his heart.

But there is nothing to do.

Just when Yuan Yutang was about to despair, he suddenly saw the outline of a temple appearing in the rain curtain ahead.

Knowing that it would be futile to escape further, he made up his mind instantly.

"Chitu, run to that temple!"

Yuan Yutang yelled fiercely, and drank half of the rainwater while speaking.

Chitu was psychic, and immediately ran straight towards the temple.

This move was not because Yuan Yutang broke the pot, but because he was preparing to fight back!

It's only half a mile away, but it's within reach.

Only when he got closer did Yuan Yutang realize that it was a mountain temple that had been in disrepair for a long time.

Panting heavily, Chitu leaped over the high stone steps, raised his hooves and rushed towards the windy temple.

"You can't escape, hand over the princess, and leave the whole body for you!"

Just as he landed, Yuan Yutang heard a sharp roar like thunder coming from outside.

Before he had time to think about it, he quickly took out a palm-sized pocket bone shrine from his arms.

It is taken from the attic of Tianmen, and it is the most precious bone shrine of hundreds of immortals that was sacrificed by Zhuge Tianji, a strange man of a generation!

The Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals can be used regardless of whether it is cultivated or not, but at the cost of consuming lifespan.

Originally, Yuan Yutang was extremely opposed to this method of overdrawing his life in exchange for strength, but he was in a state of stretching his hips, and the giant green-haired fox was too aggressive.

As a last resort, I can only make up my mind to end it.

"The way of heaven is clear, and all things have spirits. In the name of Baixian, I order Baili Xianjia to come to my altar to wait for orders!"

"Hurry up like..."

"He Fangxiao is young, dare to disturb your grandpa Yan's sleep!"

Yuan Yutang was waiting to finish reading the last decree to launch the Temple of the Bone of the Immortals.

Suddenly, a burst of angry curses from the depths of the ruined temple interrupted his spell in an instant.

Rumble!

With this distraction, the green-haired giant fox that was chasing after him suddenly broke through the lintel of the temple, and slapped Yuan Yutang with its claws.

Yuan Yutang was shocked suddenly, knowing that it was too late to dodge, he could only grit his teeth and raised his arms to resist.

With a muffled sound, Yuan Yutang was hit by a huge force, and his whole body flew backwards like a cannonball, directly crashing into two dilapidated and moldy walls.

During the upside-down flight, Yuan Yutang felt his viscera seem to be shifted, and couldn't help but spit out a large cloud of blood mist when he opened his mouth, almost fainting directly.

Such a wild beast, how could it be humanly invincible?

Yuan Yutang's heart felt cold, and he couldn't help but slammed into a pillar.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

With his current speed, once he hits a pillar, not to mention his death, at least his tendons will be broken.

Seeing that he is about to be doomed.

A powerful big hand stretched out halfway, and suddenly touched Yuan Yutang's back, and in an instant, an ingenious softness relieved the strong inertia.

When Yuan Yutang came back to his senses, he was surprised to find that he had landed safely.

A burly figure with a sword on his back appeared inexplicably a few steps away. His broad shoulders gave people a sense of security to turn the tide. His thick black hair moved without wind, like a burning black flame.

"Xiaosheng, where did you provoke such a demon fox?"

In a daze, he asked awe-inspiringly from the burly figure with his back turned to Yuan Yutang.

Just as Yuan Yutang was about to answer, he found that the man had already rushed out.

"Forget it, since we bumped into him, no matter what you say, you won't allow the fox to be aggressive!"

"Prajna Paramita, Demon Subduing Vajra Palm!"

In an instant, the dark ruined temple was illuminated by the dazzling Buddha light, and the looming Sanskrit singing was endless, and a giant golden palm suddenly slapped the giant green-haired fox that was chasing after him.

The fur of the giant green-haired fox stood on end, as if encountering a natural enemy, it madly slammed into the giant golden palm.

Boom~

As if the air had exploded, an invisible air wave spread rapidly, and all the doors and windows that were still in the ruined temple were shattered.

"Wow~"

The giant green-haired fox flexibly flipped and landed in the air, crawling on the ground as if facing a formidable enemy.

The mysterious man's Dharma is so deep that he can't help but feel a little jealous if he is as arrogant as he is.

"Hahaha~"

The burly man laughed wildly, and shouted vigorously, "Even if you have some sharp eyesight as a monster, you know that Grandpa Yan is not easy to mess with. If that's the case, why don't you retreat quickly?"

"Huh~" The green-haired giant fox bared its teeth and roared in a low voice, its front paws left deep marks on the ground, obviously unwilling to let Yuan Yutang and Lanxi go.

Good words of persuasion were fruitless, and the burly man was not used to the green-haired giant fox, so he showed his power again.

"Well, you are a blind beast, it's rare for your grandpa Yan to let you go. Since you don't want to go, then stay forever!"

"Sword!"

Before he finished speaking, a beam of light and shadow shot out like a rainbow piercing the sun, turned into a zigzag lightning bolt, and shot towards the giant green-haired fox.

The giant green-haired fox suddenly widened its eyes, and when he realized it, the light and shadow were already within a square inch.

Sensing the breath of death, the giant green-haired fox didn't dare to hold back any more, and the three big plush tails moved instantly.

'Charm Purgatory'!

'Dementor's voice'!

'Sword forest and sword rain'!

The green-haired giant fox's three deadly supernatural powers were cast at the same time, suddenly forming a special field, which can barely block the whistling light and shadow.

At this time, Yuan Yutang was able to see clearly that the light and shadow was actually a two-handed sword with a simple shape.

"Hey, there are so many tricks, since you like to play, then your grandpa Yan will make more fire!"

"Heaven and earth are boundless, and the universe borrows the law!"

"Palm Thunder!"

rumbling~

A thunderbolt exploded in the ruined temple, and Yuan Yutang's eyes were stung by the strong light, and he covered his eyes and rolled in pain.

As the thunder held his breath, he seemed to hear the sound of something heavy collapsing the wall and going away at an extremely fast speed.

Resisting the pain and opening his eyes, Yuan Yutang was startled.

Suddenly a picture appeared in front of my eyes

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The beard is chaotic, resembling the rough face of a savage.

"Haha, what a handsome young man, he has the demeanor of our old Yan back then. Don't be afraid, that demon fox has already run away." My family seems to have seen you take out a pocket bone ancestral hall, can you borrow it to have a look?"

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and before he could react, he suddenly felt light in his arms, and saw the shrine of the bones of the immortals had fallen into the palm of the strong man.

The rough ore man didn't ask for it, and he didn't feel ashamed. He was playing and looking at the priceless treasure of the Hundred Immortals' Bone Shrine, his eyes sparkled, and he said in admiration:

"The aura of this thing is far above the heaven-level magic weapon. With our old Yan's eyesight, we can't see the specific level. It is really magical, and it also emits a lingering complex resentment. I am afraid it will be unknown."

Yuan Yutang was terrified, he felt that this rough and strong man was extremely dangerous, even no less than Naimertai, even the mighty green-haired giant fox was no match for him.

If the rough and strong man has evil thoughts in his heart and wants to kill people and seize treasures, he has no room to resist.

When he was worrying about gains and losses, he saw the strong man curling his lips, throwing the ancestral bones of the immortals in his hand back to Yuan Yutang as if he lost interest, and said regretfully, "If we guessed correctly, this treasure must be related to the immortals. It has something to do with our family. Although the baby is good, but it doesn’t match our family’s Taoism, I’ll give it back to you!”

Yuan Yutang stared blankly at the lost and recovered Hundred Immortals' Bone Shrine, a little unbelievable that the rough and strong man returned the treasure to him so easily.

If it were him, he couldn't guarantee that he would be able to resist the temptation of the treasure, even if he couldn't use it.

It can only be said that the rough and strong man is a bit too upright.

"Master, son, are you alright~"

Lan Xi suddenly timidly hugged the sleeping 'Brother Pingtou' and walked over, looking at Yuan Yutang with teary eyes.

Seeing Lan Xi suddenly, the thick and strong man was stunned for a moment, as if shocked by her beauty, then his thick eyebrows were furrowed, and his dark pupils seemed to be flickering with strange lights.

"Hey, bold witch! Our family can tell at a glance that you are not human, so die!"

Suddenly, the strong man jumped up suddenly, and with a flick of his sword finger, the sword in both hands was unsheathed in an instant, turning into a rainbow of light and shooting at the astonished Lanxi.

"Ah~ don't~" Lan Xi was like a frightened little rabbit, frightened out of his wits.

Seeing that Lanxi was about to die, a white palm descended like a magic weapon, covering the tip of the galloping sword halfway.

The thick and strong man was stunned suddenly, and asked suspiciously, "Xiaosheng, why did you prevent us from killing the demon? Could it be that you were fascinated by that demon girl?"

You don't need to ask to know that there are no three people present besides Yuan Yutang who can intercept the two-handed sword halfway.

Yuan Yutang's face was pale, with blood oozing from his mouth and nose, and his palms were cut with blood by the sword edge. He said with a wry smile, "Senior, this girl has a life-long relationship with the poor, and she has never done anything wrong. Senior, please hold your hand high, and don't accidentally injure innocent people." .”

"Hey!"

Hearing the words, the rough and strong man immediately looked anxious, and said angrily, "You are still a Taoist, don't you know the truth about the different ways of monsters? You dare to defend the witch in front of us, but you won't let Yan Chixia go!" In your eyes?"

As he spoke, he was about to drive the sword and grind Yuan Yutang's palm into a meat paste.

Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang's reaction was bigger than his. Like seeing a ghost, he couldn't help shouting, "You, what did you just say? You are Yan Chixia?"

The rough and strong man frowned displeasedly, and said arrogantly, "Is there anyone in the world who dares to pretend to be us? Keep your eyes open and recognize your grandpa Yan Chixia!"

Yuan Yutang was dazed for a moment, unable to calm down for a long time.

In the world of "A Chinese Ghost Story", Yan Chixia, the ceiling of combat power, was actually met by herself. Is it a blessing or a curse?

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		