

"Don't try to run, just stand there and let me kill you!"

Yuan Yutang, who was traveling through the woods, suddenly heard a thunderous roar from behind, and the next moment a ball of fire the size of a water tank suddenly struck.

At the critical moment, a golden light flashed on Yuan Yutang's body, and he appeared several feet away out of thin air.

boom!

Five or six big trees, the size of two people's arms, missed the auxiliary vehicle, and were blown to pieces by the rapid fireball.

Before the Mars subsided, another large swath of frost rushed in.

In an instant, the woods seemed to enter a chaotic area, and all kinds of incredible natural disasters were rampant.

Yuan Yutang didn't say a word, while trying to avoid the attack, he quickly ran deep into the woods.

With his current strength, it is impossible to defeat those two furious fox demons teaming up.

Although it is said that his extreme combat power is comparable to that of ordinary human immortals, but being comparable does not mean that he can really be an enemy of a big monster that is comparable to human fairyland.

Human immortals or great demon realms are watersheds for life to leap forward. Although the treasure "Tiangang Secret Art" raises the ceiling of Yuan Yutang's combat power, it cannot forcibly smooth out the differences between him and those high-level life forms.

Unless he persuaded Lan Kun, the ancient demon king who lives in Lingtai, to take action, or the Holy Artifact Bright Cross that once killed immortals in the Prisoner's Cave, or the golden talisman that once repelled the eight-faced Buddha clone of Moqing in the secret realm of the Tianmen Attic "Thunder Pond Absolute Evil Talisman".

Unfortunately, none of the above methods are possible.

So he can only avoid his edge and try to make big things happen.

And the path of his escape was not chosen at random.

He has led those two fox demons to the boundary of Lanruo Temple.

According to the recent danger level of Lanruo Temple, there must be some surprises.

Only magic can defeat magic, this is his wishful thinking.

He planned to let the fox demon and the monsters in Lanruo Temple kill each other, and finally the fisherman would benefit.

The idea is good, but his heart is getting heavier and heavier.

It was obvious that he was about to approach Lanruo Temple, but the monster hiding in it didn't respond at all, which seemed to cast a shadow over his heart.

Up to now, there is no way out, and there is only one way to go to the dark.

Once again narrowly escaped the gust of wind from the fox demon, and when he was about to flee again, an unexpected change occurred.

I saw that the ground, which was solid and hard just a second ago, suddenly became soft and rotten, as if falling into a swamp, and half of Yuan Yutang's body fell into the ground all of a sudden.

Sudden strange encounter, Yuan Yutang was not worried but happy, because he felt an unusual evil spirit coming from the ground.

I am not afraid of monster attacks, but I am most afraid that monsters will not take the bait.

The powerful monster who is new to Lanruo Temple finally made a move.

"He Fangxiao is young, that kid belongs to us, get out!"

Before Yuan Yutang could get out of the swamp, the two fox demons who were chasing after him also rushed to kill them. When they saw a monster daring to prey on them, they were furious, and the six tails behind them trembled at the same time. Like a meteorite falling from the sky, it smashed into the quagmire irresistibly.

Boom!

Just like the bombardment of thunder, the mud splashed in an instant, the wind destroyed the trees, and two huge vacuum zones with a diameter of tens of feet were blasted in the swamp.

A blessing in disguise, Yuan Yutang also took the east wind, took the opportunity to get rid of the shackles of the swamp, jumped up the crown of the tree and fled quickly.

"What a fox demon who doesn't know how to behave, I'm kind enough to help you intercept the enemy, how dare you repay your kindness?"

At this time, there was an angry roar from under the turbulent swamp, followed by two extremely thick tentacle lightning strikes, respectively drawing towards the two fox demons.

The six tails of the green-gold demon fox transformed by the glamorous woman vibrated together, and an invisible qi gang was generated in vain, barely blocking the tentacle whip, and then flew into a rage, "Qingqiu fox is doing things, do you need to meddle in your own business?"

The demon under the swamp snorted coldly, and said angrily, "It is rumored that the Qingqiu fox is arrogant and rude, and now it is true after seeing it. Since you don't know good and bad, then don't blame me for being rude, just watch!"

As soon as the words fell, the swamp suddenly boiled, and in an instant, countless tentacles covered with mud rushed over the sky and covered the sky.

Although the two Qingqiu fox demons are arrogant and rude, it doesn't mean that they are all mentally retarded.

Seeing the menacing approach of the tentacles, it felt like a formidable enemy.

The blue demon fox transformed by the handsome man growled lowly in his throat, his hair stood up like a hedgehog, and the evil spirit in his body surged like a river, and suddenly one of its tails suddenly lit up with a gloomy orchid light.

"Dare to offend the noble Qingqiu fox, use your humble life to wash away your sins!"

"Sky Fox Supernatural Power - Guardian of the Blood Beast!"

Suddenly, Youlan Haoguang exploded suddenly, and a blood-red, lion-like beast with wings on its back took shape instantly, and it rushed towards the surging tentacles with its teeth and claws.

Legend has it that Qingqiu foxes are all descendants of the peerless monster nine-tailed fox. They are born with supernatural bloodlines. As long as they practice step by step, there is no bottleneck at all before the demon king.

Every hundred years of practice can give birth to a tail, and each tail represents a unique supernatural power.

And the blue fox demon's supernatural power to protect the blood beast is even more extraordinary, it is a kind of vicious supernatural power that kills the enemy and defends the soul.

The blood beast mad lion was also a well-known murderer during his lifetime, but unfortunately he was designed to be killed by the blue demon fox. After his death, he could not live in peace.

When the blood beast mad lion flapped its wings, it ignited a boundless sea of ​​flames, opened its huge mouth, spewed out bitter frost, and waved its sharp claws, bringing forth thunder.

The fire is burning and freezing, and the thunder is overwhelming. Even with the huge number of tentacles, it is difficult to parry for a while, and it will be defeated in an instant.

"Ah~ Damn it!"

The method was broken, and the monster under the swamp couldn't sit still. After a roar, a huge vortex appeared in the endless mire, and immediately after that, he saw a huge monster in heavy armor with fangs like knives. The terrifying giant crocodile got out of it, and rushed towards the two fox demons like the earth was shaking.

The green-gold demon fox smiled contemptuously, and said mockingly, "Where is the slave, who dares to catch my Qingqiu fox's attention, but I didn't expect it to be a lowly swamp iron crocodile!"

After hearing this, the terrifying giant crocodile jumped into a rage, and roared, "I am the same big monster as you, dare to humiliate me with rude words, today either you will die, or I will die!"

The next moment, the three big monsters fought into a group, and the sky and the earth turned pale, the sun and the moon dimmed, as if the end of the world was coming.

Yuan Yutang, who was hiding in the distance, had a panoramic view of this rare scene.

Forcibly suppressing his beating heart, Yuan Yutang's scalp was numb, and he quickly slipped away before being discovered.

Just as he expected, the rebellious Qingqiu fox looked down on all creatures in the world except their own kind, especially when it was furious, which conflicted with the demons entrenched here.

And that terrifying giant crocodile also has bad intentions, the reason why it attacked Yuan Yutang sneakily, its ultimate goal is probably to plot against the two fox demons.

So this scuffle was completely expected by Yuan Yutang.

It's just that he didn't expect the strength of the three big monsters to be as strong as a fellow.

This is no longer a level of combat that he can intervene in, at least not now.

While running and thinking wildly, suddenly a hand suddenly covered Yuan Yutang's mouth, and before he could struggle, he suddenly pulled him into the tree hole.


		