

Taikang eighteen years, May twenty-first.

summer solstice.

When the summer solstice arrives, it means that midsummer is coming.

In the early morning, the sun can't wait to radiate scorching heat shortly after it rises, cicadas and insects are singing and falling, and the breeze is gentle.

There is an old pool hidden in the back of Jingshan Mountain, the water is not dry all the year round, and its depth is unfathomable.

At this time, the outside world is extremely hot, but the surrounding area of ​​Laotan is as cool as autumn, which is a rare and good place to escape the summer heat.

There is a small waterfall above the old pool, sloping down from a cliff more than ten feet high.

Although the waterfall is small, it is full of momentum and thrilling to watch.

Under the rushing water, there was a huge stone that had been polished to a roundness. Yuan Yutang sat cross-legged in it, letting the torrent beat him.

After half an hour, he suddenly opened his eyes, and there seemed to be a gleam of light in his pupils.

Immediately, he stood up abruptly, his momentum was like a rainbow, his body was like a swimming dragon, and he practiced boxing in the rapid bath.

His breath is as long as a ten thousand year old tortoise. Although his movements are not fast, they are very rhythmic. His punches and kicks seem to be natural. If outsiders see it, they will definitely feel pleasing to the eye.

Suddenly, he changed from the melodious before, and his fists became fierce and vigorous. In an instant, his momentum was extremely high. Fan Ruo's thousands of troops fought against each other, and his tragic breath even blocked the flow of the waterfall.

"Fist Gang"!

The fairy asks the way!

Beidou ecstasy!

Fifteen rolls of chasing souls!

Tai Chi force field!

The wrath of the gods!

He rehearsed the five major killer moves one by one in one go, the surging momentum was like a volcanic eruption, and it was out of control. The strong wind raged within half a mile, and the waterfall flowed backwards, just like the scene of a natural disaster.

After rehearsing the five ultimate moves, Yuan Yutang seemed to be unsatisfied, his heart and mind agreed, he walked freely, and continued to move naturally.

Soaring into the air, he struck dense fist shadows like splashing water.

"Fist Gang" - the leader of group attack skills, Dou Xingyun!

It is mysterious without a trace, appearing in a flash, and can be hundreds of meters away with a single blow.

"Fist Gang" - Assassination skills without a trace!

Gathering power into one, ten times the explosion, breaking the sky.

"Fist Gang" - the ultimate skill of gathering dragons!

Created three new tricks, even if it is as strong as Yuan Yutang, he feels that his physical strength is exhausted and he is forced to return to reality from the special state of overwhelming inspiration. He takes a long breath, the breath is as long as a sword, and pierces the water waterfall.

"Huh~"

It will be over when the exuberant qi and blood calm down.

The bottleneck that had troubled him for half a month finally broke through naturally, and he got three new tricks. Yuan Yutang was so excited that he almost couldn't help shouting.

After resting for a while, he reluctantly returned to the sect.

"Young master, have you finished your morning class?"

As soon as he entered the mountain gate, a cheerful and pretty figure suddenly rushed towards him.

Looking at Lan Xi's beautiful smiling face, Yuan Yutang felt happier unconsciously.

No wonder men like beautiful women, even if he doesn't have the slightest idea of ​​Lanxi, he is satisfied simply by seeing the beautiful face that brings disaster to the country and the people.

The two went up the mountain hand in hand, and on the way they met Chen Changsheng, who was also sweating profusely after returning from practicing sword.

Different from Yuan Yutang's laziness, Chen Changsheng worked diligently no matter whether it was Jingshan Sect's top school "Li Huo Burning the Sky Law Code" or Qingtian Peak's basic swordsmanship, grasping with both hands.

After this period of hard training, Chen Changsheng finally broke through the shackles of the day after tomorrow and officially entered the ranks of warlocks.

It's just that the sudden death of his mother still caused him a lot of blows. Until now, he has not been able to completely get out of the shadows, and he seems a little depressed.

Facing Lanxi's enthusiastic greeting, Chen Changsheng just nodded calmly and responded.

Yuan Yutang didn't have much to do about this, he could only silently support Chen Changsheng, believing that he could get out of the shadows as soon as possible by relying on his own strength.

Along the way, Lanxi kept chattering about the interesting and beautiful scenery around Jingshan, like a happy bird, but it was a pity that the two people around her had their own thoughts and wasted her kindness.

Needless to say, Chen Changsheng, Yuan Yutang was a little worried.

This worry has plagued him for more than a month.

Ever since he killed Yang Kai, the commander-in-chief of the Kuizi Battalion, and more than 500 sergeants, he has been guarding against revenge from the government.

Originally, the commander-in-chief guarding a state said he was not big or small, and his sudden death for no apparent reason would definitely cause the government to go to war.

Moreover, there were still about a thousand sergeants alive at that time, and his information must not be concealed under the eyes of everyone.

He was ready for a counterattack.

As a result, more than a month has passed, but the arrival of the army he expected has been delayed, and he can't help but feel a stick in his throat.

And the most important thing is that a piece of information that Sun Yi told him when he came back made him even more restless.

It is said that at that time, Sun Yi met Scott, the former light knight who was possessed by a vampire by mistake, and was begged by a mysterious man when his life was hanging by a thread.

Scott seemed to be very afraid of the mysterious man, so he retreated directly.

Although the mysterious person did not show up, Sun Yi saw through the identity of the mysterious person.

It was clearly the foreign woman Monica who returned with Baili Yinghua back then.

I don't know what's going on, but Monica's strength seems to have improved by leaps and bounds, and the sword that saved him has obviously reached the strength of the fairyland.

When Yuan Yutang heard the news, he couldn't help but feel a headache.

He couldn't forget Monica's determination for the Bright Cross, how could she sleep with such a religious fanatic who was suspected of being a fairy secretly coveting her.

No, the problem has to be solved once and for all, whether it is the aftereffect of killing Yang Kai or Monica, it has to be solved!

Having made a decision, he explained it after breakfast, took "Brother Pingtou", rode on a red rabbit horse, and hurried down the mountain.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

"Brother Pingtou" is still a snack as always, his two little paws seem to never fail, and he holds a fruit anytime, anywhere and licks it happily.

Under the scorching sun, Yuan Yutang seemed to see its soft hair mixed with gold, maybe it was an illusion.

Could it be that this snack is really the legendary Thunder Beast with the ability to fight ghosts and gods?

With doubts, Yuan Yutang came to Shaozhou City.

As always, he lined up to enter the city to pay taxes and enter the city according to the rules. First, he rushed to the official announcement board at the gate of the city.

The official list is an ancient government's measure to publicize information, which is equivalent to a modern bulletin board. Generally, important news will be posted here as soon as possible.

In Yuan Yutang's mind, as long as the government took any action against him, it would definitely be made public in the official list and occupy the righteous name.

Unfortunately, he is doomed to disappointment.

The information released by the Shaozhou government in the past month has nothing to do with him at all.

Looking carefully at the information from a month ago, a notice in fine print suddenly caught his attention.

[On April 14th of the 18th year of Taikang, Ding, a soldier of the Kuizi Battalion in Shaozhou, caused an explosion in the arsenal due to improper operation. A total of 535 people including Yang Kai, the general soldier, died unfortunately. The following is the list of victims... ...]

Below is a series of names.

Seeing this announcement that was about to be overshadowed by other announcements, Yuan Yutang's mind fluctuated for a while.

Someone actually helped him cover up the truth of Yang Kai's death?

Who is that man?

Why do you want to do this?

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang breathed a sigh of relief, but also faintly felt uneasy.

Puzzled, in the end he could only blame it on the consequences of political games.

After all, storytelling requires logic, and it is not surprising that anything involving political games, no matter how absurd.

Anyway, as long as he doesn't disturb his peaceful life, it doesn't matter what his intentions are.

Yuan Yutang looked extraordinarily relaxed after one matter of his mind was resolved.

I looked at the time and found that it was almost noon.

"Brother Pingtou" also ate up all the fruits, and was lethargic by the sun.

After thinking about it, he decided to find a place to settle his lunch, and by the way, add some food to his pet. jj.br>

Randomly asked a few passers-by about some good places to eat in the city. Unexpectedly, the passers-by who were difficult to agree with each other rarely agreed on it. At the same time, they recommended Zuixianju in the city, which aroused Yuan Yutang's interest.

After asking about the route, he set off immediately, wanting to see what is so special about the food at Zuixianju recommended by everyone.

Originally, he was mentally prepared for the booming business of Zuixianju, but when it really arrived, the popularity was beyond Yuan Yutang's expectation.

The lobby of Zuixianju was actually overcrowded, and the diners queuing up for a table actually lined up across the street. Yuan Yutang had only seen this scene at the Spring Festival travel ticket buying site on Earth, and almost thought he had traveled back to Earth again.

Seeing so many people, Yuan Yutang, who was slightly socially phobic, retreated a bit.

But before he could take a step, a strange fragrance was sent into his nostrils along with the wind.

The old diners who lined up under the scorching sun to have a good meal also smelled the strange fragrance, and discussed intoxicatedly one by one:

"This kind of wonderful fragrance should only be found in the sky, and it is rare to see it in the world."

"It must be Chef Zhao who is in charge of cooking. I don't know who is lucky enough to taste such a delicacy."

"I've smelled this smell last time, it's the smell of Chef Zhao's specialty Baifeng Zhaoxia, it's absolutely unmistakable!"

"I'm really envious of others~"

Yuan Yutang was surprised, and couldn't help asking, "Brothers, I just heard what you said. It seems that Chef Zhao in this restaurant is very skilled. He opened the door to do business. Do you want to eat his own cooking?" Is the dish difficult?"

The diners who were drooling in the discussion all showed foolish eyes when they heard the words, and replied angrily:

"It looks like you're from out of town, you've never even heard of Chef Zhao's famous name!"

"Chef Zhao is the light of our Shaozhou. Who among the orthodox Shaozhou people is not proud to eat the dishes cooked by Chef Zhao himself?"

"That's right, Chef Zhao is a famous chef in the court. The three generations of emperors love to eat his dishes. If he is not too old, the current emperors would not be willing to let him go back to his hometown!"

"Zuixianju was opened by Chef Zhao. He is a highly respected old man. Who dares to order him to cook for himself? If you want to taste his craftsmanship, you can only spend here every day. When he is in the mood, you can taste even the emperor's praise. The world is delicious~」

Yuan Yutang couldn't help clicking his tongue secretly, and at the same time changed his mind.

Anyway, it's all here, so you might as well try your luck and see if you can see the craftsmanship of the famous court chef who conquered three generations of emperors one after another.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 16 Hidden dangers and famous chefs are free to read.




		