

As the saying goes, February day, baby face.

A second ago it was a bright sunny day with bright sun, and in a blink of an eye it was covered with dark clouds. Snowflakes the size of goose feathers mixed with raindrops the size of beans fell from the sky one after another, and the sky and the earth paled in an instant.

A person rode hurriedly through the rain and rushed into a dilapidated temple on the side of the road.

"Huh~"

Yuan Yutang got off his horse and shook the coir raincoat vigorously, and the icy rain fell off like a bead curtain with broken strings.

Fortunately, Huang Pizi prepared the rain gear thoughtfully, otherwise he would have to become drowned again.

Moreover, the transportation horse is also very docile, and can go on the road smoothly without much skill, which greatly facilitates Yuan Yutang who has hardly ridden a horse before.

However, he knew nothing about this strange world, so he could only try his luck to find a random direction, hoping to find the villagers as soon as possible to inquire and replenish supplies.

After wandering around like headless flies for a few days, I found the traces of the village.

It's a pity that the villages he met along the way were all deserted, and he couldn't find anyone when he tried to ask for directions.

With a faint sigh, Yuan Yutang cheered up and put his beloved horse in place first.

This horse is different from ordinary short-footed horses, its shoulder height is half a head higher than Yuan Yutang's today, and its whole body is red, like a burning flame. Yuan Yutang directly named it Chitu.

After setting up the red rabbit, he immediately entered the ruined temple.

I don’t know how long this dilapidated temple has been left unattended. It is surrounded by cobwebs, the walls are full of cracks, weeds are knee-high on the ground, the window frames and door panels have long since disappeared, and the altars with broken legs are piled up with fingers. There was thick dust, and a clay sculpture whose original appearance could not be seen clearly was lying in the weeds.

Fortunately, it is still dry and sheltered from the rain, barely enough for a rest.

Yuan Yutang took a few casual glances, and was about to pick up some dry grass and firewood to make a fire to keep warm.

Inadvertently, out of the corner of his eye, he suddenly caught a glimpse of a figure shaking in the corner, and was immediately taken aback.

Looking up quickly, she found a thin, yellow-faced young village woman in plain clothes, curled up and trembling like a frightened rabbit, holding a frightened little boy in her arms, and the two looked at Yuan Yutang with fear in their eyes.

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a while, but immediately felt relieved.

I thought that I must have come here uninvited, scaring the mother and son who already lived here.

Putting his expression on straight, recalling the costume dramas he had watched, Yuan Yutang bowed his hands solemnly and said, "My sister-in-law, I don't mean anything malicious. It's just that I encountered snow and rain on the road, so I just want to take advantage of the expensive place to take a rest , if there is any offense, please bear with me."

Unexpectedly, the mother and son were even more terrified after hearing this.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but smiled wryly, thinking to himself that there was no reason, he was just a young lady of twelve or thirteen years old, so he wouldn't scare the mother and child like this, right?

After thinking about it, he decided to have something affordable.

He dug out two big grain pancakes from his carry-on bag, and Yuan Yutang stopped five steps away from his mother and son. He tried his best to show the kindest smiling face, and said sincerely, "It's really my fault for disturbing the two of you. Take the cake as an apology, and please accept it with a smile."

Sure enough, as soon as the big cake came out, the expression of mother and child changed suddenly, especially the little boy, who swallowed his saliva and looked at Yuan Yutang eagerly.

However, what he didn't notice was that there seemed to be a fierce light in the eyes of the mother and child.

"Pfft~"

Suddenly, there was a burst of laughter from above the beams of the house.

Immediately afterwards, a black shadow suddenly descended from the sky, standing between Yuan Yutang and the pair of mother and child.

Yuan Yutang was taken aback. Looking carefully, the person who came was a scruffy old man with white beard and hair, wearing a Baina Taoist robe, a gourd and a bong hanging from his waist.

The so-called Baina Taoist robe means a tattered Taoist robe full of patches.

"You have a kind heart, baby, but it's a pity that your kindness is misplaced, you have eyes but no eyes~" the sloppy old man sneered with disdain while picking his nostrils.

Yuan Yutang was confused, thinking that he was kind to others, could it be wrong?

Soon the old man gave the answer.

The sloppy old man turned around suddenly, and yelled at the poor mother and son with a raised eyebrow, "You wandering ghosts, in broad daylight, knowing that the Lord is here and still wanting to harm people? Get out of here!"

As soon as the words fell, a scene that shocked Yuan Yutang's eyes happened immediately.

After the mother and child were reprimanded, they both screamed in shock, and then they turned into a puff of green smoke and burrowed into the wall, leaving behind two dead bones, one big and one small, embracing each other.

"Fuck!"

Yuan Yutang was taken aback by this scene, and sat down on the ground, bursting out all the national curses from his previous life in a hurry.

The slovenly old man caressed his beard triumphantly, squinted at the blue-faced Yuan Yutang and said, "Do you understand now? The ghost mother and son are really afraid of me! It is said that people do not harm ghosts, but ghosts harm people's hearts. These pickled bastards will not give you a high hand because of your kindness, if you hadn’t met this Daoist today, even if you didn’t die, you would have to peel off your skin!”

After a while, Yuan Yutang regained his strength.

The first encounter with a ghost in my life was in broad daylight, and it would be nonsense to say that I am not afraid.

But after the fear passed, it was relieved.

After all, in this unknown ancient world, there are even wampeskin essences, so it is not uncommon for ghosts to exist.

When he came back to his senses, Yuan Yutang found that the slovenly old man had built a bonfire and was comfortably roasting two large pancakes on a wooden stick.

The corners of Yuan Yutang's mouth twitched a few times, because the pancake came from his luggage.

Standing up and tidying up his clothes, Yuan Yutang bowed to the sloppy old Taoist priest and sincerely thanked him, "Thank you Taoist priest for saving your life."

The sloppy old Taoist smiled, and waved his hands in a very universal manner, "I don't like vain people. If you really want to thank me, then share half of the dry food with me. Also, I am missing a big cloak to keep out the cold. Your luggage Give me the spare cloak in the Taoist priest as well."

Yuan Yutang was speechless for a while, the slovenly old man would have already searched through his luggage for a while.

Knowing kindness and repaying is Yuan Yutang's tenet that he has always believed in, and he agrees to the "unreasonable demands" of the sloppy old man.

The sloppy old man picked up a good cloak and a few days' rations for nothing, and couldn't help but smile.

"Oh, what are you doing standing up, the pancake is almost baked, hurry up and eat it while it's hot."

Yuan Yutang chuckled, didn't say much, sat down and ate with the sloppy old man.

After eating, the slovenly old man patted his belly contentedly, untied his wine gourd, took a sip happily, took another puff of tobacco, and muttered with a smile on his face, "Take a sip of wine after dinner, and another pack of cigarettes. Miaozai~"

Smelling the familiar smell of tobacco, Yuan Yutang stretched his neck involuntarily, the craving for cigarettes in his heart was immediately aroused, and he looked eagerly at the sloppy old man smoking with his legs crossed.

Seeing this, the sloppy old Taoist couldn't help laughing and cursing, "You don't learn well at such a young age, don't dream, this bong is my Taoist treasure, anyone who touches me will be in a hurry!"

Yuan Yutang looked away in disappointment, as an old smoker for more than ten years, it is really difficult to get addicted to cigarettes.

"What's your baby's name? Why do you linger alone in the bitter cold place outside the Great Wall?" The sloppy old man sat up cross-legged after smoking a cigarette, and asked inadvertently.

"Next to Yuan Yutang, I have met the Taoist priest." Yuan Yutang paused, but did not answer why he appeared here alone.

You can't tell the truth, you somehow traveled here, right?

The sloppy old man didn't care, but suddenly asked a question that made Yuan Yutang puzzled, "Boy, I think you seem to be born with yin and yang eyes, at what age did you start?"

Seeing Yuan Yutang's confused look, the sloppy old man curled his lips in disappointment, and muttered, "Forget it, you're so stupid, I guess I don't know, so it's useless to ask."

Yuan Yutang could only giggle silly.

The sloppy old Taoist rolled his eyes, and said suddenly, "My Dao master, Daoist Yujizi, is the head of the Zhushan Sect, a branch of the Sanmao Sect, one of the five mountains and seven sects. I see that you have a lot of potential for cultivation. Master Dao, am I your teacher?"

Yuan Yutang was taken aback when he heard the words, he couldn't keep up with the sloppy old way of thinking.

However, Yuan Yutang's hesitation seemed reluctant to the sloppy old Taoist, and his expression changed immediately, and he snorted, "You child, you don't know what is good and what is bad! How many people begged to let Daoye take me under the door, Daoye I'm not happy yet! You're good, you don't even know how to cherish the fairy fate that comes to your door! That's all, just be a Daoist and I'll fart!"

After finishing speaking, he lay down on the spot, with his back turned to Yuan Yutang, sulking.

Yuan Yutang: ...


There was nothing to say all night, and the snow and rain gradually stopped early the next morning.

The sloppy old man woke up and found that Yuan Yutang was no longer in the house. When he went out to have a look, he saw him punching in the open space in front of the door.

Yuan Yutang relaxed his body, crossed his arms in front of the front door, withdrew his left foot and slightly bent his right foot to the ground, looking like a bow and arrow, as calm as a virgin.

Suddenly, with a punch, the scattered snowflakes falling along the way suddenly exploded.

Immediately, he sprang out vigorously like a leopard, and punched, elbows, knees, and legs like splashing water, turning into whip shadows in the air that were hard to distinguish with the naked eye, and made waves of violent wind.

His momentum was high, and every time he moved, he was like a tiger leaping over a lion, and an extremely fierce killing atmosphere overflowed, which was very visually impactful.

After practicing one hundred and eight pure ancient muay thai routines, Yuan Yutang suppressed the boiling blood in his body, retracted his fists and stood up.

"Good boxing, such a fierce and powerful foreign boxing! Forgive the old man for his clumsy eyesight, but I didn't realize that your child's boxing has already entered the room."

The sloppy old man seemed like a child at heart, he was only angry with Yuan Yutang last night, and when he woke up he pretended nothing happened, seeing his skillful boxing skills, he couldn't help clapping his hands and applauding him.

Yuan Yutang raised his hand to wipe the sweat from his forehead, and said with a light smile, "Master Yuji, good morning, I've prepared breakfast, you can enjoy it after you wash up."

In his previous life, Yuan Yutang was a technical geek. Apart from developing programs, his only hobby was to be obsessed with martial arts. He was lucky enough to meet a Muay Thai master when he was studying, and he was able to learn the most authentic ancient Muay Thai. Since then, he has practiced tirelessly for more than ten years. , His strength is so strong that even seven or eight big guys can't get close to him.

The habit of self-discipline has been deeply rooted in the bone marrow. Even in the first few days after traveling here, Yuan Yutang still persisted in practicing boxing every day.

After the two had breakfast, Yuan Yutang picked up a broken table leg, found an open space outside the temple, and started digging.

The sloppy old man watched Yuan Yutang busy with his work with great interest, but did not speak.

After digging to a satisfactory depth, Yuan Yutang went back to the temple to pick up the two dead bones hugging each other and buried them.

After burying the bones, the slovenly old man came to Yuan Yutang, looked at him with difficulty, and said in a deep voice, "You child, you are born with a heart of a Bodhisattva, the ghost mother and son just wanted to harm you , but you repay their grievances with kindness and help them dig their bones into the ground."

"Forget it, you go back."

After Yuan Yutang backed away, the sloppy old man straightened his expression, solemnly and solemnly squeezed the formula, and chanted in an obscure tone:

"Men and women, wild ghosts and wandering souls... cross the mortal world, like floating clouds, leave no traces... leave no love, leave no hatred, leave no traces..."

This is the Taoist secret soul-salvation mantra. The ghost mother and son appeared in the mantra, with peaceful faces. After paying respects to the two, they disappeared into the air immediately.

In his arms, the little booklet was slightly warm, "One more merit..."


		