

Night, at midnight.

The city of Yuezhou is still lit like a dragon, singing and carrying things.

No one knows how thrilling and frightening happened tonight.

In the lobby of a remote inn in a remote corner of the city, two people sat facing each other.

Naimertai held a jar of wine and drank it with his head tilted up. The yellow and turbid wine soaked his clothes along his chin and didn't care. He was so proud that he couldn't tell.

"Ha~"

When the jar was drained, Namurtai slammed the empty jar on the table, wiped away the traces of wine casually, exhaled a sigh of relief, and laughed heartily, "I'm so happy, I haven't touched alcohol for a few months, but I'm going to spoil labor and capital." gone."

Seeing Naimertai, who was once a chief, drink a jar of ordinary inferior wine to taste like fine nectar, Yuan Yutang sitting opposite couldn't help twitching the corners of his mouth a few times, took a sip of the wine bowl silently, and then asked softly Said, "So you have been tracking the whereabouts of Lord Shanze for the past few months?"

Naimertai shook his head, and said lightly, "I took away the 'Barron Horn' before and left without saying goodbye, but it's an important matter. Remember that old witch in Jinyuan Mansion who played with paper piercing people? "

Yuan Yutang nodded. @

"The old witch's name is Lianhua. She used to be a famous mountain girl in the Northeast Province. She has a heart of snakes and scorpions, and she is easy-going." Naimertai calmly said an old story.

It is called Shannu, which is a kind of warlock inheritance unique to the Northeast Dao, and it is also a warlock who relies on the fairy family to make a living.

It's just that the difference from the dispatched disciples is that the relationship between Jiaoshannu and Xianjia is similar to an employment relationship.

To put it simply, when Shannv needs help from the fairy family, she will negotiate with the fairy family. If the price is right, the fairy family will accept it. In theory, all immortals can cooperate, similar to intermediaries.

Yuan Yutang understood, and motioned for Naimertai to continue.

Naimertai opened another jar of wine, drank most of it in one breath, and then said, "Mr. Lianhua has a good friend, named Abalai, who was once one of the candidate chief priests of the Tushan tribe. I am Ama. Killed by him. I've been looking for him for months."

Yuan Yutang immediately became serious when he heard the words.

With a smile, Namurtai said indifferently, "Don't be so nervous, it's not a taboo. Strictly speaking, I have to thank Abba for coming."

"grateful?"

All of a sudden, Yuan Yutang was completely confused.

Where in the world would anyone be grateful for killing their father and enemy?

Naimertai showed a look of emotion that he could not bear to look back on the past, "To be precise, I am a selfish ghost with great suspicion. If you are suspicious, you will naturally be violent and bloodthirsty."

After a pause, Namurtai's eyes flashed with hatred, and he twisted his voice, "That old man is not only ruthless to outsiders, but even more ruthless to his family. My seventeen brothers were all slaughtered by my Ama! If I hadn't been young at the time, I would have been reincarnated a long time ago."

"Just as I grew up and was in constant anxiety, and Ama's tolerance for me became lower and lower, Aba came to kill the lord without warning."

"If you say so, shouldn't I thank Abba for coming?"

Yuan Yutang was so shocked that he couldn't speak.

It is often heard that the emperor's house has no warmth, but now there is a living person who has witnessed it in front of me, and it is difficult to express the shock of the soul.

After a long time, Yuan Yutang hesitated, "Since that's the case, you didn't come to Aba for revenge, and why?"

Naimertai said expressionlessly, "It was a good thing for him to kill me, Ama. The whole Tushan tribe thanked him silently, but he shouldn't, he shouldn't be greedy and take away Tu A holy relic of the mountain."

Yuan Yutang opened his mouth, not daring to ask any more questions.

After all, it was about the secrets of Tu Shanbu, and he was not so arrogant that he thought that his relationship with Naimertai was good enough to share secrets with each other.

Namurtai continued.

If it is said that he has a love-hate relationship with Abala, who killed his father and enemy, then he hates Dajun Shanze to the bone.

It can be said that the reason why Naimertai fell into Pingyang with a tiger may be the origin of Yuan Yutang, but it was the tiger who ate up thousands of women and children in Tushan who really gave him a fatal blow.

Lord of the Demon Mountain Ze.

When a sparsely populated tribe loses most of its women and children, it is legally considered dead.

So half a month ago, after Naimertai accidentally discovered the behavior of Shanze Maharaja, he resolutely gave up looking for Abalai who stole the sacred object, desperately biting Shanze Maharaja to death, and vowed to pay for it with blood.

Yuan Yutang sighed endlessly after hearing the whole story, and subconsciously looked at the guest room where Baili Yinghua and others were sleeping upstairs.

If Naimertai hadn't arrived in time by accident, I'm afraid everyone would have died.

That's right, Naimertai was the one who repelled the mighty Shanze lord. @

It's just that there is still one thing Yuan Yutang doesn't want to understand until now.

After deliberating for a while, Yuan Yutang asked cautiously, "Boss, may I ask you a question?"

Given the complicated relationship between him and Naimertai, who is both an enemy and a friend, it seems that any title is a bit inappropriate, so he simply called him a big brother.

Hearing the novel title of the boss, Namurtai felt inexplicably comfortable, and immediately laughed and cursed, "If you fart, let it go!"

Yuan Yutang said with a sneer, "Say, how did you recognize me?"

You must know that Yuan Yutang was transformed into an adult form in his previous life at that time. Logically speaking, it is impossible to see through the magic of transforming into a shape.

However, Naimertai revealed his identity at a glance, so he couldn't help being frightened.

You must know that he still needs to continue to lurk in Qingtian Peak to steal Shentongzi. If there is a flaw that he doesn't know and his feet are exposed, then the matter will be serious.

Naimertai was stunned for a moment, and then smiled meaningfully, "It seems that you and those people from Qingtian Peak have a lot of conspiracy. But labor and management don't bother to care about your bullshit. Don't worry, your transformation spell is exquisite, There are no flaws, but..."

Showing a mischievous smile, Namurtai joked, "...It's just that although your transformation spell has no flaws, you yourself have flaws!"

"My own flaws? What do you mean?" Yuan Yutang asked in horror.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's anxious eyes, Namurtai suddenly felt very happy, and laughed loudly, "Forget it, let me tell you, your fierce and domineering boxing technique before is unique in the world. Although the boxing technique has changed now, the core The frame cannot hide from the eyes of labor and management!"

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened suddenly when he heard the words.

Even though he had made countless guesses, he never thought that there would be a flaw in his boxing technique.

But it’s right to think about it. Muay Thai is not a product of this world. He is the only one who can use it in the world.

It's just that this issue still needs to be paid attention to, and we must hurry up to perfect the newly created boxing method.

Suddenly he thought of another question, and hurriedly asked, "Then... Boss, you seem to have just broken through to the Grandmaster Realm not long ago, and even Baili Yinghua, a senior sword fairy of 'Ghost Gate', is no match for Lord Shanze. How did you repel that tiger demon? "

Naimertai laughed loudly when he heard that, "Hahaha, it seems that you know a lot of secrets recently, even the 'Renkan' in the Immortal Realm. But you also think that people are inferior, why should Baili Yinghua lose to the tiger demon, so labor and capital should be the same as him? "

As he said that, Naimertai's domineering sideways leaked, and he said awe-inspiringly, "And who told you that labor and capital are just like Baili Yinghua? "

"What?" Yuan Yutang couldn't help but exclaimed.

Naimertai actually claimed to have surpassed the first hurdle of immortality?

Huangquan Road after the ghost gate?

how can that be?

It's not long since he broke through?

and many more!

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened suddenly, and the figure of a strange object flashed in his mind, and he subconsciously shouted, "Could it be the 'Bilongjiao'? "

Naimertai withdrew his domineering aura and said with a light smile, "Smart!"

"Does the 'Battle Dragon Horn' really have such a miraculous effect? It actually allowed you to advance to the second hurdle of immortality in a short period of time? "At this time, Yuan Yutang didn't care about taboos, and asked anxiously.

It's not his fault for losing his composure, after all, it's about breaking the realm and keeping secrets, no matter how eager he is, it's only natural.

After hearing this, Naimertai shook his head and sneered, "You think too much, there is no free dinner in the world, think about it.

As much as you want to get, you need to pay as much. How can you get something for nothing? The reason why labor and capital break through the border quickly is nothing more than thick accumulation, and the 'Barring Dragon Horn' has a role, but it is not as big as you imagine."

Then shut up.

Yuan Yutang scratched his ears and cheeks anxiously, no matter how much he begged Naimertai, he couldn't say any more. He used the phrase "the time has not come, it is not good to know too much" as an excuse, which made Yuan Yutang tremble with anger.

While arguing, Yuan Yutang asked abruptly, "That person is Kan, what is Kan?"

Naimertai said it smoothly, and was about to answer subconsciously, when he suddenly woke up, he sneered, "Well, you little devil, you are really cunning, and you almost fell into your way, and the purpose of rambling is just to trick labor and capital talk?"

After the trick was exposed, Yuan Yutang continued to look at Naimertai eagerly.

Naimertai rolled his eyes angrily, "Put away your disgusting eyes, it makes labor and capital sick!"

After a pause, he said seriously, "It seems a little premature to tell you this now, but considering your talent is different from ordinary people, since you want to know so much, I will grant you!"

"Human hurdles are respectively breaking through the ghost gate, stepping on Huangquan Road, ferrying the Wangchuan River, looking back at Wangxiang Terrace, and falling into the path of reincarnation."

"Give good fortune, reborn, and then you can be promoted to a land god!"

After finishing speaking, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a sense of boundless horror, his heart skipped a beat, as if he was being watched by God's will, and he was so frightened that he couldn't control himself. @·No fault first launch~~

I don't know how long it took before he got rid of the great terror.

But when he came back to his senses, Naimertai had disappeared.

Just when Yuan Yutang was about to curse Namurtai for leaving without saying goodbye again, he noticed a piece of water on the table that had not yet dried up:

【It is not accidental that Shanze Maharaja sneaked into Yuezhou to cause disaster, and he may have come for Qingtian Peak, so that he can do it himself. 】.


		