

"Master Di, please be at ease, the mere Lanruo Temple is not a problem, and I will be able to bring your noble son back unscathed."

In the yamen of the deputy envoy of the chief minister, a white-haired old man with a fairy spirit is making an oath frankly with Di Shizun, who has not faded from his illness.

The sickly Di Shizun weakly cupped his hands, "In this way, the child's safety will have to be bothered by Daoist."

The old white-haired Taoist nodded proudly, stroking his beard and saying, "Master Di is serious. Slaying demons and eliminating demons is the bounden duty of my Taoist disciples. I have known for a long time that Lanruo Temple is full of filth. I didn't care about it before. The Lordless Wandering Soul is lonely and miserable, and cannot bear to kill them all, now that he dares to do evil, then maybe he will use thunderous means to help him reach bliss early!"

Enduring the pain, Di Shizun stood up and bowed to the bottom, and said in a low voice, "The real man is righteous."

The white-haired old Taoist dignified place received this bow.

He is the leader in Gunzhou, known as the Taoist Master of the Three Stars of Zigan, and he is also the savior entrusted by Di Shizun to rescue Di Yinhao who disappeared in Lanruo Temple.

So he enjoyed the courtesy of a No. 2 person in peace and contentment.

After exchanging greetings, Master Zigan stood up and said goodbye:

"Lord Di, Young Master Ling is not out of danger now, so it's not too late. I will go back immediately to prepare the magic weapon, bring my disciples, and go to the rescue immediately!"

After saying that, he hurriedly left, leaving Di Shizun waiting anxiously and anxiously.


Guobei County, inside Tongxin Inn.

"What? A mere real person at the peak dares to stab the hornet's nest in Lanruo Temple? Are you sure you're not joking?"

Hearing that Li Chunyi said that Master Zigan was going to attack Lanruo Temple, he couldn't help but interrupted in surprise.

"Isn't the deputy chief executive sick and stupid? It's funny that you and brother Yan are not seeking immortality, but instead go far and near to seek a real person?"

Li Chunyi rolled his eyes angrily, and said contemptuously, "You don't understand this, do you? No matter how high the Taoism and morals of Lao Yan and I are, we are not our own after all. It is about the safety of Master Di's only son. How could he give up? Our own people come to ask us outsiders?"

Yuan Yutang couldn't help sighing, and smiled softly, "Although what you said is very reasonable, I feel that Master Di's reverse operation is not saving people at all, but like pitting fools into a fire pit. Even Lao Yan and I are You stumbled in Lanruo Temple, are you sure that real old miscellaneous hair Zigan can handle it?"

Li Chunyi shrugged and said helplessly, "This has nothing to do with us. Anyway, we have said everything that needs to be said. It is the right of the sufferer to listen or not to listen, especially if the sufferer is a high-ranking sufferer, no one can persuade him."

Yuan Yutang twitched his lips, but couldn't say more.

After chatting for a while, Yuan Yutang suddenly asked, "Speaking of which, have you found anything from your investigations these days?"

Hearing this, Li Chunyi put away his foolishness and said in a deep voice, "It's far more serious than I imagined."

Yuan Yutang was taken aback. It was rare for him to see Li Chunyi showing such a dignified expression. He immediately realized the seriousness of the matter and hurriedly asked, "What the hell is going on here?"

Li Chunyi shook his head, and answered the wrong question, "Have you heard of 'devil,'?"

magic?

Yuan Yutang became serious, although many demons and monsters claimed to be this demon and that demon, in fact, they were definitely not the answer he wanted, so he answered truthfully, "I don't know."

Li Chun nodded, and said slowly, "Since ancient times, all non-human beings who have malicious intent towards humans have been called 'demons, ghosts, and ghosts', but among the four parallels, demons, ghosts, and monsters are common, while demons are not. Common, do you know why?"

Yuan Yutang sincerely asked for advice like a primary school student, "I still hope to clear up my doubts. First release update@"

"That's because the devil was born with the resentment of the heaven and the earth. It is invisible, immutable, and immortal. It is the natural enemy of all good things. From the moment it is born, it shoulders the instinct to destroy everything. It is not bound by the three realms and six realms. cannot!"

Yuan Yutang didn't know what to do, so he took a deep breath.

Li Chunyi continued to talk, "Since ancient times, the birth of any demon must be a catastrophe in the world, a catastrophe that requires the sacrifice of countless people to be cured."

"However, a hundred years ago, in Guobei County, there was a trend of gathering resentment and gathering magic tires."

Yuan Yutang was amazed. (This chapter is not finished!)

Chapter 48 Guobei's County, Sad Past

He asked again and again, "Is there a secret in this?"

Li Chun nodded and said, "About a hundred years ago, Guobei County was not named as it is now, but Mingzhu County, implying that it is the most shining pearl in the corridor of the Western Regions."

"At that time, Mingzhu County was a transfer point for 40% of the goods in the Western Region Corridor, and it could provide massive taxes to the imperial court every year, and its administrative importance has far exceeded that of Dagon Prefecture, the Taoist prefecture.

It's a pity that over-prosperity is like cooking oil in a raging fire. In addition to quickly accumulating wealth, it will also give birth to ambition. "

After a pause, Li Chun said vaguely:

"And before that, I have to talk about the vassal system that was abolished a hundred years ago.

Since the Great Unification Dynasty, the iron-clad emperor and the flowing dynasty, although the dynasty has been replaced, the political structure is hard to change the disadvantages of the family.

Since the whole world is owned by the royal family, it is naturally difficult to fully trust outsiders. Even the most loyal courtiers will always have suspicions in the hearts of the royal family.

Therefore, the vassal system came into being. The princes of the royal family ruled the vassal area, overriding the local officials, and nominally commanded the people's livelihood and military power, ensuring that the governors of Jiudao, who were more powerful than the sky, did not dare to rebel.

Since the founding of Daxia, I have inherited the six-part cabinet system of the previous dynasty, and the vassal system is no exception. The royal family and vassals who have produced a large number of talents in the early days have indeed played a great role in local stability.

But time has passed, and some things have slowly begun to deteriorate. "

"There is no such thing as a perfect system in the world. There are thousands of defenses. The most difficult thing to guard against is always the house thief."

"The lineage of the same king who has been guarding the frontiers of the empire for more than two hundred years, because of the growing prosperity of the Western Region Corridor, has given birth to a heart of treason that shouldn't be there!

More than a hundred years ago, the generation of Tong Wang, who was rich as a country and commanded 100,000 soldiers, felt that his destiny was in his hands, and he was dissatisfied with living on the edge of the Western Regions all his life, so he mobilized his troops and brazenly launched a rebellion. Error-free update@

At that time, although the imperial court had turned from prosperity to decline, but the emaciated camel was bigger than the horse, the emperor was furious, and they jointly demanded orders.

The self-respecting and arrogant Tong Wang naturally reaped the consequences in the end, but this rebellion had an extremely bad chain reaction. "

"First of all, the vassal king's vassal system was abolished, a large number of noble vassal kings were knocked out of the sky, and the royal family's talents fell into a fault line, resulting in an embarrassing situation where there are huge dragons and grandchildren, but no one can share the country's worries .”

"Secondly, although King Tong was destroyed, he fed a wolf of the extreme north that couldn't lose its tail."

Having said that, Li Chunyi deliberately paused, and looked at Yuan Yutang meaningfully.

Yuan Yutang suddenly realized, and asked uncertainly, "Are you talking about the wolf clan?"

"That's right!" Li Chun said with a slap in the face, "Back then, the Great Xia had been in peace for a long time, which led to the corruption of the military. Looking at the whole country, there were no combatable soldiers except Lingnan and Northeast. And Wang Caihong The momentum is great, and in the early stage of the incident, there is a tendency to destroy the dead and sweep the world.

In order to nip the danger in the cradle as soon as possible, the imperial court can only offer benefits to the powerful subordinate country, hoping that it will borrow troops to help suppress the rebellion. "

"The Wolf Clan was the first to respond to the vassal state, and it was also the most valiant in battle. It killed mountains of corpses and seas of blood in Shannan Road, and left no blade of grass in its path."

"And in this battle, the wolf tribe made a lot of money, not only made a lot of wealth, but also plundered a large number of people. All of this was done in a legitimate way. No matter how bad the behavior was, the court could only pinch its nose and admit up.

The wolves have fully harvested enough population wealth for a century's development at one time, and they have also left great disasters for today's Great Xia.

But this is all off topic and can be ignored.

What I want to say next is the real reason! "

Li Chunyi said in a serious tone:

"After Tongwang was defeated by the nine tribes of the barbarians, the emperor at that time had lingering fears. He was afraid that the same disaster would happen again. In addition to abolishing the vassal system of vassal kings and greatly improving the treatment of dependent countries, he also did something extremely stupid. , a stupid thing with a lot of trouble."

"That is to issue a one-size-fits-all method, cut off the corridors of the Western Regions, and slaughter a total of 78 countries in the Western Regions!"

Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded when he heard that, he didn't expect that there would be so many historical entanglements behind Guobei County, which only played a background role in the movie.

. (This chapter is not finished!)

Chapter 48 Guobei's County, Sad Past

"As the saying goes, when a man is angry, his blood splashes five steps, and when the emperor is angry, his blood flows into a river. When the emperor urgently needs to vent his inner fear, disaster will befall the corridors of the Western Regions.

It is not an exaggeration to say that after being swept away by the imperial army like a thunderstorm, the entire corridor of the Western Regions has almost become barren.

It is also because there are too many people who died here, the rebels who failed in the rebellion and were killed, the innocent people from the Western Regions who were implicated in the massacre of the country, the elderly, children, women and children, young and old... There are too many people who died in vain. A troll was born almost that year. Error-free update @"

"Just when the water was in dire straits, a person stepped forward and resolved the disaster."

Yuan Yutang let out a long breath, and said in a sad tone, "The person who must have the ability to resolve this disaster must be the great power of the earth immortal."

Li Chunyi smiled strangely, shook his head and said, "You are wrong, that person was not an earth immortal, nor even a warlock, but a Confucian scholar."

"What? Can a Confucian scholar resolve evil?" Yuan Yutang asked incredulously.

Li Chun showed admiration in his eyes, and said generously, "Yeah, who would have thought that a Confucian scholar with no strength in his hands would actually create a miracle in the impossible by relying on his arrogance in his chest, and use the cold window to study hard to comprehend the human world. Great truth dispels the endless resentment that is stagnant."

As soon as the subject changed, Li Chunyi mournfully said, "It's a pity that miracles can never be repeated. Although the Confucian scholar resolved the evil disaster, it was not without price.

But the price he paid was the death of his body and the disappearance of his dao, and he would never be reborn forever. "

"Afterwards, in order to commemorate the great achievements of Confucian scholars, people renamed Mingzhu County after him."

"And the Confucian scholar's name is Guo Bei!!".

Chapter 48 Guobei's County, Sad Past


		