

Since the birth of the three fiery demon kings, all those who followed the dramatic changes in Qingtian Peak couldn't help but feel a sinking heart.

The number of demon kings is rarer than that of earth immortals, and they are rare in a hundred years.

Because monsters are not favored by heaven by nature, it is a hundred times more difficult to become a demon king than humans.

However, it is precisely because the demon king is difficult to prove, so the strength of the demon king often has an overwhelming advantage over the earth immortals of the same level.

What's more, the three demon kings are not the gatekeepers of the demon kings who have just broken through. They are all old giant monsters who have achieved great fame. A single one is enough to cause headaches for Taoists all over the world, let alone three heads come out together now.

At this time, the three great demon kings pointed their swords at the Qingtian Peak, which lost Shen Tujie, the pillar of the township, at the same time. How could there be any eggs in the nest?

This time Qingtian Peak is in danger!

On Mount Baitou, the teacher and apprentice of Tianshan Child Elder stood upright and looked at Qingtian Peak, which was oppressed by the demon king's fierce power, and couldn't help frowning.

But seeing Baili Yinghua being defeated at will, Tianshan Child Elder couldn't help sighing, "Oh, Baili Yinghua is indeed a peerless sword embryo that is famous all over the world. Don't look at him as if he is vulnerable. It definitely took more than one success to defeat his sword twenty-eight."

"It doesn't seem like a lot of success once, but you must know that Mokui is a great murderer who can overcome the catastrophe. Baili Yinghua can force 10% of Mokui's skill with a mere human, immortal and ghost gate, which is enough to laugh at his peers. "

The old apprentice looked at the chattering master blankly, and said to her with ten thousand cordial greetings in his heart.

What the hell, only the state officials are allowed to set fires, and the common people are not allowed to light lamps, it's too much!

Just when the old apprentice was about to ask the last question, Tianshan Child Elder was slightly surprised, "Huh? Tantai Le finally couldn't help but make a move? Good guy, when he makes a move, it's Jian Qi Tian Luo Jian Wang, this is Do you want a desperate rhythm?"

"Isn't this foolish old man afraid that Qingtian Peak will have no leader after his death? Sure enough, the sword lunatics are a bunch of unreasonable guys!"

After the old apprentice scolded his mother thousands of times in his heart, he finally couldn't help asking the last question:

"Master, can Qingtian Peak survive this crisis of extermination?"

Tianshan Child Elder fell silent immediately when she heard the words, her eyes fixed on the tragic figure of Tantai Leyi who faced the devil without hesitation, sighed quietly, and said regretfully, "...There is no hope..."

The old apprentice couldn't help but asked, "Master, why do you want to stand by like this? Qingtian Peak has never had a bad record. Although its arrogant temperament makes people dislike it, it is not enough to sit idly by and let it be slaughtered by demons?"

Tianshan Child Elder shook her head and sighed again, "You don't understand, we are not just sitting idly by, but... there are really reasons why we can't make a move..."

"Then what is the reason that makes you earth immortals watch a decent family ruin the hands of demons?"

The old apprentice couldn't help feeling relieved when he uttered the question that had been pent up in his heart for a long time, but the grief on his face was not fake.

He really couldn't figure out why those hated chieftains rushed all the way to Yuezhou to stand by and watch the destruction of Qingtian Peak.

Being questioned repeatedly, Tianshan Child Elder couldn't help but look very ugly.

But it's not an unreasonable move against the old apprentice, but to annoy himself.

After a long time, she let out a long breath, and said in a calm tone:

"Why? If you want to blame, blame Qingtian Peak for being obstinate, preferring to die rather than asking for help from your comrades... If you want to blame, blame Shen Tujie for being so beautiful in the world, occupying 80% of the world's luck, and blocking the progress of other earth immortals the way……"

"The best sword in the world? Hehe, this is not only a supreme honor, but also a heavy shackle..."

"Who can afford this karma? Who dares to recite it?"

The old apprentice finally got his doubts solved, but he couldn't help being happy in his heart.

Because he found the mean and eccentric master, there seemed to be crystals rolling in the eye sockets at this moment.

At this time, Tantai Le had already fought against Mo Kui, and a terrifying wave of air surged in an instant, the big tree was uprooted, the ground was completely lifted, and there was no grass growing in the place it passed, just like a world-ending storm.

There was no movement of Tianshan Child Elder, the terrifying storm separated automatically, bypassing Baitou Mountain where she was. @

"Tantai Le, it's over... Qingtian Peak, it's also over... Poor Qingtian Peak's reputation for thousands of years, it's going to collapse overnight, it's a pity, it's pitiful~".

Tianshan Child Elder sighed, as if drawing conclusions.

The old apprentice inexplicably felt that his heart was full of bad feelings, and was about to comfort the depressed master with a few words.

Suddenly, Tianshan Child Elder suddenly screamed.

"What's going on? Tantai Le is deliberately showing weakness to the enemy? What is the purpose? Does Qingtian Peak still have a trump card that can kill the Demon King?"

"and many more!"

"Oh my god, what did I see? Tantai Le was actually willing to be a bait for a young man?"

The old apprentice froze for a moment, and hurriedly focused his eyes, looking towards the center of the battle situation that seemed to be about to turn around.

I saw a thirteen or fourteen-year-old boy soaring up in the wind, with a strange smile on his face, holding an exquisite small ancestral hall of white bones in one hand, and a strange silver cross in the other, facing the fierce flames without fear. Mokui left.

This incredible scene directly confused the old apprentice.

Is it true that as the master guessed, that young man will be Qingtian Peak's last trump card?


Yuan Yutang didn't know what others were thinking, but he was really excited now.

The adrenal glands were frantically secreting hormones, making him feel like his blood was boiling.

A few days ago, he would never have imagined that he would actually be able to participate in the top-level game in the world, and he would still have the final say on the outcome.

Just imagining it was enough to get him excited.

Taking advantage of the east wind sent by Tantai Le when he was about to lose, he flew towards Mokui like a cannonball.

Seeing that he was about to get close to Mo Kui's huge dharma figure, Yuan Yutang took deep breaths to suppress his chaotic thoughts, forced himself to calm down, and before Mo Kui had time to react, he swung the bright cross led by his left hand towards Mo Kui .

Puff puff!

Mo Kui's heart was beating wildly, and an inexplicable and strong ominous premonition emerged from the Lingtai.

It also couldn't explain why the little guy who was only a real person could bring him such strong anxiety, but it instinctively knew that there must be a big problem with the ant that Tantai Le did everything possible to cover!

Can't let him get close to me!

Mo Kui made a decision in an instant, unreservedly broke out all his aura in an instant, and roared, "Ants, die to me!"

The terrifying and domineering aura seemed to blow up the space, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang like overwhelming mountains and seas.

Yuan Yutang did not retreat but advanced, his eyes shouted wildly:

"I call in the name of the victims, the bad luck is gone, Amen!"

As soon as the words fell, the majestic and vast holy light erupted like a river, like a huge wall of light, blocking the terrifying momentum of the devil.

Boom! Rumble!

The sky and the earth seemed to be shattered in an instant, the dark clouds in the night sky were annihilated by the two most powerful and terrifying forces in the world, and even the atmosphere was rushed out of a big hole.

An arc-shaped shock wave suddenly took shape, turning everything it passed into powder, including Qingtian Peak nearly halfway up the mountain and hundreds of meters deep underground.

A confrontation of such intensity is rare in the world.

It's not over yet!

I saw a phantom of an incomparably tall giant suddenly walking out of the vast holy light that was as hot as the scorching sun.

The giant has a weak face and a miserable face. He wears a crown of thorns, a blood-stained cloth, and a huge cross on his back. There are horrible bleeding wounds on his hands and feet, giving people a sacred and inviolable aura.

"Ah~" The giant of holy light punched Mo Kui quickly, knocking Mo Kui dumbfounded in an instant.

Before Mo Kui could fight back, the Holy Light Giant pounced on it, firmly suppressing its huge body.

"Hahaha, you're not dead this time!"

Yuan Yutang leaped onto Mokui enthusiastically, held up the exquisite small ancestral hall of white bones, and chanted the mantra loudly, "The way of heaven is brilliant, the immortals are dormant, the power cannot be bullied, and the orders cannot be violated. The name of the Bone Shrine makes you tame!"

"What? The Shrine of the Bone of the Immortals, the supreme treasure artifact that has been lost for more than three hundred years, is actually in your hands?"

Mo Kui, who was unable to move for the time being, changed his expression drastically. At this moment, he finally knew why Yuan Yutang made him so uneasy.

Oh my God, the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals belongs to more than a hundred big demons or demon kings. @

The supreme artifact forged from the guardian bone. It is said that with this treasure, even a mortal with no morals can command the immortal family.

So here comes the question, why is Mokui afraid of the shrine of the remains of hundreds of immortals, an artifact that can command the immortals in the world?

the reason is simple.

Mokui used to be a mountain god who was enshrined by the orthodox dynasty of the previous dynasty. He was cut off due to the change of dynasty more than 300 years ago, so he found another way to transform himself into a demon, and finally broke through the dream of the demon king.

However, no matter how depraved Mokui is, the imperial talisman is still imprinted in its soul.

But no immortal family can resist the control of the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals.

"Forgive, spare my life~ I would like to swear to the sky that I will never dare to offend Qingtian Peak again, and I can help you kill all the monsters you covet. I just ask you to hold your hand high and spare my life~"

Under the threat of the famous Baixian's Bone Temple, even if he is as reckless as a devil, he can't help but reveal his true nature and beg Yuan Yutang for mercy. @·No fault first launch~~

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang was unmoved, and desperately sent his life force into the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals.

He didn't want to believe a word of this kind of rebellious monster.

Either don't do it, do it if you want to do it, there is absolutely no reason to give up halfway!

Mokui's mournful howl frightened Kui Niu and Bi Fang who were waiting for an opportunity.

Although it is said that they are not from the immortal family like Mokui and are threatened by the Shrine of the Bone of the Immortals, the damage is caused by Mokui.

If the Mokui were controlled and turned their guns to deal with them, it would be a big deal.

That's all, although the legacy of the sword fetus of the Six Tribulations Sword Immortal is precious, but compared to his own life, it is completely different.

In view of this, Bi Fang instantly climbed up, breaking through the atmosphere and flapping his wings to escape.

Kui Niu didn't dare to be greedy, and suddenly retracted to the ground, fleeing in embarrassment.

The ups and downs of the plot shocked everyone.

Just when they were about to think that the dust had settled, three big monsters who had plotted for a long time suddenly attacked the half-remaining sword embryo light group when Yuan Yutang had tamed the demon leader and had no time to pay attention to him. .


		