

Thunderbeast, Thunderbadger.

Although there is only one word difference, the personalities between them are very different.

The Thunder Beast is an extremely powerful monster in the ancient war between gods and demons. It was born between heaven and earth, with the power to control thousands of thunders. Its eyes are like the sun and the moon, and it travels with wind and rain.

Legend has it that in the most crucial battle between the human race and the monster race for hegemony in the world, the human emperor got the guidance of the Immortal Yin and killed the strange beasts Kui Niu and Thunder Beast. Shaking the mountains, the power is infinite, and this is how to defeat the demon clan and establish the chapter of humanity.

Yuan Yutang's eyes almost popped out after listening to Huang Qisu's narration of the secret history.

Subconsciously, he lowered his head and glanced at the "Brother Flathead" who was happily licking a big plum he didn't know where to find, and couldn't help thinking, this thing is actually the legendary ancient monster Thunder Beast?

Are you right?

Anyway, no matter how Huang Qisu tried to persuade him, he didn't dare to believe it all.

Huang Qisu's saliva was almost dry, and he couldn't help but smiled wryly, "I know you won't be able to accept it for a while, let alone you, even I can't believe it until now. The legend of Thunder Beast is illusory, and it costs thousands It has never appeared in this year, and if it suddenly reappeared, it would be unbelievable.”

Yuan Yutang twitched his face a few times with a smile on his face, and didn't know how to answer for a while.

The reason why Huang Qisu worked so hard to get him to accept the fact that "Brother Pingtou" is the Thunder Beast is of course his purpose.

It must be known that Thunder Beast is born to control ten thousand thunders, this is an innate supernatural power.

It just so happens that Heavenly Tribulation is also one of the ten thousand thunders.

With such an association, the problem arises.

Huang Qisu obviously wanted to ask Yuan Yutang to lend him "Brother Pingtou" to help Grandpa Huang Qi overcome the calamity.

Although he has found the most powerful life-saving medicine in the world, Shentongzi, for Grandpa Huang Qi, the catastrophe is too dangerous, and if there is a slight mistake, it may be wiped out.

Now that there is "Brother Pingtou", a cheating tool that can theoretically control robbery, he must of course persuade Yuan Yutang without hesitation.

Unfortunately, no matter how much he persuaded, Yuan Yutang remained unmoved.

Just kidding, Huang Qisu himself said that crossing the catastrophe is extremely dangerous, he regards "Brother Pingtou" as a relative, how could he let his relatives take risks?

No more money! !

In the end, they broke up unhappy.

Sun Yi looks thin and small like a monkey, but his temperament is as fierce as fire.

When Jingshanzong was making a fuss over "Pingtouge", he also lost his temper in Taihegou, more than 30 miles away from Jingshan.

As I said before, during the day, some villagers went up the mountain to ask for help because of evil spirits.

Originally, he could stay out of the matter as a seconded person, but the Jingshan sect was really dying.

Yuan Yutang went down the mountain and didn't return, Lanxi was a girl who didn't understand anything, Chen Changsheng's widowed mother had a new funeral, and he couldn't command the three guardians.

Maybe Yuan Yutang didn't know how to run a sect, but he was trained as a steward since he was a child, but he knew it well.

If you want to promote the sect, you must first make a name for yourself.

This reputation can be good or bad, anyway, as long as the reputation is loud enough, naturally there is no need to worry about talents from all walks of life.

So how do you go about building a reputation?

The answer is simple. It is the easiest way to build a good relationship with the local people.

Sun Yi has never had the habit of being perfunctory about the so-called loyalty entrusted by others, even though he was coaxed into boarding a pirate ship by Yuan Yutang.

As long as the five-year period is not over, he will do his best to help Yuan Yutang manage the Jingshan sect well, and train more talents as much as he can.

So after hesitating for a long time, he decided to go out in person.

Taihegou is a small mountain village, poor for generations, living a peaceful life without contention with the world.

If it weren't for the weirdness of this evil event, the villagers would not have set foot on the mountain gate to ask for help.

According to the description of the villagers, six animals in the village began to die violently for no reason seven days ago, and all of them were drained of blood without exception.

At first, the villagers thought it was a feud that the village deliberately set them up, and they were furious immediately. The village chief took the lead and organized the whole village's young and strong to fight fiercely with the neighboring village.

Feuds are a nonsense thing, and now almost every village in rural Daxia has feuds that are not right.

In the final analysis, it is all caused by poverty. In addition to relying on the face of God to eat, ordinary people also have to compete with people nearby for resources. Whether it is water or fields, it is really not easy to get food.

Over time, the hatred is forged.

Of course, the sudden death of the six animals was not caused by the village next door.

After the group fights, for three consecutive days, some livestock were sucked blood and died one after another.

These days, a livestock is the greatest property of the poor people. A chicken is expected to lay eggs for money, a pig is expected to eat meat during the Chinese New Year, and a cow is expected to cultivate land.

With so many livestock dying all of a sudden, no matter how slow the villagers were, they realized that something was wrong.

On the fourth day, the village invited the most famous watchman from ten miles and eight towns.

Mr. Watcher vowed frankly that there was a wild beast nearby that became a spirit, so he came to eat blood. As long as the money is in place, he promises to clean up the spirit monster.

The short-sighted villagers did not doubt him, and gratefully contributed most of their life savings, just hoping to subdue that harmful spirit as soon as possible.

But no one expected that on the morning of the fifth day, the well-known watchman turned into a mummy, exactly like those domestic animals.

This frightened the villagers.

Even the Mr. Watcher can't deal with that monster, isn't it that the whole village is going to be in trouble?

There was nothing he could do, and the villager could only adopt the most stupid method, which was to cast a wide net, use a dead horse as a living horse doctor, visit Taoist monks and monks in a radius of tens of miles, and find an expert to solve the disaster no matter what.

If the delay continues, all the livestock in the village will die.

It is precisely because of this that some villagers found the down-and-out Jingshan Sect.

It's just that when Sun Yi came to Taihegou, his lungs almost exploded.

These stupid villagers actually listened to what the magic stick he and Yuan Yutang met halfway before said, and prepared a living sacrifice to pray for blessings and disaster relief.

This guy didn't expect his life to be so hard, he couldn't die even if he was thrown into the water, and he didn't change his nature. He still used the same old tricks to cheat the villagers who were in a hurry to go to the doctor to prepare a living sacrifice.

According to him, the villagers offended the mountain god, so the mountain god sent disaster to the village.

The villagers who had long lost their minds did not hear this set of rhetoric, and each and every one of them treated the magic stick as a living fairy and obeyed.

Fortunately, Sun Yi came early, otherwise another pair of boys and girls would have died innocently.

Whether it is tolerable or unbearable, Sun Yi immediately took down the magic stick that received a thousand knives, and began to scold these foolish men and women angrily, scolding them bloody.

Fortunately, he showed his skills when subduing the magic stick, so the villagers didn't dare to make mistakes and were obediently punished.

After being furious, Sun Yi reluctantly drove home the villagers who were ready to flatter them. He wanted to sit down in person and see who dared to be so mad.

Taihegou is not big, there are about three hundred households at full count, and the total number of villagers is just over one thousand.

With Sun Yi's cultivation base, he only needs to place a chair at the entrance of the village to monitor the whole village.

Tonight, the moonlight is bleak, and the white and silver glow falls on the ground, which is inexplicably frightening.

Half a night passed, and it was about to be ugly, but the village was still peaceful.

Sun Yi was bored and knocked on the sunflower seeds respected by the villagers, and couldn't help yawning.

At this moment, his spiritual consciousness network all over the village seemed to be touched by something.

Suddenly, Sun Yi jumped away in an instant and hurried to the place where the incident happened.

After drinking the northwest wind for most of the night, I finally waited for the ghost to come!

There are not many monsters who like to suck blood and not eat meat, so he can basically conclude that it is the work of zombies.

Sun Yi, who was so angry, wished he could tear the corpse of the zombie that ravaged the village into pieces.

However, when Sun Yi rushed to a cow in the southwest of the village, he couldn't help being surprised.

A figure was grabbing a buffalo and squatting on the ground to suck blood. The buffalo didn't know what happened, but it didn't make a sound. Instead, it showed a happy expression.

The most abnormal thing was that the figure didn't have any corpse aura overflowing from it, but exuded an evil aura that Sun Yi had never seen before.

All kinds of abnormalities made Sun Yi feel as if he was facing a big enemy.

"Hehe, I smell an oriental warlock from you, are you here to accept me?"

While talking, the figure stood up slowly, and Sun Yi found that it was a blond foreign man, half of his face was stained red with cow blood, the protruding canine teeth could be seen between the opening and closing of his lips, and a pair of scarlet eyes stared at him intently. Looking at Sun Yi, it seemed that he might violently hurt someone at any time.

Being stared at by the blond man, Sun Yi's heart skipped a beat, and the hairs all over his body stood up uncontrollably.

This guy is not a zombie, what kind of monster is it?

Sun Yi tried his best but couldn't think of any monsters that could match this weird guy in front of him.

If Yuan Yutang was present, he would definitely be able to tell the truth at a glance.

This blood-sucking, psychic, evil guy is clearly the former Bright Knight Scott who was possessed by a vampire.

Scott, who was intimidated by Yuan Yutang and Monica's teamwork, came to Tianshui Road by mistake. He didn't know what he had experienced these days, and he was reduced to living by sucking the dirty blood of animals.

Gossip less, compared to the smelly and hard-to-swallow animal blood, the precious blood of the warlock nourished by mana is very attractive to Scott.

Without even thinking about it, Scott instantly launched a surprise attack, turning into a black shadow and rushing towards the astonished Sun Yi.

Fortunately, Sun Yi is not a common hand, he also reacted in an instant, and counterattacked awe-inspiringly:

"Earth-moving sword spirit, wind and rain on all sides, disease!"

Before the words fell, countless rough rock sword shadows shot out of thin air from the ground, shooting towards Scott who was attacking like a violent storm.

Scott didn't dodge or dodge, and smiled evilly. Before the rock sword shadow touched him, his whole body turned into a cloud of black smoke strangely.

Puff puff!

The menacing rock sword shadow passed through the black smoke like nothing.

This unbelievable spell immediately caught Sun Yi by surprise, and when he wanted to reorganize his offensive, Scott had already appeared behind him like a ghost, with sharp canine teeth popping out of his mouth, and biting down with a grin.

"Being forced by that crazy woman to live only on animal blood, I can finally feast on my mouth today!"

Sun Yi felt that the crisis was approaching, but he was helpless.

Seeing that his neck was about to be bitten, a strange holy light suddenly bloomed from a distance, approaching with lightning speed.

choke!

Qingyue's sword sound shook the heaven and earth, and then there was a shrill scream.

"Ah~"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 15 Interlude is free to read.




		