

On March 20th, peach moon and grain rain.

March coincides with the peach blossoms blooming in full bloom, so March has always been known as the peach moon throughout the ages.

A torrential rain a few days ago caused mountain torrents to tilt, and half of Longquan Mansion was almost submerged.

Yuan Yutang and the others were trapped in the forest, and they waited for two days and nights for the flood to recede.

All the way along the coast, houses collapsed, farmlands were flooded, and human tragedies everywhere.

Yuan Yutang felt very uncomfortable, and he couldn't see the poor people suffering the most, so he donated all the floating wealth except the boat fee to the refugees who were displaced by the flood.

But this disaster really affected a wide range, not to mention his floating fortune, even if it was a thousand times more, it would be just a drop in the bucket.

He doesn't know the truth of saving the emergency but not the poor.

But you can't just ignore it.

Do your best and be at ease.

There is no similarity in joy in the world, but sorrow can be infected.

Under such circumstances, even if they are lively and chattering, they will become sullen.

It wasn't until they entered the prefecture that was not affected by the flood that the depression in the four people's room was slightly relieved.

It was already dark at this time, and not many boatmen were willing to sail at night, so they randomly found an inn to stay overnight.

After dinner, Sun Yi took the initiative to ask Ying to contact the boatman, trying to set off immediately at dawn tomorrow.

The three of Yuan Yutang were not in the mood to play, so they listened to the high-spirited talks of businessmen from all over the world in the lobby of the inn.

Businessmen make a living by chasing profits, and they have a particularly keen sense of smell.

Not long after Longquan Mansion was hit by a disaster, many merchants transported a large amount of materials to make a fortune.

Yuan Yutang can't say good or bad about the bottomless profit-seeking behavior of merchants.

If there were no these greedy merchants dispatching supplies to come to the disaster relief, relying on the government's rescue alone, a large number of refugees would starve to death.

Although the merchants are enjoying the bloody disaster, the fact that they have contributed to the rescue cannot be denied.

It is also because these merchants come from all over the world, so gossips are everywhere. If you ignore the truth and falsehood, it is more interesting than listening to those old-fashioned storytelling plots.

Not too long ago, in the lobby, there were two wealthy lords in brocade clothes and jade belts who were frothing.

"...Hey, brother, you don't know something, so I'm not afraid to tell you, the Northeast Road is going to change now!"

"Ah? What kind of inside information does my virtuous brother know? Quickly tell Brother Wei, Brother Wei has a lot of property in the Northeast Province!"

"Hee hee, it's not impossible to tell my brother, but next time if I ask for something, my brother can't refuse~"

"Hey, you can do whatever you want, so hurry up and say it!"

One of the able-bodied middle-aged rich men looked around mysteriously, and immediately whispered mysteriously, "Brother, you don't know, the Northeast Road is now in a mess! This news is just a coincidence, brother." If you know it, don’t spread it around after I tell you!”

The rich man with a big belly on the opposite side couldn't help urging, "Okay, okay, you know this matter, I know the world, so it's okay, right?"

Hearing this, Yuan Yutang suddenly couldn't help laughing.

There is a theory in the previous life on the earth. After the general secret is known by a third person, it is almost the same as everyone knows it.

Chen Changsheng and Beau looked at the bewildered Yuan Yutang in a strange way, and continued to eavesdrop on the conversation between the two rich men with their concentration.

People are born with bad roots, and gossip does not distinguish between men, women and children.

Let alone their table, it is estimated that other diners in the entire lobby are also listening with their ears up.

Of course the two rich men knew it well, but they just liked the attention.

After a while, the lean and rich man raised his voice and said, "To tell you the truth, just three days ago, Situ Mo, the old governor of Dinghaishenzhen in the Northeast Road, died!"

As soon as this remark came out, it was like a depth bomb, and the originally quiet lobby instantly boiled.

"Is what this old man said just now true? I also set up property in the Northeast Province. If it is true, wouldn't I lose my money?" An impatient middle-aged rich man couldn't help but initiate a conversation.

The capable rich man quickly glanced at the unlucky guy, and couldn't help but smiled wryly, "I also hope that this news is false, but it didn't work out. In a few days, the court may issue obituaries all over the world. Governor Situ is dead, isn't it?" one little thing."

The rich middle-aged man's face turned pale when he heard the words, he swayed and nearly fell down, and the servants who were waiting on the side hurriedly helped his master back to rest.

After the unlucky guy and his party left, the capable and rich man continued with great regret, "Alas, the house leaks and it rains overnight, and business is getting worse and worse. If it weren't for such a big event, the old man would have closed the mountain for many years. You can’t come out and run the business yourself.”

The rich man with a big belly felt the same way, and said with a mournful face, "Who said it wasn't? Why did the well-behaved Governor Situ die? It couldn't be another serious illness, right? Fortunately, the eldest son Situ died of a sudden illness half a year ago, and the third son was studying abroad. , otherwise the three sons will compete for the throne, let alone expect to be able to do business safely.”

After hearing this, the capable rich man suddenly smiled mysteriously, and sneered, "Brother, you guessed it wrong. According to the news that my younger brother received, Old Governor Situ did not die of illness."

The rich man with a big belly said in surprise, "Didn't die of a sudden illness, he couldn't have been assassinated, right? Don't be joking, my brother. There are two hereditary governors who are the most prominent under the emperor. There are countless strange people under the sect. I don't even believe that anyone can assassinate them."

The capable rich man twitched the corners of his mouth, and asked in a low tone, "What if the shooter is Prince Sauron, the number one wolf clan master?"

"What? Prince Sauron of the Wolf Clan?"

These words exploded in everyone's hearts again.

Prince Sauron was invincible all over the world as early as twenty years ago. He is one of the strongest masters in the world today who has achieved the only three martial gods.

Martial gods are different from land gods, once won forever, their strength changes dramatically, and they don't need to be shackles of heaven, and their personality is faintly higher than that of earth immortals

This kind of top expert actually personally assassinated the old Governor Situ regardless of his face. Could it be that he really bullied Da Xia?

Seeing the shocked faces of the audience around him, the capable and rich man full of vanity, he said happily, "Shocked, aren't you? I'm not afraid of your jokes. I was shocked when I first heard the news, but that's the truth. If it weren't for that Prince Sauron personally took action, how many people in the world can assassinate the governor in Situ's lair?"

A poor scholar hiding in a corner said, "That master is right, but there is one thing I don't understand. It is rumored that the birth of a Martial God will cause changes in the world. Of course, Prince Sauron, who is a Martial God, has the ability to fight against thousands of troops. Take the head of the chief general, but with such a big commotion, it is impossible for Governor Situ to wait to die foolishly, right?"

The scholar's words resonated with everyone, everyone expressed their opinions, and the lobby was suddenly bustling like a vegetable market.

Someone said: "Yes, the vision of heaven and earth can give an early warning even if it is separated by hundreds of thousands of miles. Unless the old governor has lost his mind and went crazy, he will just stand there and wait for death."

Some people also said: "That's right, the old governor used all his strength to block the wolves in the northern part of the country for 18 years. I'm afraid he has been included in the list of the first kills of the wolves, but he has been living well for so many years." , how could Prince Sauron come out of thin air to assassinate him?" jj.br>

Some people even retorted: "It's a bunch of nonsense, full of loopholes, gossip is gossip, and it's just dirty the ears of a certain family!"

There were quite a few diners who agreed with the idea, and they left angrily one by one.

Seeing this, the capable and wealthy man immediately became unhappy, and stood up to argue, "Why did you dirty your ears? You are the only one who is rich? The war was earth-shattering and spread for hundreds of miles. Half of Qingzhou City was almost destroyed. , the Warlock Keqing raised by the Situ family is almost dead, if you have the ability, go to the Northeast Road to verify it, and see if the old man is talking nonsense!"

The man snorted angrily, "Just go, I'm afraid you won't make it? This old man can't get used to people who make noise and grab the crowd the most in my life, so I'm going to expose your western scene!"

The capable and rich man was furious, and couldn't help but cursed, "Damn old man, go, go now if you have the ability! Do you dare to make a bet with the old man, if the news is true, you have to kowtow to the old man in public to apologize, if it is a fake old man I will kowtow to you in public to apologize, how about it?"

There were two factions in the lobby, swearing at each other.

With a gloomy face, Yuan Yutang walked upstairs without saying a word.

Chen Changsheng didn't know why, but he didn't dare to disturb Yuan Yutang's expression that no one should enter, so he could only take Xie Xi back to his room to coax her to sleep.

Back in the room, Yuan Yutang took out a cigarette and puffed in the dark.

He smoked cigarettes one by one, but the irritability in his heart did not calm down in the slightest.

Others may not know why a Martial God can appear in the Northeast without warning, but Yuan Yutang knows.

A dragon vein that can travel thousands of miles in an instant...

Lan Kun told him that the northern dragon vein was divided into three parts, and the owner of one of the dragon veins happened to be in the northeast. It was Situ Shanu.

So... Brother Situ...

Have you really abandoned even the most basic conscience for the sake of power?

Colluding with foreign enemies, killing his father to seek a position...

What about that heroic and good man who was determined to rebuild the land for the country and the people?

Does it not exist anymore?

After learning the truth, Yuan Yutang felt like a knife was piercing his heart.

There was nothing to say all night, and the four of them packed up and prepared to go early the next morning.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's lost expression, Sun Yi hurriedly asked Chen Changsheng what happened.

Chen Changsheng couldn't answer why, so the two had no choice but to suppress their doubts and set off on the boat.

For the whole day, Yuan Yutang didn't say a word, even pistachio babbling couldn't make him speak.

Just when Sun Yi and the others were getting more and more worried, the captain of the boat suddenly came to report:

"Guest officer, there seems to be a sacrifice in the water area ahead, why don't we make a detour?"

Before Sun Yi and the others could answer, Yuan Yutang opened his mouth and said for the first time, "What kind of sacrifice needs passing ships to detour, isn't it the evil living sacrifice?"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 5 Gossip is free to read.




		