

Baiyun Temple is located on the top of Mount Taici in the territory of Haozhou, Sichuan-Shanxi Road. It is built on the mountain and faces south. It has a huge building complex, magnificent, sacred and magnificent.

It was night, and the atmosphere in Chenjiagou, more than 50 miles away from Taici Mountain, was oppressive and strange.

At this time, the night was dark, and the villagers, who were used to working at sunrise and resting at sunset, did not sleep in the house uncharacteristically. Instead, they gathered around a tile house like a swarm of bees, walking back and forth worriedly, and poking their heads into the overflowing lights from time to time. Looking through the window lattice, there seems to be something unspeakable.

The house is crowded with people, but the house is empty and sparse.

Under the light, there were two figures sitting opposite each other.

"Amitabha……"

"Almsgiver, life and death are definite. Since life is over, why don't you let go of your attachments and reincarnate?"

A soft and childish voice rang out, like a summer breeze blowing across the fields, making people feel calm after hearing it.

Facing the light was a thick-headed, pink and cute little monk, wearing a light gray monk's robe, with clasped hands, clear eyes, and a round bun face with a serenity that is not common at this age.

The backlit person on the opposite side curled up into a ball, almost blending into the shadows, making creepy laughs from time to time, and writhing their limbs unsteadily, with an unspeakable sense of disobedience.

"Hee hee, let go of your attachments? The little monk speaks without thinking. Is it still called an attachment if you can let go?"

"I don't want to be an enemy of you. If there is a wrong, there is a debtor. If one person does something, the other should be responsible. I will only collect debts from those who owe their lives, and I will never harm the innocent!"

Hearing the words, the little monk sighed in amazement, and said compassionately, "The mortal world is broken, the debt in this life is in this life, and when will the injustice be repaid...Even if the benefactor succeeds in revenge, can he get back the lost life? If not, why bother to add more sins?" Woolen cloth?

Little monk Baiyun, I wish to overcome the resentment in the heart of the benefactor, and send you to bliss early. "

Bang bang bang, bang bang~

As soon as the words fell, the whole tile house seemed to be hit by a magnitude 9 earthquake. All the furniture fell out of thin air, the porcelain was broken, and the earthen walls were cracked. It was extremely shocking.

This horrifying scene startled the villagers outside, and no one knew who yelled, and they scattered immediately.

"I don't care, murder pays for life, it's just, why should I let the murderer get away with it?"

"Avengers who dare to stop me will die!!"

The figure of the man jumped up like a cat whose tail had been stepped on, propped his hands on the table and howled sharply, a pair of fierce bloodshot eyes in the darkness almost wanted to kill someone.

Bai Yun remained unmoved in the face of the threat, and kept his brows downcast, as if he had no mood swings at all.

With a faint sigh, Bai Yun got up from his seat, raised his palm and said Amitabha, and then gently pulled up the hand of the figure of the man, and began to recite the mantra of the past life sincerely and compassionately.

"Let go, let me go!"

The image of the man struggling violently as if being burned by fire, but the hand still couldn't get rid of Bai Yun's control.

Immediately, the figure roared hysterically:

"Damn donkey, you forced me!"

Whoosh!

The next moment, the rickety furniture, pots and pans, knives and scissors in the room floated out of thin air, paused, and suddenly smashed through the air towards Baiyun.

Bai Yun focused on chanting sutras, turning a blind eye to the imminent crisis.

bang bang bang!

Debris of different sizes rained down on Baiyun's body, his head was punctured, and his monk's clothes were torn. In the blink of an eye, Baiyun had countless new wounds, and his whole body looked like he had just been fished out of a pool of blood.

Even so, he couldn't be shaken in the slightest.

The sound of chanting sutras full of compassion and vows slowly calmed down the figure of the man, and the grievances, unwillingness, and fear in his heart gradually dissipated.

As the last character fell, Baiyun exhaled softly, let go of the blood-stained palm of the figure, took two steps back lightly, and whispered softly:

"Amitabha, since the donor has not yet made a big mistake, and the resentment in his heart has disappeared, he should let go of his attachment as soon as possible, and turn his back on the shore, so good!"

There was a moment of silence, and the frozen figure bowed to the bloody Baiyun with tears streaming down his face, and said with a choked voice, "Thank you, Master, for your guidance, which prevented me from committing crimes. If there is an afterlife, I will repay the great kindness of the Master." Germany!"

After all, it was as if something invisible had detached from his body, and the figure fell straight back.

Seeing this, Bai Yun hurried up to help him up. He was clearly a middle-aged man who was almost out of shape.

After arranging the middle-aged man, Bai Yun had time to tidy up the messy appearance.

As soon as the mana was shaken, all the blood stains that seemed to be miserable disappeared miraculously.

The skin is fair and smooth, and there is no trace of a scar anywhere. The tragic situation just now was clearly done by Baiyun deliberately, in order to dissolve the grievance of the ghost possessing the middle-aged man.

Looking at the middle-aged man who was sleeping soundly with his brows stretched out, Bai Yun muttered with a wry smile, "You will die if you do many unrighteous actions. I can save you once, but not forever. I hope the benefactor can change his mind and do good deeds after encountering this catastrophe... ..."

"Namo Amitabha!!"

The matter was over, and Baiyun didn't linger, and rushed to the temple overnight.

Under the stars and the moon, there are only a few fields, and young monks walk in it, forming a strange scene that is both inconsistent and harmonious.

At dawn, he finally returned to the foot of Mount Taici.

Before he could go up the mountain, he unexpectedly saw a handsome monk walking from the mountain path wearing a new bag and dressed for a long journey.

"Brother Baixin, are you going on a long trip?"

"Junior Brother Baiyun, have you returned so quickly?"

The two said almost at the same time, and then looked at each other and smiled.

Bai Yun proclaimed a Buddha's name with one palm, and explained softly, "Ah, the world of mortals is like a guillotine, which messes up people's minds. A couple in distress who were originally in love with each other, unexpectedly met each other because of a few gossips, and finally caused an endless human tragedy. It’s really a trick of good fortune.”

The young monk named Bai Xin blinked playfully when he heard the words, and said with a gentle smile, "Isn't there a junior brother, you are here to help, and it will definitely resolve the cause and effect, and pay off the debt."

"Brother, what did you say? Misfortune has already happened. If you make up for it later, you will inevitably have regrets." Bai Yun replied with a wry smile, and then asked, "Didn't you just come back from Yunyou, senior brother? Why do you have to travel far away again?" ?”

Monk Baixin's face turned serious when he heard this, and he said solemnly, "Young brother, I don't know that the North Dragon Vein that disappeared for more than 300 years a year ago was divided into three parts, which indicates that the world is about to go into chaos.

The abbot master had a whim tonight, spying on the secrets of heaven, and learned that the enemy of Buddha thousands of years ago might break through the seal and come back to the world.

In this way, there will be no peace in the world.

The poor monk wanted to turn his bad luck into nothing before! "

After listening to Bai Yun, he sighed softly, folded his palms together and saluted, "Senior brother has the world in his heart, and I admire him very much. I don't know where this journey will go? And which Buddha's enemy will come to this world?"

Bai Xin looked to the southwest, remained silent for a while before saying in a concentrated voice:

"Shannan Luzhou, Hebo Tianwu!!"

Bai Yun's expression froze when he heard this, and he felt a throbbing inexplicably.

It seems that someone close to him will have something to do with this catastrophe! !


boom!

Fan Ruo Jiaolong churned in the pitch-black bottom, rolling up torrents.

Under the muddy water, there were two figures fighting fiercely like shadows.

Yuan Yutang blasted out with a fist, and immediately pushed the waves and split the waves, hitting Shui Hu like a thunderbolt.

The backhand of the water tiger is to strike back with a sharp claw.

Yuan Yutang returned to the defense in time to block, the double defenses of 'Silent Talisman Armor' and 'Tai Chi Force Field' couldn't stop them, they broke the defense directly, leaving three fish mouth-shaped wounds with deep bone visible on his arms.

The pain aroused Yuan Yutang's fierceness, roaring silently, advancing instead of retreating, bullying and sprinting, he seemed to disappear in the water in vain, and then an extraordinary darkness quickly struck.

After the darkness, there were seven clusters of light that were as bright as stars, instantly connecting into one piece, wrapping around Shuihu's neck like chasing after the soul.

"Fist Gang" - Beidou ecstasy!

This is the first time Yuan Yutang has used the Big Dipper Hook Soul under the blessing of subduing the dragon and subduing the tiger. It is far more powerful than ever before, and even the mighty water tiger feels the pressure.

Roar!

The water tiger's eyes were full of fierce light, and he roared awe-inspiringly. Countless circles of ripples visible to the naked eye spread away at an extremely fast speed, and the surging demon power broke out without reservation, instantly shattering the entanglement of Beidou's ecstasy.

However, when the darkness dissipated and the light sickle shattered, Shuihu still couldn't find Yuan Yutang.

The next moment, Shuihu felt his hair stand on end suddenly, and galloped forward without thinking.

Unfortunately, it was too late.

Yuan Yutang appeared behind Shuihu like a ghost, and silently punched his back.

In an instant, time and space seemed to be frozen.

The seemingly understated punch touched Shuihu's back, and a vast and turbulent terrifying force erupted instantly.

Even though the sound could not be transmitted in the water, Yuan Yutang still heard the roar of the giant dragon in a trance.

The ultimate mystery of "Fist Gang" - Julong strike!

After fighting for so long, Yuan Yutang has been showing the enemy weak, just for this moment!

boom!

The extremely heavy one-yuan heavy water was forced to open a vacuum zone with a diameter of ten feet away, and the violent force exploded like a shattering one.

The water tiger was invulnerable, its back, which was as firm as gold and iron, was instantly blasted to bloody flesh, and flew away like a shell fired.

Gaining power is not forgiving, even after the eruption, Yuan Yutang still urges his last strength to catch up, trying to kill Shuihu.

But when he tried his best to catch up with Shuihu, what greeted him was a pair of cold red eyes without emotion.

Tom!

Under the circumstances of being completely unable to react in time, Yuan Yutang received a solid punch.

Terrifying force came out from behind, pulling the water to form a huge vortex.

Yuan Yutang couldn't figure out why the Shuihu, whose body had been blasted to pieces, could still fight back.

All the internal organs were twisted into minced meat, and he was knocked down from the top of the cloud in the blink of an eye, and fell into a dying state.

Vaguely, he seemed to see a huge tiger-like monster with eight human heads and ten tails slowly emerging from the bottom of the water.

Immediately afterwards, he seemed to see a brilliant white light break through the water, and then Buzhou Mountain, which suppressed Lan Kun's primordial spirit in the sea of ​​consciousness, trembled crazily, and passed out.

And before he fell into a coma, he seemed to hear an inexplicable conversation intermittently.

"...Lan Kun, Tian Wu, you are all here... I just happened to settle the old accounts of tens of thousands of years ago with you!!!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 31 Enemy of the Buddha is free to read.




		