

Shh~

Amid the sound of rushing through the air, a stream of light shot straight into the sky, and when the upward momentum was exhausted, it exploded suddenly.

The blazing glare turned into a blooming lotus, dispelled the darkness, and illuminated a mile around as bright as day.

Ahead is a large group of knights chasing a white-faced scholar riding a giant kite.

Yuan Yutang's face was extremely solemn, and in the middle of the night, a chasing team appeared in the barren mountains and wild mountains, God knows what trouble it will cause.

Based on the principle that one thing more is worse than one thing less, he wanted to pull Lan Xi aside to avoid it.

Unexpectedly, a familiar rough voice suddenly came from among the knights:

"Ahead is the head of Jingshan Zong Yuan?"

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, and hurriedly gathered his eyes to look.

I saw that the leading knight was a tall and mighty bearded man, his hair and beard stood up like swords and halberds as he galloped wildly, his burly muscles almost bursting his robes.

Isn't this person the evil house of Daxia Zhenmai, Ye Diaolang, who has met Yuan Yutang several times?

In this situation, Yuan Yutang immediately understood that it must be Zhenmasi who was hunting down the demon.

Sure enough, as he expected, Qian Duobao shouted in surprise, "Master Yuan, quickly stop that monster in the sky!"

When Yuan Yutang heard this, he smiled helplessly.

I didn't want to be nosy, but since I met acquaintances, I couldn't stay abroad.

It's just that he is seriously injured now, and he can't do it easily, so he immediately shouted softly, "'Brother Pingtou', shoot down that big bird in the sky!"

The 'Brother Pingtou' who was happily eating pears instantly turned into a flash of lightning when he heard the words, like an eagle hitting the sky, and flew towards the white-faced scholar whizzing by on a giant kite.

The white-faced scholar with oily hair and pink face is extremely handsome. He wears a tall Confucian crown and a big red flower in his ear, which is indescribably enchanting and weird.

Seeing someone who dared to block his way, he immediately fought back fiercely.

With a wave of his hand, dozens of cold lights scattered away like flowers scattered by a goddess.

Just at this time, 'Brother Flathead' slapped his horse and slammed into the dense cold light.

bang bang bang!

In an instant, like a chemical experiment accident, the night sky was filled with thick smoke and a burning fire.

Yuan Yutang was taken aback, worried that 'Brother Pingtou' might be in danger, so he prepared to forcibly launch a supernatural rescue.

Fortunately, before he could act, the continuous flames were torn apart by a flash of lightning.

"Wow~"

An angry cub screamed, and the electric light suddenly accelerated, so fast that the naked eye couldn't catch it, and it pierced through the giant kite in an instant.

The white-faced scholar saw the situation was not good and dodged ahead of time, so that Hao Xuan was not directly pierced by the electric light.

Even so, the giant kite he was riding on was scrapped directly, and he was forced to fall from the sky.

Tread Tread!

At this time, Qian Duobao and others also rushed over in time, like a river diverging, a dozen knights divided into two groups, and surrounded the white-faced scholar who had just landed.

Shh~

The retired 'Brother Pingtou' flashed back into Yuan Yutang's arms and continued to concentrate on dealing with the two big pears in his hand.

Yuan Yutang rubbed its little head lovingly, then told Lanxi to take care of the horse, and walked towards Qian Duobao and the others alone.

At this time, the situation has been completely arrested and controlled by the town magicians. This time, the white-faced scholar can't fly even if he has wings.

The white-faced scholar was also a bachelor, knowing that there was no hope of escape, he simply surrendered on the spot.

It's all set, money

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Duobao couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief, and immediately arranged for people to arrest and control him.

This white-faced scholar is a new flower-picking thief in Sanshan Road. In just a few months, he has harmed more than 20 yellow-flowered girls. It took months to find out his whereabouts.

The round-up, which he thought was foolproof, was eventually run away by the white-faced scholar on a giant kite.

If he hadn't just met Yuan Yutang, he might have really escaped from the law.

The white-faced scholar was arrested by the Zhenmagic Division and controlled by special locks specially designed to deal with warlocks, but his eyes were fixed on Yuan Yutang.

Suddenly he smiled brightly at Yuan Yutang, "Just now I was 'taken care of' by Mr. Lang, and I asked Mr. Lang to leave his name. There will be 'rewards' in the future!"

Qian Duobao turned sullen when he heard the words, and shouted, "How can there be so much nonsense and so much reward? Whether you can survive this winter or not!"

"Come on, hold it down!"

Immediately afterwards, the white-faced scholar was pushed and shoved by two arresters and taken away.

Before leaving, the white-faced scholar gave a strange smile, his eyes passed over the crowd, and fell on Lan Xi in the distance.

Until now, Qian Duobao has time to catch up with Yuan Yutang.

"Master Yuan, thanks to your help this time, otherwise, if this prostitute escaped, I don't know how many young girls would be ruined." Qian Duobao solemnly clasped his fists in thanks.

Yuan Yutang responded with a smile and said, "Brother Qian is too serious, a little effort is nothing to worry about."

"Hahaha." Qian Duobao laughed heartily, "It's rare for us brothers to get together today, and we have to drink a few glasses of everything. Let's go back to the county town. Tonight we brothers will not be drunk or return home."

Yuan Yutang couldn't refuse Qian Duobao's kindness, so he agreed, and took Lanxi to Wanwan County with the arrest of the town magician.

After arriving at the government office, Yuan Yutang saw that Lanxi was drowsy, so he asked her to go back to her room to rest earlier, while he and Qian Duobao drank together to reminisce about the old days.

The ancient government office can be regarded as a multifunctional small fortress, which can barely be regarded as a city within a city. It has an independent water supply system and many guest rooms, which can accommodate the entire government team to live together at the same time.

Lan Xi hugged the 'Brother Pingtou' who had fallen asleep a long time ago and returned to the passenger compartment. Before she even had time to take off her clothes, she fell into bed and fell asleep.

In the middle of the night, in a daze, I felt that someone touched my bed in the dark, and I woke up from my sleep immediately, opening my mouth to scream.

Unexpectedly, the man said in time, "Don't panic, it's me."

Lan Xi was stunned, and asked suspiciously, "My lord? Why didn't you go back to your room to rest, and instead came to me? Could it be that you're too drunk and don't know the way?"

She sighed in the gesture of "Master" in her mouth, exhaled a strong smell of alcohol, and sat down beside Lan Xi, sighing, "It's not that the bearded thief is unkind, knowing that I can't hold alcohol, but still pouring alcohol desperately."

As he spoke, he stretched his legs and fell on the bed, saying incoherently, "I'm so drunk, my dear Lanxi, why don't you serve the young master to undress and go to bed?"

Lan Xi vaguely felt that something was wrong. The 'Master' seemed to be different from usual, but his voice and body shape were the same.

In the middle of the night, it's not easy to light a lamp and start a fire.

After hesitating for a moment, he was ready to get up and wait for the 'Young Master' to undress.

Unexpectedly, just as she lifted the quilt, she was suddenly embraced by the person on the bed, and with a cry of surprise, the two immediately rolled into a ball.

In such a situation, no matter how slow Lan Xi's reaction was, he still knew something was wrong. Just as he was about to desperately resist, he suddenly smelled a sweet and greasy breath in his nostrils, and suddenly he was in a trance.

"My dear Lanxi, you miss me~"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The man walked frivolously with his hands on Lan Xi's body, but the words in his mouth were affectionate, which made Lan Xi feel a sense of dryness and heat overflowing from the bottom of his heart, as if all the strength in his body evaporated in an instant, and he was as soft as mud to let him use it.

The mischievous hands on her body seemed to have an astonishing magical power. Every inch she touched, Lan Xi felt her heart pounding. She clearly resisted, but she couldn't bear to stop. This was the first time in her history that she encountered such a weird situation.

Seeing the beauty move, let you pick it.

In the darkness, the man grinned silently, and wanted to stretch out his hand to peel off Lanxi's clothes.

Suddenly.

The closed door was violently kicked away, and several figures holding torches rushed in, rushing towards the bed without saying a word.

"How courageous, dare to bully grandpa!"

The person at the head was furious, and punched out like a tiger.

The person on the bed screamed strangely, a cloud of green smoke rose suddenly, and the unstoppable punch fell through the air, breaking a big hole in the wall.

At this time, Lan Xi just woke up like a dream, her pink face turned red, and she came back to her senses after watching Yuan Yutang and Qian Duobao who suddenly appeared.

Yuan Yutang's face was as black as the bottom of a pot, and his pupils were full of boiling murderous aura.

Just now, he and Qian Duobao were having a good time drinking, when suddenly an arrest came and reported that the prostitute was missing in the prison.

The two of them were taken aback immediately, and the feeling of drunkenness disappeared immediately, and they couldn't figure out how the white-faced scholar escaped the shell under the heavy supervision.

This adulterer is extremely cunning, if he is not caught and brought to justice as soon as possible, there will be endless disasters.

Just as Qian Duobao was about to lead people to search the city, Yuan Yutang suddenly remembered the threat that the prostitute had posed to him before he left.

Without caring to tell Qian Duobao, he hurried to Lanxi's room.

Fortunately, he reacted in time, and if it was a little later, Lanxi would lose his innocence.

Looking at Lan Xi who just woke up from Haitang Chunshui, Yuan Yutang didn't know whether to be angry or blame himself.

But if the prostitute dares to attack the people around him, then the problem will become serious.

No matter what, he must seek justice for Lanxi.

Qian Duobao asked his subordinates to hunt down the adulterer quickly, he hesitated to speak, and finally patted the sullen Yuan Yutang on the shoulder, and left in silence.

When there was no one else in the room, Yuan Yutang felt a headache for no reason.

Women in ancient times valued their reputation more than their lives. Once a girl who was not a boudoir was insulted, she would die to defend her chastity.

Yuan Yutang was very afraid that Lan Xi would be overwhelmed.

But he didn't know how to solve it.

After thinking about it for a long time, I had no choice but to bite the bullet and pass.

Before he could speak, the dazed Lan Xi suddenly hugged his waist, and whispered shyly, "Young master, what you said just now made me very happy, can you tell me more in the future~"

Yuan Yutang: ...

This girl hasn't figured out the situation yet! !

To think of him as a thief who almost defiled her, how heartless is this~

In such a situation, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt dumb eating Coptis chinensis, and couldn't explain the pain.

No explanation, no explanation, no, his hatred for the prostitute is more violent than before, and he can't wait to tear him apart!

After finally calming down Lan Xi, Yuan Yutang squeezed the back of the neck of 'Brother Pingtou' who was still sleeping soundly, and rushed out with a gloomy expression.

He's going to kill that bastard who took the blame for him with his own hands! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		