

The three figures jumped down from the height of twenty feet like flying birds, and they didn't startle a speck of dust when they landed.

The person in the head is the chief Elder Tantai of the Discipline Hall with high authority in Qingtian Peak, and the two behind him are Si Haoyu and Sun Yi.

Elder Tantai frowned, and looked around the razed ten-mile open space without saying a word, with complex and incomprehensible expressions flashing in his eyes.

He didn't speak, Si Haoyu and Sun Yi didn't dare to talk too much, and stood aside with a heavy heart.

Not long after, more than a dozen figures gathered from all directions Yujian.

"Report to Elder Tantai, the disciples have searched the entire Shura Garden, and did not find any trace of the imprisoned demon..." The second bronze gate guard swordsman who spoke was carefully observing the expression of Elder Tantai.

Elder Tantai hummed expressionlessly, then stopped talking.

The guarding swordsman hesitated for a moment, and couldn't help but said, "Elder Tantai, all the demons and monsters imprisoned in the Shura Garden have evaporated. If they all escape the outside world, they may suffer endless troubles. Why don't they report to the sword head first and send disciples down the mountain to search?"

After hearing the words, Elder Tantai finally changed his expression a little, let out a heavy breath, and said slightly tired, "No need, those demons are all dead."

"All dead?"

As soon as this statement came out, the faces of the people present were extremely horrified.

You must know that the demonic monsters imprisoned here are all powerful demonic monsters for a while, not to mention powerful, and extremely difficult to kill, otherwise Qingtian Peak would not spend a lot of time imprisoning them instead of saving trouble with a sword.

It's unimaginable that so many monsters were slaughtered in one day.

If this conclusion did not come from the mouth of the venerable Elder Tantai, no one would believe it even if killed.

Elder Tantai bent down and picked up a handful of soil from the ground, put it on his nose and sucked it lightly, and said worriedly, "According to the remaining aura at the scene, the assailant's realm is unfathomable, even if he is not a top-level immortal, he probably is." Not far off."

After hearing this, everyone was dumbfounded again.

This conclusion is as shocking as the previous one.

Obediently, the realm of earth immortals is rare in the world, except for those hidden immortals who can't see their heads and tails, there are definitely no more than twenty earth immortals known in the world today, how rare they are.

This kind of legendary figure would suddenly sneak into the Prisoner's Cave, with the purpose of slaughtering those evil monsters?

Is this really the case?

No matter how you think about it, it feels extremely weird.

The fourth Haoyu City Mansion is the deepest, and he was the first to come back to his senses, and boldly stepped forward and asked, "Dare to ask Elder Tantai, according to your deduction, which old god did this?"

Originally, he didn't expect Elder Tantai to answer, the purpose of Si Haoyu's questioning was just to impress him with his calmness.

Unexpectedly, Elder Tantai answered abnormally.

"I don't know, that person's aura is majestic and holy, high above the ground, even with my knowledge, I can't deduce which Earth Immortal did it."

Elder Tantai sighed quietly, and said with a little self-reproach, "This matter has been personally reported to the head of the sword, so you don't need to worry too much. The most urgent thing is..."

After a pause, Elder Tantai closed his eyes in pain, "...Let's look for it first, if we can find Zhou An's body..."

To be honest, those monsters have sinned so badly, they will die when they die, it doesn't matter which earth fairy did it, as long as

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

But Zhou An's death was different.

The loss of such a peerless genius undoubtedly made Elder Tantai heartbroken.

When Sun Yi and Si Haoyu heard the words, they immediately showed sadness in their eyes.

Sun Yi simply mourned the unfortunate death of his disciple, while Si Haoyu's mourning was much more complicated.

He originally planned to help Elder Tantai get down the steps before suggesting that Yuan Yutang be imprisoned in the Devil's Prisoner's Cave for thirty days, but he didn't expect such a disaster to happen just after he was imprisoned, and he couldn't help but began to worry about whether he would be implicated.

It is true that the Devil Prisoner's Nest is extremely dangerous, but no matter how dangerous it is, it is all under Qingtian Peak's control.

If there is no help, an eight-year-old child will never survive thirty days if thrown into it rashly.

But if someone secretly helped, then these thirty days would be as easy as a play, and the so-called punishment was just a play.

Originally, Elder Tantai and Fourth Haoyu planned to let the guard swordsmen secretly take care of Yuan Yutang, and this kind of thing happened in the end.

Even many monsters in the Immortal Realm are hard to escape, no matter how optimistic people are, they dare not think that Yuan Yutang is still alive.

The so-called search for the corpse was just Elder Tantai's last remedy.

For such a serious accident, Jianshou will definitely be held accountable afterwards.

Elder Tantai was not afraid of being held accountable, he was just annoyed, annoyed why he insisted on saving face, why he didn't forcefully protect Yuan Yutang before, resulting in the loss of a peerless genius comparable to Baili Yinghua.

Just when everyone thought Yuan Yutang was dead, suddenly a swordsman came with a sword in his arms, and before the flying sword stopped, he hurriedly jumped down from the sky and said ecstatically, "Elder Tantai, I found Zhou An..."

Elder Tantai was startled, and subconsciously looked into the swordsman's arms, and sure enough, he saw Yuan Yutang lying quietly in his arms, and couldn't help feeling sad for a moment, his tiger eyes were flushed, almost weeping, he turned around suddenly Go, said in a low voice, "...then take him down the mountain and return him to his parents, sooner... let's go to the ground sooner for peace..."

After hearing this, the swordsman couldn't help but froze for a moment, and said in a daze, "It's safe to be buried in the ground? Why is it safe to be buried in the ground? Zhou An is still alive!"

Suddenly, Elder Tantai turned around sharply, strode forward and snatched Zhou An, hurriedly sniffed him, found that his breathing was steady, and instantly turned his sorrow into joy, "I'm still alive, I'm really alive, hahaha, God bless me!" Tianfeng~"

Fourth Haoyu and Sun Yi couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief after hearing this.

Just live.

As long as Zhou An is still alive, it's easy to say anything.

Elder Tantai was afraid that Yuan Yutang's precious pimple would have another problem, so he refused to stay for a moment, hugged him and jumped onto the flying sword, and left with the sword at top speed.

"Leave the aftermath behind, and I will take Zhou An to heal his wounds!"

When Elder Tantai left, Si Haoyu smiled at his good friend Sun Yi with complicated eyes, "It seems that Elder Tantai really loves Zhou An, Brother Sun is so lucky to dig out such a genius for the sect, and come back from experience It will definitely be of great use.”

Sun Yi sneered back, but did not answer.

What happened today created an irreparable rift between the originally close friends.

After confirming that his beloved disciple was safe, Sun Yi couldn't help feeling sad, because he would be forced to go down the mountain soon, and if he didn't kill a thousand demons within five years, he would never return.


The movement in the Prisoner's Nest was so great that it shocked the entire Qingtian Peak.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Elder Tantai is now only thinking about ensuring Yuan Yutang's safety, and taking control of the sword all the way, regardless of the many disciples who have fallen into panic because of his strange behavior.

When he was about to reach the peak, Elder Tantai suddenly noticed a figure appearing in front of him, and immediately slowed down.

"Tantai, why are you so panicked? Could it be that something uncontrollable happened in the Prisoner's Nest?"

A handsome young man with sword eyebrows and star eyes, with vicissitudes of life, hovered in the air with his feet on a flying sword, and asked faintly.

Elder Tantai greeted him sincerely and said, "Tantaile has seen the sword head, the situation is urgent, and I will go to Elder Lanyue with a certain family, and I will explain it on the way."

Qingtian Peak Sword Leader Shen Tujie, who looked exactly like a young man in his early twenties, was stunned. He had known Tantai Le for almost fifty years, and he had rarely seen him lose his composure, so he immediately moved out of the way.

It was widely rumored that Shen Tujie had been sitting in the death gate five years ago to meet the catastrophe. Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang's big commotion shocked the world's No. 1 sword.

The two flew with their swords one after the other. On the way, Tantai Le briefly explained the ins and outs to Shen Tujie. After a while, they came to an elegant loft built on the moon pool on the peak.

Tan Taile hurried in with Yuan Yutang in his arms, Shen Tujie looked at his back thoughtfully.


At the foot of the mountain, Baili Yingjie was flying with his sword around Monica's waist.

"Mr. Baili, can you hurry up? I can't feel the breath of the bright cross."

The Western Continent is already developed, and there is no embarrassment to the difference between men and women to the point where Daxia is so harsh. Monica is burning with anxiety, a pair of jade arms tightly wrapped around Baili Yinghua's neck, and half of her delicate body is almost attached to it. On Baili Yinghua, she urged repeatedly.

This made Baili Yinghua suffer, I saw him blushing, it was the first time he was so close to the opposite sex at such a young age, for a while, the fragrant wind wafted through his nostrils, and the warm and soft jade in his arms made him uncomfortable and extremely confused.

Hearing Monica's request, Baili Yinghua's mind moved immediately, and the flying sword, which was already close to the speed of sound, broke through the sound barrier in an instant, blasting a cone-shaped airflow and rushing away.

Qingtian Peak has a radius of hundreds of miles, which is a no-fly zone. If a non-member of this sect dares to fly at will, he will be hit by a thunderbolt from the Dharma protectors.

Of course, Baili Yinghua, who is a contemporary senior brother, is not within the restriction.

Passing through layers of invisible light curtains, Baili Yinghua soon brought Monica to the outside of the prisoner's cave full of figures.

Those disciples who rushed to help defend when they saw someone coming with a sword, immediately felt like they were facing a big enemy, and after seeing that it was Baili Yinghua, they saluted respectfully.

Baili Yinghua floated down from the sky with Monica in her arms, and immediately asked a junior, "What happened in the Prisoner's Cave that made it so laborious?"

The disciple was just about to answer, but when he saw Monica rushing in, he instinctively wanted to stop her.

"It's okay, let her go." Baili Yinghua hurriedly ordered.

With Baili Yinghua's words, Monica went all the way unimpeded, and went straight to Shura Garden, where the security had increased tenfold.

When she came to the tragic ten-mile white field, Monica knelt on the ground dazzled, picked up a handful of soil, rubbed it carefully, and wept to herself, "Yes, this is the breath of the Bright Cross. Your Excellency did not Lie to me, the Bright Cross is really in Daxia, woo woo woo~"

Seeing the beautiful woman weeping, Baili Yinghua, who already knew the whole story, seemed to be grasping her heart, and secretly realized that no matter what, she would help Monica find the treasure of the sect she was looking for so hard.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		