

Regarding the potential of the human body, there have been countless arguments and conjectures on the earth.

Theoretically, the potential of the human body is unlimited.

And there are countless examples in reality, such as the grandson being crushed under the car, the elderly grandma actually lifted the car with bare hands to rescue the grandson, and the child fell from more than ten floors, and the mother ran a hundred meters in a few seconds to catch him. A series of bizarre cases, such as living with children, all prove the existence of human potential.

But until Yuan Yutang traveled to the world of Liaozhai, although the scientific community knew the possibility of the potential explosion of the human body, they couldn't find an accurate way to activate it.

However, in the scientifically barren world of Liaozhai, Yuan Yutang was fortunate enough to see with his own eyes the correct use of human potential.

"Zhuzi, dare you!"

Bai Shanhe yelled in vain, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang dragging a series of afterimages in an instant.

""Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers", Taishan style!"

Suddenly.

Bai Shanhe punched, and a special energy comparable to mana's internal force erupted in an instant. The fist seemed to turn into Mount Tai in an instant, and smashed towards Yuan Yutang fiercely.

Huh~

Before the fist arrived, Yuan Yutang was almost unable to stand still due to the bitter wind.

Knowing that he should not be underestimated, he hastily let go of Zhao Dazhi who was about to lose consciousness, and the golden light was continuously activated, which flashed more than a hundred feet away.

Rumble!

Yuan Yutang suddenly heard a loud noise, and then stared dumbfounded at a small mushroom cloud rising exaggeratedly not far away, his heart twitching.

This is amazing!

Is it manpower or missiles?

Do you want to be so exaggerated?

After the astonishment, I was even more frightened for a while. Fortunately, I hid quickly. If I was bombarded on my body just now, wouldn't my body be smashed to pieces?

Until now, he still doesn't know where the Baishanhe is.

Rocks fell like rain, and dust filled the sky. After the smoke settled, a large pit with a diameter of at least ten feet suddenly appeared at the position just now.

Bai Shanhe's face was extremely gloomy, and he stood in the air, staring at Yuan Yutang firmly.

Bai Ling'er and the others also fell from the sky, anxiously surrounding Zhao Da, who was in a trance, to check his injuries.

"Master, please kill that villain and avenge the two senior brothers~" Bai Ling'er hugged the dying Zhao Dadai with tears in her eyes, crying like a cuckoo weeping blood.

"Don't worry, anyone who offends my High Heaven Pavilion will definitely end badly in the end!" Bai Shanhe said in a frosty tone.

It was only at this time that Yuan Yutang suddenly realized.

It turned out to be a disciple of the High Heaven Pavilion from the line of physical cultivation, no wonder his strength is so exaggerated. @·No fault first launch~~

Just now he clearly felt that in the terrifying force that caused the missile explosion, the proportion of mana was very small, and it was more of another unknown energy.

Is that the secret power of the human body that the body cultivators are striving for?

Yuan Yutang suddenly smiled and said, "You guys are really funny. You were the ones who attacked me first, and then besieged me with more people and less people. In the end, I beat them to death and disabled two of them. Now you will beat me up." , Let Naimu finish all the truth! It’s still famous and authentic, I bah!"

"Zhuzi, don't let your tongue out again!"

Bai Shanhe flew into a rage, and rushed towards him at an astonishing speed with a bang.

Yuan Yutang's spirit immediately froze, his mana surged, and he prepared for a rainy day with the "Silent Battle Armor" with the highest defensive power.

I have long heard of the great reputation of the body repairer, but being famous is not as good as meeting him. It is a rare opportunity, so let him experience the excellence of a **** repairer!

""Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers", Jianghai style!"

Bang Bang Bang!

Yuan Yutang's hair stood on end suddenly, Bai Shanhe was still a short distance away from him, he could clearly hear the rapid acceleration of the blood flow in Bai Shanhe's body, feeling oppressive in a trance like huge waves crashing on the shore.

boom!

The unpretentious punch blasted the air, and Bai Shanhe appeared in front of him dragging a cone-shaped cyclone inexplicably.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, his legs were like the roots of old trees, deeply rooted in the ground, his hands quickly made circles, layer upon layer, faintly visible the frame of Tai Chi in his previous life, like a giant spider spinning silk, instantly forming a ring Interlocking defensive force fields.


Fist Gang" - Taichi force field!

It was too late and then it was too fast, Bai Shanhe's icy fist peak struck in an instant, like a meteorite falling from the sky, smashing fiercely into the Tai Chi force field.

The core of Taijiquan is to turn action into inaction, and move a thousand catties with four or two.

It is true that the force of four ounces can move a thousand catties, but what if a thousand catties is replaced by ten thousand catties, one hundred thousand catties, or one million catties?

The answer is simple, nothing more than a crash.

Ping ping pong!

Like glass being shattered, Yuan Yutang's Tai Chi force field for the first time could not withstand the tyrannical destruction of the Baishan River, Jianghai style, and most of it was shattered in an instant.

Yuan Yutang was not surprised by this, and he didn't expect the Tai Chi force field to completely stop Bai Shanhe's terrifying move from the beginning.

However, it is impossible for Jiang Haishi to break through the defense of the Tai Chi force field in an instant. With such a small gap, his goal has been achieved.

Yuan Yutang abruptly withdrew from the Tai Chi force field and smiled intriguingly.

Bai Shanhe, who was in a rage, was unmoved, and was about to go all out to increase his strength, trying to smash Yuan Yutang, the hateful thief, into a pulp with one punch, when suddenly his heart skipped a beat, and an ominous feeling of premonition suddenly surged into his heart.

"not good!"

There is no turning back arrow when opening the bow, although Bai Shanhe's destructive power is extremely astonishing, because of this, it is easy to make a move and difficult to close a move, which gave Yuan Yutang an opportunity to take advantage of it.

Yuan Yutang once again cast the vertical golden light, teleported twenty feet away, and then a strong wave of mana suddenly erupted on his two legs, and shot out like a strong arrow, and he came in front of Bai Ling'er and the others in an instant .

"Hee hee, little girl, I sent you to kill me, are you surprised or not?"

Yuan Yutang suddenly made a face at Bai Linger, and said with a playful smile.

"Ah~" Bai Ling'er screamed like a frightened rabbit and fell to the ground.

The other four intact disciples reacted a little slower, and when they came back to their senses, they found that the junior sister had fallen into the enemy's hands.

"Don't move around, or I'll kill this girl!" Yuan Yutang instantly imprisoned Bai Ling'er's mana hole, wrapped her strong palm around Bai Ling'er's slender and fair neck, and threatened with a playful smile .

"Thief, man, what kind of a hero is a man who kidnaps a woman, if he has the ability, let Ling'er fight with me for three hundred rounds!"

At this time, Bai Shanhe hurried back, seeing Bai Ling'er being kidnapped by Yuan Yutang, his nose turned out of anger, and he cursed loudly.

Yuan Yutang sneered, and sarcastically said, "Are you stupid? You still act like a hero when you know you can't do it? Isn't it funny? Don't move around, be careful when I'm startled and inattentive, I just squeeze this little cutie's neck!"

Bai Ling'er, who was bound around her neck and couldn't move, was shocked and angry, her beautiful eyes flushed red with anger, and she shed two lines of humiliating tears.

With a noble status, she has been treated as the jewel in the palm of her hand since she was a child. When has she ever been humiliated like this?

Not only was her innocence insulted by that sweaty villain, but she was also belittled in public. At this moment, she wished she could peel Yuan Yutang's skin and convulse.

Don't be afraid to throw a mouse, even if you are as arrogant as Bai Shanhe, you will not dare to act rashly.

"What exactly do you want? Let go of Linger, I will spare your life, I swear to God!"

Bai Shanhe's carelessness caused Bai Ling'er to fall into Yuan Yutang's hands. He regretted and was extremely angry, but Bai Ling'er's safety was at stake, and even if he was unwilling, he could only compromise.

Yuan Yutang tried his best to stick his body behind Bai Ling'er, trying not to show any excess limbs, and said tauntingly, "Hahaha, weren't you so arrogant just now? I'm standing here for you to kill, do you dare to come? "

Bai Shanhe has been pampered and pampered for many years, and he can't remember the last time when he was ridiculed like this, and he couldn't help but feel so angry that his blood vessels burst.

The four male disciples were filled with righteous indignation, and secretly vowed in their hearts that no matter how far they chased him to the ends of the earth, they would definitely tear Yuan Yutang's body to pieces.

Bai Ling'er watched her master being humiliated, and wanted to go all out to destroy her soul, but unfortunately all her mana was imprisoned by Yuan Yutang, and she couldn't even speak.

From the beginning of the Baishanhe sneak attack, Yuan Yutang knew that he was not an opponent.

The reason why he has always shown the stupefied style of preferring death to submission is of course that he has lost his mind.

He was confronting Zhang Feixiao.

During the war, it was observed that Bai Shanhe seemed to attach great importance to that female apprentice, so he immediately made a plan and beat Zhang Feilou to death, and then disabled Zhao Dada, in order to lure Bai Shanhe to do it himself.

Only when Bai Shanhe leaves Bai Ling'er can he take advantage of it.

There is only one chance, if Bai Linger's weight is not as important as he imagined, Yuan Yutang may fall into the danger of eternal doom.

Fortunately, God blessed him, and he made the right bet.

Bai Ling'er's identity is definitely more important than he imagined.

Rare goods are available, and Yuan Yutang, who is confident and confident, vents his grievances to his heart's content.

After scolding happily, Yuan Yutang suddenly changed the subject and shouted at Bai Shanhe when he saw that Bai Shanhe and the others were about to bear it no longer.

"It's not impossible to let me go, but you have to do something for me!"

Bai Shanhe was startled, and asked through gritted teeth, "What's the matter?"

Yuan Yutang pretended to be relaxed and smiled, "Don't worry, I won't force you to die. Besides, you can't be willing to die, so there is no need to worry."

"You!" Bai Shanhe stared angrily.

"To the southeast, three hundred and seventy-two feet, there is a bone under the glazed paste, bring it to me, and I will release him!" Yuan Yutang said solemnly.

Bai Shanhe stared at Yuan Yutang with fire-breathing eyes for a long time, then gritted his teeth and said with a sinister smile, "No wonder you would rather die than plot against me. It turns out that the guardian bone of the mountain god has been completely preserved... I want me to help you get it." Divine bone? Yes, but you have to swear!"

Yuan Yutang swore to the sky in a very lonely manner, "I, Yuan Yutang, swear to the sky today, if you help me get the guardian bone, I will release him immediately. If you break this oath, the sky will be struck by lightning, and there will be no redemption!"

Warlocks go against the sky and are bound by the way of heaven. The oaths they make must be carried out. If they dare to break them, they will definitely end badly.

Now that Yuan Yutang had already made an oath, Bai Shanhe didn't have any worries, he snorted coldly, glared at Yuan Yutang with dark and resentful eyes, pulled away and flew to the place Yuan Yutang designated.

With a volley of palms, the Kuili and gorgeous molten glass splashed like a volcanic eruption.

The melted glaze that bloomed like fireworks was mixed with a palm-sized fan-shaped bone that shone with precious light.

When Bai Shanhe took a picture from the air, the fan-shaped bones automatically flew into his palm.

Taking a look at the rare bone in his hand, Bai Shanhe threw it to Yuan Yutang without frowning.

Yuan Yutang received the guardian bone with great excitement. Although there is an artifact made of hundreds of guardian bones, it is the first time he has seen the true face of the guardian bone, and his first reaction It's just shit, this thing is worth a lot of money!

"The guardian bone has been given to you, shouldn't it be time to let him go?" Bai Shanhe growled with a face as heavy as water.

Yuan Yutang's eyes were set, he didn't care about admiring the guardian bone, and smiled meanly, "I'm sorry, I can't let him go until I'm sure it's safe.".


		