

When Yuan Yutang carried Di Shizun's head back to the Tongxin Inn in Guobei County, only Lan Xi and Chen Changsheng were there, but Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi were nowhere to be seen.

After thinking for a while, Yuan Yutang felt relieved.

No matter how unbearable Di Shizun is, his status is always here.

Do you really think it's a joke to randomly assassinate a third-rank official from the imperial court?

Such a sudden sudden death of a senior member of the Dao, no matter how much the other high-level officials like to fight in the nest, they will inevitably feel threatened, and no matter how slow the reaction is, they will inevitably explode into thunderous anger.

After taking Di Shizun's head off, he returned to Guobei County smoothly all the way.

If there is no accident, the two big brothers should have dealt with him secretly.

It's really hard for two people.

Obviously wishing to tear the skin and bones of the female god Di Shizun, but due to the secular rules, he could only endure it bitterly, saying that he would stop Yuan Yutang from messing around no matter what, and when the rice was cooked, he would go crazy Take the initiative to wipe your ass.

It's really hard for those two arrogant guys.

Lan Xi didn't know why he went there last night, yawning and holding the cute snow-white mengmo was listless, Chen Changsheng also had dark circles under his eyes, and his spirit was a little listless.

Yuan Yutang was curious, so he asked Chen Changsheng, "What did you guys do last night? Why do you feel like you haven't slept all night?"

Chen Changsheng gave Yuan Yutang a blank look, and snorted indignantly, "As soon as you arrived in Guobei County, you left me and Lanxi behind, and you were so mysterious and invisible all day long, how dare you ask us why we went? So that you can take us out to experience, is there anyone who leads people to experience like you? We are bored all day, why don't we find some entertainment to pass the day?"

Feeling Chen Changsheng's resentment, Yuan Yutang, who had an intuitive sense of wrongdoing, did not dare to quibble, hooked Chen Changsheng's shoulder with a smile and joked, "Hey, my family doesn't talk about two things, it's not because I can't guarantee your safety that I let you stay in the inn Are you waiting? Hee hee, tell me what fun things to do here, and I will go with you to join in the fun.”

Chen Changsheng struggled a few times but couldn't break free, and said angrily, "You are a busy person and still have time to take care of the two of us?"

Yuan Yutang wasn't annoyed at all, he was always slow to warm up, he might reject strangers thousands of miles away, but he looked like a rascal to those around him, he continued to say with a playful smile, "It's not that indifferent, senior brother will be very sad, tell me quickly Say, what fun is there in Guobei County?"

Lan Xi has a lively personality, and when it comes to itching, he suddenly becomes elated, and pulls Yuan Yutang to chirp cheerfully.

"Young master, you don't know. This Guobei County seems to be poor and backward. The garden party is very fun. There are huge crowds of people, and it is very lively. There will be more tonight. Let's go and have fun together~"

Yuan Yutang rubbed Lan Xi's cute little head affectionately, and said with a warm smile, "Okay, I will have a good time with Lanxi tonight."

Just committed a big case in Gunzhou, although Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi are secretly cleaning up the troubles, but for the time being, it's better not to make too much publicity, so Yuan Yutang really intends to rest his flag and rest for a few days.

At this point, tonight's itinerary is determined.

When night fell, Yan Chixia and the two hadn't come back yet, so the three of them decided not to wait for them, and went out to play as soon as the lights came on.

Before coming to Guobei County, Yan and Li had given them a popular science on the customs of the local garden fair.

Although Guobei County lives in a remote corner and is impoverished, the garden fair here is unique. Almost every season there will be a grand and lively garden fair, attracting tourists from all over the world, which is quite a bit of entertainment for future generations. The corrupt atmosphere of death.

It is precisely because of this that Yuan Yutang agreed to accompany Lanxi and the others to play.

The dilapidated Guobei County seems to take on a new look after nightfall. Countless red lanterns are hung in the streets and alleys, making the whole county as bright as day, like the most dazzling pearl in the darkness.

There are many peddlers in the streets, connected head to tail, like a zigzagging dragon, with no end in sight.

Pedestrians are like weaving, calling friends and friends, bringing their families and mouths, and the laughter and laughter are shaking the sky.

crackling crackling~

A group of urchins with two lines of snot hanging from their noses are smiling happily, holding firecrackers in one hand and incense sticks in the other, laughing and playing

Walking through the streets and alleys, from time to time, a firecracker is lit and exploded into the crowd, which is comparable to the grand scene of the New Year.

The most popular area is the area where acrobatic troupes gather, swallowing swords and breathing fire, crushing boulders in the chest, mysterious tricks, thrilling acrobatics, those who are at home in the world perform hard, and every time they perform their unique skills, they can win applause from the audience. Rewards are like rain.

Lanxi is like a beautiful flower-piercing butterfly, gliding through the dense crowd with its traces. From time to time, its red cherry lips give out a sweet smile like a silver bell, fully showing the girl's beauty.

Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng followed closely behind, and each put on a fox mask that Lanxi had just bought and strongly requested to wear, and strolled among the crowd leisurely rarely.

It seems that Yuan Yutang hasn't relaxed as much as today for a long time.

No need to think about how to fight life and death, no need to think about intrigues, just relax wholeheartedly, that feeling, that taste, is simply incomparable to outsiders.

After playing around for a while, Lan Xi bounced back suddenly, grabbed Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng directly, and slid into the crowd, urging her with a coquettish smile, "My lord, I found an interesting stall, hurry up!" Go and watch the fun!"

Yuan Yutang chuckled, "Slow down, don't fall, it's a pity that Xiexi is not here, otherwise she will have a good time."

Chen Changsheng also smiled when he heard the words, "Yes, I haven't seen you for more than two months, and I miss you all the time."

While chatting and laughing, the two of them were dragged by Lanxi to the paving on the third outer floor and inner third floor.

After they squeezed through the crowd with difficulty, they realized that it was a pot throwing competition stall.

Touhu has a long history. It was originally a game played by literati and bureaucrats for banquets. Later, it became popular among the people and gradually evolved into a common money-playing competitive game.

The rules of the game are actually very simple, that is, standing outside the specified distance, players need to throw bamboo arrows into the narrow mouth of the pot until the purchased bamboo arrows are thrown, and then win the rewards given by the merchant according to the number of bamboo arrows thrown, which is similar to that on the earth. The rules of the standing matryoshka game are similar with minor differences.

Since merchants dare to set up stalls, they naturally have a way to ensure that they will not lose money. If someone wants to make money from merchants, it is purely a dream.

Some people are ecstatic when they win by chance, arousing the envy of the onlookers.

Before Lan Xi came on the field, seven or eight players who boasted of their high skills had already lost everything.

Unlike others who only cared about the value of the lottery offered by the merchant, Yuan Yutang focused his attention on the elegant middle-aged stall with a goatee, dressed as a scribe, waving a folding fan at first sight.

This is an acquaintance of his.

It is a strange person from the ghost market in Fengcheng Prefecture, Northeast Road, who once helped him introduce the all-knowing demon three-headed true king...'Please ask!


		