

November 24th, Xiaoxue.

This day is very suitable for the occasion, and the snowflakes began to fall in the middle of the night last night.

At daybreak, thousands of mountains and valleys seem to be covered with a layer of white gauze, which is breathtakingly beautiful.

In the forest at the foot of the unattainable Qingtian Peak, there is a strong young man practicing sword.

On the bone-chilling snow, the sturdy boy was sweating profusely. He didn't know how long he had practiced, and wisps of white mist appeared above his head.

The young man's steps are simple and direct, and his swordsmanship is also rough and unpretentious, neither good-looking nor imposing, stabbing the void in a rigid manner as if fooling around.

It is like a big joke that this unrefined swordsmanship appears in Qingtian Peak, which is rich in sword immortals.

But the strong boy didn't care, he was engrossed in the rapier, completely forgetting about the outside world.

"Brother Chen, it's useless for you to practice like this, it will only hurt yourself."

Suddenly, an ear-piercing laugh sounded out, bringing the sturdy boy back to reality.

"Don't talk to me yet, there are still five hundred swords!"

The strong young man shouted, and immediately concentrated on stabbing the last five hundred swords, and finally completed the extra task he set for himself to set five thousand swords a day.

Withdrawing his sword and being silent for a moment, the strong boy had time to look at the younger boy squatting on the snow with dry grass in his mouth not far away, watching a monkey show, and said helplessly old-fashioned, "Zhou An, every inch of time and every inch of gold, your talent is so good , why do you just refuse to work hard? Don’t wait until you are old to regret it.”

Yuan Yutang, whose alias was Zhou An, let out a laugh, spit out the withered grass in his mouth, rushed to the drenched Chen Changsheng, put his arms around his shoulders, and said with a smile, "The colorful world is so wonderful, why bother to be in the most beautiful place?" How about wasting time on boring exercises at this young age? Let’s go, I caught a fat rabbit with the trap last night, brother, please improve the food today.”

Immediately without any explanation, he dragged Chen Changsheng away.

"This, isn't that good? All the creatures on the mountain have spirituality. Are you afraid of being punished by Manager Sun if you rashly catch the rabbit?"

Chen Changsheng said no, but his body was very honest, and soon he automatically followed Yuan Yutang's pace without dragging him.

After all, as long as you have tasted Yuan Yutang's superb barbecue skills once, it is difficult for anyone to refuse the endless aftertaste.

The boy Chen Changsheng was naturally the sturdy boy who performed outstandingly on the second day after entering the mountain.

During the past half a month of getting along with him, Yuan Yutang has basically figured out the details of him, and tried every means to get close, in order to abduct this good seedling to his own mountain gate in the future.

Chen Changsheng was born in poverty, and unlike ordinary youngsters who entered Qingtian Peak for the sake of longevity, his purpose of entering Qingtian Peak was for the five taels of silver a month for the beginning disciples.

Chen Changsheng, who lost his husband since childhood and lived with his widowed mother, is extremely filial. However, fate is unfair. Before Chen Changsheng grows up and repays his widowed mother, his mother, who is sick from overwork, will be ill.

In order to make money to help his mother get medical treatment, the young Chen Changsheng tried every means and made every effort.

It's a pity that the world is in decline, and there is no one to rely on. Even if the sensible little Changsheng tries his best, it is difficult to make a living, let alone help his mother to hire a doctor to see a doctor.

Just when Chen Changsheng was about to have nowhere to go, he suddenly heard about the generous monthly money for the disciples of Qingtian Peak, so he decided to make the last attempt.

Unexpectedly, he was actually chosen to worship in the mountain gate by accidentally inserting willows and willows into the shade. This undoubtedly saved Chen Changsheng's life that was on the verge of collapse.

The difficult life brought Chen Changsheng not only suffering, but also brought his

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The will is honed to be extremely tenacious.

He cherishes the hard-won opportunities more than anyone else. Even though he has only two sword talents, he still firmly believes that hard work can make up for one's weakness. He firmly believes that one day, he, Chen Changsheng, can make everyone remember his name!

Yuan Yutang seldom admired people, but he couldn't help feeling sincere admiration for Chen Changsheng, a troubled boy who was only one year younger than his biological age.

The more he admired him, the more he wanted to take Chen Changsheng under his command.

Gold will still shine after all, although Chen Changsheng's aptitude is not extraordinary, but Yuan Yutang believes that with his relentless ruthlessness, his future achievements will be limitless.

He is a time traveler, unlike most of the old stubborn people in this world who are ready to recruit disciples, he will not hold back his airs.

On the contrary, he prefers to subtly change Chen Changsheng with the meticulous method of recruiting talents from big companies in his previous life.

That's why he got close to Chen Changsheng abnormally.

The two sneaked a full meal in the woods, and then swaggered back to the entry disciple dormitory.

As soon as the front foot stepped into the door, Sun Yi, the steward of the back foot, appeared like a ghost, which immediately startled the two of them.

"Huh, if you don't practice well, where did you go?" Sun Yi questioned angrily.

Chen Changsheng was still young, and when he was scolded by Sun Yi, he immediately wanted to admit his mistake.

Yuan Yutang was different, he leaned forward with a playful smile, and took out half a steaming roasted rabbit wrapped in lotus leaves from his arms like a treasure, and approached him with a smile, "Didn't this disciple feel sorry for Steward Sun's hard work on weekdays, so he deliberately went to catch it?" A hare is here to serve as a filial steward, be careful, please don't refuse!"

Sun Yi twitched a few times, resisting the desire to swallow his saliva against his will, and reprimanded, "You little hozen, you know how to be a human being. You obviously wanted to spoil the spirit rabbit on the mountain by your own greed, and you still talked like a tongue. When you first came here I have never seen you so stubborn, do you really think that a certain family dare not punish your crimes?"

Yuan Yutang almost couldn't help laughing when Sun Yi, who had a sharp mouth and monkey cheeks, scolded him for being a little hozen, but the honest Chen Changsheng turned pale with shock, thinking that Sun Yi really wanted to punish Yuan Yutang, and couldn't help but want to kneel down and beg for mercy.

With sharp eyes and quick hands, Yuan Yutang grabbed Chen Changsheng, and just looked at Sun Yi salivatingly.

Sun Yi couldn't hold back any longer, took the half hare with a smile and scolded, and said, "Don't be an example!"

Yuan Yutang hurriedly answered yes.

It wasn't until Sun Yi completely walked away that Chen Changsheng murmured in fear, "I was scared to death. I thought Manager Sun was going to get angry."

After finishing speaking, he still didn't forget to give Yuan Yutang a glare, and said in a young and mature manner, "Zhou An, don't be naughty again in the future. This time, Guanshi Sun is generous and careless, maybe next time he will not be so lucky..."

Yuan Yutang rolled his eyes angrily, and said righteously, didn't you see you skipping a bite when eating the roasted rabbit just now?

Bah, scumbag.


Two days later, an elder from the outer sect came to assess the disciples, and he was quite satisfied with Sun Yi's discipline. He allowed Sun Yi to take a few best-performing disciples to visit the outer sect halfway up the mountain, in order to encourage the younger generation to be brave.

Under Bailaihao's earnest eyes, Yuan Yutang and Chen Changsheng were successfully selected as the lucky candidates to visit the outer gate.

No way, who told Yuan Yutang to come and show a certain talent.

Just ask, who would not love such a disciple?

After agreeing to go to the outer gate early in the morning, the sky soon became dark.

The snow is whistling outside, and there are

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The geothermal heating makes it as warm as spring, and everyone in the dormitory sleeps soundly.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang opened his eyes suddenly, tiptoed off the bed and was about to sneak out.

"Zhou An, what are you going to do?"

Just before going out, a figure suddenly grabbed Yuan Yutang's clothes.

Yuan Yutang did not resist, but smiled knowingly behind his back, and replied in a low voice, "People have three urgencies, get up at night to relieve them."

Chen Changsheng was anxious in the dark, looked left and right and said nervously, "You're talking nonsense, do you think I don't know that you sneak out every night? Hurry up and go back to sleep!"

Yuan Yutang smiled silently. He deliberately did not sneak out in the middle of the night without telling Chen Changsheng, the purpose was to know what Chen Changsheng would choose.

If he keeps choosing to turn a blind eye or report to Sun Yi, it proves that Yuan Yutang hasn't moved him yet.

On the contrary, it proved that Chen Changsheng had accepted him as a friend from the bottom of his heart, and Yuan Yutang's hard work these days was not in vain.

Don't look at Chen Changsheng's good-natured appearance, in fact he has suffered too much in his childhood, and he is far more wary than his peers.

Sometimes Yuan Yutang is also very helpless, it is so difficult to accept an apprentice.

"Sun Guanshi hinted to me yesterday that as long as people who can visit the outer sect over the years, most of them will be promoted to the outer sect after the year-end assessment. Don't make mistakes at this critical moment and cut off your future in vain! "

Chen Changsheng's personality is somewhat similar to Yuan Yutang's, they are not easy to accept others, once they are accepted, they will treat others wholeheartedly.

That's why he didn't expose Yuan Yutang's abnormal signs of sneaking out every night.

Yuan Yutang deliberately said with a nonchalant attitude, "Well, well, well, I just want to make a few tricks during the night, and nothing will happen."

"But..." The less Yuan Yutang cared, the more anxious Chen Changsheng became, "But what if Manager Sun comes to check on the bedroom?"

Yuan Yutang giggled, "With you here, what are you afraid of?"

Chen Changsheng was taken aback by Yuan Yutang's scoundrel behavior, and before he could refute, Yuan Yutang broke away from his hand and slipped out the door as slippery as a loach.

After being stunned for a moment, Chen Changsheng had no choice but to go back to the bed full of apprehension, hoping that Yuan Yutang would come back soon, and at the same time praying that Steward Sun would never come to check the bed.


As soon as Yuan Yutang slipped out of the collective dormitory for beginner disciples, he was like a fish in water, turning into an afterimage and flying through the wind and snow.

He didn't really come to learn art from a teacher, how could he forget the business.

For more than half a month, he searched almost the entire foot of the mountain, except for the forest behind the dormitory.

Just like what Chen Changsheng said, Sun Yi also hinted at him in the evening, don't make any troubles recently, it seems that an elder from the outer sect recently revealed that he wants to accept disciples, which is exactly the good opportunity that new disciples dream of .

So there is not much time left for him, he must make sure to check the entire foothill area as soon as possible.

His intuition told him that there was something wrong with the forest in the back, because usually no matter where he wanted to hang out and be naughty, Sun Yi would at most laugh and scold him, but once he wanted to go to the forest to investigate, Sun Yi who arrived in time severely He punished him a lot, and no one dared to approach the woods half a step since then.

If there were no tricks, Sun Yi's reaction would not be so big.

The night is getting darker, and the wind and snow are getting stronger.

With the ability to control the wind, Yuan Yutang plunged into the unknown forest like a ghost with the help of the fierce cold wind.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		