

There are thousands of people, and the ground is connected to the sky.

In just a short moment, nearly a thousand soldiers in armor and swords poured into the spacious front yard one after another, surrounding the attic completely. Even in the barracks, it is impossible to react so quickly.

No matter how high and powerful Di Shizun was, no matter how rebellious and unruly he was, he would definitely not dare to raise so many soldiers privately.

Excluding all the impossibilities, the only explanation is that these murderous soldiers have long been ready to go.

It's a trap!

In the midst of a forest of knives and guns and open flames, a middle-aged scribe with a gloomy face was escorted by more than a dozen sturdy soldiers and shouted coldly:

"Your Excellency is so courageous, trespassing on the official residence, intending to murder the imperial court official, can you be convicted?"

Those who recalled the middle-aged scribe laughed wildly, and immediately the entire glazed window was smashed, and a figure flew out.

"Kill the enemy, protect the lord!!"

The soldiers who were waiting in full battle suddenly rose up and separated into two well-trained operations. One group drew knives and guns to kill the incoming figures, and the other group covered the middle-aged scribes retreating as if they were facing an enemy.

However, when the soldiers fiercely chopped the figure into flesh, they realized that it was just a dead body.

"Zhuzi, how dare you tease me like this!"

The middle-aged scribe was furious, and shouted angrily, "Come on, let me attack and kill you!"

The soldiers who were already on the verge of making a move could not restrain themselves. A military officer wearing a Fengxiang helmet and a Yulin mountain pattern armor screamed angrily, "Bowmen shoot freely, spearmen protect the formation, sword and shield handmen Prepare to attack!"

This group of soldiers was obviously well-trained, and they quickly lined up after receiving the order.

Boom boom boom!

Whoosh!

In an instant, the arrows were like locusts, shooting towards the main room like a violent storm.

Duk duk duk, bang bang bang, puff puff!

Under the dense rain of arrows, the wooden attic was like paper paste, and it was difficult to defeat the powerful arrows, and it was riddled with holes in just a few breaths.

Under this kind of terrorist attack, not to mention the flesh and blood, even the rock will be smashed to pieces.

After the crossbowmen shot all three pots of powerful arrows, the sword-shieldmen holding the shields and holding the swords took uniform steps, roaring like thunder, pressing on step by step.

But before the sword and shield fighters approached, a strong wind suddenly exploded, and the arrows pierced like hedgehogs in the room were instantly reflected.

The sword and shield players were happy and fearless, and instantly formed a shield to defend, resisting the rain of arrows.

Immediately afterwards, a figure rushed out like fire and tea, and rushed straight to the shield formation fiercely.

This group of sword and shield fighters had experienced hundreds of battles and was rich in experience. They were not afraid of rushing into the formation at all. In an instant, they split apart like waves and split waves, devouring the incoming enemy into the formation, and then quickly surrounded them.

The next moment, countless swords came out like a forest, and the shield array instantly operated like a giant meat grinder, which was about to strangle the enemy into minced meat.

It can be seen that these sword and shield players have been specially trained to deal with warlocks, and they have fully concentrated their strength to the best of their swords.

Among the people trapped in the formation, who is better than Yuan Yutang?

Facing the sinister strangulation, a sneer twitched at the corner of his mouth, and the vast magic power exploded like a river bursting its embankment.

""Boxing Post" - Kuidou Xingyun!"

Suddenly, dense fist shadows erupted in vain like a violent storm.

Clap clap, bang bang bang!

With a crisp sound like fried beans, it exploded violently. When the shadow of the fist arrived, the shield shattered and the knife collapsed.

Having suffered a great loss from the combined attack of the army in Shaozhou before, how could Yuan Yutang not learn a lot of wisdom from the pitfalls.

Originally, Kuidou Xingyun was specially developed for group attacks. After he almost lost his life in Shaozhou, he immediately learned from the pain and improved his boxing moves to the extreme.

This led to the now invincible Kuidou Xingyun, who broke through thousands of formations with one punch.

"Ah~"

Pig-killing screams rang out endlessly, as if a gust of wind erupted from within the shield array, dozens of shattered soldiers were thrown into the air, the survivors' courage was instantly taken away, and they fled without a fight. crash.

Seeing the defeat of the elite shield formation he trained himself, the armored general's face sank like water. He suddenly drew his saber and shouted at the spearmen in the formation, "Boys, the thieves are rampant. Let's attack and kill the enemy together with this general!"

After saying that, his body came out like a rainbow, and he rushed forward with a knife.

The pikemen who had been intimidated by Yuan Yutang's insanity breaking through the formation, saw their own general personally attacking, and immediately their morale was high as if they had been pumped with chicken blood, and they rushed forward screaming with red eyes.

Although Yuan Yutang seemed to break through the shield formed by two hundred elite swordsmen with ease, in fact his consumption was not small.

They had just broken the formation, and they didn't even have time to catch their breath. A new round of killing intent was imminent again.

For thousands of years, mortals have already played with the military formation of the way of gathering crowds. Before reaching the enchanted fairyland, no warlock can ignore the threat of the military formation.

Since you can't hide, then the soldiers will cover you with water and soil!

Yuan Yutang suddenly raised his momentum, and flew down the mountain like a tiger, not giving up an inch to charge the fierce five hundred spearmen.

Standing outside the gate, the middle-aged scribe guarded by two hundred bows, crossbows and swords, that is, Di Shizun, watched the battle expressionlessly.

Ever since in order to save his son, he was determined to submit to the threat of the demon to murder the magician in the Tao, he had expected such a day to come.

These days he can't eat, sleep is hard to sleep, long ago secretly let a thousand soldiers guarding the barracks ambush the mansion, in order to deal with the current calamity.

Committing a catastrophe, there is not much guilt if you say it, but today's Di Shizun has a mentality of 'as long as I kill all the sufferers, then the sins I committed will not exist.

He had already made up his mind that if the five hundred spearmen led by Captain Xiaoyong showed signs of defeat, he would immediately hide in the Xiongzi camp outside the city.

At that time, instead of hiding his head and showing his tail, he will show up in a high-profile manner.

He didn't believe that the rebellious killer had the guts to go alone to kill him with thousands of troops.

When weeds are cut, the roots must be removed, so be careful not to regenerate them.

This is the biggest creed he has learned for many years as an official.

Come on, let's see whether you are dead or the old man is alive!

"Ah~"

During the series of reveries, a desolate scream suddenly interrupted Di Shizun's thoughts.

When he came back to his senses, he almost passed out on the spot.

He saw a figure soaked in blood suddenly appearing in front of him, and behind him along the way, there was already a purgatory scene of bleeding oars and corpses strewn across the field.

Di Shizun was dead, his hands and feet were weak and he sat down in the deep red water, raised his fingers in disbelief and said nothing.

No matter how much he overestimated the killer, he would never have imagined that the killer would kill all the thousand elite soldiers present so quickly.

Yuan Yutang raised his hand to wipe away the blood stains mixed with rainwater on his face, grinning with big white teeth, resisting the extreme weakness after launching the power to subdue dragons and subdue tigers, and said with a sinister grin:

"Dog officer, everyone makes mistakes, some mistakes can be forgiven, and some mistakes are unforgivable."

"The head of the Jingshan Sect in Shaozhou, the poor Taoist priest, is doing justice for the heavens today, and on behalf of all the colleagues of the Taoism who were killed by you, I have come to collect debts from you!"

Di Shizun was so frightened that he was out of his wits, he kept screaming and begging for mercy:

"Hero, please forgive me, this old man was just confused for a while, please see for the good things I have done for Wanmin in the past, please forgive this old man~"

"Go to hell and explain these nonsense to the suffering master yourself!"

"No~"

The next moment, a large head was thrown into the air.


		