

After waiting in a long queue for nearly two hours, it was finally Yuan Yutang's turn.

Standing at the door, Yuan Yutang saw the couplets pasted on both sides of the door at first sight.

Shanglian: Welcome diners to taste delicious food.

The second line: long gift delicious drunk fairy.

Hengpi: Food is the sky.

What a food is the sky, what a breath!

Yuan Yutang felt the confidence and pursuit of the owner of the hotel from the couplets, so he couldn't help but look forward to this trip.

After all, he was born and raised in the foodie empire in his previous life, and his pursuit of delicious food has already penetrated into his bones.

How could he refuse the opportunity to feast on it?

As soon as he entered the door, Yuan Yutang was almost overwhelmed by the turmoil inside.

I saw that the lobby with at least 50 tables was full of seats, and at a glance, it was full of people. The diners were pushing cups and changing dishes, sweating profusely from eating and drinking, and the waiters carrying trays of food dexterously shuttled among the diners.

This business is too hot, right?

"Guest officer, how many are you?"

While he was in shock, a clever and well-behaved mistress came to greet him with a smile.

Yuan Yutang smiled and said, "Just one person, please arrange a private seat."

"Dele, guest officer, please!" Xiaoer replied cheerfully, and immediately led Yuan Yutang to a relatively elegant seat in the corner by the window.

When Yuan Yutang sat down, Xiao Er took out a small wooden sign from his arms and handed it to him with both hands respectfully.

"What kind of diorama is this?"

Yuan Yutang took it with a smile and took a closer look. There was a number engraved on the wooden sign: 1087.

Xiao Erle explained mysteriously, "It must be the first time for the guest officer to come to our Zuixianju, and he may not know the rules here, and let the villain keep it a secret. When the grand finale is announced, maybe the guest officer will Thank you little man."

"So mysterious?"

Yuan Yutang smiled and said a few more words, put down the wooden sign casually, and then couldn't wait to smile, "Master, I've been hungry for a long time, so feel free to serve any signature dishes. I enjoyed my meal, and you can reward me."

Xiaoer shook his head and explained with a smile, "Hehe, the guest officer doesn't know. We don't have fixed dishes here. What dishes are served depends on the chef's wishes, so I can't tell what dishes will be served today."

Are you so capricious?

Yuan Yutang was slightly surprised, but also expressed his understanding.

This kind of marketing method is not uncommon in private kitchens on Earth, so he didn't think too much about it, and motioned to Xiao Er to wait patiently when the food was served.

Soon Xiao Er brought three dishes and one soup.

To be honest, it seems a bit extravagant to eat three dishes and one soup alone, but with Yuan Yutang's appetite, it's actually not enough to fill you up.

But it's not a big problem, you can order more if it tastes good, but if it doesn't taste good, it's a big deal to overturn the table.

What the hell, he bought so much gimmick, if the taste is not good, he will really turn his face on the spot.

Three dishes and one soup, the combination of meat and vegetables is even, regardless of the taste, it is very good just by the appearance of the dishes.

Braised lion head, boiled cabbage, squirrel angelfish, miscellaneous mushroom soup, all of them are exquisite works of art, and they are really good.

Yuan Yutang tasted the squirrel angelfish first, and his eyes lit up immediately.

The squirrel angelfish is a famous dish in Subang cuisine. The main body is mandarin fish. The fish cut into complicated patterns is cooked and fried at high temperature to perfectly lock the gravy. It is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. It melts in the mouth. The sauce perfectly brings out the flavor of the fish.

Not bad, this dish of squirrel angelfish alone would not waste him queuing for two hours, and it was a hundred times more delicious than any he had eaten in his previous life.

Resisting the urge to eat it all in one bite, Yuan Yutang began to taste the other two dishes.

Boiled cabbage is a representative of Sichuan cuisine. It looks like a clear soup with little water, but in fact it has no front. The clear soup is actually a broth made from a variety of meat and filtered. It is as clear as boiling water, and the cabbage uses the most tender and refreshing cabbage. It is changeable and has profound meaning, as if what you eat is not delicious food, but life.

Absolutely, it must be praised!

Slowly swallowing the heart of cabbage that was full of broth, Yuan Yutang picked up a braised lion's head dipped in a thick sauce.

This dish did not disappoint him either.

Take another sip of the umami-flavored mixed mushroom soup.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help being astonished, and felt that this meal was the best meal he had ever eaten in two lifetimes.

Unable to bear it any longer, he let go of his cheeks to sweep the fallen leaves, and the disc was gone in less than a stick of incense.

I don't know whether it was the delicious food that whetted my appetite, or whether I was not full at all, but Yuan Yutang felt hungrier after eating all three dishes and one soup, and immediately murmured, "Xiao Er, serve me another table of food. Serve me twelve dishes this time!"

Unexpectedly, Xiaoer smiled and shook his head after hearing this, and said with an apologetic smile, "Guest officer, I'm really sorry, due to limited seats, our host has set a rule that each person can only eat once a day, if you want to eat again, Please come tomorrow morning."

Yuan Yutang suddenly became angry after hearing this.

Who in the world does business like this, not because they can't afford the money, but they refuse to feed their customers?

Before Yuan Yutang had an attack, Xiaoer seemed to have expected it and explained, "Guest officer, don't rush to get angry. If you feel that you haven't eaten yet and you are lucky enough, you might as well wait a little longer, maybe you will There are surprises."

Yuan Yutang was taken aback, and asked suspiciously, "What do you mean?"

Bang Bang Bang!

Xiao Er was about to continue explaining, when suddenly there was a dense sound of gongs and drums in the lobby, his expression suddenly brightened, and he said with joy, "Guest officer, the grand finale once a day will be staged soon, please look forward to it!"

Yuan Yutang suddenly felt puzzled by Monk Zhang Er, and his face was bewildered.

But soon he understood what medicine was sold in the gourd.

At some point, all the diners in the lobby automatically stopped their cups and chopsticks, looking eagerly and expectantly at the shed in the center of the lobby.

Soon a middle-aged man dressed as a shopkeeper walked up to the shed with a smile, cleared his throat, and bowed in all directions, "Thank you all the guests for coming to Zuixianju, the small shop is full of brilliance, compared to everyone I know what the little old man is going to do next."

"Then don't waste everyone's time enjoying the delicious food. The lucky ones will be drawn below. All the guest officers who can read the number will have the delicious food cooked by Mr. Zhao, the owner of this restaurant!"

As he said that, the shopkeeper took out a small scroll from his pocket, spread it out neatly, and faced the diners in all directions, there was a commotion in the audience, and the number was impressively written on it: 1087!

"Wow, which turtle grandson is so lucky, I really envy others."

"Who, whose wooden sign is 1087? If you can give it up, I am willing to give you five hundred taels of gold as a reward!"

"Hey, who do you look down on? Old Mr. Zhao's craftsmanship is worth five hundred taels of gold? Labor and capital pay one thousand taels of gold!"

"One thousand five hundred taels of gold..."

"Two thousand taels..."

Slowly, the building turned crooked, and the lively lobby suddenly became a famous scene where the nobles compete for wealth.

Yuan Yutang looked at the small wooden sign in his hand in astonishment, and was inexplicably happy.

So I hit the jackpot?

After Yuan Yutang submitted the wooden number plate that most people envied, he was greeted politely by the child to the second floor.

The second floor is different from the bustling atmosphere of the lobby, decorated with antique flavors, elegant and indifferent, like a paradise.

After being arranged to wait in a private room, it wasn't long before a maidservant with a pretty face pushed the door open and saluted meekly, "My lord, the hot water is ready, please let the maidservant help you take a bath and change your clothes."

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and asked in confusion, "What does this mean? I have to take a shower and change clothes before I come to eat?"

Facing the questioning, the maid patiently explained, "The fact that the guest officer was selected must be due to the delicacy. You must know that the world is full of mundane tastes. Just now the guest officer has been sitting in the lobby for so long, and the guest officer may have been contaminated by the smell of fireworks. Sweaty, vegetable and many other vulgar smells.

The food is very pure, once it is touched by vulgar taste, the taste may be very different.

It is not only for the enjoyment of the guest officials and other parties, but also the regulations of our store, and we hope that the guests will abide by it. "

Although the maid's explanation was reasonable, Yuan Yutang still found it strange.

But do as the Romans do, since the host said so, as a guest, Yuan Yutang didn't have much to say, so he took a bath and changed clothes as he said.

Of course, he didn't let the shy and timid servant girl wait for the bath, mainly because he was used to self-reliance, and of course it wasn't Liu Xiahui.

After bathing, he put on the robe specially prepared by the hotel, and was taken to a small and elegant restaurant by the maid.

Yuan Yutang saw a cauldron of incense burning in the corner of the restaurant at the first sight, and couldn't help teasing, "You said that the food should be pure, and you specifically asked me to bathe and change clothes, but burning incense here, isn't it taking off your pants and farting?"

The maid seemed to be well-mannered, and she was not annoyed when being made things difficult, and she explained politely, "I wonder if you have heard of Tibetan incense?"

Yuan Yutang thought for a while, and replied truthfully, "No." jj.br>

The maid asked again, "Can the guest officer smell the fragrance?"

Yuan Yutang carefully distinguished, and replied, "It's strange, why can't you smell the fragrance at all?"

Only then did the maid seem satisfied, "This is the rare fragrance in the world—Tibetan incense. The reason why it is called Tibetan is that living people can't smell this fragrance at all, so it will definitely not affect people. Guests then enjoy the food experience.”

After a pause, there seemed to be a strange look in the maidservant's eyes, and then she returned to normal, and continued, "The biggest effect of Tibetan incense is to concentrate and reassure, and it can enlarge the taste buds of the guests, so that you can naturally taste the real taste of food .”

Yuan Yutang was startled, and said provocatively, "Is there such a strange fragrance in the world? It opened my eyes, but I'm curious to what extent this effect of concentration and peace of mind can go."

The maid thought for a while, then smiled confidently, "In ancient times, there was often a legend about a fierce general scraping bones to heal wounds, but it's actually not that mysterious. The truth is that the fierce general burned Tibetan incense during the healing process, and when he concentrated his mind to the extreme, he could forget the pain. It is the greatest manifestation of the efficacy of Tibetan incense.”

Yuan Yutang showed an expression of incomprehension, and said nothing more.

After taking a seat according to the instructions, the maid said goodbye and left.

While bored, men, women and children wearing specific robes came to the small restaurant one after another.

The last old man in royal kitchen gown was helped in by two middle-aged cooks, and the surrounding men, women and children immediately greeted in unison:

"I've seen Mr. Zhao!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 17 Drunken Immortal House to read for free.




		