

The ancients believed that everything in the universe was controlled by God. Therefore, people pray for the blessings of the gods through the activities of worshiping the gods. Whenever they worship the gods, people take out valuables as tributes. The most solemn and pious thing is the sacrifice of living people.

Since then, there have been countless unscrupulous demons and ghosts in the name of gods to deceive ignorant people into offering blood food voluntarily. @

Among them, blood steamed buns are one of the most bloody and brutal tributes that monsters love most.

This scene was also staged in the movie "A Chinese Ghost Story". The ghost king of the underworld, Hei Shan Lao Yao, kidnapped Nie Xiaoqian, and the main dish of the wedding was blood steamed buns.

From the moment he saw the blood steamed buns cooking in the pot, Yuan Yutang knew that something was wrong.

The tribute of blood steamed buns is not something that ordinary mountain spirits and wild monsters can afford.

Combined with the mysterious disappearance of Baili Yinghua, the truth is clearly revealed.

Behind the series of mysterious disappearances is either the ghost king of the underworld, or some big monster who wants to make a tooth sacrifice.

No matter what the situation is, Yuan Yutang is not willing to face it.

However, the matter has come to this point, he can no longer stay out of the country, and he is extremely troubled by the troubles that may arise next.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang's face was cloudy and uncertain, Monica instinctively felt that he must know the inside story, and hurriedly asked, "Do you know something, tell me quickly!"

Yuan Yutang pondered for a moment, and found an excuse indiscriminately. Just as he was about to explain, he suddenly jumped to hold Monica's head, pressed down desperately, and said in a loud voice, "Be careful!"

Sudden attack, Monica subconsciously wanted to kick Yuan Yutang away, but after hearing his warning, she reacted instantly, she drew her sword out of its sheath as quickly as lightning, and slashed back fiercely without looking back. and go.

when!

A loud bang like the clanging of gold and iron exploded suddenly.

Under the horrified gazes of Hao Jun and Deng Chaoxian, Yuan Yutang suddenly exerted strength in his waist and abdomen, miraculously stayed in the air for more than a breath, and then kicked out his legs quickly.

After the muffled popping sound, Yuan Yutang only felt the burning pain in his feet, and before he had time to think about it, he pulled Monica's hair and retreated together with the help of the shock force.

After the two retreated from the distance of seven or eight steps and regained their footing, they both immediately entered a fighting state.

I saw a half-human, half-dog monster inexplicably appearing on the stove, staring fiercely at everyone with big orange eyes, spitting out his big tongue and shouting, "Where did you come from, Mrs. Lianshan?" Do you dare to touch Dajun Ze's blood food?"

Monica stepped forward with her waist down, holding the sword at her side with both hands, staring at the dog demon with all her eyes, and asked in a low voice, "Is this the dark creature in your native Daxia? It feels so strong!"

Yuan Yutang picked up a boning knife casually, and said with his mouth moving, "Don't talk nonsense, can you deal with that dog monster?"

After hesitating for a while, Monica replied, "If you let go and fight, I will be able to cut off its head within ten swords... But if this is the case, I can't protect you..."

"That's enough!"

Before Monica could finish speaking, Yuan Yutang rudely interrupted, "Hao Jun and the others will be escorted away by me, and you should concentrate on dealing with the big dog!"

Looking back at Yuan Yutang deeply, Monica softly uttered a word:

"it is good!"

This good word is like an invisible switch, which suddenly hits the ground and immediately affects the situation.

"Hahaha, no matter what you go, everyone is here, so why not leave them all, I am worried that the blood steamed buns will not be enough for Lord Shanze!"

The dog demon laughed wildly, and flew over from the stove.

Hao Jun and the two, who had been so frightened for a long time, immediately let out a scream and collapsed limply.

Yuan Yutang put the boning knife in his mouth, rushed forward, and before Hao Jun and his two fell down, he grabbed their collars and rushed out without hesitation.

The dog demon showed its ferocity, and wanted to kill Yuan Yutang and the three of them.

The evil wind howled in the back of his head, but Yuan Yutang had no desire to turn back at all.

At the very moment, a sword light illuminated the kitchen and exploded brilliantly.

when!

There was another sound of gold and iron clattering.

The dog demon was shocked to find that he flew back to the kitchen inexplicably, and slammed into the stove where the sparks were disillusioned.

bump!

The entire hearth was overwhelmed, and ashes and gravel flew around, and suddenly four.


"Bold lady, how dare you stop me?"

The repelled dog demon was furious, and his momentum shot in vain, and he ran towards the culprit who attacked him on all fours.

In front of Monica's forehead with a horizontal sword, her beautiful eyes are as cold as ice, and she is not moved at all in the face of the menacing dog monster, just like an ancient well that is calm. @*~~

choke!

Qingyue's sword sounded like a tide, and Yuan Yutang glanced at the kitchen from the corner of his eye, and saw figures flying by, the sword light was heavy, and a tragic breath overflowed uncontrollably.

According to the realm of warlocks, Monica's momentum at this time is at least at the peak of the real world.

There are no worthless scholars under the prestigious name, and he really deserves to be a foreign master who came from afar.

I just don't know why she traveled thousands of miles to Daxia.

Soon Yuan Yutang suppressed the doubts in his heart and ran away, the most urgent thing is to put the two soft treasures in place before coming back to help.

Although the idea is good, the reality is always cruel.

As soon as he got out of the inn and came to the street, Yuan Yutang was forced to stop.

I saw a large number of monsters appearing one after another on the street and in the surrounding houses.

The smooth and cold-blooded snake demon, the cruel and cunning wolf demon, the shadowless eagle demon, the vicious tiger demon...

This street was unknowingly surrounded by monsters!

As if in an instant, Yuan Yutang came to the legendary kingdom of ten thousand demons.

It is impossible for so many monsters to sneak into the base camp of Yuezhou under the nose of Qingtian Peak. After all the possibilities are ruled out, there is only one truth...

This is not the real world, but an illusion space created by black magic!

However, he was very puzzled as to why he, who possessed the attribute of 'unconfused', was brought here without anyone noticing.

rumbling~

Just when Yuan Yutang was in doubt, a thunderbolt suddenly rolled across the dark sky, and then the endless night was ruthlessly torn apart, and a bright sword light rising into the night almost lit up half of the sky.

Under the light of the sword, there is an elegant figure hanging in the air with a sword.

The sword is higher than the sky, and the man is better than the jade.

It was the missing Baili Yinghua!

"Monster, if you persist in your obsession, don't blame me for being ruthless!"

The lingering night wind at high altitude pulled Baili Yinghua's white robe taut, the sleeves fluttered, and her long black hair, like a waterfall of clouds, flowed in the wind. Although the words in her mouth were sympathetic, the blade under her feet was cold and ruthless. It is the unparalleled demeanor of Qingtian Peak's contemporary senior brother.

"Roar!"

What responded to Baili Yinghua was a deafening and ferocious roar of a tiger, as vast as a thunderbolt and as wide as a deep abyss. A huge black tiger like a mountain was hidden among the layers of dark clouds, laughing wildly up to the sky, every word was like a thunderbolt as shocking.

"Hahaha, this seat three hundred and three has never been born, I don't think there is such a genius as you in the world, looking at your sword energy, it must be not far from stepping on the 'Road to the Yellow Spring'! "

"I will eat you tonight, lest you fail and waste this good flesh and blood!"

After saying that, a huge black tiger claw suddenly protruded from the clouds, and slapped Baili Yinghua with an awe-inspiring momentum that crushed everything.

Facing such a terrifying offensive, Baili Yinghua remained calm, with his hands behind his back, his head held high, and he spoke softly:

"Stubborn!"

In the next moment, overwhelming sword energy burst out like an abyss, forming a mighty river of sword energy, rushing tit for tat towards the giant tiger claw.

Boom, boom, boom~

Horrific sound waves erupted in the air, the stream of light flew wildly, the dark clouds disappeared, and the sky and the earth changed color in an instant, and the sun and the moon shone into the light, just like the end of the world.

Even the weaker monsters below couldn't bear the terrifying aftermath that overflowed, screaming like birds and beasts, only a few unruly and powerful monsters standing still.

Yuan Yutang was also shocked by the battle in the sky, and couldn't help thinking:

Is this the ultimate scenery after crossing the hurdle?

And that terrifying black tiger demon is named Lord Shanze, isn't it the tiger demon himself who defeated a clone by him at Tongshan Pass?

Horrible, really terrible.

The Human Wonderland (Great Demon Realm) is so terrifying! !


When Yuan Yutang thought of Bu Dai Monk, a demon monk in the fairyland, who was murdered by him, his heart trembled with fear and his whole body trembled with excitement.

It was not trembling of fear, but excitement, longing, and longing!

One day, he will be stronger than a man and a demon fighting in the sky, ten times, a hundred times, tens of thousands of times... until the height that the world needs to look up to! ! !

Most definitely! !

Gently exhaling a turbid breath, Yuan Yutang withdrew his mind, temporarily ignoring matters that cannot be involved in the level at present, and muttered to himself, "Renkan, the gate of life and death... so the realm after the gate of ghosts is Huangquan Road? The end has to go to Shoushan Daxian will only ask for proof."

"Hee hee, little devil, what are you muttering about? Are you scared? How about you knock your head a few times, Grandpa will spare your life if he is happy!"

A burst of teasing and joking interrupted Yuan Yutang's thoughts, and when he looked coldly, he saw a figure jumping down from the attic opposite.

With thick beard and thick hair, he was as tall and tall as a tower. He was a burly man comparable to a savage.

There is also a beautiful woman and a gloomy young man beside the big man Kuiba. All three of them can withstand the aftermath of a frantic battle at high altitude, proving that their strength cannot be underestimated.

The one who teased Yuan Yutang just now was the big man Kuiba. @·No fault first launch~~

bump!

The big man Kuiba took a sudden step, so powerful that the whole street seemed to shake a few times.

"Either kowtow or die, you choose one!"

The big man Kuiba looked down at Yuan Yutang from afar, and he came like a tidal wave of coercion, as if he was determined to kill people.

Yuan Yutang smiled contemptuously, turned around and picked up Hao Jun and Deng Chaoxian who had fainted and put them under the eaves, then turned around, stretching his muscles and bones while walking towards the three transformed monsters.

The big man Kuiba was stunned for a moment, and then burst out laughing at his two companions.

"Hahaha, I'm not mistaken, right? That little one doesn't want to run for his life, and dares to provoke me?"

The mouth corners of the glamorous woman and the gloomy young man twitched, their eyes fiercely staring at Yuan Yutang who was coming slowly and did not speak.

The big man Kuiba, who was laughing wildly, suddenly suppressed his smile, twisted his voice like a ghost, "There is a way to heaven, you don't go, and there is no way to hell, then don't let me down later, or you will regret what you did now." Madness!"

Yuan Yutang showed a dismissive sneer, and pointed at the majestic Shanze Maharaja's dreadful appearance while walking, and said with a smile, "You know, that guy had a clone that fell in Tongshan Pass more than half a year ago..."

As he spoke, he pointed his thumb to his nose and smiled contemptuously.

"I killed it!".


		