

Xu Fang is a wild Taoist priest who makes a living by telling fortunes and divinations in the countryside and fooling the ignorant common people. @

But if you want to say that he is a magic stick because of this, it would be considered unfair.

Although Xu Fang did not receive the imperial edict, he was a genuine warlock.

Although he is just a low-level monk-level goalkeeper.

Today, there seems to be something evil in the family of the big family in Tongzhou City, Mr. Li, who openly announced a reward on the official list, threatening to recruit talented officials, and anyone who has the ability to solve his family's problems will be rewarded with a hundred taels of gold afterwards.

My dear~

When Xu Fang first saw the reward, his eyes almost popped out.

A reward of one hundred taels of gold is offered, so how difficult is the evil in Mr. Li's family to get such a sky-high reward~

Don't think that all the money of rich people is blown by strong winds. Ordinary people love money, and rich people love money even more, because they really know the value of money, so every penny is counted.

Since such a sky-high price can be paid, it means that things are very, very dangerous, so dangerous that they need to bleed profusely to avoid disaster.

Although Xu Fang also loves money, he loves his own life even more.

So he wants to join in the fun, but he won't risk his life.

There is only one life, and even one life is gone, so what is the use of more money?

He still understands this superficial little truth.

It's just that when he came to Li's mansion, he was still stunned by what he saw.

It is not an exaggeration to describe the front of the Li Mansion as a sea of ​​people.

The so-called masters of the world dressed as Taoist priests and monks gathered in groups of twos and threes, talking loudly, and talking about some achievements regardless of authenticity. One said that he had killed a thousand-year-old demon king, and the other said that he had received a ghost from hell. Anyway, it can be exaggerated. Come on, let's focus on a word blowing.

There were so many people bustling with each other that they didn't even have a place to stay, they just occupied the opposite street.

Xu Fang who came late was not annoyed, and stood in the alley across the street with a smile, stroking his beard and smiling.

Anyway, just to watch the fun, how can you not watch it?

Unexpectedly, suddenly, there was a horrific scream in Li's mansion, and then like rain, a large cluster of dark red liquid poured out from the high walls of Li's mansion. , was splashed all over the face.

"Wow, wow, I'm scared to death~"

"Help~ someone come and save me~"

"I don't dare anymore, I don't dare anymore, please forgive me~"

Before everyone could figure out the situation, they saw the closed vermilion lacquered gate of the Li Mansion being pushed open, and several Taoist monks who had entered earlier rushed out with horrified faces, crawling and rolling.

Not only that, Xu Fang also saw that those people without exception were missing arms and legs, and the wounds were uneven, as if they were dragged off by wild beasts, which was shocking.

This sensational scene was like a basin of cold water, pouring on the hearts of those ambitious and wealthy "sages" outside the door, and the loud chatter stopped abruptly.

Some self-aware "superior people" retreated involuntarily when they saw the miserable conditions of the people who entered in front of them.

Soon the first person left quietly, followed by the second.

As if birds and beasts scattered, in the blink of an eye, except for a few people who wanted money or died or were really confident, the gate that was overcrowded just now suddenly became sparse, and the contrast between the front and the back was too strong.

Xu Fang shook his head helplessly. At the moment when the screams came, he clearly felt an unprecedented shocking evil spirit in Li's mansion, even though it was far away, it still made his hair stand on end.

People make money and birds die for food. He has no blessing to bear this wealth and wealth. Whoever loves it will go.

Just when he was about to leave, he suddenly saw a young man with extremely dark circles carrying a slender girl walking towards Li's mansion, he couldn't help but pause in his steps.

The seven or eight experts who were still waiting outside the door were also startled by the young man's appearance.

All because this unknown boy is too strange.

Just come to gain wealth and honor, and carry a girl on your shoulders, what is going on?

The young man looked calm, ignoring the strange gazes around him and the bloodstains on the ground that hadn't dried up, walked straight to the vermilion lacquered door that hadn't been closed tightly, raised his hand and knocked.


Boom boom boom!

Then there was a dull and powerful knocking sound.

At this time, all followers including Xu Fang couldn't help but freeze.

The vermilion lacquered door was heavy and hard, and ordinary big men might not be able to make such a sound when knocking, but unexpectedly, it made this frail young man feel like beating a drum.

Immediately, everyone had an evaluation in their hearts.

This boy is not easy!

The knock on the door was loud, and soon an old concierge with a trembling expression stuck out half of his head and asked in a trembling voice, "Here, is this strong man coming to the mansion to exorcise evil spirits?"

The young man nodded, and smiled with Xi, "The poor Daoist Yuan Yuji of the Jingshan sect in Shaozhou came to slay demons, and also had important matters to talk to the master of your family. Please pass it on for me."

The old concierge was stunned, seeing the young man's extraordinary demeanor, he didn't dare to evade, and hurried away after apologizing, even forgetting to close the door.

The few tall people behind looked at each other silently.

These people are all guys who want money and life, and when they see someone who dares to share a piece of the pie, they are immediately unhappy.

Moreover, they were all local snakes in Tongzhou City, and they were familiar with each other. Seeing Yuan Yutang's embarrassment suddenly, they had a tacit understanding in an instant.

"Hey, where is the impolite boy? If you want to come to Tongzhou to make a living, don't you know how to visit the pier first?"

A burly man with a thick face and a thick face came out of the crowd and roared viciously.

The boy, to be precise, was Yuan Yutang who glanced back at him coldly.

The burly man who was so aggressive just now, as if he was about to eat people, suddenly froze.

Yuan Yutang was an embryo killed from a mountain of corpses and a sea of ​​blood. He was full of aura, which was something ordinary warlocks could bear.

These people pushed the big man out just to give Yuan Yutang's weight to the underdog. Now that Yuan Yutang has proved that he has that strength, they don't dare to pester him anymore.

Clenched fists silently resigned, and those high-ranking men withdrew without hesitation, leaving only the big man stunned and at a loss.

Yuan Yutang snorted softly, and said coldly, "Get lost!"

Hearing the words, the daring man was relieved, and fled the scene in a panic.

This scene happened to be witnessed by Mr. Li who came in a hurry. He immediately turned his attitude 180 degrees, clasped his fists with a smile on his face, and said, "This little Taoist leader is really a young hero. Old man Li Shengyuan has met the Taoist leader."

Yuan Yutang nodded slightly, and said with a little urgency, "The poor man is polite, Mr. Li, let's make a long story short. This time, the poor man came to exorcise evil spirits after hearing the news. You don't need the one hundred taels of gold, but Mr. Li must do it for you." Pindao recommends Master Nagarjuna of the secret sect, what do you think the master would like?"

Master Li was stunned when he heard the first half of the sentence, and thought to himself, are there any idiots who don't love money these days?

But after listening to the second half of the sentence, he couldn't help showing embarrassment.

Recently, Master Nagarjuna, an eminent monk of the Secret School of the Western Regions, indeed came to Tongzhou City to prepare for the Land and Water Rebellion and to spread Buddhism.

But this news has not yet been announced, and it is not known where the little Taoist priest found out.

That's right, his ancestors did have a bit of a relationship with the secret sect, but this thing cost less than a penny. To be honest, he would rather spend money to eliminate disasters than waste the friendship with the secret sect.

But he searched all the master mages that could be found near Tongzhou City. Not only did the problem not be solved, but there were signs of intensification, which really made him restless.

It was hard to hope for a Taoist priest who seemed to have some real skills, and he really didn't want to let it go.

Some people may wonder why Master Li has an old relationship with Master Nagarjuna of the secret sect, but he chose to abandon Master Nagarjuna, who is profound in Buddhism, to seek help from outsiders. Isn't it just taking off his pants and farting?

The answer has another inside story, which will not be shown for the time being.

Anyway, Master Li weighed it for a long time, and finally agreed with his nose.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief after hearing this.

He hurried into the city this morning, and the first thing he did was to ask the city fox Sheshu for news. Error-free update@

In every city there are brokers who specialize in buying and selling information for a living. These people have great powers, and as long as the money is in place, they can find out all kinds of secrets.

After spending huge sums of money, Yuan Yutang finally got the answer he wanted.

The eminent Buddhist monk he was looking for happened to have Monk Nagarjuna in the city.


It's just that Monk Longjun was honored by the Zhizhou as a guest of honor, and he was concentrating on preparing for the land and water to signal, so he didn't see outsiders easily.

Yuan Yutang still understands the truth that if you want anything from others, you must be courteous and virtuous.

Since you can't rush to the door, you can only knock from the side to find a way.

Here I have to praise the professionalism of Tongzhou Broker.

These guys with no morals at all are certainly open to money, but if they have enough money, they can become angels on earth to solve their problems.

After promising another huge sum of money, the broker thoughtfully found a solution for Yuan Yutang.

That is to start with Mr. Li.

Follow Master Li to the backyard.

"Yuan Daochang, well, the old man is old and weak, so it's not easy to hold you back. In front is the little girl's boudoir, and the troubles you need to solve are also inside. Please do it!"

Even before entering the gate of the backyard, Master Li felt timid with lingering fear, and the cause and effect of the explanation were extremely vague, as if there was something hard to say, but Yuan Yutang just let Yuan Yutang figure it out.

Yuan Yutang didn't bother to worry about it, so he handed Bai Ling'er over to his servants and rolled up his sleeves to get ready to work. _o_m

Don't hurry up, it's going to be dark soon, the consumption of last night has not been recovered until now, if I can't ask Master Nagarjuna for help earlier, I'm afraid there will be a catastrophe tonight.

It's just that the emergency is the emergency, and Yuan Yutang didn't rush forward.

The evil thing that can make all the warlocks in Tongzhou fail is definitely not trivial.

He had just suffered a big loss at the hands of Baishanhe yesterday, so he didn't want to capsize here too.

It was late spring at this time, which should be a good season for the recovery of all things, but the yard was in ruins, the trees and flowers were withered, the water flow was stagnant, the fish and insects were dead, and a dead silence lingered.

A simple and elegant wooden attic stands alone in the middle of the yard, like a haunted house left in the world.

Yuan Yutang knew it just by observing the surroundings.

It seems that the thing that caused the trouble is not a good stubble.

Raising his vigilance in his heart, he calmly pushed open the attic door. .


		