

On the vast sea, there is a huge Western-style Galen treasure ship drifting with the waves.

The word "huge" is compared to the people on board, but compared to the boundless sea, Galen's treasure ship is simply insignificant.

It was dusk at this time, and the setting sun was setting in the west, and the blue ocean on the sea-sky line seemed to be rendered orange-red. From a distance, the sky and the sea seemed to be burning, which was breathtakingly beautiful.

There is a beautiful figure standing on the deck of the bow, the waves below are sweeping, and occasional sprays of water fall on her dick, the smooth and tender skin seems to be unable to stick to the water droplets, and the golden hair as bright as a flame is accompanied by the comfort The sea breeze flutters like a beautiful goddess who does not eat fireworks.

Monica stared at the gradually darkening sea in a daze, not knowing what was going on in her mind.

Ever since she accepted the secret mission from Cardinal Adler that day, she couldn't wait to board the ship and set sail at dawn.

She has been looking forward to washing away the shame of the family for too long, and she can't wait for a moment.

Although she is still extremely far away from the east, her heart has already flown to that ancient and magical continent.

In addition to her on this trip, Adler also appointed twenty loyal and brave holy knights to accompany and assist.

Although referee knights and holy knights are both the most elite armed forces of the Holy See, there is still a clear distinction between the two.

To put it simply, referee knights are guards who specialize in performing external tasks, while holy knights are guards who guard important clergy internally.

Although the two major knight systems are equal in name, everyone knows that the Holy Knight is the strongest trump card of the Holy See.

Adler was able to send twenty holy knights to assist Monica in one go, which shows his determination to find the lost cross of light.

"Your Excellency the beautiful Knight Commander, it's late at night, please go back to the cabin and rest."

A magnetic and deep male voice woke up the dreamy Monica, only to find that it was completely dark when she came back to her senses.

After being dazed for a moment, Monica immediately returned to her glamorous look, and turned her head to look at the tall knight who was slowly approaching.

Scott, who also came from a noble and sacred family of hereditary clergy, is handsome, brave, resolute, and smart, as if he is blessed by the gods. He has gathered the best qualities of a man and is the dream lover of countless noble ladies in the Western Continent. , and is also one of the peerless twins of the Holy See alongside Monica.

Monica snorted coldly, ignored the blanket that Scott handed over, and continued to look back at the dark sea under the starry sky, as if she couldn't get enough of it.

Since going to sea, Scott has been like a wild horse that has run free, no longer hiding his love, and launching a stalking pursuit of Monica.

It's a pity that the male god has a heart, but the goddess has no intention.

Scott's fiery affection is doomed to be unresponsive.

Because in Monica's eyes, Scott is a fool dominated by hormones.

If it weren't for the fact that there was nowhere to hide in the vast sea, she wouldn't even have looked him in the face.

Scott was not annoyed at being ignored by the beauty, he shrugged and stood beside Monica.

Monica gave him a disgusted look, and moved a few steps sideways without showing any signs.

"Did you know that the great poet Ni Shuo once wrote a famous poem, in which the description of the sea is like this."

Being regarded as an air man by Monica, Scott was not embarrassed, and chatted awkwardly without saying anything:

"I like the sea at night

moonlight on the sea

It's like covering the sea with a layer of silver sand

I stand among the waves

The sea breeze blows me gently

look at the microwave

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

sparkling sea

Listen to the crashing waves

enough to make me forget myself

into the sea..."

After reciting the poem emotionally, Scott turned his head to gaze at Monica affectionately, and said softly in a low and magnetic voice, "Do you know that everyone has their own ocean in their hearts, and you , is the sea that I am looking for."

As he spoke, he intended to reach out and hold Monica's catkin.

"Monica, I really like you, please accept my..."

choke!

Scott's affectionate confession hadn't finished yet, and suddenly a cold light burst out.

In the next instant, a sharp sword tip hung above his throat with a slight difference.

"Shut up or die!"

After Monica threatened coldly, she withdrew her sword, turned around and walked to the cabin.

Looking at Monica's heroic and beautiful back, Scott touched his nose, the heat in his eyes did not fade in the slightest, but became more intense.


After locking the doors and windows, removing the heavy armor, and putting on comfortable pajamas, Monica frowned slightly. She wanted to take a bath, but when she thought about the little fresh water left, she had no choice but to dismiss that tempting pajamas. idea.

Sighing softly, as if expelling all the annoyance of being entangled with Scott all day, Monica took out a quill, sat under the wall lamp, and began to write a letter home:

"Dear Father, today is the 32nd day at sea, I heard from the experienced old captain Nick that there is at least ten times the distance to the distant Eastern Middle Earth.

The life at sea is really terrible, each sea fish has long been nauseated, how much I am eager to eat the apple pie cooked by you at this time...

Although the conditions are difficult, please rest assured that I will overcome all difficulties, find the lost cross of light, and wash away the shame that has engulfed the family for more than three hundred years!

Even if I don't hesitate to be an enemy of the powerful immortal cultivator in the east, I will not hesitate..."

While writing, suddenly the cabin shook violently, as if hitting something.

Monica reacted instantly, gathered all the items that fell in the room with her hands like lightning, then quickly put on the armor, and hurried out.

When she came to the deck, Monica found everyone gathered together.

Everyone's faces were very solemn, including the brave and fearless twenty holy knights and the experienced old captain Nick.

"What happened?"

Monica went up and asked in a deep voice.

The old captain Nick was smoking a pipe, rubbing his chin and said, "Your Excellency, Knight Commander, come and see what this is?"

Monica went up suspiciously, and saw a puddle of unidentified objects that kept melting on the deck. After careful identification, she could see broken clothes, bones, teeth, hair, etc. mixed together.

In an instant, Monica had an ominous premonition in her heart, and asked Nick, "What's going on?"

Nick took off his pipe with a wry smile, and replied in a harsh voice, "As you can see, Your Excellency the Knight Commander, this is the remains of a pool of human remains."

After a pause, Nick seemed to look around in fear, and whispered mysteriously, "I suspect that there is a 'Mochanica' on board!"

"impossible!"

Before Nick could finish speaking, Scott interrupted abruptly.

"If I remember correctly, there are at least 15 more days of voyage to the devil's territorial waters where 'Mocanica' haunts. Since the discovery of 'Mocanica', they have never left the devil's sea territory. Note that Not once!" Scott asserted firmly.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Nick pouted and said nothing more.

Mokaneka is a terrifying sea monster that lives in the western continent. It is ferocious and cunning by nature. It likes to attack fishing boats passing by at sea. The usual method is to secretly hunt and kill the crew members and then disguise their identities to lurk inside to sow discord, so as not to torture the prey mentally. Never stop crashing.

Generally, there are few survivors of the fishing boats attacked by the 'Mocanica'. Even in the eyes of the powerful Holy See knights, this cunning dark creature is an extremely difficult character.

If there really is a 'Mokanika' mixed into the ship, I'm afraid everyone will be in trouble.

Unlike the proud and arrogant Scott, the cautious Monica will not let go of any signs of danger, and immediately ordered a count of the number of people.

After counting, Ni Duan was immediately discovered.

A sailor named Jackson disappeared mysteriously, even if he searched the whole ship, he could not be found.

In an instant, the seeds of fear took root in everyone's hearts.

Monica's face was serious, and she seemed to smell danger from the air.


Thousands of miles away from the sea area where Monica is located, in the territory of the Three Mountains Road of Daxia Kingdom, there are two figures on horseback riding on their way wearing the stars and the moon.

Like the waning moon emerging from the clouds, spreading the cold and bright silver light over the earth.

Borrowing the moonlight, I could barely see the faces of the two figures clearly.

Isn't it Yuan Yutang and the female thief?

Yuan Yutang sat on the back of Master Chitu and rested, his eyes were slightly closed, he seemed to be asleep, and his upper body was bouncing as the horse walked.

'Brother Pingtou' sat on the head of the red rabbit as if his buttocks had taken root, with a big pear in each hand, bowing left and right, eating with great joy.

The female thief sitting behind on a jujube green horse was looking around energetically, with unreasonably strong curiosity.

Although Yuan Yutang was resting his eyes with his eyes closed, he was in full control of the female thief's every move, and he couldn't help feeling a little emotional when he saw this.

God is indeed fair, if he gave the female thief Guan Yuexiuhua a beautiful face, he will definitely take back something from her.

He found that the girl was a little short-sighted.

In order to save him, he actually tried to kidnap the mansion master.

The most frightening thing is not that she is whimsical, but that she is actually implementing it.

If Yuan Yutang hadn't found her in time, I'm afraid she would really succeed in kidnapping.

Kidnapping a court official like Fu Zun is no joke, how stupid would it be to think of such a bad idea?

It's no wonder that she was regarded as a murderer for burglary.

This IQ is really worrying.

What made Yuan Yutang even more speechless was that no matter what he said or tried to persuade, the female thief just didn't want to leave, and she was determined to follow him.

In the end, Yuan Yutang had no choice but to compromise.

Forget it, just follow if you love to follow, otherwise you will be killed to deliver food if you go outside, at least you can save your life by following yourself.

By the way, Yuan Yutang finally learned the name of the female thief.

The female thief's boudoir name is Lanxi, and she is sixteen years old. She claims that both her parents are dead and she has no worries.

How much of it is true or false, Yuan Yutang has no way of knowing.

Anyway, more people have more chopsticks, but if she dares to hide evil intentions.

I'm sorry, but Yuan Yutang's dictionary has never had the words pity the fragrance and cherish the jade.

The night was dark and it was no longer suitable for traveling, Yuan Yutang was planning to find a place to sleep in the open for the night.

Suddenly, the night sky was torn apart by a galloping black shadow.

Immediately afterwards, the sound of horseshoes and the looming fire came from a distance.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		