

Situ Mo?

This strange yet familiar name made Yuan Yutang sigh endlessly.

Although he had been recovering from his injuries for two months in the Northeast Governor's Mansion, he had no contact with the uncrowned king whose will enveloped the whole Tao.

But he had mixed feelings about the old man, one of the world's most distinguished handful.

Everyone has multiple sides.

Perhaps for the people in the Northeast Province, or even the whole Great Xia, Situ Mo may be like a Buddha of ten thousand families. Because of his toughness, because of his tenacity, and also because of his great talent and strategy, Situ Mo is unparalleled in the world. The wolves resisted outside the border for 18 years, which also made Daxia linger on for 18 more years.

Although these sacrifices are of little significance to the terminally ill Great Xia court, the simple common people will still be grateful from the bottom of their hearts to the great old man who guards the country alone.

But such a hero is cruel to his family and children to the point of inhumanity.

Or one of the most miserable things in the world is to be reincarnated as his children.

In order to raise military funds, he even did not hesitate to condescend and condescend to marry the two precious daughters who had been regarded as jewels in the palm of his hand to a wealthy businessman in Lingnan.

Also because of this incident, he gained a scornful nickname of "prostitute governor" in the officialdom, and became the laughing stock of many nobles.

But he never cared, and he only wanted to fight the wolves to the end.

Compared with his two daughters, his three sons are even more miserable.

Although they are called father and son, they are actually like raising Gu, without any warmth at all.

The eldest son, Situ Hongyi, was deliberately arrogant and domineering, and finally died tragically in the Tianmen Attic.

The second son has been dormant for more than 20 years, and once he gained power, he colluded with outsiders to kill his father.

The third son has been separated since childhood and has never tasted the warmth of home.

It is absolutely impossible to say that there is no deliberate connivance by Situ Mo.

Such a person who is both outrageous and admirable may only be able to truly see his merits and demerits after thousands of years.

It's just that she didn't expect that Yan Chixia and Situ Mo also had an intersection.

As if seeing Yuan Yutang's doubts, Yan Chixia smiled bitterly, "You may not believe me, but my character was too sharp back then. Offended countless people...

A negligence was caught by the enemy, and his reputation was almost ruined.

It was the old governor Situ who had never met before who tried his best to protect me..."

"The grace of saving life is as great as a mountain. Although I know that his death is strange, but considering the far-sightedness of his old man and the dirty conflicts in his family, even if I want to intervene, I can't do it..."

Saying that it was unnecessary to wipe the corners of her eyes, Yan Chixia lowered her eyes and said, "It's getting too far, let's get back to the point..."

"I know the origin of that murderous knife!"

Yuan Yutang's eyes sharpened suddenly.

Yan Chixia looked at him calmly, and said calmly, "It is true that I have something to keep secret from you, but I have to, if you have any complaints, just rush to my brother!"

Yuan Yutang stared at it for a long time before sighing, "So you brought us here on purpose?"

"Yes!" Yan Chixia admitted frankly.

"Is the murder knife related to those three people?" Yuan Yutang asked again.

Yan Chixia hesitated for a moment, then nodded, "Yes..."

bump!

Yuan Yutang suddenly jumped up at the case, and said angrily, "You and I have known each other since we were young, and we became brothers because of the same interests. Brothers are precious in friendship! I don't blame you for keeping things from me, after all, human beings have shortcomings and outsiders don't understand. My secret, but I'm sick of being taken advantage of!

If you can't give me an explanation today, let's cut our robes and judge justice! "

No wonder he reacted so violently. The murderous knife had a strange origin, and it was inseparably related to the nightmare of the three-headed beast fighting, and it was also related to Lanxi's recent anomaly that he could not recover his body. There must be inextricable connections.

Yan Chixia knew that he was worried about Lanxi these days and kept silent, so she took advantage of him and played him like a fool, how could he not get mad now?

"Brother..."

Yan Chixia was startled, she didn't expect Yuan Yutang to say such decisive words as cutting off her robe, she was at a loss for a while.

The room fell into a suffocating solemnity, the two remained silent for a long time, and the atmosphere was extremely oppressive.

After a while, Yan Chixia got up with a wry smile, bowed solemnly to Yuan Yutang, and said sincerely, "This time, I, Lao Yan, did not behave honestly, and I will forgive my virtuous brother for my brother. If I can't explain later Please let my brother be satisfied, no matter what decision my brother makes, I will fully accept it.”

Yuan Yutang just stared at him tightly and didn't speak.

Sighing, Yan Chixia suddenly asked a puzzled question:

"Brother, do you believe in the possibility of prophets in this world?"

Yuan Yutang's expression changed, but he didn't speak.

At the beginning, the secret that Yan Chixia had kept for a long time was revealed naturally.

"The secrets of heaven are illusory, the future is changing rapidly, and the prophets have always existed in legends. Whether they exist or not, no one can say for sure. Many people think that if they want to see the secrets in advance, they are afraid that they have to be immortals or the realm after ascension. Let's get involved..."

Yan Chixia said very seriously, "But! My brother can tell you clearly that there are gods who can see into the secrets and predict the future, and they do exist!"

"It's because the master is the god-man who transcends the ordinary and becomes holy!"

Yuan Yutang did not refute this.

Because Zhuge Tianji is a living example.

He has been dead for more than three hundred years, and still affects his every move.

Yan Chixia pondered for a while before solemnly saying, "It's because the master has participated in good fortune and profound Dharma, and is recognized by all Taoists as the first person in the world closest to the Buddha. As if ascending to the sky, he entrusted Governor Situ to fish me out of the prison back then."

After a pause, Yan Chixia said meaningfully, "The night before Governor Situ rescued me from prison, I had a bizarre dream."

Yuan Yutang frowned, and couldn't help asking, "What dream?"

It seems that recalling that dream still has lingering fears, Yan Chixia gritted her teeth and said, "It's a nightmare about the end of the world!"

"The end of the world?"

"That's right. In the dream, wildfire started, corpses littered the field, and all living beings wailed. It was a cruel doomsday made up of blood and disaster. The cause was caused by two terrifying strong men that are hard to observe, hard to describe, and hard to describe!"

Speaking of which, Yan Chixia subconsciously glanced at the special iron box placed in front of Yuan Yutang, and said with a little trepidation, "One of them, he seems to be holding that murderous knife. The power of the earth, the level of the realm is so high that I still can’t comprehend it... It’s those two terrifying powerhouses who fought fiercely, almost smashing the three realms of heaven, earth and man!!!”

"The dream came to an abrupt end here, and I can't even imagine the final outcome... When I woke up, Governor Situ had personally come to pick me up from the prison, and at the same time passed on a Zen motto from Master Laiyin... "

After taking a deep look at the expressionless Yuan Yutang, Yan Chixia continued:

"Dreams are not dreams, flowers are not flowers, if dreams come true, flowers are full of jade!!"

Hearing this, Yuan Yutang's pupils shrank suddenly, and he was extremely shocked.

Yutang?

murderous knife?

That nightmare about the last days is related to me? ?

"...Then Governor Situ entrusted me with an inexplicable task, asking me to come to Sichuan-Shaanxi Road to arrest the three old Gouzi, but not to kill them, and make them correct..."

Yan Chixia smiled bitterly, picked up the cigarette case and lit a cigarette, and said wearily, "Okay, this is the secret I have kept for ten years, and I have told you all about it, I feel ashamed for my brother, How my virtuous brother treats it is my own fault."

Yuan Yutang pondered for a long time, and asked in a trembling voice, "Then... what is the relationship between the three old dogs and the end of the world you dreamed about? Why did Master and Old Governor Situ specifically ask you to influence them? I really can't figure it out?"

When Yan Chixia heard that Yuan Yutang had revealed the intention, she couldn't help but secretly heaved a sigh of relief, and said a little relaxedly, "I can answer this for you right now..."

"In the past ten years, I have been afraid of forgetting that terrible end-time nightmare all the time, so I will recall it from time to time in my spare time, trying to find clues to reality from it, until one day later, I suddenly felt blessed and recalled a detail."

"What details?"

"There was a part of the dream, the old dog and the three of them seemed to be jointly manipulating a Buddhist magic weapon, trying to sneak attack on the strong man holding a murderous knife..."

After finishing speaking, the room once again fell into an unbearable depression.

After an unknown amount of time, the preoccupied Yuan Yutang suddenly asked, "I still have two questions!"

Yan Chixia seemed to have expected it and smiled, "But it's okay to say."

"First, you haven't revealed the origin of the murderous knife yet!"

"Second, what is your intention to lure me here to meet the old Gouzi and the three of you?"

Yan Chixia chuckled softly, "Your brother is really smart, and he found the key point from the noisy and tedious mess so quickly. In fact, your two questions can be answered with the same answer, and I will help you."

"Buddhism has three karma and ten crimes, those who violate it will not be reborn, and will fall into Abi forever.

The divisions of the three karma and ten crimes are: the three crimes of body karma—killing, stealing, and evil deeds; the four crimes of oral karma—lying, double-tongued, harsh words, and gossip; the three crimes of mind karma—greed, anger, and ignorance.

"Ananda's Purdue Purdue of All Living Beings" says that those who break the three karma and ten sins will gain supreme wisdom, cross the other shore by themselves, and establish Bodhi. "

"Therefore, there are three supreme Buddha treasures in the Buddhist sect, which are the transformation of evil, the elimination of crime, and the universal salvation..."

Yan Chixia suddenly smiled inscrutablely, "Blessed brother is lucky, the Buddha treasure will be thrown automatically, and the iron box is one of the supreme Buddha treasures, the Sin-Breaking Knife!"

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's heart beat fast, as if his blood was boiling.

Yan Chixia continued to explain on her own:

"The Sin Breaking Knife is born from nature, possesses supreme divine power, and cannot be forged by human beings. It is one of the symbols of heaven's recognition of Buddhism. As the name suggests, it can break all sins in the world!"

"Although the three old Gouzi have reformed their minds for many years, the sins they committed in the past still torture their hearts all the time."

"Bold up for my brother, I implore my virtuous brother to bring out the sword and cut off the sins in their hearts!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 34 Yan Chixia's Secret is free to read.




		