

Yuan Yutang hadn't had time to check the magical effect of the newly opened supernatural power of transforming into a shape, and somehow returned to the two-story villa where he met Zhuge Tianji.

Confucian crown and green shirt, the handsome young version of Zhuge Tianji is looking at him with a smile at the door.

"Wait in a hurry? Come and sit down."

Zhuge Tianji smiled and sat down on the Qianqiu rattan chair in his yard, quietly waiting for Yuan Yutang to pass by.

Yuan Yutang sighed faintly, sat across from Zhuge Tianji, and said with some frustration, "Since I traveled to the present, is everything under your control?"

Zhuge Tianji smiled inscrutably, "Yes, and no."

Upon hearing this, the unhappiness in Yuan Yutang's heart almost escalated into fury.

It would be depressing enough to be controlled by fate, but this guy who has been dead for more than three hundred years dares to play Zen in front of him, which is simply challenging his bottom line.

"Hehehe, if you have something to say, don't do it!" Seeing that something was wrong, Zhuge Tianji quickly changed the subject, "By the way, are you satisfied with the gift I gave you?"

Yuan Yutang suppressed his anger and did not speak.

Are you satisfied with the gift?

It's so satisfying! !

He was so satisfied that he wanted to beat Zhuge Tianji up!

Is this guy doing human affairs?

To actually forcibly integrate the remnant soul of a demon king into his primordial spirit, this is simply putting him on fire!

That's right, the giant fish living in the Sea of ​​Consciousness is the legendary Lan Kun, an ancient beast in the Demon King Realm!

It is said in the "Da Huang Jing" that there are fish in the North Sea, whose length is unknown tens of thousands of miles, and whose width is unknown tens of thousands of miles.

Kun has great power and can control the world.

The giant mountain that suppresses the dragon's veins is an artifact refined from the body of Lan Kun, named Buzhou Mountain!

Zhuge Tianji tried his best to kill the last blue kun in the world in the Eye of the North Sea, crushed its soul into exile, and refined its corpse into Buzhou Mountain, all for the purpose of giving Yuan Yutang a test.

Test whether he has the ability and luck to seize this great opportunity.

Situ Hongyi, the dead ghost, and others thought that the dragon veins were the biggest opportunity for the Tianmen Pavilion, and they were completely blindfolded.

The remnant soul of the demon king and the artifact Bu Zhoushan are the real opportunities!

After many days of suppressing and refining the "Tiangang Secret Art" which is more than a divine weapon, together with the Bright Cross, the remnant soul of the rebellious demon king was finally suppressed, and together with Bu Zhoushan, it was merged into Yuan Yutang's spiritual consciousness sea, which is an alternative recognition of the master.

Don't think this is a good thing.

The way of heaven has its own definite number, and the result of overreaching is only destruction.

With Yuan Yutang's current cultivation base, how could it be possible to accommodate the vast nature of the demon king, even if it was just a negligible remnant soul, let alone the divine weapon that seizes the good fortune of heaven and earth and suppresses the universe.

Although these two opportunities were forcibly integrated into Yuan Yutang's sea of ​​consciousness, it was like a time bomb buried in his mind, which might explode at any time.

How could Yuan Yutang not know the intention of Zhuge Tianji's move.

It seems to be a gift, but it is actually forcing Yuan Yutang to speed up his progress and become stronger.

Only by reaching the Human Wonderland as soon as possible can it be possible to completely control the demon king's remnant soul and Buzhou Mountain.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help gritting his teeth angrily.

Zhuge Tianji ignored Yuan Yutang's gritted teeth, and suddenly sighed a little lonely, "Don't think that I am harming you, time is not waiting for you, if you can't become stronger as soon as possible, in the face of the tide of catastrophe, let alone find the way home, can you keep the little one alive?" Fate is two things."

Yuan Yutang regained his composure instantly upon hearing the words.

Zhuge Tianji is by no means boring

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The reason why this person will show up again must have a deep meaning.

Moreover, he mentioned several times that time is running out and important information such as catastrophe is coming is already a very obvious hint.

But Yuan Yutang still didn't take the initiative to speak.

Firstly, I didn't want to fuel Zhuge Tianji's arrogance (what's the point of being angry with a dead person's memory fragments?).

Secondly, with his current strength, not to mention catastrophe, even a big monster is beyond his ability to deal with. If so, why worry about it?

When the sky falls, there is a tall man holding it up, so why should he, a warlock at the monk level, worry about the sky?

So even if he really wanted to know where Zhuge Tianji kept talking about the way home, he stubbornly endured it.

Zhuge Tianji is unparalleled in strategy, how could he not have guessed Yuan Yutang's careful thinking, and did not expose it, just smiled lightly and said, "Hehe, I know you have resentment in your heart, but it doesn't matter. When you are enjoying the blessing that most people dream of When it comes to fate, you should also be aware of paying the price.”

"One day, you will understand my good intentions."

"Forget it, the way home is hidden on the top of Kunlun. I just want to advise you, don't set foot on Kunlun until you are ready to risk everything!"

After saying that, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt hesitant.

When he came back to his senses, he had already appeared in the cave where the ghost mother was killed from the illusion.

After a long silence, Yuan Yutang took out the long-lost ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" and the mysterious cross of light from his arms.

After forcibly suppressing the demon king's remnant soul and Buzhou Mountain, these two rare treasures finally reappeared.

Rubbing lightly a few times, Yuan Yutang murmured quietly to himself, "The summit of Kunlun? The awareness to risk everything?"

"Zhuge Pifu, I will never let you control my life again!"


When they returned to Honghe Town, the riots had subsided.

But Li Chun disappeared early in the morning, together with the ghost mother's bereaved son who died soon and had a different appearance of a saint.

It must have been taken away by Li Chunyi, a poisonous snake.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help being very depressed, and made up his mind that the next time we see Li Chunyi, we must settle the old and new grudges together.

But what made him even more depressed was that Yan Chixia actually left without saying goodbye.

He only left a note at the inn, stating that there was a major change in the south, and he hurried to deal with it before saying goodbye, and agreed to go to Jingshan, Shaozhou to meet Yuan Yutang after the matter was finished.

The most outrageous thing is that Namurtai also took away the horn of the dragon without anyone noticing, without even saying hello, leaving only a bloody mace in the empty brocade box.

Yuan Yutang felt melancholy inexplicably.

It was as if all the relatives had been betrayed all at once, and he was left alone in the world, surrounded by an unprecedented sense of loneliness.

Fortunately, there is a lively and lovely Lan Xi by his side, which keeps him from feeling depressed.

The Honghe town was over, and Yuan Yutang didn't need to stay. After two days of rest, he took Lanxi and set off for Tianshui Road.

It's been more than half a year, and it's time for the ashes of the master to return to the roots.


On the vast sea, there is a western-style Galenic treasure ship, which is advancing at a terrifying speed beyond imagination.

The crisis of the sea monster "Mokaneca" has been resolved, and Monica and her party, who suffered heavy losses, are also replenishing manpower and supplies in the most marginal colony of the Holy See.

At first glance, it seems that nothing has changed on board, but the actual situation is very delicate.

The most fundamental reason came from an extra oriental man who suddenly appeared on board.

Facing the morning sun, a slender figure as tall and straight as a sword stood on the bow of the ship.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

His long, jet-black hair fluttered wantonly, like a snow-white robe fluttering, like a banished fairy descending to earth.

"Good morning, Mr. Baili!"

For the first time, Monica, the goddess of icebergs recognized by everyone on board, took the initiative to greet people. This scene made many admirers who watched secretly feel itchy.

The white-robed man who was taking in the morning glow turned around, revealing a flawless and handsome face, and smiled slightly, "Miss Monica got up so early?"

Monica replied indifferently, "I'm used to getting up early, has Mr. Baili ever gotten used to it?"

The white-robed man who was hated by many people was Baili Yinghua, the Sword Immortal of Qingtian Peak who turned the tide and killed dozens of terrifying sea monsters "Mokanica" alone.

Baili Yinghua smiled warmly, "I have long been accustomed to living in the world, and I am satisfied with a place to rest with a tile to cover my head. I haven't thanked the young lady for taking me in."

Monica suddenly smiled, like an iceberg melting, and the world turned pale in an instant.

The inadvertently revealed amorous feelings, but any male creature cannot be exempted.

Even Baili Yinghua, whose Dao heart is as firm as iron, can't help but lose his mind for a moment.

"Sir, why don't you be polite? If you really want to say thank you, we should thank you for saving your life." Monica has a profound family background. In order to retrieve the lost Bright Cross, she has learned every language she can learn. Therefore, he can communicate with Baili Yinghua in fluent Xia language.

Seeing Monica and Baili Yinghua happily communicating, one person in the cabin was so jealous that he spit fire.

bump!

Scott's eyes were bloodshot, and he punched the table heavily with a haggard look.

Monica hadn't smiled since he'd known her.

He didn't expect to show a smile for that oriental boy of unknown origin today, it was like a knife piercing his heart.

It is true that he admits that the oriental boy is very strong, unbelievably strong.

But so what?

Could it be that he, who has been hailed as a genius since he was a child, will be much worse?

As long as he is given time, he will surely catch up bravely, and even surpass that nasty oriental boy!

It's just that what he lacks most now is time.

He was afraid that Monica would fall in love with that Eastern boy before arriving in the East.

If that was the case, what was the point of his being alive?

Under the madness of humiliation and jealousy, Scott, who was about to lose his mind, didn't notice that an eyeball crawled out of the gap, and burrowed into his trouser leg silently.

Scott shivered violently, his pupils seemed to disappear in an instant, leaving only a ghastly paleness, which returned to normal in an instant.

Only afterwards, Scott's handsome face seemed to have a faint trace of evil.

Monica is still chatting with Baili Yinghua. It's not that she has fallen in love with Baili Yinghua, but because she wants to go to Daxia to perform missions and collect intelligence.

Baili Yinghua suddenly frowned, and cast her eyes like lightning to the empty cabin.

Monica was stunned when she saw this, and hurriedly asked, "Mr. Baili, what's the matter?"

Baili Yinghua shook his head suspiciously. Just now his consciousness seemed to be triggered by an evil energy that he had never seen before, but the evil energy was fleeting, so that he wondered if he was hallucinating.

After thinking about it for a while, Baili Yinghua decided to put the unreasonable thoughts back in her heart, and said with a gentle smile, "Don't worry, Miss Monica, as long as you go to Daxia territory, you will be my guests of Qingtian Peak. Help you find the treasure of your teaching."

Monica was overjoyed when she heard the words, and was just about to thank her, but before she could say anything, she was interrupted by a thunderbolt in the clear sky.

Baili Yinghua stared at the normal sky, and suddenly felt a little uneasy.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		