

All rivers, rivers and seas, mountains and ravines, birds and beasts, vegetation and vegetation, and those with spirits who are decreed for goodness are all immortals and gods!

——Excerpt from "Preface to Thousand Immortals and Ten Thousand Gods" written by Zhuge Tianji, a strange man from the previous dynasty.


In an instant, everything in the world seemed to be frozen.

All the food was stagnant, the splashed blood, the scattered limbs, the flying dust, and even the expressions of everyone present were frozen, like a silent and eerie vivid animation.

A meteor smashed through the sky and descended instantly.

boom!

It seems that a century has passed, and it seems that it is only at the fingertips.

When everything returned to normal, both the good and the evil were shocked to find that there was an unexpected guest on the battlefield.

"Is it you who are calling me?"

A terrifying aura of looking down on the world enveloped the audience, and all the creatures felt terrified, and there was no sound.

Except Yuan Yutang.

It's hard to describe his mood at this time.

The reason why he refused to stop at the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals despite the exhaustion of his life force was to obtain an absolute support, hoping to seal the world in one fell swoop.

Ever since he made up his mind to use the Shrine of the Bone of the Immortals, he has been guarding against the backhands of Gui Jianchou.

You must know that in the battle of Fulong Mountain, Master Mian Ran, the king of hungry ghosts, appeared in the world for a short time, and killed more than a dozen high-level big demon-level wild immortals to repel him.

Earlier, the old Mangshan ghost walked the world in his incarnation, trying to kidnap Concubine Zhou Luo, who was born to marry by force.

From this, the fairy family who summoned a bunch of people to the fairyland is not safe enough.

Either don't do it, or do it if you want to do it.

So Yuan Yutang did not dare to stop despite the risk of running out of vitality.

The so-called never forgetting must have an echo, he was very lucky, and finally at the most critical juncture, he successfully summoned a response from an immortal family of the earth immortal level.

Although I don't know how many times the immortal family in the fairyland is a strong man, but with such a strong support coming, and it is the home field in the world, it must be foolproof.

Until the arrival of the mysterious fairy family, Yuan Yutang thought so.

but!

Ever since he saw the true face of Lushan Mountain of the mysterious fairy family, he has not been calm! !

It has a fat yellow fluffy body, long black rabbit ears at the end, and a big winding tail...

The most outrageous thing is...

That guy's naive chubby face actually had two round blushes.

This, isn't this the peerless cutie that was familiar to thousands of boys and girls in the previous life...

... Pikachu! ! ! !

No matter how exaggerated Yuan Yutang's imagination was, he never imagined that one day he would see a living Pikachu appear in front of him! ! !

And that Pikachu is obviously cute and cute, but deliberately pretends to be majestic, with a grass root in his mouth, trying to create a rebellious and unruly temperament...

At this moment, Yuan Yutang's heart felt as if tens of thousands of alpacas were rushing past him, and it was too messy.

Compared to Yuan Yutang, who was about to collapse, Gui Jianchou in the distance was trembling, almost paralyzed from fright.

"It, no, why did He appear here?" Gui Jianshou murmured to himself with trembling teeth, "Isn't it rumored that He died more than three hundred years ago? How is it possible, how could He be still alive?"

The 'Pikachu in the air seemed to sense it, and looked back at Gui Jianchou faintly.

All of a sudden, it was as if thunder struck from the ground, and a terrifying storm was generated out of thin air, sweeping towards the location where Gui Jianshou was located as fast as thunder.

The ghost was worried as if he was facing an enemy, and his thoughts were anxious. Suddenly, a cloud of cloudy energy filled the air, and a ghostly green shield suddenly appeared, blocking the violent storm attack.

The surprise attack failed, "Pikachu, don't care, just muttered indifferently, "Is it a ghost shield? It seems that the little guy is quite valued by the old ghosts, and I will deal with you later!"

After finishing speaking, he turned his head to look at Yuan Yutang who was in a mess in the wind, and said in a bad tone

He scolded, "Hey, you called me all the way, are you trying to play tricks on me?"

There was a sudden impact of terrible coercion between the words, and Yuan Yutang was shocked like an electric shock, and he regained consciousness as if he had just woken up from a dream, at a loss for what to do.

As soon as he saw the appearance of the mysterious fairy family, his mind was filled with the soft and cute cry of "Pika, pickup, it's really hard work not to complain!" !

"It's a worthless thing, and I don't know the mentality of the old ghost Zhuge, so I chose you as the successor."'Pikachu raised his eyelids and sarcastically ruthlessly.

Yuan Yutang was startled suddenly, and couldn't help saying in amazement, "How do you know that I am the heir of Zhuge Tianji?"

Pikachu glanced indifferently at the Shrine of the Hundred Immortals in Yuan Yutang's hand, and sneered disdainfully, "You think Zhuge Old Ghost can kill the Hundred Immortals by himself and forge such a god-defying spiritual treasure? What? Without my Lord's help back then, many of his ideas would not have been possible to realize at all. If it weren't for this kind of incense, with your current cultivation base, even if you exhaust your vitality ten times, it is absolutely impossible to conquer Get the response of any Earth Immortal!!"

Yuan Yutang gasped, feeling inexplicably terrified.

Could it be that Zhuge Tianji already counted this scene more than three hundred years ago?

' Pikachu yawned out of boredom, volleyed lazily and lay down on his cheeks, and said lazily, "If you have something to say, if you have to fart, otherwise I will go back to the cave and continue to sleep. This filthy world , even taking an extra breath of air is suffering, hum!"

Yuan Yutang also understood the situation and dared not hesitate any longer. Quickly suppressed the doubts in his heart, tried his best to show the most serious posture, and saluted with fists cupped, "Yuan Yuji, who entered the Jingshan sect after the end of school, met the great immortal, and the righteousness of the great immortal, Bo Yuntian, came all the way to help. Xiaodao is grateful, dare you Ask about the name of the Great Immortal?"

'Pikachu snorted haughtily, "You are not worthy of knowing the name of this lord, what's the matter, you are still moaning, this lord is really leaving!"

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to hesitate when he heard the words, he only regretted that he didn't take the poke ball to travel with him, otherwise he would have to make this poisonous Pikachu look good!

Immediately said sternly, "Since senior speaks quickly, then Xiaodao is bold and rude!"

As he said that, he suddenly pointed to the ghost in the distance, and shouted awe-inspiringly, "This person is in vain, using the body of a yang to collude with the ghosts of the underworld, forgetting his ancestors, and messing up yin and yang. Let the common people live a bright and bright world!"

Being so accused face to face, Guijian was troubled by the existence of 'Pikachu, and dared not refute it, his face was distorted angrily, ferocious like a ghost.

He seems to know the origin of 'Pikachu, even with the support of the three ghost kings of the underworld, he dare not be as arrogant as before.

Suppressing his anger, Gui Jianchou gritted his teeth and said, "My... Majesty, I am the human agent of the three ghost kings of Mangshan, Mianran Dashi, and Heishan Old Demon. I have never had any enmity with you. If you insist I'm afraid it's inappropriate to make a move..."

'Pikachu, although it looks cute and cute, but in Gui Jianchou's heart, he is like a scourge, as arrogant as him, and he considers every word when he speaks, for fear that he will offend that master if he is not careful.

It's just that no matter how low and humble Gui Jianchou's posture is, it is doomed to be useless.

'Pikachu, slowly sat up straight in the air, and said in a cold voice with no expression on his face, "What are you, worthy of making noise in front of me?"

"If you offend me, go to hell and repent!"

The next moment, Gui Jianchou felt as if he was being crowded by an invisible force, squeezing his movement space crazily in an instant.

It looked like it was about to be crushed into meat sauce.

When his life was hanging by a thread, Gui Jianchou gritted his teeth violently, took out a rotten heart that was bleeding continuously from under the cloak, and yelled sharply, "Three ghost kings, I offer my thousand rotten hearts to the three lords. Come to the rescue!"

Before the words were finished, the situation suddenly changed suddenly, and three thick and terrifying Yin Qi suddenly tore through the ground and rose into the night.

Immediately there was a loud bang, as if something invisible had been shattered, followed by terrifying roars that were not seen in the human world from the giant pillars of Yin Qi that rushed to the night.

The ghost who managed to save his life was still in shock and panicked.

Choosing the way to retreat more than ten miles at a high speed, I was angry and shocked.

Thousands of rotten hearts are rare treasures in the world, and they need to be warmed with tens of thousands of bones and remains for thousands of years in an extremely dark place to have a chance to take shape.

He spent half his life trying to find this mature heart of thousands of rotten people by chance. He originally planned to use it to obtain the secret method of life-saving from the three ghost kings when he experienced the first catastrophe in the future.

He didn't expect to be forced to use it up here, which was simply killing his heart and soul.

Anyway, Liang Zi has already formed, and the enmity between each other has exceeded the scope of the mission.

Either he dies today or Yuan Yutang dies. There is absolutely no third choice!

Pikachu, who has never been upright since he appeared on the stage, finally showed a rare dignified color, and slowly floated into the air, two obsidian-like bright and crystal black big eyes seemed to be burning with endless anger, took a deep breath, and looked naive The fat face suddenly bulged into two meat buns.

He opened his mouth suddenly to express his joy, and the sound of thunder shook the world.

"You three bastards even dare to take care of labor and management. Believe it or not, labor and management killed the underworld and dragged you out of the grave?!!"

Yuan Yutang was stunned.

‘Pikachu, how terrifying?

In the face of three unfathomable ghost kings, he dared to speak such nonsense. Does this guy have something to rely on, or is he just out of his mind?

The three great immortal families and the three guard ghost cavalry who had been fiercely fighting before had been automatically reduced to a dull background. At this time, the key to determining the outcome was 'Pikachu, and the three ghost kings who broke through the world.

Being provoked head-on, and responding to 'Pikachu,' is the thunderous blow of the three ghost kings.

"court death!"

"Roar~"

"Bold!"

The one who said he was looking for death was the mangshan ghost king who stood upright in the sky and was full of yin.

The roaring of the wild beasts is the face-burning master of the king of hungry ghosts.

It was the legendary ghost king Heishan Old Demon, who was shrouded in mist, who spoke rudely.

Three huge palms covering the sky and the sun rushed out of the world from the netherworld respectively, and the ground trembled and the rivers reversed in an instant, as if the end of the world had come.

'Pikachu, happy and fearless, with a contemptuous smile, there will be a flash of thunder on the spot.

Before Yuan Yutang was stunned by the terrifying aura, he vaguely heard:

"...Little devil, my name is Lord Variety Star. If you want to go to the top of Kunlun in the future, you can come to Dongyue in the water to find me. Zhuge old ghost has a legacy to entrust to you..."

Immediately, he rolled his eyes and lost consciousness in an instant.


		