

Under the sword light, all beings are equal.

Yan Chixia's move, "Sword transforms thousands of thousands, has the ability to destroy heaven and earth, covering an area of ​​nearly several miles without distinction, and razing this dense forest to the ground."

"Ah~ the formation of myriad monsters and tree spirits in this seat~ stinky Taoist priests, dare you!!"

An extremely angry roar echoed between heaven and earth.

Yan Chixia's momentum was like a rainbow, and in just a moment, the sword net above the sky was restored to its original state again, proving that he was not only powerful in one blow, she sneered and said:

"Don't you dare to see it with your eyes? Such a rough labyrinth is also worthy of fighting in front of your grandpa Yan?"

"How dare you!"

Grandma's angry howl exploded like thunder, followed by a violent tremor on the bumpy ground, and Fan Ruodilong turned over.

boom!

A huge tongue several tens of feet long and seven or eight feet wide suddenly broke through the ground, attacking fiercely like a giant python.

Yan Chixia sneered in disdain, and was about to urge the sword net in the sky to break the demon, but Yuan Yutang, who had already been enthusiastic, stopped him in advance:

"Brother Yan, let me play!"

Startled, Yan Chixia had no choice but to back away.

Yuan Yutang, who was about to try, grinned, took a deep breath, his eyes seemed to shoot out two lightning bolts, and roared angrily, "You old hag who is neither male nor female, let me come back to you!"

As he spoke, he kicked his feet fiercely, and the strong force blasted two big holes in the ground, and the whole person shot out like riding the wind and waves.

"Hmph, I don't know how to live or die, I want you to pay the price in blood today, kill!"

The giant tongue leaped over the river like a dragon, unstoppably crashing towards Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang was happy and fearless, the blood in his body was boiling, and his strong magic power surged crazily. When his aura reached its peak, he slammed out a shocking punch.

The power of subduing dragons and subduing tigers—twenty-fold increase!

That's right, over the past few days, Yuan Yutang's understanding of subduing dragons and subduing tigers has gradually deepened, and he has developed the ability to increase twenty-fold. He urgently needs a powerful test stone to test the results.

And the tree demon grandma, whose realm is about Huangquan Road in the Great Demon Realm, is undoubtedly the best candidate.

As long as there are enough gains in this battle, if time passes, thirty times, fifty times, or even a hundred times increase will not be a dream!

So he took the initiative to ask for a fight, for fear that his grandma would be instantly killed by Yan Chixia.

Strange to say, he originally thought that Yan Chixia was fashionable and young, and her strength should not be as advanced as the old age in the movie, but he didn't expect that Yan Chixia's current strength surpassed her performance in the first two "A Chinese Ghost Story".

I don't know if the movie records are wrong, or if the characters in this world have been strengthened.

Well, now is not the time to think wildly.

It was too late to say it, and then it was too late, the fist peak that was driving straight and the menacing giant tongue collided in an instant.

rumbling~

Like thousands of cannons firing, a terrifying gale erupted at the scene, directly shaking the devastated ground into a huge deep pit.

Seeing this, Yan Chixia couldn't help but click her tongue, and once again refreshed his evaluation of Yuan Yutang, the little brother.

Yuan Yutang was thrown half a mile away by the strong shock force, and plowed seven or eight feet deep into the ground without losing his energy.

The giant tongue is also not easy, folded and twisted like a train derailed, the whole body is covered with shocking cracks, and the disgusting viscous juice is splashed wildly, the scene is extremely disgusting.

"Ah~ my tongue~"

Grandma's mournful howls of men and women resounded in the void, and then the mutilated giant tongue quickly retracted back to the ground like a ghost.

"Want to run?"

Yan Chixia's thick eyebrows were all clustered, she squeezed her sword fingers and pressed down suddenly, and shouted awe-inspiringly, "The sword transforms thousands, the divine sword suppresses evil, the dragon roars nine days, and all monsters are killed, kill!"

Whoosh!

In an instant, the dense sword light hanging in the air was like stars falling, gathering down like a storm.

Boom boom boom!

Every sword light erupted with terrifying power, so many sword lights attacked at the same time, the mountains shook suddenly, and the sky was covered with dust.

After a while, the disheartened Yuan

Yutang also came back, he couldn't help gasping when he saw the horrifying scene like a nuclear washout, and asked frightenedly, "Brother Yan, what's the matter, but the tree demon has already been killed?"

Although the question was asked in this way, Yuan Yutang knew that the centipede of the tree demon's grandmother was dead but not stiff, and it was definitely not so easy to kill.

"Damn it, flowers, plants, and plants generally have strange supernatural powers to save their lives when they turn into demons, and they are the hardest to kill. This made the tree demon slip away. It's really hateful!" Yan Chixia cursed angrily.

Yuan Yutang was immediately relieved when he heard the words, and hurriedly asked, "Brother Yan, can you tell me in detail?"

Yan Chixia sighed, and said in a deep voice:

All things have animism, and they can seek a trace of transcendence, but compared to humans, birds and beasts who are naturally favored by heaven, creatures like flowers, plants, and plants are born with slow intelligence. On the road of practice.

But there are no absolutes in everything, because there are too many flowers, plants, and plant creatures, as long as they survive long enough, sooner or later some outstanding ones will stand out and become demons and spirits.

Precisely because of the harsh innate conditions, ordinary flowers and plants will comprehend a special life-saving magical power after they become essences, and it is extremely difficult to kill them head-on.

"The demon spirit enchantment that I mentioned to my brother before must be the life-saving supernatural power of the tree demon. It exists alone outside the three realms and is not under the jurisdiction of the five elements. Forcibly break in." Yan Chixia said with a sigh, "It is estimated that the tree demon hid in the enchantment of the demon spirit. Now that things have happened, there is nothing I can do."

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly after listening.

I already knew that the tree demon was difficult to deal with, but I didn't expect it to be so difficult. After two days of busy work, it was nothing in the end.

Thinking of this, he couldn't help feeling a little frustrated.

Yan Chixia patted him on the shoulder and comforted him, "Don't think too much about what's there or not. At worst, I'll think about it next time. I don't want that tree demon to never show up for the rest of his life."

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly, but was speechless.

After tidying up hastily, the two returned home overnight.


The capital of Shannan Road, Gunzhou City.

In the mansion of Deputy Chief Minister Di, the high-ranking and powerful Di Shizun, Master Di is sleeping peacefully with his newly married 28th concubine in his arms.

Suddenly, the sleeping Lord Di frowned, and Dou Da's cold sweat soon covered his forehead, as if he was enduring unbearable pain in his sleep.

"Father, come and save me, my son is about to be sucked dry of Yuanyang by monsters!"

In a trance, Di Shizun seemed to hear his beloved son Di Yinhao's cry for help, and anxiously wanted to wake up, but he didn't expect to be crushed by a ghost, his eyelids were so heavy that he couldn't open them no matter how hard he tried.

Soon, I heard Di Yinhao's illusory but extremely sad cry:

"Father, what are you waiting for, if you don't come, your son will die~"

"My son Yoon Ho~"

The distraught Di Shizun suddenly howled, woke up from the dream and sat up, crying with tears streaming down his face.

The pretty concubine was also woken up, Huarong comforted the frightened Shizun Di with a pale face, "Master, what's the matter with you, master? Come quickly, master is in trouble!!"

Soon after the night watchman heard the movement, he rushed in in a mess, touching his chest and pinching him, the whole Di Mansion was in chaos.

After struggling for a long time, Di Shizun came back to his senses, struggling to get up and rush out, he shouted with tears, "My son Yin Hao, where is my son? Go and beg him, my son is in danger~"

The loyal housekeeper saw the symptoms of the problem at a glance, and hurriedly asked a few clever servants to look for Di Yinhao, then trotted up to Di Shizun and comforted him softly, "Master, don't worry, the young master is fine, he just went out to meet his friends." The party, the old slave has already driven people to find him back, after a while the young master will go home~"

After hearing this, Di Shizun settled down, let out a breath of foul air slowly, and fell back precariously, scaring the people around again.

After finally putting Di Shizun on the bed, Di Shizun held the housekeeper's hand tightly and asked anxiously, "My son Yin Hao is really just going out to visit friends, not in danger?"

The housekeeper knew that the head of the family had a son when he was old, and he loved him the most. If something happened to Di Yinhao, the sky in Di's mansion might collapse.

"Really, master, don't think too much, the young master will be back soon~"

"That's good, that's good, as long as my son is safe, that's great luck."

Elderly people are most afraid of emotional ups and downs, and with the reassurance of the housekeeper, Di Shizun can finally let go of the stone hanging in his heart.

At the same time, a wave of extreme tiredness came quickly, and Di Shizun was about to fall asleep.

At the end, he asked a lot of questions.

"Then where is my son visiting friends?"

The old housekeeper was in a state of confusion, and replied without thinking, "Master and a group of friends went to Lanruo Temple to hold a test of courage."

"What? Lanruo Temple, known as the capital of fierce ghosts?"

Di Shizun, who was about to fall asleep, widened his eyes suddenly when he heard it, and remained motionless as if he had been cast with a fixing spell.

The old butler was shocked, consciously saying the wrong thing.

But before he could make amends, Di Shizun shook, the rosiness on his face faded like a tide, he opened his mouth and sprayed out a bloody arrow, and immediately fell unconscious.


At dawn, Yuan Yutang and Yan Chixia finally returned to Guobei County smoothly.

After a hasty breakfast, the two went straight to the Tongxin Inn that they had agreed with Li Chunyi.

After arriving at the inn, they found that Lan Xi and Chen Changsheng hadn't gotten up yet, and Li Chunyi hadn't come back either, so they went back to their rooms to rest.

When I woke up, it was already dusk.

As soon as Yuan Yutang opened his eyes, he saw Li Chunyi appearing in front of the bed anxiously, and was startled.

"Fuck, what do you want?"

Li Chunyi glared at him angrily, and said indignantly, "Why are you asking me, what else do I want to ask you for! You didn't wake up after sleeping for three days and three nights, and Lao Yan was already in a hurry to find him. The doctor is here to treat you!"

"What? I slept for three days and three nights? How is this possible?"

Yuan Yutang was taken aback. He obviously felt that he had just fallen asleep, so how could it be possible that three days and three nights have passed?

Could it be that he traveled directly to three days later?

Before Yuan Yutang could sort out his thoughts, Li Chunyi asked anxiously, "Okay, let's put the other aside first, let me ask you, did you gain anything from this trip to Lanruo Temple?"

"The only son of Mr. Di, the deputy chief minister of Shannan Road, mysteriously disappeared in Lanruo Temple, and most of the scholars and bachelors who went with him also lost their lives."

"Now the whole Shannan Road is about to turn upside down!!"


		