


In a trance, Yuan Yutang was horrified to find that he could not hear the sound at all, his vision was also dark, and an indescribable terror filled his heart.

Humans are audio-visual animals, and if they suddenly lose their hearing and vision, everyone will fall into panic.

But fortunately, not long after the panic, the visual and auditory senses gradually recovered.


In his blurred vision, Yuan Yutang seemed to see the disheveled Chen Changsheng shaking him, and seemed to be talking, but unfortunately he could only hear a vague humming sound.

Yuan Yutang wanted to shake his head, but was shocked to find that he couldn't move at all, as if a boulder had been pressed on his chest, and he was so heavy that he couldn't breathe at all.

He wanted to tell Chen Changsheng about his situation, but unfortunately, his mouth could only tremble slightly, and he didn't even have the strength to speak, so he could only desperately use his eyes to signal.

Chen Changsheng was stunned, but suddenly understood, and punched Yuan Yutang in the chest.

"Wow~"

Yuan Yutang opened his mouth and spat out a big mouthful of black blood, as if the stone on his chest had been removed, and he was finally able to breathe smoothly. He took in the fresh air greedily, and gradually he was able to see his surroundings clearly, and his hearing gradually returned to normal.

"Hey...how about hey?"

The first thing he did when he returned to normal, Yuan Yutang nervously grabbed Chen Changsheng by the collar and asked about his safety.

Chen Chang let out a sigh of relief, smiled wearily, and pouted to the side, "Hey, it's okay, Manager Sun is taking care of her."

Yuan Yutang looked over hastily, and sure enough, he saw Miao Miao struggling in Sun Yi's arms and about to pounce on him.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was fine, Sun Yi quickly put the beep down.

"Wow wow~ Master~"

Beep cried so heartbroken, he opened his arms and slammed into Yuan Yutang's arms.

"It's okay, it's okay, hey be good, master is fine..." Yuan Yutang comforted him by patting his back with lingering fear.

"Sun Guanshi, Changsheng, are you all okay?"

At this time, Yuan Yutang had time to care about the situation of Sun Yi and the other two.

Sun Yi and Chen Changsheng smiled wryly and shook their heads, indicating that nothing happened.

The situation just now was extremely dangerous.

If Yuan Yutang turned his head at the critical moment and subconsciously activated the magical power of summoning wind and rain to resist it, the four of them might lose their skins if they didn't die. @*~~

The four supported each other to stand up, all showing extremely shocked expressions of stunned.

All because what they saw was too shocking.

I saw that the lush trees that covered the sky behind him disappeared strangely, and replaced by an unfathomable huge pit, and they happened to be located on the edge of the huge pit.

This also means that they will be smashed to pieces just by a tiny bit.

Yuan Yutang swallowed hard, and looked into the huge pit with a dazed mind. It was pitch black under the huge pit, and the bottom of his eyes could not be seen to the limit.

Recalling the thrilling moment just now, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but break out in a cold sweat.

The blue sky thunder just now can be said to destroy the world, even thousands of times more terrifying than the thunder that Shen Tujie crossed the robbery for the seventh time.

Who is the giant shadow that was destroyed by the thunder, and how could it attract such a level of thunder?

Based on the principle of not staying in a dangerous place for long, Yuan Yutang immediately wanted to take the frightened three people away.

Suddenly, he felt a violent dizziness in his head, and he suddenly lost his mind for a moment.

It's just that when he regained consciousness again, he was shocked to find that he had come to the sea of ​​consciousness space where the clouds and mists were churning and huge mountains stood tall.

Instinctively startled, he thought it was the demon king Lan Kun's seal that had failed, and that's why he was pulled into the sea of ​​consciousness space for no reason.

After a while, there was no sign of the seal failing, and the sea of ​​consciousness was calm.

Just when he was in doubt, a huge shadow that covered the sky and the sun suddenly appeared from behind the artifact named Buzhou Mountain.

Suddenly, an ancient book and a silver cross appeared out of thin air, suppressing the two sides of the huge shadow like a giant pillar, preventing it from completely coming out of Buzhou Mountain.

"hateful!"

A roar louder than thunder suddenly sounded, causing Yuan Yutang to fall to the ground in fright.

"Boy, I want to make a deal with you!"

that god.

The unpredictable and terrifying sound resounded through every corner of the Consciousness Sea space.

Yuan Yutang showed a dull expression after listening.

trade?

Lan Kun and him had a sworn feud, and he had no idea that there was any possibility of a deal between the two parties.

Yuan Yutang didn't get a response for a long time, and the earth-shattering majestic voice roared angrily, "Don't be stupid, help me to get the guardian bone, I can save your life in a critical situation, do it or not! !"

Guardian bone?

How can I have a guardian bone?

Just as Yuan Yutang was about to subconsciously refuse in a daze, suddenly a flash of inspiration flashed in his mind, and he choked on the words that came to his lips.

The guardian bone is a kind of bone unique to the big demon and the demon king. It is not only the perfect weapon embryo that all refiners dream of, but also the best residence of the demon primordial spirit.

In Yuan Yutang's hands, the Temple of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals, which is comparable to a nuclear bomb, is a supreme artifact refined from the bone of the guardian god, and its power is astonishing.

Apart from the Shrine of the Bone of the Immortals, the only bone that Yuan Yutang could think of was the giant shadow of Dagu mountain god who was smashed to pieces by the blue sky thunder.

Knowing the truth, and having the double protection of the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Technique" and the Bright Cross, Yuan Yutang immediately showed a meaningful smile.


Sea of ​​Consciousness space has passed for a long time, and the outside world is just a snap of the fingers.

When Yuan Yutang's consciousness returned to reality, even Chen Changsheng and the other three didn't realize that he was distracted.

After thinking for a while, Yuan Yutang turned his head and said to Sun Ying, "Sun Guanshi, I'm going down to see the situation, please take Changsheng and Xie to Tongzhou as soon as possible, and I will come to join you as soon as possible."

"You, you want to go down? I don't want to kill you!!" Sun Yi was stunned for a moment, and then sternly cursed, "No, I firmly disagree with your taking risks. Don't think that you will be fine after Lei's punishment. I'm not afraid to tell you Lei After the punishment, the ruins are murderous every step of the way, unless you lose your mind and go crazy, otherwise you will die if you go there!"

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly and did not explain, nor could he explain.

Although he also knows that the deep pit is dangerous, but wealth and wealth are in danger.

It is a rare opportunity to grab the wool of the demon king Lan Kun, and he will never miss it.

Seeing that Sun Yi's expression was not right, Chen Changsheng wanted to help persuade Yuan Yutang to change his mind, but unfortunately he stopped him with a stern look.

Yuan Yutang subconsciously glanced at the big green bull transformed by Mokui, and saw the creature lying limply on the ground and twitching, obviously frightened.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help being contemptuous.

Hmph, is this the virtue of the so-called demon king?

But in an instant his heart was heavy again.

Even Mokui, the demon king, was frightened like this. One can imagine how terrifying that blue divine thunder just now was.

He was so exhausted, he had already fallen into a deep sleep.

Sun Yi's face was ugly, but he was helpless.

Yuan Yutang pursed his lips and patted Sun Ying's shoulder, and said solemnly and sincerely, "Don't worry, I'll be fine, I'll leave Changsheng and Xixi to you!"

As he spoke, he ignored Sun Yi's reaction and jumped into the huge pit.


Although he had mentally prepared that the pit would be deep, it was beyond Yuan Yutang's expectations when he got down.

It fell for almost half a stick of incense, but it still couldn't reach the bottom.

If that blue sky lightning strikes the state capital city, I am afraid that there will be one less state in the latest territory of Daxia.

Inexplicably, he felt trembling.

This has nothing to do with guts and courage, it is purely the instinctive fear of creatures in the face of irresistibility.

After another half a stick of incense, they finally arrived at the field smoothly, and Yuan Yutang's hanging heart could finally be put back in his stomach.

The first thing Yuan Yutang did after landing was to look back and look up, and then his whole body became ill.

So fucking scary.

With excellent eyesight and night vision ability, he can only see a blurry starry sky. This big pit is comparable to the world's deepest well in Sakhalin Island in Maoxiong Kingdom in his previous life!

Forcibly suppressing his shock, Yuan Yutang began to survey the environment at the bottom of the pit.

As if in an instant, an indescribable, overwhelming sense of terror and oppression struck like a landslide and tsunami. Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a burst of suffocation, and almost passed out directly.

Thanks to that oppression.

The feeling came and went quickly, disappearing in the blink of an eye.

Then Yuan Yutang felt that the surrounding air was unbearably hot. In the night vision screen, the bottom of the extremely vast deep pit was pitch black, and there were clusters of thick smoke everywhere, like a disaster scene after a volcanic eruption.

No, it should be thousands of times more terrifying than the scene of a volcanic eruption.

Because Yuan Yutang was horrified to find that there were many pools of flowing glass-like liquid around him.

It is a wonder that can only be formed after the rock is baked by high temperature.

How high is this f*cking temperature to instantly melt the rocks like this?

This thing looks beautiful, but the temperature is much higher than the lava, throwing a discus into it will instantly melt into molten iron, let alone flesh and blood.

Yuan Yutang's face was ugly, and he regretted his hasty advance for a moment.

Because as far as he could see, the colored glaze melted almost covered the entire ground, and there was almost no place for a cone to stand on. He was lucky enough to explode, so he didn't fall directly into the colored glaze melt.

No wonder Sun Yi insisted on not letting him down, it was extremely dangerous.

Yuan Yutang took deep breaths continuously, forced himself to calm down, and carefully felt the information fed back to him by Lan Kun in the sea of ​​knowledge.

After a while, he suddenly opened his eyes.

found it!

The guardian bone left by the unnamed mountain god is in the molten glass about 120 meters ahead.

It's just that Yuan Yutang's expression suddenly collapsed at the next moment.

So what if you find the guardian bone.

Everything in front of him was covered by molten glass, like a death penalty zone, and he had no possibility of passing through safely.

If you want to wait for the molten glass to cool down, you don’t know what year and month you will have to wait. Although the Guardian Bone is indestructible and has a superb charm, if it is idle for a long time, the spirituality in it will be evaporated. Will be greatly discounted.

Yuan Yutang suddenly fell into a dilemma. _o_m

How can I get the guardian bone smoothly~.


		