

Zila~

A cluster of flames flickered in the darkness.

"Ah~"

Immediately afterwards, a shrill scream resounded through the sky.

Yuan Yutang was sweating profusely, leaning against a big tree and panting violently.

Whether this was the thirtieth or thirty-one ghosts he encountered, he couldn't remember.

I never expected that the Hundred Ghosts Night Walking Curse would happen so quickly and violently.

He got his way out of it, unexpectedly within just half an hour, the ghosts all over the mountains and plains rushed towards him like crazy.

At the beginning, he didn't take it seriously, he was just a wandering ghost, and he could kill with a backhand.

But when the twentieth ghost attacked, he realized that something was wrong.

First of all, he is a human being, a body of flesh and blood, and he is not the legendary fairy who eats wind and drinks dew and is tireless.

So his mana will be consumed with the battle, he will be tired, he will be exhausted, and even...

will die!

After he killed the latest attacking ghost, he was already exhausted to death.

"Gah, gah, gah..."

Sweat blurred his vision, and he raised his eyelids with difficulty to look at the sky.

Damn it, why isn't it dawn yet?

It was the first time in his two lifetimes that he longed for light so much.

As long as the dawn breaks, surely those crazy ghosts will temporarily die down?

Bai Ling'er looked at the side with a complicated expression. Originally, in her imagination, it would not take long for Yuan Yutang's cultivation to reach the level of a real person to attack the Hundred Ghosts.

He never expected that he would be so ferocious, forcibly beheading all the ghostly ghosts in front of him.

Bai Ling'er was born in a famous family, and was instilled by her family elders since she was a child that the strong should be respected and the weak should be preyed on by the strong. Due to the superior environment, she never bothered to associate with the weak.

I thought that the younger generation of Lingxiao Pavilion, where I belonged, was already proud of the world.

Unexpectedly, there is a sky beyond the sky, and there are people beyond people.

Yuan Yutang actually suppressed all the young heroes in her mind with his own strength.

Is this the so-called peerless genius?

Inexplicably, she couldn't help feeling a little bit of admiration for Yuan Yutang.

Moreover, Yuan Yutang slapped her big ears mercilessly before, leaving an extremely deep impact on the heart of this wealthy lady who has never suffered from the sufferings of the world since she was a child.

Obviously, he should hate Yuan Yutang, but there seems to be a fatal attraction in him, making Bai Linger unable to hate him no matter what.

Yuan Yutang didn't have the time to care about Bai Linger's complicated girlish feelings, all he could think about was how to survive.

"Woo woo woo~"

Suddenly, a terrifying ghost cry broke the silence.

Yuan Yutang wailed in his heart, but he had to pull himself together.

Damn, can't people have a moment of peace?

A thin puff of smoke quickly filled the air like a whirlwind of clouds, and soon the surrounding area became blurred.

The erratic and erratic sound of ghost crying that made one's scalp numb, was conveyed into his heart like a three-dimensional surround sound effect, which made Yuan Yutang lose control of his emotions inexplicably.

Yuan Yutang was more dignified than ever before.

This time the ghost is no small matter.

The lingering mist in front of his eyes is clearly almost materialized ghost aura.

In other words, the ghost that hasn't shown up is definitely a peak ghost, or even a tricky character at the level of wraiths!

I really come here for whatever I am afraid of.

Yuan Yutang kept on guard while smiling wryly.

Bai Ling'er hesitated to speak.

At this moment, a ghost hand withered like a chicken's claw stretched out towards Bai Ling'er from behind without a sound.

Poor Bai Ling'er didn't notice it at all.

Boom~

A blazing fire rose up.

It was Yuan Yutang who discovered it in time at the very moment, and quickly punched the ghost's hand.

"Wow~"

A strange cry suddenly sounded in the mist, and then the surrounding mist seemed to rise up in an instant, boiling violently. @

When Bai Ling'er heard the sound and turned her head, she saw the ghost hand with burn marks retreating into the mist, and couldn't help being shocked.

"This.

What's the situation? "Yuan Yutang shouted awe-inspiringly.

Bai Ling'er didn't seem to come back to her senses, she asked in a daze, "What, what's the situation?"

Yuan Yutang regained his composure and grabbed Bai Ling'er's collar, and shouted with red eyes, "I'm asking you, didn't you say that ghosts only target people who have been cast by the Hundred Ghosts Night Curse? Why did the ghosts treat you this time?" Start? What are you hiding from me?"

Bai Ling'er was stunned by the yelling, and said with reddened eyes, "I, I don't know, Master doesn't allow us to learn the Night Walking Curse of Hundred Ghosts, saying it's against the harmony of heaven...Really, I really don't know." I didn't lie to you~" jj.br>

By the end she was on the verge of crying.

Yuan Yutang let go of Bai Linger after listening.

He thought he had found the amulet, but he never expected that Bai Ling'er would be a burden.

Now it's even more troublesome.

When something unexpected happened, besides dealing with the attack of the ghosts, he also had to be distracted to protect Bai Ling'er. The living environment couldn't help being extremely harsh.

"Woo woo woo~"

The ghost in the mist seemed to be extremely patient. After suffering a loss, he made up his mind to torture Yuan Yutang with the sound of ghost cries, and he still refuses to make a move.

The veins on Yuan Yutang's forehead twitched violently, the irritability in his heart was unbearable, he snapped his neck and roared, "Fuck you! Why are you crying? Get out if you can, and cry for your father!"

At this moment, he suddenly felt that his feet were out of balance, and he fell backwards.

"Fuck!"

Yuan Yutang turned pale with shock, raised his eyes and found that he was pulled down by a tongue.

Madan is careless!

Knowing something was wrong, he instinctively wanted to struggle.

But before Yuan Yutang exerted any strength, that slippery and weird tongue dragged him on the ground in vain.

"Ahhh~"

Yuan Yutang felt that he was on a roller coaster and was being dragged along involuntarily.

Tongue circled a branch of a big tree, suddenly suspended Yuan Yutang in the air on one foot.

The pampered Bai Ling'er was already pale with fright.

sudden.

An indescribable cold suddenly descended, as if freezing everything.

Immediately afterwards, Bai Ling'er was horrified to see a figure appear out of thin air from the big tree hanging Yuan Yutang.

Thin figure, disheveled hair, a pair of eyeballs almost protruding from the eye sockets, and a long tongue protruding from the toothless mouth that was opened to the limit.

This is a hanged ghost! !

Yuan Yutang was hanging in mid-air with nowhere to draw his strength, and his tongue kept shaking slightly, which made it impossible for him to organize an effective counterattack for a while.

The hanged ghost finally appeared and met Yuan Yutang face to face, his heart skipped a beat and he felt chills in vain.

Among the ten thousand ghosts in the world, if you want to choose the ghost with the most resentment, I am afraid that the hanged ghost dares to recognize the second, and no ghost dares to recognize the first.

People who hang themselves to death must experience inhuman pain during their lifetime. @*~~

The pain of watching myself suffocate and the neck bone being strangled bit by bit by the weight is simply hard for outsiders to understand.

It is also because of this that all hanged ghosts will definitely not be able to reincarnate. They wander around the world all year round looking for substitutes, and over time they will become unmanageable disasters.

The hanged ghost really lived up to its reputation. A terrifying ghostly aura almost froze Yuan Yutang's blood, and the terrifying grimace that was so ferocious that it could frighten the living was slowly approaching him. It expanded rapidly, as if it was going to swallow Yuan Yutang in one gulp.

Yuan Yutang's face was extremely ugly, his heart was beating wildly like a drum, and his whole body was frozen and unable to move.

Of course he knew that ghosts without bodies would not eat people.

However, this thing will devour souls!

If the soul is swallowed, it will be beyond redemption.

On the line of life and death, Yuan Yutang cannot be allowed to think too much.

Feeling ruthless from the bottom of his heart, Yuan Yutang sternly shouted, "It's too high, there is no self and nothing, Zeli is facing each other, all living beings are amazed, and they are as anxious as Lihuo, moral and true emperor's laws, welcome the true emperor's Dharma to come!"

Suddenly.

A little spark suddenly appeared, and immediately after the spark flourished, a big hand made of pure flames took shape out of thin air, and pressed the palm against the head of the hanged ghost.

raging~

The fiery breath dispelled the boundless cold, fire.

The light illuminates a radius of 100 meters.

A majestic and majestic divine form descended suddenly, repelling the hanged ghost with a single punch.

"Wow~"

The hanged ghost let out a vague scream, fell into the mist and disappeared.

This is the emptiness and lawlessness of Lihuo's moral true monarch, which is the most yang and the most restraining yin and evil.

It's just that Lihuo's Daozhenjun Dharma is extremely high-level, and a full set of ritual rituals is required to have a certain chance of being summoned successfully.

Yuan Yutang is also like a dead horse Xingtian, he has no choice but to put all his eggs in one basket.

He didn't expect to succeed in one fell swoop, and it took him so long to save his life.

Seemingly knowing that Lihuo's true moral monarch, Faxiang, is not easy to mess with, after weighing the pros and cons, the hanged ghost quietly rolled up the mist and retreated.

Yuan Yutang didn't let go of the tight string in his heart until he was sure that the hanged ghost was gone.

He really deserved to be a murderous ghost, almost capsizing him in the gutter.

After a short respite, the long-awaited dawn finally arrived.

And as the rising sun rose into the sky, the invisible thrill of being watched by countless fierce eyes seemed to subside a little.

Feeling the first ray of sunshine in the morning, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling physically and mentally exhausted.

The long night was over, but what about tonight?

How should it be thrilling?

Yuan Yutang, who had nothing to do, could only take out a hand-rolled cigarette to get rid of his worries in the smoke.

Bai Ling'er sat down on the ground, staring straight at Yuan Yutang squatting on the stone smoking a cigarette. The bright morning sun seemed to put a layer of gold on that lonely back, giving her a sense of perseverance that would never give in.

Inexplicably, Bai Ling'er's heart bumped like a deer, and this scene left a deep imprint in her memory.

After a while, Yuan Yutang threw away the burnt cigarette butt, and with all his strength, picked up Bai Ling'er, whose hands and feet were limp, and walked heavily towards Tongzhou City.

He thought about it just now. It seems that Buddhism is the most proficient in evil ways such as curses. He doesn't know if there are any moral monks in Tongzhou City who can help him relieve the curse.

Even if he doesn't have one, he can find a way to hire some warlocks to help share it.

Otherwise, relying on his own strength alone, I'm afraid he really wouldn't be able to survive tonight.

So, knowing that Bai Shanhe and the others might sit on the sidelines in Tongzhou City, but he had to know that there are tigers in the mountains, so he went to the Tiger Mountain. . @*~~


		