

A figure suddenly appeared at the door, but Yuan Yutang didn't panic at all and sat quietly.

The figure seemed to be faintly visible, and came lightly in front of Yuan Yutang, first bowed deeply, and said in an ethereal voice, "Thank you Taoist priest for taking me."

Yuan Yutang sighed quietly, stood up and returned the courtesy, "Old man, you are serious. Both of you, grandpa and grandson, were kind to the poor Taoist, but it is a pity that the poor Taoist failed to save your life. I really feel ashamed."

The figure laughed heartily, sat down in front of Yuan Yutang, poured two glasses of water and said, "Don't worry about it, Taoist priest, the so-called life and death have fate, some things are predestined. Okay, but after all, it is still a fate, and if you die, you will die, and you can't blame others."

"Although the old man is dead, hey, he has a good home like you, and the old man can be regarded as smiling."

Yuan Yutang sighed, "Although that is the case, it is because of the poor that you lost your life. This karma still needs to be repaid. Apart from 呶呶, what unfulfilled wish do you have, old man? If the poor can achieve it , will definitely go through fire and water, and will never refuse."

"Hehe, the biggest wish of the old man in this life is to hope that he can be happy, but this wish must be fulfilled without talking about it, so it's fine if you don't say it." The figure laughed heartily and raised his glass, "The old man is back this time. He didn't think about it, he just took another look and said goodbye to the Taoist priest, let's replace the wine with tea, and after drinking this cup, the old man will go to the Netherworld to wait for his release, if there is a fate, see you in the next life."

Yuan Yutang also raised his glass, with a solemn expression, and said in a deep voice, "Good journey, old man."

"Haha, with your precious words, the old man also wishes the Taoist priest good luck!"

As they spoke, the two clinked glasses and drank it all down. The tasteless boiled water seemed to be rippling with the sadness of parting.

Say goodbye, drink up the water.

It's time to really part.

The figure stood up slowly, looked at the room in the East Room with infinite nostalgia, then gritted his teeth, and left the room with ease.

Yuan Yutang sat at the table and was speechless for a long time.


"Master, wake up, dinner is ready!"

In a trance, Yuan Yutang heard the sweet, crunchy, sweet child's voice of 呶呶 coming from his ears.

Slowly opening his eyes, he found that the sky had not yet completely darkened.

It was as if everything that had just happened was just a dream.

However, Yuan Yutang looked around inside his body and found that his injuries were nearly half healed compared to before he fell asleep, and the most serious injury to his dantian Qihai was about to heal. @·No fault first launch~~

The source of this miracle is naturally in the glass of water that Dream and Shadow drank.

According to old legends, some kind-hearted good people who value love and righteousness will turn into repaying ghosts to repay their kindness after death because they were grateful during their lifetime.

Drinking the Water of Repaying Grace can help you to strengthen your body at least, and live a long life if you are more important.

This is the origin of the allusion that the grace of dripping water is reciprocated by the spring.

And the water that Yuan Yutang drank in his dream must be the legendary water of gratitude.

"Oh, it's true, old man, this karma is getting heavier and heavier, how can I pay it back in this life?" Yuan Yutang muttered with a wry smile, then calmed down and had dinner with Xie Xi for the first time.


One night three days later, after he fell asleep, Yuan Yutang alone carried the large fishing rod made by Old Man Wu to the place where he fell into the water and died.

In the past few days, he has already helped Wuxi deal with the funeral of old man Wu. He was supposed to leave for Shaozhou as soon as possible, but he was delayed for some reason.

It must be for tonight.

After the old man Wu died, he turned into a debt-repaying ghost and came back to repay his kindness, and offered the rare repayment water for Yuan Yutang to heal his injuries.

This kindness is greater than the sky. Although old man Wu has nothing to ask for, he can't show nothing.

Maybe helping him get rid of the culprit Yuwang who killed him can also comfort the old man Wu's spirit in heaven.

However, he did not use the method of fishing on the shore like old man Wu, but carried a fishing rod out of the water as if he seemed to be dying.

In fact, he was puzzled after seeing the old man Wu's body, because he found a lingering evil spirit on the body.

He suspected that Old Man Wu's death was not that simple.

Although he has not been able to completely break free from the magic chain, and his mana has only slowly recovered to 30% of the peak period, he feels.

Should be enough.

Regardless of whether it was the fish king or some other evil thing that killed old man Wu, he must avenge his benefactor with his own hands anyway.

Holding a bamboo pole, Yuan Yutang steered the small fishing boat away from the shore.

At this time, the night was getting darker, a faint mist floated on the water, and the surroundings were as black as ink, quiet and scary.

About to arrive at the middle of the river, Yuan Yutang put the bait on the ground, grasped the large fishing rod that was out of proportion to his body, and threw it vigorously. The red bamboo floats are rippling with the waves.

Fishing is an extremely patience-testing sport, you may sit for a whole day and get nothing. In Yuan Yutang's previous life, only idlers who were full and supporting themselves would be keen on this crazy thing.

The dark clouds hung low in the sky, and the seemingly calm water surface was surging undercurrents, gently slapping against the side of the boat, and there was an irregular rushing sound between the collisions of the water splashes, which was particularly scary in this quiet and deserted night.

Yuan Yutang felt quite bored, so he took out a hand-rolled cigarette from his arms and started to puff.

After smoking three cigarettes in a row, but there was still no movement, Yuan Yutang felt inexplicably irritated.

At this moment, he inadvertently caught a glimpse of the bamboo float painted in eye-catching red, which seemed to sink into the water for a moment and then float up again.

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed, secretly thinking that the fish finally couldn't help but take the bait, staring at the bright red bamboo float for a moment.

Unexpectedly, not far behind him, the water surface undulated for a while, and a large shadow quietly emerged from the water, quickly and secretly approaching the small fishing boat where Yuan Yutang was.

But Yuan Yutang still didn't know anything, just focused on the direction of the bamboo drift.

Ten feet, two feet, eight feet...

It's getting closer, it's getting closer!

Just when the shadow approached the small fishing boat less than three feet away, it accelerated violently. It rammed straight towards the small fishing boat.

bump!

Under the violent impact, the small fishing village shook violently and almost turned over.

Yuan Yutang was so frightened that he even dropped the cigarette he was holding in his mouth into the water, and subconsciously yelled shit.

But before he could stabilize the small fishing boat, the shadow dived under the cabin and made a confession.

Amid the splashing splashes, the small fishing boat was actually ejected nearly two feet above the surface of the water, and then slammed back into the water heavily.

Yuan Yutang, who was holding on to the side of the boat with both hands, was still in shock, when he heard the sound of water leaking from under him, and suddenly understood.

The thing in the water was trying to drag him into the water!

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but grimaced, he took out a handful of yellow talismans from his pocket and scattered them around, quickly chanting mantras.

When the floating yellow talisman fell into the water, he suddenly shouted, "Hurry up like a law, explode!"

In an instant, the complex talisman body of Bi Le was like a energized circuit, emitting a faint light, and then exploded suddenly.

Boom, boom, boom~

Crash, clatter~

The dozens of Yang Explosion Talismans exploded in chains, with the power almost equal to the grenades on the earth, and more than a dozen water jets were thrown out.

Wow~

Huge clusters of water splashed down like rain, mixed with dozens of big fat fish that were harmed innocently.

On the small fishing boat that was shaking like a roller coaster, Yuan Yutang's expression was ugly, and he gritted his teeth and said bitterly, "What a cunning beast, could it be that he has become a spirit, and he can make a lot of noise!"

The wave of Yang Explosion Talisman just now made him lonely, and he was completely dodged by that ghost in the water.

Although he was frustrated in the first battle, Yuan Yutang was not disappointed, because he was confident that no matter how cunning a fish was, it would be hard for a good fisherman. _o_m

Especially the bait he carefully prepared had a big surprise, and he didn't believe that the thing in the water would not take the bait.

As time passed, the water surface calmed down, and the small fishing boat became stable again, but the broken gap was still seeping water rapidly.

If you don't catch that ghost thing as soon as possible, I'm afraid this trip will be a failure.

Yuan Yutang stared at the bright red bamboo float, and any movement could not escape his eyes.

Just when the cabin was half flooded, the long-awaited bright red bamboo drift finally sank.

"Hahaha, you damned bastard, you finally can't help but take the bait!" Yuan Yutang was overjoyed, holding the fishing rod tightly under his arm, leaning back violently, and with the other hand desperately retracting the pulley.

唰唰唰~

The stretched hemp rope is crazy on the water.

Wandering around, one person and one fish started the second round of the contest, which was almost exactly the same as old man Wu that day.

The only difference is that the old man Wu was buried in the water in the end, and Yuan Yutang's fate is still unknown.

Aquatic creatures are generally powerful in the water. Even if Yuan Yutang's own strength is not weak, it is not his home field after all, and it would be unsustainable to stand in a stalemate for a while.

Yuan Yutang firmly pressed the pulley winch, and stepped on the cabin with both feet to fight against the terrifying force in the water.

The thick white fishing rod with excellent toughness has been bent into an astonishing arc, and it may break at any time.

According to normal fishing experience, at this time, you should not resist hard, but repeatedly loosen and retract the fishing line to wear down the strength of the big fish.

But the proud Yuan Yutang is not, even if his body is weak now, he absolutely refuses to bow his head to a low-level beast.

Soon the balance was broken, and just when Yuan Yutang's old power had exhausted his new power, the power from the water actually increased again.

As if the last straw that broke the camel's back, Yuan Yutang was speeding across the water in an instant with his crew and the boat.

Knowing that he would only be consumed alive, Yuan Yutang felt ruthless in his heart, he hurriedly let go of one hand, took out a bead from his bosom and put it in his mouth, then suddenly let go of the supporting feet, and was immediately dragged by the whole body into the water.

This is a yin-gathering bead, which is completely natural. Ordinary people can lose yang energy by mouth, and it is no different from ghosts. It is easy to pass yin into the dark.

In addition, it also has the magical effect of being able to breathe underwater for a short time.

Gululu~

The icy river water frantically enveloped Yuan Yutang from all directions, he tried to open his eyes wide, and saw a large shadow rushing through the water in the distance ahead.

With a silent grin, he grabbed the rope and climbed forward.

The shadow seemed to sense Yuan Yutang's intentions, and immediately changed direction crazily, running wildly towards the underwater reef.

Yuan Yutang endured the severe pain of the impact and refused to relax.

It was getting closer and closer, and in the night vision perspective of the "unconfused" eye, he finally saw the true face of the shadow.

It was a terrifying strange fish covered in thick silver scales!

The most frightening thing was that there was half a human outline growing under the chest and abdomen of the strange fish, and a vague strange face was staring at him with a grinning grin. .


		