

The water demon couldn't believe it, the trick he was so proud of, the Poison Flood Flooding Sea, was easily neutralized by that human kid.

Moreover, it is outrageous to the extreme and disappears directly into the invisible.

Suddenly, the Water Demon, who is fearless and fearless, felt a sense of fear for no reason.

No matter what kind of creature it is, as long as it is food beyond its control, it will feel inexplicably afraid.

Even the arrogant water demon is no exception.

Filled with horror, it even thought of retreating.

Fortunately, even if the growth of cowardice was extinguished, his body that was about to turn around was stopped for life.

As a noble aquatic elf, how could it be frightened by a human kid and run away?

Even if it died on the spot, it absolutely cannot accept such a humiliating scene!

Forced himself to calm down, the water demon soon found Ni Duan.

Logically speaking, since Yuan Yutang has such heaven-defying supernatural powers, killing it should be a no-brainer, and there is no reason to hide it until now.

And after using it, he didn't immediately take advantage of the victory to pursue it.

There is something wrong with the harmony everywhere, and the more you analyze it, the more you feel it is wrong.

All of a sudden, the water demon suddenly felt a flash of inspiration.

After eliminating all impossible options, no matter how outrageous the answer is, it must be the final truth!

That kid can only use that weird and unpredictable supernatural power once!

Yuan Yutang, who had just used the supernatural power of returning to the wind and returning to the fire, had consumed too much and would not be able to recover his fighting power for a while. Seeing the enlightened expression of the water demon, he immediately knew that his authenticity had been seen through!

The water demon, who could break through Yuan Yutang's falsehood and reality, was determined, and with one thought, the only remaining water beasts and waterfowl besieged violently, and Yuan Yutang, who hadn't recovered, was immediately forced to deal with it awkwardly.

"Hahaha, aren't you crazy, show me another crazy one?"

The water monster regained its self-confidence, and its arrogance suddenly surged. The surging monster power poured into the waves like money, and soon a large number of ferocious water beasts appeared to join the battlefield.

Even if all these waterfowl and water beasts are lost, the water demon will not feel distressed. They are all consumables anyway, so just collect them when they are used up.

With its strength, it won't take long to gather thousands of birds and beasts.

As long as it can kill Yuan Yutang, it will accept any price for being rude.

As if the balance of the battlefield was suddenly broken, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt pressure increased.

Secretly complaining endlessly, he somewhat regretted why he had so simply used the energy-consuming magical power of Returning Wind and Returning Fire.

But now riding a tiger is hard to get off, no matter how much you think about it, it won't help, you must find a way to get out of the predicament as soon as possible, otherwise, even if you don't be besieged to death by thousands of birds and beasts, you will have to be consumed alive.

With a wave of its big claws, it tore apart more than a dozen ferocious water beasts. Before the group of beasts could surround them, a golden light flashed on Yuan Yutang's incarnate giant tiger demon, and he was about to break out of the encirclement with his vertical golden light supernatural power.

"Want to run? No way!"

Since his debut, Yuan Yutang has done many shocking feats. Maybe he hasn't realized it himself, but he has been noticed by all the major forces in the world. Otherwise, he was assassinated because of his meddling in Guobei County. .

It has long been no secret about the supernatural powers he controls, so the water demon, who had been on guard for a long time, would not prevent him from escaping and disappearing with his golden light.

I saw the water demon roared angrily, and the surrounding waves immediately formed an encirclement like a moving city wall.

The water wall is attached to the demon power of the water demon, not simply blocking the way, but also has the mysterious and wonderful function of suppressing the space.

This is another iconic instinctive supernatural power of the Human Immortal (Great Demon Realm) besides flying across the sky-space confinement!

With a bang, Yuan Yutang revealed his true form in the water wall partition with a face full of astonishment.

This was the first time that Zongdi's golden light magic power failed, and he was caught off guard.

It is true that he can imitate the real body of the tiger demon of the great demon ghost gate by virtue of the transformation of the fetus, and even the killing power is stronger than that of the deity.

Make it a little stronger.

But the simulation is still a simulation after all, and if it has not crossed the boundary between heaven and man, it cannot be regarded as a true immortal after all, so he cannot control the two standard instincts of human immortals at all.

Now it's troublesome, I can't walk, I can't fight, the situation is suddenly extremely passive.

Before Yuan Yutang could think of a countermeasure, violent waterfowl and water beasts rushed over like a swarm, launching a siege frantically.

Yuan Yutang, who was on the verge of desperation, had no choice but to fight to the death.

He quickly recovered his real body, gritted his teeth, condensed the last mana and turned it into two mana golden beans. Feeling apprehensive, he swung the mana gold beans out of both hands without hesitation.

"Tiangang supernatural powers, sowing beans into soldiers, magic protectors, protect me comprehensively!"

After reciting the mantra, his mana was exhausted, and Yuan Yutang withered.

He did what he had to do, and left the rest to fate.

If God really doesn't want to give him a way out, he really has nothing to do.

Just when Yuan Yutang thought that he was going to fail this time when he cast beans into soldiers, his heart was ashamed.

Suddenly.

A strong righteousness burst out suddenly.

The water demon, who was holding the winning ticket, suddenly widened his eyes, watching the miraculous scene happen in disbelief, cursing madly in his heart:

How the hell is this possible?

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed for an instant, as if he had been rescued from a desperate situation.

The moment a tall phantom appeared out of thin air with bursting breath, he knew he was saved.

Sprinkling beans into soldiers (1/2 success rate), Dacheng!

Dao soldiers and guardians, come here! !


Time went back to when Yuan Yutang forced Chen Changsheng to escort Lanxi back to the county seat.

Not long after they separated, Chen Changsheng became more and more annoyed as he thought about it.

Obviously he has broken through the shackles of mortals and stepped into the territory of extraordinary monks, and he can already take charge of himself (so he thinks), why does the senior brother always treat him as a burden?

Although it was a very happy thing to be valued and loved by others, it was too much for Chen Changsheng who had just entered the rebellious period.

Every half-grown child in the rebellious period can't wait to prove his extraordinaryness and bravery to those who value him and the whole world.

Sometimes it is unbearable to know that the path chosen by the elders for him is correct.

As soon as his rebellious temper came up, he made an extremely reckless decision.

He wants to rescue the captured seniors Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi alone, and prove to his brother that he is not a useless waste.

When he told Lan Xi about this idea, Lan Xi, who was afraid that the world would not be chaotic, immediately clapped his hands in agreement.

Now that they have a common goal, there is no need to go back to Guobei County to waste time.

As soon as the two attacked together, they immediately turned around and set off towards Jizhou City where all brokers gathered.

Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi were completely newborn calves who were not afraid of tigers. They didn't realize how deep the water was behind the capture of Yan and Li.

Moreover, the distance between Guobei County and Jizhou City is vast, and if he is in danger, no one will come to rescue him even if his throat is broken.

It's a pity that the two ambitious people didn't think about other things at all at this time. One wanted to prove himself to his senior brother, and the other wanted to help the young master share his worries.

What the two of them didn't know was that there were four gazes firmly locking them in the sky hundreds or thousands of feet above the ground.


Bai Yun didn't know that Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi were so courageous that they would sneak away to Jizhou at such a time. When he returned to the county inn, he was dumbfounded.

Yuan Yutang's trip was extremely dangerous, and he had already committed his death to his funeral, and he also promised that if anything happened to Yuan Yutang, he would definitely take care of Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi.

But he didn't want to turn around and lose him, which made Bai Yun worry.

After wandering around like a headless chicken for a long time, Bai Yun had no choice but to choose divination and ask divination to see if it was possible to get a hint from the Dao of Heaven.

Although asking hexagrams is a method of Taoism, Buddhism and Taoism lead to the same path, and one method can reach hundreds of Dharma enlightenments. The Buddhist school with profound foundation naturally has similar spells for detecting heavenly secrets.

What Baiyun wants to stick to is the most basic method of water magic.

As for why Baiyun used this kind of water divination method with a very low success rate for divination, of course it was because he knew such a fucking method of divination.

As long as there are other ways, he doesn't want to be ashamed.

With a faint sigh, Baiyun asked the waiter in the shop to take a copper plate half full of clean water, add a pair of copper scissors and a bundle of red wire, and send it to the room.

After the things were ready, Baiyun first shielded his distracting thoughts, and after he was free of other distractions, he went to clean his hands in the clear water of the copper basin, then wrapped the red thread around the copper scissors, and then wrapped the red thread around the copper basin to fix the bundled copper scissors on the copper basin. On top of the clear water in the basin, he began to cast spells and spells.

Soon the copper scissors hanging above the water started automatically without wind, staggering as if looking for direction.

Bai Yun, who had no idea about the skills due to his unfamiliarity with the skills, was determined, and hurriedly concentrated his energy to continue reciting the mantra and casting spells.

The copper scissors swayed slowly at first, but suddenly, as if being stimulated by something, they accelerated in vain, and their shadows were almost invisible.

The weirdest thing was that the clear water in the copper basin below seemed to be dyed red by something, and it turned from crystal clear to crimson in the blink of an eye.

Click!

The extremely fast-spinning copper scissors broke free from the restraint of the red thread, and shot towards Baiyun like an arrow off the string.

Bai Yun's pink and fat baby face turned ugly in vain, and he opened his eyes suddenly, and shouted like a diamond glaring, "Where is the evildoer, dare to come before the poor monk to make trouble?"

This sound is like thunder across the sky, and it contains the wrath of the supreme red lotus in Buddhism.

When the menacing copper scissors encountered the sound of the Vajra Buddha, they immediately struggled a few times as if they were stuck in a quagmire, and finally fell from the air slumped.

Regardless of picking up the copper scissors, Bai Yun rushed to the copper basin to check the situation solemnly.

I don't know if I don't see it, I was startled when I saw it, and I couldn't help but said in amazement, "Shui Ling is bleeding, a sign of great danger, Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi are going to encounter big trouble!!"

As he spoke, he wanted to rush out of the room to rescue him.

Unexpectedly, the next moment, the mutation regenerated, and a bony and strange hand suddenly protruded from the muddy blood, and grabbed Baiyun ferociously.


		