

Shannan Road is located in the hinterland of Daxia. It is the Loess Plateau, one of the four famous plateaus in the country.

From Tianshui Road to Shannan Road, it's like a long way from the south to the north, and the journey is more than a thousand miles.

It took more than a month to mix land and water, and Yuan Yutang and the others successfully entered the territory of Shannan Road.

When he first arrived, Yuan Yutang's first impression was desolation, incomparably desolate.

This is the most remote northwest end of Daxia, and it is also the most barren land in Daxia.

Seeing thousands of miles of yellow sand, it is like being in the yellow ocean, and the unique folded hills have a kind of uncanny and alternative beauty. The two completely different feelings of desolation and Kuili seem to be perfectly blended together. People are heartbroken.

"Hahaha, what, isn't the scenery here spectacular?"

As soon as Yan Chixia came to Shannan Road, Fan Ruo was like a fish in water, she looked energetic and laughed heartily.

Yuan Yutang's expression changed, and he asked uncertainly, "Could this be your hometown?"

"clever!"

Yan Chixia laughed and nodded, and said with infinite emotion, "That's right, a certain family is a native of the Loess Plateau, who was valued by his mentor when he was young, and was taken away to learn art. I didn't expect that it would be almost twenty years since he left. I didn't expect that after so many years, this place still hasn't changed at all..."

Yuan Yutang was surprised, and asked uncertainly, "Then your family..."

"Hehe..." Yan Chixia smiled wryly, "The country has been unstable for more than 30 years. There are wolves in the northeast, barbarians in the south, and foreign countries in the western regions taking advantage of the fire. Fighting on multiple fronts, you think you can fight. Are they all grown from the ground?"

"The best source of soldiers in the entire Great Xia, other than the Northeast Road, will belong to us from the Loess Plateau in the south of the mountain."

"After many years of fighting, all the good men in Shannan Province are almost wiped out. Seven or eight out of ten households are orphans and widows. Our Shannan Province is about to shed its last drop of blood against this country!"

"So you're asking about my family? Zaot motherfuckers are all dead!"

Looking at Yan Chixia with a furious expression, Yuan Yutang was speechless, and could only sigh in the end.

Prosperity, the people suffer, death, the people suffer...

Since ancient times, the biggest victims of war have never been the rich and powerful, but innocent people.


The sun was setting, and two carriages were driving on the grassy dirt road.

After the conversation during the day, the atmosphere in the team seemed very solemn.

Yuan Yutang looked at the desolate scenery around him with a deep expression.

Suddenly he noticed an inconspicuous detail.

The field ridges on both sides of the dirt road seemed to have been left untouched for a long time, so that weeds grew wildly. It was the end of the day's work, and there was no farmer around.

Unidentified objects can be faintly seen lying on the grass path by the roadside, and occasionally there are large areas of dark brown withered traces.

All kinds of signs seem to indicate an ominous omen.

"There is a village ahead, let's go and spend the night."

Li Chunyi from the carriage next door said.

Yuan Yutang withdrew his gaze, looked ahead, and saw the outline of a dilapidated village not far away, but it was unnaturally quiet and there was no smoke from the cooking.

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang's mood became heavy.

Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi, who were driving the car, saw that he was not hesitant, and they were inexplicably depressed.

The closer they got, the more obvious the desolation of the village became.

In the evening, it should be a lively time of chickens and dogs jumping around, but there is no sound here, like a dead zone.

As soon as the carriage stopped, Yuan Yutang got out of the carriage with a gloomy face.

Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi who got off from the other carriage also looked unhappy.

After carefully looking at it for a while, Yan Chixia suddenly punched a dirt wall that seemed to have been scorched by a fire, and the terrifying force immediately collapsed the dirt wall. I was ransacked by bandits and bandits, and I have long since died!"

"Calm down, old Yan!"

Seeing that Yan Chixia was not in the right mood, Li Chun hurriedly comforted her.

"Calm down, how do you tell me to be calm?" Yan Chixia yelled at Li Chunyi with red eyes, "The people in Shannan have cried enough. For generations, they have faced the loess and turned their backs to the sky, digging food out of the ground bitterly. I haven’t eaten enough and shed blood and tears for the court, isn’t that enough?”

"They just want to live, why is it so difficult?"

"Why should Shannan people live in precarity as human beings?"

"Ah? You tell me!"

During the quarrel, night fell quietly.

I don't know when, inexplicably, a thick white fog rose in the village, and shadows appeared in the dilapidated huts that were supposed to be empty. It seemed that everyone in the village came out at once.

Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi also stopped their quarrel in good time, and Yuan Yutang quietly pulled Lan Xi and Chen Changsheng behind him.

The breeze pushed away the dark clouds, and the waning moon cast a cold glow.

Under the desolate moonlight, everyone finally saw clearly what the 'people' in the thick fog were.

They were all headless corpses.

woo woo woo~

A burst of strange crying voices came from all directions, coupled with the headless carrion staggering around, the horrifying scene now made the timid Lanxi scream, hiding behind Yuan Yutang and not daring to look up.

"Where is the ghost, dare to make trouble in front of the Taoist?"

Yan Chixia shouted in awe, the sword box behind her was buzzing and ready to go.

Even though he knew that the rotting corpses who came to commit crimes were likely to be the unjust victims of the village, but people and ghosts have different paths, and if these undead were stubborn, Yan Chixia would never forgive them lightly.

Seeing that it was about to explode, suddenly a white-haired old man with the appearance of a living person came out of the thick fog, cupped his hands and said, "Don't blame the Taoist priest, we are not causing trouble, please learn from me!"

"Noisy!"

Yan Chixia yelled coldly, "If it wasn't for intentional mischief, why did you show up to intimidate the women? Now that your lifespan is over, why don't you return to the netherworld and reincarnate quickly?"

The white-haired old man replied with a wry smile, "If you don't want to, you really can't..."

"Where do you start?"

"With a disabled body and a lack of soul, even if you go to the underworld, you will not be able to reincarnate in reincarnation."

Yan Chixia's expression changed when she heard the words, and she asked slightly, "Is it because the head is missing?"

The white-haired old man's eyes were red, he knelt down on the ground with a thud, and said in a sobbing voice, "Although the dead should not be forced, but I have died too unjustly, so I beg the priest to take pity on me and get my head back for me." The level is buried in peace, great kindness and great virtue, and the next life will be like a dog and a horse, and the hard work is not enough!"

"Old man, please explain in detail."

Yuan Yutang, who had been taciturn all this time, suddenly spoke.

The white-haired old man couldn't make a sound, and choked up the cause and effect one by one.

In troubled times, human life is as cheap as grass, and the masses of toiling people are not only exploited by the strong, but also persecuted by officers and soldiers.

Shannan Road was originally barren, and there was never enough food.

The village had just harvested the summer grain, and the strongmen and bandits with a radius of a hundred miles forcibly confiscated 90% of the grain like sharks that came sniffing blood.

How could Dousheng Xiaomin dare to reason with the bandits and strongmen who licked their blood at the knife edge, so they could only admit that they were unlucky, and endured it with patience.

But he never wanted to escape the persecution of the strongman and the bandits, instead he was murdered by the officers and soldiers.

The strongmen and bandits want to requisition food, and the officers and soldiers also want to requisition food. The village couldn’t come up with food to turn it in. Those officers and soldiers immediately turned their backs, slandered them as rebels, and killed anyone they saw.

The most vicious thing is that the conscientious officers and soldiers not only killed people, but also cut off their heads and pretended to be rebels to receive rewards.

All kinds of evil deeds are simply hard to describe.

The villagers with incomplete corpses will not be safe even until they die. They can neither be reincarnated nor have the ability to retrieve their heads. They can only turn into lonely ghosts and linger in this sad place.

At the end, the white-haired old man and the group of headless rotting corpses burst into tears, whimpering ghosts and crying all over the field, and it broke my heart to hear it.

"Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood

"Being human is our destiny, and we have no intention of revenge. I just beg for mercy from all the masters, and help us get our heads back for burial, so that we can leave this hopeless world as soon as possible~"

Yuan Yutang only felt that his chest was about to explode, and he couldn't calm down.

Just when she was about to speak, Yan Chixia, who was already filled with righteous indignation, agreed first, "Don't worry, old man, a certain family will do everything they can to help you get your heads back!"

After a pause, Yan Chixia gritted her teeth murderously and said:

"It's not that some things are not reported, but the time has not yet come. Since we Laoyan ran into it, it should be the retribution for those who killed thousands of swords!"

"Let's go, let's go into the city right away!"


Xinglin County, Yihong Building.

The lights are feasting, the silk and bamboo gossip, so luxurious and luxurious.

A group of generals in the Duhu Battalion are indulging in vocal music, having fun with prostitutes, very happy.

"Hahaha, General Hao, I would like to offer you a toast. This time, we wiped out 300 rebels, and the designated promotion is expected. In the future, we will fly to the top, and Damo must forget about the old man!"

A group of mischievous generals drunkenly held their wine glasses and toasted a middle-aged general with a large mole on his face.

General Hei Mo put his arms around his obedient sister and son, clinked glasses with joy and drank it down, breathing out the breath of alcohol and laughing, "Hahaha, don't worry, I will be able to make such a great contribution this time, and everyone has contributed a lot. I will keep all the kindness in my heart, and if there is a good vacancy in the future, I will take care of the old man as soon as possible!"

Although the group of soldiers and ruffians knew that General Hei Mo was writing a bad check, they still echoed and laughed.

In order to divert the attention of General Hei Mole, the sister who was annoyed by the rough regular oil had to flatter General Hao against her will, "General Hao is wise and powerful, he is nothing more than a rebellious one who puts in bids and sells his head, and my family also respects the General. The general is promoted every step of the way~"

The black mole general pursed his stinky mouth and kissed his sister, and said nonsense with the smell of alcohol that made people want to vomit, "This general really loves your sweet talk, how about it, why don't you let this general redeem you, Nah?" How about you being a concubine?"

Sister suppressed her nausea and said coquettishly and hypocritically, "Damn ghost, you are lying to the slave family again. If you dare to accept the slave family as a concubine, aren't you afraid that the tigress at home will take your skin?"

It was a matter of the man's face, General Mole was about to refute, but suddenly a faint voice came from behind:

"Don't worry, the tigress in his family will kill her husband tomorrow, so I guarantee he won't be able to skin him."

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 21 Righteous Indignation is free to read.




		