

Since ancient times, there have been legends about the eclipse of the dog, but in fact it is just a normal solar eclipse astronomical phenomenon.

But in the ancient world of Liao Zhai, it has extraordinary significance.

In this world, Tiangu is another name for Tai Sui. When Tai Sui is in the sky, there must be disasters.

Tongzhou City, Li Mansion.

As if the end is coming, the whole mansion is boiling.

"What's going on, what's going on?"

Originally full of expectations and waiting for Yuan Yutang to solve the disaster, Master Li fell off the Arhat bed in shock in the study, stood up and yelled in the room like a headless chicken.

At this time, the gray-haired old butler hurriedly pushed the door open and howled dryly as soon as he entered, "Master, something happened to the master!"

"Go to your crow's mouth, your master is here, what can happen? Speak well!"

Master Li slapped the old butler in a daze, and he covered his face and stammered for a long time before explaining, "No, no, master, slave, slave is not saying that something happened to master, but outside, outside Something big happened~"

"Then what happened, you tell me~" Master Li said angrily.


"What? It's the day of the dog's eclipse?"

After listening to the words of the old housekeeper, Master Li turned pale with fright.

After saying that, he panicked and went out of the study.

When I went out to take a look, my pupils constricted immediately.

I saw that it was as dark as day at noon, the servants and servants were in a mess, and there was a noise like a tide outside, those who didn't know it thought that foreign enemies had entered the city.

"Master, master, what should we do?" the old butler with half-swollen cheeks said in a daze.

Master Li shook his head, turned around and cursed loudly, "Is there even a need to ask? The dog eats the sun, and a strange disaster is befalling. I feel like I should pack up and run away!"

After scolding, as if he was still angry, he went up and kicked the old housekeeper again, which made the old bastard enlightened.

It's just that the old housekeeper turned around after walking for a few steps and asked, "Master, the little Taoist leader entrusted the female family member to our care, do you want to take her with you later?"

This time it completely pissed off Master Li, and it would be a fat beating if he went up to cover his head and face.

"Are you overwhelmed by eating lard? The old man can't even take care of his own people, how can he take care of an outsider?"

The old housekeeper who had been beaten for no reason finally learned to shut up and hurried to make arrangements.

Master Li let out a tired breath. The old butler is usually quite smart, so why is he so confused when encountering things?

When you settle down, throw this stupid old bastard out of the house!

Suddenly, Master Li remembered that there was still a lot of business receipts in the study to be taken away, so he hurried back to get ready to tidy up.

However, as soon as he entered the door with his front foot, the door closed automatically with his back foot, making him jump with a bang.

"Hee hee, hee hee~"

Immediately afterwards, there was a creepy baby laughing in the study.

Master Li froze as if under a fixed spell.

I saw a little baby appearing out of nowhere on the bed of my favorite Arhat, rolling and playing on the bed.

Master Li swallowed hard, his legs trembling violently like springs.

Because the baby was so frightening, its whole body was swollen and rotten, its small body was full of fat maggots wriggling, every time it moved, a large number of fat maggots would fall, and there was no eyes on the big head with sparse hair In the nose, there is only a purple and bloody mouth that is cracked to the base of the ear, and the inside is full of sharp triangular teeth.

When the scary baby saw Master Li coming in, he happily raised his head and yelled sadly and happily:

"Daddy~"

With this sound, Dad almost sent Master Li away on the spot.

"Ho, ho, ho~"

Master Li's eyes almost popped out of their sockets, his chest heaved violently like a bellows, and he couldn't even utter a complete sentence.

After the terrifying baby called Daddy, it awkwardly climbed off the Arhat bed, and then crawled towards Master Li on all fours, leaving behind a wriggling fat maggot.

Master Li swore that he had never experienced such a scene in his life. His heart was pounding like a drum. He was obviously terrified, but he couldn't pass out. He wished he could hit his head to death on the spot.


It's a pity that he didn't even have the right to kill him, so he could only watch that terrifying baby approaching him.

The scary baby finally climbed up in front of Master Li, then stood up straight with his legs, looked at Master Li innocently, opened and closed his wide mouth, and laughed sharply, "Daddy, I miss you so much, Hug, hug baby~"

As he spoke, he opened his rotten and maggot-filled little arms, making gestures to hug him.

It's a pity that Master Li was so frightened that his liver and gallbladder were splitting. Where did he just go to hug this monster?

Seeing that Mr. Li didn't respond for a long time, the terrified baby was not happy, and said with a gloomy face, "Mother said that father has no conscience and killed the mother and the child. The child has always refused to believe it. I didn't expect that father is really a heartless person..."

"In this case, let the child see if Daddy's conscience is really bad!"

The terrifying baby grabbed Master Li's trousers and slid up like a monkey. When it came to the chest, it tore open the skirt, revealing Master Li's hairy chest and abdomen.

"No, no, no..."

Master Li's ghosts were all about, and he wanted to beg for mercy, but his tongue was like curling up, the more anxious he was, the more uneasy he became.

The terrifying baby pursed his mouth in disappointment, and immediately turned grim, and placed his two small hands on both sides of Master Li's chest and tore it forcefully.

"Ah~"

This time Master Li was finally able to call the exit smoothly, but unfortunately it was too late.

The scalding blood poured out like a torrent digging an embankment, and instantly dyed Master Li into a bloody man. He was trembling with pain, but he was still unable to move. He could only let the terrifying baby do what he did in horror and despair.

"Ah~ Daddy's conscience is obviously not bad, why doesn't he love the child?"

Holding a pulsating bloody meat ball in his hand, the terrifying baby looked at it puzzledly, and raised his head to ask Master Li.

Master Li choked, his complexion quickly turned gray, his eyes receded like a tide, his head tilted, and he died of anger.

The horrible baby threw away the meat ball in his hand as if he had been greatly wronged, rushed out of the room crying, and then killed anyone he saw. It didn't take long for the entire Li Mansion to be littered with corpses.

In a certain inn in the city, Bai Shanhe and the others looked solemnly at the pitch-black sky outside the window.

"Master, the heavenly dog ​​is eclipsing the sun, it's a bad omen, I'm afraid there will be a disaster in Tongzhou..." the first disciple Jin Yuanxing said to Bai Shanhe worriedly.

Bai Shanhe just hummed and didn't say much.

Jin Yuanxing and the other juniors looked at each other, then said bravely, "Master, maybe that vicious thief didn't bring the junior sister into the city..."

"To shut up!"

The extremely gloomy Bai Shanhe interrupted suddenly with an angry shout.

Angrily glaring at the terrified Jin Yuanxing, Bai Shanhe panted heavily and growled, "Do you think my teacher won't know? Are you planning to persuade my teacher to leave as soon as possible, so as not to be involved in disasters?"

Being told the central matter, Jin Yuanxing almost dropped his head into his crotch.

It's not to blame Jin Yuanxing for being selfish, but in this world, the reputation of Tiangou eclipse is too prominent. Since records began, there have been very few disasters that have occurred and almost destroyed the world.

Bai Shanhe looked around angrily, and none of the disciples dared to look at him except Zhao Dada who was still recovering from his injuries.

With a heavy cold snort, Bai Shanhe said, "I know that you are afraid, but fear is not an excuse to abandon my classmates! Ling'er is my disciple and your little junior sister. If anyone dares to abandon her If you don’t think about it, then don’t blame the teacher for being rude!”

All the disciples were awe-inspiring, hurriedly said goodbye and left Bai Shanhe's room.

After they all left, Bai Shanhe sighed faintly, looked at the sky with sorrowful eyes and said, "It's unlucky in the past, and this old man has encountered such a strange misfortune as a dog eclipsing the sun..."

After hesitating for a while, Bai Shanhe took out a delicate little jade butterfly from his bosom, as if making up his mind, he threw the little jade butterfly out of the window forcefully.

As soon as Xiao Yudie encountered the air, it seemed to come alive, and it flew into the distance with its small wings fluttering in the air.

"Senior brother, I can only do so much. If you don't want your beloved daughter to have trouble, please come here as soon as possible..."

Deng Shangchao, the magistrate of Tongzhou, came to the backyard solemnly, and bowed respectfully outside the door, "Master Nagarjuna, I am sorry for disturbing your meditation, please be merciful and save the people all over the city.


There was no sound in the room, as if there was no one in it.

Although Deng Shangchao was very anxious, he restrained himself and waited patiently.

After a long time, Yoyo heard a voice:

"The poor monk should sacrifice his life to protect the innocent in the city, Amitabha..."

After hearing this, Deng Shangchao finally let go of the big stone in his heart, and then he was willing to preside over the overall situation.

Yuan Yutang felt very painful, the pain was so painful that he couldn't bear it.

In addition to the punched chest, several ribs were broken and the pain pierced the heart, and the brand mark of the curse in the palm was even more painful. Error-free update@

The feeling of being secretly watched by countless fierce eyes from last night resurfaced again, and it was a hundred times stronger than last night.

Suddenly, his mood sank to the bottom.

"Aw, woo, ah~"

The female ghost yelled like an epileptic, smashed through the wall and fell to the ground. The half-empty ghost's body instantly condensed into a solid resentful body, and she raised her hand and slapped Yuan Yutang ferociously.

The shadow of death came again, Yuan Yutang endured the pain and jumped to dodge.

Boom~

The powerful heavy palm actually smashed a big hole in the ground covered with blue bricks.

Yuan Yutang instinctively flashed the golden light twenty feet away.

However, what he didn't expect was that just as he stood firmly, there was a terrifying killing intent behind him.

In a hurry, he could only teleport another twenty feet.

I saw a terrifying baby appeared out of nowhere where he was just now, with a ferocious grimace without nose and eyes, chewing on something.

Soon Yuan Yutang knew, because his left lumbar muscle was in excruciating pain, and when he looked down, a large piece of flesh was abruptly missing, and blood was bubbling from the incomplete wound.

In contrast, in fact, the inexplicable injury did not surprise him too much.

What really frightened him was the identity of the female ghost and the terrifying baby.

"Son, mother and son concentric ghost?".


		