

Gululu~"

Endless icy sprays surged like tides. Fortunately, Yuan Yutang blocked his breathing in advance, so he didn't choke.

However, in an instant, Yuan Yutang suddenly realized that something was wrong.

Less than two or three seconds had passed since he was knocked into the water, but when he tried to surface, he was surprised to find that he was in extremely deep water.

This, how is this possible?

Above the head is an endless water curtain, and below is the unfathomable abyss.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang realized that things were troublesome.

This is clearly the result of being caught off guard by a space magical power similar to the star shifting, and being forcibly transferred into an unknown abyss by surprise.

Realizing this, Yuan Yutang's thinking changed drastically, and he quickly thought about self-help strategies.

Human beings are creatures of land, before attaining Taoism and ascension, even magicians with great powers are no exception.

In this case, it is impossible to survive in water for a long time like aquatic organisms.

After experiencing the crisis of the crying girl in the attic of Tianmen, he had a natural fear of underwater.

It's not guts, it's pure instinct.

So no matter what, you must find land and go ashore as soon as possible!

Having made a decision, Yuan Yutang immediately acted swiftly and resolutely.

With a bow and a collapse of his body, his whole body shot through the water like an arrow, the speed was so fast, it was like a human-shaped mine.

The speed at which he burst out with all his strength was impressive, but the good times didn't last long, and the strength of his ascent gradually weakened after he had only traveled less than twenty feet away.

At this time, he realized that something was wrong, but he didn't have time to think about it, so he continued to repeat the steps just now and moved forward again.

It's just that the further he went, the more obvious the doubts in his heart became.

what happened?

Obviously he didn't feel exhausted, and obviously he exploded with all his strength.

How can the forward distance become shorter and shorter?

just like……

The water pressure is reversed upwards!

This incredible conjecture even surprised him.

Although demons and ghosts coexist in the world of Liaozhai, and most of them are unimaginable phenomena with strange forces and chaotic gods, at least the basic structure of the world still follows the laws of physics.

Just like the mountains, rivers, lakes and Haizhou, the center of the earth has gravity, the water flows down, and the four seasons often alternate...

How could there be such an incredible phenomenon of water pressure reverse flow.

unless……

Unless this water area does not exist in reality, but a mysterious secret place like the Tianmen Attic.

If this is the case, it can explain the current scene, but new doubts have emerged.

The enemy deliberately dragged him into the waters of this secret realm, for what purpose?

Although he couldn't guess the answer, the answer came to him quickly.

During a breakthrough, he suddenly felt an extremely heavy pressure hit him like Mount Tai.

Caught off guard, he bumped headfirst into it, as if bumping into an iron wall, making him dizzy.

It was also because of this collision that a fragment of memory burst out from the depths of his memory.

There is a cloud in the "Da Huang Jing": There is strange water in the north of Beiming, which flows upstream and is as heavy as a mountain. It is a unitary heavy water!

This damn thing is the North of the Northern Darkness where the legendary One Yuan Heavy Water is located?

call out!

Just as Yuan Yutang was astonished, a black shadow suddenly pushed the waves and broke the waves, and the speed was unimaginably fast.

In the nick of time, Yuan Yutang's almost honed fighting instinct came into play, and he counterattacked in a thousandth of a second.

bump!

Like a depth bomb exploded, the extremely thick water curtain was forcefully opened by two terrifying forces to form an irregular vacuum zone.

It's actually a water tiger?

When Yuan Yutang could barely see the appearance of the attacker, he couldn't help being surprised.

Although monsters like water tigers are not common, they are not rare. There are many in the three major water areas of Daxia.

but! !

According to Yuan Yutang's knowledge, since the records of water tigers, there has never been a water tiger that has reached the Great Demon Realm, never at all!

But the Shuihu who just attacked has the real power of a big monster!

Faced with such an unreasonable situation, Yuan Yutang also lost his mind for a moment.

However, distraction is the most taboo against the enemy on the battlefield, and he will soon pay the blood price for it.

call out!

The treacherous water tiger is like a fish in water, and if it misses a hit, it immediately makes a comeback, like a mine exploding, rushing towards Yuan Yutang.

The terrifying monster power poured out like mountains and seas, and by the time Yuan Yutang realized it was imminent.

Damn it!

Cursing inwardly, Yuan Yutang hastily mobilized his mana to activate the 'Silent Talisman Armor' and 'Tai Chi Force Field', two defensive supernatural powers.

boom! !

In an instant, the dark bottom of the water was stirred like thick porridge, and the current was turbulent and surging.

puff!

A figure was sent flying like a cannonball, smashing through countless heavy water curtains one after another, leaving straight lines of blood along the way.

Woo~

Yuan Yutang only felt that his whole body was about to fall apart, and the pain was so painful that he wanted to die.

The one-yuan heavy water is unbelievably heavy, and being in it is like being squeezed by a huge force in all directions, but being blasted so far is like smashing through dozens of city walls, even with his perverted physique.

Hell, how could that water tiger have no effect at all!

This question is destined to be unanswered, because the cold and murderous intentions follow one after another.


"Go to hell!"

Yan Chixia's beard and hair were all stretched out, and she grasped the Xuanyuan sword tightly with both hands, slashing angrily like a god descending from the earth!

choke!

The domineering sword energy flashed away like a thunderbolt.

I saw a fuzzy black shadow under the cowshed without making a sound, it was split into two by the sword energy, and quickly annihilated the scene.

This is the second ghost he killed, and it was a water ghost.

It's strange to say that the two water ghosts obviously have strong auras, but when they fight against each other, they look like scumbags, completely vulnerable.

Suddenly, his face changed drastically as if he remembered something.

"Oops, I fell into a trick to divert the tiger away from the mountain!"

The next moment, the murderous intent rose suddenly.

Endless water arrows poured down like rain, completely covering an area of ​​nearly a hundred meters around him.

"Hey, ignorant evildoer, if you dare to offend your grandpa Yan, you will definitely be told to go and never return!"

As she said that, Yan Chixia unhurriedly swung her sword to raise her momentum, and the overwhelming sword energy spread out like a mountain torrent.

""Xuanyuan Shocking Heaven Judgment"—the sky is upright, the sun and the moon are shining!"

It was too late to say it, and then it was too late, two completely different strange supernatural powers collided suddenly, and a terrifying air wave like a tenth-level hurricane burst out.

Boom boom boom!

Amidst bursts of thunderous and terrifying bangs, the two supernatural powers refused to give up an inch, and fell into a deadlock for a short time.

"Hahaha!"

Yan Chixia laughed wildly, held her sword upside down and sprinted quickly, leaping high in vain, slashing into the void with a slash of sword, and shouted loudly, "You hide your head and show your tail, grandpa has found you!"

Before the sword arrives, the fierce sword energy arrives first, with a rainbow-like momentum, as if it wants to cut the void into pieces.

In the next moment, a thin figure appeared out of nowhere in the empty void, his body shook, and he was so arrogant that he used his body to forcibly challenge the edge of the divine weapon.

"Bold!"

Yan Chixia was enraged in an instant, pouring powerful magic power into Xuanyuan Sword continuously like money, and the psychic soldiers burst out with great glory, and the sword's power rose again and again!

It's just that Yan Chixia's face changed suddenly when Jianfeng came into contact with that strange figure.

Chachacha!

Yan Chixia stared wide-eyed, staring in disbelief at the inexplicably large number of wounds on her body.

Amidst the blood splattering, he trembled to break through the mystery:

"This, is this the supernatural power of shifting stars and changing battles?"

Immediately, his eyes blurred, a pair of blood-red and cold eyes occupied his entire field of vision, and then the stalemate sword energy shattered, and endless water arrows poured down, drowning him.


Li Chunyi, who was blocking the ghost from the other direction, also found something was wrong, and had encountered an unprecedented sneak attack before that.

"Wow~"

One of his heads was cut off in half, and the ghost soldier who was soaked in blood and armored rushed forward to the thin figure in front of him holding a broken saber.

The Ghost Soldier has a strong Yin energy, obviously he is not Yi Yi's generation, and the broken saber is even more extraordinary, the gold and jade are only for leisure, and the realm is only forced to the resentful soul state.

Such a ghost soldier must have taken a lot of effort from Li Chunyi to cultivate it into shape.

However, in the face of this tyrannical Wushuang's knife, the thin figure did not dodge or dodge, letting the blade fall.

Crack!

The next moment, the clothes on Li Chunyi's chest were shattered, and a terrible wound that almost ran across his chest and abdomen suddenly appeared.

In the bloodbath, Li Chunyi nodded as if suddenly enlightened, and said coldly to himself, "Sure enough, I did not guess wrong, it is the legendary magic power of shifting stars and changing battles!"

As he said that, he exhaled lightly, and a miraculous scene followed.

I saw that the horrible wound that almost split his whole body in half healed at a speed visible to the naked eye, not only that, even the blood that shot out miraculously flowed back into his body.

Li Chunyi took out a broken wood carving of a little evil ghost from his arms expressionlessly, and Li Chunyi laughed at himself, "I didn't expect to waste a hard-to-find scapegoat here, anyway, it's not worth it to get accurate information. deficit."

Talking about throwing away the worthless wooden carvings of ghosts, Li Chunyi showed a rare serious expression, and said ferociously with his hands, "The exorcism of ghosts is amazing. It seems that we will be targeted when we step into the boundary of this village... ...No, maybe even earlier...

Is the purpose of so much painstakingly designed to separate us is to break down one by one? "

"If you only have the supernatural power of changing stars, you may be disappointed..."

"If you underestimate me, you will suffer a lot!"


Obviously, the three of Yuan Yutang were attacked separately, but Chen Changsheng and Lan Xi who stayed in the ancestral hall were unknown at all.

Seeing that it was almost dawn, Yuan Yutang and the others went there for almost half an hour, but there was no movement at all, and the two of them couldn't help feeling a little worried.

"Young Master Changsheng, why don't we go out and see the situation?"

Lan Xi, who had been waiting impatiently for a long time, couldn't help but speak.

Chen Changsheng couldn't help being moved when he heard the words, but he couldn't help but feel a little hesitant when he looked at the dark night outside.

It's not that I'm afraid, but that I'm worried that I won't be able to protect Lanxi's safety, and that I've failed my senior brother's trust.

Lan Xi was so anxious that he was about to persuade Chen Changsheng again, but out of the corner of his eye, he inadvertently saw half a pale grimace lying on the door of the ancestral hall, and suddenly screamed out of fright.

Chen Changsheng Ling Ran protected Lanxi, and confronted the ghost that touched the door.

For a moment, the half grimace grinned violently, and said with a miserable smile:

"Brother and sister, let's play hide and seek~"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 28 Splitting the Battlefield is free to read.




		