

Tianshui Road has been known as a "paradise on earth" since ancient times. The scenery is magnificent, the mountains and rivers are beautiful, and there are countless cultural relics, which can make people linger and forget to return.

Li Haori, a literary sage, once wrote a poem when Daxia was built:

Taizun died in this river, and he has been in Lai Tongbo for thousands of miles.

If there is no dragon boat event in the water palace, there will not be much meritorious deeds of Gong Yu.

The Taizun of the former dynasty and the last emperor were so rejoicing that they did not hesitate to spend a lot of manpower and material resources to dig an artificial Grand Canal that almost runs through half of China. The artificial estuary not only calmed the flood of the Yellow River, but also sorted out the complicated river courses.

Obviously it is a good thing that will benefit thousands of years, but the last emperor did not have the chance to enjoy Fu Meng, so he collapsed halfway, which made Da Xia cheaper in vain.

Yuan Yutang is sitting on the boat on the Bian River today, and his heart is like an arrow.

The catastrophe in Tongzhou has subsided, but there is also an unsolvable feud between him and Ling Xiaoge.

Although there was the mediation of the venerable Buddhist monk Nagarjuna, both parties involved knew that the hatred could not be resolved with a few innocuous words from others, not even by Nagarjuna.

But Master Nagarjuna still has a bit of a thin face after all, Bai Shanhe seldom regressed, and agreed with Yuan Yutang that after three years, he would come to visit him personally, and at that time all grievances and grievances would be settled together, and each life and death will be in peace.

Yuan Yutang was noncommittal.

It's just that Bai Ling'er's reluctant attitude before leaving made him very puzzled.

But it doesn't matter.

Since coming to this time, he has offended enough difficult characters, not less than Bai Shanhe.

If he was inferior to others in the decisive battle three years later, he would have no regrets if he was killed.

As soon as the matter was over, he hurried to join Chen Changsheng and the others.

Originally, he planned to question Mo Kui Xingshi, but Sun Yi told him that Da Qingniu had been missing for several days, so Yuan Yutang had no choice but to give up and wait for a chance to settle the account in the future.

There was too much time wasted, so the four of Yuan Yutang hurriedly set off by boat.

The water transportation in Daxia is at its peak, and ships come and go along the way. The scenery on both sides of the bank is beautiful, and walking in it is like being in a pair of ink paintings.

But Yuan Yutang's thoughts have long drifted to Shaozhou in the distance.

Because there is a real home that he has never been to.

Brother Pingtou, Lanxi, Chitu, how are you all?

I'm fine and I miss you...

"Master Master~"

Yuan Yutang was in a trance, and his thoughts were interrupted by his delicate and tender voice.

As soon as he turned around, he saw the cute little angel rushing towards him with short legs.

Quickly squatted down to catch the beep, and reprimanded dotingly, "Slow down, don't fall~"

Hey, like a little milk cat, his chubby little hands hooked Yuan Yutang's neck, arched back and forth in his arms, and giggled coquettishly, "Master, master, how long will it take to return to the sect?"

Yuan Yutang smiled gently, now he has to ask this question at least ten times a day.

But he wasn't impatient at all, and smiled gently, "It's almost there, and it will be there in about ten days."

Hearing the words, she couldn't help but feel a little disappointed, but the child's emotions come and go quickly, and soon she thought of another question, and asked expectantly with her red face up, "Master, master, is there really a possibility for the sect to do so?" Is it a thunder-breathing little strange beast? Will it play with Baba?"

Yuan Yutang leaned against the railing of the boat with his arms in his arms and looked at the scenery, and replied with a smile, "Yes, Brother Pingtou has a docile personality, so he will definitely like to play with him. "

"Master, why is the little strange beast called "Pingtouge", the name is so strange~"

"...Ah, it's a bit of bad taste of the teacher, so don't mention it, haha..."

"Master, Master, is Shaozhou Yise Lake really as beautiful as the rumors say?"

"...Um, maybe, um, maybe..."

"Hehe, master is so stupid, I don't know anything~ Hehe, I want to listen to the story of "Journey to the West"~"

"...Fine, fine, it's all up to you. The book continues from the previous chapter. It is said that the four monks, master and disciples of the Tang Dynasty passed the Shituoling..."

Unknowingly, with the afterglow of the setting sun, the mountains and rivers on both sides of the strait are golden.

The teacher and the apprentice at the bow of the boat are immersed in their small world, with constant laughter and laughter.

Perhaps, this is what the world is worth.

On the third watch of the first month, Yuan Yutang sent back to his room, who fell asleep after playing all day, and when he was about to go to the deck to smoke a cigarette, he found that someone had already got there first.

"Insomnia?"

Yuan Yutang stepped forward with a smile, skillfully took out two hand-rolled cigarettes from his pocket, and gave one to Chen Changsheng.

Chen Changsheng was stunned for a moment, at a loss for what to do.

Maybe it was because of anxiety, he traveled thousands of miles to follow Yuan Yutang to the Shaozhou Shimen, which he had never set foot in, and he would inevitably feel a little uncomfortable, so he suffered from insomnia.

Just seeing Yuan Yutang deftly lighting a cigarette and puffing it up looks a little handsome, so he tried to take a sip.

"Cough cough cough~"

Unsurprisingly, he coughed violently from nicotine choking.

Yuan Yutang succeeded in playing a prank. He laughed and helped Chen Changsheng rub his back. With a cigarette dangling from his crooked mouth, he bewitched, "Hahaha, just get used to it. Our old master has no hobbies in his life. He likes smoking and drinking. This glorious tradition can't be done." It's up to our senior brothers~"

Chen Changsheng gave Senior Brother Wuliang an angry look, but he didn't refuse. He tried to smoke a few more puffs, and gradually discovered the charm of cigarettes.

"Hahaha, I just said that you will like it. As a man, you have to smoke the best cigarettes, drink the strongest alcohol, and sleep the most... Well, you can figure it out yourself."

It seemed that Yuan Yutang was in a particularly good mood tonight, and began to be a little outspoken.

The two brothers began to smoke and talk about the mountains.

"...You're bragging, how can there be a shell that destroys the city, I don't believe it!"

"...How could there be a magic weapon that can carry hundreds of people in the sky, it must be fooling me again!"

"...An artificial creation that can dive thousands of feet into the sea? Impossible, impossible, absolutely impossible!"

"...Really, will there really be a country where everyone is equal, fed, clothed and prosperous?"

Yuan Yutang laughed out loud, he loved the feeling of bluffing Chen Changsheng with what he had learned in his previous life.

Let time freeze in this moment if you can.

Sunset and sunrise are the cycle of heaven.

The long night passed without knowing it, and after a night of chatting, Yuan Yutang successfully dispelled the little uneasiness in Chen Changsheng's heart.

Hehehe got up at dawn and ran around on the boat, very happy.

Perhaps it was because Yuan Yutang refused to listen to the advice and provoked him to go to the Lingxiao Pavilion before he was upset, but Sun Yi has been reclusive and sulking since he got on the boat.

Yuan Yutang was very patient, explaining at the door twice a day on time, and believed that Sun Yi's grievances would be dispelled in a short time.

After breakfast, the boss of the boat suddenly came to sue.

"Respected guest, there is a money pass ahead. This tax payment is not within our agreement. If you don't want to pay more money, you can only go to the shore and invite you to disembark."

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and asked puzzledly, "Boatman, what's the matter with this banknote pass, why doesn't it sound like a good thing?"

The boss of the boat smiled wryly, "I don't know what the guest officer is. Tianshui Road is famous all over the country for banknotes, so Chaoguan Chaoguan, as the name suggests, is a pass specially designed to intercept banknote transport ships. The most important means for corrupt officials to collect money. In the past, when the court was not corrupt, it only targeted money-carrying ships. Now, regardless of the size of the ships in the past, they have to pay customs duties.”

"It's not that the little old man is not authentic, it's really a lot of money to pay the tax. The most important thing is that the little old man passed here last year and didn't set up a banknote gate. Now that the banknote gate is established, it means that the waterway will definitely be in the future. There are also quite a few bills. If it is just a single bill, the little old man will pay it without hesitation, but if you come to a mess, the little old man's trip will be in vain. Please be considerate and considerate. "

Seeing that the boss of the boat spoke so sincerely, Yuan Yutang was not embarrassed.

If disembarking from here should take land, at least the journey will take twice as long.

He has no shortage of money, and Dang even promised him to pay the tax, which relieved the heart of the boat boss.

The problem was solved, but Yuan Yutang felt uneasy for no reason.

There were so many exorbitant and miscellaneous taxes in the feudal era that they were simply forbidden.

In particular, the income of officials in Daxia is relatively low, and there are still a large number of unpaid officials working under their hands. If they don't want to find a way to make money, how can they support so many people?

I've only heard of those who lose money in business, and those who definitely don't work in officials also lose money.

So the wool comes from the sheep, and the parents and officials naturally have to reach out to the children under their jurisdiction to make money.

It is true that Yuan Yutang has the ability to pull out all the money that has been overtaxed, but you don't need to think about it. After he leaves, he will be revived immediately. After killing a group of corrupt officials, another group of corrupt officials will immediately replace him. Come on, he can't stay here for the rest of his life to uphold justice, right?

This is not a shortcoming that can be changed simply by being happy for a while. The root cause is that the entire Great Xia court is rotten.

I can't manage it, and I can't manage it well.

That being the case, let's go bankrupt and eliminate disasters.

Anyway, he doesn't have too much obsession with money, so just give it if you give it.

It's just rare that Yuan Yutang wanted to calm things down, but he never thought that things in the world are often so wonderful.

Sometimes you don't look for trouble, but trouble will find you.

Passed three banknotes in a row and paid a lot of money.

When it reached the fourth banknote pass, there was a moth.

A gloomy young eunuch stopped the boat with a dozen or so vicious government servants, and he could not help but board the boat to search, in the pretense of checking for any private goods.

Yuan Yutang's expression immediately darkened due to this kind of shameless taking and plundering.

He never had a good impression of creatures like eunuchs, especially the ones that pissed him off.

This dead eunuch obviously saw that he had paid taxes and paid happily before, and had already met a fat sheep, so he wanted to eat all the fat with a knife in a hurry.

However, before Yuan Yutang had an attack, another episode happened that made him furious.

As soon as he ran out of the back cabin, he bumped into a yamen servant without paying attention.

The yamen servant must have been used to being domineering, and immediately flew into a rage, and was about to kick at the bewildered beep who fell on the ground, and cursed in his mouth:

"Where is the wild girl, even the servant dares to offend, I will kick you to death!"

It's just that he didn't wait for his foot to kick, and the blood burst out in an instant.

The yamen servant didn't say a word, and was thrown into the water in an instant.

Yuan Yutang picked up Xiba, who was about to cry, and smiled angrily, "It seems that sometimes being too kind is not a good thing."

"Sun Yi, Changsheng, kill all those pickled goods on board!"

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 1 The Good and the Ugly is free to read.




		