

Like ants on a hot pot, the ten sons of the three stars who stayed by Zigan's side looked anxiously at the boundless wilderness.

"Master, Seventh Senior Brother has entered for almost an hour, and there is no news yet, why don't we go in and find him?"

A handsome disciple of fifteen or sixteen anxiously begged Master Zigan.

Master Zigan slowly opened his eyes with closed eyes, stared deeply at the wilderness, and said quietly after a long time, "No hurry, just wait."

Disciple Qingxiu seemed to have a deep relationship with Seventh Senior Brother Yue Ming who had entered the wilderness. Hearing this, he couldn't help feeling anxious, and subconsciously retorted, "What are you waiting for? If we don't go in again, Seventh Senior Brother may be in danger!!"

Immortal Zigan laughed silently after hearing this, but didn't explain much, closed his eyes again and said nothing.

"Master!" the Qingxiu disciple yelled without giving up.

"Noisy!"

Master Zigan sneered coldly, based on his majesty, even if he was unwilling, Qingxiu disciple would not dare to talk anymore.

Another incense stick of time passed, just when the patience of the ten three-star sons was about to run out.

All of a sudden, the real Zigan, who was with the old god, opened his eyes suddenly. There seemed to be two cold lightning flashing in his pupils, and he slowly got up and shouted angrily:

"Your Excellency kept me waiting for a while. You have the ability to plot against my three-star temple, but you don't have the ability to show it. How ridiculous is this?"

Only then did the ten sons of the three stars suddenly realize that they all drew out their troops and lined up to guard the real Zigan, as if they were facing a big enemy.

However, the wilderness was sparse and the weeds were undulating, and no one responded to Zigan's questioning for a long time.

Master Zigan gritted his teeth and said angrily, "It seems that Your Excellency still doesn't take me seriously. If that's the case, don't blame me for being rude!"

"Samadhi true fire, disease!"

After all, a ball of fire the size of a water tank formed out of thin air, hitting the wilderness like a meteor day by day.

It was too late, and then it was too late, just when the pure and yang samadhi real fire in the world was about to smash into the wilderness, dozens of figures sprang out from the dense grass like a forest, and they forcibly volleyed into the air to act as a human wall, blocking the powerful Wutao attack.

boom!

The true fire of Samadhi exploded suddenly, and countless sparks rained down in the weeds, instantly igniting a sea of ​​flames.

The ten sons of the three stars were inspired by the superb magic of Zigan, and they all cheered and praised.

It's a pity that the Zigan real person involved was not at all happy, and his old face was longer than a donkey's horse.

He originally wanted to burn the whole wasteland with the real fire of Samadhi, but unfortunately most of the power of the real fire of Samadhi was offset by the weird human wall. Although Yu Jin ignited a raging flame, it was harmless after all.

bang bang~

Suddenly, there was a burst of applause in the sea of ​​flames, interrupting the joy of the three-star ten sons.

Real Zigan's face was as heavy as water, and his eyes were fixed on the figure walking out of the sea of ​​flames.

"It is rumored that although the Sanxingguan Zigan real person has not reached the fairyland, his killing power is not inferior to that of the immortals at the gate of hell. He can even control the celestial supernatural powers such as Samadhi real fire in advance. It seems that there is no one worthy of his reputation."

The visitor was dressed in gorgeous robes, painted his eyebrows and painted colors, his hair and temples were filled with various decorations, but on his neck was a unique Buddhist rosary, and between his eyebrows was embroidered a blazing red lotus in full bloom. Bring a nun.

"Bitch, but you are murdering me?" Master Zigan gritted his teeth and roared angrily.

The glamorous nun didn't hide it, she nodded and admitted with a sly smile, "Zigan can think so. @ "

Master Zigan's expression changed when he heard the words, and he asked repeatedly, "Are there any other accomplices besides you?"

"Amitabha~" The beautiful nun proclaimed with a smile, her smile was extremely bright, but her beautiful eyes were as cold as ice, and she looked at the three-star audience as if she was looking at corpses, and said with a smile, "Master Di loves his son dearly, so I have to wrong you. "

"Uh~"

Real Zigan looked like he was struck by lightning, and his face was full of disbelief.

He and Di Shizun have known each other for many years, and they are congenial to each other. He did not expect that Di Shizun would sell his entire three-star temple for his son.

In vain, he also led Quanguan disciples to help him wishful thinking.

Unexpectedly, the friendship between them is so fragile in the face of reality.

Really.

The world is going downhill, and people's hearts are not old.

The ancients do not deceive me! !

Master Zigan's heart was cut like a knife, and he sighed miserably.

The beautiful nun didn't bother her either, and let Master Zigan sigh.

After a while, Master Zigan suppressed the grief and anger in his heart, and glared at the beautiful nun, "Demon nun, I have no grievances with you in this three-star temple, and I have no enmity with you, why do you want to murder our sect so deliberately!"

The beautiful nun smiled and said, "Hehe, cultivating immortals against the sky is a cruel game where the big fish eat the small fish. You are obviously the one who fell into the trap. Now you blame the poor nun. What's the point?"

"You're talking nonsense, you're courting death!"

Immortal Zigan couldn't bear it any longer, and when he was urged by his strong mana, his whole body surged violently, and the flames within ten steps were heavy, as if possessed by purgatory.

"The ten sons of the three stars obey the order, and use all kinds of means to kill the demon nun with me, and those who disobey the order will die!"

The ten sons of the three stars suddenly became awe-inspiring, and moved in an instant, all kinds of spells and talismans rained down on the beautiful nun like rain.

For a moment, it seemed as if the heavens and the earth were scolding her, but the beautiful nun, who was trapped on all sides, looked leisurely, as if the siege by the strongest disciple of the Three Stars Temple was not a threat, and she even had time to smooth a messy hair.

Zigan Daoist is like a mad dragon, rushing wildly regardless of his care, losing so many people here, even if he can successfully survive this catastrophe, Sanxingguan will probably be devastated.

From the moment he agreed to help Di Shizun save people, he was already a sinner of Samsung Temple through the ages. Error-free update@

In order to atone for his sins and wash away his shame, he decided to kill the demon nun, and then seek justice from the beastly Di Shizun!

The surging ultimate move is approaching, but the beautiful nun is still calm.

"Die to me!"

The Zigan real person wrapped in the samadhi real fire has all his beard and hair, like an angry flaming lion, punching the beautiful nun's glamorous and unparalleled handsome face fiercely.

At the critical moment, the beautiful nun finally moved.

I saw her clothes bulging without wind, a black shadow sprang out from under her skirt, and hit the flaming iron fist of Zigan Zigan with hatred.

Boom!

After a loud noise, Master Zigan was thrown out like a kite with broken strings, and hit the ground heavily, and the real fire of Samadhi on his body was quickly and silently extinguished.

Looking down at his fighting fist in horror, Master Zigan suddenly found that his entire arm was still turned into soft minced meat, and a large amount of rotten flesh and blood flowed out from a broken blood hole on the back of his hand. In the blink of an eye, only the arm remained. Underneath is a thin layer of skin.

"Here, is this the needle behind the tail of the demon bee? Are you actually a demon?"

The severe physical pain of the real person Zigan was covered up by the fear in his heart, and he subconsciously revealed the biggest secret of the beautiful nun.

Before he could return, Master Zigan heard a terrifying buzzing sound coming from the sky, looked up anxiously, and couldn't help feeling his hair go numb.

I saw a large black cloud emerging from the dense grass, which was composed of countless fist-sized wasps.

What frightened him the most was that in the center of that terrifying dark cloud, a gigantic giant bee with flapping wings suddenly appeared.

Judging from her demeanor and temperament, she is clearly the body of a beautiful nun!

Under the leadership of the giant bee, the dark clouds swept in crazily. Whether it was Zigan or the three stars, they were swallowed by the dark clouds in the blink of an eye before they even had time to scream. .


		