

Human nature is good?

Human nature is evil?

This question has troubled countless philosophers in ancient and modern China and abroad for countless years.

There was no answer in the past, there is no answer now, and it may not be possible to have a convincing answer in the future.

But there are undoubtedly born wicked people in this world, there is no doubt about it.


Two days later, on Tuesday, Niu’s house was full of crying, with streamers hanging in front of the door, apparently a funeral was being held.

Zhou Xiaoniu died.

It was only discovered the next day dozens of miles downstream of Caotang Village.

It is said that the death was extremely strange, and the internal organs of the corpse were all emptied, leaving only an empty skin bag.

The scariest thing was that Zhou Xiaoniu's last expression was a weird smile.

All the adults thought it was Zhou Xiaoniu who was greedy for fun. He sneaked out of the house to play in the water in the middle of the night and was drowned. In the end, his internal organs were eaten by fish and shrimp in the river.

In the spirit of the neighborhood, no matter whether the relationship is good or bad, the villagers who can come will come to offer a stick of incense to poor Zhou Xiaoniu, and help Zhou Niu and his wife to hold the funeral in a beautiful manner, which is considered their best intentions.

However, no one expected that the murderer who actually killed Zhou Xiaoniu was among the crowd.

The three members of Bei Gongde's family paid homage to Zhou Xiaoniu, and planned to leave after a few words of condolences such as lack of nutrition with Zhou Niu and his wife.

Before leaving, Bei Jiaxun looked back at the newly created spiritual seat in the center of the altar, and felt an inexplicable excitement in his heart.

After returning home, Bei Jiaxun did his homework and had dinner as usual. In the evening, he used the excuse of going out to play, so he ran to meet his friends who were present a few days ago.

Except for Bei Jiaxun, the other five children all looked preoccupied.

Seeing this, Bei Jiaxun reprimanded in displeasure, "What's the matter with you, have you forgotten what I taught you a few days ago? Zhou Xiaoniu fell into the water and drowned by himself, and it has nothing to do with us!"

"But..." A handsome child subconsciously wanted to refute, but met Bei Jiaxun's cannibalistic gaze, and immediately swallowed the words on his lips.

This child was the one who tried to save Zhou Xiaoniu back then.

Bei Jiaxun stared his eyes wide open, made the most vicious look on purpose, looked around the frightened little friends, and found that no one dared to look at him before snorting in satisfaction, "Remember it all, I rotted all the things that night in my stomach, whoever dares to leak out, I will let him accompany Zhou Xiaoniu!"

The few friends were shocked when they heard the words, and hurriedly swore that they would keep their mouths shut.


Four days later, Yuan Yutang and his party finally entered the border of Luzhou belatedly.

Maybe it's to avoid the retaliation against the 'ghost comprador' that may come at any time, or maybe it's because I've been away from home for too long and want to hurry on my way as soon as possible.

Anyway, they traveled more than a thousand miles in five days, with an average of nearly 300 kilometers per day.

The four big men could hold on physically and mentally, but Lan Xi couldn't.

Although she is not an extraordinary person, but her heart is not yet mature, and she has been sluggish for the past two days after such a high-intensity rush.

Moreover, the horses leading the carriage seemed to be reaching their limits, and if they did not rest, they might be in danger of dying from exhaustion.

Based on the above, Yuan Yutang decided to find a nearby place to spend the night.

Walking along the bumpy dirt road, they finally found a place to stay before dark.

It's just that when they entered Caotang Village, they felt very uncomfortable.

There is no other reason, it is because the doors of every household here are closed tightly before the sun goes down, and the sound of depressed breathing can be heard from time to time in the house.

What are the villagers afraid of?

Yuan Yutang and the others were at a loss.

If in doubt, feel free to ask.

Yuan Yutang immediately knocked on the door of a tile-roofed house, and said warmly, "Is there anyone at home? Yuan Yuji, the head of the Jingshan Sect in Shaozhou, the poor Taoist, was passing through your place with a few friends. He was surprised that it was getting late, so he wanted to bother him overnight. , I would also like to ask the host to do me a favor."

After finishing speaking, I counted in my heart.

Three, two, one.

open the door!

Sure enough, the closed door opened a crack with a creak, and a frightened eye peered out through the crack.

In order to show his sincerity, Yuan Yutang took a few steps back, calmly allowing him to look at him.

As he expected, Taoist status in this world is still very popular.

It may be that the people inside the door were convinced when they saw Yuan Yutang's dignified appearance, Yan Chixia, who was upright and rich, and the beautiful and delicate Lan Xi, so they boldly opened the door.

A middle-aged farmer with a flustered face glanced around vigilantly, and asked suspiciously, "You child, are you really a Taoist priest?"

Yuan Yutang smiled and said nothing, raised his hand, and a ball of flame was born out of thin air.

It is better to show your hand directly than to say a thousand words and ten thousand.

As expected, the middle-aged farmer immediately put down his guard when he saw this, choked up, and kowtowed, crying, "The Taoist priest is merciful, the Taoist priest is merciful, save the seven hundred innocent people in Caotang Village! ~"

The movement for so long was due to the attention of the neighbors around.

At this moment, when he heard the cry of the middle-aged farmer, he immediately went out boldly, howled and joined the ranks of kneeling and kowtowing, crying loudly for a while, and those who heard it wept.

"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooomy

"Oh, oh, Daoist, help me~"

Yuan Yutang and his party frowned immediately after hearing this. It must have happened that so many people knelt down and begged for help at the same time.

Wei Ran sighed, Yuan Yutang went up to help the middle-aged farmer in front of him, and said in a soft voice, "Don't worry, old man, please take your time, if the poor can help you, you will definitely not refuse."

The middle-aged farmer held Yuan Yutang's hand tightly, refusing to let go, choked up sobbing that he couldn't help himself.

Fortunately, Yan Chixia was the best at calming down emotions. When the Buddhist voice of Meditation came out, the fear in the hearts of the villagers was immediately dispelled.

The movement here quickly spread to the whole village, and almost all the villagers rushed out, without any explanation, they rushed them to the ancestral hall, and the big fish and meat were served like water without money.

Yuan Yutang and the others couldn't even refuse, and the villagers were determined to please them.

The so-called cannibalism is short-mouthed. Although most of the villagers are illiterate, they still understand this truth.

Serve you well first, if you want to help, I don't believe you will be rejected.

This is the survival wisdom of Dousheng Xiaomin.

After eating and drinking, the eagerly watching villagers pushed out a middle-aged scribe dressed as a scholar to speak.

"In Xiabei Gongde, I was a scholar in the first year of Taikang. I am a private school teacher in the village. Thanks to the love of the villagers, I was recommended to come out to talk with all the distinguished guests. I am really scared."

When things go wrong, there must be demons. The more the villagers are willing to spend their money, the more difficult things will prove to be.

Yuan Yutang didn't bother to be polite, and said straight to the point, "Mr. Bei, we have eaten our meals, so you can speak up if you have any difficulties."

Bekund opened his mouth hesitantly, as if there was something unspeakable.

Yuan Yutang laughed and said, "The so-called taboo of diseases and avoiding medical treatment, if you can't even tell the truth about your difficulties, how can the poor judge whether they can help you?"

Hearing this, Bei Gongde gritted his teeth, as if he had made a great decision, and said bitterly, "It's really unfortunate for the family. Recently, a child in the village accidentally fell into the water and drowned, and then turned into a demon and came back to claim his life, threatening to kill him. The whole village buried him with him!"

"Normally, there are no big conflicts that cannot be resolved among the folks in the village, and the child's family is poor. We folks have helped a lot before, and we even raised money for his family's funeral. Now the child has no reason. If you want us all to be buried with you, how can there be such a stupid reason in the world?"

After Yan Chixia and the others thought about it, Yuan Yutang immediately said, "Why don't you tell me in detail how the child died, and how he turned into a ghost and came back to harm the villagers."

Bei Gongde was shocked when he heard the words, and was about to continue, but was robbed by Yuan Yutang:

"It's about the life and death of the whole village, please don't keep secrets, there are no details, but you must tell everything you know, otherwise it will be of no benefit to you."

People have bad roots, especially scholars, relying on their eloquence, it is easy to confuse the public when encountering problems, and only pick the factors that are beneficial to them.

If these people did something outrageous, Yuan Yutang would absolutely not care about it.

Bei Kunde's face was suffocated, and he was instinctively sullen.

Being questioned like this, Bei Gongde couldn't hold back his face, and wanted to leave, but when he thought of the situation in the village, he had to suppress his anger and said, "This little Taoist priest, although I am not a famous Confucianist, but I also know how to write the word "honesty, shame." If you don’t believe what I’m saying, you can ask any of your folks to see if what I’m saying is true?”

Yuan Yutang just smiled and said nothing.

At this time, a few gray-haired old men walked out of the crowd with the support of a few younger generations, and bowed to each other.

Facing several people, Yuan Yutang and the others did not dare to be rude, and quickly got up to return the greeting solemnly.

"Taoist Master~" the oldest old man among them spoke tremblingly, "I can prove that Bei Xiucai is absolutely right, I beg the Taoist Master to be merciful, and save our whole village~ After this is done, even if you sell everything you want , we will also repay the chief’s life-saving grace.”

"I waited for a few old things to step into the coffin with half a foot, and they died when they died, but the others are still young, so they must not be easily killed by evil spirits~"

"Old man, I will kowtow to you~"

Then he knelt down.

This is impossible!

Yuan Yutang's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, he strode up and supported the old man, and said repeatedly, "Don't be a poor man, old man, it's not that I don't believe in it, I just asked a few more questions out of caution."

The old man ignored it and insisted on kneeling down.

The so-called old man is a thief. He is trying to manipulate people's hearts.

Although he knew that the old thief was deliberately forcing him to submit, he couldn't let an old man kneel and kowtow to him under the eyes of everyone.

It was hard to get off the tiger, so Yuan Yutang had to agree to give it a try, but there was no guarantee that the problem would be solved.

With his words, the villagers felt at ease, and Yuan Yutang was almost dazzled by the flood of flattery and flattery.

Li Chunyi watched the whole process with cold eyes, and there seemed to be a faint sneer hanging from the corner of his mouth.

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 26 Seeking help is free to read.




		