

The Lingxiao Sect is hailed as the ancestor of physical cultivation by Taoists all over the world, and it is based on the Northwest Road. It is the only sect of sorcerers on the mainland of China that can stand up to warriors.

All of his disciples have the incomparable courage, they specialize in physical fitness, they have strong energy and blood, and they take it as their duty to unlock the secret secrets of the human body, which is infinitely miraculous. @·No fault first launch~~

Bai Shanhe is the deputy mountain master of Xiaoze Peak, one of the twelve chain peaks of the Lingxiao Sect. Recently, he is leading seven of his most proud disciples to practice and practice in the Jinlan Mountains.

When the mountain god drumming happened, they were only fifty miles away from Yuan Yutang and the others.

However, when the violent mountain god was killed by Shenlei, the distance of fifty miles became an almost insurmountable gap.

"This……"

Bai Shanhe's favorite disciple, Zhao Dada, stared dumbfounded at the giant pit that almost destroyed the entire Jinlan Mountains, but he was speechless.

Bai Shanhe's eyes were complicated, he stared at the huge pit for a long time, and suddenly he looked up to the sky and smiled.

"Hahaha, God help me, High Heaven Pavilion!"

The seven disciples looked back in surprise.

Bai Shanhe pointed to the huge pit energetically and explained, "The Heavenly Punishment Thunder is divided into five levels: white, blue, purple, clear, and black. Those who can be worthy of being punished by the second strongest indigo thunder must be those who are above seven calamities." World Demon King! This kind of strong man is already hard to be tolerated by the world, and there is a high probability that he will leave behind precious secret treasures after his death!"

"We are fortunate enough to encounter such a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, doesn't it prove that our Lingxiao Pavilion is prosperous?"

The seven major disciples suddenly realized, and after figuring out the key point, they showed joy, cupped their fists and congratulated each other:

"God bless High Heaven Pavilion, congratulations to the master!"

"Hahaha!"

Although Baishanhe is only in the realm of human immortals and Huangquan, his body is still tempered to the "body that is invulnerable to six diseases". Compared with the indestructible body of the Buddhist King Kong, his combat power is extremely amazing, and his typical realm cannot keep up with his strength. , being arrogant and arrogant, acting arrogantly and domineeringly.

Because of this, he, who was valued by the pavilion master, was ordered to go down the mountain to practice in the world of mortals, and when he returned, he could reach a higher level.

So he is extremely eager to promote the prestige of Lingxiao Pavilion in the world of mortals, and even more eager to make meritorious deeds for the sect, to prove that the pavilion master has not misunderstood the person.

The great opportunity in front of him is within reach, how could he give up?

Therefore, he made a decision in an instant.

"All disciples obey the order!"

The seven disciples were immediately shocked when they heard the words.

Bai Shanhe ordered and said wantonly, "Go down to the pit with the teacher... to get the treasure!"

"Follow the teacher's orders!"


Zizizi~

The unbelievably hot glazed molten slurry is slowly but irreversibly corroding the ground at the bottom of the pit, where there is no grass growing, and bursts of sulphurous white smoke pervades wantonly.

Yuan Yutang was so worried that his hair was about to fall out, but he couldn't think of a feasible solution.

Knowing that the rare guardian bone in the world is right in front of your eyes, but you can't grab it, this feeling of elusiveness is too torturous.

I know that the longer the time is dragged on, the more likely there will be variables.

And if it dragged on any longer, I'm afraid that Liuli Melting Paste would corrode his only range of activities.

At that time, no matter what, he will return empty-handed.

Yuan Yutang broke his heart and decided to take a risky gamble!

Determined, he immediately started to act.

Taking a deep breath, he squatted down slightly, secretly accumulating strength, and when the strength reached its peak, he erupted suddenly.

boom!

He stomped out two big holes in the hard rock and soil under his feet. With that momentum, Yuan Yutang jumped into the air instantly like a rocket.

Exploding with all his strength, Yuan Yutang jumped over a distance of nearly twenty feet in an instant.

However, when the momentum is exhausted, when the upward force is exhausted, he will inevitably fall downward.

There is still about one hundred and five feet away from the place where the mountain god's body armor was left.

Seeing that he was about to fall into the extremely high-temperature molten glass and there were no bones left inside, Yuan Yutang held his breath and concentrated, and let out a loud shout in his heart.

Fight!

It was too late and then it was too fast, I saw that the airflow that was gradually thinning due to being far away from the ground suddenly condensed together, and the water molecules in the void also entangled.

In the blink of an eye, a semi-virtual wind and rain step was formed.

Yuan Yutang is accurate.

Suspiciously landed on the wind and rain steps, and immediately jumped again, jumping out again before the overwhelmed wind and rain steps collapsed.

It wasn't until Yuan Yutang jumped up again that the tight string in Yuan Yutang's heart relaxed slightly.

This is the only way he can think of to cross the 125-foot death penalty zone.

He also admits that this approach carries high risks.

The bottom of the giant pit is different from the ground. Whether the leverage point composed of thin air and nearly evaporated water molecules can withstand the test is still unknown.

But there has never been a 100% safe benefit in the world. Sometimes if you want to win monstrous wealth, you have to take risks.

And even if he failed, although the distance of twenty feet was too far, it was just within the limit distance of the vertical golden light that he could use now, so at most he would return empty-handed.

Fortunately, he succeeded.

With the help of the wind and rain steps, Yuan Yutang jumped a distance of nearly five feet.

After all, he is not down-to-earth, he dare not rush forward.

The distance of five feet is just controllable, so you don't have to worry about falling too fast to gather strength, and you don't have to worry about using too much force to cause the steps to collapse due to wind and rain, and it can also save mana very well.

Yuan Yutang was determined, so he jumped to the place where the guardian bone was left.

On the way, he didn't relax at all, and his brain was still in a state of high-speed thinking.

Although it is expected to arrive at the remains of the guardian bone, how to get the guardian bone from under the molten glass after arriving is another problem.


Bai Shanhe's eight people have rich experience in Jianghu, and they are different from Yuan Yutang's aggressiveness. They descend at a uniform speed, which can not only observe the situation ahead in advance, but also prevent them from being attacked in the air.

The reason why this can be achieved, of course, is to rely on the unique supernatural power of Baishanheren's fairyland-flying against the wind.

"Master!"

When everyone was silent and alert, suddenly the only female disciple among the seven disciples suddenly spoke.

"Ling'er, what's the matter?"

Compared with the harshness towards male disciples, Bai Shanhe is extra tolerant towards this cute and unruly female disciple.

Bai Ling'er tilted her head cutely, and said softly, "Just now the mountain god made such a big commotion, I'm afraid that warlocks with a radius of hundreds of miles will rush to hear the news. If everyone competes for the secret treasure, How to deal with it?"

Bai Shanhe and the other six male disciples were taken aback when they heard the words, then burst out laughing, only making Bai Ling'er laugh so embarrassingly.

Jin Yuanxing, the eldest disciple of Baishan Hezuo, said with a haughty smile, "Little sister was brought up to the mountain gate by the master since she was a child, and she doesn't know much about the secular world, that's why this disaster happened."

The second disciple, Zhang Feiloo, accepted the words and said disdainfully, "There is no owner of the secret storehouse, and chances come from the sky. Of course, those who have insight will have a share, and those who are capable will live there!"

"That's right, if you don't have enough strength to join in the fun, then you will be at your own risk." _o_m "The third disciple Zhao Dazhi laughed murderously.

Bai Shanhe nodded and said with a smile, "That's right, Ling'er, how illustrious and brilliant I am in the High Heaven Pavilion, why should the gangsters compete with us for the opportunity? If there are really lifeless people who dare to fish in troubled waters, maybe the teacher will punish him personally!"

"In the whole world, all the opportunities should belong to my Lingxiao Pavilion, and the other so-called seven factions and five mountains are just vain chickens and dogs!"

Listening to the master's domineering declaration, the innocent Bai Ling'er believed it was true, her beautiful big eyes showed sparkling admiration.

Nothing happened along the way, and it seemed that they would reach the bottom of the pit soon.

Suddenly, the sharp-eyed fourth disciple Deng Rong exclaimed, "Master, look quickly, someone has arrived before us!"

Hearing the words, Bai Shanhe quickly mobilized his mana to concentrate his eyes, and when he took a closer look, he saw a shadowy figure jumping back and forth sneakily under the deep pit.

"Thief, dare you!"

Bai Shanhe has always been extremely domineering, but he will never allow others to get involved in anything he likes.

Seeing someone intending to get there first, he couldn't bear it anymore, and suddenly punched out through the air, with a burst of majestic magic power, a tiger-shaped tangible vigor rushed towards the figure below.


Yuan Yutang had already arrived at the place where the guardian bone was left, but he had no way to salvage the guardian bone under the molten glass, and was forced to spend his mana.

Jump back and think about countermeasures.

Suddenly, he suddenly felt a lingering aura coming towards him from the sky.

Before he had time to think about it, he instantly activated the vertical golden light supernatural power and teleported to twenty feet away.

boom!

The fierce tiger rushed straight at the molten glass, and it exploded violently like a missile bombardment. The viscous molten glass splashed like a goddess scattering flowers, like a dream.

The sneak attack failed, which greatly exceeded Bai Shanhe's expectations, and his face suddenly became gloomy and ugly.

Yuan Yutang didn't give up too much, the physical energy just now was extremely fierce, and he came here to kill him.

Being attacked for no reason, even a clay figurine would be extremely angry, let alone Yuan Yutang.

The nameless evil fire ignited in his heart, and in line with the principle of being indecent when coming and going, Yuan Yutang condensed several rainstorm pear flower swords with his backhand and threw them at Bai Shanhe and his group who were descending.

"Hmph, small tricks!"

Seeing that Yuan Yutang had saved his life and didn't want to run away, Bai Shanhe dared to provoke him with a backhand, he was instantly furious.

As if deliberately embarrassing Yuan Yutang, Bai Shanhe let go of his resistance proudly, allowing the ferocious rainstorm's pear blossom sword to fall on him.

With a few bang bang bang bangs, the rainstorm's pear blossom sword collapsed, but Bai Shanhe was unscathed, not even a single wrinkle in his clothes.

This is the uniqueness of physical training.

Those with advanced realms can temper their bodies to be comparable to divine weapons, and those with the most profound realms can achieve the legendary indestructible body!

Yuan Yutang had expected that the rainstorm's pear blossom sword would end without a problem. He knew that a few illusory magic swords alone would not be able to do anything to Bai Shanhe. Error-free update@

But his intention is to show his attitude!

If you want to pick peaches, labor and management will fight with you!

This is Yuan Yutang's attitude!

Because of this, Bai Shanhe became more and more angry.

A little sorcerer in the real world is also worthy of challenging him?

Since you don't know how to advance or retreat, then go to hell!

With the killing intent bursting out, behind Bai Shanhe stood up out of thin air a supernatural general, driven by his will, and unstoppably charged at Yuan Yutang. .


		