

As the saying goes, you need mountains to eat mountains, and water to eat water.

Although the Banlan River in Sanshan Road is only a branch basin, it has at least supported tens of thousands of fishermen, especially in difficult years with continuous severe droughts.

Taohua Village is a remote fishing village where people have made a living by fishing for generations.

Old man Wu is the most experienced fisherman in the village, and also the head of this small fishing village.

The sun was setting, and the old man Wu, whose skin had been sunburned for many years, was slowly pulling the small fishing boat to the shore.

"Father Wu, how's your harvest today?"

A dark man on the nearby fishing boat greeted old man Wu.

The old man Wu sighed, bent down and picked up three and a half palm-sized silver carp from the cabin, and said with a wry smile, "I've worked hard all day, and this is all I've gained, alas."

The swarthy man also said with a sad face, "Forget it, I just caught a pomfret today that barely fits into the pot. In this stupid year, not only can't grow crops in the fields, even the fish in the river is almost eaten up." , How does this make us ordinary people live?"

"Hehe. @·无问发布~~" The old man Wu comforted optimistically, "Don't talk about being discouraged, people can't be suffocated to death by soaking in urine, maybe there will be a big harvest tomorrow?"

The swarthy man was stunned for a moment, and suddenly he said in a bright mood, "Haha, let me accept your words, if I really catch a big one tomorrow, I guarantee that I won't lose your share."

"Virtue!" Old Man Wu scolded with a smile, "Hurry up and go home, the mother-in-law must have been looking forward to you going back for dinner."

"Okay, you can go back too, see you tomorrow." The dark man tied the rope that fixed the boat, then took his bamboo basket with only one fish back home.

After the dark man left, Old Man Wu packed up and went back to his three-room hut.

"Grandfather~ You are back~"

As soon as he entered the door, a little loli who looked like a jade carved in pink ran up and rushed into the arms of old man Wu.

Old Man Wu hurriedly put down the things in his hands to catch the little Lolita, and said repeatedly, "Slow down, don't fall~"

The grandfather and grandson stayed tenderly for a moment, and then separated.

The old man Wu had a hard life. His wife died of dystocia in his early years. He finally raised his son by being both a father and a mother.

Unexpectedly, the weather was unpredictable. Half a year ago, my son and daughter-in-law encountered big waves when they went fishing, and they never came back.

Only his little granddaughter was left alone.

Although the days were hard, fortunately, the little granddaughter was very sensible, which gave the old man Wu hope to survive after repeated blows.

"Grandpa, what did you gain today~"

Looking at his little granddaughter's innocent big eyes full of hope, old man Wu felt a little sore for no reason.

He forced himself to smile and said, "Hehe, grandpa is the most powerful fisherman in the village, so of course he has something to gain! Look~"

"Wow, grandpa is great, three fish is enough for our family to eat for three days~" The little granddaughter danced happily and clapped her hands.

Hearing this, old man Wu felt even more sour.

Three silver carp less than the size of a palm can be eaten for three days. Is this what a human being should live?

Gosh, you son of a bitch!

At this moment, the old man Wu, who never complained, suddenly wanted to scold the old man severely.

The little granddaughter was happy for a while, then suddenly remembered something, and said flatly, "Hey, I almost forgot, there is a little brother at home, so I can't eat three fish for three days~"

Old man Wu slapped his head when he heard the words, and thought regretfully, yes, I almost forgot that there was another person in the family! It was barely enough food for the grandparents and grandchildren for three days, but now it might not be enough.

Seeing old man Wu's embarrassment, the little granddaughter was so anxious that she was about to cry, she pulled the corner of old man Wu's clothes and whispered, "Grandpa, don't be angry, or, if you don't, you can eat less for a day, hey You’re very hungry, so don’t throw your little brother outside~”

After hearing the child's words that were so sensible and heart-wrenching, the old man Wu was heartbroken, and hurriedly squatted down and hugged Xie's small body, and said with tears in his heart, "You are so good, don't worry, grandpa won't treat you like a child." If the little brother throws it out, he will definitely not let him go hungry, and grandpa will go out on the boat tomorrow, and he will return with a full load."

Heh heh he turned his cry into a smile, happily took the three silver carp and cleaned them up.

The old man Wu wiped away the tears from the corners of his eyes, sighed, and picked up yesterday's picks on the table.

The remaining herbs went to the Westinghouse.

As soon as the dark and simple room was pushed away, a strong herbal smell wafted into the nostrils, and a figure could be vaguely seen lying motionless on the bed.

Old man Wu lighted up the vegetable oil lamp distressedly, and by the light, he could see that the person on the bed was a handsome young man.

It's just that the upper body of the young man was locked by a strangely shaped iron chain, his face was frighteningly pale, and even in his coma he still frowned, as if he was suffering from pain all the time.

The old man Wu sighed, held up the oil lamp and lifted the thin quilt covering the young man's body, and the shocking scars all over his body were exposed in the air.

The young boy was discovered by the water yesterday morning.

When he was found, he was dying, his whole body was soaked white with water, and his injuries were appalling. He must have been knocked out between the rapids and reefs.

Xie Xi was kind-hearted, and couldn't bear to see death without help, and begged the old man Wu for help.

The old man Wu couldn't refuse the Bodhisattva's kindness, so he had no choice but to bite the bullet and pick the young man home.

His family has long been unable to open the pot, and it is impossible to borrow money for a stranger to ask the doctor to see a doctor, so he can only use some earthy herbs to help the young man heal his injuries.

Originally, old man Wu didn't have much confidence, but he didn't expect the young man's vitality to be so tenacious, and instead of getting worse overnight, his injury stabilized.

The old man Wu quickly helped the young man wash off the old medicine on the injured part of his upper body, and then carefully applied the new herbal medicine.

After finishing his work, he gently wiped off his sweat, and sighed regretfully, "What a handsome young man, it's a pity to have such a good skin. It is estimated that there will be a lot of scars after the injury heals."

After speaking, he gently opened the boy's trousers, and a strong smell of blood burst out. @·No fault first launch~~

The position three inches below the boy's navel was covered in blood and flesh.

The old man Wu lightly applied the medicinal herb to the horrible injury, and said with a wry smile, "Your boy is blessed with a great life, and you almost hurt the ancestral hall of your descendants. I can only help here, old man. Can you recover?" Let the old man decide."

After packing up his things, old man Wu blew out the oil lamp and tiptoed out.

When he returned to the living room, he was already ready for dinner.

It is said to be dinner, but in fact the dishes are pitifully small.

A silver carp was divided into three portions, the head was used to make soup for the young man to replenish his body, the tail was boiled with a lot of algae to make a paste, and the body was saved for tomorrow morning.

This is the dinner for the grandpa and grandson.

Don't think it's shabby, it's pretty good to have stuttering food these days, it's better than those hungry people who don't have enough to eat.

After dinner, he tidied up the dishes obediently, then washed his feet and went to bed.

Old man Wu had a rare moment of free time, picked up his old bong and pipe, sat on the threshold, smoked, and looked at the starry sky in a daze.

In fact, there is one thing that old man Wu has never told anyone, including his lost wife and son and daughter-in-law.

In this water area, there is a king fish!

What is Fish King?

But in all the deep-water old stories, the time is long, and the fish king may be born in it.

Not only does the king fish live a long time, its body size far exceeds that of its peers, and its intelligence is also very high.

When old man Wu went out to fish when he was young, he was lucky enough to witness the fish king.

It was a gigantic monster with a length of more than one foot, hiding under the water, and it could not be compared with ordinary fishing boats.

When he first met Yu Wang, the old man Wu was almost terrified. He was afraid that if he accidentally offended Yu Wang, the ship would be destroyed and everyone would die.

Fortunately, there was no danger in the end, the fish king only swam around the old man Wu for a few laps before fleeing, which allowed the old man Wu to save his life.

For so many years, he has never dared to reveal the secret of the day to outsiders, because he is afraid that the fish king has a spirit, and casual profanity will lead to catastrophe.

And for so long, he thought that the fish king would have died of old age.

It's just that he didn't expect that just the day before he met the young man, he saw the trace of the fish king who had been haunting his dreams again.

This time the distance was closer than last time, and Old Man Wu could clearly see the fish king's big head that looked like a stone mill and was covered with hard scales sticking out of the water.

One person and one fish stared at each other for a long time before the fish king slowly dived to the bottom of the water.

At that time, old man Wu felt in his heart.

An inexplicable feeling arises.

The fish king is very weak, and the fish king is going to die of old age.

Since then, the shadow of King Yu has lingered in his heart like a nightmare, lingering.

Old Man Wu stared blankly at the clear night sky, his thoughts drifted involuntarily.

Thinking of the dead wife, thinking of the unfortunate son and daughter-in-law who died, thinking of the prosperous life of the rich in the city, thinking of the poverty and poverty of working hard for most of my life.

Then think of the cute smiling face of 呶呶 angel.

All of a sudden, a thought came into Old Man Wu's mind that shocked even himself.

Hunt the King Fish!

Once a fish king of this size is successfully hunted down, it must be worth a fortune.

At that time, he won't have to live a hard life with him.

The more I thought about it, the more excited I became, and the sleepiness that I had been drowsy from a tiring day suddenly disappeared.

Dazed, the old man Wu started to turn on the lamp to make a large fishing rod and sharpen the hook and sickle for repairing the knife. For this reason, he did not hesitate to slaughter the old hen that lay eggs at home as bait.

After he was ready, he set off overnight, vowing to rewrite the fate of himself and Beau!

There is a small cliff above the water seven miles away from his house. Tonight is a high tide day. If you cast bait from here, no matter how far downstream you can smell the blood of broilers in the water.

After choosing a place, Old Man Wu began to fix the large fishing rod.

A giant fish like the fish king, he is an old and frail old man who can wrestle with it. If he wants to catch the fish king ashore, he can only use unconventional methods. @

Tired and covered in sweat, I finally fixed the large fishing rod, followed by throwing the cloth bait, and then sprinkled the chicken blood from the upstream, so that nothing would go wrong.

Everything is ready, only the east wind is owed.

As for whether it can be done or not, it depends on whether the old man will save face.

The old man Wu sat down on the bank nervously and began a long and boring wait.

Time passed by little by little, and it was almost dawn, but there was still no movement at all.

Just when old man Wu thought that tonight was doomed to be in vain, he never thought that the bamboo float on the water in the distance would suddenly sink. .


		