

There is a cloud in the "Da Huang Jing": All things in the world, mountains, rivers and rivers, if they have spirits, they will become.

The meaning of this record is that everything in the world has a spirit. This spirit does not refer to a general concept of nothingness, but a real spiritual wisdom.

When mountains, rivers, earth, trees, grass, rocks and other living things have spirits, they can become fine.

The transformation of dead things into fineness is far from being comparable to that of living beings into fineness. The most primitive talent alone is far beyond knowing how far.

However, although dead things are strong, they are too contrary to the harmony of heaven, so the probability of their appearance is extremely rare.

Among them, the strongest is none other than Fenglin, Volcano, Thunder, Water, Snow, Earth and other elements that become fine spirits.

And the water demon is the best of the water-type elves of the Di genus.


Yuan Yutang looked solemnly at the water demon who revealed his true body. He didn't expect that the mastermind behind the scenes would be so powerful that even the rare water demon in the world could recruit his subordinates.

Although the water demon is destined to be a demon, it is completely different from demons.

The heavenly patrons born from the rivers and rivers have no specific form. They are big and small, like a drop of water when they are small, and like a boundless ocean when they are big.

But the water demon in front of him, who has the profound Taoism on Huangquan Road in the Great Demon Realm, is obviously a little different.

I don't know what kind of evil it is, but it actually chooses to live in a carrion body stitched with countless fish skins. The hideous appearance full of holes and splattered scales makes people shudder at the first sight. .

Although Yuan Yutang was secretly shocked, his fighting spirit was rising infinitely.

It had been a long time since he had encountered a comparable opponent, and coupled with the special features of the water monster, he believed that as long as he could defeat the water monster and capture it, he would surely be able to dig out countless useful information from its mouth.

The attack just now against Peng seemed evenly matched, but he knew that the water demon, like himself, was acting with a tentative attacking mentality, and didn't try his best at all.

And the seemingly astonishing smashing of the void in the confrontation is just a coincidence.

Since the birth and evolution of the universe, the space barrier is so strong that it is impossible to smash the void at will without a cultivation base above the earth immortal.

But there is no absolute in everything, the space barrier is solid, but there will be weak points randomly, and some weak points that appear occasionally are even weaker than cicada wings, and even a three-year-old child can smash it without any effort.

The consequences of this situation often cause the person involved to be sucked into the space crack and disappear from the world.

Since knowing these common senses of space, Yuan Yutang has been relieved of the mysterious area in the previous life on the earth where there were always inexplicable disappearances.

And their confrontation just now happened to hit the vulnerable point that just happened, so it caused such a shocking situation, which is nothing special.

After clarifying the situation, Yuan Yutang acted vigorously.

Then came the moment of intense real battle to the death.

The water demon on the other side is not as far-sighted as Yuan Yutang, and its mood at the moment is simply that there is only one left.

anger!

Endless anger!

As a water spirit born as Zhong Tiandi's spirit, and also a high-level creature of Huangquan Road who has stepped into the path of half-immortal, it has always been the one who looks down on the world's heroes, unreasonably leapfrogs and defeats powerful enemies.

Its growth experience can be called an invincible existence in the same realm, and naturally it has developed a supercilious and arrogant character.

Where has it tried not to easily take down creatures whose realm is far lower than it, and that creature is notoriously weak human warlock.

This huge contrast makes it unbearable to be proud.

Angry and furious, it didn't care about the fact that it was only invited to capture Yuan Yutang. It was only thinking about how to torture and kill that hateful human warlock who made him lose face.

"Kuishui supernatural power, formation of thousands of birds and beasts, kill!"

The enraged water demon used his innate talent of sunflower water supernatural power to make a move, and Yuan Yutang was bound to pay a heavy price.

In an instant, the endless waves surging and covering the sky suddenly transformed into thousands of water-shaped birds and beasts, overwhelming

He blocked the ground and rushed towards Yuan Yutang who was coming alone.

Not to be outdone, Yuan Yutang took a deep breath in the face of the ferocious birds and beasts, and the bulging mana in his body exploded instantly, unnecessarily activating the divine power of Tiangang.

What happened next was simply unimaginable.

I saw Yuan Yutang's body suddenly deformed as he rushed forward, his body size swelled wildly, and no one was seen in just a few breaths.

"Roar~"

A mighty and terrifying howl pierced the sky, and then an inconceivably terrifying coercion descended on the place.

That is the unique coercion of a violent monster!

Yuan Yutang actually broke through?

Do not.

That's just an enhanced version of Yuan Yutang's latest comprehension of Tiangang's supernatural power-transformation into shape.

Tiangang's supernatural powers are extremely profound and varied, each of which is unique in the world, and has unlimited potential.

However, there have never been useless magical powers in the world, only useless users who can't use magical powers.

Even the superficial moves of a person with outstanding talent can turn waste into treasure and explode with infinite power, let alone a first-class hero like Yuan Yutang.

He has long been thinking about how to correctly use the seemingly useless auxiliary supernatural powers he currently possesses: how to use the three supernatural powers of vertical golden light, embryo transformation and half-sealed Liujia Qimen.

With the improvement of his realm, he gradually gained a deeper understanding of the Tiangang magical powers that he relied on for survival, and finally got inspired when he recklessly went to Taoxin County to challenge the tiger demon last time, and thus mastered the real use of fetal transformation.

That is - simulation!

Let's talk about the core explanation of the transformation of the womb into a shape: one is a man, one is a woman, one is old, one is young, one is a divine bird, one is a strange beast, and can change everything in the world at will, which can be said to be full of the wonderful changes of the sky. .

Since there are so many changes in fetal transformation and transformation, why should we be obsessed with the furniest camouflage application?

Why can't it be easy to form the original version you want to change, or even stronger than it?

Following the enlightenment-like comprehension, it was as if a door to a new world opened, and Yuan Yutang suddenly saw a vast field that he had never seen before.

It's just that although I have comprehended the use of the mysteries of fetal transformation and transformation, I haven't had time to really test the results these days.

Taking advantage of this rare opportunity, Yuan Yutang couldn't wait to try the true power of transforming the fetus into shape.

Once used, the power is completely beyond Yuan Yutang's imagination.

Unexpectedly, with his cultivation base at the peak of the Realm Realm, he could perfectly imitate the complete demeanor of the tiger demon that was killed, even slightly stronger than the original owner.

But this is already Yuan Yutang's current limit.

But it did not hinder the ecstasy in his heart.

Now that the thinking is right, the road ahead will be extremely smooth.

As long as he continues to improve his cultivation, one day he will be able to imitate the ghost kings, demon kings he has seen, and even the invincible ancient demon king Lan Kun.

"Moo~"

A deep roar interrupted Yuan Yutang's free reverie. When he came back to his senses and took a closer look, he saw a terrifying water bull with a height of ten feet had rushed forward, and was using his pair of sharp eyes to The timid huge horns viciously pressed against the waist and abdomen of the tiger demon itself.

This scene is not uncommon in the collection of animal worlds in previous lives. The bison on the prairie defeated those ferocious carnivorous invaders by means of this tried-and-tested savage bull rush.

Different from ordinary bison, this buffalo is more than ten times more terrifying than a hundred times more powerful.

Once hit by the horns, not to mention the intestines will be pierced, and the body will not be dismembered on the spot is considered a blessing.

Yuan Yutang, who was fighting from the perspective of a beast for the first time, was a little out of place, but it did not hinder his amazing fighting talent.

It was too late and then it was too fast, I saw that the huge tiger demon he transformed seemed to have rocket thrusters installed under the four tiger claws, and it rushed out in an instant.

This leap not only escaped the savage collision of the water bull, but also the tiger tail behind the buttocks was like a water grinder.

Pulling out like a steel whip, the water bull was whipped to pieces in an instant.

The huge tiger demon didn't stop for a moment, jumped into the air suddenly, and killed a huge water vulture that swooped down the next moment.

Yuan Yutang, who had completely adapted to the body of the tiger demon, was extremely excited, roared angrily, and jumped into the thousands of birds and beasts under the howling wind of the demon, and carried out a brutal and bloody massacre.

This one-sided tragic defeat made the water demon's weird face wrapped in seven or eight different fish skins stitched together almost crooked.

The water demon in extreme anger had no chance to think about why Yuan Yutang suddenly subverted his cultivation base from a real person to a human immortal (big demon) ghost gate. He only knew that he would not stop it. The beast was about to be slaughtered by Yuan Yutang.

"Arrogant human child, die to me!"

With a furious roar, the water monster opened up its full firepower, and the surging terrifying monster power even distorted the surrounding light, and the endless waves around it quickly condensed into a hundred-foot-long dragon, flying towards the center of the battlefield with thunderous thunder.

Sunflower Water Supernatural Power—Poisonous Flood Dragon Going to Sea!

Among the Taoist allusions that are the foundation of magical powers in the world, sunflower water has profound meanings in many aspects such as hexagrams, geography, and fate.

The supernatural power that can be named after the sunflower water of the extremely yin water is naturally not in vain.

The many ferocious birds and beasts evolved by the water demon with the supernatural power of sunflower water all existed in real life, but they all died under the hands of the water demon, and they were brutally enslaved by soul restraint after death, but their abilities are not inferior to those in life. The supernatural powers of the ghosts of the tiger demon genus are similar, but they are slightly better than ghosts.

This is the biggest capital of the water monster who is invincible at the same level.

No matter how many water beast souls died, it didn't feel bad, but it couldn't accept the fact that it couldn't crush Yuan Yutang, so it couldn't wait to use the trick of pressing the bottom of the box.

This Baizhang poisonous dragon is the remnant soul of a beast that it obtained by chance. It was a generation of demon kings. Although its soul is not complete, it cannot restore one percent of its invincible strength before it was alive. But within the Great Demon Realm, It is enough to smash vertically and horizontally and crush the Quartet.

It didn't believe it and couldn't take Yuan Yutang down.

Although the idea is sometimes beautiful, the reality often gives a heavy blow.

What happened in the next scene almost didn't scare the water demon into a cold sweat.

It is true that Yuan Yutang is not the opponent of the poisonous dragon now, but the only way to fight the enemy is to fight hand-to-hand.

Facing the magical and poisonous dragon in the invincible fairyland, Yuan Yutang smiled disdainfully, and whispered a prophecy from his huge tiger's mouth:

"Back to the wind and back to the fire!"

Before the words fell, the Invincible Poisonous Dragon before reaching him retreated strangely at a faster speed than when it came, until it disappeared.


		