

On the flesh and blood swamp, Yuan Yutang squatted with the Yan Guoren in his mouth, and said solemnly:

"The muddy water in Lanruo Temple is more serious than I imagined."

Barely calming down, Bai Yun rolled his eyes when he heard the words.

Isn't this nonsense?

The boundary of the small Lanruo Temple is almost turning into a cave of ancient monsters. Anyone with eyes knows how deep the water is here. Do I need to explain it?

Yuan Yutang ignored Baiyun's white eyes, raised his eyelids, looked at Baiyun and said, "You must not have imagined how many forces have gathered here now."

Without waiting for Bai Yun to ask, he gave the answer on his own, counting while counting with his fingers:

"Grandma the tree demon, the 'ghost comprador', the big demon who came here by invitation, the Qingqiu fox big demon who strayed in at both ends... Finally, I heard that there are also a group of demon nuns of unknown origin!"

Bai Yun was shocked when he heard the words.

He had already learned about Lanruo Temple before he came, so he naturally knew that it had been stolen by the tree demon's grandmother, but he didn't expect that even the notorious 'ghost comprador' would also intervene.

'Ghost compradors have always had no treasures, and they have a wide range of ways to do things that hurt nature and reason.

You don't need to think about it to know that those big monsters who appeared inexplicably must have been invited by the 'ghost comprador'.

Otherwise, according to the selfish nature of the monsters, it is generally said that "one mountain cannot accommodate two tigers", and they will hit their brains without taking a shot.

Just now Yuan Yutang naturally explained the origins of the two Qingqiu fox monsters, so this can be ignored.

What Baiyun cares most about is the mysterious demon nun that Yuan Yutang mentioned.

Although there are monks and nuns in Buddhism, in most cases, it is the same as the unspoken rules of the world, and men are respected, so even though there are many scum in Buddhism, most of them are demon monks, and the proportion of demon nuns can be almost considered rare.

Unexpectedly, a group of demon nuns appeared behind Lanruo Temple, so Bai Yun, who is also a member of the Buddhist sect, could not ignore it.

Compared with the ferocious monsters raging in the world, Baiyun is more cruel to those Buddhist scum who do evil.

They used Buddhist methods, but distorted the true meaning of Buddhism, which is simply unacceptable.

Therefore, in the face of monsters, Baiyun always crosses as long as he can. In the end, he really has no other way, so he considers the method of King Kong's angry eyes and thunder.

but!

If he encounters these Buddhist scum, he will clean up the sect without hesitation.

Baiyun was filled with righteous indignation, and his heart was boiling with anger, he temporarily forgot the guilt of committing reckless murder just now.

Yuan Yutang smiled knowingly, he knew this would be the result.

It was only later that his mood immediately deteriorated.

Because he dug out a terrifying conspiracy from the mouth of the three-headed python.

After struggling for a while, Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and said, "Baiyun, we may be in big trouble!"

Bai Yun was stunned, and asked puzzledly, "Why did you say that?"

"Because..." Yuan Yutang said with a ferocious expression, "Seven days later, the group of demons here will hold a ritual of encountering demons, and they are going to use the body of the Nine Yin Girls as a sacrifice for the alien demons to come!"

Bai Yun took a deep breath, and said in a trembling voice with rounded eyes, "The Encountering Demon Ceremony? Is that a very ominous ritual that damages Yin and Virtue? If one is not careful, Yin and Yang will be reversed, and the Three Realms will be overthrown. At that time, all living beings inside and outside the Three Realms will be killed. Are those demons crazy?"

Yuan Yutang said angrily, "They are not crazy, but greedy for profit! Because the strange demons are about to come into the world, they have found the nine-yin girl who is rare in a thousand years, and they are trying to let the strange monsters use the body of the nine-yin girl to be reborn, so that they can Resolve the side effects of the Encountering Demon Ritual!"

"If they succeed in their conspiracy, no, even if they are allowed to successfully perform the Encountering Demon Ritual, it will undoubtedly be a catastrophe!"

"So no matter what, we must stop this huge conspiracy, even if it means death!"

Hearing the words, Bai Yun nodded solemnly, clasped his palms together and said, "Amitabha, since the benefactor has made up his mind, for the sake of the common people in the three realms, this little monk is willing to go all out, even if it is a mountain of swords and a sea of ​​fire, he will risk his life to follow!"

Yuan Yutang laughed wildly, full of arrogance. At this moment, his mind was very smooth, and the heart that suddenly heard the news of his death before

The shadow of management disappeared immediately.

"It's a good brother who risked his life to follow him, and he is indeed my good brother Yuan Yutang has taken a fancy to!"

Yuan Yutang suppressed his laughter, suddenly lowered his face and said, "If that's the case, then let us brothers join forces to wipe out the evil monsters here!"


Demon enchantment, grandma's residence.

The tree demon grandma's ugly face was raised and drawn, and her eyes were coldly staring at the beautiful figure in front of her who was stunned.

After a while, she said indifferently:

"Are you sure you want to volunteer your body to cooperate with the ceremony?"

The words fell to the ground and echoed in the empty lobby, but the slender figure in the veiled hat fell on deaf ears, and the atmosphere was extremely oppressive.

Just when grandma's patience was about to run out, a cold, empty voice sounded from under the veil:

"As long as I can avenge my beloved Lang, I will not hesitate to die!"

After hearing this, grandma lost her anger, and leaned over to play with interest, "Oh, there are such infatuated people in the world? Are you really sure that short-lived species is worth your effort?"

The woman in the veiled hat was like a clay sculpture, and the hollow mechanical voice repeated, "As long as I can avenge Wang Lang, I will spare no expense!"

Grandma jumped up like a naughty boy who got a favorite toy, and laughed like a night owl from her thick red lips, "Okay, it's up to you! I promise you that as long as the strange monster is successfully reincarnated, you will be born." I will personally unscrew the dog's head of the Buddha demon to sacrifice to you husband and wife!"

"It's getting late, little ones, send Xiaoqian down to rest!"

As soon as the words fell, a large group of strange boys with braided shofar horns, round blush on their faces, and green gauze and red bellybands rushed out of the door, giggling and laughing creepily.

Walking around the dumbfounded Xiaoqian like a stubborn monkey, the weird boys worked together to lift Xiaoqian up, bouncing and bouncing the lifeless Xiaoqian out.

After the little demons took Xiaoqian away, grandma murmured sadly to herself, "The world of great struggle is about to begin. All living beings are crying, and people are dying. It is not only a catastrophe, but also a great opportunity. At such a moment, how can I Can you join in?"

"Strange demon, please bless the heavens, and let you be born smoothly!"

"As long as you rule the world, you can interrupt the vast ocean of luck that the human race is blessed with, and then it will be the time for us to come out!"


As the sky was getting brighter, Lan Xi limped back to the inn with the unconscious Chen Changsheng on his back.

Although Yuan Yutang has repeatedly warned that he must not show up easily until he is completely safe, Lan Xi dare not waste time.

You must know that the two big demon Qingqiu foxes who came this time are well-known upper-level figures in Qingqiu country. They are both old demons with more than six hundred years of practice. Will Lanxi not know?

Thinking of Yuan Yutang having to face the two terrifying monsters alone, Lan Ruo was so anxious that she didn't want to wait for a quarter of an hour.

So she carried Chen Changsheng on her back and rushed to Guobei County overnight, and finally returned to the inn after dawn.

And the reason why she came back here after suffering so much was naturally to ask for help.

Today is the day that Yan Chixia and Li Chunyi agreed to meet.

When Lan Xi with disheveled hair carried Chen Changsheng into the inn, everyone was shocked.

The shop waiter is a snobby eye, when he saw Lanxi's refugee-like appearance, he felt disgusted immediately, he pushed forward roughly, and reprimanded in a vicious voice, "Where is the begging woman from, this is not a place for you to come, don't make it dirty, Mr. Where, go, go, go!"

Lan Xi carried Chen Changsheng on his back for such a long time, and had already exhausted all his energy. How could he withstand such a vigorous push and bustle? The next moment, he immediately lost his composure, and fell backwards onto the door steps.

With a touch, the back of his head hit the ground, and with a groan, he passed out.

The diners in the lobby of the inn were no longer surprised, and continued to eat indifferently.

Nowadays, the world is in decline, natural disasters and man-made disasters continue, and a large number of poor people are displaced and become refugees. Such a situation has long been the norm


Not to mention that the folk customs of Guobei County are comparable to Gotham, and such things as sympathy do not exist in the local residents.

It's not bad if you don't hit the rocks, and you still kindly give alms?

Totally non-existent.

Seeing that the lobby was back to normal, the shopkeeper at the counter gave the waiter a wink.

The shrewd shop waiter immediately understood, pretending to be nonchalant and mumbled, "These two people are really, lying at the door in broad daylight, should we still do business?"

As soon as he said that, he started, one arm on each side, picked up Lan Xi and Chen Changsheng, and walked into the back alley.

This scene did not attract the attention of the surrounding pedestrians and diners.

The wretched shopkeeper blinked and blinked. After waiting for a third of the incense burning time, he called the fat proprietress in the back hall to come and see the shop on the pretext of having diarrhea, and ran out in a hurry.

Turning left and right in the intricate alleys, the shopkeeper finally stopped in front of a dilapidated residential house, glanced left and right and no one noticed, then knocked lightly on the door three times.

Soon the door squeaked and opened a crack, revealing the ugly head of the waiter. Seeing the shopkeeper coming, he quickly opened the door and turned sideways to greet him.

After the shopkeeper went in, the waiter hurriedly closed the door, rubbing his hands and standing still with a charming smile on his face.

Seeing this, the shopkeeper snorted contemptuously, took out a copper coin and threw it out.

The waiter in the shop immediately caught it with a smile on his face, and then smiled happily, "Master, the person is in the house, and the villain didn't touch her with half a finger. You can enjoy it slowly. Let's go to the shop to help first. After an hour, we will go to the shop." Come back and clean up."

The shopkeeper snorted haughtily, "Even if you know how to be a man, why don't you get out of here quickly? My lord, I'm going to taste beauties!"

The waiter in the shop hurriedly bowed and backed away when he reached the door, and hesitantly turned around and begged, "Master, we have never seen such a beautiful girl in our age, please don't be too rough and let her go." Can you let us come to be a classy person once in a while?"

The shopkeeper laughed and scolded, "Fuck you, master, you can do whatever you like after I'm comfortable!"

After getting the promise, the waiter left happily.

After the waiter left, the shopkeeper giggled twice, rubbed his hands and winked, and walked into the house.


		