

Qingtian Peak has been passed down for thousands of years, and there is a set of peerless swordsmanship that has been continuously improved, which is famous in history, and it is called "The Sword of Longevity".

The power of this sword technique is astonishing, and if practiced to a high level, it can kill gods and Buddhas.

However, although this set of swordsmanship is powerful, there are few legends about it in the world.

It's all because most of the people who have seen it have died in Huangquan.

In addition, the most commendable thing is the strange move name in "The Sword of Longevity".

From Sword One to Sword Seventy-Nine, the moves are so simple and unpretentious.


"Eight, Flood Dragon Breaks the Moon!"

"Yin~"

In the earth-shattering dragon chant resounding across the universe, a sword light soared into the sky, and a pitch-black one-horned dragon tore through the sword light and came out, overwhelming the world.

"The Great Way of Longevity Sword" was originally Qingtian Peak's untold secret, but Yuan Yutang, a disciple of the Second Devil, knew it well, and judging by his aura, he seemed to be as good as some famous sword cultivators, and he was clearly accomplished!

The secret method was broken, and Red Yasha suddenly turned cold.

"If you resist from the corner, can you still turn the dragon into a dragon?"

After saying that, Red Yasha thrust his palms like knives into his chest without any hesitation, and immediately tore it apart with all his strength.

The entire chest was torn open like paper.

The frightening thing is that under her skin and flesh are covered with dense sharp teeth, and the open wound is like a huge mouth, exuding a terrifying aura.

However, this is not the most terrifying, the next scene is the real horror.

A big blood-red hand protruded from under the huge mouth, then the arm, then the body, the head, the torso, and the legs.

In an instant, Red Yasha seemed to be turned upside down, and turned into a scarlet ghost with horns on its head again.

"A Brief Explanation of the Dafang Guangfo Huayan Sutra" records: There are ghosts in the world, with strange shapes, thousands of changes, and extremely ferocious, and they are called Yashas!

Perhaps this is the true face of Red Yasha.

"Little Niubi, no one has been able to force me to reveal my real body for more than two hundred years. You are amazing!" the blood-red Red Yaksha raised his head and growled, "But don't be happy for too long. You won't give up even if you kill until the world's blood flows like rivers, you just need to remember that there will be countless innocent souls in the world who will die because of you!"

After finishing speaking, Red Yaksha stepped on his feet and shot out like a cannonball.

In an instant, the sword-qi black flood dragon and the red yaksha collided viciously, and immediately broke out in a terrifying fight.

Boom, boom, boom~

The two terrifying ominous creatures, who seemed to be supposed to not exist in the world, fought unreservedly in the air, and the clouds were pulled to form a funnel-shaped cyclone, with strong winds and turbulent air waves.

The terrible movement can still be clearly seen even after more than ten miles away. The mountain people in the distance suddenly heard the terrible thunder and saw the tornado ascending to the sky. @*~~

After half a stick of incense, the cyclone funnel was torn apart suddenly, and a figure fell like a meteor into the mountains and ravines. Obviously, the victory and defeat had been decided.

"Hahaha, I'm the resentful soul Red Yasha who is about to break through Huangquan Road. With you as a mere real person, how can you fight me!"

Above the nine heavens, the victor, Red Yasha, wantonly vented his excitement in a proud posture of looking down on the world.

If one ignores the dense fish mouth-like wounds on her body, perhaps these words will be more convincing.

On a small hill that was about to be plowed flat, Yuan Yutang struggled to stand up from the gravel and dust.

Despite the defeat, there was no look of despair on his face.

Raising his hand to wipe away the blood on his lips, he chuckled and said, "Until the last moment, it's not certain who will win!"

"Did you notice that there is an extra item on your body?"

Red Yasha, who raised his head and laughed maniacally, suddenly changed his face when he heard the words, an ominous premonition rose in his heart, and he hurriedly checked his whole body.

Suddenly.

She touched a foreign object made of metal at the corner of her back, and couldn't help but exclaimed, "Amulet?"

Yuan Yutang smiled grimly and quickly answered, "To be precise, it's a golden talisman—the Thunder Pond Juesha Talisman!"

"Aren't you surprised, are you surprised?"

Red Yasha turned pale with fright, stretched out his hands desperately to scratch his back.

It's a pity that she has a physical body, but she is restricted by her physiological structure, and she will be clasped for a while.

Can't let go of the deadly talisman firmly attached to her back.

"Nine Heavens Thunder, listen to my orders, and be as anxious as the orders of the Great Emperor of Nantian Thunder Prison, and punish evil!"

Yuan Yutang seized the fleeting opportunity and suddenly recited the triggering mantra.

In an instant, the sky and the earth seemed to be frozen, the light went from weak to bright, and skyrocketed rapidly, endless electric arcs were born due to luck, and a radius of a kilometer became a minefield.

"Ahhh~"

Red Yasha rolled and screamed in the rolling thunder.

All the evil things in the world are most afraid of the majestic and violent thunder.

Even if Red Yaksha is a great ghost in the realm of resentful soul Huangquan Road, it is no exception.

Yuan Yutang tried every means to set up such a lore trap, and of course he would not let it go easily, he did not want to instill mana like his life, and he was going to do it all in one fell swoop!

Seeing that he was about to be reduced to ashes by the thunder, the cornered Red Yaksha ruthlessly snarled, "Treacherous villain, do you think you can kill me like this?"

"Look at my 'Blood Escape Dafa'!" "

As soon as the voice fell, there was a flash of blood.

Red Yaksha's body trapped in the thunder pool melted and disintegrated in astonishment, turning into a vast blood light that broke through the blockade of the thunder pool and shot into the distance.

"Monster, leave!"

Of course Yuan Yutang was not willing to let go of the opportunity to kill Hong Yasha, but as soon as he moved, his face suddenly turned pale, his knees softened in vain, and a strong emptiness and weakness flowed through his whole body, and he couldn't help but knelt down immediately.

"Today's revenge, I will keep it in my heart, and I will definitely repay it a hundred times when I have the opportunity in the future!"

Red Yasha fled in embarrassment but did not forget to leave a cruel threat.

Yuan Yutang punched the ground dejectedly, his face full of unwilling frustration.

Thousands of calculations have been made, but they didn't count that Red Yasha has this life-saving skill, which can break through the blockade of the Thunder Pond Juesha Talisman and escape far away.

I am so unwilling!

After the anger passed, Yuan Yutang's heart was replaced by fear.

It is true that after Red Yasha used the "Blood Escape Dafa", his aura suddenly decreased, and his vitality was obviously severely injured, and there should be no danger of doing evil again in a short time.

But beating a snake without dying is three points of crime, and letting the tiger go back to the mountain to harm oneself.

Today, Red Yasha escaped with his life, fearing that there will be endless troubles in the future!

Still overestimating myself...

Sighing faintly, Yuan Yutang laughed helplessly at himself, forced his exhausted body to stagger away.

With such a powerful fight breaking out at this moment, God knows if it will attract other people who want to take advantage of it, so let's leave this place of right and wrong as soon as possible.

Originally, he wanted to insist on getting out of the range of Snake Mountain, but he couldn't hold on halfway, and fell to the ground.

Da Qingniu, who was traveling with him before, went to nowhere, leaving him unconscious in the wilderness.

Time passed little by little, and Da Qingniu had no intention of coming back.

The bloody smell slowly overflowing from Yuan Yutang's body floated into the distance.

soon.


A colorful worm catwalked from the forest.

"Howling~"

An old gray wolf is also watching behind the tree. _o_m

No matter how far or near, there seems to be a shadowy figure ready to move, and a feast of beasts is about to be staged.

And Yuan Yutang, who was fortunate enough to participate in it, played the role of the main dish impressively.

Just when he was about to be dismembered by beasts, suddenly a figure jumped down from the tree and hit the ground to pick up thick dust.

This person has golden curly hair that is as bright as fire, and a pair of beautiful blue eyes that are supposed to charm all living beings are full of murderous intent. He looks around coldly, no matter whether it is the colorful worm that is the king of the forest, or the greedy gray-haired old wolf, Or other beasts that hide extremely deeply, all of them feel trembling in their hearts.

"Humph!"

After a cold snort, all the beasts in the forest were frightened and dared not move, as if they had received an amnesty, they all ran away with their tails between their legs in desperation.

After clearing away the mortal beasts, the man turned his eyes to Yuan Yutang who was still unconscious on the ground.

After a while, the man spoke slowly with a complicated expression, his voice was like pearls falling on a jade plate, extremely clear and sweet:

"Shameless thief, after ten days with you, I finally found a chance, go to hell and repent for the sin of blaspheming the great victim!"

Say.

When he raised his plain hand, he saw a ball of pure white light flashing.

Swipe down suddenly!

Yuan Yutang, danger! !


Thousands of miles away at night, a Taoist temple hidden in the mountains was torn apart by a scream.

"Ah~"

Lan Xi sat up from the bed with sweat profusely.

Not long after, there was a sudden sound of light footsteps outside the door, and then a glamorous nun pushed the door open and came to Lan Xi who was at a loss, and said softly, "What's the matter, Lan Xi, did you have a nightmare?"

Lanxi seemed to trust Taoist Meiyan very much, hugged her, and sobbed in a trembling voice, "Wuuuuuu, Aunt Zijuan, just now, I dreamed about the young master in a dream, dreamed that the young master was killed by a thief, huh Woohoo, I'm so scared~"

Meiyan Daoist Zijuan was stunned, and then gently stroked Lanxi's back, and coaxed with a soft smile, "Silly boy, dreams are the opposite of reality. If you dream that the head of Yuan is in danger, it means that he is blessed with great fortune." ._o_m"

"Really?" Lan Xi raised her head when she heard the words, her beautiful big eyes were full of longing, as if she was very afraid that Taoist Zijuan would trick her.

Taoist Aunt Zijuan smiled lovingly, nodded and said, "How could Auntie deceive Xiao Lanxi? You just need to wait a little longer, and head Yuan will return safely soon."

After repeated good words and persuasion, Lan Xi finally smiled through tears, jumped out of bed with bare feet, hugged the sleeping "Brother Pingtou" from a small nest in the corner of the room, hurried to the gate of Taoist Mountain, and sat on the threshold Looking into the distance.

While gently stroking the hair of 'Brother Flathead', which gradually changed from black and white to purple gold, he propped his chin and muttered in a daze, "Master, you have been away from Lanxi for almost half a year, why haven't you come back~"

"Lanxi misses you so much~"

"Come back soon, son~"

Affectionate murmurs made the priestess Zicuckoo who followed her silently laugh, but her eyes looking at Lanxi became softer.

"There are rumors that Xinyue Fox and Nine-Tailed Fox are not life and death enemies. How can they coexist in such harmony?"

A malicious voice sounded from behind.

Taoist Zijuan heard the words with a sullen face, turned her head and glared coldly at a wandering young man who came out of the shadows, and said coldly, "Hei San, do you want to start a war?"

Seeing that Taoist Zijuan got really angry, the wandering young man quickly waved his hands, and said with a bland smile, "I dare not provoke you, I just came here today to tell you that the master will be back soon, is he going or not?" Stay, you should think about it."

Taoist Zijuan froze for a moment, her face was tangled, but after seeing Lanxi, she seemed to have made a choice. .


		