

The reason why the former Taizun dynasty went from glory to decline was because the founding emperor of the previous dynasty rewarded the heroes and entrusted seventeen kings with different surnames, which led to a big tail, and the rebellion of the kings with different surnames almost ran through the whole process of the Taizun Dynasty. , Greatly consumed countless national power to suppress the rebellion, this is the biggest reason for the decline of the Taizun Dynasty.

The Taizu of this dynasty learned a lesson, and established an iron law from the day the country was founded, and no descendants of the Xiao family could be crowned king.

It's just that, there are many Conglong heroes who have made great contributions to the sky, and there is nothing to seal.

Taizu was nostalgic for the past, and couldn't bear to meet his brothers who lived and died side by side because of this matter, so he found another way and came up with an unprecedented governor's restraint system.

Although the governors of the Nine Realms have the same name as the king with a different surname, they have the reality of a king with a different surname, and they have been hereditary from generation to generation.

Of course, it is impossible for the royal family to be willing to watch the lessons learned from the rebellion of kings with different surnames in the previous dynasty. Therefore, for more than three hundred years, they have sowed dissension and weakened the real governor by various dirty means. After the unremitting efforts of successive emperors, they finally eradicated the seven deep-rooted hereditary Governor, only the most powerful Lingnan and Northeastern provinces dare not easily start troubles.

The hereditary governor is undoubtedly the pinnacle of wealth in the world, but the current governor of Northeast China, Situ Mo, is a strange person.

This eccentricity is not only reflected in the officialdom, even in the hearts of many common people, that high-ranking figure is also a real eccentric.

And Situ Mo's fault lies in his obsession with farming.

It is true that there have been many absurd emperors since the founding of Daxia, including Taoist emperors, carpenter emperors, storyteller emperors, etc., but the absurdity of these emperors was only to satisfy personal desires.

Situ Mo was different. He devoted himself to farming as a dignified governor, with the purpose of promoting better and more advanced farming techniques.

Taikang eighteen years, March seventeenth.

Although the winter in Northeastern Province is long and bitterly cold, it has abundant rainfall and fertile land, which is very suitable for farming.

On the Songnen Plain, seventy miles outside Gyeongju City, a large number of slave laborers are reclaiming new land.

Although the black soil of the Northeast Province is a natural fertile land gifted by God, it cannot hold back thousands of years of fishing. Therefore, from a long-term perspective, reclaiming new land is the first choice.

Today is sunny and sunny, the grass is growing and warblers are flying, which is a rare good weather.

Especially last night when it rained, the soil was moistened by the rain, and the soil was loose, which was a godsend opportunity for reclamation.

There are at least nearly 10,000 servants working on the Nuo Da Plain, and there are nearly a thousand murderous supervisors cruising around, holding big iron whips in their hands. Any servant who dares to be lazy may just pass by with a whip.

People are lazy, and they will always cheat on matters that have nothing to do with them.

Ordinary people don’t understand the good intentions of the governor for future generations. Serving in the army to reclaim new land will only delay their own farming time. Anyway, they only need to serve for half a day every day.

So at this time, there is the meaning of iron whip supervision.

Among the servants whose legs and feet were covered with mud, there was a skinny old man who was very inconspicuous.

His skin is dark, which is obviously the evidence of long-term exposure to the sun. His body is thin, his face is covered with grooves, he is skilled in using farm tools, and his movements are smooth. He is completely the image of a senior farmer.

No one would have thought that this old farmer was Situ Mo, the governor of Northeast Province, the pinnacle of wealth.

"Brother, you can't plow the land like this. Potatoes are a newly introduced substance, so they can't be planted like usual crops."

"First you have to dig a hole, it doesn't need to be too deep, about half a finger deep, then spread a thin layer of new soil and grass gray chicken manure in the hole, then put the bean sprouts with their roots facing upwards, and then cover with a thin layer of soil , you can wait for the buds to germinate and return to the homeland, and this is considered a great success.”

Taking advantage of the break time, Situ Mo kindly imparted his experience to the workers around him.

It's hard to imagine that the iron-blooded governor, who has been in the northern part of the Great Wall for 18 years and has been unable to advance an inch, has such a kind side.

Situ Mo only focused on two things in his life, one was fighting and the other was farming, so even though the Northeast Province was constantly fighting, famine disasters rarely occurred, which can almost be attributed to his ten years of consistent work.

Half a year ago, Situ Mo received the three good reform strategies from Yuan Yutang's unyielding letter, and happily dedicated them to his father.

However, Situ Mo was noncommittal about other suggestions, and only worked hard to promote potato planting.

The reason why corn is not grown is because corn seeds are too difficult to obtain, so they have to specialize in potatoes.

The workers around and the supervision from afar seemed to have gotten used to Situ Mo's approachability.

A gray-haired farmer boldly asked, "My lord, what kind of potato do you think can produce more than 2,000 catties per mu? How can there be such a high-yield grain in the world? Don't let those charlatans fool you." you!"

Potatoes originated in the Western Continent. In fact, they were introduced to China as early as the previous dynasty. Unfortunately, they have not been taken seriously, so the pearl has been dusted.

Yuan Yutang has something to say in the three strategies, not only clearly listing a series of procedures of potatoes from germination, cultivation, yield, storage, etc. Situ Mo has been obsessed with farming for half his life, so he can tell the truth at a glance.

It's just that although he firmly believes in the value of potatoes, no one will believe it easily until there are real results.

Although he had no idea, Situ Mo still replied firmly, "Brother, put your heart in your stomach. Other old men dare not boast, but when it comes to farming, how many people in the world can compare with this old man?" What about it? Whether it’s true or not, we’ll know when it’s harvested in autumn.”

Situ Mo said his words frankly, and the servants could only serve Ruo Guigao.

Soon the one-morning service period was over, and the servants couldn't wait to go home and take care of their fields.

Although the cakes painted by Situ Mo are very beautiful, but they live and live in their own fields, and they must not slack off.

After the servants left, Situ Mo looked at the uneven potato field with some reluctance, just like parents looking at a newborn baby, no matter how hard they looked at it, they couldn't get enough.

After a while, Situ Mo withdrew his thoughts and ordered, "The supervision is dismissed, and the rest of you can pack up and go back."

As soon as the order was given, the servants who had been waiting for a long time immediately acted vigorously.

It didn't take long for three carriages and nearly a hundred soldiers to escort Situ Mo back to Gyeongju.

The reason why Situ Mo put the potato test field seventy miles away was really helpless, because almost all the land around Gyeongju had been sown with seeds, and it was impossible to dig out all the seeds in the field for the experiment, so We can only work harder to cultivate experimental fields in the distance.

The distance of seventy miles is not far, nor is it close. It will take at least two hours to return to Zhoucheng.

After walking halfway, we came to Funnel Gorge.

Funnel Gorge is a natural canyon, about two miles long, wide at the front and narrow at the back, shaped like a funnel, hence the name, and it is also the only way to go north to Gyeongju.

Moreover, Dou Dou Gorge is also a natural defensive barrier. For thousands of years, countless troops who have invaded Gyeongju have retreated in front of Dou Dou Gorge.

Because of the special terrain, there are 500 elite soldiers stationed in Funnel Gorge all the year round.

Being in the hinterland of the Northeast Road, the soldiers would naturally not worry about being attacked, so they headed straight for Dou Dou Gorge.

It's just that halfway through, Shen Feng, the commander of the soldiers, suddenly felt something was wrong.

Shen Feng is the son of the Situ family, he is loyal, he has practiced martial arts hard since he was a child, studied military art, he is both wise and brave, and he has been on the battlefield in his early years and made outstanding contributions, he can be regarded as a general with both wisdom and courage.

It's just that this person has a weird temper, and he doesn't want to be a general without honor, but insists on being a little soldier commander. This is also an unsolved mystery in the officialdom of Northeast Dao.

Gossip less, to be able to serve as the extremely important position of Situ Mo's guard and commander, apart from being loyal and experienced, Shen Feng's martial arts should not be underestimated, as if he was already in the realm of a half-step master.

As mentioned earlier, the martial arts master has many miraculous instincts, the most important of which is the "premonition of danger" of "the prophet of the autumn wind".

Although Shen Feng hadn't really been promoted to Grandmaster, he already had a "premonition of danger".

Just now, he felt a palpitation for no reason.

Instinct is impossible to make mistakes, so he stopped the team without hesitation, ordered everyone to be on alert, rushed to Situ Mo's carriage and reported, "My lord, something is wrong!"

Situ Mo frowned and put down the official document in his hand. After a moment of meditation, he suddenly smiled meaningfully.

"It seems that our wolf cub can't hold back anymore..."

As soon as the words fell, a large number of boulders suddenly rolled down from the cliffs on both sides of the canyon, and the entire convoy suddenly became a mess.

Shen Feng yelled angrily, slapped his saddle and flew away, his fists and feet were like cannonballs, smashing the huge boulder falling towards the convoy in the air, and after landing, he shouted awe-inspiringly, "Who dares to offend the governor, get out and die!"

Situ Mo chuckled, "Old Shen, don't bother, he also knows that the boulder can't hurt us, the purpose is just to trap the convoy."

Shen Feng was startled when he heard the words, he hurriedly looked back and forth, his expression was extremely ugly.

Sure enough, as Situ Mo said, the convoy was blocked by boulders.

"There is no need to worry." The old god Situ Mo said quietly on the ground, "If you dare to pull out your teeth, you will naturally be fully prepared. The old man is just curious about who the assassin is."

"Hahaha, everyone knows that Governor Situ is full of guts, it's really better to meet him than to be famous."

Shen Feng turned his head abruptly, and saw a shadowy figure quietly appearing on the boulder pile behind him, he couldn't help but change his expression, "It's you, Sauron?"

The burly man on the boulder said proudly, "It's my king, Sauron!"

Situ Mo on the carriage smiled silently.

Sauron, whose full name is Sauron Temur Azike, is the lord of the Yellow Banner in the imperial court of the wolf clan, the prince of Shuoguo, the younger brother of the false emperor Tai Taihachi, and also one of the top ten Saktus of the wolf clan. The leader, the peerless master who is known as the number one warrior of the wolf tribe.

Hehe, my son Weiyi (the real name of Situ Shanu, see Chapter 30 of the first volume for details), you are still on the road of no return after all...

To provide you with the fastest update of "I'm in Liaozhai Permit for Longevity" by Dashen Antenna B, so that you can check the fastest update of this book next time, please be sure to save the bookmark!

Chapter 4 Assassination is free to read.




		