

On the third day of October in the 17th year of Daxia Taikang, Yuan Yutang sat on a passenger ship traveling from Taizhou, Sanshan Road, to Yunshu Road, looking at the beautiful scenery on both sides of the bank under the setting sun.

Huang Qisu's work efficiency was extremely high, and within half a month, he negotiated a very feasible plan with Yuan Yutang.

So Yuan Yutang's going here is already the beginning of the plan.

"My lord, the fish soup is ready, hurry up and eat while it's hot."

Just as he was in a trance, an old man nodding and bowing came over and called Yuan Yutang to have dinner with an apologetic smile.

This old man is the owner of the passenger ship, and also the helmsman. He and his wife work together to manage the transportation business, especially the old wife is famous for her fish soup. Yuan Yutang chartered the whole ship because of this.

Yuan Yutang is lucky, since he crossed over, he has never worried about money, so he is a bit like the richest horse in his previous life, he doesn't have much concept of money, and his hands are extremely generous.

The old boatman didn't know the details, and he thought that Yuan Yutang, who had an extraordinary bearing, was the son of a wealthy family. He had been with him all the way and served him carefully, and he didn't dare to relax in the slightest.

In fact, Yuan Yutang was very displeased with the old boatman's flattery, but he couldn't persuade him, so he could only let it go.

After dinner, the setting sun completely submerged the surface, and it was not easy to sail at night, so the passenger ship parked on the shore to rest.

The old couple was used to sleeping at sunset, so they went to bed early.

As the night darkened, the temperature dropped sharply, and snowflakes gradually fell.

Yuan Yutang stood on the deck listening to the wind, his aura was ethereal and deep, as if he might break into the void at any moment.

Ever since the special realization that day, he felt that he was out of place with the environment.

He also asked Huang Qisu this question, but unfortunately even the well-informed Huang Qisu couldn't answer this question.

However, he promised to ask Mr. Huang Qi as soon as he came out of customs. Presumably, there should be an answer by then.

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly, suppressing the mild but annoying sense of repulsion, turned around and returned to the cabin.

The long night is long, but he has no desire to sleep.

After thinking for a while, he found a pen, ink, paper and inkstone, cut the paper, polished the ink, and prepared to write the first letter in his life.

The first person to write a letter was, of course, Lan Xi, whom he regarded as his younger sister.

Although Lan Xi looks mature, but her heart is as pure as a child, she doesn't know how to guard against others, and there is also the threat of the Qingqiu fox country, if she is allowed to live alone, he will not be at ease at all, even if there are differences The beast 'Pingtouge' and the red rabbit shelter are also not acceptable.

Fortunately, Huang Qisu helped him solve this problem.

The descendants of Huang Xian are all over Daxia, even if they don't share the same spirit with the Huang family in the northeast, they will at least inherit the incense and friendship.

In order for Yuan Yutang to take risks without any worries, Huang Qisu has already invited three Huang Jiaxians who are at the peak of the real world to secretly protect Lanxi.

Even though he knew that Lanxi was safe, Yuan Yutang still couldn't help but miss her, Miss Pingtou, and Chitu.

In this helpless world of Liaozhai, only they are Yuan Yutang's real family.

Eloquently wrote a lot of short and trivial words of the parents, told Lanxi not to run around, don't get into trouble, told to take good care of the arrogant Chitu master, told 'Brother Pingtou' to wake up and let him never come to him... Yuan Yutang couldn't help smiling as he browsed, and gently packed the letter paper, and when he arrived at the destination, he asked the boatman to transfer to Shaozhou to deliver the letter.

Taking out the letter paper again, Yuan Yutang began to write the second letter.

This letter is for one of the few close friends, Mian Hulu.

At the time when the situation was urgent and Situ Hongyi wanted to kill him, he had no choice but to retreat and leave without saying goodbye.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

He still feels a little guilty.

I don't know if he married Cao Ying or not. He seems to remember joking about Mian Hulu, and he will give him a big gift when he gets married. I don't know if he missed it.

The whole story of leaving without saying goodbye and the words of guilt and apology are written in the letter. Yuan Yutang also put an additional one hundred taels of gold money order in the envelope, which is right to make up for missing the congratulatory gift for the marriage.

Before, Huang Qisu specially prepared a money order of 10,000 taels of gold for him in order to let him win the bidding for Musk's exit from the court, and it has only cost less than 3,000 taels until now.

It's not that Yuan Yutang is stingy and refuses to give more gift money, but that sometimes too much is too much, which is not a good thing.

With Mian Hulu's current status, it is already very difficult to keep a huge sum of one hundred taels of gold.

He doesn't want to do bad things with good intentions.

After packing up the envelope, Yuan Yutang studied the ink again.

It's just that when he lifted the nib, he visibly froze.

Because the third letter was addressed to his sworn brother Situ Shanu.

The two met on the battlefield and went through life and death. It stands to reason that their relationship should be very deep.

But Yuan Yutang was obviously troubled at the moment.

Why?

Yuan Yutang found that Situ Shanu was not as bright and upright as he imagined.

He participated in almost the entire battle of Tongshan Pass. At that time, the battle was fierce and he had no time to think about it.

It's just that when it was reviewed after the event, Fang felt that there were many doubts.

He suspected that the reason why Naimertai would attack Tongshan Pass with all his strength like a madman, in addition to colluding with Situ Hongyi, it is very likely that Situ Shanu was also one of the instigators.

Since ancient times, power and wealth have been the deadliest poisons in the world, attracting countless ambitious people to succeed one after another. The "Two Poems of Jihai Years" written by Cao Song, a former Tang Dynasty poet, said everything:

Zeguo Jiangshan entered the battle map, Shengmin He Jile Qiaosu.

According to Jun Mo's words to seal the marquis' affairs, one general will succeed and his bones will dry up.

It is rumored that in the First World War, all gods were worried, and the strong troops on both sides of the strait never stopped.

Who knows that the Cangjiang River will always be fine, and there has been a bloody struggle recently.

The innocent lives of the common people are never more valuable than the worthless in the eyes of tyrants and careerists. As long as they can achieve their political goals, they can sacrifice everyone except themselves, and call it a good name for the overall situation.

Fuck the big picture!

Yuan Yutang was so excited that he couldn't help crushing the barrel of the pen, and the tip of the pen dipped in ink fell onto the paper, and the splattered ink bloomed like a plum blossom.

After being stunned for a while, Yuan Yutang shook his head helplessly and cleaned up the table again.

To be honest, he could understand Situ Shanu's mood.

The country is facing internal and external troubles, and the family bears the brunt of the threat of the wolf clan, and the eldest brother regards himself as a thorn in the flesh.

In such an extremely harsh situation, it is understandable for Situ Shanu to do anything, whether it is to stretch his ambitions or simply protect himself.

It's just that understanding is understanding, and it doesn't mean that Yuan Yutang agrees with his cold-blooded way of disregarding human life.

Even when he later went to the Governor's Mansion to recuperate from his injuries, it might be Situ Shanu's trick to plot against Situ Hongyi.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang inexplicably felt a little chilled.

Gently exhaling a turbid breath, Yuan Yutang's eyes became firm again, his wrist holding the pen no longer hesitated, and he was absorbed in the pen, and the pen moved like a snake, with a horizontal stroke, as if the force penetrated the back of the paper, overflowing with a sense of determination.

That's right, this letter can barely be regarded as a letter of righteousness between him and Situ Shanu.

Mutual concept

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Different, there is no guarantee that they will not turn against each other in the future.

That being the case, just forget about each other in the world as soon as possible, and leave a little thought.

[Kill my brother:

Seeing the letter is like meeting, can't my brother be well recently? After the bloody battle at Tongshan Pass, when the brothers did not get together again, I missed them very much. My brother has great ambitions, and my brother respects him very much. Therefore, I offer three good strategies for my brother. If you adopt them, great things can be expected~

I don't have much to ask for, but I hope that my elder brother will be successful in the future and treat the people under his command kindly...

A little gossip, the following is a good strategy for the little brother to think about...]

The faster Yuan Yutang wrote, the more tangled and painful his expression became.

He has a withdrawn and introverted personality, so he has few friends. He believes that Situ Shanu's friendship with him is true, and he really treats him as a brother, but he really can't accept that Situ Shanu will become a cold-blooded hero in the future.

The more he cared, the more painful he would be.

Since he is unable to change Situ Shanu's ambition, he can only do his best to help Situ Shanu achieve hegemony as soon as possible.

I hope this way, there will be fewer murders.

He contributed three epoch-making excellent strategies to Situ Shanu, from military affairs to finance, as long as Situ Shanu dared to adopt his strategies, within five years, the Northeast Army would definitely be the best in the world.

When the troubled times come, the world will be swept away.

He has this confidence.

Because, he is a traverser from the earth! !


One month later, on a snowy day, a fast horse broke the tranquility of Tongshan Pass.

Situ Shanu sat in the study of the General Military Mansion, quietly looking at the letter paper that had just been delivered in a hurry.

After reading it, his heart could not be calm for a long time.

Suddenly, a figure stepped out from the shadow of the study.

He has a childlike face and white hair, with a mean face, and is wearing a chessboard robe intertwined with rice paddies.

Isn't this person the teacher Situ Shanu whom Situ Mo named to kill?

How is he still alive?

Could it be that Situ Shanu dared to disobey Situ Mo, or did he cheat Situ Mo by fake death?

Only Situ Shanu himself knows the truth.

Seeing that the lover's expression was not right, the teacher asked, "Why are you so entangled?"

Situ Shanu didn't speak, but handed the letter to the teacher.

After reading it hastily, the teacher turned pale with shock, and asked in disbelief, "This, is this a trick that that brat came up with?

The three strategies cover the military, government, finances, and military strategy. Based on a strong army and sharp weapons, the army implements the "Infantry Manual", and weapons should be equipped with flintlock guns. Within five years, a new strong army will be added to the Northeast.

The policy of government can refer to the separation of powers, each performing its own duties, vigorously cutting down redundant and bloated officials at all levels, defining functions, reducing labor costs and improving administrative efficiency.

The strategy for wealth should be based on clothing, food and housing. Perfume, high-grade liquor, steel refining methods, and improved textile machines are all ahead of the contemporary technological level, which can ensure that the wealth of the Northeast Province will skyrocket in a short period of time.

This experience, this vision, this kind of whimsical idea, simply overturned the pattern of thousands of years..."

The more the teacher talked, the more excited he became, and holding the letter was like a treasure.

It's a pity that he, who was immersed in his own world, didn't notice that Situ Shanu's face was getting uglier.

Situ Shanu sighed, and came to the window alone, his tiger eyes were slightly red, he stared at the crescent moon and said to himself:

"Brother, did Brother Wei really let you down?"

"Why is this, why is it... judgement??"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		