

"Ling'er hold on, she will definitely be able to escape!"

On the way to run wildly, Yuan Yutang, who had already suppressed the backlash of the "Human Candle Talisman", couldn't help but smile when he heard Bai Ling'er's lovely self-invigoration.

At the same time, she felt inexplicably guilty. She came back to save her with kindness and sacrificed her life. It seemed that the rough behavior towards her before was very inhumane.

After thinking for a while, Yuan Yutang said weakly, "...I'm sorry..."

During the high-speed movement, Bai Ling'er couldn't hear the whistling of the wind for a moment, "What, what are you talking about?"

Yuan Yutang took a breath, and raised his voice slightly with all his strength:

"sorry!"

Bai Ling'er was stunned, stopped in disbelief and looked at Yuan Yutang without speaking.

In this ancient feudal world, men, especially men from wealthy families, would never say sorry, especially to women.

So Bai Ling'er was very surprised, and Tong Xin was inexplicably happy.

Yuan Yutang didn't know what Bai Linger was thinking, but when she saw her stop, she couldn't help being frightened, and hurriedly shouted, "Hurry up, those two ghosts are about to catch up!"

Only then did Bai Ling'er suddenly realize, remembering that she was still on the run, she hurriedly started it up again.

It's a pity that due to this delay, the fast-moving mother-child concentric ghost caught up.

Relying on her rough skin and thick flesh, the mother ghost arbitrarily smashed through the wall and stopped in front of the two, and the son ghost turned into a dark wind again to block the retreat.

"Here, what can we do?"

Bai Ling'er yelled helplessly.

Yuan Yutang sighed faintly, and smiled wryly, "Let me down, I have a way to deal with them."

"You're so hurt, what else can you do?" Bai Ling'er only took Yuan Yutang's words as bragging words, and didn't believe them at all. _o_m

Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling short of breath when he heard the words, and just about to explain, suddenly he couldn't lift his breath, coughing so hard that he couldn't breathe.

Bai Ling'er couldn't bear to escape alone, so she could only muster up the courage to fight against the ghost of the mother and son who is not easy to mess with at first sight.

""The Secret Collection of Mountains and Rivers", the Jedi reach the sky!"

Having tasted the sweetness just now, Bai Ling'er repeated her old trick, carrying the weak power of heaven and earth to revisit the female ghost blocking the way.

"Ahem, no, don't be impulsive!"

Yuan Yutang was taken aback by Bai Linger's reckless behavior, and tried to dissuade him repeatedly.

It's a pity that there is no turning back when the bow is opened, especially when the body repairer pays the most attention to the indomitable momentum, Bai Ling'er immediately collided with the little meat-like mother ghost.

bump!

Amid the violent impact, the mother ghost took two or three steps back, but Bai Ling'er wailed and fell out.

Yuan Yutang cursed inwardly that he was tired, endured the pain and used himself as a meat pad, trying his best to protect the lifeless Bai Ling'er.

Boom!

The two of them piled up and fell to the ground, Yuan Yutang felt that the junior was about to lose consciousness, his throat was sweet, and he couldn't help but spit out a bloody arrow.

"Hahaha, don't run away, obediently let me eat it!"

Zigui took advantage of the gap to enter, and the icy wind moved forward at a high speed, leaving scratches of different shades on the floor and wall.

Yuan Yutang was vigilant against Dasheng, so he had no time to dodge, so he could only roll over and protect Bai Ling'er under him.

Wipe it!

"Woo woo woo~"

The wind was like a knife, and it sliced ​​away a large piece of flesh and blood from Yuan Yutang's back at such a speed that it almost shredded the bones.

Realizing that he had really reached the end of his life, Yuan Yutang shouted sharply without hesitation, "Qui, come out and help me!"

There was an agreement between the two when subduing Mokui, as long as Kui made an unconditional move, Yuan Yutang would set him free.

This is not like the false oath made by deceiving Bai Shanhe at the bottom of the deep pit. This agreement is protected by heaven, and even if Yuan Yutang repents afterwards, Kui can still be free.

The Five Tribulations Demon King is so rare, let alone a precious opportunity to make an unconditional shot once.

If he hadn't been pushed too hard, Yuan Yutang would not have wasted it easily anyway.

However, as long as I imagined that the promise Kui appeared in an instant to turn the tide, it did not appear.

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and said again unwillingly, "Qui, get out, do you still want to be free!!"

When the voice fell, it was like a stone sinking into the sea, and there was no movement at all, as if he was talking to the air just now.

Soliloquy.

The demon king has great supernatural powers and can respond to every thought. It is absolutely impossible that there is a situation where he cannot hear it.

There was no response to the two consecutive calls for help, either Mokui was determined to stand by and watch, or something unexpected happened to him.

No matter what the situation is, it will make things worse for Yuan Yutang.

There was no other way, Kui didn't respond, Yuan Yutang could only use another more precious hole card.

"Lan Kun, get out and help me!"

Last night, it was the demon king Lan Kun's request to compete for the guardian bone of the mountain god that caused the conflict with Bai Shanhe and the others. At that time, Lan Kun promised to save him once at a critical moment.

Now is the time to take advantage of this rare opportunity!

However, what Yuan Yutang didn't expect was that Lan Kun's response was yes, but those words made Yuan Yutang's hands and feet cold.

"Boy, you haven't reached the end of the mountain, so take your time!"

If Lan Kun dares to show himself in front of him at this time, Yuan Yutang promises to give him a resounding post!

Didn't you see that you were about to be cut into a skeleton?

This is also called the end of the mountain?

"Nan Wu, Nan Wu, Nan Wu..."

Just when Yuan Yutang was in despair, a solemn and solemn Sanskrit singing suddenly resounded from the sky and the earth.

Like the breeze blowing across the fields, the great compassion contained in the Buddha's voice quickly heals all negative emotions.

Yuan Yutang forgets despair, forgets pain, is neither sad nor happy, just like being in a great freedom.

The child ghost who was raging suddenly heard the Buddha's voice, and screamed as if encountering a natural enemy, and rushed back to the mother ghost's embrace.

The mother ghost also looked miserable, clutching her ears and moaning in pain.

Outside the Li Mansion, Xu Fang and Bai Shanhe, who were evenly matched in the fight, gave up at the same time, and turned their heads to look at the Juyan Pagoda, the tallest building in the city.

"Hahaha, a wise man will make a mistake if he thinks a lot. I didn't expect that the monk Nagarjuna, who is respected by the world as a wise monk, will also make a mistake one day."

Xu Fang laughed triumphantly, as if he didn't care at all that Master Nagarjuna in the Juyan Pagoda would use his compassionate wishes to neutralize the ghosts that he summoned after more than ten years.

Bai Shanhe's face was gloomy, and he seized the opportunity to attack with all his strength, but unfortunately he was blocked by the annoying phantom of gossip and eight beasts again.

In the past eighteen years, he has been cultivating endlessly, breaking through the realm by leaps and bounds all the way. Although he is only the deputy peak master, his Taoism has already surpassed the real peak master by a lot.

I thought that Xu Fang would be able to kill Xu Fang for revenge, but I didn't expect that Xu Fang could not be dealt with by others in the realm of Immortal Wangxiangtai. This is very uncomfortable.

Bai Shanhe refuses to accept it, and uses all his strength to display the supreme esoteric meaning in the first volume of "Shanhe Secret Collection", vowing to fight Xu Fang, who killed the teacher and monster, for life and death!

Giant Yan Tower, the ninth floor.

Zhizhou Deng Shangchao walked back and forth outside the quiet room with a face full of anxiety.

Even though the Buddha's voice lingered around him, he couldn't resolve the impatience in his heart.

The situation in Tongzhou is in dire straits within a day, and it is in danger of overturning at any time. As the chief official of a state, how can he stand firm?

Although Master Nagarjuna's Dharma is profound, and he promised to do his best to eliminate the evil spirits in the city.

But this is not enough to make Deng Shangchao feel at ease.

Because the situation of evil spirits raging all over the city is really terrifying.

The screams of the unarmed people being slaughtered by the evil spirits seemed to be vivid in his ears, which made him terrified and heartbroken at the same time.

While thinking wildly, suddenly there were noisy footsteps under the stairs.

The remaining ten or so loyal servants drew their knives to protect the frail Deng Shangchao as if facing a formidable enemy.

At this moment, a figure of Ang Zang walked out from the corner.

When everyone saw the face of the visitor, they couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

The person who came was An Feng, the commander of the Tongzhou capital.

But the strange thing is, shouldn't An Feng lead his own soldiers to hunt down evil spirits in the city?

Why did he come to Juyan Pagoda at this time?

An Feng's face was bloodstained, he clasped his fists loudly, and said in a voice like a rainbow bell, "Report to Lord Zhizhou, and the general will live up to his fate, and successfully get what the Lord wants!"

Deng Shangchao was overjoyed when he heard the words, and hurriedly said, "Then send it in quickly, Master Nagarjuna is waiting!"

An Feng saluted sonorously, and pushed the door vigorously to enter.

Until then, Deng. _o_m

Shang Chao felt slightly relaxed.

Looking at the pitch-black sky, he muttered to himself, "I hope the Buddha will be merciful and save the innocent people in the city..."

Unbearable tormented by the Buddha's voice, the concentric ghosts in Li's mansion killed each other frantically.

In the end, the two ghosts merged into one by relying on the monstrous resentment of the mother killing the son and the son killing the mother, turning into a peerless ghost king, and the demon descended on the world.

Xu Fang laughed loudly, the painstaking arrangement of fifteen years finally succeeded, he also repelled the vengeful Bai Shanhe with his serious injuries, and sacrificed his own flesh and blood to the ghost king to help him consolidate his realm.

The king of ghosts has become a powerful force, and even the Buddha's supreme demon-suppressing Sanskrit can't suppress it, and all the evil spirits in the city are swallowed up by him.

Life and death are at stake, and Yuan Yutang and Bai Shanhe, who were seriously injured, can only temporarily put aside their grievances and join forces to fight against the enemy, but it is a pity that the ghost king is so powerful that even with the strength of the two, they are not a combined enemy.

Yuan Yutang desperately asked Lan Kun for help, but was rejected.

Just when they were in despair, a figure suddenly came from Juyan Pagoda and rescued Yuan Yutang and others from the ghost king.

Yuan Yutang was horrified to discover that the person who could fight against the ghost king was Anfeng, a martial artist who was only a master.

Then Zhizhou Deng Shangchao brought people to rescue Yuan Yutang and the others from the dangerous place, and at the same time explained why a mere master warrior could rival the ghost king.

It turns out that Tongzhou City has been enshrining a relic of an eminent monk in the Bodhisattva realm after sitting down.

The reason why Anfeng can inconceivably rival the ghost king is all due to Master Nagarjuna's unsurpassed Dharma. He invited the legendary Buddha Dharma protector Wei Tuo Dharma to possess him. This is the only way to resolve the bad luck.

A battle as strong as a ghost king is no longer something ordinary people can intervene. Yuan Yutang and Bai Shanhe are forced to act as spectators.

Although King Wei Tuo's power is strong, An Feng can't fully exert the power of his dharma body, and gradually falls into a disadvantage in the duel.

Seeing that the King of Ghosts was about to defeat An Feng, Yuan Yutang was suddenly blessed, and ventured to perform a strange technique, forcibly peeling off the Wei Tuo Dharma blessing from An Feng's body.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang erupted with unimaginable power, and with all his might, he slashed the raging ghost king formation on the spot.

Therefore, a strange disaster came to an end.

Many years later, this calamity was also recorded as "Tongzhou Rebellion" by history books!

(The second volume, Pingping in the Chaos is over!). @*~~


		