

At the moment of the scorching sun, there is a small tea shop at the entrance of the street opposite the Li Mansion.

Seven or eight men with unkind faces, dressed as people from the Jianghu, were sitting around a table drinking tea, and Xu Fang was among them.

This is clearly the group of people who just returned from the Li residence. @*~~

Boom!

The sullen muscular man slammed the empty tea bowl on the table, and the sound disturbed the tea drinkers around him.

I saw him muttering angrily, "Grass, what cats and dogs dare to come to Tongzhou to share food these days, are you really deceiving me that there is no one in Tongzhou?"

The partner at the same table smiled knowingly when he saw this.

They were all bullied to the top, so why don't they allow them to make a few afterthoughts?

A middle-aged man dressed as a scribe took a sip of tea, and said slowly, "Ma San, don't be so angry. He has the real ability to bully us local snakes."

The bearded man on the other side also took up the conversation with a smile, "Running the rivers and lakes to make a living is not based on fighting and killing, but on the way of the world. It's a pity that you, Ma San, have lived a life of sinew in vain, ha ha."

These guys kept talking about Ma San, the muscular guy, and almost made Ma San's nose crooked.

Although they seem open-minded, who is not angry?

It was so hard to look forward to a big job, but it was snatched away by that young boy. How can they reason?

Judging from the boy's aura, he must have killed a lot of people in his hands, otherwise he would definitely not have such an astonishing murderous aura.

How dare they provoke this kind of person, so they have to use the reckless man who knows the basics to get rid of it.

People in the rivers and lakes, aren't they just bullying the weak and fearing the hard?

Can't handle that unknown boy, and can't handle you, Ma San'er?

Just when Ma San was about to explode from being teased, Xu Fang, who had been silent all this time, suddenly spoke.

"Hehe, you don't think that one hundred taels of gold is so easy to get?"

These words immediately broke the increasingly gunpowder atmosphere.

The middle-aged literati stroked his beard and smiled, "It seems that our Xu Banxian knows a lot of inside stories. Anyway, the wealth and honor have nothing to do with us. We have nothing to do. Banxian, why don't you tell me in detail?"

Xu Banxian is the nickname given to Xu Fang by people in the Jianghu of Tongzhou. The emphasis is on the word "half", half bucket of water and half.

Xu Fang spent half his life in the rivers and lakes, this little sarcasm was nothing, he smiled calmly and said, "Hehe, the Li family's high-walled compound, how can we small people in Dousheng understand? The old man doesn't know the inside story, but the rumors are slightly Know a thing or two, I wonder if you want to hear it or not?"

The people at the same table immediately showed interest when they heard the words, and some thoughtful people immediately asked Dr. Tea to refill the tea and add pastries.

Don't think that men don't gossip, gossip is human nature, and it can't be changed thousands of years ago.

Seeing that his companions were so enthusiastic, Xu Fang didn't hold back. After drinking a sip of tea, he spoke slowly:

The Li family is one of the largest and most wealthy families in Tongzhou City. They have been rich for three generations. Now they have learned to put on a show in front of people, but there are a lot of bullshit and dirty things behind their backs.

It is said that half a year ago, among the many tenants of the Li family in the 10,000-acre Shanghao paddy field outside the city, a family named Kuang was forced to use his own daughter to pay off the debt because he could not pay the rent.

If you say that old man Kuang is also a weirdo, he was a well-known rascal in Tongzhou when he was young, and he made a living by fighting all day long.

However, although this person has a bad nature, he is extremely filial.

In order to control Mr. Kuang from making big mistakes in the future, the mother at home arranged a marriage for him at all costs.

Although the bride looks mediocre, she is virtuous and virtuous, making her a good match.

Now that the matter has come to this point, Mr. Kuang can only be forced to close the mountain.

However, after living a life of extravagance and debauchery, how could Mr. Kuang bear the boring days of farming in the farm?

So fishing for three days and drying the net for two days is just the norm. Fortunately, my wife takes care of the housework virtuously, so that the family will not be ruined.

However, the good times didn't last long. After Kuang's wife gave birth to a daughter, Kuang's mother suddenly became seriously ill.

In order to treat his mother's illness, Mrs. Kuang, who is very filial, sold the only two acres of Susukida in the family. Unfortunately, the old mother of the Kuang family finally had no way to recover and passed away.

The passing of the old lady seemed to take Kuang away.

The old man has the last bit of backbone, and he has never recovered from it. He spends his life on buying drunk all day long, and has also become addicted to gambling.

Kuang's wife had no choice but to bear the burden of humiliation to maintain this broken family.

However, once a person falls, it is difficult to climb up from the abyss. _o_m

Kuang's wife's hard work not only failed to impress Mr. Kuang, but even worsened. Once Mr. Kwong lost all his money in a gamble, and he was unable to repay the debt, he frantically took his wife to pay off the debt.

The daughter who lived in such a broken family since she was a child has planted a seed in her heart early, no matter what, she must stay away from that drinking and gambling father as soon as possible, otherwise she will be sold into a brothel sooner or later.

So when my daughter was thirteen years old, that is, last year, she fiddled with the spring plowing, which caused the crops that were already dry and not growing well to be harvested directly.

Sure enough, Mr. Kuang used her as rent.

The daughter breathed a sigh of relief for this, and finally escaped from her father's clutches smoothly.

In her opinion, no matter how hard it is to be a maid in the Li family, it is at least better than being a prostitute in a brothel, right?

However, she guessed the beginning, but couldn't guess the ending.

He just pulled himself out of the fire pit, but pushed himself into the deep pit with his own hands, and lost his life because of it.

She had just entered Li's mansion and hadn't lived a few days before her birthday. One night last winter, she was actually defiled by Mr. Li who was drunk and strayed into the room, and she was also pregnant because of it.

Maids from rich families don't have human rights, so it's normal to sell them off and bully them at will.

The bad thing was that the girl was pregnant but kept it hidden, and threatened Mr. Li with her big belly until she couldn't hide it anymore.

I have to say that Kuang Yatou still has a bit of scheming, she wants to use this to get rid of her humble status and become a wealthy concubine.

It's a pity that although she had a good idea, she ignored the cruelty of the big family.

What kind of person is Mr. Li, how can he be threatened by a mere lowly maid, and the old wife is a famous tigress in the city. The three concubines he married in the early years were all tortured to death, and he was even more afraid of that wicked wife. .

So when Kuang Yatou dreamed of flying on a branch and becoming a phoenix, so that she could live a leisurely and leisurely life as a concubine, she was greeted by Master Li's poisonous hands.

Tiger poison doesn't even eat its eggs, but the human heart is thousands of times crueler than demons and ghosts.

Where did Kuang girl think that the fetus in her womb was an entrance ticket to wealth, but unexpectedly it became her death talisman and was drowned in the well.

Since then, there have been frequent incidents of evil in the Li family.

The wine and meat friends were silent for a while, and suddenly burst into laughter.

Among them, Ma San laughed the most. I saw him pointing at Xu Fang with tears in his belly and laughing, "Hahaha, okay, you Xu Banxian, this story is reasonable! It's as if I experienced it personally. You won't tell me that you have been participating in the whole process? Hahahaha~"

Ma San'er spoke everyone's heartfelt thoughts, not afraid that Xu Fang would get angry, and laughed unscrupulously.

Xu Fang seemed to have a very good self-cultivation. Being ridiculed like this, he didn't look angry at all. He put down a few copper coins and left the tea shop with a smile.

Xu Fang didn't stop until he was away from the tea shop, with a sneer at the corner of his mouth, and he muttered in a low voice, "A group of idiots don't even think about how a mere peasant girl can learn tricks."

As he spoke, he looked up at the high-walled courtyard of the Li family, and an intriguing look flashed across his eyes.

"Soon, the magic fetus is about to be born, it is worthwhile for the old man to live here for fourteen years..."

"It's unlucky for you, Yuan Yutang, don't you want to see Monk Nagarjuna? Hehe, this old man will send you to see the Buddha directly!!"

Two flowers bloom, each representing a branch.

Yuan Yutang pushed open the door vigilantly, and suddenly a strange cold cloudy air rushed over his face, making him shiver instinctively.

Is this an ice cave?

Subconsciously, he looked back at the sunny sky, and couldn't help but feel cloudy in his heart.

Although he hadn't met the real master yet, Yuan Yutang instinctively knew that it was not easy based on this rare yin energy.

No wonder it's really tricky for Pixiu merchants to cut their flesh and pay sky-high prices to please capable people to settle the matter! !

It's just that Yuan Yutang's dictionary has never been afraid of words at all. Master Nagarjuna is his only lifeline now, and he can't miss anything!


Thinking of this, the corner of his mouth curled up in a confident arc, and he resolutely crossed the threshold and entered the room.

The attic layout is extremely simple and elegant, with screens, candlesticks, curtains and pendants.

However, in broad daylight, the room was as dark as night, as if the outside light was completely cut off by an invisible barrier.

Moreover, there was a sinister wind lingering in the dark room, and a pungent bloody smell wafted in the air, silently exuding a depressing atmosphere.

Yuan Yutang, who has the ability of night vision, can clearly see that there is a piece of broken flesh and blood on the floor of the hall, which is clearly the remains of the unlucky guy who came to exorcise the demon before.

"Open the door of my east pavilion, sit on my bed in the west pavilion, and wear my old clothes... When the window is arranging the clouds and temples, facing the mirror, post yellow flowers..."

Before Yuan Yutang could start searching, a creepy singing came from upstairs.

In this situation, even the well-informed Yuan Yutang couldn't help shivering.

It's so frighteningly creepy. If this kind of atmosphere is used to make a horror movie, it will definitely be famous in the history of film.

Baring his teeth, Yuan Yutang suppressed the horror in his heart, and walked upstairs cautiously.

As soon as he turned the corner of the corridor, he immediately saw candlelight coming from the window of a room on the second floor.

At the same time, there was that sinister laugh that made the scalp tingle.

"Hee hee, hee hee, the little girl looks so beautiful, I don't know which husband will be cheaper in the future, melancholy, melancholy~"

Yuan Yutang tiptoed to the window lattice, looking sideways through the hollowed-out window lattice.

I saw a slender figure sitting in front of the brass dressing table with bright candlelight in the room, as if dressing up in front of the mirror.

Yuan Yutang moved his gaze to look at the reflection in the bronze mirror, and with just one glance, he felt his blood all over his body freeze, sluggish in place.

It is true that the woman is indeed dressing up, but the props she is dressing up are not rouge and gouache.

She actually used human blood as rouge, and human oil as gouache, to paint a delicate and charming dimple even more ferocious than an evil ghost. .


		