

"...That's right, I shot down Lin Er on purpose."

On the branches of the moon, the Anshan jungle was in a mess, silently telling the fierce fighting between monks during the day.

Yuan Yutang, who was bandaged like a mummy, sat cross-legged on the ground and said calmly.

Baiyun on the opposite side of the bonfire was wearing Yuan Yutang's tattered robes, Baozi's face was as pale as paper, and he coughed uncontrollably from time to time, listening peacefully to Yuan Yutang's secrets of the battle.

Huang Qisu was nowhere to be found, and Zhonglihan's body was nowhere to be seen. Only they, Yuan Yutang and Baiyun knew the outcome between the two.

"... There is a top-secret record in my sect's secret book. In the last years of the previous dynasty, a demon Taoist invented a puppet spell called Baigu Nu.

This method is extremely vicious and harsh. It needs a Tianyin girl born in a cloudy year, a cloudy moon, a cloudy day, and a cloudy day, as a container. First, kill her close relatives, break her bondage, and then humiliate Sanyue in every possible way to condense her resentment.

When the resentment in the container reached its peak, the secret method was used to hang his life, and his flesh and blood were cut alive, and then the first-class corpse was sealed and kept warm for one year.

A year later, if you break the ground and dig the coffin, you will get a non-ghost, non-demon bone slave who is obedient to his words and whose strength is close to that of the resentful soul. "

"Bone Slave was tortured with hatred and pain during his lifetime, and after Dacheng was unearthed, he sighed in anger.

Disastrous Qi is the darkest and most evil Qi in the world. Ordinary people will die if they touch it.

This mouthful of misfortune can make it skin-like, ever-changing, very good at charming and deceiving heaven's secrets. "

Bai Yun wailed and said a Buddha's name in a low voice, then took over the words, "No wonder the Buddha's mind has been hidden from the little monk from outside the mountain, so there is such a reason...

Poor girl with bones, she was tortured inhumanely during her lifetime, and after her death she was refined into a tool for harming others, it's sad, lamentable..."

Yuan Yutang added a few pieces of dry firewood to the bonfire, and then said, "Actually, I was very surprised at first. Zhong Lihan's master level cultivation base cannot be faked. Although he has been pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger to paralyze you and me, he can Hit him into the air, and the strength of the White Bone Girl can be seen."

"Then the question is, why did she act so vulnerable when I fought against Bone Girl?"

Bai Yun smiled knowingly, "Amitabha, the only explanation is that the Bone Girl deliberately showed weakness and secretly communicated with you."

Yuan Yutang nodded and said with a chuckle, "That's right, I don't know what method the Bone Girl used to instill her tragic life experience into my consciousness in an instant, begging to cooperate with me to find an opportunity to assassinate Lin Er."

"Although I don't understand psychic spells, I instinctively judged that what the Bone Girl said was true, so I agreed to her, and this ended in the end when I desperately knocked Lin Er away."

"The Nine Fires Exterminate the World is really scary, even you can't kill it on the spot. With my current strength, I have no chance of winning against it. With it guarding me closely, I can't help Lin Er at all.

So if I want to kill Evil Fang Forest II, I can only do this. "

"And the reason why Bone Girl is controlled by Lin Er is because her remnant soul was sacrificed and sealed into a spine. As long as the talisman bone exists for one day, she will be controlled by others."

"At that time, Lin Er was already scared out of his wits, and I was at the end of my strength. He didn't even know that the real purpose of my desperate approach was to steal the rune bone on his body."

"After the talisman bone is lost, if he flees with the Bone Girl again, the ending is already doomed!"

"The benefactor is not chaotic in the face of danger, great wisdom and courage, the future is bound to be limitless, so good..." Bai Yunjijie praised.

Yuan Yutang twitched bitterly, but did not speak.

This time the ambush and killing situation seems to have passed safely, but in fact the crisis has not been resolved.

Zhong Lihan's strength is unfathomable, with "Raining Rain Sword Manual" ghosts and gods Piyi, even Huang Qisu, the mountain god in the fairyland, failed to take him down on the spot, but was wounded by him and fled in the end.

Such an insidious and cunning master-level master secretly stared at him, and Yuan Yutang felt tired just thinking about it.

And that's not the worst of it.

What really makes Yuan Yutang restless is that the real behind-the-scenes manipulator against him is not the arrogant second-generation Lin Er.

It's Situ Hongyi, the eldest son of the Northeast Governor's Governor!

This is not Yuan Yutang's random guess, but what the Bone Girl saw with her own eyes, and it was also transmitted to him through secret techniques.

The Red Lotus Sect has already colluded with Situ Hongyi secretly, and Situ Hongyi has reached the point where he is regarded as a thorn in the flesh and must be removed quickly.

With his current size, it is impossible for him to defeat Situ Hongyi and the Red Lotus Sect.

Keeping the Northeast Road is undoubtedly a dead end, and we must leave as soon as possible.

A gentleman does not stand under a dangerous wall, and temporary retreat is not cowardice.

An arrow of revenge will surely be rewarded in the future!

After sorting out those complicated clues, Yuan Yutang heaved a sigh of relief.

Don't look at his miserable large area of ​​burns, in fact, it can't be compared with the dark wounds before. It's just a superficial wound. With his current self-healing ability, he will recover in a few days.

"Little monk, I am going to leave the Northeast Road, what are your plans next?" Yuan Yutang asked casually.

Baiyun suddenly lost his mind when he heard the words, and stared blankly at the campfire.

"Little monk?" Yuan Yutang asked in surprise.

Sighing faintly, Bai Yun said slowly, "Little monk, there are two important matters that need to be resolved this time when he is going down the mountain.

First, before going down the mountain, Master Zhang once said that the little monk must go through a catastrophe as soon as possible. The longer the delay, the more difficult the catastrophe will be. In addition, this year there may be noble people to support and turn the disaster into good luck.

Now that the little monk is put to death and reborn, it should be the end of the doom, and there is no need to worry about it in the future. "

Yuan Yutang has always sneered at these muttering Zen machines, without commenting, and waited quietly for Baiyun to say the second thing.

Inexplicably, Bai Yun's eyes were gloomy, as if thinking of something sad, he said in a low voice, "The second thing is to suppress and kill the teacher."

"What? You want to suppress and kill your master?" Yuan Yutang was taken aback, thinking he had heard wrong, and asked in disbelief.

Bai Yun nodded sadly, and slowly talked about a dusty past:

In the tenth year of Taikang, there was a scholar named Chen Jiacuo in Gaozhou, Sichuan-Shanxi Province. He was gifted and intelligent since he was a child, with a wealthy family and a pure nature. He was quite famous in the local area.

Chen Jiacuo has a childhood sweetheart, the two of them hit it off, and they love each other deeply, and they agreed that when he was named on the gold list, eight people would marry him in a sedan chair.

It's a pity that the weather was unpredictable, and the triennial autumn festival was about to be held, but Chen Jiacuo's family was ruined because of the court struggle.

Nearly 80 male members of the whole family were killed, and the female relatives were also sent to the Jiaofang Secretary to be prostitutes for life.

Chen Jiacuo was blessed with great fate, and his benefactor did not want to chill the hearts of his subordinates. Even if his power was greatly damaged after defeat, he still tried his best to protect his last only seedling's life.

However, the death penalty can be avoided, but the living crime cannot be escaped.

Chen Jiacuo was forcibly shaved ordained to become a monk, enslaved, and spent the rest of his life as a monk and slave.

Just when he was the happiest in his life, he was knocked down abnormally. Chen Jiacuo was so sad that he wanted to commit suicide many times.

The reason why he survived is because the person he likes is also a strange woman with the most affection and nature.

In order to encourage Ailang, she did not hesitate to run away from home and live together in a remote mountain ancient temple.

Chen Jiacuo deeply felt the beauty's kindness, and gradually cheered up. Although his daily life as a slave was worse than death, at least he had the hope of life, day and night looking forward to going out to have a tryst with his lover.

Three years later, one morning Chen Jiacuo discovered an abandoned baby in front of the temple gate. Although he was in a precarious situation, the kind-hearted Chen Jiacuo kindly adopted the abandoned baby.

That day the sky was very blue with white clouds, so he named the abandoned baby Baiyun.

There are lovers outside the temple and white clouds inside the temple. Chen Jiacuo gradually regains hope in life.

It's a pity that good luck tricked people, and the cruel fate did not let this poor man go.

The news that the lover followed Chen Giacuo as a couple somehow spread to the family members, and the powerful family members were immediately furious, and sent someone to arrest the lover and return him to his hometown overnight to be tortured.

After Chen Jiacuo heard the news, he tried his best to stop him, but he was a frail scholar, who was no match for his slaves, and he was beaten to death in a short while.

The lover knew that he would not be able to escape death even if he returned to his hometown because he had ruined his family style. In order not to hurt Chen Jiacuo, he chose to kill him on the spot.

Holding his lover's gradually icy body, Chen Jiacuo cried heartbreakingly.

At that moment, his heart seemed to die with the departure of his lover.

The most loving person will be hurt by love, who in the world can escape the grasp of fate?

The kind-hearted Chen Jiacuo had no complaints when his family was ruined, he did not work hard when he was demoted to a monk and slave, and he had no complaints when he was displaced like his lover Cowherd and Weaver Girl.

But now, for the first time in his life, he felt resentment.

This hatred is like a torrential river, which stretches endlessly, and is like the flood of the Yellow River, which cannot be contained.

Losing his beloved, Chen Jiacuo's Buddha heart cultivated by temples for many years suddenly turned black. In extreme grief, he turned into a demon because of love, turned into a Buddha demon, slaughtered all the people on the scene, and then disappeared with his lover's body. trace.


At the end, Baiyun burst into tears and said with a choked voice, "Although the master is a monk slave, he has a very high level of understanding. He has been in the temple for several years, and he has become a self-taught person just by listening to eminent monks' teachings in the fragmented time between work. Even the abbot is often amazed. He was born with wisdom roots, if it wasn't for his status, he might have broken the rules and accepted him as a disciple.

Good luck tricks people, a word of love has ruined his life, and finally fell into the devil's way, and he will never be able to escape. "

"Later, believers often sent news that demon monks often appeared in various places, and they only killed lovers. They have killed countless evils."

"The little monk is not talented. As the only disciple of my mentor, I am willing to help my mentor get rid of it with my own hands, and help him escape the sea of ​​suffering and sink."

Yuan Yutang fell silent after listening.

In a daze, he also recalled that in his previous life on Earth, there was a lover who had been in love for seven years and had a deep affection.

Would she also be heartbroken when she disappeared inexplicably?

Ask what love is in the world, and teach life and death.

Knowing that Baiyun was carrying such a heavy and painful burden, the only thing Yuan Yutang could do was to pat him on the shoulder, and said solemnly, "If you need it in the future, just speak up, and you will do whatever you want!"


		