

The sun is rising in the east, and the soft light shines into the room through the stained glass windows.

Yuan Yutang felt strong light shining on his eyelids in his sleep, and subconsciously opened his eyes.

Looking at the delicate hollow curtains above his head and the antique room, he felt inexplicably separated as if he had been separated from another world.

Ha ha……

It's been almost half a year since I came to Liaozhai World, but I still can't get used to it.

Every day when I wake up, I will subconsciously think that I just had a long and absurd dream, thinking that I am still on the earth.

pity.

After all, it is still disappointing.

Sitting on the bed in a daze, suddenly the door was pushed open, and a pretty maid walked in with a basin of washing water, saw that Yuan Yutang had woken up, and smiled happily, "Good morning, my lord, It seems that this servant came just in time, let this servant help you wash up."

This little maid is called Xiaocui, and it is said that she is a little girl bought by the old housekeeper in Tongzhou more than ten years ago, and she has grown up to be very graceful, so the old housekeeper deliberately arranged her in Situ Shanu's mansion as a housemaid.

It's just that Situ Shanu was obsessed with martial arts and reading since he was a child, and he was busy with military affairs after he got married.

The so-called do as the Romans do, in the ancient world, it was very common for servants to wash and wash. Yuan Yutang was already familiar with the rules of the world, and he didn't make any fuss.

Well, this era has already had the prototype of a toothbrush. The toothbrushes used by ordinary people are mostly made of pig mane, and green salt is mostly used for cleaning teeth. Although it can play a certain role in cleaning teeth, the green salt will corrode the oral cavity over time and cause oral cavity. It is festering, and the pig's mane has a stinky smell that is difficult to remove, which can easily cause nausea.

The rich and the rich pay more attention to it, just like Yuan Yutang’s current toothbrush, the handle is made of ivory, and the bristles are from the tail hair of a tree marten, which is slender, soft and elastic after going through various processes , Wear-resisting and other characteristics, just like exquisite works of art.

The tooth powder for cleaning teeth is even more extravagant, containing a variety of precious spices such as agarwood, musk, frankincense, sandalwood and borneol, and it costs at least five taels of silver every time you brush your teeth.

Whenever Yuan Yutang finishes brushing his teeth, he feels inexplicably a prodigal.

Sure enough, people at the bottom all through the ages have racked their brains to look forward to being a master. This kind of extravagant life is really delicious!

After washing up, Yuan Yutang went to the yard to fight.

Physician Zhang is worthy of the title of medical fairy. After the past few days, Yuan Yutang's serious injury, which required bed rest for seven or eight months, recovered seven or eighty-eight in just over a month.

As long as you don't use mana indiscriminately, you can basically recover in another half a month.

As soon as he came to the courtyard, Yuan Yutang saw a small white figure sitting in the stone pavilion in the center of the courtyard.

The little white figure was sitting cross-legged on a stone bench, facing the rising sun, doing morning lessons.

Yuan Yutang smiled knowingly and didn't bother him. He stretched his muscles and bones, and then began to perform the unshakable ancient Muay Thai 108 moves.

After finishing a whole set of ancient muay thai boxing, he was already sweating profusely. When he came back to his senses, he realized that the little figure who was doing morning class in the stone pavilion just now was squatting in the grass with his hands on his chin and innocently looking at him. Own.

After fetching a clean towel to wipe off the sweat, Yuan Yutang greeted with a smile, "Morning, little monk Baiyun, did you sleep well last night?"

The little monk Baiyun shook his head when he heard the words, his eyes flickered and said, "The life of the benefactor is too luxurious, and it will not be a good thing in the long run. Master has taught the monk before that extravagance eats people's hearts. People outside our generation should not be greedy for the prosperity of the world. Life trains the mind.”

Being taught a lesson by a little guy early in the morning, Yuan Yutang was immediately amused, and said jokingly, "If that's the case, then did you sleep well?"

Bai Yun frowned in distress, struggled for a while before saying, "The monks don't lie, the mattress in your mansion is the most comfortable mattress I have ever slept on, and when I sleep on that mattress, I feel as if I am surrounded by clouds." Among the clusters, I was trembling with comfort, and the quilt was smooth and smelled good, covering my body makes the little monk linger and forget to return."

Looking at Baiyun's more spirited talk, and the cute appearance of his two big innocent eyes glowing faintly, Yuan Yutang knew that even a young monk who pretends to be old-fashioned can't escape the law of true fragrance, so he teased, "That such a comfortable mattress, Does the little monk want to sleep every day? It is agreed that monks will not tell lies, so don’t lie and be dishonest~”

Baiyun's excitement was suddenly suffocated, his little face was twitched, and he replied truthfully with his head downcast, "My little monk, my little monk has indeed thought about it, Amitabha, Lord Buddha, please forgive me for my unintentional anger~"

Yuan Yutang rubbed the little bald head with a smile, and said calmly, "Look, even you yourself can't escape the temptation of extravagance and violated the precept of anger, not to mention my strengths in the world, here are bits and pieces of my past, how can I say Let it go, let it go, and follow you to the ancient Buddha with the blue lamp in the ancient temple in the deep mountains?"

"However, you, the benefactor, are full of spiritual light and energy. You are a rare Buddhist figure in a hundred years. It would be a great sin not to convert to my Buddha if you are so good~" The little guy still refused to give up, bitterly Advise each other.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but smile wryly.

Well, the little monk is out of cure, let's give up the treatment...


Three days ago, it was the day when Mengshuang's soul returned to take revenge on Wangjiacun.

In the evening, after dinner, Yuan Yutang set off for Wangjia Village, ready to help Menhulu solve the disaster of the Mengshuang clan.

Unexpectedly, not long after leaving the city, he unexpectedly encountered a strongman blocking the way on the dirt road leading to Wangjia Village.

Yuan Yutang was startled at that time.

You must know that this is a suburb of the capital city. Even though most of the outside world is in chaos, the security around Gyeongju City is still guaranteed.

I didn't expect there to be a strongman blocking the way here, it's outrageous. Mom opened the door for outrageous, outrageous home!

Those three strong men in ragged clothes and fierce faces were holding hatchets and axes. Seeing Yuan Yutang's extraordinary appearance, they thought they had encountered a big fat sheep, so they prepared to sharpen their knives and rush at the fat sheep.

As a result, Yuan Yutang killed two of them with his backhand.

It's no wonder that Yuan Yutang attacked fiercely, because the two guys both had sparse eyebrows, swollen meridians on the body surface, black and purple, slightly blood-colored pupils, and sparse teeth in their mouths.

Thin eyebrows, sparse teeth, black tendons, red eyes, cannibalism!

Those two guys absolutely ate people!

It is the duty of the strong to rob and kill, but cannibalism is beyond the bounds.

What is the use of keeping such a man with a human face and a beast heart who has devoid of conscience?

The only remaining dead species was immediately frightened.

Even if he becomes a bandit and specializes in blood-licking business without money, where has he seen such a cruel young man like Yuan Yutang?

The big heads of the two unlucky companions couldn't resist a blow from Yuan Yutang's two slender white palms. The bloody scene was really shocking.

The frightened strongman kowtowed like a onion, crying and saying that he would die in a miserable way, trying to arouse Yuan Yutang's compassion and escape death.

Yuan Yutang couldn't bear the noise, and was worried about wasting time, so he was about to punch him to death.

Unexpectedly, at this time, the strongman mentioned something, which immediately caught his attention.

According to the strongman, they are a group of green forest heroes who occupy the mountains as kings in the neighboring state. They usually rob the rich and help the poor, and they are well-known on the Northeast Road.

Well, the rich probably robbed a lot, but Yuan Yutang has reservations about helping the poor.

The strong man said, about three months ago, a monster suddenly came to Anshan, where their lair was, and occupied their cottage arbitrarily, and even devoured half of their brothers.

Even the leader who killed people like hemp and had outstanding force was eaten alive by the monster on the spot.

Those who survived went down the mountain without a leader, so they could only disband on the spot and go their separate ways.

He and his two unlucky ghost companions lost their way while wandering in the deep mountains and old forests. When they came out, they realized that they had bumped into the boundary of Gyeongju by mistake.

Penniless, in order to fill their stomachs, they can only resume their old jobs.

It's just that I didn't expect to run into Yuan Yutang, the evil star, right after the first business was opened, and the two partners received boxed lunches on the spot. It was a tear-jerking scene of a large-scale car accident.

Hearing that there were monsters making trouble in the neighboring states, Yuan Yutang's eyes lit up immediately.

In his thinking, evil monsters are almost equivalent to walking merit.

He was not the richest horse in his previous life, and he couldn't treat his merits as dung.

Immediately, he couldn't wait to torture the strong man in every possible way, and was ready to cut leeks immediately after healed up from his injuries, ah no, it was to slay demons and demons.

It's a pity that the strong man didn't know if he was overly frightened, and he talked incoherently, one time he said that the monster had three heads and six arms, another time he said that the monster could breathe fire, and another time he said that the monster could fly into the sky and escape from the ground. His words were like storytelling, without any practical value .

Perhaps it was because of the overwhelming desire to survive, the strong man clearly sensed the impatience in Yuan Yutang's eyes, and immediately understood that his information was not enough to redeem a life, so he gritted his teeth and revealed the biggest secret he had hidden.

It is said that the strong man encountered an adventure while wandering in the old forest, and picked up a strange little monk by a small stream.

At that time, the little monk was sitting cross-legged by the stream, as if he fainted from hunger.

But what is miraculous is that when the strong man found the little monk, lotus flowers grew around him at a speed visible to the naked eye. It is extraordinary, so I picked it up and returned to the lair.

The strongman said frankly that if Yuan Yutang was willing to let him go, he would offer that strange little monk with both hands.

Yuan Yutang was shocked again.

According to Qiangren's description, surrounded by lotus flowers, the whole body is transparent, the blood is like golden amber, and the bones are like crystal. This is clearly a great virtuous monk above the level of a Buddhist mage.

How could such an expert fall into the hands of three mere strong men?

Could it be that he encountered some major change and was temporarily in trouble?

Yuan Yutang couldn't figure it out even after thinking about it.

But since he met him, he should take care of it.

Moreover, this strongman is not as heinous as the cannibalism of the two partners, and it doesn't seem to matter if he spares his life.

So he agreed right then and there.

Yuan Yutang was shocked again when the strong man took him to meet the strange little monk himself.

Although the strong man said he was a young monk, Yuan Yutang never thought he would be so young.

Looking at the little lump sleeping soundly on the haystack, this is clearly a five-year-old child who is still young!

Could it be that this little boy is the legendary sorcerer monk?

At that time, Yuan Yutang felt a kind of humiliation of being deceived, and his eyes were not kind, ready to kill the strong man.

Fortunately, the life of a strong man should not be cut off. At the critical moment, the little monk suddenly woke up.

As soon as he saw Yuan Yutang, he was overjoyed and said that he was a natural born child of Buddha and should convert to Buddhism.

Before Yuan Yutang could open his mouth, he babbled on and on for two sticks of incense, trying to persuade Yuan Yutang to shave his hair and become a monk.

Yuan Yutang suddenly couldn't laugh or cry.

In the eyes of the monsters, this little magician with Tianxian in his mouth is like a different kind of Tang Seng, but this little kid in front of him is clearly Tang Seng's own monk!

Later, he couldn't stand the little monk's nagging, and because of the time wasted, Yuan Yutang was afraid that the gourd would be in danger, so he threw him away without hesitation and went straight to Wangjiacun.

Unexpectedly, the little monk came after him in the end, and even saved the troublesome Mengshuang family, preventing Yuan Yutang from being contaminated with cause and effect.

I have to say that good intentions are rewarded.


		