

It was night, at a post station fifty miles away from Tanzhou City, one of the eight states, Yuan Yutang and his party rushed to check in after dark.

With the guidance of Situ Shanu, Yuan Yutang and the others received the utmost hospitality here.

Satisfied with food and drink, in addition to the necessary guards on duty at night, everyone who worked hard all day went back to the house to rest.

Yuan Yutang leaned against the window sill, looking at the rain that was gradually dripping under the night, feeling inexplicably more sad in his heart.

There is a saying: "When the rain hits the plantain and listens to the rain, the way is to have worries and no worries."

Although the rain in early summer is not as valuable as "spring rain is as expensive as oil", it has the unique beauty of "clouds harvest rain and add waves".

Especially in the northwestern part of the Northeast Road where there are many strange mountains.

With a faint sigh, Yuan Yutang was about to go back to bed to rest.

All of a sudden, there was an extremely shrill roar of a beast from far away, and it was like thunder.

Yuan Yutang was shocked, the door of the room was suddenly pushed open forcefully, and Men Hulu held a steel knife in one arm, and rushed to him nervously, vigilant to the left and right, and said anxiously, "My lord, are you alright?"

At this time, there was another dull and long roar, and the sound of fierce fighting could be faintly heard in the air.

The guards who had just undressed and rested hastily put on turtles, broke into Yuan Yutang's room, protected him tightly, and were about to move away without any explanation.

Having just gone through the nightmarish bloody battle at Tongshan Pass, the guards were a little bit overwhelmed, not daring to let the savior Yuan Yutang have even the slightest chance of being in danger.

Yuan Yutang also understood that he was a burden now, and he must not be arrogant, so he obeyed and followed the guards to leave the station quickly.

As soon as he left the gate of the post station, there was a terrifying movement on the ground that seemed like thousands of troops galloping forward.

Everyone was terrified, drew their knives out of their sheaths, and quickly formed an formation to guard against the surrounding fields, making up their minds that if there was danger, they would try their best to protect Yuan Yutang.

This strange movement came too fast, and it was too late to run at this time, it might as well line up in place, maybe there is still a glimmer of life.

rumbling~

There was a terrible sound like the earth shaking from the mountains on the left side of the official road. Everyone could clearly see that from time to time in the forest, the towering trees hugged by several people were broken and thrown away, the dust rose, and the dark night birds fluttered in fright, as if Two prehistoric beasts are fighting to the death in the forest.

All the guards looked very solemn, and they all felt their scalps go numb.

The journey has been safe and sound, and I never imagined that just after entering the boundary of Tanzhou City, there would be a moth.

Forget it, at worst, he gave up a hundred catties of meat, and said nothing would put his benefactor in danger.

The guards had firm eyes, and they were determined to repay Yuan Yutang for saving his life.

"Aw~ roar~"

"Hiss~moo~"

Two continuous and terrifying howls intermingled together, and the movement in the forest intensified, and the flashes of thunder and red lights could be faintly seen.

The guards hung their hearts in the air, their wrists clenched their weapons unconsciously, and their joints turned white due to excessive force.

Just when everyone's emotions were suppressed to the extreme, the terrifying and terrifying movement like a thunderbolt suddenly disappeared out of thin air.

This strong feeling of falling from extreme movement to extreme stillness instantly made them feel as if they were falling from a high altitude, which was extremely uncomfortable.

The wind stopped, the air seemed to be stagnant, and the surrounding fields were eerily quiet.

At this moment, any disturbance is enough to crush their extremely tense nerves.

"Ahhh~"

Suddenly, a panicked scream startled everyone.

Those present were all elite soldiers who had survived a hundred deaths, and they immediately knew that the voice was coming from the gate of the post station.

The two young guards closest to the gate didn't have time to think, and their bodies reacted instinctively. The steel knife in their hands turned into two chains, and slashed at the figure who broke into the gate swiftly and fiercely.

Yuan Yutang's reaction was very quick, and he instantly saw that the person coming was a disheveled post official.

The post official had just been awakened from his sleep and ran out of the house in a panic, but he didn't expect to be met with two fatal stabs as soon as he went out. He was frightened out of his wits and fell to the ground.

The two overreacting guards were too weak to hold back when they were awake.

Seeing that the post official was about to die tragically on the spot.

Suddenly, a figure approached like a vigorous cheetah, and at the very moment, two bang bangs volleyed away the steel knife.

The two guards and post officials stared dumbly at Yuan Yutang, who was like a divine soldier descending from the sky, and were speechless for a while.

Yuan Yutang's thin and thin body shook suddenly, and he was about to fall backward with a whimper.

"My son~"

At this time, the boring gourd arrived belatedly, swooping and gliding, using itself as a meat pad, so as not to let Yuan Yutang fall to the ground.

He hastily picked up Yuan Yutang, who was weak and suffering, and glared angrily at the two careless stunned people.

As a personal bodyguard, he failed to protect Yuan Yutang well, and even caused Yuan Yutang to go into danger to save others, and he couldn't help but fell into deep self-blame.

The rest of the guards also rushed to protect Yuan Yutang.

The two young guards who made their own mistakes were also ashamed, and angrily stepped forward and kicked the postman who was still stupid on the spot.

The postman came to his senses from the pain, and exclaimed without hesitation, "My lords, something serious has happened~ In Qingyang Mountain west of Tanzhou, there lives a strange beast named Thunder Badger. Li, born good at controlling thunder, has a cruel and violent temperament.

Although Thunder Badger has lived in seclusion for many years, dormant in the deep mountains and old forests, but more than ten years ago, he rioted and slaughtered 17 villages. At that time, the Zhizhou lord dispatched a thousand auxiliary soldiers to repel them..."

"The villain is the survivor of the seventeen villages that were massacred at that time. I will never forget the unique cry of the Thunder Badger. Of the two beast cries in the forest just now, one of them is clearly the Thunder Badger!"

"If you don't go to the state city to report as soon as possible, the whole Tanzhou might be destroyed~"

After hearing the postman's words, the guards couldn't help but look at each other, each of them instinctively felt that something was wrong.

Although they do not belong to the defensive auxiliary soldiers of the local sequence, the bounden duty of soldiers is to defend the country.

At this time, they knew that Tangzhou was in great trouble, and it was really impossible for them to turn a blind eye.

However, if he wanted to intervene in this matter, it would inevitably bring risks to Yuan Yutang and violate the promise he made to the Chief Soldier before departure.

Loyalty and righteousness are in a dilemma, but worry about these straightforward soldiers.

Fortunately, they didn't need to struggle for a long time, and the difficulties were easily solved.

Yuan Yutang used force in vain, touched the wounded, almost passed out without pain.

After a while, seeing the distressed faces of the guards, he smiled weakly, "Brothers, although the younger brother is seriously injured, he is not completely immobile. Send two people to rush to Zhoucheng to report the emergency, and the rest Follow me into the mountain to check the situation..."

"My lord..." Mu Hulu immediately said anxiously.

Yuan Yutang interrupted without doubt, "Brother Hu, I have made up my mind, there is no need to say more, let's arrange it."

Men Hulu opened his mouth, but in the end he didn't refute, and sent the two stunned Qings back to Zhoucheng to report the emergency.

The guards lined up in a triangular formation, guarding Yuan Yutang's central area and guarding all directions, and began to search for clues step by step.

The post officials who are most familiar with the environment are forced to work as guides, guiding the way in the triangular formation with mournful faces.

Everyone pushed forward all the way to the depths of the mountain forest. Suddenly, the guards who opened the way in front suddenly raised their fists. The tacit understanding of the guards behind them stopped immediately when they saw this, and cooperated with each other to raise their vigilance.

Men Gourd stepped forward to look, and sure enough, a big uprooted tree fell down in front of it. There were two appalling and terrifying claw marks on the trunk, and there were scorched marks left by high temperature burnt. It was obviously the work of a strange beast.

I just don't know if it was Thunder Badger or another unknown beast.

Knowing that they were approaching a dangerous situation, everyone tensed up.

Poor gourd knew that the danger ahead was unknown, so he took the initiative to ask Ying to be a scout, and without waiting for other people to object, he plunged into the woods.

Everyone proceeded several hundred meters cautiously, when Men Hulu suddenly came back with an extremely strange expression on his face.

"Brother Hu, what did you find?" Yuan Yutang asked solemnly.

Bonk Gourd is not good at words, blunt mouth and clumsy cheeks for a long time before thinking about how to express it, he gritted his teeth suddenly and said, "I am stupid, come with me, my lord!"

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and immediately let the gourd lead the way.

After walking for tens of meters, the lush forest suddenly opened up.

I saw a mess in front of me, the soil was excavated and scorched, there were traces of electric shock and fire everywhere, there were large areas of potholes, and large trees fell sideways, just like the scene of a natural disaster.

The most striking thing is that there is a huge monster crawling not far away.

The monster was nearly two feet long, with black and white hair, and weighed at least seven or eight hundred catties. The most striking thing was that the white hair on the top of its head was short and flat, as if it had been carefully trimmed.

Everyone suddenly saw the true face of the alien beast Thunder Badger, and they were terrified and inexplicable.

But among all of them, Yuan Yutang was the most shocked.

It's just because Thunder Badger's appearance is very similar to the "flat-headed brother" Honey Badger in the previous life on the earth who was "indifferent to life and death, and will do it if he refuses to accept it".

The only difference is that the Thunder Badger looks like an enlarged version of 'Brother Flathead'.

At this time, this mighty beast that could draw a tie with a thousand auxiliary soldiers was dying in a pool of blood. Its body hair was as hard as a halberd. Blood was splattered, and there were more than a dozen fatal wounds on his body, which showed the tragic degree of the battle just now.

The big 'Brother Flathead' with a great reputation is no longer as fierce as in the legend, his eyelids are half-closed and half-opened, and thunderbolts are faintly visible in his pupils.

A few guards stepped forward to check boldly, and found that the large 'Brother Flathead' was indeed on the verge of death, and they couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.

Yuan Yutang squatted down in front of Thunder Badger to observe, while Mian Hulu beside him excitedly described what he had just seen to his colleagues:

"...When I came here just now, I found that Thunder Badger was seriously injured and dying. The strange beast that was fighting against it was also black and white, shaped like a bear, and had a pair of big fleshy wings. It flew away after a few flaps... "

"Brother Hu, please give me the knife!"

Just bragging about being excited, Yuan Yutang shouted suddenly.

Menhulu was stunned for a moment, and without saying a word, he stepped forward and handed the saber to Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, drew the knife in his hand, looked at Lei Badger's unwilling eyes and said, "I know that you have a heart for the unborn cub in your belly, and you are unwilling to die, but life and death are destiny, and I can't promise to break it." Can the post-abdominal cub survive.

Whether you want to give it a try or not is up to you. "

Lei Badger took a deep look at Yuan Yutang, two tears of blood dripped from the corners of his eyes, and nodded indiscernibly.

After getting the consent, Yuan Yutang tried his best to cut open Lei Badger's hard belly, and immediately blood gushed out like pillars.

After some groping, he pulled out a bloody lump the size of a milk dog from the bloody hole.

Lei Badger, whose breath was weakening, raised his head with difficulty to look at the little cub writhing restlessly in Yuan Yutang's hand, his eyes were soft and loving, with unwillingness and nostalgia, and he slowly closed his eyes.


		