

Three people from different camps, who are incompatible with each other, unexpectedly joined forces to fight against the enemy in a dramatic way.

Dasheng Boy is elusive, gliding like a fish, waiting for an opportunity to attack, and can restrain the stone demon's actions to the greatest extent.

Naimertai is unparalleled in tackling tough situations, experienced, and has withstood most of the pressure head-on.

Yuan Yutang wandered around to support him, spending all kinds of spells without spending money, and undertook the output of firepower.

Although the three joined forces for the first time, they unexpectedly cooperated seamlessly, and there was no sign of decline in a short period of time.

Just when the fierce battle was at its climax, a beam of bright light suddenly burst out from the mountain, instantly breaking the balance of the battlefield.


Linglong was full of anticipation, and her eyes frantically looked at the wordless stele that was shining with bright golden light.

Now that the Great Xia Dynasty is in turmoil, the people are struggling to survive, and the signs of troubled times are becoming more and more obvious. People with lofty ideals all over the world are holding their breath and gearing up.

In addition to the magic function of the dragon veins, it also represents a kind of number, a kind of fate! !

As long as she subdues the dragon's veins, she can immediately rebuild the damaged foundation. When the time comes, with the destiny in her body and the blessing of luck, she may be able to rise in the troubled times in the future, and even have a chance to aspire to the supreme position in the world.

The Central Plains has never had a queen since ancient times.

If she can really achieve the unprecedented empress position, she is willing to pay any price!

The golden stele without words is like a pool of running water, quickly deformed and shrunk into a drop of divine light suspended in the air.

I don't know if it lost the suppression of the wordless stone tablet, the magnificent and huge mountain collapsed, and the sky was torn apart, as if the end was coming.

In the midst of landslides and landslides, Linglong suppressed her excitement, and tremblingly stretched out her hand to take the great opportunity that the world dreamed of.

Just when her slender fingers, as white as green onions, were about to touch the crystal water droplets.

Sudden mutation occurred suddenly.

A huge bronze iron fist struck.

Linglong focused all her attention on the water droplets, she didn't expect someone to attack her suddenly, she screamed, and she flew several feet away like a gourd.

Hitting heavily on the mountain wall and then hitting the ground, Linglong opened her mouth and spat out a mouthful of blood, her whole body was in severe pain like falling apart.

Looking up in horror, she saw a huge bronze terracotta figure as tall as an iron tower appearing at the position where she was just now. Those fierce eyes without emotion were staring at her, making her shudder.

Immediately afterwards, something that shocked Linglong even more happened.

A person who should not be here stepped out from behind the tall bronze terracotta warrior.

That person turned out to be Situ Hongyi who was supposed to be dead? ?

how is this possible?

Linglong must be firm and sure that Situ Hongyi was absolutely dead just now.

How can a dead person reappear alive in the blink of an eye?

Linglong couldn't figure out why such an incredible thing happened.

Situ Hongyi had an elegant smile on his face, but his eyes were extremely cold and resentful. Looking at Linglong's horrified expression, he couldn't help but feel relieved, and immediately said with a sneer, "Bitch, do you not understand why my master will come back from the dead?" ? Hahaha, do you think you can kill me??"

As soon as the subject changed, Situ Hongyi showed his murderous aura, and roared through gritted teeth, "I am obedient to you, yet you dare to avenge me and assassinate me?"

"Open your dog eyes wide and take a good look at what this is!"

Say

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

With that, Situ Hongyi took out a damaged crimson talisman from his bosom and threw it viciously in front of Linglong.

"This, this is actually the 'Extreme Death Talisman'?" Linglong shouted in horror.

Situ Hongyi sneered, and said with a sneer, "Even if you have some knowledge, you bitch, you should die in peace now, right?"

We all know that the way of talismans is as profound as the sea, and the darker the color of the talisman paper, the more advanced and mysterious the talisman is.

This shattered crimson talisman is a high-level talisman - the talisman of life and death.

The refining process of this talisman is devoid of conscience, and the conditions of use are extremely harsh, but the effect is extremely overbearing.

If you want to refine this talisman, you need to use the souls of ninety-nine and eighty-one "Mo Yang men" (Note 1) to act as the guts of the talisman, and then outline the talisman with red mandarin cinnabar (Note 2) buried in a mass grave for more than ten years body, and finally put the seal of 'Gabala' (Note 3) on the foot of the talisman. The above three steps are indispensable to draw a complete surrogate for death.

And it’s not just the completion of the talisman. If you want to use this talisman effect, you must find a surrogate ghost who was born in the same year, the same month, and the same date as the user.

Completing the above steps is the real end.

The surrogate talisman does not need to be driven, it just needs to be carried with you, once the host is fatally injured, the talisman will transfer the injury to the surrogate.

From the production to the use of this talisman, every step was extremely harsh and devoid of humanity. I didn't expect Situ Hongyi to hide such a high-level talisman.

Looking at Linglong's ashen face, Situ Hongyi's full of resentment finally eased a lot.

He has always been the only scheming person, but this time he almost suffered a big somersault.

What annoyed him the most was that that bitch Linglong dared to attack him, not only wasting the precious surrogate death talisman, but also trying to snatch the food away, trying to take the opportunity for himself.

No matter what point it was, Situ Hongyi couldn't help but keep her.

"God general terracotta warriors, let me cut off that bitch's head!" Situ Hongyi coldly announced the final judgment.

The tall god general Terracotta Warriors received the order and strode towards the seriously injured Linglong.

Even though Linglong was extremely unwilling, she had no choice but to wait for death on the spot in despair.

God drew the sharp bronze giant sword out of the terracotta warriors, raised it high, and slashed down swiftly.

If there is no accident, the next moment will be the time when Linglong's fragrance disappears and jade dies.

However, accidents always appear inadvertently.

The sword that was supposed to be foolproof was stopped in mid-air by a white jade palm before it fell.

The playful look on Situ Hongyi's face suddenly froze.

It was the powerless Linglong who stopped the terracotta warrior's sure-killing sword?

Do not!

He clearly saw that Linglong was filled with evil spirit in an instant, as if she had changed into a different person, she slowly stood up from the ground.

Far from being able to suppress Linglong, the mighty terracotta warriors were forced to retreat steadily.

"How good would it be for a puppy who killed a thousand knives to die obediently? He insisted on doing so many things, forcing the old man to almost give up all his previous efforts!"

At this time, Linglong's face was full of evil spirits, and what came out of Cherry's small mouth was actually a rough and hoarse old male voice, and an awe-inspiring breath overflowed uncontrollably.

Situ Hongyi gasped, pointed at Linglong in disbelief, and stammered, "You, what kind of monster are you?"

'Linglong' cast a disdainful glance at Situ Hongyi.

only one

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

With just one glance, Situ Hongyi felt his heart beating like a drum, as if countless cold blades whizzed past him.

"This old man doesn't change his surname when he walks, but he doesn't change his name when he sits. That's the case with Jukousou, one of the "Eight Great Aspects" under the eight-faced Buddha seat of the Huanxi Sect!"

Demonic people are as cunning as foxes, selfish and selfish, and cannot believe even a word they say.

How could Jukousou, who is an old demon, be so kind to Linglong who has never met before?

It's showing mercy, escorting and breaking the boundary, and even thoughtfully presenting a good magic weapon.

Everything behind this is not a cover-up for him to occupy the magpie's nest, the purpose is to seize Linglong's house!

As early as when he first met Linglong, he had planted the seed of soul attraction. Once it took root and germinated, Linglong's physical body would be his pocket.

Originally, Jukousou planned to wait for Linglong to seize the control core of the secret realm before showing up. Unexpectedly, Situ Hongyi actually carried the death talisman, so he had to disrupt his arrangement and was forced to show up early.

But it's not a big problem, as long as you kill him again, you won't be able to compete with yourself for a chance.

Situ Hongyi was startled instinctively, and quickly searched for the name of Jukousou, and suddenly a message popped up from his memory, and he was shocked, "Impossible, Jukousao was beheaded by Zhuge Tianji more than three hundred years ago. Since then, the "Bone Eater" of the Huanxi Sect has been suspended, how could you be an old man with a big mouth??"

'Linglong' smiled cheerfully, "I didn't expect you to know the identity of this old man."

As soon as the voice fell, he immediately said silently, "So the old man has been dead for more than three hundred years?"

"God damn Zhuge, you have trapped this old man for more than 300 years. After I get out of this trap, I will kill all your descendants!!"

'Linglong' was furious in vain, a terrifying momentum erupted, flying sand and rocks in an instant, and the situation changed.

After being shocked, Situ Hongyi quickly regained his composure, and said with a smirk, "I don't care if you are a real big mouth old man, but if you dare to compete with me for opportunities, don't blame me for being cruel!"

"Just relying on your pile of scrap metal?" 'Linglong' said dismissively.

"Broken copper?" Situ Hongyi laughed loudly as if hearing a big joke, "I'll show you the true power of so-called broken copper later."

"God will terracotta warriors, the restriction is lifted, kill me!"

Suddenly, a terrifying roar came from the mask of the terracotta warrior who was suppressed so hard. The fine rune lines all over his body were activated like electricity, bursting out dazzling red light. 'It was shocked like an electric shock, and said in a startled voice:

"What a brute force, the power of this bronze puppet is comparable to that of a junior immortal?"

Situ Hongyi sneered when he heard the words, "You are ignorant, there are still many things you don't know!"

The god general's terracotta warriors were ten times stronger than ever before, with a majestic force like a rainbow, and a huge bronze sword waved like the wind, exerting great pressure on 'Linglong'.

When two tigers fight, they must die, and the final showdown to determine the ownership of the chance is about to begin!

(Note 1: Mo Yang male, specifically refers to an old man who has lived to be eighty-one years old, not many days, if he survives the death calamity of eighty-one years, he will live a long life, and if he can't survive, he will die As a vicious ghost full of resentment, Mo Yangnan is extremely difficult to deal with.)

(Note 2: In ancient times, Hongyuan was one of the other names of female sunflowers. This cinnabar requires a pure girl who has not yet menstruated as a cauldron, and the cinnabar is placed in the body temperature to nourish it until the first sunflower tide comes, so it is called red. Mandarin cinnabar.)

(Note 3: Gabala is a unique magic weapon of the secret sect. It is often made of the skull of the golden body of the eminent monk who has attained the Tao. It contains supreme magic power.)

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		