

Tread Tread!

The thunderous sound of hoofbeats shattered the tranquility of the morning, and a red horse running like lightning was galloping across the mountains.

Yuan Yutang resisted the severe pain like tearing, bent down and hugged Chitu's neck desperately, the surrounding scenery was blurred, and the strong wind in the mountains pulled his robe straight.

Chitu has long been psychic, and he can take the initiative to find the way without Yuan Yutang's driving. 'Brother Pingtou' sits on top of Chitu's head as firmly as a rock, with a pair of bead eyes always vigilant. The finished Maotao, sneak in from time to time to take a bite.

Although he had already left the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers far behind, Yuan Yutang did not relax in the slightest.

Because the real mortal danger has never been on the golden-armored Bayara soldiers.

Suddenly, the red rabbit who was running wildly stood up suddenly, and raised its two strong and strong front legs high.

A little bit of cold star lightning struck and sank straight into the ground.

Immediately afterwards, a rapid whistling was heard in the air.

Shh~

Boom!

As soon as the cold star touched the ground, it exploded suddenly.

It's also thanks to Chitu's quick reaction that he raised his legs just right to dodge, otherwise just one blow would be enough to blow him up in the middle.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but stare dumbfounded as he watched the black smoke of earth splashing from below and the smell of sulfur and gunpowder pouring into his nostrils.

This is actually a firearm?

However, if you can avoid the first day of junior high school, you can't avoid the fifteenth day.

Under the rotten morning light, dozens of cold stars gathered like rain, completely blocking any space for Chitu's activities.

Seeing that Chitu and Yuan Yutang were about to be blown to pieces.

Suddenly!

Thunder burst out.

squeak~

The frenzied thunder turned into a giant python, turned into a coiled body, like an iron barrel, covering people and horses layer by layer, blocking all those cold stars who were attacking five feet away.

Boom boom boom~

The sound of violent explosions continued endlessly, and clusters of black smoke lingered.

This miraculous scene was of course created by the 'Brother Flathead' who was born able to control Thunder.

However, although Han Xing blocked everything, the strong fluctuations caused by the explosion made Yuan Yutang and Chitu extremely painful.

One person and one horse had distorted expressions in pain, blood oozing from both ears, staring eyes, and almost fell to the ground.

On a towering tree twenty feet away, there was a blurry figure that almost merged with the treetop, holding a strange firecracker and aiming at Yuan Yutang in the distance.

With a cold smile, the blurred figure suddenly pulled the trigger.

Mana was poured into the strange firecracker along the palm of the hand, and the specially configured high-strength gunpowder was pushed to the limit in an instant. A pointed bullet engraved with small runes was driven by the high-explosive gunpowder and the surge of mana, and it was as fast as thunder. The gun shot out, with a dazzling brilliance, and went straight to Yuan Yutang's head.

It was just a foreplay just now, and he is bound to get this shot!

The speed of this cold gun was so fast that the sound of piercing the air was too late to pass, and it came to Yuan Yutang in an instant.

Yuan Yutang watched in astonishment as the deadly bullet flashing with runes was approaching, but he couldn't do anything.

Immediately there was a muffled pop, and his entire upper body was shattered by the bullet.

Amid the boundless rain of blood, the bullet slammed into the ground with undiminished momentum, unexpectedly forcefully hitting the ground into a large crater nearly three feet in diameter.

This power really makes one's heart palpitate.

When Chitu and 'Brother Pingtou' found out that their master had been attacked and died, they roared in grief and indignation.

The fuzzy figure hid in the shadow under the tree and admired the incompetent fury of the beast and the horse. The corner of his mouth couldn't help raising a sneer again, skillfully reloading the ammunition, and then raising the gun to aim.

For him, there is nothing more emotional than the death of prey at gunpoint.

Just when he was about to pull the trigger again, he suddenly felt chills in his vest.

At the same time, I heard a cold voice that seemed to come from the nether world:

"Got you!"

The man's soul was in a panic, desperately trying to turn the gun and point it behind him.

Unexpectedly, only halfway through the movement, the whole person froze.

He looked down in astonishment, only to see a bloody hand protruding from his left chest, holding a ball of bloody flesh that was still beating.


Yuan Yutang kicked the dead man off the treetop.

Until now his heart is still beating wildly.

In this ancient world of Liao Zhai, where firearms are still in the ascendant, why did a sniper suddenly appear?

The most frightening thing is that this person is actually a warlock, and he also perfectly integrated spells and firearms. He insisted on turning the relatively primitive firecracker into an anti-material sniper rifle close to the earth in his previous life, which really baffled him.

No one in this world is more aware of the threat of snipers than Yuan Yutang who traveled from the earth.

He couldn't imagine the fate of being followed by such a dangerous person on the way to escape.

So when he confirmed that there was a sneak attack by a sniper just now, he immediately used the last Golden Cicada Shelling Amulet, and at the same time used a substitute amulet for camouflage. In addition, the superb performances of Chitu and 'Brother Pingtou' successfully confused the opponent.

Quietly go around and kill with one blow!

Climbing down the big tree with difficulty, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt a sharp pain in his body, and he almost passed out from the pain.

Biting his tongue to stimulate his spirit, he pushed forward and groped for the sniper's body.

The strange art is activated!

From the corpse, he stripped out an original special exercise called "Spot Killing".

"Point Kill" records the identity of this unknown sniper.

His name is Du Feiwu. He was from Tairan Mansion, Anzhou, Sanshan Road. He was in his late forties. He had an adventure in his early years, and he happened to visit Tianji Villa, the temple of cultivating immortals that people dream of. His views were quickly valued by the elders of the teacher's sect, and they were regarded as inner disciples, and they were prepared to focus on cultivating talents.

It's a pity that Du Fei's martial arts skills are not righteous, and he has been secretly in love with his junior sister for many years, and later resented because his junior sister was betrothed to his childhood sweetheart by his master.

Deeply planted with obsession, he accidentally fell into the evil way, and in the end he killed his senior brother with poison, raped and killed his junior sister, and caused a catastrophe.

In order to avoid being hunted down by Tianji Villa, he had no choice but to take refuge in one of the three major cults, the Demon Worship Sect, and become a cold-blooded killer with no conscience.

Du Feiwu is extremely talented. Even though he defected from his master before he came into contact with the core skills of Tianji Villa, he comprehended the profound meaning of firearms without a teacher. A special firecracker with a handle comparable to an anti-materiel sniper rifle—"Dragon Slaying".

Moreover, he also comprehended the way of heaven in the process of making guns, and created his own unique and special skill "point to kill".

Relying on the two big hole cards, Du Feiwu soon became a famous gold medal killer in the world.

"Spot Kill", as the name suggests, is an assassination method that hides behind the scenes and kills with one click. It also describes in detail how to hide and find the figure, how to find the best commanding heights, how to perfectly combine mana and firearms, etc.

Yuan Yutang felt as if he had found a treasure, and hurriedly leaned over to pick up Du Feiwu's body.

It's a pity that although the 'Slaying Dragon' firecracker is in hand, there are not many suitable ammunition left, only seven copies, Yuan Yutang can't help but be disappointed.

No way, the 'Dragon Slaying' firecracker can be attributed to the magic weapon sequence, and the ammunition that can match it will certainly not be a high-end product.

Each gunpowder configuration and projectile is specially made, and it is not an exaggeration to say that it is worth a thousand gold.

If it is not necessary, Du Feiwu will not use the "Dragon Slaying" to perform tasks, because it is too expensive, and the killer can't afford it no matter how quickly he comes.

Over the years, he has only made no more than twenty copies of ammunition. This time, he will bring out all his wealth if the benefactor invites him to sell at any cost.

But unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang would be cheap in the end.

Yuan Yutang rashly attacked and killed Du Feiwu when he was seriously injured, not only exhausting the little mana he had just recovered, but also aggravating the injury.

But it's all worth it.

With the 'Dragon Slaying' sharp gun and "Spot Kill" in hand, he at least has a little bit of self-protection power.


Not long after Yuan Yutang escaped, a large group of people rushed over.

If Yuan Yutang was still there at this time, he would be very surprised.

Because there are three of his old acquaintances in this group of people.

Naimertai, the former leader of the Tushan tribe!

Situ Hongyi, the eldest son of the governor of the Northeast Province!

The jade-faced Rakshasa is exquisite!

The three people who were supposed to be at odds with each other miraculously get together because of him, and I have to say that the world is impermanent.

This group of people seems to be one group, but in fact they are very different.

The group headed by Situ Hongyi has about one hundred people, including strong men in black with obvious military style, and unruly people from the Jianghu.

And Naimertai led all werewolf warriors, about 300 in number. Although most of them wore Xia people's costumes to cover up, it was still difficult to conceal the alien atmosphere.

Four hundred people were walking swaggeringly in broad daylight like this. Once it was leaked, there would undoubtedly be major suspicions of rebellion. Obviously, it was impossible to kill Yuan Yutang for such a simple reason, and there must be another mystery behind it.

Situ, the number one dandy in the Northeast Road, was dressed in brocade clothes, riding a giant war horse that was not inferior to the Chitu, and with the charming Linglong in his arms, he came slowly to the place where Du Feiwu lay dead.

Looking at Du Feiwu's already stiff body, Situ Hongyi sneered disdainfully, "He still worships the top ten gold-medal killers of the Demon Cult, but he's just trying to gain fame. He can't even kill a small mouse. He deserves to lose his life!"

Linglong obediently keeps her head low, but from time to time her pair of beautiful eyes reveal a deep-seated murderous intent.

If you want to say who hates Yuan Yutang the most, even Naimertai can't compare to her.

The hornet's tail is the most poisonous woman's heart.

If it wasn't for her, the person next to the pillow, who kept blowing the wind on the pillow, maybe Mr. Situ wouldn't take Yuan Yutang, a nobody, in his heart at all.

Naimertai rode his horse to Situ Hongyi's side, and said in a deep voice, "Yuan Yutang is nothing more than a clown, and it doesn't matter if he escapes. I would like to advise Mr. Situ, don't trust women's words, and delay the important event. "

When Linglong heard that Naimertai pointed at Sang and scolded Huai, her beautiful eyes shrank in vain, but they were quickly covered up, Jiao Didi was like a harmless canary.

Sensing the strangeness of the beauty in his arms, Prince Situ couldn't help turning his head to Naimertai with a sly smile and said, "Your Excellency, don't forget that this is the territory of the Northeast Road!"

As he said, he circled around with a horsewhip in his hand, and said wildly:

"Every plant, every tree, every mountain and every river here are all surnamed Situ!"

"Whoever I want to die, when to die, how to die, even Lord Hades can't change it!"

"So bro, are you teaching me how to do things?"

Once upon a time when someone dared to be so rude to him, Namurtai burst into anger instinctively, but when he thought of the purpose of this trip, he could only swallow his anger and bow his head, "Don't dare!"

Situ Hongyi accepted it as soon as he saw it, and did not provoke Naimertai too much. He restored Hexi's smiling face and said loudly:

"Just wait for August 15th, the night of the full moon, it will be a good time for you and me to achieve fame and create a great achievement for all generations!"


		