

Two diners who seemed to be insiders left after eating their fill.

Yuan Yutang was thoughtful at the side.

From the conversation between the two just now, he got an important message.

The weird man who unloaded the slut Miss Tang's family last night should be Zhou Xiucai, who was beaten to death by an adulterer.

No wonder its methods are so cruel.

He suffered all kinds of humiliation during his lifetime, and even his most beloved old lady was killed by a poisonous woman because of herself.

There is nothing wrong with turning into a ghost after death and coming back to take revenge.

But there's an anomaly here.

That is, the time for Zhou Xiucai to become a ghost is too short!

Normally, a person will truly become a ghost seven days after death.

But Zhou Xiucai's mother and son were murdered four days ago. In such a short period of time, no matter how much resentment there is, it is absolutely impossible to turn ghosts into revenge so quickly.

Unless there is an expert sorcerer secretly interfering to help Zhou Xiucai shorten the process of transforming the ghost.

Yuan Yutang already had the answer in his heart, but unfortunately there was nowhere to prove it.

Forget it, good and evil will be rewarded in the end, and the poisonous woman of the Tang family has devoid of humanity, so she deserves this retribution.

I am just a passerby, why bother with it?

Laughing at himself, Yuan Yutang returned to his room to rest after breakfast.


Three days passed like a white horse, and soon it was time to make an appointment with 'Bao inquiring'.

Early this morning, as soon as Yuan Yutang came downstairs, he saw 'Bao Dianting' with a folding fan stuck behind his neck, sitting calmly in the lobby, enjoying his meal.

"Hey, little brother is awake, have you eaten, did you have something to eat?"'Bao inquiring' cheerfully greeted Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang readily agreed.

After the two had eaten and drank enough, it was time to talk about business.

'Bao inquiring' took out a silk handkerchief and wiped his mouth, and said with a smile, "I've lived up to my trust, I finally have a clue about what my little brother wants to inquire about."

Yuan Yutang frowned when he heard the words, and said calmly, "Then what do you mean?"

"No, no, no, don't get me wrong, I don't mean to increase the price temporarily."'Bao inquiring' hurriedly waved his hand and explained.

Yuan Yutang twitched the corner of his mouth unmoved, and waited for "Bao inquire" what he would say next.

After deliberating for a while, 'Bao inquiring' said with some shame, "Brother, although there are clues to that matter, it is not yet believed, so I have to ask you to come with me."

"Where are you going?"

"Go meet someone who really knows the answer."


Half an hour later, the two arrived at the government office prison.

Looking at the oppressive and gloomy cell door, Yuan Yutang frowned involuntarily.

'Bao inquired' pretended not to see, and the old god was leading the way in front of the ground.

The two of them entered the prison cell unimpeded all the way, and the guards around them had obviously taken care of it long ago, turning a blind eye to the two uninvited guests.

The hygienic environment of ancient prisons was extremely poor. Moss grew on the thick dirt walls, the air was turbid and stagnant, filled with an indescribable stench, and every cell was overcrowded. God knows how many prisoners were locked up.

These unlucky ghosts haven't seen a stranger visit for a long time. When they saw Yuan Yutang and the others, they swarmed up like hungry wolves and slapped the wooden prison bars frantically, making hoarse and shrill screams. Half human.

The two remained calm, ignoring the crazy and agitated prisoner, and walked along the cramped and damp corridor to the deepest point.

Different from other cells, the innermost cell was a heavy iron door with several arm-thick iron chains tied to the doorknob, as if it was imprisoned inside a ferocious beast.

The two stood in front of the iron gate, 'Bao inquired' raised their hands, and immediately two obsequious jailers ran over to open the gate.

One waited in front of the door after opening it, while the other ran to the nearest cell, and roughly drove over a dozen inmates like ducks.

Yuan Yutang didn't know why, but he didn't ask any more questions.

'Bao inquiring' seems to be very familiar with this place, as if returning to his own home, he strolled in with a face of comfort, and laughed as he walked, "Third Master, Xiao Baozi sees you here, how are you doing recently?"

It's hard to be a 'bao inquiring about it'. He calls himself a little bun at a young age, and he responds no matter what he hears.

Yuan Yutang followed in, and as soon as he set foot in this prison cell, he suddenly felt a creepy sense of fear, as if being stared at by some terrifying monster, and his hairs stood on end.

There is no light in this special cell, and you can hardly see your fingers. You can faintly see a tall figure curled up in the corner. The ground covered with hay is covered with dense unknown bones, and the heavy and oppressive atmosphere is everywhere. .

'Bao inquired' went straight to Mr. Gao and squatted down, and said with a smile, "Third Master, how did you think about what I discussed with you last time?"

As soon as the words fell, there seemed to be an invisible wave of air surging in the dark cell, which immediately frightened the jailer and prisoners.

Yuan Yutang jumped all over his body for a moment, and almost couldn't help but want to make a move.

A master, an absolute master, the strength of that tall figure is unfathomable!

After a while, a hoarse voice sounded in the darkness:

"Ten~three~"

'Bao inquired' was immediately amused, and he turned his head and ordered to the two terrified jailers, "Leave thirteen, and leave the rest."

The two jailers were relieved when they heard the words, pointed out thirteen prisoners, and immediately fled here in a hurry.

Until now, Yuan Yutang is still confused and can only pretend to be calm and wait for the development of the matter.

"Third Master, the little buns you want are ready, please take your time."'Bao inquiring' patted his buttocks and got up and stepped aside.

At this time, Yuan Yutang suddenly thought of a terrible possibility, and was just about to speak.

Suddenly, thirteen crimson tentacles popped out from the ground where the bones and dry grass were mixed together, like a giant python coming out of a hole, they invaded from the prisoner's valley in an instant, and went straight out of the mouth.

"Damn, stop!"

Yuan Yutang was furious, and when he was about to make a move to stop him, a big generous hand suddenly rested on his shoulder.

"Don't disturb the third master's eating pleasure, the consequences will be serious."

'Bao inquired' had a rare dignified expression, and the strong threat contained in his words poured over Yuan Yutang's head like a basin of cold water.

Unexpectedly, 'Bao inquiring' is also a hidden master, who can temporarily suppress Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang glared angrily, and was about to tear himself apart with 'Bao inquiring'.

At this moment.

"Ah~"

"Uh~"

The thirteen prisoners uttered inarticulate and desperate screams, and were sucked to fuck in the blink of an eye.

The tall figure who sucked a lot of fresh flesh let out a satisfied groan, and slowly stood up.

After a crisp snap of fingers, four flames burst out from the four corners of the cell.

Only then did Yuan Yutang really see the appearance of the tall figure, and he couldn't help but gasp.

I saw that it was as tall as a man, a full foot high, as thick as a bear, with a large cloak on his body, and his hair was disheveled, like a savage with a sense of oppression.

If the height alone is not enough to intimidate Yuan Yutang.

The most frightening thing was that the man had grown three heads appallingly, except for the normal one, which grew on two shoulders.

With such an abnormal fear, it is no wonder that he likes to eat blood.

The three-headed weirdo stared at Yuan Yutang, whose face was cloudy and uncertain. The three heads spoke separately:

"I'll listen to the questions."

"I'll figure out the process."

"I'll tell you the answer."

Then they said in unison, "Tell me what you want to ask!"

Yuan Yutang looked at the thirteen corpses that were still warm on the ground, his fists were clenched and the anger in his eyes almost overflowed.

The witness of 'Bao inquiring' couldn't help but said with a wry smile, "This is the three-headed true king who ruled the world fifty years ago. He was born with three heads in one body. There are few secrets in the world that he doesn't know. Since he promised to ask you If there is an opportunity, don't be self-willed, otherwise our lives will be in danger."

As he spoke, he glanced at the mummy on the ground, and 'Bao inquiring' said disdainfully, "This old man is not a person who cares about human life. The reason why I chose these prisoners to sacrifice to the Three-Headed True Monarch is because they all deserved to die."

"The people in that cell just now are all heinous death row prisoners. They have no less than ten lives in their hands. It doesn't matter if they die sooner or later. There is no need to complain about these people."

"If you insist on pitying them, how can you justify the innocent who died at their hands?"

"Young man, you are still too young..."

The earnest explanation of 'Bao inquiring' still worked, at least Yuan Yutang was no longer impulsive.

Good and evil are rewarded has always been his life creed.

If these mummified corpses are really what 'Bao inquiring' said, they really don't deserve sympathy.

Forget it, let's just believe it, if he finds out that 'Bao inquiring' deceived him later, he will know what the price of blood is.

With a cold snort, Yuan Yutang asked the three-headed True Monarch angrily, "I want to know the location of the Tianmen Pavilion, can you figure it out?"

The Three-Headed Lord heard the words, and the three heads all gave out nervous laughs, the left head was listening, the right head was contemplating, and finally the middle head said:

"August 15th, the night of the full moon, seventy miles north of Liangzhou City, Soulless Valley..."

"As scheduled, you can peek into the gate of heaven!"

"The fate is over, see off the guests!"

After speaking, Yuan Yutang felt in a trance for a while.

When I came back to my senses, I found that I was still outside the iron cell, the thick iron door was closed tightly, and the big iron chain on the doorknob was still the same, as if what I saw just now was an illusion.

If it weren't for the fact that most of the prisoners in the nearest cell were missing.

'Bao inquired' took off the folding fan behind his neck, waved it leisurely, and said, "Brother, I have fulfilled your request, and we will be settled from now on."

After a pause, 'Bao inquired' said meaningfully, "Although I don't know what you are looking for in the 'Tianmen Pavilion', for the sake of an acquaintance, I still want to remind you that if it is not necessary, don't It's easy to provoke the 'Tianmen Pavilion'."

"You are not the first person to inquire about the 'Tianmen Pavilion' from the Three-Headed True Monarch, and you will definitely not be the last. That place is extremely dangerous and is known as a restricted area for mortals. So you have to decide what to do."

At the end, 'Bao Dian Ting' cupped his fists and said, "That's all for now, see you again."

After saying that, he strode out, leaving Yuan Yutang to meditate.


		