

The strong wind howled and the torrential rain boiled, like a god descending from the earth.

Yuan Yutang was surrounded by wind and rain, his pupils miraculously showed the color of glass, and it seemed that there was a flash of divine light, which was extraordinary.

Sudden mutations and sudden changes.

Seeing the gust of wind break away, the rainstorm resumed, Yuan Yutang fell straight from a height of several feet, and smashed heavily on the snow stained red by Lin Er's broken corpse.

"Cough cough cough..."

Yuan Yutang rubbed his chest and coughed violently, his little face turned pale, and streaks of blood spilled from the corners of his lips.

It's fun to use magic power to show supernatural powers to kill enemies, but the consequences are a bit unbearable.

The viscera and six internal organs in the body seemed to be burning with fire, and the slightest movement and breathing was like a thousand cuts, and the pain pierced the heart.

Although the injury was serious, Yuan Yutang's heart was unprecedentedly transparent and clear, and he wanted to sing out loud!

This was the first time in his two lifetimes that he killed someone with his own hands. It was not as miserable as described in the movies and TV dramas in his previous life, but he felt extremely happy.

Because what he killed was a shameless beast who killed his brother and mother just to survive!

Such a beast that has no regard for human relations, he will kill each one he sees!

After the excitement, Yuan Yutang's thoughts returned to reality, and he couldn't help feeling a little bitter.

The injury, which was supposed to rest for three months, has now intensified again. It is estimated that it will definitely not heal within half a year, and the premise is that it is still necessary to prohibit the use of mana.

But in today's world, demons are rampant, and people are like rich wolves. Sometimes troubles are not deliberately caused, but troubles are actively entangled.

Can you really not do it for half a year?

Yuan Yutang didn't know.

After resting for a while, Yuan Yutang felt that his injury had improved slightly. Yuan Yutang struggled to get up and began to clean the battlefield.

Linglong looks weak, but she is more decisive than a man. When she saw Yuan Yutang fall from the sky just now, her aura was extremely weak. She didn't wish to take the opportunity to uproot the weeds, but chose to run for her life decisively. Now she has disappeared.

So far, the thirteen members of the hunting team, except Linglong, have all been buried by the deserted Jagar Lake.

Yuan Yutang didn't have the boring kindness to help the monster hunter save the bones.

Those who harm others will always harm them, and since they chose to embark on the road of no return as a demon hunter, they are doomed to end up throwing their corpses into the wilderness one day.

It's just a pity that Linglong ran away, and it's a little regretful that she couldn't do her best to punish the enemies.

However, Yuan Yutang also felt a burst of gratitude while feeling disappointed.

Fortunately, I killed Lin Er in a flash to frighten Linglong, otherwise, as long as she was more courageous just now, I might be in the cold.

As long as Linglong dares to come out to do evil, sooner or later he will find his way, and then the old and new grudges will naturally be settled at once.

It would be even better if he was beaten to death halfway, lest he miss it.

After a moment of self-comfort, Yuan Yutang bent down and picked up a handful of snow from the ground, rubbed his cheeks vigorously to stimulate his spirit, put aside all distracting thoughts, and walked towards Henggong Yu, who was still stiff in place.

Hearing the sound of footsteps approaching, the stiff Hengmao was startled instinctively, and his two fist-sized gray and white fish eyes turned desperately, showing a clear look of horror in the eyes.

On the way, Yuan Yutang picked up a broken knife on the ground and stood in front of Heng Gongyu with deep eyes and remained silent.

With the supernatural power of "calling the wind and calling the rain", he is almost instinctive towards the wind, and because of this, even though the distance is far away during the day, he still heard the conversation between Linglong and Chen Lang through the sound of the wind, and learned that the flesh and blood of the Henggong fish magical effect.

Eat without confusion, destroy the world's falsehood...

As for whether the legend is true or false, you only need to try it to know the true or false.

Yuan Yutang slowly raised his hand to break the knife, ignoring Heng Gongyu's pleading eyes, and waved it down expressionlessly.

Click!

A burst of cold light passed by, and the blood burst out.

Henggong Yu Dou's big head was separated from the body neatly, and the head rolled to the side, with an expression of reluctance to die.

The world is impermanent, and one thing falls one thing.

Who would have imagined that a powerful alien male fish that is invulnerable to swords, guns, water and fire would actually plant on two ordinary ebony plums?

This beast has done many evils, countless innocent people have lost their lives in its mouth over the years, and Yuan Yutang has no psychological burden to kill it.

After solving the biggest hidden danger, the male fish, Yuan Yutang did not rush to cook the fish, but turned around and walked towards the depths of the woods where the hunting team put supplies.

Because there are the ashes of his most important partner Chitu and mentor.

Successfully rescued Chitu who was tied up by Wuhuada and his luggage, the urn was safe and sound, and the stone hanging in Yuan Yutang's heart was finally put down.

Chitu is loyal and has a strong temperament. Last night he sensed that Yuan Yutang was in danger and tried desperately to rescue him. Unfortunately, he was defeated by the demon hunter who had added mana and was captured before he could charge into the camp.

Thanks to the tall and tall red rabbit, the two tigers saw that Lie Xinxi wanted to tame it as a mount, so they were saved from the murderous hands, but they were tied up and transported here together.

If Chitu was killed innocently, Yuan Yutang would be sad for a long time.

Untying the rope on his body, Chitu got up immediately, and kissed Yuan Yutang with his big head. That touch of warmth warmed Yuan Yutang's heart.

To appease the overly frightened Chitu, Yuan Yutang searched on the spot.

A while later, Yuan Yutang found a lot of yellow and white belongings in the salute of Linglong and others, but unfortunately no one was left alive. Linglong was born in Tiantian.

But Yuan Yutang didn't care, being alive was already the greatest luck, so there was no need to worry about external objects.

In addition, seven or eight unknown talismans were found, but it was a pity that Yuan Yutang didn't know the driving formula, so it could only be regarded as better than nothing.

Having said that, I have to mention another extremely bizarre thing.

The mysterious ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" is the chief culprit that caused Yuan Yutang to travel through time, and it is also the greatest guarantee for him to live and work.

After being plotted against by Jie Mai San, Yuan Yutang was most worried about losing the "Tiangang Secret Art".

As a result, when he woke up, most of the belongings on his body were looted, leaving only the close-fitting inner liner and thin pants, and the "Secret Art of the Heavenly Gang" was still lying in his arms.

This made Yuan Yutang feel extremely incredible.

Linglong and the others seemed to be unaware of the existence of "Tiangang Secret Art" from the beginning to the end, otherwise it would be absolutely impossible for Yuan Yutang to return this miraculous treasure.

In view of this, Yuan Yutang made a bold guess.

It seems that no one in the "Tiangang Secret Art" can detect it except him.

Although this guess is bizarre, but the strange things in this world have gone a long way, and this is not bad.

After this battle, Yuan Yutang no longer has to worry about losing "Tiangang Secret Art".


gurgle gurgle~

The iron pot was bubbling and bubbling under the firewood, and there were large pieces of fish floating in the milky white soup. A strong fragrance permeated for miles and miles, and the index finger moved when it smelled it.

Yuan Yutang and Chitu crouched by the campfire, staring at the delicious food in the pot.

This set of cooking utensils is all left over from the caravan. It is a joy to be able to have a mouthful of hot soup on a cold day.

Guessing that the heat is almost ready, Yuan Yutang took out two bowls of hot soup with a wooden spoon, one for Chitu and one for himself.

Chitu was already hungry, so he didn't care about burning his mouth. As soon as he poked his head out, he stuck his mouth out of the bowl and slurped the soup.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help being happy when he saw this, he took a breath first, and suddenly a strange fragrance bloomed in his nostrils, as if instantly refreshed, and even the pain from time to time healed slightly.

"What a miraculous Henggong fish!" Yuan Yutang couldn't help exclaiming, raised the bowl to his mouth, and drank it in big gulps.

The soup was delicious, the fish melted in the mouth, and turned into a stream of heat in the mouth, flowing down the throat into the limbs and bones, instantly exhausting the cold in the body, and at the same time, there was an inexplicable change in the body.

After drinking a large bowl full of hot soup, Yuan Yutang put down the empty bowl unsatisfied, and inadvertently saw Chitu's eyes glowing faintly red in the dark night, like fireflies in the darkness.

Yuan Yutang was startled, and hurried to the mirror-like frozen lake to take a picture. Sure enough, his own eyes shone like a red rabbit, and he saw things at night like daytime.

After thinking for a while, Yuan Yutang felt relieved.

The flesh and blood of Henggong fish are mysterious and abnormal, and it is not confusing to eat it. It should be the magical change after eating the fish.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang's heart became hot, and he hurriedly cut up the meat of the Henggong fish and continued cooking.

It wasn't until dawn that the henggong fish were almost eaten up, and each man and horse felt satisfied.

Even if the meat quality of the Henggong fish does not have the miraculous effect of 'no confusion', the delicious taste alone is something that Yuan Yutang, who was born in the big food empire in his previous life, has never encountered before.

It was so delicious!

Regretfully looking at the Henggong Yu, which only had a skeleton left, Yuan Yutang lowered his eyes in disappointment.

It's a pity that such delicious food is hard to come by. I don't know when I want to eat it again next time.


This place is not a place to stay for a long time, God knows whether Linglong will hide in the dark and ambush.

Yuan Yutang didn't have time to rest, so he rode the red rabbit for more than 30 miles before he dared to stop to rest.

Waking up in the cave, Yuan Yutang found that the outside sky was dark, the wind and snow were blowing heavily, Chitu was lying on his side, sleeping soundly.

Yuan Yutang didn't feel hungry because he ate too much in the morning, so he took out the bong and tobacco leaves and fire pockets left by the sloppy old man from his luggage, sat at the entrance of the cave, and looked at the wind and snow.

Spread the tobacco leaf sac on the lap, use two fingers to pinch a cluster of tobacco leaves, tamp the tobacco pot vigorously, and carefully pour out the water sac, pouring out a little water to moisten the tobacco leaves.

The fire pocket was drawn on the ground, and a flame suddenly lit up, approaching the smoke pot to light it, and Yuan Yutang took a deep breath.

In an instant, the familiar spicy nicotine breath flows in the lungs.

Compared with finely crafted cigarettes, Tuhan Tobacco has a more bitter and spicy taste.

But Yuan Yutang didn't reject it, on the contrary, he was even more addicted.

Pat, clack, bite after mouthful, Yuan Yutang's eyes were blurred, and he seemed to see that familiar slovenly figure holding a wine gourd and drinking heavily, coming to him through the wind and snow, touching his hair with a smile, his eyes were kind and loving .

In a world of bitter cold and no relatives, even though Yuan Yutang is mature, it is still difficult to overcome the loneliness that comes like a tide.

Being alone in a foreign land as a stranger, people who have never experienced it, how can they understand this kind of painstaking loneliness.

Burying his head in his knees, Yuan Yutang murmured dreamily:

"Master, I miss you so much..."


		