

My name is Yuan Yutang, if I hadn't been hijacked while sleeping, I would have believed it! !


"Don't come here, or I'll crush him to death!!"

Yuan Yutang, who was complaining crazily in his heart, suddenly realized something was wrong.

Why do you feel the voice of the masked man in black behind you is so clear and sweet?

This is not the voice a man should have at all. Could it be a female thief?

唰唰唰!

At this time, seven menacing men suddenly jumped into the broken window, and they were caught by the police.

With a hulking back and a full face, the headhunter held a steel knife, and shouted fiercely, "Bold murderer, dare to commit multiple tragedies in Jinyuan Mansion in succession! Don't think that you can get away with taking hostages, you will not escape tonight!"

hiss~

Yuan Yutang gasped, he didn't expect that female thief to be so ruthless, what kind of enmity is there for a series of massacres?

Unexpectedly, when the masked man in black heard the arrester's words, his eyes became impatient, and he repeatedly defended, "You are talking nonsense! I just saw that the big family was rich and unkind, and wanted to steal some money and grain, rob the rich and help the poor, and his family died as soon as I arrived. , don’t accuse me of crimes, you wronged Goodness!”

The head catcher sneered, and said disdainfully, "When will the thief deserve to be called kind?"

After saying this, his face turned cold, and he said sharply, "Except for you, there is not even a fly at the scene of the crime. Who else is the murderer? Don't talk too much, let go of the hostages quickly, and follow the arrester back to the government office to wait for what happens." !"

Yuan Yutang clearly felt that the female thief behind him was trembling with anger, but she couldn't refute it, and it was hard to tell.

Yuan Yutang was startled when he felt that the hand on his neck tightened more and more.

After waking up, he found that his whole body was on the verge of being useless, and his muscles were shriveled. It must be the sequelae of forcibly using the top-grade talisman Leichi Tiansha Talisman in the secret realm of Tianmen.

Now he is almost no different from a useless person, so where is there room for resistance?

His life was in the hands of the female thief, he didn't dare to act rashly, and hurriedly tried to save himself.

Naimertai in the next room is hopeless.

It is impossible for him, who has the cultivation base of a world-shattering master, not to notice the movement here.

The only explanation for not showing up for so long is that the old man was holding back his energy to watch the show.

Originally, the two had an unresolved grudge, and it was a blessing that Naimertai didn't fall into trouble, and he was moody now, how dare Yuan Yutang put his hopes on him?

People tend to be reckless when they are excited. If the female thief is forced to look anxiously, maybe she will really choose to pull her back.

Moreover, officials in ancient times generally regarded human life as worthless. Yuan Yutang would not naively think that these domineering police officers would let the female thieves go because they were afraid of being hostage.

In this way, the only breakthrough for self-help has been found.

Just when the smell of gunpowder was getting stronger and the arresters were about to be unable to hold back, Yuan Yutang hurriedly shouted, "Everyone, be safe and don't be impatient, just listen to me!"

No one expected that the hostage Yuan Yutang would speak at this time, so he was stunned.

The head catcher came back to his senses, his face suddenly darkened, he took off the bronze medal around his waist and shook it at Yuan Yutang, regardless of whether he saw it clearly, he said in a deep voice, "This head catcher is a gold medal patrol with six doors. I know that Your Excellency is worried about your own safety, but as a citizen of Great Xia, you should have the awareness to sacrifice your life for righteousness."

"No matter what, this head catcher can't let the murderer go because of you. If you die unfortunately, this head catcher will try his best to help you get compensation from the government, so I'm offended!"

Say

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Just want to greet the same kind to swarm up.

Yuan Yutang almost spat out a mouthful of old blood when he heard the words.

Listen, is this a human speech?

In your eyes, the life of the emotional father is not life?

The female thief knew that there was nothing good to do tonight, so she was determined to break Yuan Yutang's neck and take him to be buried with her.

Feeling that a catastrophe was imminent, Yuan Yutang's face suddenly changed, and he shouted awe-inspiringly, "Enough, a group of idiots, are they worthy of calling themselves arresters in front of the number one detective in the Northeast Road? It's the greatest joke in the world!"

These outrageously loud words stunned all seven police officers.

The seven people looked at each other in blank dismay, a little confused for a while.

The number one detective in the Northeast?

Is there such a person in Northeast Road?

Why have I never heard of the monthly residence report of the government office?

Yuan Yutang snorted coldly, pretending to be inscrutable, but actually panicked.

No way, this is the only strategy he can come up with in a short time to save himself.

In the final analysis, it is actually very simple, and one word is enough to sum it up.

That's bluffing!

In ancient times, traffic was blocked and information exchange was sluggish. It's not like there is an artifact on the earth, the Internet, and you can know everything about the world without going out.

So Yuan Yutang simply took advantage of this loophole to pretend to be a lonely master.

As long as he can bluff these arresters, he still has a chance of survival.

It seems that this seemingly nonsensical strategy has some effect, and the attitude of the seven police officers is obviously much more cautious.

Yuan Yutang looked cold and aloof on the surface, but secretly let out a sigh of relief.

Sure enough, everyone in the feudal society was snobbish, and doing things and treating things was nothing more than watching dishes.

If I am really a commoner, I guess I will post it tonight.

But if you have a big background, the situation is different.

The police officers exchanged secretly, and after confirming that no one had heard of the name of the number one detective in the Northeast Province, they immediately had a bottom line.

The head catcher straightened his face, and shouted in a stern voice, "Bold and unreasonable, dare to play tricks in front of this head catcher, are you getting tired of it?"

Yuan Yutang pretended to be disdainful, pouted his lips on the clothes hanger beside the bed, and said with a contemptuous smile, "I am a guest at the governor's mansion in Northeast Road, and even Governor Situ is very respectful when he sees me. Still need to lie to you guys?

If you don't believe me, you can go to the inner pocket of my clothes and look for it. There is an exclusive pass gold medal bestowed by the governor. "

Catcher was taken aback by Yuan Yutang's extraordinary acting skills, and was a little uncertain for a while.

With a glance, the savvy subordinates immediately understood. One of the arresters shook his hand, and the rope and iron ruler in his hand came out of the hole like a snake, and instantly hooked the outer robe hanging on the hanger.

The head catcher rummaged through his robe with an unfriendly expression, and made up his mind that if he found out that Yuan Yutang was lying, he would kill the slanderous brat himself alive without the female thief.

However, not long after, his face suddenly froze, and he took out a heavy and delicate gold medal in front of his subordinates, with big characters engraved on the front and back:

Front: Northeast Governor's Mansion.

Rear: free access.

The seven people looked at the unique embossed pattern on the gold medal and a complicated and small seal in the corner, and they believed it in their hearts.

This token was indeed from the Northeast Governor's Mansion, and it would be absolutely impossible to carry it with you if it wasn't someone who had a great relationship with the Governor.

Yuan Yutang watched the demeanor changes of the policemen,

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

I almost didn't laugh out loud.

This token was given to him by Situ Shanu when he left Tongshan Pass, and it has nothing to do with the old governor at all. He doesn't even know what the old governor is like.

This is good in ancient times, as long as you have mastered the information gap, you can show off your holy clothes at will.

The head catcher carefully collected the gold medal, his attitude changed suddenly, he rarely showed a smiling face, he cupped his fists respectfully and saluted, "The flood rushed into the Dragon King Temple, it was reckless, I don't know the honor, please forgive me."

After a pause, he threatened the female thief viciously, "Bold villain, if you dare to hurt a hair of the nobleman, I promise that your end will definitely be worse than death!"

After getting rid of the arresting policeman, Yuan Yutang knew that he was more than half safe.

The remaining key is whether you can fool around, ah bah, it is to persuade the female thief.

Recalling the famous scene of cops and robbers negotiating in his previous life, Yuan Yutang deliberately slowed down his speech, and said in a harmless voice, "Sister, I believe you are innocent, but if you kill me in front of the police , then the charge of homicide is confirmed."

"Think about it, we have no grievances or enmities, why should we ruin our hope of life just because of a moment of anger?"

"If you let me go, I swear to God, I will help you prove your innocence and give you justice!"

The female thief suppressed her excitement and said, "Are you really willing to help me prove my innocence?"

Yuan Yutang nodded solemnly, and replied firmly, "I can guarantee my life!"

After listening, the female thief hesitated again and again, and finally chose to let Yuan Yutang go.

Of course, she was not so naive as to believe everything Yuan Yutang said, but she really didn't dare to offend the Northeast Governor.

If Yuan Yutang really died under her hands, there would be no place for her in the whole world.

It's better to give it a shot than to smash it.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was finally safe, the policemen couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, and the chief catcher rushed up to protect Yuan Yutang himself, fearing that this golden thigh would go wrong again.

The female thief is like a lamb that has been drained of strength, allowing the catchers to tie her up roughly.

After taking off the face scarf, everyone was shocked to realize that the female thief is so beautiful.

The female thief is about fifteen or sixteen years old, and it is the most beautiful period full of youth. A perfect melon-shaped face is embellished with exquisite and picturesque facial features. Her eyes are like peach blossoms like autumn water, her lips are pink and pink, and her skin is white and crystal clear. , Even in a dim environment, it seems to be glowing.

What a beauty like a New Year picture, but it's a pity that the beauty is a thief.

The policemen all had regrets in their eyes, and they wanted to take him back to the government office.

Everyone, including Yuan Yutang, never mentioned the matter of proving her innocence from the beginning to the end.

Whether the female thief is innocent or not is not important, what is important is that the case can be successfully solved, and that is enough.

The ashamed female thief stared silently at Yuan Yutang with her beautiful eyes, as if she was complaining about something.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang, who believes that more things are worse than less things, couldn't help but feel soft in his heart. Just when the female thief was about to be taken out of the room, he suddenly stopped and said:

"Everyone wait a moment!"

The head catcher understood instantly, and hastily winked at Yuan Yutang, signaling him not to meddle in his own business.

For some reason, looking at the female thief, Yuan Yutang inexplicably thought of Concubine Zhou Luo whom he hadn't seen for a long time.

Back then, she often looked at herself innocently like this.

Forget it, he's been a film king once, and he's not bad for another guest appearance as a detective.

Sighing, Yuan Yutang sternly said to the headhunter, "Please take me to the scene of the crime, Your Excellency!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		