

The sun rises in the east, and the light of dawn shines on the earth.

Last night, the mansion where Sen Luo had a carnival quietly turned into a wilderness tomb.

Yuan Yutang sat in the tomb as if he had lost his soul, and he still can't come back to his senses.

Swallowing with difficulty, he took out the cigarette with trembling hands, his trembling mouth almost lost his grip, and he lit the cigarette after three or four attempts.

After taking a deep breath of the rich nicotine, feeling the mellow and stimulating smoke swirling in his lungs, he regained his ability to think a little bit.

Recalling the bits and pieces that happened last night, he couldn't help but feel a burst of fear.

It was so scary that I thought I was going to die.

If it hadn't been for the sudden lightning from the sky, Mian Hulu and the others would have been ready to eat his table.

Unexpectedly, the secrets recorded in the master's secret book are true.

The ghost king really can't walk in the world, and insists on showing his holiness in the yang world, which will cause five thunderbolts.

The fate of the Mangshan old ghost is too bizarre. One second, he was as invincible as a demon god who destroys the world. The next second, the sky thundered, and his parents were raised for nothing. What a miracle!

Of course, Yuan Yutang would not arrogantly think that the ghost king who can call wind and rain in the underworld would die so easily.

Anyone who achieves the position of ghost king must be miraculous and unfathomable. Even if he is hit by five thunderbolts, most of them will only be injured and not die.

But there is one thing to say, this time ruined the good thing of Mangshan old ghost, and caused him to be hit by five thunderbolts, this beam can be said to be solid enough.

I can't believe the consequences if I go down to the underworld and meet the old ghost of Mangshan after death.

With a wry smile, Yuan Yutang ejected the butt of the cigarette far away as if venting.

I originally wanted to slay demons and eliminate demons to earn merit, but I didn't expect to become grudges with the ghost king of the underworld in a muddle.

This can be regarded as a typical case that stealing chickens is not enough to lose money.

But soon Yuan Yutang was relieved.

Don't worry if you have too many debts, don't worry if you have too many lice, anyway, you have enough troubles on your body, none of the wolf tribe, the Red Lotus Sect, Situ Hongyi and others hate themselves to the bone, and it doesn't count if there is another ghost king who can't walk in the world What a big deal.

If you have the ability, the old ghost of Mangshan will come to the world again!

If you have the ability, then you can arrogantly show your holiness in the world!

See if the thunder will strike you!

After comforting himself, Yuan Yutang felt cheerful again, and was ready to pat his butt and go back to pick up Chitu.

The moment he stood up, he sharply saw a figure flashing behind the tombstone.

He was covered in white sweat in an instant, and subconsciously wanted to turn around and run away, but suddenly he felt something was wrong again.

Not right!

According to the beam formed last night, if it was really the old man Mangshan who came to take revenge, how could he be so sneaky and dare not show up?

And with the status of Mangshan old ghost, it is absolutely impossible to be so sneaky?

So who is the figure behind the tombstone?

After figuring out the key point, Yuan Yutang rushed towards the obliquely outward tombstone.

"Wow~"

A sharp scream that almost pierced Yuan Yutang's eardrums almost shattered, and even the daring him was taken aback by being caught off guard.

Take a look.

Hehe, Yuan Yutang couldn't help being happy.

He wondered who it was, it turned out to be the seventy-eighth concubine of Mangshan old ghost.

I saw a young girl wearing a dark red wedding gown with a pale face sitting paralyzed behind the tombstone, pointing at Yuan Yutang with a dry bone in her hands tremblingly, screaming like a frightened bird, "You, you, you Don't come here, I, I, I will hit someone!!"

With just one glance, Yuan Yutang was almost dumbfounded.

The girl was about thirteen or fourteen years old, with a beautiful face, even if she was full of shock, she couldn't hide her beauty, and her brows were full of cuteness that I still pitied.

Such a peerless beauty, even Yuan Yutang, who was used to seeing all kinds of beauties on the Internet in his previous life, couldn't help feeling extremely amazed.

The ancients do not deceive me. In the world, there are indeed peerless enchanting creatures with flowers as their appearance, birds as their voice, moon as their god, willows as their form, jade as their bones, ice and snow as their skin, and autumn water as their posture.

No wonder that old Mangshan ghost would risk a thunderstorm to steal a marriage.

I have to grab it instead!

Huh?

It seems to be mixed with some strange ideas.


Zhou Luofei was terrified at this moment.

I slept soundly at home last night, and when I opened my eyes, I found that I was suddenly in a mountain tomb. When encountering such an unimaginable and strange thing, anyone would be bewildered.

I was just about to leave this eerie place, but a stranger suddenly jumped out, so I had to grab that guy to defend myself!

Barren mountains and wild mountains, lonely men and widows, it was hard for her not to think about it.

Fortunately, after the panic, Concubine Zhou Luo also saw Yuan Yutang's appearance clearly.

Isn't this a kid about her age?

He's pretty good-looking too, but he doesn't learn how to be good-looking, so he has to be that contemptible kidnapper?

But it seems that the brain is not very bright, sister can handle it!

In Zhou Luofei's eyes, Yuan Yutang's astonishing stupor turned into an expression of being intimidated. She suddenly grew confident, puffed her pink cheeks, stared at her beautiful eyes, and thought she was putting on the most vicious look, with a rough look. Threatening voice said, "You, you, back off quickly, or I will beat you, I will really hit someone, I will tell you if it hurts!"

With a chuckle, Yuan Yutang was amused, and he became playful for a while, pretending to be scared and fell to the ground, imitating Zhou Luofei and stammering, "You, you, you, don't mess around, that dry bone is smelly and dirty , don't greet me!"

Zhou Luofei was taken aback suddenly, and subconsciously looked at the little hand.

"Wow~"

Another earth-shattering scream.

The prank was successful, and Yuan Yutang had just laughed twice, but unexpectedly, there was a gust of fragrant wind, and then a fiery body with amazing elasticity fell into his arms.

"Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.. terrified.

The beauties are pear blossoms with rain, even a hard-hearted man has to be subdued.

Yuan Yutang was most afraid of a woman crying in front of him, so he couldn't help but feel annoyed, why scare her if there's nothing to do, and comforted her with a wry smile, "Don't be afraid, don't be afraid, it's just a dry bone, and you can't eat people, what are you afraid of?"

As soon as Zhou Luofei heard the word dry bone, she cried even harder.

Yuan Yutang spent all his efforts to coax the girl well, and he was almost exhausted.

Sure enough, a villain and a girl cannot be raised, he would rather fight to the death with the old ghost of Mangshan than coax a girl.

Concubine Zhou Luo's pretty face was flushed, remembering the intimate contact between the two of them just now, she lowered her head shyly, and twisted the corners of her clothes indiscriminately with her little hands as white as jade.

Yuan Yutang looked up at the scorching sun, turned his head and said helplessly, "I am going to leave, what should you do, do you want to go together?"

Concubine Zhou Luo was subconsciously startled when she heard the words, and she didn't care about being shy, she quickly got up and grabbed the corner of Yuan Yutang's clothes tightly, staring at him with big teary eyes, as pitiful as a helpless puppy.

Yuan Yutang knew that he couldn't get rid of this little oil bottle for the time being, so he set off immediately.

The two were one in front and one behind, but there was not much communication, and the atmosphere was a bit dense.

Only halfway through, Yuan Yutang noticed a red lightning bolt rushing towards them with sharp eyes.

"Haha, Chitu, why did you come here~"

Chitu braked sharply and stopped firmly in front of Yuan Yutang, staring resentfully at this unreliable master with big eyes as bright as pitch-black jewels, and snorted silently.

He clearly said he would go back when he was ready to go, but Chitu didn't see anyone after a full sleep, so he had to follow his breath all the way to find him.

Yuan Yutang fondled Chitu's big head.

Since eating Henggong fish meat, Chitu has become more and more agile, not only bigger in size, but also more humane.

Concubine Zhou Luo curiously hid behind Yuan Yutang and observed Chitu secretly, she couldn't help being secretly surprised.

Because of her superior family background, she has seen many rare treasures in the world, but she has never seen such a majestic BMW as the Chitu. The tangled appearance is very cute.

Yuan Yutang pretended not to see it, and didn't let Concubine Zhou Luo ride the red rabbit and lead the horse on foot.

Just kidding, I am not willing to ride a red rabbit, how can I let outsiders get involved?

No matter how good-looking she is, it won't do harm to the country and the people!

He saved her life without even saying thank you, as if he owed her something.

What kind of virtue, young master, he is not used to bad things.

If it wasn't for the sake of her being a weak woman, he would have given up on her a long time ago.

As a 24K pure and straight man, the words "pity the fragrance and cherish the jade" have never been in his dictionary.

Concubine Zhou Luo couldn't help being stunned at the beginning, then puffed up her face like a puff, and followed stubbornly, making up her mind that she would never talk to Yuan Yutang again.

Yuan Yutang didn't ask Concubine Zhou Luo where she was going. Judging by her temperament, she didn't need to guess that she was a wealthy lady. As long as she was dropped off in the next town, there would be a way to contact her family to pick her up, so she didn't have to worry about it.

In ancient times, medical conditions were poor, and the premature mortality rate was extremely high, which also resulted in a sparsely populated population distribution.

The two of them traveled across mountains and ridges for a long time without seeing any people.

Yuan Yutang and Chitu have traveled thousands of miles, and they have long been accustomed to living in the open air.

But Concubine Zhou Luo, who was pampered at first sight, suffered a serious crime.

The red embroidered shoes made the soles of the feet ache, and the two long legs were almost unconscious. I hate that annoying guy who never asked a word of concern from the beginning to the end, so Zhou Luo has been used to being held as the apple of his eye since he was a child. How can a concubine be so embarrassing?

Her beautiful eyes gradually turned red, her small petal-like mouth involuntarily flattened, her small nose kept twitching, and the grievance in her heart was about to overflow, but she stubbornly refused to bow her head.

Yuan Yutang naturally knew what was going on behind him, and originally wanted to pass the test by pretending to be deaf and dumb.

That's all, just be a good person and do it to the end, and send the Buddha to the West.

"Get on your horse."

After hearing this, Zhou Luofei was overjoyed instinctively, immediately snorted coldly, and arrogantly refused, "Hmph, I won't sit on your stinking horse!"

Yo, kindly treat it like a donkey's liver and lungs?

Come on, then continue to suffer.

Yuan Yutang didn't show a good face, and walked ahead without saying a word.

The two fought like childish children.

Unknowingly, the waning moon quietly climbed up the branch.

After nightfall, the wild is especially eerie.

Concubine Zhou Luo was frightened like a little quail, she glanced around in fear, she felt that there seemed to be countless man-eating monsters hidden in the shade of the trees, unknowingly approaching Yuan Yutang, and even stretched out her little hand I went to hold Yuan Yutang's clothes.

After all, she is just a half-grown girl, and she will subconsciously seek shelter when she is afraid.

Yuan Yutang chuckled secretly, but did not expose it.

After walking for a short time, Yuan Yutang found a leeward place, stopped and said, "It's not easy to walk at night, so let's sleep here overnight."

Concubine Zhou Luo was taken aback for a moment, then she widened her beautiful eyes and said sharply, "What? Sleeping in the wilderness?"

"Ah Nael? You also know that this is a barren mountain, where can I find you a luxury hotel?" Yuan Yutang replied angrily, and immediately ignored the young lady who didn't understand anything. Pick up some dead branches around to start a bonfire, and then take out the bedding from the luggage and sleep on the floor, and even the sound of shouts came in the blink of an eye.

Concubine Zhou Luo opened her mouth wide and stared blankly at Yuan Yutang who had fallen asleep, her little head was full of question marks.

This bastard, he, he actually didn't care about me and just went to sleep by himself? ?


		