

The next day, the rain stopped and the sky cleared.

Yuan Yutang, who hadn't slept all night, got up leisurely and left the cave where he lived.

Chitula shrugged, wading listlessly on the muddy road.

In the battle of Huapi Ghost City, Chitu drove straight into the army of Huapi slaves and paid a heavy price. It is already a miracle that he survived.

Yuan Yutang would not treat Chitu badly because it was a horse. Knowing that it was not appropriate to use mana now, he still endured the pain and used mana to help him heal his injuries, so he was able to move around.

"Huh~"

Although the rain and snow have stopped, the temperature is still frighteningly low, and the breath between the mouth and nose is full of white mist.

Yuan Yutang hesitated for a moment, then worked out a formula with a little rustiness, and said softly, "Nine Heavens Lihuo, give me the true spirit, hurry like a law, and get away from the God of Fire!"

As soon as the words fell, Chitu's spirit suddenly shook, and he felt the biting cold around him quickly fade away, and the long-lost warmth spread all over his body, so comfortable that he couldn't help but roll on the spot.

Yuan Yutang looked at the rapidly melting snow on his feet, although his face was a little pale, but his expression was very happy.

This is the spell recorded in the master's secret book, and it is also the spell created by the sloppy old man with all his life's painstaking efforts - Lihuo Shengang!

Zhu Shanzong's ancestor master seemed to have another adventure after he was abolished and expelled from the Sanmao Sect. He found another way to create the "Lihuo Burning Heaven Code", which established the Dharma line of the sect.

Don't practice talismans, don't be good at alchemy, don't understand formations, don't know how to do divination, and don't get involved in heavenly secrets.

The way to stay away from the fire alone!

The patriarch left a legacy before becoming an immortal, and each generation of masters must create a new spell by themselves, serving as the foundation of the sect and planning for future generations.

This iron law has been well implemented by the heads of the past generations, so although the Zhushan Sect has a small population, there are quite a lot of unique spells at the bottom of the box.

Yuan Yutang is not a practice genius, and he cannot learn all the spells recorded in the secret book overnight. The Lihuoshengang he cast at this time does not have one percent of the power of the sloppy old man, but it can barely keep warm from the cold. .

Even so, the rash use of mana also exacerbated his injuries, but at least he didn't have to suffer from the bitter cold, which was barely a loss.

After a short rest, Yuan Yutang continued his journey.

Tongshan Pass, the gateway to the Northeast Road, is less than a hundred miles away. Although the road is muddy and difficult, it is difficult to stop Yuan Yutang's footsteps.

Daxia is so big, he wants to see it.


The new snow on the ground is fluffy and fluffy, and if you are not careful, you will stumble. The exhausted Yuan Yutang had to carefully lead the horse forward.

It was three poles in the sun, and one person and one horse only traveled more than ten miles.

Suddenly, Chitu snorted suddenly, broke free from the rein as if he had discovered something, rushed out in small steps, and pulled out a person in the snow not far away.

"This..." Yuan Yutang was shocked when he saw this, and hurried to check.

It was a middle-aged man in a thin shirt, with scars on his body, as if he had been tortured and abused before, and now he was dying of cold.

Yuan Yutang hastily laid the middle-aged man on a rock, took off his cloak to wrap it around him, stroked his chest again, and pinched him. After a busy meal, the man finally responded.

"Uh..." The middle-aged man struggled to open a slit of his eyes, and moved his lips angrily.

It was the first time for Yuan Yutang to encounter such a situation in two lifetimes, and he didn't know medical skills, so he was at a loss for a while.

The man's eyes were blank, apparently in a daze, and he murmured something subconsciously.

Yuan Yutang knew that this person might not be saved, so out of humanitarianism, he hurriedly leaned over to listen to his last words.

"...back to the pass...report...the wolf clan...attack...be careful...the caravan...revenge..."

The voice was like a mosquito, and the words were intermittent, Yuan Yutang really couldn't guess what he wanted to express.

Suddenly, the man's eyes brightened suddenly, and he didn't know where the strength came from. Taking advantage of Yuan Yutang's inattention, he put a piece of jade pendant that had been tightly held tightly into the inner pocket of the cloak, and immediately shot up a bloody arrow to the sky.

The next moment, the middle-aged man died of anger.

Yuan Yutang sighed, a living life passed away before his eyes, even if they met by chance, he still felt uncomfortable.

It seems that the last words of the middle-aged man are very important, but unfortunately there is no spell of evocation in the master's secret book, and Yuan Yutang can't do anything about it.

Yuan Yutang couldn't bear to throw the dead body of the middle-aged man into the wilderness, so he dug a hole and buried him on the spot.

"Men and women, wild ghosts and wandering souls... cross the mortal world, like floating clouds, leave no traces... leave no love, leave no hatred, leave no traces..."

Helping people to the end, sending the Buddha to the west, Yuan Yutang simply learned and used it, found the soul-salvation spell in the master's secret book, and spent a little mana to save the middle-aged man.

Strangely, the middle-aged man's ghost did not show up amidst the vow-filled incantation, only a vague and peaceful thank you came from somewhere.

After reciting the soul-saving mantra three times, Yuan Yutang felt that the little mana in his body was exhausted, and his eyes turned black, and he almost fell over.

Chitu sensed something strange about his master, and hurried over to support the crumbling Yuan Yutang with his body.

Although he was exhausted and dying, Yuan Yutang felt peaceful in his heart, put on his cloak again, led his horse and continued on the road.

The weather outside the Great Wall was unpredictable, and the wind and snow gradually intensified as the evening approached.

Fortunately, the sloppy old man mentioned before that there should be a Hulukou Basin not far ahead to shelter from the wind. Yuan Yutang disregarded that Chitu's injury was still unhealed, got on his horse and accelerated his journey.

hoo~howl~

Under the dim sky, the wind as sharp as a knife rolled up the sky with snow foam, like dust and smoke.

Hurrying and hurrying, Yuan Yutang finally saw the entrance of the gourd mouth before it was completely dark.

But after a closer look, there is a faint fire jumping inside, as if someone got there first.

Yuan Yutang was indifferent and not good at dealing with people, so he stood still and looked at the heavy snowflakes in the sky, and then looked back at the empty surroundings.

Sighing silently, he led the horse back and walked towards the entrance.

Hulukou is a sunken basin, narrow in the front and wide in the back, surrounded by mountains on all sides, so it is not invaded by wind and snow.

As soon as he stepped into the gourd mouth, the raging wind and snow was cut off. Yuan Yutang saw figures in front of him, and seven or eight carts formed a simple camp.

Suddenly, a big man appeared from the shadow behind him, with a horizontal knife on Yuan Yutang's neck, and he shouted viciously, "Who is here, tell me your name!"

The big man looks powerful and mighty, he should be standing guard.

Yuan Yutang raised his hand calmly, indicating that he had no malice, and said weakly, "I'm just a traveler passing by Guibao and wanting to take shelter from the wind and snow. Please bear with me if I offend you."

Only now did the big man see Yuan Yutang's appearance clearly, and he couldn't help but exclaimed, "Where did the sick child come from in the barren mountains? Where's your lord?"

Yuan Yutang's face was pale at this time, as if he hadn't recovered from a long illness.

"what?"

The big man looked around and saw that Yuan Yutang was the only one who was about to put down the steel knife. Suddenly he noticed Yuan Yutang's short hair and the modern clothing exposed from the cloak. , "Weird hair and strange clothes, are you a spy of the wolf clan?"

The movement here attracted the attention of other people in the camp, and immediately seven or eight people rushed over with nervous expressions and weapons.

"Two tigers, what happened?"

The one who spoke was a tall, short, bitter-faced old man in a luxurious brocade robe.

"Boss, I caught a wolf spy!" The big man and the two tigers muttered loudly without looking back.

"What? The secret work of the wolf clan?"

"But the wolf army came to kill?"

"How can this be done?"

Hearing Erhu's words, the crowd in the rear suddenly went into an uproar.

The bitter-melon-faced old man clenched the sharp sword in his hand, and after seeing the 'fine work' grasped by Er Hu, he couldn't help but froze, his expression froze.

After a long time, the old man with a bitter gourd face suddenly became furious, slapped the two tigers on the head, and cursed, "You idiot, have you been blinded by eating too much lard? There is no secret work of the wolf clan, this is clearly our Da Xiazi Min, don’t you even have this bit of eyesight?”

Erhu didn't dare to resist when he was beaten, and he retorted aggrievedly, "Weird hair and strange clothes, how can a serious Daxia person have such a dress?"

"You still dare to refute?" the old man with a bitter melon face said angrily, "Look at this young gentleman, who has a delicate skin and tender flesh, and a handsome appearance. The wolves and barbarians have lived in the mountains for a long time, eating and sleeping in the open, how can he have such a look?"

"You pretend to be smart if you don't understand anything, causing everyone to make a false alarm. Your money will be gone this month!"

After hearing this, Qi Qi breathed a sigh of relief, and stared at Er Hu unkindly.

Erhu knew that he had made a big mistake, so he smiled and dared not speak.

Yuan Yutang watched the whole process with cold eyes.

The misunderstanding was resolved, and the two tigers hid disheartenedly to watch the sentry. The old man with a bitter gourd face bowed his hands in shame and said, "Chen Lang, the old shopkeeper of Haozhou Tianping Trading Company, it is not peaceful outside the Great Wall. I have offended you so much just now. Please don't fight with the two tigers." That rough stuff is common sense."

"It's easy to say, just resolve the misunderstanding." Yuan Yutang replied neither overbearing nor humble.

In order to make amends, the bitter-faced old man took the initiative to invite, "The night is getting darker and the temperature is dropping sharply. If you don't give up, you can spend the night with us."

Yuan Yutang was also polite, "So, I'm bothering you."

"Hehe, the son is serious, please come here!"

"Please!"

As soon as Chen Lang brought Yuan Yutang back to the camp, a pretty girl in her 27th year came timidly and hugged Chen Lang's arm, and said coquettishly, "Daddy, what happened just now? I seem to have heard Erhu say that there is a secret work?"

"Hehe." Chen Lang rubbed the girl's hair lovingly, and said softly, "It's okay, it's just a misunderstanding. Come, Linglong, I met Mr. Yuan who traveled here from Shaozhou."

Just now Yuan Yutang simply exchanged names with Chen Lang, and Shaozhou is where the gate of Zhushan Zong is located.

When you are away from home, don't confide in strangers. This is the valuable world experience that the sloppy old Taoist taught Yuan Yutang, so he made up a lame reason for the family to travel and encounter accidents.

Chen Lang was slick, knowing that Yuan Yutang's words were not true, but he didn't expose them, the two maintained a tacit understanding.

The girl Linglong caught a glimpse of Yuan Yutang's handsome face, two blushes quietly floated on her cheeks, bowed her head shyly and said, "Little girl Linglong has seen Mr. Yuan."

"I have met Miss." Yuan Yutang had rarely seen such an original ancient beauty, and replied happily.

"Hehe, it's getting late. Mr. Yuan might as well have a meal and rest early. Please forgive me for the poor hospitality." Chen Lang said with a smile. Immediately after seeing Linglong, he wanted to put his eyeballs on Yuan Yutang's body, and couldn't help teasing road.

"Linglong, why are you in a daze, why don't you hurry up and help Mr. Yuan arrange meals?"

Linglong heard the words like waking up from a dream, groaned, covered her face and fled shyly.


		