

It is a unique system of the Great Xia Dynasty that the governor is in charge of the government. There are only nine officials in the whole country. They are high-ranking and powerful, and they are in charge of a large or small matter.

There have been powerful ministers in all dynasties, but when it comes to the nine governors of this dynasty, the most special places are the two governors of the Northeast Province and Lingnan Province.

At the beginning of the founding of the Great Xia, there were two powerful families who helped each other. The first emperor was so generous that he won the world and rewarded the officials. The two families settled in the southernmost and northernmost of the Great Xia. The same life of the country, hereditary no replacement.

The two governors' families have been passed down for more than 300 years. After years of hard work, they are deeply rooted in their fiefdoms, just like a country within a country.

It's night, the Governor's Mansion of Northeast Road.

In a simple and elegant room, there are two old men drinking wine to the moon.

The old man on the left has white hair and a childlike face, gentle and elegant, and seems to be adhering to etiquette in every move, just like an old-fashioned teacher in a private school.

The old man on the right looks like an old farmer in the country. He behaves vulgarly. He rolled up his trousers and put one leg on the stool.

The gentle old man took a sip of his wine and said with a smile, "Master Du, can you think of how to deal with that Yuan Yutang?"

Hearing the words, the vulgar old man raised his eyes and glanced at the gentle old man. He stuffed food into his mouth without pausing at all. He burped and said in a low voice, "This is something you should consider. Don't ask me."

"You, you, you have one foot into the coffin, and you are still acting like a rascal..." The gentle old man seemed to have known that the vulgar old man would answer like this, and he shook his head helplessly and smiled wryly.

After a pause, the gentle old man's eyes sparkled, he shook his head and stroked his beard and said, "This matter is really difficult to deal with. If you are not careful, it will affect the overall situation. It is tricky~ Let the old man smooth it out for you."

"Yuan Yutang has just made a great contribution to saving Tongshan when he was in danger. He is deeply grateful and loved by the soldiers of the frontier army. One bad thing can easily chill the hearts of the soldiers, but if we want to deal with it properly, there are currently three major problems that need to be solved urgently!"

"The origin of this son is unknown. Although he has the certificate of Yujizi, the head of the Jingshan sect, it is difficult to verify the authenticity of it, and the unpredictable ability does not come from the Jingshan sect. This is a difficulty."

"The second difficulty is the Thunder Badger incident in Tanzhou.

Thunder Badger is rebellious and difficult to tame. Over the years, countless monks have tried to tame Thunder Badger but failed. Unexpectedly, the boy just arrived, but a strange fate made him tame a small one by mistake. Badger, the strong luck is really rare in the world. "

After a pause, the gentle old man said with a little worry, "Although the romance of taming the cubs of strange beasts is enviable, there are so many strange beasts in the world. Most of the Taoist sects have strange beasts in captivity, but they are special because of them." The subdued beast is Thunder Badger!"

As he said that, the gentle old man looked meaningfully at the vulgar old man who was eating and drinking, and whispered mysteriously, "The mount that Emperor Taizu used to fight the world seems to be a thunder badger?"

The vulgar old man froze slightly after hearing this, and quickly recovered, continuing to eat and drink, as if he hadn't heard anything just now.

The gentle old man had already got the answer from his old friend's expression, and his expression became more dignified, "No wonder, for more than three hundred years, the promotion and appointment of officials in the whole Taoist government have all come from the Governor's Mansion, except for Tanzhou City, which has always been directly appointed by the imperial court. It turns out that this is the reason .

The purpose is to protect the country's auspicious beast Thunder Badger nearby?

But isn't such an auspicious beast submitting to outsiders a sign of the country's fate leaking out?

That kid didn't know the seriousness, he thought he picked up a great opportunity for nothing, but he didn't know that it was a hot potato, if he was not careful, he would set himself on fire, and I'm afraid it would even bring disaster to the fish in the pond.

Moreover, Kang Lei, the magistrate of Tanzhou, knew the special significance of Thunder Badger, so he didn't stop him, allowing Yuan Yutang to take Little Badger away.

The second difficulty is more than a hundred times more difficult than the first difficulty! "

The vulgar old man turned a deaf ear and buried his head in eating and drinking, as if there was a bottomless stomach in his skinny body.

"Although the previous dilemma is a mess, there is still a chance to resolve it if it is arranged in advance."

"But the third difficulty is an unsolvable dead end!"

Speaking of this, the gentle old man's face was distorted, he stared at the vulgar old man closely, and gasped, "This dynasty obeys the destiny and replaces the corrupt former Taizun Dynasty. A curse was left before the city:

"People have sorrows and joys, and the moon has cloudy and sunny waxing and waning. I am scornful of virtue and blame the heavens. The country is about to perish. It is not my fault. You wait for Xia Guo to rebel. Don't laugh at me. What happens to me today is what you will do tomorrow. example! '

This curse has been passed down to future generations, and it has long become the biggest heart disease of the royal family! "

The vulgar old man still didn't respond. Seeing that he was still pretending to be stupid, the gentle old man couldn't help being furious. He simply smashed the jar and said, "Master, don't pretend to be confused! The emperor's title is Song Que!

Daxia's replacement of Taizun is to follow the natural cycle of the moon's waxing and waning!

If this logic is followed, Yuan (Yuan) may be the one who destroys Xia in the future! "

"Yuan Yutang was born out of nowhere and saved Tongshan from the fire and water. He contributed to the society, this is martial arts!

And to cause the vision of heaven and earth on the battlefield, and the harmony of heaven and earth, this is the destiny!

The Derui Beast Thunder Badger recognizes its master, and its luck is overwhelming. This is a blessing!

Wu Deze is thick, destiny is in his body, and his fortune is Taotao. Aren't all the signs enough to show it? "

"I know that the Second Young Master deliberately created momentum for him, with the intention of attracting him as a strong supporter.

But the old man wants to say that the Second Young Master's move is a big mistake!

Yuan Yutang is not someone he can control at all, this son is too dangerous, he must be deported as soon as possible, placed under house arrest and kept secret, or wiped out as soon as possible!

Apart from these three strategies, there is no other choice, please make your own choice! "

The gentle old man became more and more angry, and finally couldn't help but walked away.

The vulgar old man finished chewing the fat in his mouth expressionlessly, filled a glass of wine, drank it all in one gulp, then stood up and left the room calmly.

It was as if the conversation between the two just now never existed at all.


In the early morning of the next day, someone came to Mian Hulu's room to report that a village woman was looking for him by name.

Bonk gourd was sleepy, followed the servants to the back door in a daze, and saw a village woman walking back and forth anxiously, and immediately remembered who it was.

Isn't this the village woman I ran into by mistake on the road yesterday?

Why did you come to the door?

Yes, it seems that at that time I said that I asked her to come to me for compensation.

"Sister, yesterday's incident was urgent. It was a last resort. On behalf of all the brothers yesterday, I apologize for the trouble you caused."

Duan Hulu is upright, does not hide it, and apologizes directly and sincerely.

The anxious Cao Ying was relieved when she heard the apology.

If it weren't for the orphans and widows who depended on a donkey cart for their livelihood, she would never have dared to come to the Governor's Mansion to ask for compensation.

Those cavalrymen galloping yesterday were full of murderous intent, and they were not easy to provoke at first glance. In normal times, a helpless commoner like her would definitely hide far away, even if she suffers, she can only endure it.

But her son was sick in bed, waiting for her to grab the medicine and hang himself!

The donkey cart that transported Yexiang was damaged, and the old donkey who pulled the cart broke her leg, which meant that her biggest source of livelihood was cut off.

She can bear no matter how hard and tired she is, but the child can't. Stopping the medicine is tantamount to killing him.

So she hesitated at home for the whole night, and finally she mustered up the courage to come to the Governor's Mansion to seek compensation from Hulu.

Fortunately, Menhulufei, a foolish man with a gun to bully the weak, immediately paid out ten taels of silver as compensation after hearing Cao Ying's report, and also promised to ask Dr. Zhang to treat Cao Ying's son.

Cao Ying burst into tears of joy.

Physician Zhang is one of the most famous doctors in the entire Northeast Province. Many times, difficult diseases that even the imperial physicians are helpless can be cured by the medicine in his hands.

Cao Ying has long wanted to ask Dr. Zhang for help in treatment. The reason why it took so long was not because he could not afford to pay Dr. Zhang’s consultation fee. Medical bills are often waived for the poor.

However, no matter how skilled Dr. Zhang is and how cheap his fees are, he still has to be present in person to see a doctor and dispense medicine.

Physician Zhang with excellent medical skills is the guest of honor of officials and nobles. He is too busy just helping those rich and nobles to see a doctor. How can it be easy for ordinary people like Cao Ying to get him?

So when he heard that Mian Hulu was able to ask Dr. Zhang to help his son see a doctor, it was undoubtedly Cao Ying's biggest heart trouble.

Bonk Gourd hates women crying the most. Looking at Cao Ying who is sobbing, he can't help but feel that his head is getting bigger, but his tongue is clumsy and he doesn't know how to comfort him, so he is at a loss for words for a while.

Suddenly, he suddenly felt that Cao Ying looked familiar, as if he had seen him somewhere, and immediately asked, "Sister, where are you from? Have I met you somewhere?"

Cao Ying stopped crying when she heard the words, and said with tears in her eyes, "Returning to my lord, my family is a widow from Wangjia Village on the outskirts of the city. I haven't seen you before..."

"Wang's Village on the outskirts of the city? Is your man's name Wang Erleng?" Mian Hulu asked anxiously with wide-eyed eyes.

Cao Ying was stunned, and said suspiciously, "My man's name is indeed Wang Erlen, do you really know Erlen?"

After hearing this, Mian Hulu suddenly had tears in his eyes, and choked up, "Sister-in-law, I am Mian Hulu, and Er Leng is a life-and-death comrade-in-arms. We have met before... His pension is handed over to you personally. ~"

"You, you are..." Cao Ying looked at the gourd in disbelief, at a loss.

"Yes, Erlen blocked the knife for me back then, but I survived, but he disappeared... I never thought that after five years of separation, my sister-in-law would lose her livelihood and my nephew would suffer. I am really sorry for Erleng." Shocked~" Mun Hulu held Cao Ying's hand with one arm and cried loudly.

An old man was crying in front of him, Cao Ying had never seen such a miraculous scene before, and he was suddenly at a loss, and it took him a long time to persuade him clumsily.

Duan Gourd wiped away his tears, and rushed to the medical center in the north of the city without saying a word, and said without looking back, "Sister-in-law, please be safe, and I will go and invite Dr. Zhang for you. If Er Leng is not here, I will come to you in the future." Take care of you mother and son on his behalf!"

Cao Ying felt warm in her heart, it had been a long time since anyone had shown kindness to her.


		