

The ancients valued loyalty, especially the heroes who rolled in the rivers and lakes.

Sometimes congeniality is enough to become a friend of life and death.

The simple explanation is that the aura matches.

Of course, the premise that heroes cherish heroes can only happen to two equally heroic people.

For example, Situ Shanu and Yuan Yutang, who met on the battlefield, met each other for the first time, and lived and died together.

Or now, Yuan Yutang and Qian Duobao hit it off right away, and after a few glasses of wine, they wished they could cut off the chicken head and burn the yellow paper on the spot to make a friendship with Jinlan.

During the meeting, Qian Duobao accidentally revealed that he and Li Chunyi were struggling to hunt down the old man of the demon race.

Although Qian Duobao's killing power is strong, he is a warrior, and he has nothing to do with the treacherous warlock.

Although Li Chunyi is a sorcerer, his morals are humble, and he can punish a few ordinary people, but he is probably not capable enough to deal with such cunning monsters as the old man.

Yuan Yutang thought for a while, and then took the initiative to invite Ying to fight.

He had just made a pair of armored horse talismans, and he was worried that he had no test subjects, and it was no big deal if he failed. Anyway, he had the means to save his life, and the monster who was hiding his head and showing his tail couldn't do anything to him.

Qian Duobao was ecstatic when he heard the words, and he performed Yuan Yutang's official feat of intercepting and killing the old man.

The conceited old man was calculated mentally and unintentionally, so he could only drink his hatred on the spot.

(It's over.)


Time goes back to the scene where the old man was executed.

Qian Duobao and Li Chunyi packed up the old man's body and invited Yuan Yutang to return to the imperial capital together, their words were quite solicitous.

Yuan Yutang knew it well, but still declined.

If the great demon Pudu Cihang who stole the high hall is not eliminated, there will be no hope for this decadent court.

It is impossible for him to plunge into the quagmire knowing that it is a quagmire.

Qian Duobao was very sorry, but he didn't persuade him much.

Everyone has their own ambitions, especially young heroes like Yuan Yutang, talking too much will hurt their feelings.

With official business in hand, Qian Duobao and the two should not stay for a long time, and after agreeing with Yuan Yutang to reunite in the imperial city someday, they left in a hurry.

Before leaving, Li Chunyi, who was left behind, gave Yuan Yutang a meaningful look.

Unfortunately, this scene was not seen by Yuan Yutang.


The date of the 15th day of the eighth month was very close, but fortunately, he had already set foot in Liangzhou, and there was still plenty of time, so Yuan Yutang could easily set out on the road.

When the moon was at the top of the mountain, Yuan Yutang was less than twenty miles away from Liangzhou City.

At this time, the gate of the city has been closed, and if you want to enter the city, you can only wait until tomorrow.

Finding a relatively quiet and shady place at random, Yuan Yutang wanted to fall asleep.

unexpected.

The woods in the southwestern direction suddenly startled a wave of night birds, and sparks were faintly visible under the night.

Yuan Yutang sat up suddenly, frowned slightly, and let go of his spiritual consciousness to explore.

After a while, two flashes of light suddenly flashed in his eyes.

There is the sound of killing ten miles to the southwest!

In an instant Yuan Yutang was puzzled again.

It shouldn't be.

Compared with the turmoil of heretics, the territory of the Northeast Province is relatively stable. After all, the border guards who have been able to fight against the Saibei wolves for more than ten years are not vegetarians, and no one dares to make trouble.

All the way along the way, despite all kinds of scheming, the people are always in no danger of their lives.

Why is there a war in Liangzhou?

Hearing the movement, at least hundreds of people were fighting.

Could it be that heretical rogues jumped into the Northeast Road to cause chaos?

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang suddenly looked serious.

The bandits are very harmful, they are all followers of tigers and wolves, they burn, kill, loot and commit all kinds of crimes. Once they are deeply poisoned by them, wouldn't even the last peach garden in Daxia fall?

No, I have to go and see!

Just doing what he said, Yuan Yutang set off in a hurry, and hurried to the place where the incident happened, regardless of waking up the soundly sleeping 'Brother Pingtou' and Uncle Chitu.

After all, he is still a modern person who grew up under the red flag in his previous life, and he least sees the suffering of the people at the bottom.

The ten-mile road was only a short time for Yuan Yutang who was driving at full speed, and he arrived at the scene of the incident soon.

As soon as I approached, I saw the flames billowing and the noise deafening.

There are desperate screams before death, roars of desperate struggle, clangs of weapons being handed over, and even the cries of women and children without fear.

Yuan Yutang's eyes were about to burst.

He really guessed it right, it turned out to be a rogue Tucun!

About 300 rogues are killing wantonly in the isolated village.

Houses were burned, villagers were slaughtered, wives and children were separated, blood flowed into rivers, and corpses were everywhere.

And the gangster who brandished the butcher's knife wantonly in the firelight and laughed wildly!

An old man faltered and wanted to flee to the woods, when a whistling sound hit him, he suddenly stopped, and was shocked to find that a bloody arrow shot out of his chest, and immediately fell face to face like a toppled log without a sound.

A beautiful village woman ran out of a house with disheveled clothes and a pale face. Before she could run far, a big hand suddenly stretched out from the dark room, grabbed her disheveled temples, and forced the terrified She pulled back into the room, and it didn't take long before there were heart-piercing screams and low moans from the man.

Shocking scenes came into view, and Yuan Yutang's anger rose uncontrollably.

"stop!"

With a roar, Yuan Yutang rushed into the village angrily.

These rogues are all bullying animals who dare not show their teeth to foreigners, but dare to put the butcher's knife on their compatriots.

Damn it, damn it!

At this time, there were not many villagers left, only seven or eight bloody and tearful men desperately brandishing hoes to resist, and behind them were a dozen shivering women and children.

More than fifty grinning bandits advanced slowly like a cat playing with a mouse, as if they were enjoying the fun of killing.

Yuan Yutang's angry shout suddenly interrupted the rhythm of their attack.

The rogue who fell last held a steel knife dripping with blood in his hand, and carried a large bundle wrapped in a sheet on his back, revealing the outlines of pots, pans, and bowls.

He was shouting and cheering excitedly, but the evil wind howled behind his head. Just as he was about to turn around, he heard a muffled sound from Gele, and the boundless darkness immediately swallowed him up.

As the unlucky ghost was knocked down by the headshot corpse, the rogues, who were indulging in killing, realized that the villain was coming, and hurriedly turned their blades to face the furious Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang's anger erupted like a volcano, and with a low growl, he rushed into the bandits.

What is tigers entering the flock is now a true portrayal of tigers entering the flock.

No matter how powerful Yuan Yutang is, the bandits are like chickens and dogs in his hands, and they can take away fresh lives with every move.

In just a few breaths, more than a dozen bandits died in his hands.

Nowhere have the rogues seen a fierce man like Yuan Yutang, and they were instantly terrified.

I don't know who took the lead and cried out, and they scattered like birds and beasts, fleeing in all directions in a panic.

This is the fundamental difference between the rogues and the regular army.

In terms of fighting against the wind and bullying the weak, they are more ferocious than anyone else, but once they encounter real difficulties, they are absolutely vulnerable.

He was just being targeted by Yuan Yutang, the king of Hades, so he ran away now, is there still time?

Yuan Yutang grinned, found a random direction, and set off to kill!

There were endless screams, and the rogues who had just played the role of butchers instantly reversed their situation and became desperate lambs waiting to be slaughtered.

Yuan Yutang, who was bathed in dirty blood all over his body, was reluctant to stop until it was impossible to chase.

During the pursuit, he killed hundreds of rogues, and the remaining rogues were running too fast, coupled with the obstacles of the terrain, he had no choice but to give up.

Although it was impossible to wipe out all these beasts, it could be regarded as comforting the undead who had died in vain.

Wei Ran sighed, and Yuan Yutang set off to return to the village.

Although the rogues have retreated, the matter is not over yet.

The dead are gone, and the mortal world is cut off, but for the survivors, this is the beginning of pain.

The aftermath is what Yuan Yutang least wants to face, but has to face.


Back in the village, the burning houses were still on fire, shocking blood stains were everywhere, and the pungent smell of blood and burnt lingered in the air. A few dull men with grief-stricken faces were silently helping their relatives to collect the bones.

This cruel and inhuman scene made Yuan Yutang feel like he couldn't help running away.

Sighing, Yuan Yutang took the initiative to step forward to help those men clean up the mess.

It wasn't until dawn that it turned gray, that it was finally cleaned up.

The villagers who died in vain were buried in the ground, and the fire of crime was also extinguished, which seemed to open a new page.

It is not.

The dilapidated villages can no longer be inhabited, and the surviving villagers who have just experienced the worst suffering in the world stand like walking dead in front of the newly built graves. Everyone's eyes are full of despair and numbness.

Yuan Yutang sighed again.

He knew that if he didn't care, these villagers might not be able to survive.

The houses, rations, farmland and livestock were all destroyed, and these survivors were destined to become refugees.

In ancient times, being displaced and becoming a refugee was an extremely terrible thing, and it is not an exaggeration to say that it was a narrow escape.

Immediately, Yuan Yutang took out all the money in his body and handed it over to these poor people.

Whether it is to re-purchase a new field or go to the city to make a living, it should be enough to handle it.

Yuan Yutang is not a god, there is only so much he can do.

Seeing hope again, the decadent villagers finally regained some color, and kowtowed gratefully one by one.

After much effort, Yuan Yutang calmed down the villagers.

Just as he was about to leave, a skinny man suddenly stopped him.

"Engong, please stay."

Yuan Yutang stopped in doubt.

The skinny man showed hesitation, and finally gritted his teeth and stepped forward, whispering:

"Grandpa, a few days ago, a group of vicious people came to the village with portraits to inquire..."

"I happened to be there at the time, and the person in the portrait seemed to be very similar to Engong..."

Yuan Yutang suddenly looked serious, and asked in a deep voice, "Dare to ask brother, did those people reveal why they are looking for me?"

The skinny man shivered like a frightened rabbit, looked left and right to make sure that no one was eavesdropping, and then motioned Yuan Yutang to whisper.

Yuan Yutang didn't doubt that there was him, so he leaned over and listened.

"those people……"

"Of course I want you to die!"

In an instant, Yuan Yutang's heart rang alarm bells, and then his heart ached, and his whole body was knocked away tens of meters like a kite with a broken string.

"Hahaha, son of a bitch, I finally caught you!"

The skinny man who was honest and honest just now suddenly straightened his waist, a domineering arrogance suddenly burst out, and amidst the crackling sound of bones trembling like fried beans, the skinny man who was less than five feet tall unexpectedly turned into a tall man An eight-foot tall and powerful man.

The weirdest thing was that after the giant man Angzang recovered, a tattoo of Sirius Xiaoyue appeared on his left cheek.

This person is the leader of the Tushan tribe of the wolf clan, Naimertai! !


		