

Amidst the uproar, the strong man took out a water grinding whip, and whipped it at the motionless beautiful snake.

Under the pain, the beautiful snake's smile became more and more charming, and she swayed and danced with the strange and beautiful singing of the big sow.

Its dancing posture is graceful and graceful, and it is truly soft and boneless. There is a treacherous beauty in the ups and downs, which is both shocking and charming.

The beautiful snake danced over and over again. Although her pretty face was smiling alluringly, her eyes were empty and numb, like puppets.

Where have the people in the small county seen such a spectacle?

Just when the atmosphere was at its most enthusiastic, a figure suddenly jumped up from the stage, interrupting the absurd carnival.

The brawny man froze for a moment, saw that the person who came was the rich young man, and said that he couldn't bear to punish the beautiful snake himself, so he salivated and offered the water whip with both hands, and said with a flattering smile, "Young master, you are a hand Do you want to teach that wicked animal a lesson yourself?"

Money can turn ghosts around, and the one who is rich these days is the uncle, not to mention that Yuan Yutang just interrupted the performance, even if he killed the old lady of the strong man, as long as he pays enough compensation, the strong man will let the past go.

Yuan Yutang nodded, took the water mill whip expressionlessly, and weighed it in his hand.

Then, under the expectant eyes of the audience, he suddenly waved his hand and whipped his whip.

After hearing a crisp cracking sound, there was a sudden burst of screams like killing a pig.

"Ah~my eyes~"

Half of the burly man's face was torn off, bleeding profusely, and he covered his face with his hands in pain and rolled on the ground.

The spectators in the audience were stunned by this scene.

What, what's going on here?

Was it the young master who accidentally injured the strong man?

There's no reason, can such an obvious target as the beautiful snake be mistaken?

Soon everyone had an answer.

Yuan Yutang swung his whip fiercely with a face as heavy as water, whipping the strong man to the ground with bruises all over his body, and he couldn't help howling.

Where there is an accidental injury, it is clearly intentional!

"Hey, why did you hit someone!"

"Straight mother, someone is demolishing the venue, brothers, hurry up!"

During the commotion, seven or eight strong and vigorous men emerged from the crowd, jumped onto the stage and rushed towards Yuan Yutang.

With a sullen face, Yuan Yutang pulled out the last whip, and there was a crisp click, and the wear-resistant and sturdy water-milled whip was abruptly broken by him.

The strong man, who was already on the verge of death, was hit by this violent attack, and immediately cried out, and then fell silent.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang dared to kill people under their noses, the villain who heard the news and rushed to help couldn't help being furious.

"Little thief, take your life!"

The one who spoke was a villain with a big black mole on his face, punching Yuan Yutang with a punch as sharp as a hammer.

Yuan Yutang didn't even blink his eyes, he raised his hand and punched out!

Gullah~

Amidst the crackling sound that made people's teeth ache, the whole arm of the evil man with black mole rotted into minced flesh. Before the pain reached the Lingtai, Yuan Yutang raised his foot and hit his throat, which ended his life.

The viciousness of Yuan Yutang's attack shocked the audience, and the surroundings were completely silent.

With a cold snort, Yuan Yutang walked towards the sluggish beauty snake with a sullen face.

Crouching down, he looked at the beautiful snake pitifully, and said softly, "Sister, you must be in pain? Do you really want to be relieved?"

After hearing Yuan Yutang's words, Beauty Snake's stiff smile was finally moved, her grief and indignation turned into tears, and she nodded frantically desperately.

During these hellish days, she thought of relief all the time.

"I'm sorry, I'm lowly in the lower realm, so I can't help you restore your body, but don't worry, I won't let any of those wicked villains go!" Yuan Yutang's eyes were flushed, and he held back his sore nose and gently stroked from the top of the beautiful snake's head to her throat. place.

The white and slender palms suddenly tightened.

The beautiful snake paused, her pretty face was full of relief and happiness, and then she fell softly into Yuan Yutang's arms.


The villains who didn't dare to do anything looked at each other, and then tiptoed to escape in chaos.

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang, like a shadow behind his back, said coldly without turning his head, "Who dares to take another half step back. I guarantee that his life will be worse than death!"

The villains froze immediately when they heard the words.

A villain with dysentery on his head shouted sternly, "Boy, don't be unreasonable! You are very skilled, but you have to know that there are still mountains in the rivers and lakes. We are members of the colorful sect, and we are really the current nine-tier sect." Don't you have any masters?"

"You and that girl are neither related nor related, why bother to kill them all?"

"Why don't you all take a step back, let us go, and we won't pursue your crime of murder, how about it?"

Yuan Yutang put down the deformed corpse of the beautiful snake that was gradually freezing cold, and recited the soul-crossing mantra three times. After the dead soul was saved, he got up, turned around and said with a sneer, "A group of animals with human faces and beast hearts are also worthy of negotiating conditions with me?"

The evil man with black moles sullenly yelled, "Don't think you're going to kill us, brothers, let's fight together, I don't believe that he really killed us unscathed!"

The rest of the villains also knew that they couldn't do anything good today, so they mustered up their courage and rushed up screaming.

The slogans were shouted loudly, but when he really started to fight, the villain with a mole turned around and jumped off the stage immediately, betraying his so-called brother thoroughly.

"Sure enough, a beast is a beast, how can you understand the value of human nature." Yuan Yutang shook his head and sighed, "Forget it, hell is empty, and some people who shouldn't be alive should go to fill it."

As he said that, his eyes turned cold, Yuan Yutang rushed towards the attacking villain, and started a bloody and cruel massacre.

The ghost of the black mole villain is full of ghosts. He only hates his parents for not giving him a few more legs. He ran from left to right in the crowd with a ferocious face, knocking the spectators who couldn't figure out the situation for a while, and wailed again and again.

After finally getting out of the crowd, the mole villain was overjoyed.

As long as there are a few more steps, he will be able to escape the golden cicada's shell.

However, the next moment his eyes blurred, he saw a stern figure with a fierce aura appearing out of thin air, blocking his way.

"Mother~"

The villain with black moles was so frightened that he fell to the ground, his lips trembled, his thighs trembled, and his heart felt cold.

"Run, why don't you run away?" Yuan Yutang's face was covered with frost, and he said with a smirk, "Good and evil will be rewarded in the end, and the way of heaven is reincarnation. If you don't believe me, look up, the sky will spare you."

"Don't expect to have a good death after doing evil things, go to hell and repent!"

"No, don't kill me~ah~"


Dark clouds covered the top, and it rained continuously.

Under the thick black night, there is a new grave isolated in the suburbs of Kuidou County.

Yuan Yutang stood silently in front of the grave, and beside her was a village woman in men's clothes that didn't fit her knees, who was inexplicably buried in grief and burning paper.

With a faint sigh, Yuan Yutang turned and left sadly.

"Engong, please stay!" Seeing Yuan Yutang about to go away, the village woman didn't care to wipe away her tears. She kowtowed to him three times in a panic, and said in a real weeping voice, "Thank you for saving my life, I'm afraid that this slave family will die." I will not be able to repay it in my life, so I dare to ask the name of my benefactor, and in the future, I will set up a Longevity Temple to worship day and night, so as to pray for my benefactor."

The voice of the village woman is ethereal and clear, like the sound of nature, which does not match her ordinary appearance in the slightest, and is also very recognizable, and it will be unforgettable once she hears it.

Yuan Yutang didn't turn his head back, but said calmly, "Don't get entangled, it's because you didn't deserve to die that you met me. After going through this misfortune, I hope you can do more good deeds in the rest of your life, which can be regarded as repaying me."

The village woman burst into tears, kowtowed her head like pounding green onions, and choked up, "I would like to follow the teachings of my benefactor~"

"All living beings are suffering, and the only way is to cross over by oneself. God's will is impermanent, let nature take its course...Little monk, if you were in such a situation, how would you deal with it?"

"It's hard, it's hard, these days, beasts are eager to become immortals and become human beings, some people are better than others, and they insist on becoming beasts, it's really weird...~"


Kuidou County seems to be alone in the world, and the outside world is in chaos, but here it is peaceful with singing and dancing.

Everyone has their own way of life, Yuan Yutang didn't want to control it, and he couldn't control it, so he simply went out of the city overnight.

In the rivers and lakes of this world, fish and dragons are mixed, and there are three religions and nine streams, and the composition is extremely complicated.

If you want to say which sect is the strongest, no matter how you say it, some people will not be convinced.

But if you want to choose the most despicable sect, Paihuazi in Caimen may be the well-deserved top of the list.

Paihuazi is a group of scumbags who kidnap and sell children, and they specialize in defrauding people of money. There is a unique deceptive drug inside the door, so that the children who don't know what to do will be at their mercy.

Just using indiscriminate drugs to swindle some money, you won't become a public enemy of the rivers and lakes. Puppetry is hateful because they are the only sect that controls the "art of making animals".

Making animals and making animals, as the name suggests, is the magic of using secret methods to create livestock out of thin air.

Creating something out of nothing is the supreme supernatural power of the gods. Of course, Beggar's "art of making animals" is not so powerful.

But when it comes to cruelty, maybe Pai Hanako dares to recognize the second, and no one dares to recognize the first.

Living body amputation, allogeneic transformation, human and animal transplantation, you can do whatever you want.

As for why these people are so devoid of humanity?

The answer is simple, nothing more than interests carry on.

There is no such thing as a beautiful snake with a human head and a snake body in the world, it's just a frenzied Pai Hanako who sewed the girl's head and the body of a boa constrictor together.

For a few filthy money, a good girl transforms into a monster that is neither human nor beast, it is completely devoid of conscience.

And that big singing sow wasn't born with the ability to talk.

It is also a money-making tool man transformed by the "art of making animals".

In his previous life, Yuan Yutang was almost kidnapped by human traffickers when he was a child, leaving a lifetime of shadows.

Since then, he has sworn to live with the traffickers.

New enmity added to old enmity, Yuan Yutang will start killing to scare others.

The most important thing is that during this trip to Kuidou County, Yuan Yutang reaped an unexpected joy.

Using the technique of strange gates, he obtained the "Art of Animal Making" from the group of Paihuazi who suffered thousands of knives, including the mysteries of human body deconstruction, the inner universe, the internal structure of various animals and many other secret techniques.

It may be worthless if it is used in frontal combat, but if used in the right place, the effect may not be inferior to Yuan Yutang's strongest half-day-gang magical power.

In addition to the 'art of making animals', Yuan Yutang also searched for an extremely special item.

A silver, beautifully shaped cross...


		