

Yuan Yutang is in a bitter battle.

Although the Mudstone Terracotta Warriors have the name of Mudstone, they are actually rocks. Their bodies are as hard as iron, and they are hard to hurt by swords.

Rao is that Yuan Yutang's advanced boxing techniques can crush mud, rocks and blades, but they can't hurt them in the slightest.

Moreover, this ghost thing is extremely powerful, every blow is extremely powerful, it is unstoppable like a fierce general on the battlefield, Yuan Yutang was forced to wander around.

It is also fortunate that the soil-deficient people need to be fully focused and remote control the five mudstone terracotta warriors to be unable to cast another spell, otherwise Yuan Yutang would have been unable to hold on.

Despite desperate efforts, Yuan Yutang was already at the end of his strength. Not only was his physical strength exhausted, but the wound he had forcefully healed before also began to burst, as if he had just been fished out of a pool of blood.

"Hey!"

A tall mudstone terracotta warrior wielded a sharp stone knife as thick as a door panel, and slashed at Yuan Yutang like thunder.

Such heavy blows were impossible to bear, Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and jumped to the left.

bump!

When the stone knife fell, the clusters of sharp stalagmites on the ground exploded immediately, flying stones like locusts.

Yuan Yutang was extremely palpitating, thinking that if this knife fell on him, he would be chopped into a pulp.

However, before he could catch his breath, there were two piercing sounds behind him.

Crying incessantly, Yuan Yutang's foot slipped, like a nimble fish swimming in the water, stepping on the scattered stalagmites and dexterously jumping out two feet away.

Boom, boom!

There were two loud noises behind him, and it was not necessary to guess that it was the stalagmite that was killed by the fish in the pond.

Shhhhh~

The potential energy of the flying gravel was not much worse than that of the lead bullets fired by the primitive firecrackers, and Yuan Yutang's entire back was scraped to a bloody mess.

"Hahaha, run away, hide again, let's see how long you can jump around!"

In the distance, the Tuqian who remotely controlled the terracotta warriors laughed loudly, as if they were crazy.

The test inside the bronze door of 'Testing Love' was so terrifying that he didn't even dare to recall it.

It's also thanks to Situ Hongyi's indifference that he didn't ask about the process carefully.

The reason why he was able to survive was that he killed the magic painting scholar to put him on the bottom of his body.

It's just that surviving is not a good thing, that horrible experience took root in his heart like a nightmare, tormenting him all the time.

If he doesn't vent his negative emotions as soon as possible, he feels like he's going to go crazy!

The five mud-stone terracotta warriors were all under the control of one Tuque Sanren, so they cooperated seamlessly, and the offensive continued wave after wave, making Yuan Yutang miserable.

I don't know how long it has passed, Yuan Yutang just wanted to avoid a huge stone knife from a mudstone warrior who swept away a thousand troops.

As soon as I moved my body, I suddenly felt a void in my body.

(Oops!)

Shocked, Yuan Yutang exhausted all his strength and made a backward flip on the iron bridge, narrowly dodging the cutting knife.

Before he could get up, a huge kick came from the sole of his foot.

touch~

The next moment, Yuan Yutang felt that he was flying into the air, happily soaring into the air like a bird, and his mind went blank.

Immediately afterwards, the heart-piercing pain hit the central nervous system.

"Ah~"

Yuan Yutang howled in pain, and saw that his chest was sunken by two inches, the sternum and ribs were all broken.

He fell to the ground like a cannonball, and it was also thanks to him frenziedly leading the mudstone warriors to swim around, causing a lot of stalagmites to be swept away, otherwise he would have been riddled with holes if he fell like this.

However, his luck came to an end.

Finally, Yuan Yutang, who was slipperier than loaches, was severely injured. How could the hostile Tuqian Sanren let go of a god-given opportunity, and hurriedly controlled five mud-rock warriors to rush forward.

Either punches or feet or knives, five mudstone terracotta warriors attack at the same time

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)


Yuan Yutang's whole body convulsed in pain, his eyes were about to split open, and he could only watch helplessly as the scythe of death swung towards him.

(Could it be...are you really going to die this time?)

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang woke up from despair with a burst of shouting.

"Yuan Yutang, you fucking owe me another debt!!"

Immediately after the howling of the wind, an unknown object came through the air and landed precisely on Yuan Yutang's open palm.

Yuan Yutang looked at the exquisite small porcelain bottle that suddenly appeared in the palm of his hand in astonishment.

This, isn't this the small porcelain vase that Situ Hongyi and the others used just now to get rid of the restrictions of the lawless world?

And that voice just now seems to be from Naimertai?

Before he could think about it, his body reacted instinctively.

Enduring the severe pain, Yuan Yutang used up all his remaining strength to uncork the bottle, and poured it over his head very quickly.

The pungent stench permeated quickly, but in Yuan Yutang's heart at this moment, this stench was so charming.

The black and red unknown liquid in the bottle quickly condensed into a blocky honeycomb translucent shield, which blocked the ubiquitous suppression of the lawless world.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang felt mana fluctuations coming from the long-empty dantian like a mountain torrent.

"Hahaha!"

Amidst the uncontrollable laughter, the moisture in the air was inexplicably drawn, quickly condensed into rain, and the turbulent airflow also intensified into wind,

The wind and rain that appeared out of thin air seemed to be connected in series by invisible silk threads, and combined with some mysterious and special trajectory, a strange armor densely covered with runes appeared on Yuan Yutang's body.

The wind and rain sneak into the night, moistening things silently!

"Silence Rune Armor, get up!"

Bang bang bang bang bang!

Five mudstone terracotta warriors were enough to break the Jincracking Stone's terrorist attack as scheduled, but there was nothing to achieve except the explosion.

Under the protection of the silent talisman, Yuan Yutang was safe and sound!

The tiger that fell into Pingyang will finally return to the forest.

"Go away, old man!"

In the awe-inspiring shout, the lingering wind and rain violently violently shrank inward and collapsed, and then a tangible energy the size of a leather ball exploded.

Call the wind and call for the rain—the wind and rain are urgent!

The five mudstone terracotta warriors were caught off guard and were blown upside down.


'Can't understand' looked at Namurtai with a relaxed smile in disbelief, even if he wanted to break his head, he couldn't figure it out.

Naim Ertai would take the initiative to hand over the opportunity to restore his strength to his life and death enemy Yuan Yutang?

This, this is not a dream, is it?

Seeing the stunned and puzzled expression of 'Dig Bu Tong', Naimertai smiled coldly.

"Don't think about it, with your dog's brain, how could you think of Lao Tzu's intention?"

Despite his calm appearance on the surface, Namurtai was in a daze.

The reason why he gave the small porcelain vase he had worked so hard to steal to his enemy Yuan Yutang was actually very simple.

That is profit maximization.

The former master of a movie, Namurtai's way of thinking is different from that of ordinary people.

If it were an ordinary person who encountered his situation, he would definitely choose to use the small porcelain bottle immediately.

But Namurtai habitually considers the overall situation.

First of all, Situ Hongyi and the others are warlocks. They can use the small porcelain bottle to get rid of the restriction of the nine-day reincarnation disk, which does not mean that Naimertai, who is a warrior, can also.

There was a precedent that when all the warlocks were banned from mana when they first entered the secret realm, but the warriors were unharmed, Naimertai really didn't dare to waste the precious opportunity on himself.

Secondly, now he and Yuan Yutang are grasshoppers on the same rope, and the biggest enemy is Situ Hongyi and the other three.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

To unite is life, to divide is death.

So no matter whether Yuan Yutang will cross the river and tear down the bridge to deal with him in the end, in order to survive, he can only fight.

Finally, there is a willingness that is not known to outsiders.

That is, Naimertai actually admires Yuan Yutang very much.

The wolf tribe follows the law of the jungle where the weak prey on the strong. In the wolf tribe, the strong represent everything, and they can gain the respect of everyone.

Although Yuan Yutang was young, the qualities of a strong man such as perseverance, indomitable spirit, and righteousness are not bad. Even if he is placed in a wolf clan full of strong men, he is definitely outstanding.

So from the bottom of his heart, he admired young heroes like Yuan Yutang very much.

But appreciation is appreciation, and the revenge that should be reported must be reported.

As long as the difficulties are overcome, a life-and-death battle will still break out between the two.

The hero can afford it and let it go.

In order to maximize his benefits, Naimertai finally made a difficult choice.

No one can say for sure what will happen in the future, the most urgent thing is to deal with the 'Unable to Dig' first, to be precise, to deal with the extremely evil ghost who beat the child.

Even if he can't be killed, he must be firmly restrained, and he must not be allowed to break the balance of battle on Yuan Yutang's side.

Otherwise, once Yuan Yutang loses, he will definitely die.

After figuring out the key to the problem, Naimertai took the initiative to attack again.

'Du Bu Tong' felt the huge pressure from Nam Ertai, and he didn't dare to distract himself from thinking so much, so he hurriedly sent Dasheng Boy to meet the enemy.


Yuan Yutang was very carefree, unprecedentedly carefree.

Only when some things have been lost can we truly appreciate their preciousness.

With mana in his body, his self-confidence was unprecedentedly high.

Human beings are emotional creatures, and their behavior is affected by emotions. Therefore, the upper limit of measuring a person is subject to great uncertain fluctuations.

Just like the college entrance examination, there are obviously some people who are extremely well prepared, but they panic as soon as they enter the examination room, and eventually lose their names.

And some people, although they don't show their mountains and dews at ordinary times, dare to accept orders at critical moments and make feats that attract the attention of the world.

Yuan Yutang is now in a similar state of overwhelmed confidence, and his mana is surging like never before. Once he uses the supernatural power of summoning wind and rain, there are actually signs of natural disasters like violent wind and rain, and the diameter has reached an astonishing range of two miles.

In the violent storm, Yuan Yutang was entrusted by the wind and rain to levitate in mid-air, like a god or a demon.

The soil-queering man on the edge of the stone pillar cage was stunned for a long time. He never thought that the pig teammate 'Dig Can't Get Through' actually let Naimertai steal the precious 'Returning Yang Blood'.

(Returning yang blood is a treasure cultivated from the blood of thirty-three kinds of creatures from the most filthy to the yin in the world. When the blood of the thirty-three kinds of filthy yin comes together, it will produce a wonderful reaction and become a precious thing that can break all laws. props.)

It was even more unexpected that Naimertai would not use it himself, but gave it to Yuan Yutang.

What surprised him most was that Yuan Yutang was able to erupt such a terrifying momentum.

This is not the aura that a small warlock at the monk level should have!

The more he thought about it, the more outrageous it became. Tuquesanren was already depressed and incomprehensible. Under the anxiety and irritability, it seemed that a string in his mind that was extremely tense suddenly snapped.

"Roar~"

Amidst the mournful howl, the colored ribbons wrapped around Tu Que Sanren's body suddenly snapped, and his bones grew wildly, piercing flesh and blood, and squeezed out his internal organs.

Immediately afterwards, new flesh and blood miraculously regenerated from the huge blood-stained bone, wrapping the blood bone.

The five mudstone terracotta warriors who lost control suddenly collapsed, and the fragments were attracted to the flesh giant like a magnet.

Soon, the Tuqianren turned into a three-foot-tall terrifying giant with flesh and bones inside, rocks covering the outside, and horns on his head.

The scattered people who lack soil have lost their minds!

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		