

It was cold and windy.

Yuan Yutang was suspended in the air, his blood froze into ice before dripping down, and there were long red icicles hanging from his mouth and nose, which looked both comical and miserable.

Linglong and Chen Lang stood side by side by the lake, admiring this cruel scene, with smiles on their faces.

But looking carefully, he found that Chen Lang was faintly half a step behind Linglong, and his posture was also slightly humble, as if he thought he was inferior to Linglong.

"Hehe, it's lucky that this silly boy delivered it to the door, otherwise it would be hard to find live bait in the barren mountains and wild mountains." Linglong said with a smile like a flower.

Chen Lang hesitated for a while, and said, "Master, will this cause trouble? You must know that this kid has achieved monk status in the years of the head, no matter what sect or school he is in, he is a genius. The elders of the sect know it, and fear that there will be no peace in the future..."

"Hehe." Linglong smiled unabated, and said calmly, "Which royal law stipulates that geniuses cannot die young? Those who survive are called geniuses, and those who die? It's just a waste of life and fortune. Do you think they will be famous and decent?" Would your bigwig go to war for a dead scum?"

"Besides, there are thousands of miles of wilderness in the northern part of the Great Wall, so much ice and snow, can't a body be buried?"

"Second brother, second child, the more you live, the more you look back."

Being scolded mercilessly by the yellow-haired girl, Chen Lang was not annoyed at all, but became more respectful instead.

"What the boss learned is that as long as the Henggong fish takes the bait tonight, our mission will be successfully completed this time. Not only will we be able to earn the bounty from the Zhao family in Huizhou, but the Chen family's caravan will make a fortune. You don't have to worry about breaking your leg~" Chen Lang became more excited as he spoke, and the wrinkles on his face seemed to be stretched.

Linglong cast a disdainful glance at Chen Lang, who was in ecstasy, and said contemptuously, "Second brother, I have wasted so many years of teaching you, what about the pattern? Mere yellow and white property makes you so groggy? You don't even realize what is the most precious!"

Chen Lang was taken aback when he heard the words, and he clasped his fists in astonishment and said, "Please make it clear, Master."

Linglong put her hands behind her back and stared forward, "My generation of monks should focus on becoming an immortal against the sky. The glory and wealth of the world of mortals are nothing more than a fleeting moment in my opinion. Only cultivation resources are the most important thing."

"Second brother, do you know the preciousness of Henggong fish? It can eat without confusion, destroying the world's falsehood, do you know how many monks in the world are willing to fight for it?"

"If this trip goes well, with the rare Henggong fish in hand, are you afraid that there will be no superior skills to break through the follow-up realm?"

"Heng male fish is the biggest gain of our trip..."

Chen Lang's heart was boiling with excitement, and he suddenly realized that he had made a formalistic mistake.

He only cares about the yellow and white belongings, but ignores how rare the henggong fish is, and almost picks up the sesame seeds and throws the watermelon.

Still, the head of the family has a long-term vision...

Thinking of this, Chen Lang couldn't help but feel completely convinced by the delicate and lovely Linglong.

Linglong turned her head to look at Lin Er who was crouching on the bank throwing pebbles at Yuan Yutang for fun, and said with a half-smile, "Second brother, the clue to the male fish is Lin Erna's certificate, but this guy's brain There are rebellious bones, and there are evil deeds of killing relatives. Although the business of hunting monsters is mixed, regardless of background, I am a little confused about his intention to join us.

It's better to kill him if there is a chance, so as not to breed tigers, don't you think? "

Chen Lang giggled and didn't answer.


However, there are so many magicians in the world, if you want to say which school is the most powerful, no matter how you rank them, some people will not accept it.

But when it comes to which Dharma lineage is the most resentful, it is estimated that most warlocks will unanimously identify it as a demon hunter.

Demon hunters, as the name suggests, make a living by hunting specific monsters. They do things without profit, and they do things unscrupulously. They do whatever it takes to achieve their goals.

Ordinary warlocks kill demons to do justice for the heavens, while demon hunters hunt demons purely for profit. They like to use living people as bait the most. Disgusting, even the common people fear it like a tiger.

And Linglong and Chen Lang are well-known figures among the demon hunters in the Northeast Road, and they were nicknamed "Qiao Luocha" and "Sitting King Kong".

"You two masters, dinner is ready to eat." Erhu came over and said foolishly.

Linglong nodded slightly, Shi Shiran turned around and walked towards the bonfire that was smoking. Chen Lang looked at Yuan Yutang who was suspended and smiled contemptuously, and left immediately.

The sky quickly darkened, the surrounding wind and snow gradually picked up, and the only sound of howling wind lingered between the heaven and the earth.

Linglong and the others didn't know where to hide, and they disappeared completely. Yuan Yutang was hung on the cantilever of the equipment and drifted in the wind.

Yuan Yutang opened his swollen eyelids slightly, and he behaved honestly throughout the day, as if he had been scared by a lesson.

In fact, he was impacting the power of Jumaisan medicine in his body all the time.

It's a pity that after such a long time, it still failed to force out the medicine.

But it has been calculated, Yuan Yutang felt that the potency of the medicine in his body was greatly weakened, and it was all because of the beating on Liner Road, which helped him dilute a lot of the potency of the medicine.

As long as he is given another midnight, after dawn, he will be able to force out all Juemaisan.

When the time comes, it's time to pay in blood!

In the darkness, Yuan Yutang's eyes seemed to be burning with real anger.

He is not a saint, and he cannot repay evil with kindness.

Since those people want to kill him, he doesn't mind sending some damned people to reincarnate early!


Time passed by bit by bit, the deeper the night, the more frenzied the cold wind became.

At midnight, heavy snow fell, the wind howled, and the world was blurred.

Yuan Yutang, who was trying his best to attack the power of the medicine, suddenly changed his face and looked down in horror.

crackle!

There was a clear crackling sound, and a crack suddenly appeared on the finger-thick smooth ice surface, which spread rapidly like a spider web, and the crackling sound was endless.

Yuan Yutang's hair suddenly stood on end, and he didn't care to hide, he struggled hard.

But before he could break free, the cracked ice suddenly cracked, and countless shards of ice mixed with cold lake water sprayed nearly ten feet high, and a black shadow jumped up from the gap and fell heavily.

Strange to say, after the black shadow appeared, the raging wind and snow stopped miraculously, the heavy clouds in the sky also dispersed, and the cold moonlight swayed down, bright as day.

After Yuan Yutang saw the true face of the black shadow, he couldn't help but gasped.

Seven or eight feet tall, with a fish head and a human body, with pointed fins on its back, and a thick layer of red scales covering its whole body, is this the legendary beast Hengmao that turns into a man in water and turns into a man?

In an instant, the air seemed to freeze, making it uncomfortable.

Yuan Yutang broke out in cold sweat and dared not move.

The Hengmao stared at a pair of huge dead fish eyes, and moved his two small nostrils, as if he was smelling something.

Seeing this scene, Yuan Yutang's heart skipped a beat.

Sure enough, the next moment, Henggong Yu raised his head and found the source of the bloody smell that made it go crazy.

Immediately afterwards, the male fish jumped several feet high on the spot like a spring, and flew towards the suspended Yuan Yutang.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's heartbeat exploded, thinking that he was going to die.

"Do it!"

At the moment when Yuan Yutang's life was hanging by a thread, a clear and tender voice suddenly sounded.

Yuan Yutang suddenly felt that the cantilever behind him was lifted up suddenly, and passed by the rushing male fish.

The blow failed, and the empty Henggong Yu couldn't help screaming angrily. At the same time, the upward trend was exhausted, and he fell down involuntarily.

Unexpectedly, before landing, a strong fishing net made of several pieces of steel wire broke through the air and firmly caught the horizontal male fish hanging in the air.

Not only that, but the steel wire fishing net seemed to be blessed with mana, and as soon as it touched the body of the male fish, white and thick smoke rose, and the air wafted with the smell of burning barbecue.

"Aww~"

Hengmao screamed in pain, desperately trying to tear the wire net.

Unfortunately, the more we struggle, the tighter the fishing net shrinks, and there is an iron chain at the end of each fishing net leading to the shore.

"Close the net!"

Linglong appeared out of nowhere, and changed into a black outfit, her brows were full of evil spirits, and she gave orders loudly.

After receiving the instructions, the people hiding in the dark gathered the net vigorously.

Hengmao was dragged to the shore involuntarily.

call out!

choke!

Clang!

All of a sudden, swords, swords and arrows flew across, and countless phantoms gleaming with cold light suddenly greeted Henggong Yu.


		