

Since Yuan Yutang came to the prison, his sleep has been very shallow, especially when there are horrors every night where the shady soldiers make excuses, he dare not sleep to death at all.

But tonight was weird.

Just now the jailer brought an old man to wake him and Zhuge Wolong up. Yuan Yutang didn't have the habit of being familiar with it, and he didn't want to care about other people's affairs, so he simply turned over and continued to sleep.

But this sleep seemed to fall into a coma in an instant.

In a blur of consciousness, he seemed to be in a market he had never seen before.

There are peddlers carrying pans and yelling in the street, there are vendors selling fresh fruits and vegetables, and there are colorful street performers.

Yuan Yutang felt that the current state was very strange. Although there were people coming and going around, he couldn't hear any sound, as if he was in a silent world.

And he is not watching from the perspective of God, but becomes one of the members in the market.

An ugly man with pockmarked face and short stature who sells wontons.

Inexplicably, he seemed to have forgotten his original appearance, and subconsciously thought that he was an ugly man, and the ugly man was him, and the two of them seemed to merge into one in an instant.

The bright sun at noon was shining with a poisonous light, and the ugly man was sweating profusely in front of the stove, concentrating on pouring wontons into the boiling pot.

The diners on the low tables in front of the paving were whispering, pointing at the ugly man from time to time, and snickering in private.

The ugly man didn't have time to pay attention to some naughty gossips, he just wanted to sell out his wontons and go home.

Although he was ugly, he married a beautiful daughter-in-law who was as beautiful as a flower. He usually held it in his hand for fear of falling, and held it in his mouth for fear of melting. He was reluctant to let his wife do any rough work.

As long as I can see my daughter-in-law's pink face every day when I go home, it will be worth it no matter how hard or tiring I am.

Finally, before the sun set, the ugly man sold out the wontons he had prepared, packed up the stall, and dragged his exhausted body to his home more than ten miles away in a hurry.

By the time he got home, it was already dark.

Looking at the dim light from the paper window in the master bedroom, the ugly man felt his heart surge in an instant.

He couldn't wait to put down the pots and pans that hadn't been cleaned, so he hugged the fragrant lady to keep them tender.

However, when his hand first touched the door, he felt as if he had been struck by lightning.

Because he heard the screeching sound from the bed in the room.

For this family, he got up early and worked in the dark every day, exhausting himself.

Unexpectedly, that bitch would dare to steal a man behind his back.

Anyone who has the slightest bit of blood can't bear such a shame.

In an instant, his blood was full of enthusiasm, and he hurried to the kitchen to pick up the kitchen knife, and he wanted to chop the brazen couple alive.

When he kicked open the door angrily, the two lingering dogs and men on the bed suddenly turned pale with shock.

Pifu was furious, blood spattered five steps.

Immortal sluts and shameless adulterers immediately became the ghosts of ugly men.

But even though he personally killed the adulterer and adulterer, the anger in the ugly man's heart could not be weakened.

She devoted all her heart and soul to loving her daughter-in-law, but what she got in return was a shameful betrayal.

At that moment, his world seemed to collapse.

Knowing that committing a murder case will not end well, coupled with the fact that there is nothing to love in life, the ugly man is deeply saddened, and he actually wants to commit suicide.

After hanging the rope for hanging himself, the ugly man looked nostalgicly at the once warm nest before he died.

It's just that the warmth was instantly replaced by endless resentment.

If he could really turn into a ghost after death, he would definitely kill all the dogs and men in the world.

With full of resentment, he

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The son kicked the bench away.


"Well~"

Yuan Yutang only felt his body fall, and a huge force came from his neck, which made him unable to breathe, and his fragile muscles and bones rattled under the huge pressure.

Breathing became weaker and weaker, and the neck was about to be strangled.

Seeing that he was about to be strangled to death.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang felt a pain in his cheek and woke up instantly. He was shocked to find that his hands were firmly on his neck, and Zhuge Wolong was pulling him desperately to prevent him from committing suicide.

"Stinky boy, you are awake, you really scared a certain family to death."

Zhuge Wolong let go of his hand weakly, sat down beside Yuan Yutang, and scolded wearily, "Isn't it fine before going to bed, why can't I think about suicide all of a sudden? Suicide is a coward's act, which is despised by gentlemen! "

Yuan Yutang was sweating profusely, speechless in a daze.

It was really too dangerous just now, if Zhuge Wolong hadn't been present, I'm afraid he should have strangled himself to death.

In this situation, it is clear that he has encountered a 'capture double'!

But anyone who dies violently will be imprisoned forever at the moment before he dies, just like Yuan Yutang met the earth-binding spirit who was burnt to death before.

However, the dead ghost is different from the earth-bound spirit who is trapped by the terrain. It is not affected by the terrain, but it always repeats the desperate scene before dying until the soul flies away. The whole process is very painful and long, and it will become extremely painful in the long run. aggressive.

If you want to end this unbearable pain, you must find a substitute to suffer in his place.

This is the so-called 'catch a substitute'.


But Yuan Yutang couldn't figure it out, he had been in prison for several days, and he had been living peacefully before, so why did he suddenly encounter a "substitute"?

Unless someone brought the deadly ghost in from outside, it wouldn't make any sense at all.

Inadvertently, he suddenly saw his new cellmate hiding in the corner with his back turned to him, and instantly understood.

Zhuge Wolong didn't hear Yuan Yutang's reply, and he was ready to slap his head with fury.

At this time, Yuan Yutang suddenly grabbed Zhuge Wolong's hand, and said in a low voice cautiously, "What crime did the newcomer commit?"

Zhuge Wolong was stunned when he heard the words, and suppressed his anger and said, "Don't talk about him, a certain family hates cowards the most in your life, don't let a certain family look down on you..."

Yuan Yutang was in a hurry, and said in a more emphatic tone, "Don't drop your book bag, tell me what crime the newcomer has committed!"

Zhuge Wolong was keenly aware of the unusual situation, hesitated for a moment, and replied truthfully, "I heard that he hacked and killed a landlord Lao Cai in this village in public for no reason."

Yuan Yutang's expression changed instantly.

Regardless of whether it is a demon or a ghost, once it sees blood, its ferocity will inevitably double.

No wonder he was so vicious, he attacked him as soon as he came.

If I guessed right, the dead ghost that suddenly appeared must have been brought in by the new old man.

This is troublesome.

The prison cell is like a secret room, sharing the same room with a dead ghost who has seen blood, it is like a sheep entering the tiger's mouth.

Zhuge Wolong saw that Yuan Yutang's face was cloudy and uncertain, no matter how dull he was, he knew something was wrong, so he hurriedly asked, "What happened?"

Yuan Yutang frowned, and said with a wry smile, "Brother, maybe there is a dead ghost in our cell..."

"What?" Zhuge Wolong was startled suddenly, "Why, why is this good-looking man haunted? Don't talk nonsense!"

"I also wish I was talking nonsense, but unfortunately it's not the case...

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Yuan Yutang pointed to the clear finger prints on his neck, and said helplessly, "Look, didn't I almost fall for the Tao? "

Zhuge Wolong gasped, and asked in surprise, "Are you sure you're not joking?"

Yuan Yutang nodded solemnly, and asked frowningly, "Your brother is well-versed in ancient and modern times, did you ever know how to deal with this situation?"

Just as Zhuge Wolong was about to speak, he suddenly froze, staring straight at Chen Sanmin who was curled up in the corner, speechless in astonishment.

Yuan Yutang's heart tightened, and he hurriedly turned his head to look.

With just one glance, he felt chills all over his body.

Judging from his posture, Chen Sanmin is definitely curled up with his hands wrapped around his knees.

However, his head was turned 360 degrees to the back strangely, his gray pupils were exposed on his wrinkled old face, and he was staring at the two of them with a sinister smile.

The two of Yuan Yutang hissed in unison, and felt their scalps tingling instantly.

Is this a desperate rhythm?

Yuan Yutang didn't wait for death with his hands tied up, he hurriedly stood up and put on a Muay Thai stance, Zhuge Wolong also hurriedly took out a small wooden stick from somewhere, and leaned against Yuan Yutang tremblingly.

Both of them are not people who accept fate easily, but they will fight to the end whenever there is a glimmer of life.

The air seemed to freeze in an instant, and the two of them and the ghost faced each other stiffly for half a stick of incense.

Crackling~

Suddenly, a loud thunder came from the exhaust window.

The dead ghost on Chen Sanmin's body finally moved, and his curled up body suddenly stretched out, and then he landed on all fours like a spider, and the four limbs were still in the opposite direction, which was indescribably shocking.

With a flick and a retraction, the whole person actually climbed up to the roof along the wall, his cheeks swelled, and then he screamed violently.

"Wow~"

This extremely sharp and terrifying howling sound overwhelmed the muffled thunder in the sky in an instant, shaking Yuan Yutang and the two of them instantly into a daze.

With this dazed effort, Chen Sanmin, who was so distorted beyond recognition, flew over from the roof ferociously.

Before getting close, a strange and unspeakable cold breath enveloped the two of them.

As soon as they touched each other, the two felt as if they had fallen into an ice cave, their hands and feet were numb and unable to move.

Seeing that the two of them were about to fall under the ghosts.

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang felt ruthless in his heart, and pushed the stunned Zhuge Wolong out with all his strength.

Zhuge Wolong, who fell to the side, was full of astonishment, never expecting Yuan Yutang to be so loyal.

Although Zhuge Wolong was temporarily out of danger, Yuan Yutang fell to the ground and was pushed to the ground by Chen Sanmin.

The back of his head was knocked hard, and Yuan Yutang almost passed out.

Before he could catch his breath, a bad wind came from above, and Yuan Yutang could only do his best to turn his head away.

bump!

With a crisp sound, Yuan Yutang was horrified to find that the hard stone brick had been cracked by Chen Sanmin's head-on bump, and he was terrified.

One blow failed, and Chen Sanmin rammed like a mad dog.

Yuan Yutang was suppressed by Chen Sanmin and couldn't move. The space to escape became smaller and smaller, and his life was hanging by a thread in an instant.

"Wow~"

Chen Sanmin suddenly roared like thunder in his ear, and Yuan Yutang couldn't help being stunned.

With a sinister laugh, Chen Sanmin's ferocious and distorted face hit Yuan Yutang's forehead like a cannonball.

When there was no time to spare, a flash of lightning crashed through the wall, sending the aggressive Chen Sanmin flying away like a meteor.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		