

Situ Hongyi and Naimertai are walking on a strange plain.

The scorched and dry land, the ubiquitous ashes, the dim light, and the rising black mist, this plain seems to have just experienced the baptism of fire, and there are traces of burning everywhere.

Headed by Situ Hongyi, everyone in the team composed of warlocks as the main force was shocked, as if they had just experienced something incredible.

In fact, they did encounter unexplainable weird situations.

Just like Yuan Yutang, after entering the secret realm of the Tianmen Pavilion, all the magic powers of the warlocks disappeared inexplicably.

This is outrageous.

Most of these warlocks are well-informed veterans. Let alone encountering them, they have never heard of bizarre incidents in which mana disappears inexplicably.

Warlocks have no mana, just like a tiger without claws, no wonder they are panicked and everyone is in danger.

On the other side, the team led by Naimertai, which was almost entirely composed of wolf warriors, was hardly affected in any way.

It's just that the atmosphere is a little inexplicably subtle at this time.

It is an indisputable fact that warlocks are stronger than warriors.

Although there are talented warriors who can compete with warlocks, a few cases cannot change the decline of warriors.

Most of Situ Hongyi's team are warlocks. Although the number is not as large as that of Namurtai's side, in terms of overall strength, they are more than equal. Therefore, most of the warlocks are domineering on weekdays, and they have formed an old relationship with wolf warriors. blame.

The situation is stronger than the people, and coupled with the away game, even Naimertai, who is as reckless as Naimertai, is at a disadvantage most of the time.

But now, the situation is reversed at once!

Thinking of the uselessness they had suffered before, the wolf warriors couldn't help but feel a little ready to move.

The warlocks could only beat their hearts and pretend to be calm.

Both Situ Hongyi and Naimertai sensed the strangeness of their subordinates, they couldn't help but frowned at the same time, and joined hands to extinguish any bad signs.

Are you kidding me, is this dog eat dog time?

How can the shadow of a famous tree and the Tianmen Pavilion suspected to be Zhuge Tianji's tomb be child's play?

Before obtaining the legendary opportunity, even if the two sides have the hatred of killing their father, they can only endure it!

Otherwise, once internal strife breaks out, everything will be ruined.

Both of them knew very well that even if they managed to find a chance in the end, they would definitely meet each other to determine the fate of the chance.

But at this moment, do whatever it takes to maintain an apparent harmony.


As everyone went deeper, the smoke became heavier and the visibility became lower and lower.

Everyone felt as if a stone had been pressed against their hearts, and they couldn't breathe heavily.

The ominous atmosphere is everywhere, as if something terrible is about to happen at any moment.

Everyone's nerves were tense, and the excitement when they first entered the secret realm was gone.

"Who, who is in front!"

Suddenly, there was a hurried and blunt Xia Hua in front of him.

No need to think about it, it must be the scouts of the wolf clan who had first spoken Xia dialect and discovered the situation.

This warning broke the balance, and everyone's hearts tensed up, and they instantly became invincible.

"What's going on?" Namur Taichu sternly shouted calmly.

However, what answered him was indeed a cluster of explosions that struck swiftly.

Boom~

Like a flower bomb falling to the ground and exploding, a strong air wave hit.

The warlocks at the front immediately brought disaster to Chi Yu, lost their mana to protect their bodies, and before they even had time to say their last words, they were instantly torn to pieces by the blast.

The rest of the people were also stunned by the blast.

Before the panicked people figured out the situation, weird explosions struck again one after another.

boom boom boom~

In an instant, they were like targets locked by artillery. They were blown dizzy and suffered heavy casualties.

"Ah~"

"Save me, save me~"

"Woo~"

The sound of explosions and wailing screams joined together, and they were attacked inexplicably. Even Situ Hongyi and Naimertai, who were deeply in the city, could not keep their composure.

"Where is the golden armor's forehead?" Naimertai shouted sharply.

"This servant is here!" In the dense fog, a low and rough voice sounded like a cow's moo, followed by a huge figure like a hill running quickly.

If you take a closer look, that bear-like giant is not the same as the wolf tribe Saktu, who killed two young heroes, Yuan Yutang and Situ Shanu, on the battlefield of Tongshan Pass. Commander Toto Mobi?

Unexpectedly, this killing god would follow the fallen Naimertai loyally.

The situation is urgent, and if one fails, everyone present will be wiped out.

Naimertai had no time to discuss with Situ Hongyi, so he gave orders, "My station auspiciously orders you to lead the fifty gold-armored Baya Layong soldiers of the headquarters to divide into two groups, to find out the source of the explosion along the way, and to stabilize the order along the way. If anyone dares to make trouble, Kill without mercy!"

"Your servant obeys orders!" Totomo promised in a low voice, and immediately carried out the order swiftly and resolutely.

At this time, Naimertai noticed that Situ Hongyi's face was very ugly, so he pretended to confess, "Mr. Please bear with me."

Situ Hongyi's chest was full of anger, whether it was an accidental mistake or a deliberate one, only Naimertai himself knew this.

But it is undeniable that this is the best emergency measure, and Situ Hongyi still knows the urgency and slowness of the matter.

But in this way, the dominance of the team will inevitably fall into the hands of Naimertai.

Although he was very unhappy in his heart, Situ Hongyi also knew that now was not the time to turn his face, so he could only suffer from being dumb.


It is said that Tuo Tuombi gathered fifty gold-armored Bayara warriors, and thirty men went to maintain order. He personally led twenty men into the thick smoke with a murderous spirit.

Compared with the inexplicably powerful Warlock, his strength is not compromised at all, and he even ranks among the top five among all people.

Speaking of which, Toto Mobi can be regarded as a strange person.

He is an abandoned baby raised by wolves since he was a child. He is born with supernatural powers and can tear tigers and leopards at the age of five.

During a hunt, he was captured by wolf tribe warriors. Originally, the fate waiting for him would be to be used as a pastime tool for noble lords in an iron cage, or he might die in a fight with wild beasts one day.

It was Naimertai who gave him a second life, not only enlightening him personally, but even treating him better than his own son.

With a simple mind, he regards Namurtai as his reborn parent, and has made great achievements for him many times over the years.

It can be said that Naimertai's merit book has at least 30% of the credit for Toto Mobi.

As long as Naimertai gave orders, whether it was going up the mountain of swords or down into the sea of ​​fire, Toto Mobi would not frown.

"Master Erzhen, there is a situation ahead!"

The golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers are elites who have experienced many battles, and any disturbance can hardly escape their eyes.

Totomobi heard the words and looked, and saw a black shadow staggering towards the thick smoke ahead.

Eyes bursting with fierce light, Toto Mobi performed a textbook-like archery technique, unloading the bow, nodding the arrow, pulling the string, and releasing the arrow. The whole set of movements was smooth and smooth, and he completed the four tedious tasks almost in an instant. A step of.

The armor-piercing flat shovel heavy arrow with kinetic energy not inferior to that of a firecracker within a short distance ripped through the thick smoke like a frightened bird, and instantly hit the target seventy steps away.

The thick smoke that obstructed the line of sight was briefly dispelled by the strong wind from the heavy arrows, which also allowed the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers to see clearly who was attacking.

But just looking at it, even the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers whose nerves were tougher than steel couldn't help but gasp.

That's not something that should exist in the world!

The staggering black shadow turned out to be a monster with a big belly, a head and a face, with twisted limbs and a head.

The most frightening thing was that under the blessing of Tuotuo Mubi's divine power, the armor-piercing heavy arrow, which was capable of piercing a foot-thick steel plate, could only break through the oily skin of the monster's bulging belly as if it were pregnant in October.

The faceless monster flicked away the heavy arrow as if unconscious, and continued to walk forward with slanted shoulders and hips.

Toto Mubi's face darkened, feeling that his self-esteem had been offended for no reason.

I have been fighting on the battlefield for more than ten years, and there are only a handful of enemies who can match him, so I have never suffered such contempt.

When he became angry, he ignored the obstruction of his men and rushed out like an angry rhinoceros.

Approaching ten steps, Toto Mobi let out an angry roar, raised his fist and punched out suddenly, the sharp and thick zhenqi formed a vortex-shaped cone.

This punch condensed 100% of Totomobi's skill, as if it could penetrate even the void, and fiercely punched the faceless monster who was walking towards Lanshan.

However, the faceless monster still turned a blind eye to it, allowing the shocking punch to hit its chest and abdomen.

touch~

boom~

The two voices were almost superimposed and sounded at the same time.

The bang was the muffled sound of Totomobi hitting the faceless monster.

The booming sound is the sound from the faceless monster's body.

Flames suddenly appeared, air waves surged, and the faceless monster exploded in an instant.

This explosion was more violent than any previous one.

Toto Mubi, who was the first to bear the brunt, didn't even have time to hum, his protective qi shattered, his attacking right arm instantly exploded into minced meat, and then his burly body was thrown out like a rag bag.

The rest of the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers were even worse, they couldn't even escape, and their bodies were smashed to pieces in an instant.

The terrifying power of the explosion scattered the thick smoke within a mile radius, and it was like the last straw that broke the camel's back, breaking the nerves of the survivors who seemed to be frightened by the bow.

Losing the cover of thick smoke, everyone was horrified to find that the surroundings were densely packed with faceless monsters, which had already surrounded them tightly.

"Ah, run, I don't want to die~"

I don't know that the frightened unlucky guy yelled, and the rest of the people were blown up in an instant, running around like headless chickens.

In the final analysis, most of the people present were mobs formed temporarily because of their interests. They might fight alone and still have two skills, but it was about discipline.

Sorry, I can only tell you that I think too much.

When Situ Hongyi and Naimertai saw this, their hearts sank.

The danger ahead is unknown, whether they are used as a backup in danger, or used as cannon fodder for pathfinding, these people cannot be separated, at least not yet.

Just when they were about to turn the tide, their faces froze suddenly at the same time.

An unlucky guy in a panic didn't pay attention to the situation, and accidentally fell into the arms of the nearest faceless monster.

He froze for a moment, a dazzling explosion flashed in his eyes.

boom~


		