

Yuan Yutang stood blankly in an extremely empty hall, lost in thought.

After a long time, his empty eyes finally recovered.

He knew that the conversation with Zhuge Tianji just now happened for real, it was not his daydream, but it was carried out in a mysterious and mysterious way similar to divine friendship.

After finally suppressing the shocking news that Zhuge Tianji, a generation of strange people, is a time traveler, he couldn't help but feel exhausted physically and mentally.

Heaving a sigh of relief, he began to look at the interior of the legendary Tianmen attic.

Different from the beautiful exterior, there is only an empty hall inside the attic, and there are no stairs leading to the upper floor. There is nothing but three bronze doors with different shapes at the end of the hall. It can be described as simple. .

The three bronze gates are almost identical in shape, and the only thing that can be distinguished is the ancient seal characters on the gates, which can be vaguely guessed, namely: test of love, good and evil, and courage.

If I guessed correctly, the test Zhuge Tianji mentioned must be behind the bronze gate.

There are only three bronze doors. Does it mean that there are three different tests and you need to pass them all, or do you just need to choose one of the three?

There was no reliable source of information to analyze, and it took a lot of hard work to get here. Yuan Yutang didn't want to be intimidated anymore, so he simply chose to be reckless.

Coming closer and looking at the three bronze doors, Yuan Yutang chose the middle bronze door engraved with 'good and evil' based on his feeling.

With a slight push, the seemingly heavy bronze door slowly opened, and at the same time, a vicissitudes and mysterious atmosphere permeated from the inside.

Yuan Yutang regained his composure, stabilized his emotions, and walked into the chaotic and blurred door.


At the same time, the mist surged, and a crack opened out of thin air in the empty square inlaid with soft light crystals, and four bewildered figures jumped out of it.

Situ Hongyi, who was dressed in white like snow, vomited and cursed, "Ow~ I dug you bastard, didn't you say there would be no danger? Why are you so uncomfortable, oh~"

'Unable to Dig' on the side was also out of breath, and stammered with a livid face, "Ouch, my lord, you can't blame me for this, breaking through the wall is a huge risk, not to mention It is a great fortune to be able to escape from the Houtian gossip killing formation set up by Zhuge Tianji himself, and to be able to survive..."

Tu Que Sanren and Magic Painting Scholar were speechless.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The four of them vomited profusely, as if they wanted to vomit all their internal organs out of their bodies.

If possible, they don't want to try the so-called wall-breaking shuttle in their life.

That feeling is a hundred times more uncomfortable than that of landlubbers going out to sea by boat.

After a long time, the four of them felt the deadly dizziness subside.

'Dig Butong' just took a breath, and inadvertently cast his eyes away at the Tianmen attic, which seemed to be floating above the nine heavens, his eyes widened suddenly, he gasped, and kept pulling Situ Hongyi's sleeves with his hands.

Situ Hongyi flicked it away angrily, and was about to reprimand 'Dig Butong' for his rude behavior, big or small, when he accidentally saw the Tianmen Attic, and was immediately stunned as if infected.

Regardless of his weakness, Situ Hongyi scrambled to stand up and looked at the mysterious tower high in the sky, and said to himself in a dazzled voice, "This, is this the legendary Tianmen Pavilion? It's incredible that there is such a magical place in the world. It is not an exaggeration to say that the mysterious building is a miracle..."

Tuque Sanren and Mo Hua Scholar were also shocked beyond measure, gasping one after another, as if they were in a competition.

After a while, Situ Hongyi came back to his senses with burning eyes, and said with a sinister smile, "Let's go, the opportunity is in front of us, and I swear to take it!"

Immediately, with a pilgrimage-like mood, the four of them carefully stepped onto the suspended stone steps like a Milky Way bridge.

Unlike when Yuan Yutang came, Situ Hongyi and the others didn't encounter the spectacle of the four holy beasts appearing, nor did they encounter the space-disordered ghost hitting the wall.

But even so, when they set foot on the Tianmen platform, even though they had been mentally prepared, they were still deeply shocked by the main body of the pavilion once again.

When they approached the pavilion, 'Dug Bu Tong' saw the vermilion lacquer gate open quietly, and immediately reminded Situ Hongyi, "No, the door is open, someone might get in first!"

The three of them were startled when they heard the words, and hurriedly looked, and sure enough, the vermilion lacquered door was open glaringly as they said 'I can't dig it through'.

For a while, the four of them hesitated.

Go in, afraid of being ambushed.

Give up, it's hard to come here, how can you be willing?

The four of them had been suspicious for a long time, but in the end it was Situ Hongyi's unwillingness to gain the upper hand, and he made a tough decision.

If he didn't go in and take a look, even if he died, he wouldn't be reconciled.

Now that Situ Hongyi has already made a decision,'

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Can't make it through' The three of them didn't dare to refute, so they could only bite the bullet and follow forward.

The turtle approached the vermilion lacquer gate quickly, and the three of them, such as 'Dig Budao', rushed in at an instant speed, and then they were fully alert in three directions.

I don't know what benefit Situ Hongyi gave the three of them, so that the three of them were so loyal to him and willing to risk themselves.

It's a pity that all the winking was done to the blind man.

There is nothing inside.

After confirming that there was no danger, Situ Hongyi was willing to go in.

"My lord, look, the door in the middle of the three bronze doors has been opened!" 'Unable to Dig' yelled loudly, pointing at the open bronze door inscribed with 'Good and Evil' as if asking for credit.

Seeing this, Situ Hongyi was stunned for a moment, and then his face darkened.

It's like planting arable land after sowing hard work, and seeing that the harvest is about to be harvested, and suddenly the farmland is forcibly occupied by someone, the sense of loss that the wish has failed can be imagined.

Mr. Situ has always been the only one to pick other people's peaches, and no one has dared to pick his peaches.

It's just that it's done, no matter how upset you are, it won't help.

The empty hall is clear at a glance, and there are no stairs leading upstairs. Presumably, the great opportunity is hidden behind the three bronze doors.

The most urgent task is to determine whether to follow the opened bronze door to pursue the person who entered early, or to find another way to chase bravely through the other two bronze doors that have not yet been opened.

Opportunity competition is like a life-and-death contest, there is no repetition, once the wrong choice is made, the consequences will be disastrous.

Which option is the correct choice?


Just as Situ Hongyi was thinking hard about how to choose, the void that had healed under the square suddenly opened another crack.

A muddy figure jumped out of it.

This man was not like Situ Hongyi and the others who couldn't afford to vomit. He had a pair of bloodshot tiger eyes full of murderous aura.

Looking at the Tianmen loft in the sky, his face twitched for a while, and then he seemed to say a sentence through his teeth:

"Puppy Situ, who killed a thousand knives, didn't expect me to be alive, did he?"

"I'm not only alive, but I'm chasing after him to collect debts!"

"Pray, pray don't fall into my hands, otherwise I, Naimertai, will teach you what is regret!!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		