

tick!

Wang Ergou frowned in his sleep, as if he felt some cold liquid dripping on his back, he couldn't help opening his eyes in a daze.

As far as the eye can see, it is all a piece of miserable green. After being shocked suddenly, people wake up in an instant.

"Hey, what's going on here?" Wang Ergou said to himself with a trembling mouth and fearful eyes.

"King~two~dog~"

Suddenly, there was a gloomy sound from the head, and it was hard to distinguish whether it was a sharp sound of laughter or crying.

Wang Ergou's heart tightened, and he couldn't help looking up.

With just one glance, the blood in his whole body seemed to be frozen, and his whole body was chilling. All the words were stuck in his throat, and he opened his mouth wide to make an unconscious sound of ho ho.

On the cobweb-covered roof, there was a large pool of dark red liquid flowing, which soon converged into a bloodshot venomous human eye, staring at Wang Ergou, and asked one by one:

"Wang Ergou, do you remember me?"

"I'm your hair boy Wang Zhongqing~"

"...When you were young, you liked to steal the apricots from the village head Wang Laizi's house. Every time I helped you watch the wind, and every time you were found out, I was the one to take the blame..."

"...When you grow up, you often hang out with local gangsters. Every time you get arrested in a fight in the city, I will redeem you..."

"...When your mother died of illness and had no money to bury her, I sold the cattle at home to help your mother with the funeral..."

"... These, do you remember?"

Every time the terrifying human eyes said a word, the blood in the eyeballs became more bloodshot, and the eyes became more venomous, as if staring from the abyss of hell, Wang Ergou's face was pale with fright, his stiff body shook like a spring, The crotch was wet, and two puddles of foul-smelling yellow liquid flowed down the trouser legs.

It was frightening to pee.

Such a cowardly person, how could he be as arrogant as he was before when he was drinking and eating meat?

"...I, Wang Zhongqing, ask myself that I have never been sorry to you, how can you repay my friendship?"

Suddenly, the air seemed to freeze in an instant, and a dark wind rose out of nowhere, sweeping wildly in the house, knocking the furniture objects tottering.

In an instant, an unprecedented fear enveloped Wang Ergou's body and mind. His heartbeat accelerated sharply, his pupils suddenly narrowed, and his breathing almost suffocated.

Facing the soul-pointing torture, Wang Ergou couldn't quibble, and desperately wanted to escape under extreme fear, not wanting to stiffen his body, his footsteps seemed to be nailed in place, and he couldn't move.

His eyes were slightly closed, and when he opened them again, a line of shocking tears of blood flowed down his face, and he asked angrily, "For one bite of food, you have left our friendship of more than twenty years behind, I just want to ask you a question , that bowl of rice stained with the blood of my husband and wife is delicious?"

"I want to ask you one more question, in the past twenty years, in countless midnight dreams, have you ever felt a little bit of remorse for your evil deeds?"

Wang Ergou was dumbfounded, he could only hiss and gasp, but he couldn't speak at all.

Huo Di, the raging wind in the house suddenly intensified, the temperature dropped below zero, thin frost condensed on the ground and walls, human eyes protruded suddenly, and a terrifying ghost's head bleeding from seven holes protruded from the roof.

This is followed by the neck, hands, torso, and finally the feet.

A bloody ghost hangs upside down on the roof like this, staring directly at Wang Ergou who is shaking like chaff.

This ghost is clearly his brother-in-law Wang Zhongqing!

Wang Zhongqing is finally back, and wants to seek justice for the blood debt of twenty years ago!

At this moment, Wang Ergou finally regretted it.

But now I regret it, is it still useful?

Wang Zhongqing, no, it should be said that the evil ghost Meng Shuang did not immediately kill the enemy in front of him.

Turning around suddenly, behind her was a female ghost whose body was white and swollen, her face was swollen like a big white steamed bun, and there was a big red Guanyin mole between her eyebrows.

The female ghost also had both hands and feet, hanging her limbs like this, as if sticking to Wang Zhongqing's back-to-back, smiled brightly at Wang Ergou, and said darkly, "Uncle Ergou, don't you usually like to peek at my slave's house very much?" Is it? You often steal the belly pockets of slaves to do such dirty things. These slaves have known it for a long time, and you are secretly acting because you care about your husband, right?"

As he spoke, he raised his orchid fingers, cast a terrifying wink, and said with a 'charming' smile, "There is no need to worry about it now, I will let my uncle see enough of my family's integrity, does Uncle Ergou think my family is still beautiful?"

Boundless fear surged, and Wang Ergou finally couldn't help it, holding his head and screaming hysterically.

"Ahhh, I know I was wrong, please forgive me~"

The female ghost gave a 'smile', a grin of extreme resentment appeared on the ferocious ghost's face, and said harshly, "Now you beg the slave to let you go, when you personally escorted the slave to accompany the dog officer, did you ever pay attention to the slave's begging for mercy? "

"Livestock still know how to repay their kindness, and tie a grass to hold a ring..."

"You are selfish, repay your kindness with revenge, and ruin the happiness of our husband and wife with your own hands for a bite of food. It is also a disaster to keep a scum like you..."

"Come on, come with us, and sink into eternity together..."

As she said that, the female ghost opened her arms, and her swollen chest suddenly split open, like a big bloody mouth, which was full of interlaced sharp teeth, and slowly moved towards Wang Ergou.

"No, no, don't~"

A terrified howl tore through the night sky, and soon subsided, as if nothing had happened.


The ancestral hall in the village is like a bloody slaughterhouse.

The blood stains all over the ground almost converged into a stream. Countless limbs and broken arms were floating on the bloody water. The walls, beams, and roofs were all soaked in a large amount of blood.

The faces of more than a hundred mutilated corpses that had died without a trace were filled with fear, and their empty eyes seemed to be complaining silently.

The ancestral hall that was crowded just now was empty, and now only two people can stand.

A young man with trembling teeth and a flustered expression was holding a kitchen knife in his hand, crouching in the corner like a frightened bird, looking around nervously, nervously guarding for something.

The usually respectable villager was struggling to stand with a cane, his face was pale, his body was drenched in blood, and he was shaking like chaff in fear.

Just now, Meng Shuangshi, the evil debt collector that Men Hulu mentioned during the day, appeared, and slaughtered all the villagers in the ancestral hall like pigs and dogs with horrific means.

The scene was extremely bloody and violent, and mortals had no power to resist in front of the ghosts. They would die if they touched them, and they would be injured if they touched them.

The fragile human body is like paper in the hands of the evil spirit, and it will be torn apart with a slight tear.

After a while, the two of them were the only ones left breathing in the ancestral hall.

I don't know what Meng Shuang's mentality is, but he didn't kill the two of them immediately, and suddenly disappeared out of thin air, leaving them to suffer from fear.

In fact, there were six people who were not killed immediately at the earliest, but those four people did not know whether they were dead or alive, and tried to escape in vain. They had just taken half a step out of the ancestral hall, and they were dismembered in an instant.

In the end, the two surviving people learned from their mistakes, knowing that this place is not suitable for staying for a long time, but they dare not cross the threshold.

Sometimes living is harder than dying.

For example, the two surviving people faced a house full of corpses, and there was a strong and unresolved pungent bloody smell in the air, and every moment seemed as long as a lifetime.

This pervasive and lingering terror is the most tormenting, enough to drive a man mad.

After a while, without Meng Shuang's action, just the horrifying dead silence will scare them to death.

"Jie jie jie..."

Suddenly, a burst of horrible laughter seemed to be clogged out of thin air, breaking the extremely suppressed dead silence.

"Ahhh~"

Hiding in the corner, the young man was already on the verge of collapse. The sudden terrifying laughter was like the last straw that overwhelmed the camel's camel. This desperate hell cage.

"Silly, don't do stupid things, come back!"

Muramasa was still a little sober, and hurriedly stopped drinking when he saw this.

However, Shagen was so frightened that he would rather die than stay a second longer.

As soon as the front foot stepped out of the threshold of the ancestral hall, a spring of blood shot out in an instant.

In Muramasa's horrified vision, Shagen instantly turned into a ball of flesh and blood fireworks as if explosives were buried in his body.

The splashed flesh and blood splashed like a torrential rain, as if encountering an invisible obstacle, they were intercepted halfway.

The flowing flesh and blood outlined a human silhouette in the void, from shallow to deep, from virtual to real.

Two heads, four hands and four legs.

It is indeed Meng Shuangshi, the evil ghost who has gone and returned!

As soon as he saw Meng Shuang's appearance, Cunzheng took a sharp breath, his feet slipped, and he immediately fell into a pool of blood.

"I'm sorry, old villager, I've been waiting for a long time. I just went to take care of an old friend, and it took a little time." It was the male ghost Wang Zhongqing who spoke.

After finishing speaking, Meng Shuang turned her head and seamlessly switched to the female ghost Chen Zhilan, smiling charmingly, "Uncle, I haven't seen you for twenty years, my niece misses you so much."

Well, in ancient times, the area was closed, and few people married far away, and most of them married locally. Therefore, after many years of development, most of the residents in the same area were related.

According to seniority, Muramasa is indeed Chen Zhilan's uncle.

However, it was this uncle who was respected by the villagers, in order to feed himself and live, he sent his niece to the dog official for lewd pleasures, and sent a loving couple to a dead end with his own hands.

Under the extreme fear, Muramasa was unconscious and trembling with fear.

"Uncle, when my niece first married into your village, you promised my niece that if you have any difficulties in the future, you can come to me..."

"Under the Underworld, I'm really lonely, my niece dared to beg my uncle to come and accompany me..."

"Do you agree, or do you not agree?"

After the words were finished, Mengshuang's body transformed into the male ghost Wang Zhongqing again, Qikong stared at the ashen-faced Cunzheng bleedingly, and asked like crying blood, "The sage has a saying, but do good deeds, don't ask about the future, I Wang Zhongqing has read poetry and books since he was a child, and he often uses the words of a sage to be strict with himself, to do good deeds and accumulate virtue, without asking for anything in return, how could he end up with his family ruined and his family destroyed?"

"However, you and other scumbags, who have committed sinful debts that hurt the heavens and justice, can live in the world?"

"Should good people be bullied by nature, and bad people should be free? How can there be such a muddled truth in the world?"

"Fortunately, I also studied Buddhism before, and found the answer from it..."

"The Buddha said: It's not that we don't report, it's just that the time hasn't come..."

"Muramasa, thanks to your 'gracious care', your retribution..."

"It's time to come..."

"Ah, don't~~"


		