

rumbling~

The billowing thunder tore through the thick, ink-like sky as if endlessly.

There was no fire in the simple camp under the night, and there were more than 20 people in the darkness, guarding all directions.

This rainforest is full of weirdness, and there are too many bloody lessons before, so there is no room for their carelessness.

Andalu was born in Zhenglan Banner, one of the three banners of Tushanbu. He is a serious Baylor nobleman, and also a glorious warrior with the highest honor in the Wolf Army, the Golden Armored Baya La Frontier.

Originally, he should have made great achievements on the battlefield, massacred those incompetent Xia people who were as weak as sheep, and enjoyed killing and glory.

It's a pity that everything was reduced to ashes with the decline of the Tushan tribe.

As a descendant of the Bannerman whose roots are positive and Miaohong, even though Naimertai has been knocked out of the mortal world and his chances of turning over are slim, Andalu has never had the idea of ​​rebellion.

As long as Naimertai still has ambitions, he is willing to fight for it all his life, even at the expense of his life.

These days in the rainforest have already exhausted Andalu's energy, how can he recover simply by sleeping.

Even though he is so sleepy now, he still refuses to relax his vigilance, unlike those cowardly and useless Xia people warlocks, who would look for loopholes to catch up on sleep when they neglected to watch over them.

He dutifully guarded the only slope leading to the rainforest.

The thunder billowed overhead, illuminating the surroundings flickeringly from time to time, and staring and guarding for a long time was undoubtedly a torment.

Feeling that his eyes were extremely sore, he finally couldn't help closing them to rest.

As soon as he closed his eyes, he keenly heard an unusual sound coming from the bottom of the hillside.

Opening his eyes suddenly, he suddenly drew his bow and arrow and shouted:

"Who's over there?"

This warning woke everyone up immediately, and the entire camp was boiling like boiling water.

"What happened?"

Dozens of men who were soundly sleeping soundly woke up from their sleep in horror, running around like headless chickens.

Compared with well-trained wolf warriors, those pampered warlock masters are not even as good as motley troops.

Naimertai hurried to Andalu's side, and shouted in a concentrated voice, "But there is a monster coming?"

Before Andalu could answer, a panicked voice came from the dark place ahead:

"Master Taiji, you are my slave~"

Just at this time, a thunderbolt flashed across the sky, illuminating the earth as bright as day, and leaving the man in the darkness nowhere to hide.

After seeing who was coming, the wolf warriors who heard the news and came to support them all heaved a sigh of relief.

It was Moss, a clansman who went out to relieve himself.

An older wolf warrior shouted displeasedly, "Will you get lost every time you pee, I thought you were eaten by a ghost!"

As he said that, he was about to go up and teach this junior who was neither serious nor serious.

The moment he took a step, Andalu suddenly stood in front of him, and said anxiously, "Don't go, just now I clearly remembered that Moss went to the cliff to have a rest, why did he make a big circle and come here ?”

Andalu's words surprised everyone present.

Yes, there is no way to go on the cliff, unless Moss jumps down the stream and swims a big circle, otherwise it is impossible to appear at the bottom of the hill.

At this time, Moss raised the wet corner of his clothes, and explained with a wry smile, "Don't mention it, it's not because of the black lights, one fell down without paying attention, and I splashed in the water for a long time before I got ashore. Did you go around the hillside?"

He glared at the old warrior just now and said, "Old Langpi, you are blind, don't you remember that you owe me five taels of gambling money? Do you want to kill me so that you can cancel the debt?"

This statement makes sense, but trust is like a fragile mirror. Once there is a crack, it is difficult to make up for it.

Especially in the weird rainforest where the murderous intent is on the verge of death, no one dares to make fun of his own life easily.

Seeing that everyone was indifferent, Moss couldn't help being impatient, and subconsciously took a step forward.

call out!

The shrill sound of piercing the air suddenly sounded, and a heavy arrow with a flat shovel was directly inserted into the position where Moss was about to land, which made him tremble all over, and dared not to drop his hanging feet.

"Dare to take another half step forward, and the next arrow will hit your throat!" Anda Lumian calmly re-armed his bow and arrow, warning coldly.

After this delay, Situ Hongyi also regrouped his men and rushed over, watching the wolf dog bite the dog with great interest, and had no intention of helping at all.

Namurtai's face was as gloomy as water, as if he was contemplating to distinguish the truth from what Moss said.

In normal times, he wouldn't think about it at all, and would kill anyone who threatened him, no matter humans or animals.

But it can't work now, he is deeply trapped in the unknown, and one of his subordinates is dead, and one is missing. Unless it is a last resort, he really doesn't want to give up on Moss.

"Master Taiji, slave, slave is really your loyal Moss

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Ah~"

Moss was about to cry, and said with a sob, "You forgot that during the three years in Taikang, you fell in love with Anlan Gege, and it was the servant who personally went to help you bring him back..."

Anlan Gege is the most beloved jewel in the palm of Taitaihachi, the nominal co-lord of the wolf clan. He disappeared for no reason in the third year of Taikang, and his whereabouts are still unknown.

Even the slave chieftain who lost his beloved daughter back then took his anger out on Situ Mo, and did not hesitate to mobilize his troops to provoke a war, and slaughtered seventeen cities on the border one after another.

Unexpectedly, Naimertai was the instigator behind this unsolved historical case more than ten years ago.

Hearing that the culprit who made his family blamed for more than ten years was right in front of him, even if the city government was as deep as Situ Hongyi, he couldn't help gnashing his teeth, and almost couldn't help but turn his face in public.

Naimertai's face was exposed under the eyes of everyone, and Namurtai blushed, and immediately became angry, wishing to kill the outspoken Moss immediately.

Even such a hidden secret can be revealed, and everyone has doubts about the authenticity of Moss.

The old warrior who was cursing just now pushed away from Andalo, and was about to go up to protect Moss under the guise of punishment.

The moment the old warrior approached Moss, Namurtai's face suddenly changed, and an extremely dangerous premonition arose in his heart.

Before he had time to remind, Moss, who had been flattering and flattering just now, froze suddenly, and a dozen blood lines appeared in all directions on his big head, and then split open like a sunflower in vain.

Each 'petal' is covered with sharp teeth, and taking advantage of the moment when the old warrior stumbled, Moss's split head suddenly closed.

With a click, the entire head of the old warrior disappeared, and blood gushed out of his incomplete neck cavity. After shaking a few times, he fell to the ground without a sound.

This terrifying scene directly made everyone's hair stand on end.

Moss quickly deformed while chewing the delicious food in his mouth.

In the blink of an eye, he changed from a normal human form to a terrifying monster with a length of five feet and a crocodile head and python body.

"Roar~"

The crocodile-headed python-bodied monster roared upwards, followed by echoing roars from all directions.

Everyone's heart was shocked, and they suddenly felt that a catastrophe was imminent.


Yuan Yutang seemed to be in a half-dream and half-awake state.

In a daze, he seemed to see a scene:

More than three hundred years ago, the Western Continent, which was far away from the Middle Earth of China, was in the dark age of war among the nations.

Although the sky is not the same, the common people probably have the same fate.

At that time, countless low-level common people in the Western Continent were living in dire straits, while the princes and nobles were singing and singing every night, living a life of extravagance, which was very similar to the Shenzhou Dynasty.

The only difference is that the theocracy of the Western Continent is above the imperial power.

The Holy Cult is the only religion recognized in the Western Continent. Although all countries are trying to figure it out, it does not prevent them from believing in the same god—the victim.

In the Western Continent, the status of the clergy is transcendent, sometimes even more noble than the nobles.

Moreover, the sacred vocation of dedicating to the Lord and serving the Lord is available to everyone, and they need to go through strict screening before they can take up the position.

Over time, a special kind of high-level class appeared in various countries-the priestly family.

And Ornov was born in a high priestly family.

Since Ornov's enlightenment, the elders of the family have instilled in him a concept that the world was created by the Lord, and that thunder, rain, and dew are all divine graces, and humble human beings should be grateful to the Lord, and it is the supreme glory to serve the Lord.

If there is no accident, when someone in the family dies and abdicates, Ornov can succeed smoothly and become a rising star of the Holy Church, continuing the glory of the family.

However, when Ornov took over the position of the deceased elder at the eighteenth-year-old adult ceremony, and when he was baptized and crowned and put on a holy robe, an oriental who traveled across the ocean changed his predetermined destiny.

That man is elegant, handsome, knowledgeable, and good at talking. He is proficient in all the historical theories of the Western Continent, like an omnipotent saint.

For the first time, Ornov, known as a genius since he was a child, felt ashamed in front of the mysterious oriental man, and at the same time, he was aroused by the oriental world described by the oriental population. Strong curiosity.

Then as the communication deepened, Onof, who had a strong learning ability, was shocked.

No, it would be too one-sided to describe Ornov's mood as shock.

should be……

His three views, knowledge, experience, everything has been changed, from an essential change.

Because that Easterner is trying to build a heaven, a great earthly heaven!

"...on the day when I succeed, I want to be free from exploitation and all beings are equal..."

"...When I succeed, I want that person to live and work in peace and contentment, free and free from worries..."

"...on the day when I succeed, I want the monsters, gods and Buddhas to disappear..."

"...The above is what I pursue and fulfill

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

A dream of heaven on earth..."

The man said so.

Ornov was overwhelmed and obsessed, and he had a great awareness that he would die soon after hearing the truth.

At the same time, he was extremely disgusted with the Western Continent, the age of ignorance where the power of theocracy was supremacy. Countless feasible strategies to save the world popped up in his mind.

In order to realize the great dream of heaven on earth, he is even willing to give his allegiance to the Orientals.

Unfortunately, the oriental man was too mysterious, refused his allegiance and left soon.

On the day of his death, Ornov could still clearly understand the silent back and desolate words that excited the Easterners when they left:

"...Dreams are rough and difficult after all. How difficult is it to change the world with one's own strength? I would like to light the first fire to illuminate the darkness, even if the price is eternal..."

"...If you have any doubts in the future, go to the distant and mysterious east, where there is a way to find..."

In the next few years, Ornov really began to implement the heaven on earth plan.

In the initial stage, he was really pushed all the way, or instigated rebellion or conquered several small countries.

However, the good times didn't last long, and soon the powerful countries and the Holy See reacted, realizing that there were evil heresy thoughts sprouting under the watchful eyes of the Lord, and immediately let go of their grievances, and jointly suppressed them with thunderous force.

After failing to save the world, Ornov realized how difficult it is to light up the first light in the darkness.

Frustrated, he decided to go to the mysterious ancient East with the most pious attitude to find a way to save the world.

It took a total of twenty-five years of hard work all the way, eight years longer than the monk Xuanzang who went to the west to learn Buddhist scriptures, before he was able to enter the Western Regions on the eastern border.

When he set foot on the yellow sand of the Western Regions all the way, he happened to encounter demons making trouble.

A terrifying monster with hatred and demons is raging in the desert, and countless people are killed by the giant mouth.

Looking at the frightened and helpless people like lambs, even though he was shouldering the heavy responsibility of going to the east to find salvation, he still couldn't bear to remain indifferent.

So he tried his best to fight to the death with that terrifying giant monster.

The world changed color during that battle, and there was no light day and night.

After fighting fiercely for three days and three nights, spanning thousands of miles, Ornov finally sacrificed his life for righteousness, turned into a holy tree and suppressed the giant monster under the vast yellow sand at the cost of his death.

And the silver cross, the holy artifact he stole from the Holy See, also wandered in the Western Regions, and was sent to the Middle-earth China, which Ornov dreamed of but failed to reach in person.


Yuan Yutang stared in shock at the pious kneeling mummy with arms raised high in front of him, deeply moved.

It turned out that the giant demon who suppressed the overlord of the Western Regions was not the god of heaven and thunder, but the unknown ascetic Onuofu in front of him.

The silver cross had just been consecrated, and it resonated with Ornov's incorruptible mummy in the giant tree for more than 300 years. It miraculously allowed him to witness Ornov's magnificent life.

At the same time, it also allowed him to see clearly who the oriental man who changed Ornov's fate and was shocked by him as a heavenly man was.

That's right, that mysterious oriental man is Zhuge Tianji!

Zhuge Tianji seems to be playing a big game of chess, not only in the Middle-earth China, but its influence even spreads far away to the Western Continent.

At the same time, Yuan Yutang was inexplicably afraid of Zhuge Tianji.

Heaven on earth thought!

That was the supreme treasure that saved China from the dire straits in the previous life on Earth!

How did he, a native of the Liao Zhai world, know this great thought that spans time and plane?

Moreover, he even knew the existence of the earth, and he did not hesitate to transform the last royal descendant of the previous dynasty into a man-made hungry ghost Brabocha, who was neither human nor ghost, in order to leave memory information for himself.

Behind all this seems to be a harbinger of a great truth that Yuan Yutang could not even imagine.


Yuan Yutang felt the pain of splitting his head, which was caused by an injury, but a manifestation of his brain being overwhelmed by massive information.

The small space where the giant tree kept Ornov's mummy was rapidly disintegrating, which meant that he would soon lose his shelter and face the threat of the two terrifying monsters from the outside world.

Although the two big monsters were fighting hard, they didn't directly target him.

But under the overturned nest, there are no eggs?

No matter which big monster survives to the end, as long as the aftermath of the battle collapses the underground cave, he may be buried alive here.

Therefore, in order to survive, Yuan Yutang had to suppress his doubts temporarily and think hard about a good way to save his life.

Suddenly, he found that there should be something in the place where Ornov put his hands together.

Blessed to the soul, he miraculously placed the silver cross on the gap between the mummy's hands.

No more, no less, just right.

The next moment, the sacred and inviolable holy light erupted out of thin air, engulfing Yuan Yutang who was caught off guard.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		