

In an instant, Lin Er's mind went blank.

The horrific scene of being bombarded by Yuan Yutang to death without a whole body half a year ago reappeared in front of my eyes, and I was suddenly afraid that I couldn't help myself.

Just because he died once, Lin Er is more afraid of death than ordinary people.

The taste of losing his body, he didn't want to try it again.

But when Shashen was in power, that deadly punch had already hit him in the face.

So, dying again?

Lin Er closed his eyes in despair, ready to accept his fate.

Boom!

A burst of severe pain woke him up, and he opened his eyes in shock. Lin Er was pleasantly surprised to find that he was not dead, but was sent flying away from Jiuhuomiishi by Yuan Yutang's punch.

In an instant, Lin Yi was filled with a great sense of joy for the rest of his life.

"Ha, ha ha, ha ha ha!" Lin danced and danced in the air, "Yuan Yutang, you trash, you can't kill me even if you kill me, if you have the ability to kill me~"

Yuan Yutang, who was covered in blisters and bloody, gritted his teeth and was about to give chase, but he didn't want a sudden pain in his body, so he spit out a big mouthful of blood with a wow.

Nine Fires Extinguish the World is a legendary beast. The fourth-level innate supernatural power of Ji Mie Fenghuo can burn the white clouds in the mage realm to dry bones. It's a miracle, how can there be any spare energy to go up and make up for the knife?

Obviously the mortal enemy was right in front of him, and he only needed to make another blow to finish him off, but he couldn't do so. This feeling of extreme powerlessness drove Yuan Yutang to the point of madness.

"Hahaha~"

There is nothing happier than an enemy hating oneself but being unable to kill oneself. Just looking at Yuan Yutang's tangled and painful expression is enough to make Lin Er's pores open all over with comfort.

"Roar~"

Jiu Huo Mie Shi Yan finally came to his senses, roared and opened his huge mouth, biting Yuan Yutang viciously.

Yuan Yutang gave up struggling with a wry smile, he was already powerless to dodge.

Huang Qisu and Zhonglihan fought inextricably, even if they wanted to rescue them, it was too late.

Miracles don't happen again and again, and this time I'm afraid he's dead.

The only regret is that Lin Er was not killed.

"Nan Wu... Kasaya Ye Lianhua!"

Just when he was about to die in that stinking bloody mouth, he suddenly heard a familiar sound of Buddha.

Yuan Yutang turned his head in horror, and saw that the crystal bones on the ground were rapidly sprouting granulation, wrapping the skeleton at a speed visible to the naked eye, bright red muscles were formed, and inch by inch of white skin quickly covered the whole body. The skeleton in the room turned into a naked white cloud.

Raise the dead, flesh and bones.

This unimaginable thing happened in front of his eyes, Yuan Yutang almost couldn't believe his eyes.

Between the lightning and the flint, a burst of Buddha's light soaring into the sky suddenly rose, and hit the Jiuhuomiishi who wanted to fight like a cannonball.

"Aww~"

Suffering from the pain, Jiu Huo Mie Shizhen instinctively shut up and sobbed, Mimi Leihuo lost its energy support and dissipated quickly, and Yuan Yutang's desperate situation of mortal death was miraculously resolved.

"Amitabha!"

Baiyun was as spotless as a newborn baby, enveloped by the soft Buddha light, and with one mind, it turned into a giant hand, lightly catching the falling Yuan Yutang.

"You little bald donkey, I knew you wouldn't die so easily..." Yuan Yutang smiled weakly.

The naked Baiyun didn't feel ashamed, and said softly, "Idiot, why is life so painful, and why is death so sad? Life and death are the law, this is the doomed fate of the little monk, there is no need to worry about it."

"Hehe, it really still smells like Tang Monk...I'm sleepy, I'll sleep for a while, and I'll leave the rest to you..." Yuan Yutang tilted his head after speaking with force, and immediately fell asleep.

"The benefactor has the utmost affection and nature, and he can go through fire and water as far as his righteousness can reach. I am afraid that he will be hurt by his affection in the future." Bai Yun sighed leisurely, and said some inexplicable words.

After finishing speaking, he got up with his palms together, calmly stared at the roaring Nine Fires Mieshi in the air, and said calmly, "Nie Yi, I will save you today!"


Repelling Zhong Lihan with one move, Huang Qisu looked back at the spotless white clouds, and said in surprise, "The glazed bone is regenerated, this little monk was born with a Buddha bone, he tempered the Buddha's heart with death, and proved the highest level of a mage!" Arhat fruit status?"

Suddenly, a sword light that seemed to penetrate the sky and the earth struck across the sky.

Huang Qisu turned around and dodged, and there was a deep sword mark several feet deep on the ground in front of him.

"Hehe, what does the matter of the little monk have to do with you? You should concentrate on it, if you are killed too easily, the Sa family will find it boring!"

Zhong Lihan danced the sword with both hands for the first time, the sword light raged in an instant, and there was no light day and night.

Huang Qisu hastily restrained his mind and concentrated on fighting the enemy.


Yuan Yutang had Baiyun to help him avoid the pain of falling from a high altitude, but Lin Er was not so lucky.

Hearing a bang, Lin Er slammed down on the ground from a height of several tens of feet, splashing dust several feet high, and smashing a big hole.

Fortunately, Lin Er's current body is the body of a ghost, he will not die or be injured, but although his life is not in danger, his whole body is in pain like falling apart, and he will not be able to move for a while.

Grinning his teeth in pain, Lin Er saw a figure approaching, he was inexplicably startled, and almost instinctively begged for mercy.

"Don't be afraid, young master, you are a slave."

Lin Er took a look, and then breathed a sigh of relief.

It turned out to be the Bone Girl whose skin was broken and her bones were exposed.

"I thought your lowly maid was already dead!" Lin Er immediately replied to the aloof young master, and scolded viciously, "I can't see the young master, can't I move now, why don't you come over and take me away?"

The Bone Girl responded with a low eyebrow, and stepped forward to carefully support Lin Er.

"Ai, ai, ai, do you know how to serve others? Be careful!" Lin Er cursed with a mournful face.

The Bone Girl didn't dare to retaliate, she kept saying yes.

Although the injury was serious, Bone Girl was still able to use spells. She raised her hand and drew a cloud of white mist, which enveloped her and Lin Er, and fled away like the wind.

After exiting a ruined temple dozens of miles away, the two fell down.

Lin Er was helped by the Bone Girl into the ruined temple to rest, and when he thought about safety, he became more and more angry, and threw a rage and smashed some dilapidated items in the temple.

"Damn, hate, hate!" Lin Er's expression was ferocious, and he beat and smashed like an angry bull while impotently furiously said, "Why is that little devil so lucky to have escaped his death, I'm so mad!!"

The Bone Girl was silent, not daring to say more.

Lin Er was not willing to stop until he was exhausted.

I didn't notice it when I was extremely angry just now, but now that I calmed down, I suddenly felt the pain of tearing all over my body, my knees gave way, and I fell to the ground.

Some people are inherently selfish, and when things go wrong, they will only blame others and turn their complaints on those around them.

There is no doubt that Lin Er is such a person.

"Baby maid, are you blind? Didn't you see the young master that I fell, why don't you come over and help me?" Lin Er, who was angry and hurt, couldn't help but cursed.

However, after waiting for a long time, the bone-bone girl who was always obedient and obedient came over, and turned her head to look in amazement.

I saw the Bone Girl leaning against the threshold with her arms folded waiting, as if enjoying a lively monkey show, her eyes were frighteningly indifferent.

Inexplicably, Lin Er actually had a guilty conscience that he didn't dare to look at Bone Girl.

Then he remembered that the Bone Girl was just a slave refined by his father, and he had a fatal weakness in his own hands, so how dare he be rude to him?

"You maid, what's the meaning of this? Do you want to rebel?" Lin Erse scolded sternly.

Although his mouth was harsh, his body retreated steadily.

Now he is no different from before. In order to survive, he has become a ghost among people who is neither human nor ghost. The "Liu Ding Liu Jia Shen Jiang Gong" that he practiced hard for many years has disappeared, and his force value is no worse than that of ordinary adults. How many.

Except for the Nine Fires Extinguisher that the father specially arranged, there is only one son of the "human lack of respect" left to bluff people.

Lin Er was inexplicably terrified when he thought of how he abused the Bone Girl in the past.

If the Bone Girl is really determined to kill the lord, he has no power to resist.

"Call, scold, why don't you yell?" Half of Bone Girl's cheeks were damaged, exposing her bones, half of which was stunningly beautiful, and half of which was terrifying, forming a shocking sense of contrast, she said coldly.

Cold sweat instantly wet Lin Er's back, and he was speechless for a while.

The Bone Girl put down her hands, and walked slowly towards Lin Er coldly.

Every time she took a step, Lin Er backed up a little bit, once in and out, soon Lin Er was unable to retreat.

"You father and son are devoid of conscience, you are simply devils in human skin! I was originally a peasant girl, my parents are loving, and my brothers are harmonious. You slaughtered my whole family in order to abduct me and sacrifice to the conscienceless bone spirit!" Different faces on both sides left blood and tears at the same time, complaining like a cuckoo crying blood.

"You took me back to my lair, tortured me in every possible way, and finally turned me into a bone spirit who can never be reborn..."

"It's been ten years, do you know how much pain I have had every day in these ten years?"

"You often complain about how painful ghosts are, but compared to my pain, what is this?"

"Do you know what it's like to not be able to survive, but not to be able to die!"

"Do you know how much I long to be able to kill you two beast father and son with my own hands one day?"

"Hahaha, when that blind thief God also had a flash of light, he finally let me wait for the opportunity to kill my enemy!"

The Bone Girl was crying and laughing, combined with that weird and terrifying appearance, it was enough to scare ordinary people to death.

Lin Er's legs were trembling, his scalp was numb, and he couldn't help but regret why he ran away early in fear of death.

If she stays with Zhong Lihan, the White Bone Girl will never dare to harbor ill intentions.

Listening to her words, I feared that I would kill him, and if I fell into her hands, it would be impossible for me to be kind no matter what.

That being the case, then act first!

At the time of life and death, Lin Er'e moved to his gallbladder, and pulled it into his bosom with the last of his strength.

The Bone Girl didn't stop her, and her one intact eye revealed engraved resentment and hatred.

The next moment, Lin Er's face suddenly changed drastically, and he lost his voice, "Where's the talisman bone? How could it disappear?"

"Hahaha~" The Bone Girl leaned forward and back and laughed shrilly, as if hearing the funniest joke in the world, she laughed bloody tears.

"Lin Er, Lin Er, it's useless for you to pretend to be smart, and you don't think about it carefully. If the talisman that restrains my life is still in your hands, do you think I would be so stupid to trade my life with you?"

The White Bone Girl revealed the truth fiercely, Lin Er turned pale when he heard it, and murmured in panic, "Impossible, impossible, the rune bones are restricted, you can't touch them at all, how could you steal the rune bones and I I don't know??"

"People are doing it, the sky is watching, the way of heaven is reincarnation, who will the sky spare!"

"Lin Er, you are selfish, arrogant, and do all kinds of evil, today is your retribution!"

"Ah, don't, my father is a 'human lack of respect', you can't kill me~"

"Ah~"


		