

Boom!

Strong winds like waves raged in all directions, and the monster mist as thick as mercury was forcibly blown away, unable to condense for a long time.

Yuan Yutang bent over and slumped his shoulders, his whole body was soaked in blood, and his lowered arms were disillusioned with dots of flames, and under his feet was a mutilated corpse soldier wrapped in flames and struggling frantically.

The mutilated corpse soldier struggled for a few breaths before being burned into coke. A vague ghost figure tried to escape from its shell, but unfortunately it was swallowed by the aftermath before it could lift off into the air.

It was the spirit of the mountain wild god summoned by Tie Muzhen, the witch of the Tushan tribe. It was destroyed on the spot, which meant that the body suffered heavy damage.

As the monster mist dissipated, with Yuan Yutang at the center, traces of fierce struggles were exposed.

The top-grade Qinggang rocks are piled up, and the gaps are tightly pasted with glutinous rice juice. No matter how hard the strongman beats, the battlements and aisles will not leave any traces, as if they have been ravaged by heavy artillery, and there are potholes everywhere.

The aisle tens of meters long was full of stumped limbs and broken arms, and the jet-black blood splattered into a flowing stream of blood that went right down to the insteps.

"Quack quack..."

Yuan Yutang was panting like an old cow, and his body was covered with disgusting flesh and blood, which quickly and condensed into dark red frost in the low temperature, which was extremely shocking.

Although he broke through the psychedelic illusion of Yaowu with the help of "No Confusion" and was able to display his strength 100%, but the serious injury he suffered before has not yet healed.

Although Situ Shanu provided him with a lot of high-quality healing medicines in the past few days, he could barely recover a little.

Even though his strength on paper is much stronger than that of Huapi Guicheng, in fact, his strength is very limited compared to that time.

Although the strength of the corpse soldiers is not as good as that of the painted skin slaves, they are not much weaker.

The reason why Yuan Yutang was able to kill more than 50 corpse soldiers without recovering from serious injuries was because he used mana again in vain.

Although the results are brilliant, the price is relatively heavy.

Yuan Yutang's whole body was in severe pain, and his internal organs were in constant pain. He wished he could not sleep for a long time.

However, the righteous brother and the whole city are in dire straits, how can they stop?

With a sigh of relief, Yuan Yutang hurriedly searched for Situ Shanu.

At this moment, a black shadow tore through the demon mist like a shooting star, gathered and descended from outside the city, and came straight to Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang instantly sensed the danger, and his body instinctively flew forward.

rumbling~

Feeling a strong vibration under his feet, Yuan Yutang hurriedly raised his head, only to see thick dust and rubble bouncing up several feet in front of him, and a corridor nearly seven or eight meters long collapsed, showing the strength of the falling shadow.

"Hee hee hee……"

A creepy laugh came from the dust, and then a black shadow like a small hill gradually became clear.

Yuan Yutang's eyes shrank suddenly, even though he had experienced the baptism of the painted skin ghost town and the alien beast, he also felt obvious palpitations.

Because the person who came was a giant bear with a head more than two feet high and one foot wide, with a mane like a needle, and a man standing upright.

There is no doubt that this is a monster!

Xiong Wei was full of demonic aura, just standing there, there was a sense of suffocating oppression, his head the size of a millstone, his fist-like fierce eyes gleamed with greed and cruelty, he stared firmly at Yuan Yutang, and said: People say:

"Our family is the Heifengling mountain god, are you the sinner who ruined our master's family three days ago?"

Xiong Wei's voice was like a torrent of thunder, and the breath between his lips opened and closed was like a gust of wind, and Yuan Yutang was almost fainted by the stench of not rinsing his mouth all year round.

Yuan Yutang didn't answer with a sullen face, his mind was highly concentrated, his body was tightly tensed, and he was always ready to launch a thunderous blow.

Speaking of which, it was the first time he had faced a monster directly, and from the strong monster aura that Xiong Wei unknowingly exuded, he roughly deduced that it was a monster with at least a hundred years of cultivation, but he didn't know whether it was a fairy or a monster.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang didn't respond, Xiong Wei's furry bear face showed a human-like annoyance, shook his head in disgust, and growled, "Bold mortals, if you see our deity, you don't kneel down and beg for mercy. Could it be that you look down on our family?" ?”

Yuan Yutang still ignored him.

Finally, Xiong Wei became angry. With a roar, he raised his fists and slammed into the ground, and immediately hit the ground on all fours, charging towards him like an ancient chariot.

Terrifying evil energy rushed in like a stormy sea, Yuan Yutang's heart beat fast, and he jumped away without thinking.

rumbling~

The enraged Xiong Wei bumped his head against the several feet thick battlement, and immediately smashed the thick battlement into pieces, and the rubble flew everywhere, so that none of them fell off the city wall.

As soon as he landed, Yuan Yutang suddenly felt the strong wind whistling behind his head, which made a dense layer of goosebumps appear on his skin, and when he glanced away from the corner of his eye, it turned out to be a big, fat bear paw.

"drink!"

With a loud shout, Yuan Yutang instantly turned around and punched seven times in a row like lightning.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

As if with precise positioning, each of Yuan Yutang's punches hit the same spot exactly, and the sounds of the seven blows almost overlapped.

"Woo~"

Xiong Wei, who failed in the sneak attack, retracted his bear's paw in pain, a look of surprise flashed in his red eyes.

Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang's small stature contained such amazing strength.

With a successful blow, Yuan Yutang would not let go of such a good opportunity, and immediately opened up his combat power and took the initiative to attack.

In an instant, it turned into an afterimage, and rushed towards the clasped Xiong Wei at top speed.

The air pierced through the whole body, raising the elbows, and the two elbows were like a pair of giant horns of a raging antelope. Inexplicably, two clusters of orange-red flames shot towards Xiong Shi's eyes with a heart-piercing sound of piercing the air.

Ancient muay thai ultimate move - antelope hanging horns!

The way to get rid of the fire - from the god of fire!

If Yuan Yutang didn't make a move, he would go all out to make a move. The ferocious boxing ultimate move that has been honed through thousands of years and the most masculine and powerful Lihuo Shengang are two-pronged, and the lethality is astonishing.

"Roar~"

Xiong Wei roared angrily, relying on his own rough skin and thick flesh, he suddenly lowered his huge head, and even wanted to use the spirit of the sky to strengthen Yuan Yutang's double killer move.

Not only that, the two fat arms as thick as a house pillar slammed upwards in the posture of a boy worshiping Guanyin, obviously wanting to smash the incoming Yuan Yutang into a meat paste.

Of course Yuan Yutang would not be so reckless as to die with Xiong Wei.

As he approached Xiong Wei, he twisted his waist and abdomen suddenly, turned in the air in an incredible way, and swooped towards Xiong Wei's armpit exposed by the wide open door.

As soon as he approached, Yuan Yutang almost vomited from the strong body odor of Xiong Wei's body. He hurriedly held his breath, and stabbed Xiong Wei's left armpit with both elbows indiscriminately.

puff!

giggling~

"Aww~"

Three completely different voices rang out almost simultaneously, and Yuan Yutang's double strength pierced through his body, smashing Xiong Shi's shoulder blade joints, and the orange-red Lihuo Qi took the opportunity to ignite the hair under his armpits.

Ursus creatures are already fat and fat, and when the fire burns suddenly, it is like a raging fire cooking oil, and the fierce fire spreads to the entire left arm in an instant.

"Aww~"

Xiong Wei's huge body like a small hill suddenly fell to the ground and rolled, his mouth let out continuous sharp howls, and the bricks and stones under him were accidentally injured.

Yuan Yutang was like a swiftly flying swallow, retreating to a safe distance of ten meters away before he dared to stop to catch his breath.

However, the blood on his face faded like a tide, and soon turned pale, his Adam's apple slid up and down, and it was hard to swallow the blood rushing to his mouth.

Regardless of how much he seems to have taken advantage of, in fact, being able to injure Xiong Wei is entirely due to Xiong Wei's underestimation of the enemy, and this level of injury is not enough to kill him.

Bears have amazing strength, they will die when touched, and hurt when rubbed, there is no level between the two.

With continuous use of mana, Yuan Yutang's hidden wounds could no longer be suppressed, and his strength suddenly weakened.

Fortunately, Xiong Wei is not easy, Lihuo Qi is very viscous and has a lot of stamina. Once it is stained, it is like a tarsus, which is even worse than solid gasoline on the earth.

In just a few breaths, Xiong Wei's entire left arm was burned to charcoal, which is really shocking.

"Ahhh, our family is going to fry your skin and tear your bones apart~"

Painful and angry, Xiong Wei was completely mad, with a thick monster aura raging like a hurricane, he ran towards Yuan Yutang, rolling and crawling.

Knowing that the real test of life and death has come, if even he is defeated, I am afraid that there will be no one in the entire Tongshan pass who is a match for this monster.

In order to prevent the wolves from poisoning Shenzhou...

In order to defend Tongshan Pass...

Killing the slaves for the righteous brother Situ...

Even for my own life...

Two stern looks flashed across Yuan Yutang's eyes, and he was determined, he was going to risk his life!

"The wind is coming!"

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang pointed to the sky with one arm and let out a long howl.

Before the words were finished, gusts of cyan wind visible to the naked eye rose out of thin air, entangled and circled at extreme speed, and formed a small inverted funnel-shaped tornado in less than a few breaths.

Whoosh whoosh~ whoosh whoosh~

This is not over yet, just as the small tornado took shape, Yuan Yutang's shouts came from inside:

"Rain falls!"

In an instant, Tongshan Pass was covered with dark clouds, the sky seemed to collapse, and the torrential rain poured down without warning.

blah blah~ blah blah~

In an instant, the situation in the area of ​​Tongshan Pass changed, and mana surged.

This is the first time that Yuan Yutang has used the supernatural power of Tiangang 'calling the wind and calling the rain' with all his strength without restraint, and the power is so strong that he himself feels terrified.

Sure enough, it is the secret art of Tiangang, which is known as the highest supernatural power of Taoism. With his cultivation base that has just stepped into the monk realm, he can also control the power of celestial phenomena with applause, which is simply shocking.

Xiong Wei had just rushed halfway, when he was so frightened by this sudden scene that he turned around without hesitation and wanted to escape from the range of Tongshan Pass.

This is too outrageous, right?

It is simply absurd that he is a young sorcerer who has just stepped into the threshold of practice, but he is able to display such supernatural powers on his own!

Xiong Wei himself is just the sorceress Tie Muzhen, who can't even transform into a human body, so how dare he compete with the power of the sky?

run!

run now!

The farther away from that perverted boy, the better!

Any meritorious service, any contract, any promise, go to hell!

Xiong Wei regretted that he invaded Tongshan Pass rashly this time because of greed for meritorious deeds. He only wanted to escape from this place and return to his lair. Even if he died of old age in his lair, he would never reappear in the world.

I just want to escape now, is it really too late?

huh~ huh~ huh~

Countless noisy and hurried sounds of piercing through the air sounded like mourning stars behind him, Xiong Wei couldn't even turn his head, and was smashed into minced meat by the whistling wind blade and rain gun.


		