

After Yuan Yutang came out of the courtyard, his mana was shaken, and his wet clothes evaporated in an instant, and the mana released formed an upside-down bowl-shaped shield, which directly isolated the rainwater.

As for why he didn't open the mana shield just now?

Please, he is just a small monk-level warlock now, and the mana shield that he sends out is only about three feet in diameter, which can barely accommodate two people. He can't let Zhou Luofei fall into his arms, or he looks at Zhou Luofei. Concubine Luo, is it raining?

Rather than being in a difficult situation for the two of them, it is better to have fun in the rain together.

The village is not big, and there are about 20 remaining houses, but it has been abandoned for a long time. Many walls have quietly collapsed in the wind and rain, and the wood of the collapsed huts is covered with fungi and moss. , the loess ground was stirred up by the rain and turned into a muddy river.

Yuan Yutang walked into a relatively complete main room, ready to see if there was any combustible dry wood inside.

As soon as he entered the door, he immediately saw a rotten black coffin in the center of the living room.

According to folk customs, the use of coffins is very particular. Generally speaking, there are five types of coffins: red, white, black, and gold.

Among them, the black coffin, because black belongs to Xuanshui, can shake evil spirits, so it has always been reserved for those who died suddenly.

Now that a black coffin suspected to be a restrained dead ghost was grandly placed in front of him, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but sneered, and looked at the layout of the main room calmly.

On the wall facing the door is a huge dusty portrait. Due to the age, the ink has melted and it is difficult to distinguish. It can be vaguely seen that it is a picture of a ghost walking at night.

Under the portrait is a huge Eight Immortals table, with a half-burned large white candle about the size of an arm inserted on the left and right, an incense burner filled with ashes in the middle, and several porcelain plates with shriveled and rotten tributes placed in front of it.

Next to the Eight Immortals Table is an unknown figure that is as tall as a person and covered with a curtain.

Other than that, there were only a few tattered rattan chairs left.

You deliberately lured me here to see what tricks you can play!

Yuan Yutang sneered in his heart, and walked straight to the unknown thing covered with curtains.

Standing close, he opened the curtain without hesitation.

Under the curtain is a stone statue of an evil ghost with a small head and a big belly, with teeth and claws.

Yuan Yutang punched him without warning.

With a muffled bang, the ghost stone statue shattered into countless pieces.

Huh, guessed wrong?

Yuan Yutang couldn't help being a little surprised. After thinking for a while, he turned and walked towards the pitch-black coffin.

The main room is only that big, and apart from the stone statue of the evil ghost trying to hide it, the only thing that might be tricky is the dark coffin.

Just turning around, Yuan Yutang froze for a moment.

Looking back anxiously, I saw that the stone statue of the evil ghost that had just been smashed was standing in place intact, and even the fragments on the ground disappeared.

As if the shattering of the stone statue was just an illusion.

Yuan Yutang suddenly felt fresh, rubbed his chin, and couldn't figure out the reason for it for a while.

After thinking for a while, he punched again.

Boom!

The ghost stone statue was shattered again.

This time Yuan Yutang didn't turn around, he wanted to see how the ghost stone statue was restored.

creak~

At this moment, there was a harsh sound of heavy objects rubbing behind him.

Yuan Yutang's expression changed, he resisted the urge to turn his head, and continued to stare at the fragments of stone statues all over the floor.

bang, bang~

Without looking back, Yuan Yutang can also imagine the scene behind him: the heavy coffin lid was pushed away, and then fell down again when it couldn't bear the weight, and the things inside were about to come out.

"So this is your three tricks for hospitality? It's nothing new." Yuan Yutang looked disdainful on the surface, but secretly began to raise his vigilance.

touch~

There was a rapid sound of breaking through the air, as if something heavy was lifted off and hit the wall heavily.

Immediately afterwards, two heavy footsteps landed on the ground.

Crack, crack, crack~

The sound of the footsteps was extremely low, one step at a time, approaching slowly and firmly.

Yuan Yutang folded his arms and remained motionless.

"Ho~"

Suddenly, the hair on the back of Yuan Yutang's head was brushed, rough goosebumps appeared on the skin of the back of his neck.

The ghost behind him blew a gloomy breath at him.

It was too late to say that, Yuan Yutang hit the extremely fierce crocodile, swung its tail, kicked it, and kicked it suddenly behind it.

Huh~

After a shrill sound of breaking through the air, Yuan Yutang was surprised to find that he had missed the kick.

Can't help but look back, only to see the black coffin quietly placed on the spot.

Turning his head suddenly, the stone statue of the evil ghost returned to its integrity.

Hehe, why don't we just play hide and seek?

Yuan Yutang was inexplicably agitated, and when he spread his right hand, a ball of wind and rain energy the size of a fist swirled into shape and slammed down suddenly.

It is a simple version of 'calling the wind and calling the rain' - 'the wind and the rain are urgent'!

Don't you like to hide your head and show your tail? Then I'll blow up your lair, let's see how long you can play!

The 'Wind and Rain' was so fierce, it exploded violently as soon as it touched the ground, the whole hall shook twice suddenly, and immediately collapsed.

Slanting rain splashed, bricks and stones flew across, Yuan Yutang stood standing in the ruins, he wanted to see what other tricks that ghost in the dark could use!

After half a sound, everything was quiet.

Nothing unusual happened, as if just now was just Yuan Yutang's wishful thinking.

"Boring!" Yuan Yutang spat, too lazy to entangle, picked up a few pieces of dry firewood and went back.

All of a sudden, the bricks and stones of the ruins were suddenly arched up from below, and the pitch-black coffin broke through the ground, blocking Yuan Yutang's way brightly.

"If you want to fight, hit it, if you don't fight, get out, don't mess with Mr. Mao, or your whole village will be demolished!"

Yuan Yutang was so annoyed by the continuous harassment that he couldn't help tearing up his face and issuing an ultimatum.

But until the sound completely died down, nothing happened.

It seemed that the thing was determined to tease Yuan Yutang.

"Okay, okay, don't blame me if you don't eat the toast and you have to drink it as a penalty!" Yuan Yutang laughed back angrily, with a move of his mind, the powerful mana gushed out like a bank bursting in the river and lake.

The heavy rain floating in the sky seemed to be alive, cheering and cheering around Yuan Yutang.

"Rainstorm Pear Blossom Sword, go!"

Yuan Yutang squeezed the sword formula in his hand, and suddenly drew forward.

The bean-sized raindrops instantly combined into dozens of half-empty rain swords, shooting in all directions.

This is another new trick that Yuan Yutang came up with when he was bored. Although the power of each rain sword is not great, it can't stand up to a large number. Especially in heavy rain weather, the power is multiplied, which is very suitable for group attacks.

The rain sword filled with mana is enough to break gold and jade, how can the dilapidated and dilapidated houses be able to stop it, and a large piece of it collapsed like a bone promise card that was knocked down immediately.

"Hehehe, it's fun, it's fun~"

There was a burst of erratic laughter in the void, from far and near.

Yuan Yutang grinned, that thousand-year-old bastard was finally about to surface, and it was worth all the hard work he had put in.

It's just that he guessed the beginning, but couldn't guess the result.

There was silence after the laughter, and the thing hid again.

At this moment, Yuan Yutang hated himself for not knowing other spells.

Tossing and turning is the supernatural power of "calling the wind and calling the rain" and the derived variant moves. If you can search spells skillfully, how can you allow that thing to be so arrogant!

I can't fight but can't fight, and I can't walk away. I am really annoyed.

But no matter how angry it is, it won't help, as long as that thing doesn't appear, Yuan Yutang has nothing to do with it, he can only swallow the breath temporarily.

It seems that there is no time to delay to activate the new supernatural power, otherwise, if we encounter similar situations in the future, we will still have to catch them blind.

Angrily, he stepped forward and kicked the pitch-black coffin away, and Yuan Yutang walked towards the mansion with a gloomy face.

Suddenly, a bright fireball fell from the sky and hit Yuan Yutang like a meteor.

"Come again?" Yuan Yutang was so angry that his seven orifices were filled with smoke, he jumped up and kicked the fireball swiftly.

Boom~

The fireball was hit by Yuan Yutang's violent kick, and immediately exploded. The flying sparks attached to Yuan Yutang's robe, and immediately rose wildly.

"Hey, no, this is the breath of mana!"

In an instant, Yuan Yutang sensed that something was wrong, and his mind was agitated, and the rain from the sky automatically extinguished the burning flames on his body.

At this time, seven big men wearing bamboo hats and coir raincoats appeared out of nowhere, and surrounded him tightly with unfriendly expressions.

Yuan Yutang frowned. These people had obvious mana fluctuations, and it wasn't a demon's trick.

This is so strange, seven malicious warlocks suddenly appeared in the barren mountains, could it be that they were the killers sent by Situ Hongyi to chase them thousands of miles away?

Yuan Yutang didn't like to cause trouble, but he was never afraid of trouble.

Some people have bullied you, which is tolerable or unbearable!

And it came at the right time, after being teased by that ghost in the dark for a day, I was full of worry and had nowhere to vent my anger.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's momentum was high, and there was a lot of wind and rain all around him, and he was about to make a serious move.

Feeling the threat from Yuan Yutang, the seven mystic warlocks urged their magic power tit for tat.

The ruins were filled with a tense and murderous aura, and the eight completely different auras rose wildly, and a tragic battle was about to break out.

At the very moment, an anxious voice suddenly sounded:

"Stop it, stop it!"

The seven sorcerers were shocked when they heard the words, and their momentum also faltered.

However, Yuan Yutang didn't give up, and rushed out in an instant, raising his hand to one of the bearded warlocks and punching him.

It was this guy who threw a fireball and attacked him just now.

Yuan Yutang's dictionary has never included the words "repaying grievances with virtue". If you dare to attack him, you must be prepared to pay the price!

Before the fist arrived, the terrifying wind of the fist hit like a hurricane, irritating the cheeks of the bearded man with pain.

The bearded man's eyes flashed, he gritted his teeth and punched at each other.

boom!

Like a ball exploding, after a muffled sound, the bearded man was knocked off the ground and flew back, smashing his whole body into the rubble.

However, Yuan Yutang stood steadily in the position of the bearded man just now, and the strength and weakness between the two were immediately judged.

In an instant, the atmosphere that had originally died down became tense again in vain.

His companion was beaten face to face, how could the six arrogant warlocks swallow this breath, just when they were about to teach Yuan Yutang a bloody lesson, a slim and graceful figure jumped out and opened his arms, stubbornly protecting Yuan Yutang. Live in Yuan Yutang.

"Stop, whoever wants to hurt him, just step over my corpse!"


		