

Cao Ying was a widow in Wangjia Village on the outskirts of Qingzhou City. She had an only son. Her husband died in the frontier a few years ago, and her mother-in-law became ill after thinking about her son.

There are many gossips in front of the widow's family, especially Cao Ying, whose husband's family is not prosperous, has a particularly difficult life.

The son was born with tuberculosis, which could not be cured by medicine, so he had to stay in bed all day long and hang himself with medicine.

Cao Ying was resolute by nature, she insisted against the gossip of the village, gritted her teeth and raised her son alone.

Now that the world is in decline and all industries are depressed, many old men are out of work and working at home, let alone Cao Ying, a widow who has no one to help.

Although the family has a few acres of Susukida, they can barely make ends meet, so for the sake of her son's medical expenses, she can only do some jobs that most people are unwilling to do.

For example, pouring night incense.

It was just dawn that morning, when Cao Ying came back from the field, fed her son some soup, and then drove to the city with a donkey cart loaded with empty Yexiang barrels in advance.

Wangjia Village is about 15 miles away from Gyeongju, and Cao Ying must finish disposing of Yexiang before Chenshi (between 7:00 am and 9:00 am), otherwise the foreman will deduct the money.

It was a bit too late to get up today, Cao Ying hurried on the road without even having breakfast.

Seeing the sun rising higher and higher, the anxious Cao Ying couldn't help whipping the old donkey to speed up.

Fortunately, it didn't take long before Cao Ying could vaguely see the outline of the majestic and majestic city of Gyeongju, and Cao Ying breathed a sigh of relief.

"Ah~uh~" The old donkey pulling the cart suddenly groaned in pain.

Only then did Cao Ying realize that he had accidentally injured the old donkey just now.

Seeing the blood on the old donkey's buttocks, Cao Ying couldn't help feeling as if a knife was piercing his heart.

The large livestock of poor families are undoubtedly treasures, and they are usually taken care of carefully, and it hurts for a few days when they bump into each other.

Although this old donkey is old and weak, it is already the biggest property of the destitute Cao Ying family.

Just as he was about to stop on the side of the road to help the old donkey treat his wound, suddenly there was a loud sound of horseshoes from behind, followed by another burst of anxious shouting.

"Get out of the way, the big sister in front, get out of the way!"

The eager voice startled Cao Ying, and she subconsciously turned her head to look, only to see smoke rising several feet high from the official road behind, and dozens of travel-worn knights galloping towards a luxury carriage.

Cao Ying, a country widow, reacted a little slower. When she came to her senses, the fastest knight was close at hand, but her speed did not slow down at all. She was about to hit Cao Ying's donkey cart. .

"Ah~"

The old donkey was frightened and jumped up and down. Cao Ying was caught off guard and couldn't control the direction. In the confusion, even people and carts rolled down the grassy path by the roadside.

The galloping knights passed by with their carriages, Hao Xuan let Cao Ying escape.

Cao Ying fell badly, but fortunately the grass path was soft enough to cushion a lot of the force. Except for a little skin trauma, Cao Ying was fine.

It's just that the donkey cart had a bad accident, and it fell apart on the spot. The old donkey was crushed by the frame of the cart and broke a leg. He was crying in pain, and Cao Ying was so distressed that he burst into tears.

The one-armed driver on the carriage seemed to see this scene, turned around and shouted at Cao Ying, "Sister, I'm sorry, I lost money today, but you can go to the Governor's Mansion to ask me to compensate, my name is Hu Fugui!"

When Cao Ying looked up, the knight and the carriage had already gone away.


As the capital of a province, Gyeongju City is naturally prosperous.

As the sun rises, the city is bustling with people, all kinds of shops start to open one after another, peddlers come and go, and a large group of preschool children are behind the shoulder-carrier peddler who sells along the street.

The city of Qingzhou is wide and high, and it is a famous grand city of Xiongguan in Daxia. The resident population, together with the surrounding counties and villages, is at least 700,000.

The morning smoke is faint, the voices of people are boiling, and the city residents who think they are superior yawn and start to make a living for a day.

Suddenly, riots broke out on the streets of Dongshi, the busiest city in the city.

The people rushed towards both sides of the road in panic, all kinds of goods were scattered all over the ground, and a group of knights dared to gallop in the busy city in defiance of the city's ban.

"Get out of the way, everyone out of the way, the Tongshan defenders are doing business, and retreat quickly!"

A few patrolling men were about to bite the bullet and go forward to stop the horse-riding knight in the downtown area. Hearing the knight's words in vain, they turned around immediately and disappeared into the crowd.

Just kidding, Tongshan Pass has just won a battle, and it is in full swing in the hearts of the people of the whole Tao. Let alone the city, even if the East City is demolished, it is not something that small officials like them can manage.

The knights ran amok in the city, all the way to the governor's mansion.

Seeing this situation, the soldiers standing guard in front of the gate felt as if they were facing a formidable enemy. They thought it was some unknown guy who was trying to storm the governor's mansion.

"Zhao San, it's me. Hurry up and send someone to report to the governor, saying that Mr. Yuan is seriously injured and dying. By the way, please ask Dr. Zhang to come and treat him!!"

The one-armed coachman on the carriage screamed from a long distance away. Captain Zhao San took a closer look and couldn't help but exclaimed, "Stuffy gourd?"

"It's me, hurry up, don't stand still!" Men Hulu roared hoarsely.

Zhao San and Mian Hulu were old acquaintances, knowing that he was the Second Young Master's personal soldier, they didn't dare to delay immediately, and hurriedly sent someone to report, and then stepped forward and ordered the knights to slow down and stop, not to approach within a hundred meters.

The responsibility is to let the gourd talk about the sky, and Zhao San dare not let the gourd break into the mansion, otherwise his ten heads will not be enough to chop off.

Moreover, Zhao San felt that their group was abnormal, and they seemed to be very panicked in the heavily guarded city, as if there were some monsters chasing after them.

Men Hulu rolled his eyes in anxiety, but he had no choice but to stop the carriage.

Seeing this, the guard knights also slowed down and dismounted.

Most of these guards, Zhao San, knew most of them. Seeing that their faces were tired, and there was a trace of fear in their eyes, he couldn't help but asked curiously, "What's the matter with you? Didn't Tanma report that you still have two days away? Why are you rushing so suddenly?" When you come back, are you still in such a mess?"

All the guards couldn't help smiling wryly when they heard the words, and they looked like they were still in fear.

Zhao San didn't care if he didn't get an answer, he just needed to defend the Governor's Mansion well, and the rest was out of his control.

After waiting for a while, an old man dressed as a butler hurried over from the gate following the messenger soldier, holding his front and shouting anxiously, "The governor has an order to let Mr. Yuan and the guards enter the house as soon as possible!"

Just waiting for this sentence, Mian Hulu didn't care to greet the old housekeeper, jumped into the carriage, picked up Yuan Yutang who seemed to be sleeping, and rushed into the mansion in a hurry.

The Governor's Mansion occupies a very large area, with court buildings and lakes, shaded by trees, eaves, brackets, and winding corridors. It is magnificent and luxurious.

It's a pity that Men Hulu didn't have time to enjoy the beautiful scenery, so he ran straight to the inner courtyard.

The poor old housekeeper was so old that he was forced to run behind the buttocks of the gourd and was out of breath.

The two rushed to an antique courtyard one after the other, and Man Hulu seemed to be very familiar with this place. He went straight to the guest room in Xiyuan, kicked the door roughly, and stunned the nearby servants.

After entering the room, Men Hulu carefully put Yuan Yutang on the bed, and then breathed a sigh of relief.

"Quack...you stupid bastard, you've exhausted the old man~"

The old butler was sweating profusely holding the door, gasping for breath, and couldn't help pointing at the gourd and cursing with a smile.

With a sullen face, Men Hulu turned around and asked, "What's going on? Didn't you tell someone to invite Doctor Zhang? Why hasn't he arrived for so long?"

The old housekeeper rolled his eyes after hearing this, and said angrily, "Do you think Dr. Zhang is a servant of your family, and you can see him if you say so?"

"You!" Poor gourd was suffocated, if he hadn't seen that old man was old, he could not help but strike.

"Doctor Zhang is here~"

At this time, there was a loud notification sound from outside the door, and Mu Hulu was shocked immediately, leaving the old housekeeper behind, and rushed out of the room to pick him up.

A middle-aged man in a green shirt with a medical kit on his back walked quickly along with his servants, he must be Doctor Zhang that Mianhulu had mentioned.

Men Hulu couldn't wait any longer, and didn't care if he would be rude, so he went straight forward and grabbed Dr. Zhang's robe and rushed to the guest room.

"Quick, the young master's condition is very serious, doctor Zhang please go to the doctor as soon as possible."

Physician Zhang has been practicing medicine for many years, so naturally he doesn't have the same knowledge as Boiling Gourd, he obediently followed into the guest room, and at a glance he saw a boy lying on the bed with a sallow complexion and frowning, who seemed to be in a coma.

"You rough, how can you be rude to Dr. Zhang!" Seeing this, the old butler jumped up and scolded.

Physician Zhang waved his hand to signal the old housekeeper to be calm, and hurriedly stepped forward to put down the medical box, and began to check the pulse of the sleeping Yuan Yutang.

After a while, Dr. Zhang frowned and said, "The patient's internal organs are overworked and injured. He seems to be sick from overwork, and his Qi mechanism is disordered, his veins are withered, and his life is in danger at any time. How could it be so serious?"

When Menhulu heard this, he was so anxious that tears almost flowed out, he knelt down on the ground with a thump, kowtowed and said, "Oh, please save me, my master~ You just ended up in this situation to save us, he He is a good man, he shouldn't have died young, I beg you to save him~"

The boring gourd cried heart-rendingly, and was extremely sad.

The old housekeeper and Dr. Zhang were taken aback, and couldn't help but sigh deeply.

It must be extremely sad for a big man to cry like this.

Doctor Zhang is used to seeing life and death, so he couldn't help but be moved by Mian Hulu's loyalty.

"Healing the wounded and saving lives is the bounden duty of a doctor. Needless to say, this old man will do his best to rescue... Well, everyone, let's go out. This old man is ready to rescue. As for whether he can live or not, it all depends on his own destiny..." Doctor Zhang said quietly road.

The old butler respectfully saluted Doctor Zhang, "This son has contributed to the country, and he is also a close friend of the Second Young Master. Before coming here, the governor has ordered that as long as there are medicinal materials in the treasury of the Governor's Mansion, the doctor will use them at any cost." To save his life, it is up to the doctor, please!"

After speaking, he quickly pulled up the sobbing muffled gourd and left quickly.

Physician Zhang rolled up his sleeves, opened the medicine box, took out various medical instruments, pondered for a moment, and began a series of dizzying diagnoses and treatments.

An hour passed, and the guards of Mengoulu and Huihui walked back and forth anxiously at the door, anxiously looking at the closed door from time to time, but they never opened it, and the haze in their hearts intensified.

creak~

Suddenly, the door opened, and doctor Zhang came out with a tired face.

The men in the gourd crowd eagerly surrounded them. Before they could open their mouths, Dr. Zhang smiled wearily, "I lived up to my expectations. I finally took that young master's life back from the hands of Hades."

After hearing Dr. Zhang's words, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

God bless you, bless you son to turn danger into good luck...


		