

"Quack quack ~"

"Jiujiujiu~"

"Wooooow~"

As the night deepened, the beasts in the forest gradually woke up and started hunting for a day. For a while, there were strange and weird calls everywhere, just like playing a strange piece of music.

Concubine Zhou Luo's eyes were blank, she curled up into a small ball in fear, her eyes filled with tears, and she sobbed softly with her mouth flattened.

It's pity to see her, she has never experienced such a horrible scene in such a big age.

The wild mosquitoes in the mountains wandered among the woods like lingering dark clouds, and the buzzing and flapping of their wings made one's flesh tremble.

And she was hungry and cold, and that nasty guy was still sound asleep.

The more I thought about it, the more wronged I became, the young lady who had never suffered before finally couldn't bear it, and burst into tears:

"Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooah

Yuan Yutang actually didn't fall asleep. He frowned because of the noise, and finally turned over and sat up helplessly, and said with a blank expression, "I said Miss, why don't you let me sleep if you can't sleep? Howling in the middle of the night Don't stop, and don't be afraid of wild beasts coming to snatch you away!"

Zhou Luofei was startled when she heard this, and she cried even louder, and with her two long legs stretched out, she learned a woman's innate talent without a teacher——to throw and roll.

Yuan Yutang raised his head and closed his eyes in pain, thinking what sin he had done, that he picked up an ancestor for nothing and came back to serve him.

Standing up suddenly, he walked towards the woods without looking back.

Suddenly, Concubine Zhou Luo couldn't care less about her mischief, she rushed forward and grabbed Yuan Yutang's robe tightly, sobbing with tears in her eyes, "Where are you going? Please don't leave me, I'm alone Will be eaten by wild beasts~"

Yuan Yutang took a few deep breaths, and said speechlessly, "You also know that night is the time when wild beasts leave their nests to hunt, so why were you crying so vigorously just now?"

Being reprimanded for no reason, Concubine Zhou Luo was so wronged that she wanted to cry.

Yuan Yutang quickly raised his hands in surrender and said, "Okay, don't cry, I won't go, I'll find you something to eat, right?"

"Really? You promise you won't leave me alone?" Even though she didn't want to be alone, Zhou Luofei didn't dare to follow into the forest, so she could only ask doubtfully.

Yuan Yutang rolled his eyes angrily and said, "Miss, all my belongings are here, even if I want to leave, I have no reason to take advantage of you, right?"

"You!" Zhou Luofei was impatient, and just about to say a few tough words, but a black shadow suddenly passed over her head, which made her yelp in fright, and made a gesture to pounce on Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang's eyes were sharp, and he stretched out his hand to press her forehead directly, "Hey, men and women can't kiss each other, you took advantage of it during the day, don't try to repeat the old trick."


Zhou Luofei's pair of water-cut autumn eyes stared round in vain, and she looked at Yuan Yutang with an incredible gaze. After a while, she suddenly jumped up and growled:

"What did you say? I took advantage of you during the day? Say it again if you have the ability!"

Zhou Luofei was furious, as if she had suffered some unbearable humiliation.

"Hehe~"

Seeing Concubine Zhou Luo be furious, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but feel the depression in his heart gradually disappearing.

Sure enough, building happiness on the pain of others is the coolest.

Too lazy to argue, Yuan Yutang shook his body and disappeared immediately.

Concubine Zhou Luo was stunned, and subconsciously wanted to chase after Yuan Yutang, but she didn't know which direction Yuan Yutang was going to, she walked back and forth a few times, and finally had no choice but to endure her fear and return to the campsite.

Huh~

A gust of cold mountain wind blows the fallen leaves on the ground, the waning moon in the sky is covered by dark clouds, and the surroundings seem to be surrounded by heavy curtains, and you can hardly see your fingers.

Zhou Luofei curled up with her arms around her knees, her eyeballs kept spinning, her nerves were tense to the extreme, and any slightest movement would frighten her half to death.

For the first time, she felt that time passed so slowly.

And I don't know when, the strange sound in the forest seems to disappear, and it is quiet and terrifying.

It is easy to think wildly in an extremely quiet environment.

Zhou Luofei desperately wanted to control her brain, but with her mind wandering, how could she control it easily?

All of a sudden, all the supernatural and strange stories I have heard since I was a child came to my mind, and all kinds of terrifying monsters I imagined seemed to be hiding in the dark and waiting for an opportunity.

Concubine Zhou Luo was extremely regretful, regretting why she hadn't been brave enough to follow Yuan Yutang just now, it's better than worrying about it alone.

Suddenly, out of the corner of Zhou Luofei's eyes, she seemed to see a person standing under the shade of a tree not far away.

At this time, the sleeping Chitu's ears froze for a moment, and just about to open his eyes, unexpectedly a strange smell came along with the wind, Chitu fell asleep again as soon as he smelled it.

rustle...

There was a sound of footsteps stepping on fallen leaves, and Concubine Zhou Luo was shocked, thinking that Yuan Yutang had finally come back, and she was about to go forward to greet her with ecstasy.

Unexpectedly, when the person came to the edge of the bonfire, there was a haggard old woman with a bamboo basket in her arms.

The old woman seemed very surprised by Concubine Zhou Luo's appearance, and asked in surprise, "Girl, why are you staying alone in the mountains in the middle of the night? Where's your lord?"

Concubine Zhou Luo was also taken aback, thinking that it would be strange for you, an old woman, to appear here at this time, right?

But before he had time to ask a question, he smelled a strange smell in his nostrils, which was suddenly inhaled into his brain, and he immediately seemed to be fascinated, and stood still in a daze.

The old woman pursed her shriveled mouth, and swallowed the saliva that was about to come out. There seemed to be a flash of greed in the cloudy old eyes, and she walked tremblingly with the bamboo basket on her shoulders.

"Hehe, I'm so lucky today. When I went out, I bumped into good food delivered to my door. Look at this tender meat. The cubs in the family are lucky~"

As he said that, he wanted to reach out his old, withered hands to caress Zhou Luofei's pink cheeks.

Unexpectedly, in the middle of the journey, he suddenly stretched out a palm to wrap around the old woman's hand, and immediately the old woman heard a cold voice:

"Master just went out for a while, you old man will pick the right time!"

The old woman was startled suddenly, and just about to pull back her arm, she didn't think that the white palm was obviously not big, but it held her hand tightly like an iron hoop, and she couldn't move it.

"㗅~" The old woman was furious, her old face full of ravines distorted and deformed in vain, and in the blink of an eye it turned into a ferocious wolf face, with two green eyes staring fiercely at it.

She, it should be said that it was it, but she wanted to see who had eaten the bear's heart and leopard gall, and dared to disturb the hunting of the wolf old lady.

Just as he turned his head halfway, he saw a fist zooming in rapidly.

Boom!

The old fairy wolf who was disguised as an old woman felt as if she had been hit by a rock, half of her face was numb, most of her teeth were hammered off, and she flew out with stares in her eyes.

Puff, puff~

After rolling on the ground more than a dozen times before stopping, the old lady wolf was furious and frightened. She slapped the ground and flew up, arched her body on all fours, bared her teeth and growled in a low voice.

I saw a young man with a face like a crown jade standing in front of him, holding two listless pheasants in his hands.

Who else is not Yuan Yutang who rushed back in time?

Yuan Yutang ignored the stern old lady wolf, first turned to check on Zhou Luofei and Chitu, and was relieved to make sure that they were all right.

"Where did the little bastard come from, dare to run wild in my wolf old lady's territory, aren't you afraid of dying and walking out of this forest alive?"

The wolf old lady growled ferociously.

Yuan Yutang first put down the pheasant in his hand, then rolled up his sleeves, and walked towards the old lady Lang, with a gentle expression, like a well-educated Confucian student.

"It took me a long time to find two pheasants. I was worried that there would not be enough food for the three of us. Someone brought pillows to me as soon as I fell asleep. Although the wolf meat is sour, roasting it with some salt will always fill the stomach."

The old lady wolf was furious when she heard this.

Since it became enlightened, it has eaten countless living people, and it has never seen such an arrogant mortal.

She hasn't eaten him yet, but instead she uttered cruel words to eat herself?

What a toad yawned--what a big yawn!

Yuan Yutang smiled brightly, and lightly hooked his fingers.

This action does not hurt much, but it is extremely insulting.

The untamed wolf old lady finally couldn't bear it anymore, raised her head and let out a shrill wolf howl, and then flew out.


Concubine Zhou Luo was awakened by a burst of fragrance, she rubbed her eyes in a daze, feeling like a ghost pressing the bed, her whole body was extremely tired.

"Hehe, you will enjoy it. You wake up as soon as the meat is roasted. Come and eat it. Wolf meat is so tough that you can't bite it when it's cold."

Yuan Yutang was sitting by the bonfire, carefully roasting a skinned wolf leg, sprinkling salt from time to time, or cutting it with a knife, and beside him were two fat chickens that were grilled until golden and dripping with oil.

With a grunt, Zhou Luofei swallowed her saliva. She hadn't touched a drop of rice since yesterday, and she was so hungry that her chest was on her back. She didn't care about her daughter's restraint, so she took the fragrant barbecue meat from Yuan Yutang and shook it. The tooth gangster started to gobble it up, stuffing his little face bulgingly, looking extremely cute.

Uncle Chitu also got up slowly and came over yawning.

Yuan Yutang chuckled, and patiently cut the wolf's legs into strips to serve Chitu uncle to eat.

Zhou Luofei's mouth was full of greasy food, she felt that she had never eaten such a delicious barbecue in her life, and it was rare for her to praise with a smile, "I didn't expect that you are not a good person, and you are good at barbecue, where did you call from?" Wolf?"

Hearing this, Yuan Yutang glanced away at the wolf corpse that was still bleeding from the corner of his eyes, and said with a grin, "Haha, I only heard about the allusion of waiting for a rabbit before, but I didn't expect that there would be a wolf that came to your door. It's too polite, I don't like it." It’s a bit embarrassing to eat it.”

Blinking and blinking her beautiful eyelashes that were as long as cattail fans, Zhou Luofei seemed to understand, she was too lazy to get entangled, and continued to bury her head in dealing with the barbecue.

A crisis was resolved in such a calm and calm manner.

It was already early the next morning when the two woke up again.

After eating and sleeping enough, Concubine Zhou Luo only felt extremely refreshed, and the fatigue from yesterday's trek all disappeared.

Suddenly, she found that the clothes on the leftover wolf carcass looked familiar. She stepped forward and looked, wasn't this the clothes of the old woman she saw in her dream yesterday?

Suddenly, Bingxue was smart, she thought of a terrifying possibility, and hurriedly turned her head to look at Yuan Yutang.

When I was a child, I often listened to old people telling stories. There are monsters in the mountains who are good at pretending to be adults to confuse passers-by. Once they are fascinated, they will definitely eat them up.

Could it be that the strange dream last night was a living monster that harmed people?

Yuan Yutang packed the bedding and bags without saying a word or smiling, completely ignoring Concubine Zhou Luo.

Zhou Luofei was at a loss for words, and angrily swallowed the words of thanks that came to her mouth.

Hmph, I won't say thank you to you, I'm mad at you!


		