

"... At three o'clock in the seventh month of the first month of last month, when He Erxing, the watchman, went to Liuhua Street in the north of the city, he found that sixty-eight members of the rich family of Li Quanfu, a rich man, had been slaughtered. The scene was like a horrible slaughterhouse, and all the corpses were disembowelled , all my heart and soul are missing..."

"... At two o'clock on the 19th day of the last month, the night patrol soldier Zhao Tai discovered that the gate of Cao Liujingnan's house in the south of the city was wide open, and the smell of blood was strong. They all died suddenly, and the method of death was also cut open, the only difference is that this time the spleen was missing..."

"...on the 25th ugly day of last month, Yegui secretary Lang Qinmingliang passed by Chen Shengcai's home in the west of the city, and discovered another massacre. The method was almost the same as the previous two cases. There were no survivors at the scene, and all of them lost their kidneys... ..."

On the way to the scene of the crime, the head arrester reluctantly explained to Yuan Yutang the ins and outs of the serial massacres.

"...Three brutal and inhuman extermination cases occurred in a row, the Fu Zun was furious and ordered to set a date to solve the case.

However, the murderer comes and goes invisible, almost without trace. In addition, there are no clear witnesses to provide clues. Everyone in the city is in danger. The local police cannot solve the case and find out the murderer as soon as possible. Therefore, the case was covered by our six fans The door handle..."

"...Our six sects specialize in investigating strange cases in the world, but all unexplainable strange cases are bound to be linked with evil sects, demons and ghosts. Naturally, we have a set of methods to distinguish whether demons are causing trouble..."

"...these cases are so weird, at first I thought it was the work of demons, but after investigation with special means, there was no trace of evil in the three scenes, so we put the investigation target back on man-made... ..."

"...In order not to startle the snake, I adopted the method of waiting for the rabbit, closely monitoring..."

"Wait!" Yuan Yutang, who had been listening carefully, suddenly interrupted.

"It's all right, nobleman!" the head catcher Wu Basan clasped his fists and said solemnly.

Yuan Yutang showed a voluntary smile like a pupil of death, and said confidently, "If my guess is correct, the place where the crime happened tonight must be in the east of the city, right?"

Wu Basan pursed his lips when he heard the words, and thought in his heart that this guy had something to talk about, so that's it?

The four directions of southeast, north, south, and north are fulfilled three times. As long as the IQ is not a problem, it can be guessed that the murderer is deliberately committing crimes in accordance with the four directions.

If the guess is correct, this guy will definitely say triumphantly that the victim was taken from the heart this time.

Sure enough, before Wu Basan could answer, Yuan Yutang continued complacently, "I can conclude that the victim's heart must be taken away this time!"

Yuan Yutang's eyes lit up after reasoning, and he almost wrote the three characters of "quick praise me" on his forehead.

Wu Basan and his subordinates secretly looked at each other, and they all concluded that Yuan Yutang was an idiot.

In front of them who have rich experience in handling cases, they are playing tricks without knowing it. What is it if it is not an idiot?

Because of the genuine gold medal from the Northeast Governor's Mansion, Wu Basan and the others didn't want to save him, so they had to say a few compliments like "Your Excellency is good at reasoning, and you are insightful".

Yuan Yutang didn't even know that he had already made a big mistake in front of these old idiots, and he thought that his lame reasoning learned from animation shocked the old-fashioned old-fashioned, so he was very happy.

Only the female thief who was escorted had beautiful eyes.

Soon everyone came to a wealthy mansion in the east of the city.

Immediately afterwards, dozens of soldiers with knives and guns appeared from the dark, and Wu Basan explained that these were auxiliary soldiers assisted by the local people.

Yuan Yutang understood in an instant.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

That's right, with the number 5837 alone, it is impossible to deploy and control the entire east of the city if you are exhausted. If you want to set up a trick to lure the king into the urn, you will definitely use local personnel to assist.

The chief lieutenant told the scene that since Wu Basan and the others left, no one has approached them again.

Yuan Yutang pondered for a while, and walked into the gate first.

As soon as he entered the front yard, a strong and unresolved bloody smell suddenly flooded his nostrils.

Yuan Yutang frowned imperceptibly, and walked to the front hall.

Nuo Da's reception hall is like an old slaughterhouse, with a layer of semi-solidified dark red blood flowing on the ground, and when you step on it, you can almost pull out silk.

In the front hall, there were more than a dozen stiff corpses lying here and there, both men and women, without exception, all of them had been disembowelled, like pigs that had just been slaughtered.

Yuan Yutang didn't change his face, and began to look for clues everywhere.

His calm and composed demeanor can't help but change the impression of the detectives who look down on him.

When ordinary people see such a horrific and bloody crime scene, their knees will go limp without being frightened. How could it be possible for Yuan Yutang to be as calm as Yuan Yutang, unless it has long been commonplace.

It's just a change of mind, Wu Basan and the others stood still, showing no intention of helping.

They have already sent people to search every corner of the scene. The murderer is ruthless and his whereabouts are secretive. It is impossible to find clues. Why waste effort?

The female thief had an anxious pink face, hopeful eyes, and her whole heart was tied to Yuan Yutang.

According to the law of Daxia, the thief will be sentenced according to the seriousness of the crime, and the most serious one is to be exiled to the frontier without risking his life.

But the crime of intentional homicide is different. Once convicted, beheading for public display is relatively light.

Whether he can be cleared of the crime depends entirely on Yuan Yutang.


Yuan Yutang has always kept his word, um, deliberate deception is not counted.

What is promised will generally go all out.

Even after searching for a long time in vain, he still refused to give up.

Seeing that the sky was about to dawn, Wu Basan's patience was almost exhausted, and they were about to forcibly stop Yuan Yutang's farce.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang, who was lying under the table, shouted in surprise:

"Come on, I found a clue!"

Wu Basan was startled when he heard the words, and retorted instinctively, "Impossible, I have already searched the whole house, except for the mouse hole, there is no way I missed anything!"

As he said that, he was stunned, and subconsciously repeated, "The mouse hole...it's dark under the lamp...is that so..."

The rest of the police also looked thoughtful.

Yuan Yutang backed out from under the table with his butt pouted, holding half a piece of blood-stained paper the size of a fingernail in his hand, and smiled confidently, "That's right, the reason why the murderer comes and goes invisible is because the answer is hidden in the mouse hole!"

"People have inertial thinking, and they often inadvertently commit empiricism and ignore some non-obvious clues. This is the so-called darkness under the lights."

"Look, everyone!"

Yuan Yutang put the half piece of blood-stained paper in his hand for everyone to watch.

"The blood stain on this shredded paper is still very fresh, and it can still feel a little wet when you touch it with your hands. It has definitely not been more than two hours."

"Furthermore, this paper is fine in texture and white in color. If you carefully distinguish it, you can tell that it is made by forging and pressing. This kind of paper is not common, and it usually only appears on one occasion."

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Deliberately putting a lid on it, watching the distressed appearance of everyone who has realized something but can't grasp the key points, Yuan Yutang is like eating iced watermelon in the dog days, exuding a sense of refreshment from the inside out.

No wonder the detectives in film and television dramas always like to play tricks on the key to solve the case. It turns out that the pleasure of crushing IQ is really very comfortable.

After being addicted, Yuan Yutang calmly revealed the answer to the mystery.

"This kind of forging paper is tough and elastic, and it's not easy to wrinkle, so it's often used in the paper piercing of the underworld shop!"

As soon as this remark came out, everyone was shocked.

Wu Basan snatched the blood-stained shard from Yuan Yutang's palm, and hissed with wide-eyed eyes, "...mouse holes... paper piercing people... come and go without a shadow... so that's how it should be!"

At this moment, Yuan Yutang seemed to be possessed by a pupil of the god of death, made a movement of pushing his glasses, and said decisively, "This is obviously a murder case of disgusting tricks, as long as we carefully search the ghost shop in the city, the murderer will definitely have nowhere to escape. shape!"

Wu Basan and the others suddenly realized, and at the same time they were impressed by Yuan Yutang's rigorous and detailed reasoning.

It's genuine convincing, not flattery.

"Five or six, three or four, immediately lead a hundred people to search the ghost shop all over the city!"

The murderer was right in front of him, so Wu Basan immediately issued an order.

"At the same time, send people to block the gates of the major cities. Before I order, not a mouse can be released outside the city!"

All the arresters clasped their fists in a hurry to promise, and then split up. In the blink of an eye, only Wu Basan, Yuan Yutang and the bound female thief were left in the front hall.

When there was no one around, Wu Basan went up solemnly, respectfully bowed to Yuan Yutang to the end, and said sincerely, "Just now I criticized Xiao Langjun in my heart as an idiot, but I didn't expect Xiao Lang Jun to be so wise and stupid. The real culprit, Mr. Xiao Lang should take the lead, please forgive me for being blind."

Yuan Yutang's complacent expression froze immediately, turning into a big embarrassing character.

Is this speaking human language?

Where the hell am I like a straw bag? Your whole family is nothing but idiots! !

If the elementary school students who have watched thousands of episodes of death have not even learned this reasoning, wouldn't they be living on dogs?

Forget it, since this person is fairly upright, I don't bother to argue with him.

The arrest work is inseparable from Wu Basan's command, and he will leave after the conviction.

Before leaving, he paused, and smiled ambiguously at Yuan Yutang, "Mr. Xiao Lang successfully helped the female thief get cleared of her crimes. It must be just around the corner. Let me congratulate Mr. Xiao Lang for embracing the beauty."

Yuan Yutang:? ? ?

Looking at Wu Basan's leaving back in confusion, Yuan Yutang looked back and suddenly understood.

I saw the female thief with a pretty pink face, shyly lowering her head and not daring to look directly at Yuan Yutang.

The most terrible thing is that the rope on her body has not been untied, and I don’t know which clever knot tied it, but there is a faint demeanor of a rope artist in the island country’s action movies in her previous life, completely showing the beautiful figure of the girl who is in bud. outline it.

This kind of amorous feelings really cost him his own life. He inexplicably felt a fever in his nasal cavity, as if two streams of heat were about to rush out.

As a human being in two lifetimes, he couldn't see the girl's mind.

According to the routine of martial arts, if the benefactor is handsome, he will be a slave and handmaid, and promises to be his body; if the benefactor is ugly, there will be no repayment, and he will be a cow and a horse in the next life.

Pooh!

Double standard dog, the young master will not condone such bad habits!

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		