

Under the night, countless cold lights flickered, and mana fluctuated wildly, which was obviously from the hands of the warlock.

Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang!

A series of rapid gold and iron chimes suddenly exploded.

It was the other demon hunters from Linglong's gang who were attacking Henggong Yu.

Although the scene was lively and lively, the fierce attacks of more than a dozen demon hunters, capable of breaking rocks and breaking gold, were unable to cut through the crimson scales on Henggong Yu's body at all.

"Aw~ howl~"

Although the scale armor blocked the sharp weapon attack, part of the force still penetrated the protection of the scale armor and penetrated into the body. The male fish howled in pain, rolling and struggling frantically.

"Scream, stop struggling. Do you think you can tear through the demon-binding net that has been soaked in black dog blood for seven to forty-nine days with just brute force? Lay down obediently!"

The two tigers were so excited that their faces were distorted, and they carried a huge Xuanhua ax and slashed at the back of the male fish's head swiftly and fiercely.

"㗅!"

Sensing the fierce wind blowing behind him, he hurriedly tried to dodge, but he was bound by the demon net, and he was cut straight before he could move.

when!

There was a melodious and crisp sound like a yellow bell, and the Henggong fish was smashed to the ground and flew several meters away with stars in his eyes.

The two tigers were also having a hard time, the strong shock directly knocked him out like a kite with broken strings, his hands burst open, and he fell to the ice wailing.

"Stop dawdling, give it all to me!"

Linglong in the distance issued orders with a vicious expression on her face.

After hearing this, all the demon hunters showed bloodthirsty grins, and then launched another fierce attack.

All of a sudden, swords, swords and arrows flew randomly on the shore of the lake, and violent and violent noises could be heard endlessly.

The once-in-a-hundred-year alien beast Hengmao Yu was brutally ravaged.

Yuan Yutang, who was suspended in the air, watched the fierce battle on the shore tend to be one-sided, and felt extremely anxious.

He didn't know how long Hengmao could last, but he knew that as long as Hengmao was taken down, he would be the next person to die.

Linglong and his party will never keep him alive.

If he can't force out the medicinal power of Jue Mai San before Heng Gong Yu's body dies, then he will surely die.

"Damn it, hurry up, hurry up!"

In the cold weather, Yuan Yutang was so anxious that he was sweating profusely.

He clearly felt that most of the medicinal power had been forced out of his body, but the remaining part was like a tarsus, which blocked several important energy channels of his movement, leaving him stuck in his throat.


After a stick of incense time passed, the atmosphere on the shore of the lake suddenly became a little weird.

I saw more than a dozen big monster hunters stop their movements with treacherous faces, all of them were sweating, and looked at the weapon in their hands in disbelief.

All the people present are warlocks who have cultivated themselves, and the weapons they use are not extraordinary. It is not an exaggeration to say that they are magical weapons that can cut iron like mud.

Yet it is precisely because of this that they feel confused and terrified.

Because the blades of each of them were curled and broken, but the Hengmao Yu who was besieged by them was unscathed.

What the hell! !

Is Henggong fish really invulnerable?

"Get out of the way!"

Just when everyone was doubting their lives, they were awakened by a thunderous shout, and immediately saw a black shadow rushing towards them as fast as thunder.

After a closer look, it turned out to be Lin Er?

Lin Er was in high spirits, and he quickly concluded the cumbersome seals while running, and a faint golden light appeared on his body under the night, inexplicably giving people the illusion of a divine soldier descending from heaven.

"Wind, fire, thunder and lightning, Liu Ding Liujia help me to slay the devil!"

Suddenly, like a startled rainbow piercing the sun, Lin Er's body glowed with golden light, like a scorching sun rising, and behind him appeared twelve half-illusory phantoms of generals, carrying the momentum of thunder with him, and slapped him with awe-inspiring palm A thrashing male fish.

""Liu Ding Liu Jia Shen Jiang Gong"? Lin Er is a member of the Kunlun School?"

Chen Lang's ghostly figure appeared behind Linglong who was watching the battle intently, and she couldn't help but exclaimed.

"The Kunlun School has a long history and has countless branches. Many of the folk arts have their own shadows of their skills. Even if Lin Erhui's "Liu Ding Liujia God General Gong" does not mean that he is a member of the Kunlun School." Linglong said expressionlessly. retorted.

After a pause, Linglong continued, "When Lin Er joined the group, he only said that he was a mountain warlock. He has been in the group for more than half a year, and he does not work hard. This time, he did not hesitate to expose his cards. I am afraid there are other plans... ..."

"What the boss said is true. This old man will keep an eye on him. If he dares to harbor evil intentions, this old man will definitely shoot him to death!" Chen Lang said in a condensed voice.

There was a cruel smile on the exquisite and handsome face, and the fine white millet teeth had a sense of arrogance. She shook her head and said, "Second brother, you must have misunderstood it, I mean..."

"No matter what his intentions are, let him sleep here forever!"

"After all, only the dead are absolutely harmless..."

Chen Lang gasped when he heard this, he didn't expect Linglong to be so ruthless, Lin Er just showed her signs, and she planned to kill her to silence her.

After a while, Chen Lang silently disappeared into the shadows, while Linglong still stood there watching the fire from the other side.


boom!

The loud sound like a drum suddenly exploded, the strong wind roared, and the mud splashed, like a hurricane passing through.

When the movement calmed down, everyone found in astonishment that there was only a big hole where the Henggong Yu was just now, but the Hengmao Yu had disappeared.

The power of Lin Er's palm was so terrifying that everyone was shocked.

In the next second, a sudden change occurred.

I saw a big bump on the ground behind a big one-eyed man, and a black shadow suddenly jumped out of it.

"Ugh~"

Before the one-eyed man had time to react, the black shadow grabbed his arms.

With a light tear, the arms of the one-eyed man were separated from the body, blood burst out, and he was immediately eaten to death.

Everyone was horrified when they saw this.

"If you don't want to die, get lost!"

Lin Er's face was as dark as the bottom of a pot, and the inevitable blow not only failed, but indirectly helped Heng Gongyu break free from the shackles of the demon net, which made him feel very uncomfortable.

Everyone was awe-inspiring, knowing that they were no match, they hurriedly retreated a few feet away to guard.

Taking a deep breath, Lin Er suddenly activated his mana with luck, and the golden light shone in an instant, and the twelve phantoms behind him became more and more solid.

Seeing that Lin Er dared to provoke him, Heng Gongyu couldn't help being furious. He threw away the gnawed corpse in his hand, stepped forward suddenly, and the snow foam on the ground was blown half a foot high. A birch tree with a thick bowl mouth was uprooted and used as a stick, roaring to meet it.

Boom!

In Xumijian, Lin Er and Heng Gong Yu fiercely fought into a ball, arousing a violent wind, and instantly launched a fierce hand-to-hand fight.

㗅 㗅 㗅!

The horizontal male fish is worthy of the record of its infinite strength. It danced the birch trees weighing hundreds of catties as light as a feather, and turned them into sticks and shadows covering Lin Er.

Lin Er, who was protected by six Ding Liujia and twelve divine generals, was not in vain. He didn't even evade at all, and chose to confront Heng Gong Yu head-on.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

The terrifying collision sound of exploding and painful eardrums filled the room, and the surrounding people could only see countless afterimages suddenly appearing and disappearing, and the scene was extremely thrilling.

As soon as the reckless two tigers came back, they were stunned by the scene in front of them, their hearts suddenly trembled, and there was a strong fear.

Because Lin Er only joined the team in the middle of last year, and he is usually lazy, he is often bullied by other old people in the team, especially him, the second tiger.

Unexpectedly, Lin Er, who seemed shameless, was actually pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger!

Judging by his current cultivation base, he has definitely reached the peak of the monk realm, and there is no fourth person in the team who can match him except for the two masters.

If Lin Erji holds a grudge in his heart, how can he survive?

Not only the two tigers, but also the other big men were beating their hearts. If Linglong hadn't been intimidating from a distance, they might have dispersed in a hurry.

Anyone who dares to be a monster hunter basically has no chance to be a good person, and such a fart as running away is just basic practice.

Back on the battlefield, the fierce battle between Lin Er and Heng Gong Yu has already heated up.

I saw only half of the phantoms of the twelve Taoist generals behind Lin Er were left, and the rest were not defeated by Heng Gongyu relying on brute force, and his own aura gradually weakened. , defeat is only a matter of time.

Although Lin Er was successfully suppressed, Heng Gong Yu also paid a certain price.

The birch tree used as a weapon had already been shattered in the confrontation. Although the extremely hard scales were not broken, a lot of strength penetrated through the protection of the scales and penetrated into the body. internal injuries.

Seeing that his defeat had been decided, Lin Er felt ruthless in his heart, desperately mobilizing his mana, and shouted, "Liu Ding Liu Jia, the gods will return to one, 靐!!"

As soon as the words fell, the remnant gods of the six realms suddenly overlapped the phantoms and threw them into Lin Er's body, a brilliant light erupted immediately, and Lin Er immediately rushed towards the male fish like a madman!

Heng Gongyu let out a roar, and stretched out two big palm-leaf fans like lightning, as if he wanted to smash the intruder Lin Er into a meat paste.

Lin Er yanked his arm out and clasped the giant arm of the male fish, and the two fell into a stalemate of wrestling.

Human warlocks have always been favored by heaven, and their upper limit of practice is higher than that of demons and ghosts.

But there are pros and cons.

Simply competing in body and strength, warlocks can't keep up with the unique monsters even if they flatter them.

After a few breaths, the deadlocked balance was broken, and the brute force of Heng Gongyu made Lin Er bend over, and he was about to be crushed alive.

At the critical moment, Lin Er didn't want to get away, and suddenly yelled at Linglong, "Fuck your mother's 'Jade Face Rakshasa', when are you going to watch the show? I'm dead, young master, and you won't be left behind! "

Linglong raised her brows upside down when she heard the words, she was furious instinctively, but she was soon suppressed by her, after a little weighing, she finally made a decision, her figure flickered, and she flew into the battlefield like a shooting star.

"Second, let's take down Henggong first!"

The next moment, Chen Lang's figure suddenly appeared behind the male fish like a ghost, grinning grinningly, grabbed its neck, which was as thick as an adult man's waist, and swung it hard.

Then an incredible scene appeared.

The heavy male fish was thrown away by the thin and haggard Chen Lang like a chicken, and it hit a big tree that was hugged by two people.

"Hehe." Chen Lang put his hands into his long sleeves habitually, and smiled meaningfully at Lin Er who escaped from death, "Boy, you only know 'Jade Face Rakshasa', but have you ever heard of 'Sitting King Kong'? ?”


		