

At noon the next day, Kang Lei, the magistrate of Tanzhou, rushed to the woods where the Thunder Badger died with five hundred temporarily assembled auxiliary soldiers, armed with knives, guns and sticks.

As a local magistrate, no one knew better than him the harm Lei Badger had caused back then. Once he received the report from the guards, he rushed over without even having time to verify it.

After seeing Lei Badger's body with his own eyes, Kang Lei, who was terrified all night, finally let go of the big stone in his heart.

Yuan Yutang didn't like to socialize with strangers, so he asked Men Hulu to deal with the aftermath with Tangzhou officials on his behalf. He sat alone in the carriage on the left, holding a bowl of warm batter, and carefully fed it bit by bit with chopsticks. A little badger with just opened eyes.

The little badger has cleaned the blood and mucus on its surface. It looks like a suckling dog, with soft fur and wrinkled pink skin. It is twisting its small body in Yuan Yutang's arms. Chopsticks dipped in batter look adorable.

After eating half a bowl of batter, the little badger burped contentedly, then changed into a comfortable position, and fell asleep soundly in Yuan Yutang's arms.

Yuan Yutang looked at the little badger in his arms tenderly, and suddenly felt a sense of sympathy.

Little Badger lost his close relative when he was born, so why not him?

He came to this world alone, even if he died one day, he didn't know if someone would shed a tear for him.

In the sadness, someone knocked on the car window suddenly, and then there was a muffled sound:

"My lord, Lord Zhizhou wants to see you."

Yuan Yutang frowned slightly after hearing this.

Having been a human being for two lifetimes, the thing he dislikes the most in his life is being polite and greeting others, especially the hypocrisy in official circles, God knows which unintentional words will offend others.

He originally asked Men Hulu to come forward on his behalf on the grounds that he was ill, but he didn't expect Zhizhou to insist on meeting each other.

There is only one reason for that.

Looking down at the sweetly sleeping little badger, Yuan Yutang gently put it on the soft blanket, straightened his clothes, opened the door and got out of the car.

Standing in front of the carriage was a group of Tangzhou officials of all sizes, headed by an elegant middle-aged official wearing a regular fourth-rank official uniform, with thick eyebrows and big eyes, and a bookish air.

This person is Kang Lei, the magistrate of Tanzhou, who has been an official for many years, is upright and honest, and is quite famous in the local area.

"Kang Lei, the magistrate of Tanzhou, and officials at all levels in Tanzhou have met the real person in charge."

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was so young, Kang Lei was a little surprised, and quickly replied, bowing seriously.

"The next official has seen the real master."

The rest of the officials also saluted.

Although warlocks are respected in this world, they are faintly above the world.

But Yuan Yutang, the little-known head of the Jingshan sect, logically speaking, shouldn't be treated so grandly.

There is only one reason why the high-ranking and powerful officials deliberately lowered their stature and flattered them:

That is, they all knew that Yuan Yutang was the number one hero in the Battle of Tongshan Pass.

Half a month has passed, and the hearty victory in the Battle of Tongshan Pass has long been spread throughout Daxia. As local officials in the Northeast Province, how could these people not know that Yuan Yutang's future is limitless.

Officials are all people with exquisite minds, proficient in human relationships and sophistication, so they naturally know that cooking a cold stove is the best way to make friends, so they made their etiquette impeccable, flattering Yuan Yutang, the future nobleman, quietly.

Yuan Yutang also knew it well, and replied neither arrogantly nor humblely, "Xiaodao has seen you lords, but the sect has declined, and he absolutely cannot be called a real person. I hope you lords will not make jokes."

Although Taoism emphasizes quietness and inaction, it also has real class distinctions.

Without a real real person's cultivation base, he used the name of a real person presumptuously. If it got out, it might make people laugh.

Kang Lei heard the words and said solemnly, "The real person saved Tongshan from the dire straits, and kept tens of millions of people behind the Northeast Road safe. He has contributed to the country and the country, and he is definitely worthy of the word "real person!"

And we respectfully call a real person, but it is a sincere statement, and there is absolutely no meaning of joking, so I invite the real person to learn from it. "

Yuan Yutang's face twitched.

In terms of eloquence, ten of them are not as good as one Kang Lei who has read poetry and books.

A group of officials also spoke one after another, the words were flattering, but the rhetoric was gorgeous, which made people happy.

The so-called do not hit people with smiling faces, and officials make friends with smiling faces, no matter whether Yuan Yutang likes it or not, they will never treat each other coldly, and can only use their spirits to deal with them politely.

Not long after, Yuan Yutang felt extremely tired.

Seeing this, Mian Hulu at the side hurried forward to persuade, "My lords, the young master is still ill, so it's not appropriate to be overworked, please forgive me."

Only then did the Tangzhou officials stop flattering and flattering.

Men Hulu helped Yuan Yutang get into the carriage, and when he arrived, Yuan Yutang turned his head and glanced at Kang Lei pointingly, but seeing him nodding his head slightly, he understood it and silently clasped his fists in return.

Back in the carriage, seeing the little badger sleeping soundly, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but whispered and cursed, "You little sleeper, for you, my lord, I was forced to chat with a group of old officials!"


Now that the disaster of Lei Badger has been resolved and the state capital is busy, Kang Lei left two hundred auxiliary soldiers to deal with Lei Badger's body, and then rushed back to Tanzhou City with the others to deal with the aftermath.

Yuan Yutang's current state of health is not suitable for rushing, and the group can only set off slowly.

It took more than 30 miles to walk until night fell.

The roads in ancient times were bumpy, and it was inconvenient to drive at night. Fortunately, there was a village nearby, so that people would not sleep in the wild.

Men Hulu took a few guards to the village to discuss, planning to spend the night here before leaving tomorrow morning.

The little badger got enough sleep during the day, woke up full of energy, and ran around in the car, full of curiosity about everything, biting the cushions from time to time, or scratching everywhere with his little paws, so cute.

Looking at the lively appearance of the little badger, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but feel comfortable in his gloomy mood, and couldn't help stretching out his hand to tease the little guy.

Just as he was having fun with Little Badger, Man Hulu suddenly took a restrained old man into the carriage.

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, and asked suspiciously, "Brother Hu, what happened?"

The dull gourd scratched his head, motioning for the old man to step forward and explain.

The old man was dressed in sackcloth, with white beard and hair, and bowed cautiously, "The villain, Guo Liang, the village official of Anmin Village, Tanzhou, has met the real head of the sect."

Yuan Yutang hurriedly got up and stepped aside, helped the old man up in fear and said, "Don't be a brat, old man, I can't afford such a big gift from you~ If you have anything to say, please sit down and talk about it in detail."

Saying that, he still didn't forget to stare at Menhulu.

The boring gourd is not good at words, so he can only respond with a wry smile.

After taking his seat, the old man couldn't wait to grab Yuan Yutang's hand, with tears in his old eyes, he choked up and said, "Please be merciful, save the one hundred and fifty-six innocent people in our village~"

Yuan Yutang's expression changed, and he put his hand on the back of the old man's hand solemnly and said, "Don't worry, old man, just speak slowly. If I can do what I can, I will definitely not refuse!"

The old man got the promise, calmed down, and slowly narrated a series of strange things that happened in the village recently:

Nowadays, the world is in decline, and the Northeast Province has frequent wars. The most direct result of the long-term war confrontation is to destroy the foundation of local people's livelihood.

In order to support this protracted national war, the governor's yamen almost scraped three feet of the ground in order to maintain the current situation of comprehensive defense.

The whole Taoist people have lived in unspeakable misery for more than ten years. It is normal for them to eat three meals after being full and hungry. Many teenagers have not known what meat is like since they were born.

About half a month ago, thunderstorms fell from the sky and unintentionally split open an ancient tomb of the former dynasty in the back hill of Anmin Village.

At that time, many villagers went to watch.

I saw a small hill was split open by fierce lightning, exposing a deep buried tomb.

Among the onlookers was a mason named Guo Sheng.

In his early years, Guo Sheng followed his master to help a high-ranking family build a large tomb. Looking at the style of the ancient tomb, he knew that the person buried must be either rich or noble.

On weekdays, he builds houses and builds roads for a living, but now people's livelihood is depressed, and he has not received work for a long time. His mother is seriously ill and bedridden, and he has no money to buy medicines, which is even worse.

Looking at the ancient tomb in desperation, he suddenly had a bold idea in his mind.

Without saying a word, Guo Sheng turned around and went home to fetch tools, and began to dig the tomb wall clangingly.

The villagers were shocked when they saw this, and they all advised, "Guo Sheng, don't be confused, tampering with the tomb of the dead, fear of retribution!"

Guo Sheng refused to listen, and said through gritted teeth, "It's his mother's retribution, my mother is dying of illness, how can I care so much?"

Everyone was speechless.

Soon, Guo Sheng dug a big hole in the ancient tomb. Guo Sheng caught a sparrow, tied it with a rope, and threw it into the hole. There is no deadly miasma, just break into it with a torch.

The onlookers looked at each other for a long time, and saw Guo Sheng laughing wildly, holding two strings of priceless agate necklaces and running out, and said as he ran, "There are still a lot of precious jewels inside, if you don't have the guts to take them, go home quickly. Hurry up and go to the grave, after this village, there will be no more shops~”

The villagers looked at Guo Sheng's back and their hearts were shaking, and their eyes couldn't help but gradually became hot.

The villagers present counted one by one, and they were afraid of being poor for a long time. Seeing Guo Sheng's sudden wealth at this time, they suddenly became greedy, and they couldn't hold back.

Soon the first person went down to the tomb, and then everyone scrambled to jump down the hole, for fear that if they were too slow, the treasure would be taken away by others.

It has to be said that the owner of the ancient tomb was either rich or noble during his lifetime. There were twelve coffins in the tomb, and there were countless treasures buried with him, even if everyone who went to the tomb had more than one.

You can't do things absolutely, even tomb robbers who live by eating the dead will never take all the treasures in the tomb even if they know the truth of staying in the front line.

But how can the red-eyed villagers just take a little and leave?

The villagers who were blinded by the treasures scraped the tomb three feet away, not only ransacked all the treasures, but also ravaged the bones in the coffin until they found nothing to find, and then left with a sense of satisfaction.

The treasures in the ancient tombs were sold by the villagers in the city of Zhou, and they made a fortune. One by one happily bought items to improve their family conditions.

There is a cause and effect for every drink and peck.

Since the villagers became obsessed with money, the scourge quietly laid the groundwork.

Unexpectedly, something happened that night.

It was Guo Sheng's mother and son who had the accident. They were found hanged on the crooked locust tree at the head of the village early the next morning, with their eyes staring and their tongues sticking out.

The weirdest thing is that the item used to hang them turned out to be an agate necklace that had been sold by Guo Sheng.


		