

In ancient feudal society, the government did not go to the countryside, so in addition to the government having the right to enforce laws and regulations, the village was based on the clan. In order to manage the internal affairs of the village and ensure authority, the elders of the village clan would directly lynch the offenders as a warning Emulate.

This kind of lynching is regarded as a private matter of the clan by the government, so even if a person is killed, most of them will not interfere, so lynching has faintly become a product of legalization, leading to the proliferation of lynching.

Most of those who were lynched were women with low social status, among which widows accounted for a huge proportion.

What's more, the bosses of the village clan who have the power to execute sentences are very fatuous and old. Many times, the cases are not investigated, and the sentences are executed on the basis of catching wind and shadows. This has also led to many unjust, false and wrongly decided cases.

Of course, Menhulu knew the meaning behind the public trial in the ancestral hall.

In order to calm people's hearts, the elders of the village tribe urgently need a substitute for the dead ghost.

The widow, who was originally weak, was easy to be used as a scapegoat. On the day of the incident, Cao Ying, who was so lucky to die, had a quarrel with the deceased, which confirmed her suspicion.

The elders of the village official clan are just a group of immortal pickles. If they know how to judge a case, they will definitely convict Cao Ying directly, and then use their lives for their lives.

Poor Gourd's big eyes were bloodshot, his nose flared, and his chest heaved violently, obviously extremely angry.

If he dared to bully his woman, even if he tried his best to die, he would kill those old killers who careless about human lives!

Just when Men Hulu broke into the ancestral hall with the mentality of mortal, he was stunned.

I saw the scene of the public trial, which was supposed to be a turbulent crowd, but now there was no sound, all the villagers were pale, and their bodies were shaking uncontrollably, without exception, they looked like they were lost in fear.

How can Boiled Gourd care about these people's life and death, he only has Cao Ying in his eyes!

As long as Cao Ying is safe, he is satisfied.

Looking around anxiously, he soon found the figure of Cao Ying holding his son, and finally he could let go of the rock hanging in his heart.

He rushed to Cao Ying's side in three steps and two steps. Regardless of the public, he took Cao Ying's plain hand with one arm, and asked affectionately, "Ying Niang, are you okay? Has anyone been rough on you? If there is, tell me boldly, I will kill him!"

Cao Ying was also as distraught as other villagers, her palms were as cold as ice, maybe it was the murderous words of the gourd that gave her courage, her eyes finally had color, but her lips trembled, and she couldn't speak fluently, as if she was overly frightened.

Mian Hulu also said that Cao Ying had suffered a great loss, and immediately became furious. He lifted the wooden stick and rushed to kill the village elders who had obvious targets in the crowd.

Only then did Cao Ying come to his senses, tightly clutching the corner of the gourd's clothes, and begged in a sobbing voice, "No no, no one is rough on the servants, rich and noble, calm down~"

Mian Hulu didn't believe it, and roared like an angry bull, "Then why are you so scared? It must be those old killers who caused you, let go, let me kill them all!"

This murmur also broke the eerie atmosphere in the ancestral hall, and several familiar men hurried up to hug and comfort.

Just kidding, Menhulu is an elite soldier who climbed out of the dead, one spit and one nail, it's not just a joke, besides, killing a few old and frail clan elders, wouldn't it be as easy as killing a chicken?

After a lot of fuss, it was not easy for the boring gourd to calm down.

Cao Yingsheng was afraid that the gourd would go crazy again, so he hurriedly told the story in detail.

Most of the villagers in the countryside believed that the wind was the rain. She was not arrested by the clan elders for a public trial and executed, but to protect her mother and child.

It turned out that last night, Cao Ying inadvertently witnessed the whole process of the massacre of the three families of Wang Han when he went out to relieve himself.

According to Cao Ying's description, the murderer who killed the seven members of Wang Hansan's family was not human at all.

But a terrifying ghost!

At that time Cao Ying was in a drowsy sleep, and just after getting out of the hut, she heard a crisp sound of chewing and tearing from the next door.

Under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for Cao Ying to spy on the privacy of her neighbors, not to mention the wives of Wang Han's family and her have always had a grudge.

But it is easiest to do stupid things when you are half asleep and half awake. Cao Ying ran to the window of Wang's house to spy.

A dim vegetable oil lamp was lit in the house, the flame was dim, and the room was dimly illuminated. There seemed to be a vague figure in the living room, and it seemed that two people were standing together. Cao Ying had night blindness and could not see very clearly. Move your gaze down.

With just one glance, she fell into an ice cave, her back was wet with cold sweat, and she instantly woke up.

On the ground and on the wall, there was a bright red bloodstain everywhere.

Several people were lying on the floor, motionless, their bodies were stained red with blood, and their limbs were incomplete, obviously dead for a long time.

The corpse closest to the window was the famous shrew Wang's mother-in-law in the village. More than half of her neck had been gnawed off, leaving only a bit of flesh and bloody head.

His facial features were extremely distorted due to fear, and he stared at the front with unconcerned eyes, just in time to meet Cao Ying's gaze.

From time to time, the crouching fuzzy figure made a sound like chewing beans, which sounded particularly creepy in the quiet night.

In this situation, Cao Ying only felt a chill rushing from the bottom of her feet to Tianling Gai, tightly covered her mouth with the back of her hand, and moved back stiffly, trying to leave the room quietly without disturbing the room.

Unexpectedly, under extreme fear, Cao Ying accidentally knocked down a clothes pole sticking to the wall.

The sound of the clothes pole falling to the ground was like a thunderbolt from the blue sky, exploding in the quiet surroundings, and the terrifying figure in the room was startled and turned around.

The moment the figure turned back, Cao Ying was almost scared out of her wits.

It turned out to be a terrifying ghost of two men and women completely glued together, with teeth like a file and hollow eyes, and two hideous and terrifying heads smiling at Cao Ying. Among them, the female ghost head had a big red star between her eyebrows. Guanyin nevus is particularly conspicuous.

Cao Ying couldn't bear it anymore, screamed desperately, and fainted on the spot.

When she woke up again, she found that most of the people in the village had heard the news and rushed in. From time to time, some unexplained villagers entered the house to check, and then quickly ran out of the supporting wall to vomit. Sour smell.

Soon the gray-haired village chief and clan elders were helped to the scene, and they immediately called Cao Ying to interrogate them severely. When they heard Cao Ying say that the murderer was a terrifying ghost made of a man and a woman, and that the woman's head had a red spot between her eyebrows. When the Avalokitesvara had a mole, it was like being struck by lightning.

Regardless of investigating clues, the elders of the village's official clan jointly ordered everyone in the village to be called to the ancestral hall overnight.


"Monsoon?"

Hearing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but exclaimed.

Men Hulu was stunned for a moment, and then asked ecstatically, "My lord, do you know that ghost?"

Yuan Yutang is like a god-man in his heart, as long as he knows the origin of the ghost, he will be able to solve it easily.

Yuan Yutang nodded, and said in a deep tone, "There is a description in the secret book of my sect, and there was a story recorded in the ancient history book "Da Huang Jing":

Legend has it that in the ancient times of the Great Wilderness, there was a pair of brothers and sisters born in the Mengshi tribe who fell in love and became husband and wife regardless of human relations.

Emperor Zhuanxu was furious when he learned of this, and exiled them to the wilderness in Kongtong Mountain.

Food was scarce in the wilderness, and it didn't take long for the two of them to starve to death, and they hugged each other tightly until they died.

Some god birds were moved by their unswerving steadfast feelings until death, and couldn't bear to expose their corpses to the wilderness, so they covered their corpses with immortal grass.

Seven years later, the two corpses merged into one, turning into a brand new ghost and coming back to life.

There is a saying in the "Da Huang Jing": born with the same body as a man and a woman, with two heads and four hands and feet, it is the Mengshuang family!

The Mengshuang family was tolerated by the world during their lifetime, but their love was fruitless, and they were full of resentment. After being resurrected, they immediately returned to the tribe to take revenge on those who had wronged them, setting off a terrible bloody storm.

Later, it was Emperor Zhuanxu himself who shot it down. "

"Before this ghost was born, there must have been strange omens, and the sudden death of animals in the village for no reason is the best proof.

The Mengshuang family is vicious and cruel, full of resentment, every living thing he sees is his target of killing, he will never die, he is a big murderer! "

After listening to Yuan Yutang's words, the dull gourd who was still full of hope just now panicked and said in a trembling voice, "Well, what should I do? According to what you said, Yingniang had a face-to-face with that ghost, didn't she? How bad is bad? Young master, I am willing to be your cow and horse in the next life, please show mercy and save Yingniang~"

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but smiled wryly, shook his head and sighed, "Brother Hu, you and I are life and death friends, my family doesn't say anything, let me tell you the truth.

This ghost incident was not simply a ghost killing accident, but also involved karma. "

"Karma? What karma?" Men Hulu asked anxiously.

Yuan Yutang looked solemn, and said in a deep voice, "Although the origin of the Mengshuang clan is a brother-sister lover who cannot be tolerated by heaven, it is just a legend. The Mengshuang clan that appears in later generations is generally formed after a loving couple suffered a great injustice and died.

Strictly speaking, Meng Shuang's family can be classified as debt collectors.

Among the ghosts in the world, debt collectors are the most difficult to deal with.

The difficulty here is not that our generation of warlocks cannot deal with debt collectors, but that the cycle of retribution is natural. Forcibly intervening to prevent debt collectors from claiming compensation is equivalent to going against the sky. No matter whether you succeed or not, you will be backlashed by karma afterwards. Serious illness shortens one's lifespan, and one never lives beyond one's life!

I'm sure that in the village where my sister-in-law lives, an innocent couple must have died unjustly, that's why evil spirits like Meng Shuang's come back to collect debts. "

After hearing this, Mian Hulu's eyes straightened, and he tremblingly said, "That's right, even if Wang Family Village did something bad to Ms. Mengshuang, it's none of Yingniang's business~

I can guarantee with my life that Yingniang has never done anything harmful to nature!

It doesn't make sense to ask innocent people to pay for the sins committed by others? "

Yuan Yutang shook his head and said, "Under an avalanche, not a single snowflake is innocent.

Maybe my sister-in-law didn't commit any crimes herself, but don't forget that her late husband's family was an authentic native of the village, and her husband's family must have something to do with this matter.

It is a matter of course that husband and wife pay back their debts, and no one can find fault with it. "

"Then, is that Yingniang completely hopeless?" Men Hulu asked desperately.

Yuan Yutang laughed suddenly, "What nonsense are you talking about? How can I watch my sister-in-law die in vain because of the sins of her predecessors?

Let me tell you this, I don't want you to think that things are very simple, Mengshuangshi is not easy to deal with, and in my current situation, I need more preparations. "

Poor Gourd was startled, tears welled up in his eyes, and he refused painfully, "No, the young master also said just now that if you were allowed to intervene in the affairs of the Meng Shuang family, you would definitely be backlashed by luck. The young master is righteous and cannot bear innocent victims. But how can I put my son in danger for my own selfish desires?

Life and death are fate, maybe this is Yingniang's doom, no matter what, I will never leave her. "

As he said that, Men Hulu suddenly knelt down, kowtowed his head a few times, and said in a sobbing voice, "Young Master's great kindness, I can't repay you, I only hope to be a cow and a horse in the next life, and then repay your kindness!

In this life, farewell! "

As soon as the words fell, Men Hulu ran away like a gust of wind.


		