

The magic painting scholar's long-prepared killer move, Shanshuirenjian, quickly spread towards the suspended water droplets, intending to turn the world upside down, strip Linglong of control, and take the great opportunity into his pocket.

'Linglong' will never allow the magic painting and calligraphy to be eaten by tigers, and desperately try to summon the eight-faced Buddha clone to suppress everything.

Both sides seem to be in a race against time. This battle for the secret realm of Tianmen Attic has come to an end, and it depends on who can have the last laugh.

Yuan Yutang, who had been recuperating for a long time, realized that he could not wait any longer.

In any case, we must buy time for the magic painting scholar!

Yuan Yutang is a man of action, he made up his mind and immediately executed it vigorously.

"Astronomical giant dragon!"

"The wind and rain are urgent!"

"Rainstorm Pear Blossom Sword!"

"Li Vulcan Gang!"

"Golden Light Divine Armor Talisman!"


In an instant, Yuan Yutang threw out dozens of supernatural powers, spells and talismans without paying any money, regardless of mana consumption, and threw them like a storm at the 'Linglong' who was contending with the Nine Heavens Reincarnation Disk.

The neglected earth demon also seized the opportunity to launch an attack. Countless gravels on the ground were under his control, shooting towards 'Linglong' like locusts covering the sun.

His intuition is sharper than that of wild beasts, and he clearly knows that once the clone of the Eight-faced Buddha is successfully summoned by "Linglong", everyone present will surely die.

So in order to survive, no matter what, 'Linglong' can't be allowed to continue doing things!

Facing the attack of the earth demon and Yuan Yutang with all their strength, she never expected that 'Linglong' would turn a blind eye and let the two terrifying forces attack the world.

The magic painting scholar half-kneeled on the ground, the hand that cut his wrist was firmly pressed on the blood-colored scroll, with a ferocious face, pouring mana into it desperately.

Soon the bright fluctuations spread to cover the suspended water droplets.

However, the outside of the floating water drop seems to have a protective cover as thin as a cicada's wings. The gorgeous fluctuations instantly deprive the real color, and the weird ability to reverse reality encounters great obstacles, and it is difficult to overcome the invisible and intangible protective cover outside the water drop. cover.

Yuan Yutang sighed in disappointment. He thought that one blow would work, but it really wasn't that easy to seize the great opportunity.

Putting aside his distracting thoughts, he hurriedly looked into the air, eager to see how the flanked 'Linglong' was damaged.

However, when the gravel fell and the dust dispersed, Yuan Yutang's eyes suddenly widened, his face full of shock.

"This, how is this possible?" Yuan Yutang said to himself in disbelief.

It was unbelievable that 'Linglong' in the air took all the blows from him and the earth demon, and was unscathed.

Soon Yuan Yutang found Ni Duan and looked intently.

I saw strands of gray aura hanging from the huge gap, and those auras wrapped around Linglong's body like life, as if blessed by the eight-faced Buddha clone behind the crack, like an indestructible copper wall and iron wall.

Yuan Yutang's expression sank in vain.

Doesn't this posture mean that 'Linglong' would be naturally invincible if he didn't cut off the aura of defeat that connected the two?

Stone Demon didn't have so many worries as Yuan Yutang, he lost all reason and only had the instinct to fight to the end.

If one blow fails, another blow will be made. As long as he has a breath, he will not let go of anything that threatens his safety.

"Howling~"

The stone demon howled angrily, its aura was raised again and again, and the raging devilish energy rose into the sky like a substance.

The next moment, his rock-embedded outer skin suddenly burst into a rapid cracking sound, and a large number of highly developed peristaltic muscles squeezed through the rocky outer shell, wild

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

pretty growth.

In the blink of an eye, he soared from the original height of more than three feet to more than five feet, and his whole body was surrounded by swollen purple-black muscles, like a terrifying evil spirit crawling out of hell.

Yuan Yutang gasped in shock.

The stone demon unexpectedly broke through and directly stepped into the threshold of the human fairyland.

call out!

A terrifying sonic boom sounded suddenly, and the huge body of the stone demon disappeared instantly. The next moment, it appeared in front of 'Linglong' like a ghost, attacking frantically.

tearing, biting, hammering, kicking, bumping, pumping...

It seemed that the stone demon turned into a killing weapon in an instant, attacking with all its might.

Every blow has the power of thunder, and the attack frequency is as fast as rain hitting plantains. With Yuan Yutang's eyesight, he can barely see afterimages.

In an instant, 'Linglong' was hit by tens of thousands of blows.

Even if the gray aura falling from the nine heavens originated from the legendary eight-faced Buddha, it was still shaken and almost collapsed by the stone demon whose strength increased greatly.

'Linglong' had an extremely ugly face, she didn't expect that the Stone Demon could break through under tremendous pressure.

Even though she was extremely confident about the gray aura, she was still a little bit uncertain about the all-out attack of the Immortal Realm.

However, this is the most critical time. If she doesn't want to give up all her previous efforts, she must fight against the nine-day reincarnation disk with all her strength.

Up to now, one can only hope that the gray breath can last until the Eight-faced Buddha clone successfully descends.

The current stone demon is completely insane, Yuan Yutang dare not intervene rashly, if he is misunderstood by the stone demon, he will cry without tears.

Seeing it in his eyes and anxious in his heart, Yuan Yutang, who was helpless, had no choice but to urge the magic painting scholar.

"Isn't it alright? That thing in the sky is about to come out soon, what the hell!"

The magic painting scholar was casting spells with all his strength, and he didn't have the energy to respond at all, so he could only urge his mana to speed up his progress.

The defense of the suspended water droplets is too strong, like a heavily guarded giant city, the gorgeous waves can only corrode little by little, and it is difficult to make meritorious deeds in a short time.

He didn't dare to intervene in the duel between the stone demon and Linglong, and it was even more impossible to intervene in the contest between the eight-faced Buddha clone above the sky and the nine-day reincarnation disk. Yuan Yutang was so anxious that he was going crazy.

Suddenly, there was an indescribable rhythm in the sky and the earth, as if it broke the balance of everything.

Ping!

There was a loud sound like a broken mirror from high above the sky.

Puff!

There was a muffled sound of flesh being torn apart in mid-air.

when!

Not far away, there was a sound like a drum in the evening and a bell in the morning.

Three very different voices sounded almost in no particular order, and the amount of information was too large, causing Yuan Yutang to be overwhelmed for an instant.

"All right!"

At this time, the ecstatic roar of the magic painting scholar woke him up, and he hurriedly looked, only to see that the beautiful wave has completely invaded the inside of the water droplet, and began to use the supernatural powers that reversed the universe, stripping the initiative that had been refined by 'Linglong' in reality .

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed and was just about to speak.

Suddenly, a cold light pierced through the air, piercing through the chest of the magic painting scholar in an instant.

"..." The expression on Yuan Yutang's face froze immediately, his mouth opened wide but he couldn't speak.

The magic painting scholar swayed, looked down at his chest, and suddenly found a huge blood hole that almost broke his body in two.

"Woo~"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

A large cluster of black blood spurted from the seven holes of the magic painting scholar, the light in his eyes dimmed instantly, and he fell softly to the ground.

Seeing that the work was about to be completed, such a sudden change occurred, and the huge sense of loss aroused Yuan Yutang's endless anger, and he raised his head and glared at the sky.

I saw the huge crack above the sky silently tore through the sky-replenishing net of the nine-day reincarnation disk, and endless gray mist breath diffused from the crack. gray haze.

Except for the giant eyes at the beginning, one can vaguely see half of the sinister face of the Buddha peering down from the chaos through the huge gap.

The nine-day reincarnation disk, which was on the brink of success, seemed to have exhausted all its power, its divine light faded, and it fell straight from the sky.

Unexpectedly, this tug-of-war ended with the Nine Heavens Reincarnation Disk losing to the Eight-faced Buddha.

"Hahaha, Master Buddha~ I have waited for more than three hundred years, and finally I can listen to your Buddha's words again~"

The enraged Yuan Yutang was again attracted by the hysterical laughter in the air.

Killing "Linglong", who was comparable to the terracotta warriors of junior human gods and generals by himself, was extremely miserable at this time. It looked like a bloody doll that had been destroyed by violence, and was held in the hands of the stone demon. It was obviously no match for the stone demon. lose.

Although 'Linglong' is miserable now, her expression is extremely fanatical. Looking at the eight-faced Buddha clone that is expanding the void cracks irreversibly and is about to descend into the secret realm, she is like a devout believer finally seeing the god she believes in. At this moment, she The boundary between life and death has been completely forgotten.

Panting like a cow, the seemingly exhausted stone demon stared at the huge and incomparable eight-faced Buddha clone in the crack with blood eyes, and the terrifying pressure made him tighten his palms involuntarily.

Hearing a burst of explosions from Gele, 'Linglong' was actually crushed to pieces.

With great unwillingness and resentment, 'Linglong' swallowed her last breath, dying with regret.

After such a long time of bonding, the giant-mouthed old man of Duoshe has already merged with Linglong's physical body. Once the physical body dies, the remnant soul will never have a chance to come out of the body again, and it will be scattered without saying a word.

The stone demon belatedly discarded Linglong's body, fell to the ground like a wild beast, arched its body, landed on all fours, and let out low growls uneasily.

The situation seemed to deteriorate to the worst in an instant, Yuan Yutang forced himself to calm down, and rushed to the magic painting scholar.

He was about to ask how the situation was, but the tragic situation of the magic painting scholar made him really unable to bear to look sideways.

Even though he was dying, the magic painting scholar seemed very calm, as if he felt that Yuan Yutang had arrived, he stretched out his hand tremblingly, and said in a soft voice, "Yes, are you here?"

Yuan Yutang hurriedly held his bloody hand, and said in a deep voice, "Well, I'm here, hold on, don't die."

The magic painting scholar coughed up blood and smiled lightly, "Hehe, your joke is very funny..."

"It looks like it's about to be done, what a pity..." The magic painting scholar gasped, "But luckily you're here..."

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, inexplicably feeling something was wrong.

But before he could speak, the magic painting scholar seemed to have exhausted all his strength, and poured a beautiful wave from the blood-colored paint into Yuan Yutang's palm:

"The last chance, I will leave it to you..."

"If, if possible, please help me save my daughter..."

"Don't think about handing over the chance to the second son, because...you will die..."

Before the words fell, the water droplets that were completely invaded by the gorgeous waves in the distance instantly passed through the space limit, turning into a stream of light and sinking into Yuan Yutang's body.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		