

The seventeenth year of Taikang in the Great Xia Dynasty.

August 15th, the Mid-Autumn Festival.

Whether it is the modern Earth or the ancient times of Liaozhai, the Mid-Autumn Festival is a major festival for family reunion.

On this day, both high-ranking officials and ordinary people will call friends and gather together to hold a series of activities such as admiring the moon, lighting lanterns, guessing riddles, and watching the tide.

Early this morning, the people around Liangzhou City went to the orchards in the dark before dawn, and picked fresh melons and fruits to sell in the city, hoping to earn some extra money to help their families.

Even the poor who are almost out of breath due to the poverty of life, unconsciously show a long-lost smile on their faces.

However, on this important festival, there is a lonely figure running against the crowded Liangzhou City.

Yuan Yutang leaned weakly on Chitu's generous back, his face full of lingering fear.

Yesterday's battle with the 'Water Spray Woman' was not fierce, but it was extremely dangerous.

The degree of danger is definitely comparable to those two times when I faced the ghost king of the underworld.

'Shuishuipo' is not difficult to deal with. At best, it is just a wandering soul who is not at the level of a resentful soul. It is okay to harm ordinary people, but it is not enough for Yuan Yutang.

but!

Although the 'Shuishuipo' stretched her hips, the sleeping ghost in her body was extremely ferocious.

When Yuan Yutang tore up the 'Water Sprayer' with his bare hands and awakened the strange ghost, the nightmare began.

Although he had already been mentally prepared, the strangeness of the strange ghost was far beyond imagination.

No matter it is the talisman, Muay Thai, Lihuo, the "Dragon Slaying" sharp gun, or even the most proud Tiangang magical power "calling the wind and calling the rain" is ineffective against the ghosts.

The other ghosts are like opening up, no matter if it is physical attack or magic power, they will ignore it.

Yuan Yutang never thought that he would encounter such a strange situation, so he panicked at that time.

The White Walker took this opportunity to rush in front of him, and almost killed him with just three punches.

The first punch broke his body's protective energy.

The second punch almost knocked him out of his mind.

When the fatal third punch was about to fall, a miraculous scene happened.

It was also Yuan Yutang's life that should have died. The silver cross that was found from the dead bodies of the Huazi group suddenly burst into white light in the ashes-eating bag as if it had been stimulated by something.

The white light is dazzling but not irritating, giving people the feeling of the most holy and pure, one can't give birth to a blasphemous heart at a glance, and subconsciously want to submit to allegiance.

As soon as the White Walker encountered the mysterious white light, like a cat that stepped on its tail, it wanted to turn around and run away.

Unfortunately it was too late.

The mysterious white light was like a huge net covering everything, and it was sealed into Yuan Yutang's body in an instant.

Until the dust settled, Yuan Yutang still couldn't recover.

Thinking back on the thrilling scene yesterday, Yuan Yutang still felt terrified.

Subconsciously reaching out to touch the silver cross in his inner pocket together with the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art", Yuan Yutang had an inexplicable illusion of unreality.

Yesterday when the Holy Light was shining, he seemed to see a giant in the sky with compassionate and soft eyes, a painful and distorted expression, wearing a crown of thorns and covered in blood-stained cloth, nailed to a cross as big as a mountain.

This dreamlike scene, until now, he still couldn't figure out whether it was reality or a hallucination.

The 'Shuishuipo' has been removed, and Miss Guo, the sweetheart of Zuo Jin Dao, naturally healed without medicine.

Facing the grateful Zuo Jindao, Yuan Yutang hurried on without saying anything.

After traveling day and night, I finally arrived at the Valley of Broken Soul at noon today.


At noon, Yuan Yutang stood on a hillside with his horse in his arms and hugged 'Brother Pingtou'. He set up an awning and looked at the two steep and steep peaks in front of him.

There is a narrow mountain road between the two giant peaks that can be passed by two carriages, which is called a line of sky locally.

After a thin line of sky, it is the Valley of Broken Soul.

More than 300 years ago, the most critical battle of Great Xia Taizu Long Xing northeast, sent troops south, took place in Broken Soul Valley.

According to historical records, King Chu, who was known as the last Optimus Prime of the Taizun Dynasty at that time, came to Sanshan Road today.

In that battle.

One side is the strongest fan king who wants to save the building from falling, and the other side is the newborn hero who is ambitious to change the world. Each of them gathered more than half a million people, and a world-shattering battle broke out in the Valley of Broken Souls.

The two sides fought for more than a day and a night, with corpses strewn all over the field and blood flowing.

In the end, Xia Taizu used a desperate fire to burn off the last luck of the Taizun Dynasty. From then on, the Great Xia's soldiers were all in the same direction, without any powerful obstacles, and they finally sat firmly in the world.

Coincidentally, the time of that battle happened to be August 15th.

Maybe it was because that battle was so fierce that since the founding of Da Xia, Broken Soul Valley has become a restricted area where strangers are not allowed to enter.

According to the legend passed down from generation to generation by the local residents, every August 15th, those souls who died in battle will return to the world, and repeat the tragic and fierce battle in their lifetime.

In an instant, ghosts cried and gods howled, and the sun and the moon were dark.


Yuan Yutang breathed a sigh of relief, put down his hands and narrowed his eyes.

Don't say it's just an unproven absurd legend, even if Broken Soul Valley is really a dragon's pond and a tiger's den, he must make a breakthrough.

Because, there may be his way home...


It was still too early for the night of the full moon, so Yuan Yutang decided to take a good night's sleep in order to recharge his batteries.

Finding a clean place with a leeward wind, Yuan Yutang told 'Brother Pingtou' to remember to wake himself up after nightfall, and fell asleep soundly.

In his sleep, he seemed to recall the residual memory that resonated inadvertently before Brahmacha's death:

In the gloomy and dark secret room, a thin little boy wearing a bright yellow python robe, with tears on his face, was bound and fixed on an iron bed with his limbs stretched out.

Above the head is a searchlight inlaid with eight priceless night pearls.

The little boy cried so hard that his voice became hoarse, and he struggled so hard that his hands and feet were all bloody from the strong leather belt.

So pitiful and helpless, still can't arouse the compassion of the stalwart man in front of the iron bed.

I don't know why, although the giant night pearl provided full of light, and the surrounding area of ​​the iron bed was illuminated to reveal every detail, but it just couldn't see the face of the stalwart man clearly.

As if he had brought the fog of war with him, only a pair of indifferent eyes, like the brightest stars in the night sky, made people shudder at first sight.

"National teacher, please, Bi'er will be obedient and obedient in the future, please let Bi'er go~" The little boy was trembling with fear, begging in vain for the last time.

The fuzzy man shook his head slightly, and said slowly in a magnetic and charming voice, "Your Highness, please forgive the old minister for committing the following crimes, the world is about to suffer catastrophe, and you still have important missions to complete, so you cannot die for the time being. dynasty."

"Now the only way to keep you alive is only one... is to transform you into an artificial hungry ghost..."

"That's why I have the courage, old minister, please bear with me for the sake of thousands of innocent people..."

As if sensing the impending doom, the little boy exclaimed from the bottom of his soul, "No, no!!"

The fuzzy man turned a deaf ear, and indifferently took a box from the iron bed, carefully took out a slightly trembling severed finger from it, and slapped the little boy violently.

With a scream, the little boy tilted his head and fell asleep.

As he was dying, he vaguely heard the murmur of the vague man:

"The veteran knows that his crime is unforgivable, but compared with the safety and danger of the righteous way in the world, what is personal honor and disgrace?"

"Your Highness, sleep well, and when you wake up in more than three hundred years, you will naturally fulfill your mission..."

Through the dialogue between the two, Yuan Yutang could easily draw a conclusion.

That stalwart man who seemed to be shrouded in shadow was obviously the last ascendant in the world in the legend, the last national teacher of the former dynasty, and a generation of strange Zhuge Tianji.

If the secrets revealed by this memory so far can only satisfy Yuan Yutang's desire to eat melons, but Zhuge Tianji's next few words and the last picture of the memory are enough to make Yuan Yutang break out in a cold sweat.

"The old man knows you can hear me, do you want to go home, do you want to return to Earth?"

"If you want to, go find the clues, the old man is waiting for you at the end."

And the last scene the little boy saw before he passed out was actually Zhuge Tianji picking up a special creation that Yuan Yutang was very familiar with.

What a fucking tablet!


"Clam~"

Yuan Yutang sat up from his sleep, sweating profusely, startling both Brother Pingtou and Chitu.

At this time, it was on the top of the moon, and the cicadas and insects in the mountains and forests were beeping, just like a strange symphony.

Yuan Yutang gasped in shock, his heart beating like a drum for a while, his eyes were straight, and he stared at the front in a daze.

On the way home, can I really go back?

The one who gave birth to me and raised me, has all my memories, my relatives and friends, and all the beautiful earth...

Really, can I still go to the hometown that I dream of?


At the same time, Broken Soul Mountain was more than 20 miles away from Broken Soul Valley.

The top of the mountain, which was inaccessible in the past, is now full of people, more than 400 people gathered here for no reason.

An old Taoist wearing a yin and yang Taoist robe, a hibiscus Taoist crown on his head, and two strange shovels on his back stood at the front, with a compass in his hand, while looking up at the sky, while secretly calculating.

After a while, the old Taoist Bei Chan's eyes suddenly brightened, and he turned around happily and murmured, "Hahahaha, I finally calculated the time when the secret realm will open, and it turned out to be correct, just after ten breaths!"

Standing at the front of the crowd, Situ Hongyi and Naimertai were overjoyed when they heard the words, looked at each other, and laughed wildly at the same time:

"Hahaha, it doesn't take much effort to get here, the three-headed true monarch of the devil really lives up to his reputation!"

"Hahaha, then let you and I join forces and create unworldly feats! When I sit on the dragon chair, I will send troops to help you kill the wolf clan and rule the world with you!"

While the two were talking and laughing, a vision suddenly appeared in the sky.

I saw the moon as round as a grinding disc bursting with brilliance suddenly, and the endless yin energy condensed into a bunch, directly accumulating and falling on the top of Suipao Mountain.

In the condensed moonlight, a half-empty bronze gate, Fan Ruo came from the nine heavens, is slowly unfolding, and an ancient and heavy atmosphere that seems to have experienced vicissitudes of life pervades the surrounding fields.

Such an unimaginable scene made the blood of more than 400 people present feel excited.

Situ Hongyi and Naimertai each led their subordinates and stepped into it without hesitation.

The same spectacle also happened in Broken Soul Valley twenty miles away. Yuan Yutang stood in front of the bronze gate, his eyes were extremely firm, and he resolutely stepped into the gate.


		