

The dry wood burned and carbonized and broke, making crackling noises. The three of them behaved differently before the campfire.

Half of the rough youth's body was hidden in the darkness, his expression on his face was uncertain, and he had an unspeakably eerie feeling.

Linglong's face was pale, and she couldn't help shivering with her arms in her arms, looking very cute and pitiful.

Yuan Yutang was expressionless, staring at the fire with deep eyes and remained silent.

A strange and dignified atmosphere spread among the three of them.

After a while, Yuan Yutang broke the silence and praised, "It's a very interesting story. It has both the absurdity of Zhiguai and the glory of friendship, betrayal and maternal love. It's a very diverse and good story, but I have a question."

Yuan Yutang looked at the rough young man hiding in the darkness, and asked, "The hound Hei'er has been persevering for many years, why did he suddenly become so beastly and devour his master when he was in danger? The inconsistency seems unreasonable?"

"Besides, as I said before, the water monster is bloodthirsty, so there is no reason to put the ready-made dog carcass instead of gnawing on it, and instead go after Lin Er? After the water monster killed Lin's mother, why did it let Lin Er go?"

After a pause, Yuan Yutang looked at the rough young man playfully, playing with taste:

"Are you sure Lin Er in the story really had a hunting dog?"

"Is that hound that spouts words really a hound?"

"The most important thing is, Lin Er is the only son, why is he called Lin Er?"

The reckless young man didn't answer, he stirred the fire in a trance, and the atmosphere suddenly became a little depressed.

Suddenly a big man shouted at the rough young man, "Lin Er, come and help!"

The rough young man got up silently, turned his head and grinned at Yuan Yutang, his teeth were so white that they were piercing.

"That's just a story, forget it if you've heard it, it's not true, hehe."

"...But although the story is absurd, it is not groundless. I remember that there is a big lake not far from the mouth of the gourd, also called Jagar..."

"Young master, you need to be careful when you sleep at night, and beware of water monsters coming to eat people, hehe..."

Yuan Yutang watched thoughtfully as the rough young man with the same name and surname as the protagonist of the story went away, his eyes gleaming with an incomprehensible light.


It was dark and everyone was exhausted. Except for the guards, everyone went back to their tents to rest.

Yuan Yutang was honored to be given the treatment of living alone in a tent. He just lay in the warm and comfortable bedding. He didn't feel sleepy at all, and his mind was full of thinking about the story Lin Er told.

Feeling uneasy for no reason.

In a daze, Yuan Yutang fell asleep.

After an unknown amount of time, he woke up suddenly, only to see a black shadow suddenly appeared in the tent.

Shocked, he couldn't help mobilizing his mana.

At this time, the black shadow said quietly:

"Don't be afraid, benefactor, the villain has no malicious intentions."

Yuan Yutang quickly regained his composure, sat up and asked vigilantly, "Who are you? Why did you sneak into my tent in the middle of the night?"

Heiying sobbed suddenly when he heard the words, fell to his knees with a thud, and said in a sobbing voice:

"Grandpa, the villain is exactly the frozen corpse on the roadside that you buried during the day~"

"The villain is originally a son of a noble family in Haozhou. His surname is Chen and his name is Tusong. Three months ago, he was ordered to use business as a cover to go out to spy on the military situation of the wolf tribe. On his way home, he helped a group of refugees with good intentions. Unexpectedly, these refugees turned out to be demons and heretics. They used black magic to mess with me. Mind, kindly slaughtered more than three hundred people in my caravan..."

"After that, all the caravan's property fell into the hands of evil cultivators. They occupied the magpie's nest and pretended to be the caravan. They seemed to have other plans... The villain was tortured by evil cultivators in every possible way, and he managed to escape last night after going through a lot of hardships. It was too heavy, and it was not long before benefactor found out..."

"The villain is grateful for the kindness of the son's bone-strengthening and super-salvation, and deliberately sleeps in a dream to warn..."

"Please benefactor, stay away from this rich wolf's den as soon as possible after waking up, and don't trust anyone, especially that charming witch!!"

"Ho!"

Yuan Yutang suddenly woke up and sat up, sweating profusely, his face extremely ugly.

Looking around in the dark, there is no shadow in the tent, the scene just now seems to be in a dream.

But he carefully found a fresh dent on the cold and moisture-proof carpet, as if someone had kowtowed his head, and he knew it immediately.

The dream just now happened for real, and there really was a warning from ghosts entering the dream.

If what the ghost said is true, then he is in an extremely dangerous situation now.

Now that he is still seriously injured, he really doesn't have much chance of winning against Xie Xiu.

In view of this, Yuan Yutang immediately thought of quitting.

After getting dressed in the dark, he slipped out of the tent quietly, and was about to sneak into the stable to find Chitu, so he broke out desperately.

Unexpectedly, just a few steps away, a figure suddenly appeared from the shadow on the side of the tent, and said faintly, "My lord, what do you want to do if you don't sleep in the middle of the night?"

Yuan Yutang's whole body froze, and he looked around bravely, only to see Linglong playing with the ends of her hair while looking at herself with a half-smile.

"There are three urgencies in people. I suddenly feel anxious in the middle of sleep, which makes the lady laugh." Yuan Yutang suppressed his panic and said calmly.

"Since that's the case, why not let the little girl take the young master?" Linglong replied with a smile.

Hearing this, Yuan Yutang knew that his intention had been revealed, and prepared to use his mana to take Linglong as a hostage.

Unexpectedly, as soon as he raised his breath, he suddenly felt dizzy and dizzy. After shaking a few times, he fell straight back.

Linglong Lian walked up to Yuan Yutang, stretched out green fingers to caress his face lovingly, and murmured softly, "What a handsome little white face, it's a pity that he will die soon, what a pity."

"Demon girl, how are you doing?" Although Yuan Yutang couldn't move, but he was still conscious, he immediately cursed angrily.

"Hehe, the little guy has a strong temper, but it's a pity that he is a fledgling young man who doesn't even know how to hide mana, and has no experience in traveling the rivers and lakes at all, so he dares to hang around in the land of tigers and wolves?" Linglong sneered coldly. Said, "Do you think you hide it well? You are still studying in a family, I am! You dare to call me a witch, you will feel better!"

Yuan Yutang was about to scold again, but Linglong slashed his neck with a high-five knife, rolled his eyes immediately, and fell asleep.


When he woke up again, Yuan Yutang found that he was bound and thrown on the carriage, his body was so fragile that he couldn't even move a finger, not to mention his strength.

"Yo, you're awake? Don't waste your energy. Last night, you added the unique and secret Jue Mai San to the food you ate. If you don't have a cultivation level higher than that of a real person, don't expect to be able to use mana within seven days."

While panicking, Yuan Yutang suddenly heard a familiar voice, looked up with difficulty, and saw Lin Erpi sitting beside him with a smile on his face.

"Don't be nervous, you are still useful, and your life is not in danger for the time being." Lin Er sneered with a smile on his face, "It's unlucky for you, it's not easy to get around as big as the whole outside the Great Wall, if you have to hit it yourself At gunpoint, hehe."

Yuan Yutang gradually calmed down, looked at Lin Er with deep eyes, and said suddenly, "The story you told before was actually your own experience, right?"

Lin Er was stunned for a moment, then laughed and said, "It's okay to gossip when you're about to die, since you want to know, then let me tell you."

"That's right, that story is my personal experience, but the facts and the story are slightly conflicting."

"You guessed it right, my name is Lin Er, and indeed there is an elder brother named Lin Da."

"And no hounds, never."

"So, guess what the truth of the story is?"

Yuan Yutang calmly looked at Lin Er who was smiling but not smiling.

Suddenly laughed for a moment.

Lin Er's face suddenly darkened, and he said coldly, "Is it funny?"

"Hahaha~" Yuan Yutang laughed until tears flowed down his face.

Lin Er stood up in the bumpy carriage, strode forward, and kicked Yuan Yutang hard on the chest.

Yuan Yutang's laughter stopped abruptly, and he slammed into the wall sideways with such force that he almost knocked over the carriage.

There is no doubt that Lin Er is also a warlock with mana.

"what happened?"

The window of the compartment was pulled open, and a big man asked in surprise.

"It's okay, the stubble is dishonest, I know how to teach him a lesson." Lin Er said with a frosty face.

The big man cursed a few words, then retracted his head and closed the window, and continued driving.

"Cough cough, cough cough..." Lin Er's kick was enough to break a tree as thick as a bowl's mouth. Yuan Yutang was injured by this blow, and immediately coughed up blood.

Lin Er squatted down, grabbed Yuan Yutang by the collar, and said with a smirk, "Do you know who I hate the most? It's a pretty boy like you! Because my elder brother is just like you!"

While coughing up blood, Yuan Yutang panted, "Ha, haha... so, so you have long been resentful towards your elder brother, right?

In order to escape from the mouth of the water monster, he killed his brother with his own hands?

You said that your mother died at the hands of the water monster to save you. I think you pushed your mother to the claws of the water monster with your own hands, right?

Committing such an evil deed, you dare to shamelessly show it around as a story, even a beast understands the value of family affection, you are worse than a beast..."

Lin Er's expression sank completely, and he immediately punched Yuan Yutang who was powerless to resist.

After fighting for almost half an hour, the carriage stopped, and Lin Er was willing to give up.

The carriage opened, and Chen Lang, who was still in his body, was stunned when he saw this, and said angrily, "Lin Er, look at what you have done, you beat someone to death, be careful, I will use you as bait!"

After venting, Lin Er only felt refreshed, and smiled heartlessly, "Don't panic, Er Master, I will act with discretion, and I guarantee that this brat will not die for a while."

After glaring at Lin Er angrily, Chen Lang said, "We've arrived, and we still don't get out of the car to work."

After hearing this, Lin Er picked up Yuan Yutang like a dead dog, turned over and jumped out of the car.

A ray of disappointment flashed in Yuan Yutang's eyes with a bruised nose and swollen face.

Just now, out of righteous indignation, he mocked Lin Er for being severely beaten, and unexpectedly discovered that the sealed mana was weak and instinctively reacted, so he stepped up his efforts to anger Lin Er, trying to force out the power of Jiemaisan medicine in his body as soon as possible.

It's a pity that he got to the ground not long after he was beaten, so that his intention failed, and he couldn't help being very angry.


The biting cold wind was blowing in front of him, and Yuan Yutang keenly felt the heavy humidity in the air.

Opening his eyes quietly, he found that he was brought to the bank of a wide frozen lake.

Chen Lang and his team worked together to carry things from the carriage, including the folding wooden ladder that Yuan Yutang accidentally caught a glimpse of last night.

Several burly men were assembling with their shirts off. After a while, a strange machine with a gear cantilever about three feet high was assembled.

Yuan Yutang was tied to the iron chain hook of the cantilever by Lin Er. After a big man in the distance operated it, he wobbled up from the ground and hung above the ice lake.

Lin Er put his hips on the shore of the lake and laughed, "Little ghost, if you like listening to stories so much, then I'll tell you another story.

According to ancient legends, there is a strange beast inhabiting some deep lakes in the world. It is about seven or eight feet long, shaped like a carp, and its whole body is red. It is called Henggong fish.

This beast hides day and night, turns into a fish in the water, and turns into a human when it goes ashore. It has a violent temperament and likes to attack passing creatures. None worked. "

"The Jagar Lake under you is exactly where I encountered the water monster Henggong Yu!"


		