

Yuan Yutang and Naimertai were silent, and they took the time to recover.

The sudden appearance of Situ Hongyi and the others made them instinctively feel a crisis.

They had suffered a lot of labor and seven injuries after a fierce battle just now, and their magic power was suppressed by the Youlan Divine Disk. They really faced the intact Situ Hongyi and the other three.

When Situ Hongyi saw the two enemies covered in wounds, even though his mood had changed, he still felt extremely happy.

There is nothing more beautiful than watching the enemy dog ​​eat dog and lose both sides.

The more the two ignored each other, the more he wanted to provoke.

Immediately looking at Naim Ertai, he said with a joking smile, "Oh, I said that brother Naimu is really lucky, and you escaped death with such a scheme, which is a pity for the last part of your team."

As he spoke, he snapped his fingers and said with a smile, "In order to save you, those once brave and unparalleled golden-armored Ba Yala were all wiped out. It's a pity~ You didn't see that those crocodile pythons gnawed wildly after losing control Eating the corpse, ouch, that scene was so thrilling, I couldn't bear to watch it anymore, hahaha~"

Naimertai twisted his eyes, the veins on his forehead and neck throbbed wildly, and the anger surged in his heart, which obviously hurt his heart.

But compared to the precious recovery time, Namurtai can still tell which is more important, so he can only bear being scolded by his ancestors for eighteen generations.

But after Situ Hongyi succeeded in angering Naimertai, he pointed the finger at Yuan Yutang, and said eccentrically, "Yuan Yutang, it's better to be famous than to meet. According to the rumors, aren't you a genius warlock who won the three armies bravely and has great powers? You once fought against the enemy alone. What about the bravery of the battalion? He once fought against the avatar of the big monster, and saved Tongshan’s unrivaled demeanor in the dire straits? Why is he more embarrassed than a stray dog ​​now? It seems that my second brother is really a blind waste. Anyone dares to call him a brother. The face of the Situ family!"

Yuan Yutang panted heavily expressionless, as if completely indifferent to Situ Hongyi's slanderous words.

In fact, he really didn't take it to heart.

In the previous life, he was beaten up by so many keyboard warriors with strong mouths on the Internet, and you want him to break through just this little trash talk?

I want to fart!

Talking trash for a while failed to make the two of them lose control of their rage, and Situ Hongyi also lost interest.

Cursing his lips, Situ Hongyi glanced at "I can't dig it out".

The shrewd sycophant immediately understood, and hurriedly took out three exquisite small porcelain bottles from his arms and offered them respectfully.

Situ Hongyi chose one of the bottles at random, and uncorked the bottle, a strange smell filled the air.

The smell was so pungent that everyone present couldn't help frowning.

Situ Hongyi suppressed his nausea, closed his eyes, lifted the small porcelain bottle, and poured the black and red liquid on his head.

Strange to say, as soon as those black and red liquids came into contact with the air, they instantly turned into translucent lumps and condensed in mid-air. One piece after another, they quickly condensed into a translucent upside-down shield pieced together like a honeycomb, covering Situ Hong's body. Yi is tightly shrouded in it.

Then 'Dig Butong' and Tuque Sanren did the same thing, each wearing a translucent shield.

Yuan Yutang and Naimertai watched the whole process with cold eyes. Although they didn't know the intention of Situ Hongyi and the others, their instincts told them that the crisis was coming.

Sure enough, at the next moment, a strange fluctuation emanated from the three transparent shields.

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened suddenly, and he screamed in shock, "Mana fluctuations? How can it be so?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

can? "

Subconsciously, he hurriedly raised his head and looked into the distance, only to see that the Youlan Divine Disk on the top of the mountain was still emitting endless blue light, and there was nothing unusual about it.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help falling into extreme panic.

Naimertai was also taken aback when he heard the words, staring at the three Situ Hongyi who were laughing wildly in disbelief.

"Hahahaha, aren't you surprised? Are you wondering why we can still use mana under the suppression of the nine-day reincarnation disk?" Situ Hongyi, like a Zhongshan wolf who is so successful and rampant, vented to his heart's content The joy in my heart.

Suddenly pointing to the Youlan Divine Disk in the distance, Situ Hongyi laughed wildly, "Hahaha, do you know that the huge millstone in the sky is called the Nine Heavens Reincarnation Disk, and it is the supreme artifact of ancient times. Its unique lawlessness can be suppressed and imprisoned Any creature under the land gods, pay attention to any!"

As he spoke, he pointed to the giant dragon crucified on the mountain, "Did you see that, it is as strong as a dragon's veins, and you have to bow your head obediently even in the lawless world where all living beings are equal!"

"Then the question is, since the lawless world is so powerful, why can we break through the prohibition and use mana?"

Seeing Situ Hongyi's triumphant look, Yuan Yutang and Naimertai were itching with hatred, wishing to blow his dog's head off.

You don't need to guess and you know that it must be related to the translucent shields made of black and red mysterious liquid on their bodies. The specific reason is unknown.

Deliberately leaving a suspense, Situ Hongyi was not in a hurry to reveal the answer, but twisted his murderous smile and said, "Forget it, what's the use of dead people knowing too much, you two send them on their way!"

The latter sentence was addressed to 'Dug Butong' and Tuqian Sanren, and after he finished speaking, he walked towards the giant mountain where the dragon's veins were imprisoned.

He wants to monopolize the opportunity to control the dragon veins!

'Dug Butong' and Tuque Sanren looked at each other after hearing the words, and walked towards Naimertai and Yuan Yutang respectively in tacit understanding.

"Hehe, brat, last time you were lucky enough to escape, I'm afraid you won't be so lucky this time." Tu Que Sanren was standing in front of Yuan Yutang, his awe-inspiring aura ready to go.

Yuan Yutang gave a wry smile in his heart, and stood up silently with his bloody little face.

His waist is very strong, even if he knows that he is close to death against the Tu Que who restores his mana, he will never bow his knees to beg for survival.

Seeing this, the Tuque Sanren smiled disdainfully, stepped on the ground, and dozens of stone pillars popped up from the ground, firmly surrounding them.

(It's really prudent, I'm already hurt like this, as for closing the door and beating the dog?)

After such a battle, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but sink to the bottom of the valley.

On the other side, 'Unable to Dig' came to Naimertai hunched over, and said with a habitually humble and smiling face, "Brother Naimu, you are doomed anyway, so why bother struggling, it is better to accept your fate obediently, I promise How about a treat for you?"

Naimertai's physique is astonishing, the broken bones in both arms have healed on their own in a short period of time, and he can barely fight. He sneered without anger and prestige, "Only by you? An old dog who only knows how to flatter horses is also worthy of calling me to accept his fate? "

"You!" 'Unable to dig' couldn't help but get angry when he heard the words, and his face showed a sullen expression.

Naimertai was not afraid at all, and continued to sneer, "Have you forgotten one more thing, I am a warrior, and if I lose my mana, I am a bullshit warlock! Even if I don't have a body shield, it will have little effect on my combat power .”

"So, have you lived your life like a dog, and you dare to challenge me?"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

'Unable to dig' was startled suddenly, only then did he realize that the man in front of him was a peerless tiger with unrivaled force.

But after thinking about it, he soon felt relieved.

Hehe, a warrior without genuine energy is like a tiger without claws and claws, but he has mana. If he dares not do anything, it is better to just quit the arena.

Immediately said contemptuously, "Since Brother Nogi is so confident, why don't you give it a try?"

"Hehe!" Namur sneered twice, and actually began to breathe out and heal his wounds in front of the 'digging', with a posture of not paying attention to him at all.


The closer Situ Hongyi got to the giant mountain, the more his blood boiled uncontrollably.

He didn't worry about the two people who lacked soil and 'dig can't get through' at all.

I am invincible, if you can't kill Yuan Yutang and Naimertai who have been suppressed by mana after recovering their mana, it's better to just wipe their necks.

Now his mind is full of that transformed northern dragon vein.

As long as I can successfully subdue the dragon's veins, when the time comes, I will have the opportunity to aspire to the top of the world and become the new Ninth Five Lord!

That's right, although Situ Hongyi regards the position of governor as a taboo, and even turned against his brother Situ Shanu, but how can one's ambition be satisfied?

It is human nature to look forward to Shu, and now that the opportunity is in front of him, he is so ambitious that he even began to delusionally rush out of the corner of the Northeast Road and aspire to the supreme position in the world.

Suppressing his excitement, Situ Hongyi began to climb the mountain.

The current situation is very incomprehensible, the Nine Heavens Reincarnation Disc can suppress the pulse of the dragon, and it is so difficult to break through the shackles of the lawless world and liberate the dragon pulse.

But Situ Hongyi looked confident, as if he was very familiar with every plant and tree here, and walked towards the halfway up the mountain with a strong purpose.

When a strange stele appeared on the hillside lined with strange rocks in front of him, he finally stopped.

found it!

Situ Hongyi was so excited that he was trembling all over, and he moved his hands tremblingly to caress the extremely rough stone tablet that had been corroded by years of wind and rain, just like stroking a lover's delicate cheek, and murmured obsessively, "It's not in vain that my master put all his effort into collecting Three hundred pairs of boys and girls went to enshrine the Three-Headed True Monarch, and he did not disappoint me..."

The so-called eight-yin boys and girls refer to newborns born to people in the yin house in the cloudy sky and cloudy place at the time of the cloudy year and the moon, which is rare in the world.

Unexpectedly, Situ Hongyi frantically collected three hundred pairs of eight-yin boys and girls to enshrine the three-headed true king who was known at birth and could break the secrets of the world.

No wonder he is so familiar with the secret realm of the Tianmen attic, and there is even a translucent shield that can escape the suppression of the lawless heaven and earth. It must be the secret told to him by the Three-Headed True Monarch.

"The wordless monument, you only need to drop blood to recognize the master, and you can refine the secret realm for your own use. When the dragon veins are unsealed and the reincarnation disk returns to the void, it will be the prelude to a new era exclusive to Situ Hongyi, hahaha... ..."

Situ Hongyi's eyes were wild, and he scratched his wrist with his nails, and was about to refine the core wordless tablet according to the method explained by the three-headed Zhenjun.

At this moment, a petite figure suddenly appeared behind Situ Hongyi, holding a sharp dagger with a cold light in his hand, piercing through the translucent shield like nothing, and piercing straight into Situ Hongyi's back.

"Ah~ who sneak attack...is it you?"

Turning around suddenly, Situ Hongyi was so shocked that he could not speak when he saw the real face of the attacker.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		