

"A little monk in the monk realm is also worthy of showing off in front of this deity?"

"Die!"

The thunderous howling of the tiger pierced through the sky, and a black mist as black as ink emerged in vain.

The bone-piercing monster fog raged for several miles in an instant, the phantom suddenly became solid, and its head was completely black. The terrifying giant tiger the size of a mountain stepped on the monster fog, and quickly faced the wind and rain, and the gradually growing tornado.

Shanze Dajun is one of the top monsters among the 100,000 mountain gods in Heishan. Even if only one of his projections descends, he still has the power to shock the world.

Whether it's the army of the wolf tribe or the guards of the Tongshan Pass, no matter where they have seen such a terrifying scene, they are all fighting with each other, their minds are stunned, and they want to kneel down and pay respects.

This has nothing to do with courage and character, it is purely that the big demon has crushed mortals from the level of life.

The gigantic black tiger's huge fierce eyes suddenly widened, its blood-red vertical pupils fixedly stared at the tornado, it suddenly raised its head and screamed, leaped forward, and flew out as if stepping on the void.

"Roar!"

In an instant, the world changed color!

Before the giant black tiger arrived, a monster wind as fierce as a knife struck swiftly.

Dragons follow the clouds, tigers follow the wind.

Coincidentally, Yufeng is also one of the talents of the Tiger Demon.

Seemingly aware of the threat of the giant black tiger, the tornado suddenly split into countless razor-sharp wind blades, which shot out like overwhelming heaven and earth.

"Oh, what a trick!" The giant black tiger sneered disdainfully without any fear.

With a thought, the already incomparably fast Yaofeng broke through the limit in vain, and slammed into the incoming wind blade at extreme speed.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

In an instant, the terrifying impact sound that made people's scalp tingle and eardrums sting suddenly exploded, and I saw countless qi energies colliding crazily in the air, and the remaining energies splashed, falling on the mountains, cities, and the ground, leaving behind scars like knives and knives. Gully, shocking to the extreme.

"The hors d'oeuvres are over, let this deity eat you up!"

The giant black tiger roared like thunder, and opened its huge mouth, like a bottomless abyss that devoured the sky and the earth, and a bitter suction was born out of thin air.

This suction force was extraordinary, and it came down suddenly, and the sand, gravel, corpses, and trees on the ground were all drawn into the mouth of the giant black tiger.

Regardless of whether it was the wolf tribe or the Xia people, they grabbed all the heavy objects that could stabilize their bodies, and some unlucky ones who couldn't find any support screamed and were sucked into the air, and disappeared into the black tiger's huge mouth in an instant.

The suction force struck, the tornado stagnated suddenly, and the violent storm and rain inside faintly showed signs of collapsing.

The giant black tiger was overjoyed when he saw this, and fell down suddenly. His limbs like a sky-lift rooted into the ground, squatting and screaming, and the already strong suction was strengthened again.


More than 30 surviving veterans, including Situ Shanu and Chen Jiangnan, squatted behind the city wall, struggling to support the ground with their feet, and using the reaction force to keep their bodies firmly against the city wall, resisting the terrifying suction that swept across everything in the air.

Situ Shanu was so anxious that he couldn't help looking at the shocking confrontation outside the city.

With just one glance, he was in a state of confusion, and instinctively wanted to jump off the city wall.

The person who controlled the tornado just now was his foster brother Yuan Yutang.

Although the two have not been together for a long time, they have long had a lifelong friendship with each other.

The righteous brother is in trouble, as a righteous brother, how can he just sit idly by.

But as soon as Situ Shanu moved, he was hugged tightly by Chen Jiangnan at the side.

"Let go of me, I'm going to save my sworn brother~" Situ Shanu struggled desperately and shouted.

Chen Jiangnan, who was seriously injured, was convulsed with pain, but he hugged Situ Shanu tightly, refusing to let go, trying to persuade him, "General, general, this level of fighting skills is no longer something that ordinary people like me can intervene in. If you go, you will die in vain, you must put the overall situation first~"

"Fuck the overall situation is the most important thing, I want to live and die with my brothers!" Situ Shanu's eyes were red, and he roared hysterically.

"General, you have to calm down~"

"General, before I die, nothing will make you stupid!"

Fearing that Situ Shanu was really impulsive, several nearby soldiers hugged him to death without thinking about their own safety.

"Ahhh~" Situ Shanu was piled up like an arhat on top of several big guys, he couldn't move anymore, he could only be helpless and furious.


Yuan Yutang clearly felt that the vitality was rapidly passing away, and there were less than five breaths left before death.

He originally planned to risk his life to bring the out-of-control magical power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain' to the camp of the wolf clan, and drag the remaining army of the wolf clan to die together.

Unexpectedly, at the critical moment, a stumbling block jumped out.

This giant black tiger the size of a mountain is ridiculously strong, with a huge mouth, it actually has the power to devour the world.

Even the stormy tornado formed by the out-of-control 'calling the wind and rain' was pulled by that suction and became unstable.

It can't be delayed any longer, and if it continues to be delayed, it will either be drained of mana and die, or be swallowed by the black tiger.

So, go all out!

Yuan Yutang turned his heart away, completely let go of his body and mind, and took the initiative to inject all the remaining vitality into the tornado.

Suddenly, the air seemed to have ripples, and everything within a radius of ten miles seemed to be frozen. The inside of the tornado expanded in vain, and a reverse tornado regenerated from the inside.

The newly born reverse tornado surged instantly, and the two tornadoes merged into one, turning into a blue dragon with teeth and claws, carrying a boundless storm, roaring and killing the black giant tiger.

Seeing this, the giant black tiger widened its huge eyes and said in surprise, "What? A little warlock can actually be able to understand the sky?"

Yuan Yutang, who was inside the blue dragon, was not far from death, and his consciousness was blurred.

There is only one thought in his head, and that is to kill this big monster, so there is no time to pay attention to what Heihu is saying.

Sooner or later, the cyan dragon burst into the air, and instantly pounced on the giant black tiger.

The giant black tiger roared, and flew towards the cyan dragon not to be outdone.

Two terrifying creatures that only exist in myths and stories fight together in the void, the speed is too fast to be caught by the naked eye. In an instant, afterimages are everywhere in the night sky, the wind and clouds change color, and the bright moon is dark.

The soldiers of the two clans inside and outside the city were all stunned, dumbfounded and at a loss.

A huge tiger claw slammed down, and the cyan dragon opened its mouth and bit it violently, and pulled it hard, and a limb of the black giant instantly broke.

Before the severed limb fell, it quickly disintegrated in the air.

The giant black tiger lost a limb, roared in pain, and spun around, and the huge tail wrapped in a strong wave of air was swiftly drawn.

The cyan dragon twisted in the air, dodging the fierce and fierce tiger tail swipe without delay, and at the same time came back with a slap in the face and swung the dragon's tail.

Boom~

The deafening and terrifying collision sounded for hundreds of miles. Under the inconceivable eyes of the giant black tiger, half of its body was directly smashed to death by the blue dragon.

The cyan dragon took advantage of the victory and pursued, biting the giant black tiger's thick neck, and then exerting force in vain, the sharp fangs composed of countless violent winds and rains staggered and dragged.

"No! Please forgive me~"

Life was at stake, and the giant black tiger was dying, its hair stood up, and it instinctively wanted to beg for mercy.

Don't look at this giant black tiger is not the main body of the great demon Shanze Maharaja, once the avatar falls, it will directly eat back the main body, causing the soul to be injured.

Yuanshen trauma is the most troublesome injury. If possible, Lord Shanze wants to keep the clone even if he admits it.

Unfortunately, it was too late to beg for mercy.

As soon as the giant cyan dragon's mouth closed, the head of the giant black tiger was removed, and the remnant body quickly disappeared.

It's not over yet, I saw the cyan dragon suddenly opened its huge mouth, sucked hard, and the fragments of the giant black tiger's body were sucked into the abdomen instantly.

There was a vague scream in the void.

So far, this extraordinary battle between dragons and tigers has finally come to an end.

The victorious cyan dragon raised its head and let out an earth-shattering Qingyue dragon chant. Its huge body twisted and circled in the air for a circle, and suddenly collapsed as a whole, turning into fluorescent lights and flying away with the wind.

Later, the wind stopped and the rain stopped, and the clouds saw the moon.

Everyone present seemed to have lost their souls, keeping their heads up and looking up at the sky, unable to regain their senses for a long time.

It seemed that the scene just now was just a collective hallucination.

The first one to come to his senses was Tie Muzhen, the Tushanbu witch who had summoned the avatar of Lord Shanze.

At this moment, her face was as golden as paper, her breath was weak, and she might die at any moment, and she exhausted her last ounce of strength to wake Akeley who was absent-minded.

"Hurry up, go back to the old camp of the army headquarters, otherwise the entire Tushan Department will be in great trouble!" Tie Mu really roared eagerly.

After hearing this, Ackley showed hesitation on his face.

Although the avatar of Shanze Maharaja, who relied on the most, had been killed, the previous Yaowu and corpse soldiers had already caused great damage to the guards of Tongshan Pass.

Now is the best time to complete all his achievements in one battle and establish supreme feats.

Once this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity is missed, it will never come again, which makes the ambitious Ackley willing to give up.

But the wizard has supreme authority in the werewolf tribe, and even the succession of Taiji of the tribe must be approved by the wizard to be justified.

Although witches are not the most honorable great shamans among wizards, they cannot be ignored, and their words have irreversible authority.

You can easily get credit for splashing heaven and earth, so why give up so easily?

Unwilling, Ackley clenched his fists involuntarily and gritted his teeth.

Tie Muzhen was panting violently. Seeing this, he couldn't help but weakly slapped Ackley across the face, and cursed with hatred, "Confused, confused~ Lord Shanze has completed the ancestral contract and can break through the predicament." However, now that its avatar has been destroyed and its primordial spirit has been injured, only a large amount of blood can repair the trauma of the primordial spirit in a short period of time..."

"Let me ask you, where is the most blood food near Wunvfeng?"

Suddenly, Ackley broke out in a cold sweat.

Wunvfeng is the place where the main body of the great demon Shanze Dajun was suppressed and sealed, and it happens to be not far from the old camp of the Tushan tribe.

This time, Naimertai threw all his strength into the Three Banners and set out to fight. At this time, hundreds of thousands of old and weak women and children stayed behind in the old camp.

Once the escaped Lord Shanze meets, there is no place to survive.

After figuring out the pros and cons, Ackley no longer dared to indulge in merit, and hastily ordered the entire army to return to the defense camp, hoping to make it in time.

At the same time, in the Heishan Mountains thousands of miles away from Tongshan Pass, a strange mountain that looks like five girls juxtaposed suddenly collapsed.

Amidst the terrible movement of the mountain collapsing and the rain of gravel, a dwarf black tiger shaped like a pony rushed out of it.

Despite its small size, the dwarf black tiger exudes a heavy and terrifying coercion.

The two blood-red vertical pupils constricted, and suddenly a deafening roar erupted from the throat, shaking wild birds within tens of miles away like dark clouds.

"Damn it, if you dare to kill this deity's clone, today's revenge will be returned ten times in the future!"

After whistling, the dwarf black tiger suddenly turned around and flew towards the southwest where there was a hidden light shining.


		