

Death is like a lamp going out, and all thoughts are turned to ashes.

This is a natural decree, and it cannot be forced at all.

Apart from Lin Er's kind of ghost among people who is neither human nor ghost, are there any other examples of resurrection from death?

If Yuan Yutang were to answer this question, he would definitely say yes!


Yuan Yutang sat cross-legged on the ground, looking indifferently at the writhing figure in front of him who was bound by five flowers.

It was a strong young man in his early twenties, with facial features resembling those of a wild beast, with erect eyes and fangs, many wounds on his body had rotted and turned black, his bluish-purple skin was covered with corpse spots, yet he could move, it was really strange Weird.

Concubine Zhou Luo had already changed out of her eye-catching dark red wedding gown, and was wearing Yuan Yutang's slightly ill-fitting gown, outlining her graceful curves. She was hiding behind the tree with her eyes wide open fearfully and curiously.

There is a group of black and white furry half lying on its feet, with a pair of small paws holding a few fresh hawthorns, eating deliciously.

A little further away surrounded by a dozen shabby and worried villagers in burlap, looked up from time to time, but never dared to cross the thunder pond.

Yuan Yutang looked intently at the bound half-human, half-beast, frowning, as if thinking about countermeasures.

After a while, he smiled helplessly, cheered up and tentatively began to transcend:

"Men and women, wild ghosts and wandering souls... cross the mortal world, like floating clouds, leave no traces... leave no love, leave no hatred, leave no traces..."

There is no way, he will only know this soul-saving mantra commonly used by Taoism.

The half-human, half-beast person is a fraudulent corpse that was revived by a black cat disturbing the soul after death.

After three consecutive soul-saving spells, the zombie still didn't respond, struggling and writhing crazily.

Yuan Yutang sighed, got up and went to the villagers, and said with some embarrassment, "Immeasurable Heavenly Venerable, the impoverished Taoist skill is low, and I really can't save this teasing. For now, only burning the corpse can prevent future troubles."

"Xiao Daochang, often not!"

When they heard that the corpse needs to be cremated, the villagers interrupted in horror, and one of the middle-aged women wailed and fell down on the ground crying, "My poor son, why is your life so hard, and you can't settle down after death. , now there are still people who want to burn your body, woo woo woo, if you can't be buried with the whole body, mother will die~"

The Xia people are deeply influenced by Buddhist thought, and the most important thing is to burrow into the earth for peace in order to cultivate the afterlife. Incomplete corpses are a big taboo, no wonder the villagers are so disgusted with burning corpses.

But Yuan Yutang was really helpless.

It would be easy for him to exterminate the fraudulent corpse, but if he were to perform a ritual ceremony, once the soul-saving spell expired, he would have to be blinded.

Hey, there are still too few spells.

It's also the fault of that young man's fate. It's really bad luck that he even encountered such an unlucky thing as a black cat falling dead in ten years.

It's just that if he is buried like this, the fraudulent corpse may break out of the ground one day, and the innocent may be hurt by then.

This is what the two of them encountered when they passed the village this morning. It is said that several men in the village were injured last night in order to subdue the fraudulent corpse.

Seeing the sad faces of the villagers, Yuan Yutang wanted to try to see if he could get rid of the fake corpse for a moment, but he lost his chain and failed to do what he promised, which was very embarrassing.

Yuan Yutang didn't have a perfect plan for a while.

When I was in a dilemma, I suddenly heard a timid clear voice:

"Why don't you let me try?"

Everyone hurriedly looked and found that it was the delicate Zhou Luofei who was speaking?

"Don't make trouble, this matter is not just for fun." Yuan Yutang stepped forward and scolded.

The dead are the most important thing, and the matter of mourning in vain is not to be taken lightly. Yuan Yutang's original intention was not to let Concubine Zhou Luo bear unnecessary karma.

Unexpectedly, her kindness was not appreciated, Zhou Luofei snorted displeasedly, looked up at her slender jade neck like a proud swan, pushed Yuan Yutang away and stepped forward, helped up the crying mother and said, "Don't cry, auntie, I There is really a way to let the son rest in peace."

The mother of the deceased tightly grasped Zhou Luofei's hand, sobbing hopefully, "Girl, do you really have a way to let my son die in peace?"

Zhou Luofei nodded heavily.

Yuan Yutang raised his forehead and couldn't bear to look at it.

Come on, show off your skills, let's see what tricks you can play!

Yuan Yutang, secretly sulking, stepped aside and stood by.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

Looking down, it turned out to be a cute little beast with black and white head as flat as a shovel. Yuan Yutang smiled, bent down and hugged 'Brother Flathead' to tease.

Ever since he knew that Situ Hongyi wanted to put himself to death, Yuan Yutang fled hastily. He didn't have time to go back to Qingzhou to say goodbye to his friends such as Mian Hulu, and he didn't have time to take away the 'Brother Pingtou' who stayed in the Governor's Mansion.

Unexpectedly, 'Brother Pingtou' followed his aura and traveled hundreds of miles alone to catch up with him, which moved Yuan Yutang very much.

After comforting the deceased's mother there, Concubine Zhou Luo confidently walked in front of the heavily tied fraudulent corpse.

Just when the villagers were fully expecting the magical spell that the beautiful girl who appeared in the New Year picture would perform, a shocking scene happened.

"You, please calm down, Miss Ben!"

Concubine Zhou Luo put her hips on her hips, pointed at the fraudulent corpse arrogantly and scolded.

It's strange to say that the swindler, who was restless at first, was stunned when he heard Zhou Luofei's words, and then he stopped struggling as he said, and the ferocious half-beast face returned to normal at a speed visible to the naked eye. He closed his eyelids, Put your hands on your chest, as peaceful as a deep sleep.

"Mouth, title Tianxian?" Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded, and subconsciously uttered a sentence.

There is a cryptic record in the secret book of the head of the sect: The ancient emperors and empresses came into being at the right time, and they are different from birth to birth.

If the records are true, doesn't it mean that Concubine Zhou Luo has the fate of an empress?

No wonder even the ghost king of the underworld took the risk to marry her forcibly.

Fuck, so I picked up a future queen at random?

Yuan Yutang was shocked by what he thought.

Not to mention Yuan Yutang's psychological activities, Zhou Luofei, who successfully appeases the fraudulent corpse, has become a living god in the eyes of the villagers, singing her praises, wishing to immediately carry her into the temple to worship.

Concubine Zhou Luo accepted the villagers' praise calmly, raised her head in a high-spirited manner, and did not forget to glance at Yuan Yutang triumphantly, as if to say:

Xiao Mian, the fact that you can't solve it doesn't mean that this lady can't solve it, are you dumbfounded now?

Yuan Yutang recovered and was speechless.

This wave was not wronged by being ridiculed.

Suddenly, his trousers were pulled a few times, and when he looked down, he saw a little boy with a long snot bubble and dirt like a clay figurine, looking at Yuan Yutang with his big hopeful eyes, and asked timidly , "Big brother, do you know how to catch ghosts and exorcise evil spirits?"

Yuan Yutang was startled, bent down to look the little boy in the eye, and said softly, "Yes, what kind of difficulties did you encounter?"

With Yuan Yutang's affirmation, the little boy heaved a sigh of relief, and immediately fell to his knees with a plop, kowtowed like pounding onions, and begged, "Big brother, please save my daddy~"

Yuan Yutang hurriedly helped the little boy up, and found that he was crying profusely, and he didn't care about being dirty, so he gently wiped his tears and comforted him softly, "Don't panic, tell brother, what's wrong with your father?"

"I, my daddy, he, he, woo woo woo~" The little boy just sobbed, crying out of breath, as if there was a huge grievance in his heart, crying out of control, and finally lost his strength and passed out.

Thanks to Yuan Yutang's quick reaction, he didn't fall down when he hugged him.

At this time, a gray-haired old farmer came over and sighed, "The head of the Xiaodao doesn't know something, Gouwa is a poor child, his mother died of dystocia when giving birth to him, and he and his father are left to depend on each other.

A while ago, his father went hunting in the mountains, and when he came back, his whole person changed. First, he didn’t eat or drink, then he stayed up all night, and finally he developed restlessness, became so thin that he was almost out of shape, and wailed all day long...

The barefoot doctor in the next-door village shook his head after reading it, saying that he had bumped into a customer and the medicine stone was difficult to cure, so don't waste medicine and prepare for the funeral as soon as possible.

However, Gouwa has a stubborn temper and refuses to give up his only family member. He has to work in the field and take care of his father at a young age. It is really hard for him..."

Yuan Yutang frowned after listening to it, and asked in a deep voice, "Dare to ask, old man, how long has Gouwa's father been ill?"

The old farmer recalled, and said uncertainly, "About half a month?"

Yuan Yutang asked again, "Can you be sure it's half a month?"

The old slave shook his head, "I can't remember the exact time, but it must be more than ten days."

Yuan Yutang nodded and said affirmatively, "Then it is basically confirmed that Gouwa's father is a hitman. As for the root cause, please show me the way. I want to go to Gouwa's house to see the situation."

If a person does not eat, he can live for about seven to fourteen days, but if he does not drink water, he will definitely not live for three days.

Gouwa's father didn't eat, drink, or sleep for more than ten days. Even an iron man couldn't bear it. There is no doubt that he was possessed by evil spirits.

Without calling Concubine Zhou Luo, who was indulging in praise, Yuan Yutang carried Gouwa and 'Brother Pingtou' and followed the old farmer to a house with earthen walls and tiles.

Just now Yuan Yutang smelled a very foul smell from a long distance away.

Before entering the house, Yuan Yutang somehow felt something was wrong.

bang~

The false chaimen was pushed away by the old farmer, who stood outside the door and poked his head in and called cautiously, "Father Gouwa, are you feeling better today?"

After a while, no one responded, the old farmer turned around and smiled awkwardly at Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang expressed his understanding that it is normal for ordinary people not to be involved in such unexplainable evil events.

Handing the sleepy Gouwa to the old farmer, Yuan Yutang put down 'Brother Pingtou' and strode in.

Gouwa's house is an ordinary farm house. The entrance is a small fenced yard, where some chickens and ducks are scattered. The windows of the inner room are closed, and it is as dark as night from the open door.

In the room, a dimly-moving figure can be seen pacing back and forth impatiently.

The closer they got, the stronger the ominous premonition in Yuan Yutang's heart.

He also couldn't tell where this ominous premonition came from, anyway, the closer he got to the inner room, the more frightened he felt.

As soon as the front foot stepped over the threshold, the crossing figure paused immediately, and then rushed towards Yuan Yutang with hands and feet like a beast out of a cage.


		