

Inside the mansion, there are many plains, and a large white lantern with the word "Dian" written on it hangs high. Inside are clusters of green and gloomy flames. The guests and servants are all terrifying ghosts that are enough to scare the courage of ordinary people.

Obviously getting married is a great event, but here is a gloomy and weird atmosphere.

Yuan Yutang resisted the urge to sweep away all the ghosts in the courtyard, and continued to hide in it.

"The servant, bring some warm mutton to our table!"

A hanged ghost sitting next to Yuan Yutang twitched his tongue, his eyes almost bulging out of his eye sockets. His face was blushing, and he yelled vaguely with his tongue out. Immediately, a ghost dressed as a servant brought a large bowl of undercooked meat.

A table of ghosts saw the meat, their eyes lit up, and they couldn't wait to share the food, bloody and gobbled it up.

Yuan Yutang didn't move his chopsticks, and pretended to be casual and asked the hanged ghost beside him, "Brother, when did we ghosts get obsessed with eating mutton?"

All the ghosts were stunned when they heard this, and after a while they burst out laughing.

The Hanged Ghost laughed so hard that tears flowed down his face. He patted Yuan Yutang's shoulder with his greasy palm while explaining with a laugh, not afraid to bite his tongue.

"Hahaha, at first glance, brother, you are not a local ghost. Just take a closer look, is the 'mutton' in the pot similar to ordinary mutton?"

Yuan Yutang heard the words and looked around, and soon he found Ni Duan.

The hanged ghost seems to be very pushy, and Yuan Yutang didn't need to ask more questions, and he solved the mystery by himself.

"The world is getting worse and worse, surrounded by powerful enemies outside, and divided by warlords inside, that is to say, our Northeast Province is still relatively stable. If it were any other Daozhou, it would have already become a mess!"

"The melee of warlords and the uprising of the people led to a shortage of food for the living. I don't know when outsiders gradually started to use people as food, and they even gave it a nickname of 'two-legged sheep', as if this could be done with peace of mind. Cannibalism."

"Hahaha, the name 'two-legged sheep' is well earned. It is only natural for sheep to eat grass and humans to eat sheep. Now that humans have become 'two-legged sheep', then we can eat whatever we want?"

"Today is a good day for Master Mangshan to rejoice. You have enough fine wine, enough incense, and enough 'mutton'. Brother, you can make it generously. You can eat well and make money. Such a good thing is not often. there~"

Suddenly, killing intent burst out in Yuan Yutang's eyes, but he quickly covered it up.

Hehe, since the rise and fall of imperial dynasties since ancient times, the ones who hurt the most are the kind and innocent common people after all.

This cannibalistic world...

Prosperity, the people suffer; death, the people suffer...

The sage never deceives me.

Immediately, Yuan Yutang stopped talking, he was afraid that if he asked a few more questions, he would not be able to resist killing all the ghosts present.

The rich wine and meat were served like a flow of work, and it didn't take long for the ghosts to stop their cups and chopsticks in unison.

At this time, Yuan Yutang was inexplicably awakened, and the real master was about to appear on the stage.

Sure enough, the ghosts approaching the inner hall couldn't help bursting into cheers, and soon Yuan Yutang saw a tall man in a dark red wedding gown, black face and fangs approaching drunkenly, along the way there were more than a dozen people wearing helmets Armored ghost guards accompany them.

"Master Mangshan, congratulations on adding seventy-eight concubines!"

"Hahaha, we are happy together, eat well, drink well and have fun, and we won't go home until we're drunk!"

"Small congratulations to Master Mangshan for not falling down with his golden gun. Every year there will be today, and every night will be the bridegroom~"

"Hahaha, you slippery bastard, you are pleasant to talk to, master, I think you are pleasing to the eye, hurry up and go with master tomorrow, I will reward you with an errand!"

As soon as these words came out, all kinds of flattery and flattery were heard endlessly, and all the ghosts seemed to be beaten, envious of that lucky guy, and at the same time desperately behaved, trying to make Master Mangshan also fancy themselves.

It is good to enjoy the shade under a big tree, this principle is not only applicable in the world.

Yuan Yutang locked his eyes on the proud black-faced man, and his heart was full of murderous intent.

According to the custom, the bride and groom have to toast each table to thank the guests. The strange thing is that only the groom appears, and I don’t know what the beautiful bride looks like who can be spotted by the old pervert Mangshan. This makes many lustful ghosts very impressed. lost.

The black-faced Master Mangshan seems to have an amazing capacity for alcohol, and the drink is dry, and he is very happy.

Soon it was Yuan Yutang's turn at the table.

The ghosts tried their best to say auspicious words, which made Master Mangshan so happy that he insisted on clinking glasses one by one.

When it was Yuan Yutang's turn, he raised his glass with a smile and looked directly at the drunk-eyed Master Mangshan without speaking.

Master Mangshan tried his best to widen his eyes, and after looking at it for a while, he asked dumbly, "This little brother looks like a stranger, but is he a wild ghost from outside?"

"Hehe, a ghost in the mountains does not catch the master's eyes. The master's name is like a thunder, who in the Northeast Road of Nuoda didn't give the thumbs up when he mentioned the master? Today, I ran into the wedding team by chance. When I heard that it was the master's happy day, I wanted to help no matter what. The master did his best, so he has the audacity to come here, and I hope the master will forgive the boy for his abrupt crime."

"Hahaha, you brat, you can speak well at such a young age." This rainbow fart really hit Master Mangshan's itching spot, and he was overjoyed immediately.

Yuan Yutang clinked glasses with him and drank it all before saying, "Master, please stop, there is no reason to eat empty-handed. The boy specially prepared a gift for the master."

Hearing that there was a gift received, Master Mangshan was even happier, and laughed loudly, "Bring me your gift, and if I am happy, Master, I will also reward you as an errand!"

All of a sudden, the ghosts at the same table fell in love with Lemon again. Who would have thought that a good thing would happen to this stupid kid.

Yuan Yutang remained calm, stretched his hands into his bosom as if digging out something, and said with a calm smile, "I'm sure the master will like this gift from the boy, now the master may as well make a bold guess."

Master Mangshan was so itchy by Guan Zi, he kept urging, "You little devil, you are so ignorant, hurry up and bring the gift to the master!"

"Hehe, the kid wants to send the master off..."

Suddenly, a strong wave of magic power suddenly appeared, and the ghosts caught off guard were suddenly hit, and before they even had time to call out, their souls flew away, and the leftover cold dishes on the table turned into flying catkins, which were scattered like rain.

"The boy wants to send the master to the ultimate bliss!"

Boom!

A small fist hit Master Mangshan's black-red grimace like a thunderbolt, his teeth were broken and blood jumped, Master Mangshan flew backwards like a kite with broken strings several feet away.

This sudden scene shocked everyone, and many ghosts were stunned as if they had cast a spell on them.

choke choke!

Qingyue's sonorous sword unsheathing broke the deadlock.

The master humiliated the subject to death, as the personal guard of Master Mangshan, how could Yuan Yutang be allowed to hurt their master.

The ghost guards were divided into two, seven or eight murderous ghost guards roared and killed Yuan Yutang, and the rest rushed to take care of Master Mangshan who was knocked into the air.

Yuan Yutang spat out the yin-gathering beads, the restrained yang energy poured out like a mountain torrent, the mana swelled, and the clothes moved automatically without wind, and the gradually dripping soup was blown away before it could fall.

"Hehe, the house is full of sinful yin creatures, dare to bathe in monkeys and get crowned?"

"The poor are kind-hearted, and I can't bear the suffering of the judgment of the underworld. Let everyone be freed together today!"

After saying that, Yuan Yutang shook his body and disappeared in place.

The next moment, a burst of yang-like flames bloomed.

"Wow~"

The ghost guard who rushed the fastest let out a miserable scream, and then spontaneously ignited strangely, and was instantly burned to ashes by the frighteningly hot orange flame.

coax~

A bright flame dragged a long trajectory, like a fire dragon born, devouring the remaining ghost guards with lightning speed.

Isn't this the most proud self-created spell of Master Yuan Yutang's sloppy old man - Lihuo Shengang?

Suddenly, there was a large hissing sound of gasping for air.

You must know that these ghost guards are not good fighters in front of them, and they are even more vicious when they are ghosts after death.

The young Taoist priest actually killed seven or eight ghost guards in seconds with one move.

What kind of strength is this?

The fire flickered, and Yuan Yutang reappeared. He didn't know how much shock he had unintentionally caused in the hearts of many ghosts, and he was quite sorry.

Why are these decent-looking ghost guards so weak?

Even the Lihuo Shengang who is not motivated by "Lihuo Pure Yang Kungfu" can't support it, so don't work all night to get the merits of those three melons and two dates, right?

Just when Yuan Yutang shocked everyone, suddenly a terrifying aura descended, even the night sky was pulled, forming a funnel-shaped whirlpool cloud.

The surrounding void swayed like the surface of water impacted by an undercurrent. A hundred-foot-tall giant in tattered armor burst out of the air. Two gigantic giant eyes were burning with real anger, and the terrifying gaze locked onto Yuan Yutang in an instant.

"Where did the little cow's nose come from, to provoke the master to my head without knowing what to do?"

A roar of anger soaring to the sky was like a thunderous explosion, shaking all the ghosts with low cultivation bases, and they were immediately frightened out of their wits.

Yuan Yutang's heart skipped a beat, and a chill ran down his spine.

Looking up, I saw Master Mangshan with half of his swollen cheeks floating in the void, synchronized with the movements of the Baizhang giant in the void, approaching Yuan Yutang like a king in the world.

Yuan Yutang instinctively felt that he might have caused a catastrophe.

At this time, the aura of Mangshan old ghost has completely exceeded his cognitive range. If he has to describe it, he can only use the power of heaven and earth to summarize it.

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang suddenly remembered the description of the fairyland on the highest realm of Taoist warlocks in the master's secret book: There are immortals in the world, the heaven and the earth are as powerful, overwhelming mountains and seas, and grasping the stars and taking the moon is just waiting for nothing.

In the four realms of ghosts and things, the only one who can stand shoulder to shoulder with the earth immortals is the legendary ghost king realm who is immortal and has great magical powers.

Could it be that the Mangshan old ghost is the legendary ghost king?

Swallowing with difficulty, Yuan Yutang couldn't help being taken aback by his guess.

If the Mangshan old ghost is really the king of ghosts, then the fun will be great.

He is a mere little magician who has not even reached the real world, why dare to provoke the ghost king-level existence of the king of ghosts?

"Hahaha, I don't know how many hundreds of years no one dared to be so rude to this king, you little brat, you are so brave!" The old man Mangshan laughed angrily, and the terrifying aura instantly crushed Yuan Yutang.

Heck, heck~

Yuan Yutang only felt that there were a few mountain peaks on his back, his bones creaked and his knees were bent into a half-curved arc, and he still gritted his teeth and refused to kneel down.

"Hey, I have a bit of backbone, but this king just likes to play with characters with backbone, kneel down!"

"Woo~"

In an instant, Yuan Yutang's face flushed like five mountains, and he was about to be unable to resist.

rumbling~

A thunderbolt as thick as a mountain suddenly flashed across the sky.

Immediately, the wind stopped and the clouds dispersed, and the sky and the earth were clear.

Yuan Yutang:? ? ?


		