

Although mana is invisible and intangible, it actually exists in the world.

The mana that people often say is actually a kind of super energy stored in the body of a warlock by absorbing the aura of heaven and earth, and then transforming it through self-study exercises. It is also the most important foundation of a warlock.

To measure whether a warlock is powerful, the depth of mana is one of the judgments.

Under normal circumstances, it is the Qihai point of the human body that is responsible for storing mana, which is located about five inches below the navel.

Yuan Yutang hadn't felt the magic power flowing in the dry air sea for a long time, and couldn't help falling into a blur.

The reason why he was able to kill the giant infant just now was of course not by his own ability.

The Cross of Light is worthy of being one of the most sacred artifacts of the Western Continent. Its power is astonishing, its mysteries are infinite, and it even has the special function of energy transfer.

Thanks to the Cross of Light, which absorbed the energy of the remnant soul from the ascetic Ornov's mummified corpse and transferred it to Yuan Yutang, he was able to use the divine magic of the Western religion to turn the tide and kill the weakest giant infant.

Otherwise, once the giant baby escapes and grows up, there will be endless troubles in the future.

Moreover, although Ornov's remnant soul has returned to Hades, the energy he left behind will not dissipate for a while. This is undoubtedly a timely gift, which makes Yuan Yutang ecstatic.

In addition, there is a big surprise, which will not be listed for the time being, and we will find out in the future.

Waking up from the state of confusion, Yuan Yutang recalled what he had just seen about the love and hatred between the giant baby and the "Sasha Po" in the past and present, and felt extremely embarrassed.

Sure enough, the fruit picked by force is not sweet, and there is a price to pay for being a scumbag.

He never expected that the culprit who caused the stone demon to turn into a troll was actually 'Sashapo'. So what role did Zhuge Tianji play in this incident?

A kind diplomat, or a black-bellied schemer?

Is it a coincidence, or is it intentional?

With the death of the giant baby and the "Sashapo" one after another, the truth behind it has been buried in the dust of history, and only time is the only witness.

Rubbing his cheeks vigorously, trying to clear out some inexplicable thoughts in his mind, he looked at the ancient book "Secret Technique of Tiangang" in his hand with excitement.

I saw the latest page impressively recorded:

[In the late autumn and spring of the seventeenth year of Taikang in the Great Xia Dynasty, killing the reincarnated body of a troll that caused disasters in the Western Regions will add one hundred merits...]

Yuan Yutang gasped, unable to suppress the agitation in his heart.

One hundred points of merit! !

I didn't expect the giant baby to be so valuable, and it contributed a full hundred points of merit to him all at once.

and many more!

Now that one hundred points of merit have been accumulated, why are there no new supernatural powers opened?

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang was startled, and hurried to study the ancient book that hadn't moved.

He is relying on the "Tiangang Secret Art" for his wealth and life, so he must not be careless.

However, he studied for a long time but found nothing.

Previously, every time one hundred points of merit were accumulated, the ancient book "Secret Technique of the Heavenly Gang" would automatically activate the supernatural powers, but now half a day has passed, and there is still no response at all.

After ruling out all the impossibilities, there is only one explanation left.

"Is it because of the restriction of Tianmen Pavilion?" Yuan Yutang said to himself a little uncertainly.

Since this matter has not been withdrawn, the only way to know the answer is to go out to the outside world alive.

After thinking about it, he carefully put away the ancient book, and was about to find a way to leave.

Suddenly, the panting underground river boiled like a boil. Under Yuan Yutang's astonished eyes, the island in the center of the river sank slowly, and then the river parted strangely, exposing an ancient passage under the river.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Yuan Yutang hesitated as he looked at the bottomless dark passage.

After a while, he slowly exhaled a foul breath, his eyes were extremely firm, and he walked towards the passage.

It's a blessing, not a curse, and it's a disaster that can't be avoided.

Now that the way forward is dead, we can only go forward bravely!


At the same time, a deadly battle in the wild rainforest is imminent.

"Roar~"

"Roar~"

The shrill roars of beasts came and went, as if they were connected together.

Situ Hongyi and the others were extremely pale.

No need to guess, they were surrounded by monsters with crocodile heads and python bodies!

A bald warlock was overly frightened, turned around hastily and rushed down the hillside.

However, when he rushed to the halfway up the mountain, a jet of black lightning suddenly shot out, and the bald warlock couldn't stop and bumped into it.

"Ah~"

Amidst the heart-piercing screams, the bald warlock was swallowed whole by a lurking black crocodile-headed python-bodied monster.

Immediately under the eyes of everyone, the monster transformed rapidly, its gigantic body shrank suddenly, and after a while of wriggling, it turned into the image of a bald man.

At this time, someone in the crowd exclaimed, "The body of the crocodile-headed python devours the shape, isn't that the unique animal crocodile-python in the southern barbarian forest?"

Everyone was shocked when they heard this.

In ancient times, due to traffic congestion and untimely communication, regional discrimination was very serious.

The people of Daxia regard themselves as the kingdom of heaven, and look down on the alien races in the surrounding tiny countries, and collectively call them barbarians.

In order not to be at a disadvantage in name, the northern wolf tribe insisted on calling the Xia people the Southern Barbarians.

In fact, in the eyes of Daxia people, there is also a southern barbarian, that is, the barbarian who lives in the endless forest in the southwest.

The endless forest is worthy of its name, as vast as the sea, and its area is almost as large as the mainland of Daxia. The barbarians who inhabit it for generations are brave and good at fighting. Great disaster.

In addition to the barbarians, there are countless terrifying strange beasts in the endless forest, among which the crocodile python is one of the most familiar beasts to the Great Xia warlocks.

The reason why the crocodile python is well-known by the Great Xia warlocks is because it has an innate supernatural power - devouring the shape!

In order to get rid of ignorance as soon as possible, many monsters with insufficient Taoism and deeds often choose to confuse the world with deceptive methods, but the crocodile python is different.

The natural supernatural powers of the crocodile python are not self-deceiving blindfolds, but can actually be transformed into one by devouring other objects, exactly the same as the original owner. , can be included in the top three monsters in the world.

Moreover, the crocodile python can not only change its shape after swallowing its prey, but can even directly absorb the prey's lifetime memory, which is outrageous.

The most frightening thing is that this innate supernatural power has no limit. If Crocodile Python is lucky enough to swallow the remains of an Earth Immortal, it can theoretically become the original Earth Immortal directly and possess everything it ever had.

There have been three similar accidents in the long history. In the previous dynasty, an immortal cultivator unfortunately fell into the forest. His remains were devoured by a crocodile python by chance. In the bloody storm, it was the authentic leaders of the seven sects who succeeded in beheading him in the end.

Until it revealed its original shape, everyone thought that Sanxiu had fallen into the evil way and changed his temperament drastically. No one would suspect that Sanxiu had died long ago, and it was a strange beast with low intelligence that was causing trouble.

Since then, all the warlocks have turned pale when they talked about the crocodile python, and dared not take a step into the endless forest easily.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

In fact, death is not terrible. The most terrible thing is that after death, the crocodile python will use his identity to do evil.

The people present also didn't think why they were so fateful, and they fell into the siege of the crocodile and python without dying.

Thinking of this, most people can't help but look ashamed.

The crocodile python that turned into a bald warlock over there froze for a short while, then smiled evilly, quickly formed a mark with both hands, and spoke the truth, "Tianwei Tianwei, Nine Netherworld Palace, give me a true spirit, order the ghost to protect the law, and hurry like a law!"

After saying that, a gust of dark wind blew out of thin air, and a rotten evil ghost appeared in the void, darting towards the people on the hillside with its teeth and claws.

"Hiss~"

Almost everyone gasped at the same time, their scalps tingling.

The bald warlock who has been swallowed by the crocodile python can actually use spells?

"Roar~"

Before the evil spirits could attack, the crocodile python that had just bit off the head of the old warrior took the lead. The huge body with two buckets thick and thin was like a dragon snake, roaring and breaking through the simple antlers, rushing into the camp and wreaking havoc in the camp.

"Ah~"

A warlock in Confucian shirt reacted a little slowly, half of his body was bitten off in an instant, blood gushed out from the wound, and then he was thrown to the side like a kite with broken strings by the huge head of the crocodile and python.

Under the excruciating pain, the warlock in Confucian shirt was dead, desperately scratching with his remaining good arm, trying to catch the ankle of a fat warlock who was trying to escape.

"Zhuzi, let go!" the fat warlock shouted sharply.

However, the Confucian shirt warlock who was eager to survive would not let go of the last straw and begged, "I beg you to raise your hand and save my life. When I get out of trouble, I am willing to give my life savings with both hands!"

Hearing the words, the plump warlock couldn't help but be furious. Now that the disaster is imminent, and it's too late to escape, who would want to listen to you draw cakes?

Immediately roared, "Do you want to let go or not? Don't force me to kill you!"

The Confucian shirt warlock turned a deaf ear to it, and dragged the fat warlock desperately begging.

A fierce light flashed in the fat warlock's eyes, he bent down and picked up a stone and smashed it hard, blood spattered five steps immediately.

After finally breaking free from the stiff claws of the Confucian Warlock, a crocodile python came quietly from the edge of the cliff.

The fat warlock was taken aback, and instinctively threw the still warm corpse of the warlock in the shirt at the crocodile python.

The crocodile and python would not refuse anyone who came, and swallowed the corpse of the Confucian warlock in one gulp.

Then a strange scene happened.

I saw the crocodile python showing a disgusted look in a humane way, slipped its throat, and spit out the corpse covered in mucus with a vomit.

The fat sorcerer froze for a moment, and suddenly felt blessed, and shouted in surprise, "Everyone, everybody, I discovered a big secret!"

"The crocodile python doesn't eat the dead, its devouring transformation power is only effective on living creatures!"

Everyone was worried because of the crocodile python's heaven-defying talent, and almost lost the courage to resist.

When he was in despair, he heard the words of the fat warlock, which undoubtedly boosted his morale like a shot in the arm.

Although the crocodile python's innate supernatural powers are weird and unpredictable, but once he has an insight into the essence, it is not as scary as imagined.

The two wolf warriors summoned up their courage, drew out their weapons and coordinated with each other to slash at an attacking crocodile python.

With a clang, although the steel knife forged by Bailian broke in response, it also left two bloody wounds on the crocodile python.

Seeing the crocodile python who had suffered a bitter defeat and left, everyone was in a panic.

It turns out that the crocodile python is not invincible!

There is still a chance!

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		