

Following Namurtai's roar, the thirty or so golden-armored Bayala warriors, who were already frightened, instantly heard the sound of their nerves snapping.

Bending the bow and setting the arrow, drawing the knife out of the sheath, the sound of clanging is one piece.

Just when they were about to strike first, a response came from the front:

"it's me!"

Everyone in Namurtai, whose muscles were tense, breathed a sigh of relief when they heard the voice.

The faceless monster can't speak, and if it can respond, it means that the person who comes is human.

And Naimertai also recognized that it was Situ Hongyi's voice.

Sure enough, a group of living people in a panic walked out of the thick smoke, and the leader was Prince Situ.

The strange thing is that although these guys are all injured, there are as many as sixty of them.

Naimertai didn't understand, how did Situ Hongyi save so many people even the brave werewolf martial arts couldn't withstand the indiscriminate bombardment of the faceless monster and was scattered?

Even though he was in a dangerous situation, Mr. Situ was still personable, wearing a spotless white Confucian shirt, with a leisurely demeanor as if he was on a green trip, and he didn't know where his confidence came from.

Stepping forward slowly, Situ Hongyi smiled indifferently, "Brother Nomu, you can give me a good meal, and I know that you are very lucky and you will not die so easily."

Naimertai snorted coldly, and said indifferently, "Master Situ really has a big heart, and he is still in the mood to joke."

"Hehe." Situ Hongyi pursed his lips elegantly, and said calmly, "My young master can still joke, which means that the situation has not reached the point of no return. Brother Naimu, don't worry, I will leave the rest to you." Can."

Naimertai was shocked when he heard the words, and hurriedly asked, "What do you mean by that? But have you found a way out?"

Situ Hongyi smiled without saying a word, nodded his head as a signal, and then one of them came out to explain to Naimertai.

The man was short in stature, with disheveled hair, and the original color of the yin and yang Taoist robe on his body was almost invisible, and the shovel on his back was also missing.

The back shovel old Taoist seemed to have discovered some big secret, and smiled happily, "I'm a mountain-moving Taoist who 'can't dig it out'. Do a little research."

There are four major sects of tomb robbers in the world, unloading mountains, touching gold, making hills, and moving mountains, so this old man with a back shovel is a tomb robber.

After a pause, the Back Shovel old man went on to say, "There is no grass growing here, the scorching marks are densely covered, and the faceless monsters that will explode if touched are rampant, very much like the ancient books.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

In the Lihuo Territory in the Tianbagua Killing Formation, those faceless monsters that are bound to explode are suspected to be alien species born from Lihuo..."

Naimertai became more and more impatient when he heard the veteran chattering about hanging up the book bag.

As a werewolf aristocrat, how could he know the obscure way of gossip, but in order to find out the truth, he had to listen patiently.

After eloquently showing off his sense of superiority for a long time, his mouth was dry when he said it, and the veteran of the shovel finally concluded, "...the so-called nature is born with mutual generation and mutual restraint. Since the faceless monster is born in the desperate situation of Lihuo Alien species will naturally be accompanied by a fatal restraint to it, as long as you find that restraint, you may find a life door to leave the evil realm."

Naimertai and Jinjiaba Yala couldn't help being overjoyed after hearing this.

As long as you can get out of this ghost place, nothing else matters.

Situ Hongyi took out a folding fan from nowhere, opened it coquettishly and fanned it melodiously, and said with a smile, "Since we have found a way to leave, how about we work together again?"

Namurtai heard the subtext of this sentence.

collaboration?

It is Situ Hongyi who can take everyone away, how can we cooperate?

It was clearly threatening him to hand over the command of the team.

But Namurtai is not worried about this.

The golden-armored Bayara warrior can only be loyal to him forever, and it doesn't matter even if Situ Hongyi temporarily gains the command.

So Namurtai nodded readily and agreed.

When Situ Hongyi heard the answer he wanted, he laughed wildly, closed the folding fan with a bang, pointed forward, and said with a vigorous smile, "Since we have seen through the secret, there is no need to delay, let's go immediately!"


Yuan Yutang felt the heat inside his body was unbearably hot, and his mouth was dry and sore.

Opening his eyelids with difficulty, he was so frightened that he woke up in an instant.

He clearly remembered that before he lost consciousness, he was being entangled and hanged by a thread of death by a weeping girl at sea, why did he just open his eyes and then turn around and appear in a vast desert?

A round of bright sun hangs on the whitish and distorted sky, relentlessly evaporating vicious heat.

The boundary between the heaven and the earth seems to be a seamless one, and there is boundless yellow sand as far as the eye can see.

The rough gravel under his body absorbed a lot of heat and became boiling hot.

Caught off guard, Yuan Yutang was so hot that he screamed, his thoughts were confused and his heart was like numbness for a while.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

After only a short while, he was so scorched by the oncoming heat wave that he had difficulty breathing.

It was too late to think about why he miraculously survived. If he didn't want to become a mummy in the desert, he had to find a water source as soon as possible.

He got up with difficulty and staggered forward.

From the ground to the sky, the ubiquitous high-temperature scorching made the water in his body evaporate quickly. After walking a hundred steps, he found that his physical strength was rapidly draining.

This discovery immediately made him panic.

Hastily took off the nearly scrapped Xuan-level cassock and wrapped it around his head and face, only then did he feel less unbearably hot.

There seems to be a fire burning in the throat, and every breath feels pain in the lungs.

Such a desperate situation, it is not an exaggeration to say that it is hell.

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and trekked in the vast desert.

It was also fortunate that his life should not be terminated, and not long after he left, the fatal sun slowly sank.

Yuan Yutang, who was almost dehydrated by the roast, slumped down like a deflated ball, and he was unwilling to get up even though the hot yellow sand under his body caused severe pain to his skin.

It's not that he gave up struggling, but that he was really exhausted.

If he had to choose between the treacherous sea before and the desert now, he would rather die in the sea than stay in the desert for a second.

The torment like being in a furnace is even more painful than Ling Chi.

With his current physical fitness and willpower, he couldn't survive. One can imagine how terrifying the desert is.

Smacking his chapped lips, Yuan Yutang felt as if several mountains were being weighed down on him, and he didn't even have the strength to move his fingers.

The heat wave is gradually cooling down, and it doesn't take long for him to enjoy it.

The temperature suddenly dropped, and the pleasant and refreshing cool wind instantly turned into a biting cold wind.

Yuan Yutang didn't have any mental preparations, and was blown cold like a knife by the cold wind.

No, if there is no shelter from the wind, he will freeze to death here.

Thinking of this terrible consequence, no matter how exhausted he was, he could only struggle to get up and seek shelter from the wind.

The so-called saying that surviving a catastrophe will bring good fortune is true.

Yuan Yutang was lucky enough to find a leeward cave nearby.

However, when he stepped into the cave, he was shocked suddenly.

Blessings never come, misfortunes never come singly!

The cave was actually densely packed with hideous and terrifying mummies! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		