

The twelve evil spirits were all eradicated, and the disaster in Anmin Village was naturally relieved. The villagers who had been frightened for a long time heard the news, and they were very grateful to the twelve ghost-slaying guards, and even more grateful to Yuan Yutang, a master of the Taoist sect, and begged Thank you in person.

Facing the fanatical villagers, it was neither right nor wrong for Men Hulu and the others to stop them, and Yuan Yutang had to come forward to appease them in the end.

Guo Liang, the old villager, knew that Yuan Yutang was inconvenient, so he tried to persuade the villagers for a long time before he persuaded the villagers to go home.

After working until midnight, Yuan Yutang was able to rest.

It was late at night, and the outside temperature dropped sharply. A small stove was lit in the carriage, and top-quality smokeless white charcoal was added to bake the carriage as warm as spring.

Yuan Yutang sat down cross-legged, resting the back of his hands on his knees, pinched the formulas with his palms facing up, presenting the Taoist three-talent Dharma stake as a whole.

His eyes were slightly closed, he held his breath, and his chest and abdomen followed a special rhythm, rising and falling slowly and continuously. Yuan Yutang seemed to be practicing Taoist exercises.

There seemed to be an inexplicable rhythm in the carriage, and the little Badger, who was sleeping soundly beside him, seemed to have noticed something, and his little face was tangled into a ball, half happy in his sleep.

After a while, he opened his eyes with a wry smile, and the lively rhythm in the carriage disappeared in vain.

Failed again.

This is his twenty-seventh attempt to practice the "Lihuo Pure Yang Kung Fu" recorded in the master's secret book, and the result is still the same as usual. He can clearly feel the aura floating between heaven and earth, and the operation route of the kung fu is also accurate. It is unable to absorb spiritual energy into the body.

To be precise, no matter how much spirit energy you absorb, it will dissipate after a while.

This is very incomprehensible, just like the wedding night in the bridal chamber, when facing the beautiful girl who is as beautiful as a jade, who is ready to be picked by you, suddenly the Eastern Hierarch possesses her body, can't lift her small head, and feels uncomfortable vomiting blood.

Yuan Yutang lay down slumped.

In fact, he felt it when he failed in the first practice. His physique seemed to be unusual. If the cultivation qualifications of ordinary people were compared to puddles, ponds, rivers, or even the sea, then his qualifications were full of loopholes. The water bottle, after the heaven and earth aura absorbed by Yungong enters the body, it cannot be stored at all.

Except for the self-contained mana endowed by the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art", it can be stored in the body.

But this mana is neither too much nor too little, as if it has its own definite number, and it cannot be cultivated by human beings at all.

If this conjecture is correct, it means that Yuan Yutang is unable to practice other exercises other than "Tiangang Secret Art".

The most tragic thing is that even the supernatural powers of "Tian Gang Secret Art" are not something he can cultivate if he wants to, and can only be opened by accumulating merit.

Closing his eyes in pain, Yuan Yutang could only accept this nonsense fact, and stop wasting time on training in vain.

Feeling extremely sleepy, Yuan Yutang was going to bed.

Knock knock!

Suddenly there was a knock on the window.

Yuan Yutang opened it and was stunned.

I saw Chitu was standing beside the car with his big head up, shaking his head. On top of his head stood a little white mouse wearing a pocket-sized Confucian shirt and a divine crown. After seeing Yuan Yutang, the little white mouse bowed deeply. , clasped fists with two little paws, and uttered words, "Respected guest, the head of the family is hosting a banquet at the Shoushan Mountain, and I am hereby specially ordered to invite you to attend."

Yuan Yutang narrowed his eyes and looked at the unusual little white mouse in front of him, and asked calmly, "Which god is your master?"

There is no doubt that the little white mouse is a goblin with cultivation base, but it is not the kind of wild and unruly mountain monster, who seems to have been edified by incense for a long time, but has a majestic and righteous atmosphere.

Moreover, Chitu is psychic and willing to let the little white mouse stand on his head is enough to show that it has no malicious intentions.

The little white mouse replied in a serious manner, "The head of the family is the Great Immortal of Shoushan Mountain. In the third year of Zhengde, he was ordered to enter the temple to protect the people with a radius of hundreds of miles around Shoushan Mountain from disaster and harm, and his merits are immeasurable."

Three years of Zhengde, that is, seventy-five years ago.

"May I ask your lord's name?" Yuan Yutang asked again.

"My surname is Huang."

"Which room did it come from?"

"The seventh room."

Yuan Yutang finally put his doubts to rest, and replied solemnly, "So, Mr. Lao will lead the way."

The little white mouse sat cross-legged on the head of the red rabbit, and led a man and a horse to Shoushan, which is more than ten miles away.

After entering the mountain, Yuan Yutang obviously felt that the surrounding aura became more intense, and the ordinary flowers, plants and trees around him seemed to be extraordinarily bright in color.

The mountain is not high, there is a god, there is spirit.

There are clearly gods sitting on this mountain.

A flat dirt road extends to the middle of the mountain, where there is a quaint temple that looks a little old.

In front of the temple gate stood a middle-aged man with an e-gold belt, presumably he was here specially waiting for distinguished guests to come to his door.

When they got closer, the middle-aged man was the first to greet him and said, "Old man Huang Qisu has been waiting for a long time, and I have seen Daoist Yuji."

Yuan Yutang unhurriedly got off his horse, bowed his head solemnly and said, "Wuliang Tianzun, Mr. Huang is waiting for you. Poor Dao Yujizi is very polite."

It was rare to see Yuan Yutang greet the ceremony with formal Taoist etiquette in such a grand manner, which shows that this middle-aged man has a special status.

"Tonight there is a bright moon in the sky, and the breeze is pleasant. On such a beautiful day, there should be a great white light.

The old man hosted a banquet tonight to entertain friends from all parties, and it happened that Daoist Yuji was here, so he took the liberty of disturbing Daoist Qingxiu.

The banquet has already begun, please move to the seat. "

The middle-aged man who called himself Huang Qisu invited him politely.

"So, thank you." Yuan Yutang said solemnly.

The two of them, one horse and one mouse, strode into the temple.

There are also caves in the temple, carved beams and painted buildings, which are beautiful. There is a large banquet in the main hall, full of guests, the waiters work on the ground to serve food and wine, the guests talk and talk, and the atmosphere is extremely lively.

When Yuan Yutang saw this scene for the first time, his pupils shrank slightly, and then he regained his composure.

Because the guests seated at the banquet are all grotesque monsters.

There are rock giants who sit cross-legged and are almost higher than the beams of the house, there are also tree spirits with the body and human head, and there are even half-human half-snake snake spirits and rabbit monsters in robes. And, but unusually harmonious.

It wasn't surprising for all the monsters to see this stranger Yuan Yutang coming. They drank and ate what they should, and the enthusiastic atmosphere didn't stagnate at all.

Huang Qisu personally led Yuan Yutang to the seat below and to the left of the chief, and then returned to the chief seat. The little white mouse followed suit and took the initiative to serve wine as the wine officer.

Yuan Yutang sat down cross-legged calmly, as if he had no fear of being in the monster's den.

The so-called skilled person is bold, he has even killed the clones of big monsters with a cultivation base of more than 500 years, so how can he be afraid of these less popular goblins and monsters here.

Sitting next to Yuan Yutang was a drunken monkey monster, who was drinking a jar of wine and blushing, suddenly seeing a whole life of people in the banquet, he couldn't help chatting curiously, "Eh? May I ask where you practiced in the Xianshan Cave Mansion? Have you ever heard of my name, Henghe Taisui?"

Most of the monkeys can't change their stubborn temper after becoming mature, and they want to prove their prestige when they catch someone.

Yuan Yutang smiled slightly, and was just about to tell the truth, when suddenly he had a sudden impulse, pretending to be solemn, "Brother Monkey doesn't know something, Tai Sui is a great evil from ancient times, people in the world are ignorant, often use Tai Sui as a nickname, and think they are very powerful, but they don't know how long it will last It will damage one's own luck, which is really unwise."

The monkey monster was stupefied by Yuan Yutang's ostentatious intimidation. It was not very bright at first, but at this time it was so drunk that it scratched its ears and scratched its cheeks anxiously, "Hiss~ what should I do? I'm out of the house. Without a famous name, how can I show my prestige? Since brother can point out the shortcomings, there must be a solution, as long as you help me think of a prestige nickname again, then I owe you a big favor!"

What Yuan Yutang was waiting for was this sentence, and the mischievous joke broke out, and he muttered with a bluffing face, "Meeting is fate, since Brother Monkey sincerely asks for help, then I will think about it, but let me declare in advance, in case I don't think well , Brother Monkey, don’t be offended.”

"That's natural, I'm not a mountain wild monster, and I know how to be polite!" The monkey monster nodded in agreement hastily.

Yuan Yutang suppressed a smile, pretended to be thinking, and suddenly said excitedly, "Well... yes! I suddenly thought of a good nickname that is both resounding and majestic but not harmful to my own luck. Do you want to hear it, brother monkey?"

The interaction with the monkey monster has long attracted the attention of the nearby monsters, and before the monkey monster could answer, an impatient porcupine monster rushed to answer, "Little brother, don't be fooled, hurry up, my old pig will spend a lot of time waiting!" Thank you all~"

Yuan Yutang chuckled, "Brother Monkey is capable of pulling up mountains, has great supernatural powers, goes to heaven and earth, and is fearless. Why not enlarge the layout a bit, live as long as heaven and earth, grow as long as gods and Buddhas, and call him 'Equal to Heaven', how?"

As soon as the words fell, there was a large sound of gasping all around.

Especially the monkey monster, upon hearing these words, the blood in his body seemed to boil instantly, and the fur on his body exploded, and his blood yelled wildly, "Hahahaha, live the same life as the heaven and the earth, grow as long as the gods and Buddhas, the great sage who is equal to the sky? Great Sage! From now on, I will call him the Great Sage Equaling Heaven!!!”

Suddenly, something seemed to come down in the hall from somewhere, and then an invisible wave of air suddenly surged, sweeping all directions, the monkey demon seemed to be trapped in a magic barrier, his eyes were dull and dull, and his cultivation level rose uncontrollably. The realm broke through rapidly all the way, and it didn't stop until it almost touched the threshold of the Great Demon Realm.

As soon as such a strange scene appeared, all the monsters in the audience were stunned.

Even Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded.

I didn't expect him to cause such a change on a whim.

The monkey demon laughed wildly, his eyes regained his clarity, and the violent aura that was released quickly recovered, and he transformed into a thin young man. He clasped his fists and bowed solemnly to the stunned Yuan Yutang, and said in a concentrated voice, "Thank you, Your Excellency. Giving a name to enlighten the great kindness, this kindness is as important as the earth, thicker than the emperor!

The kindness should have been repaid immediately, but the situation was temporarily broken, and the realm was not consolidated, so he needed to retreat and practice hard.

So I solemnly swear to the sky that I will help you three times for free in the future, and if you want to find me, come to Henghe! "

The monkey demon immediately turned around and looked around, and laughed loudly, "Everyone, I'm going to be the Great Sage Equaling Heaven, there will be a time later!"

"Hahaha~"

Laughing wildly, the monkey demon turned into a golden whirlwind, quickly flew out of the hall, and disappeared without a trace.

The hall seemed to be in a state of stagnation, no matter if it was a human or a monster, everyone was dumbfounded, and a needle could be heard.

After a long time, an old sika deer demon came to his senses first, stared at Yuan Yutang with piercing eyes, and muttered to himself, "Begging to be sealed can have such a miraculous effect? ​​Where are you from?" The reincarnation of a saint, the luck is so strong?"

After being murmured by the sika deer demon, all the monsters present cast their eyes on Yuan Yutang, which really made him experience the feeling of a Tang monk strayed into the demon den.

Yuan Yutang:? ? ?


		