

There is no heaven in this world, and the mountains and rivers are all gods.

This is the consensus of all warlocks, and it is also a keynote of this world.

Since ancient times, attaining Taoism and ascension has been the ultimate dream of all living beings.

Ascension means detachment from eternal life, free and easy in the world, not from the so-called heaven.

Therefore, there is no such thing as a heaven where immortals gather in folklore.

At the same time, it is important to point out that the various gods invited by the Taoist disciples to open the altar are not to rescue soldiers from the heaven, but to communicate with the mighty power of the heaven and the earth, and to temporarily borrow the spiritual power of the heaven and the earth to achieve their goals. The mantra of God is only for the purpose of identifying the spiritual characteristics to be borrowed.

Although there is no heaven, there are actually countless gods in the world.

The gods here do not refer to gods, but can be interpreted as all things have spirits.

This spirit means God.

Spirits are not only possessed by living things, but those that exist in the world and have a long history can be born with spirits. The difference is only in strength, that is, the gods of mountains, rivers and rivers in legend.

Although gods have a long lifespan, they are not endless, and they have a fatal weakness.

Although he surpassed all living beings from the starting line from the beginning of his birth, he couldn't walk against the sky step by step like a flesh and blood spirit.

Moreover, the progress of the gods' cultivation is extremely slow, and their potential is less than that of flesh and blood spirits. They often go through vicissitudes of life, and the years go by, until their spirituality is exhausted, they still cannot prove their way and ascend, and die in depression.

Since the rise of the human race, the wise gods have found another way to find another theoretically feasible path of detachment.

That is to accept the seal of the emperor in the world, enter the temple, receive incense, bind oneself with the luck of the dynasty, live the same life as the country, use the luck of the dynasty to feed oneself back, and speed up the progress of practice.

This road seems to be smooth, but it is still a mirror image after all.

When luck is exhausted, there will never be a long and prosperous dynasty in the world.

The gods of mountains, rivers, lakes and seas must live and die with the dynasty while enjoying the fortune of the dynasty.

Once the dynasty is updated and iterated, it will either be backlashed by luck and die, or it will be suppressed by the new dynasty if it survives.

Throughout the ages, there have been very few gods who have successfully transcended and ascended on this small path of imperial seal.

Moreover, the gods who can be sealed by the emperor of the world are considered good.

It needs to be known that there are so many mountains, rivers and seas in Shenzhou, which also means that there are countless wild gods, and there are also countless fortunes in the dynasty, and they will never randomly enshrine the righteous gods to divert their own luck.

Therefore, the gods who can be sealed are often those who made great contributions to the new dynasty in the early days of the founding of the country, or famous mountains, lakes and seas, and these are rare.

The gods who cannot be granted can only be reduced to the wild gods of obscene temples. The road to enlightenment is more than ten thousand times more difficult than that of the righteous gods.

The wolf tribe originated from the western foot of the Tianshan Mountains in Saibei, commonly known as the Black Mountains. In the ancient mountains and forests that stretch for thousands of miles, wild gods are as vast as smoke, and they are known as one hundred thousand mountain gods.

However, there are countless wild gods that have not yet been sealed in the Great Xia territory, where will they get the turn of these poor and evil masters?

Therefore, these desperate wild gods chose to work together with the wolf clan, even more eager than the wolf clan themselves to become the master of Shenzhou, to overthrow the regime of the Xia people, and to rectify their names in the temple.

And the link between the wild gods and the wolf clan is the tribal wizard passed down from generation to generation!


Ackley looked at Tongshan Pass looming in the distance under the night, his eyes were hot and his mood was agitated.

If there is no accident, his name Ackley will be remembered by history after tomorrow.

Because he was creating a miracle in the history of the war between the Xia and Wolf clans!

Since the seventh generation of his ancestors, Akele's ancestors have been the coat servants of the Hehenala family in Tushanbu, so after his birth, he also became the loyal coat servant of Naimertai, the current head of the Hehenala family.

Although Bao Yi is said to be a servant, compared to a real servant, he is undoubtedly more like a "second-class nobleman" under the orthodox nobles.

In addition to the need to be loyal to the master, Baoyi directly controls the rest of the servants of all classes. Those who can study literature and martial arts, join the army and become an official, as long as they have enough credit, they may even be promoted to the noble class.

This is not an idiot's dream talk, but there are real examples.

So, every coated slave is even more eager to make contributions than the wolf nobles in power.

Naimertai has been ambitious since he came to power. This is well known in the entire wolf clan. It not only helped the Tushan tribe get rid of the past decline, but also strengthened the Tushan tribe to the top three of the seven tribes.

Now that the three banners of the Tushan tribe are strong and strong, it means that there are more opportunities to stand out.

A soldier who doesn't want to be a general is not a good soldier, and a soldier who doesn't want to become a noble is not a good soldier.

With a rare opportunity to lead the army independently, Ackley was not willing to satisfy the military order that only delayed the Situ Shanu Department for seven days.

He wants to rely on the absolute inferior force of three elite Jiala and 10,000 weak auxiliary soldiers from the Zhenglan Banner to conquer the tough bone of Tongshan Pass by himself!

The biggest support for him to realize his ambition is the witch Tie Muzhen who Naimertai specially left behind for him...

And one hundred thousand mountain gods from the ancestral veins of Montenegro!

Compared to the fanatical Ackley, the witch Tie Muzhen is not as optimistic as he is.

A pair of cloudy old eyes exposed under the mask of the evil ghost hinted at worry.

In the confrontation between the two clans of Xia and Wolf, they are fighting for the orthodoxy of luck, the winner and the loser.

But in this kind of peak battle that is related to the fate of the country, she does not think that relying on heresy can play a decisive role.

It is undeniable that the red-eyed Black Mountain Wild God is a force to be reckoned with.

But don't forget that since ancient times, there has been a saying that evil spirits can destroy all evil spirits. Even the butcher's butcher's knife has a legend of restraining evil spirits, let alone a soldier who survived a hundred deaths on the battlefield.

Soldiers and warriors make a living by killing and fighting, and with blood on their hands, they will naturally have evil spirits around them. It is a bit exaggerated to say that all evils and evils are eliminated, but it is true to restrain the wild gods of improper background.

100% of Wild God's skills will be discounted by at least half in the face of military strategists and warriors.

Otherwise, who would have painstakingly trained soldiers to fight for world supremacy, wouldn't it be over if they just hugged the wild god's thigh?

Fighting for supremacy on the battlefield ultimately depends on the national strength and generals of both sides, especially in major battles, and wild gods will never be able to control the outcome of the battle.

The real purpose of Naimertai's keeping Tie Muzhen was to prevent Situ Shanu from sending brilliant warlocks to assassinate the general Ackley, not to let her help Ackley attack the city.

As long as Ackley executes the procrastination task safely, he can record a great achievement.

Although Namurtai had a good idea, he couldn't stand Ackley's eagerness to make contributions. Relying on the kindness of his ancestors to Tie Muzhen, he spent several days softly and hard, and finally Tie Muzhen nodded and agreed to make a move.

But Tie Muzhen remained skeptical about how much effect it would have.


At this time, the sergeant at Tongshan Pass hadn't noticed that the crisis was approaching, and Situ Shanu and Yuan Yutang were still chatting and beating on the top of the tower.

Suddenly, a sharp sound of horns tore through the quiet night sky.

"Enemy Attack~Enemy Attack~"

"Everyone prepares for battle~"

Suddenly, the two Yuan Yutang, who were still relaxed just now, raised their minds in an instant, and jumped down from the top of the pavilion.

"But the barbarians launched a night attack?" Situ Shanu grabbed a soldier who was running past in a hurry, and asked sharply.

Seeing Situ killing the slaves, the soldiers were instinctively overjoyed, and said incoherently with excitement, "Lord Chief Soldier, something is wrong, it's not the night attack of the wolf tribe and barbarian slaves, but, but... ouch, the villain's stupid I really can’t speak clearly, come with me~”

As he spoke, the soldiers grabbed Situ Shanu's sleeves and rushed towards the observation platform on the city wall.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang hastened to follow.

Before they reached the observation deck, a thick white mist suddenly spread over at an extremely fast speed, and the blurred visibility at night suddenly became blurred.

Situ Shanu's heart tightened, he instinctively sensed that something was wrong, he knew that the wolves might have to make an out-of-the-box move, he hurriedly pushed away the panicked soldiers, rushed to the edge of the observation platform according to memory, leaned forward to watch, and sternly shouted, "What the hell happened, who the hell can tell me?"

"Master Chief Soldier!"

At this time, Huang Feilong also arrived in a hurry with a group of guards, and explained anxiously, "Just now, the sentry found no less than three thousand barbarian slaves approaching the city gate in the dark, but before he could see the details, a sudden burst of The strange fog rushed in at a very fast speed, and the subordinates rushed over immediately after receiving the notification, but they are still confused."

Yuan Yutang frowned, and interjected, "These unusual white mist, with weak mana fluctuations, are obviously made by warlocks. Brother, you need to be careful."

Hearing the words, Situ Shanu slammed his fist on the battlements of the observation deck, immediately punching a big hole, and said through gritted teeth, "These damned barbarians play tricks when they can't take advantage of a frontal battle. No wonder they are attacking the city these days." The strength is greatly reduced, so it is to paralyze us!"

In a short while, Situ Shanu regained his composure, and ordered in an orderly manner, "Boys, everyone in the world knows that the wolf clan is the most powerful soldier in the world, but I, Situ Shanu, don't believe in this evil!

To me, our Northeast Frontier Army is the number one army in the world!

The barbarian slaves of the wolf tribe are just like that. They were almost overthrown by the general three days ago, and now they know that they are no match for our lords in a head-to-head confrontation, so they engage in these crooked ways!

So, I will ask you a question!

The opportunity to make meritorious deeds has come to your door, do you want to take it or not? "

A good general can play an unimaginable role in the army, just like Situ Shanu at this time. In the face of the chaos, he is calm and unhurried. His confident and unruly words are very contagious, and soon healed the flustered hearts of hundreds of soldiers nearby. .

“Take~Take~Take~”

Encouraged by Situ Shanu, the eyes of hundreds of soldiers showed eager light, it was the look of yearning for military exploits, and each of them wished to kill all directions immediately.

Morale improved, Situ Shanu struck while the iron was hot, and a series of military orders were conveyed in an orderly manner, including Huang Feilong rushing to various places on the city wall to hold his positions, so as not to change.

Only Yuan Yutang, Situ Shanu and his three soldiers were left at the scene.

Or maybe it was something safe, Yuan Yutang noticed that the corners of Situ Shanu's eyes twitched slightly, maybe he was not as calm and composed as he looked.

Now that he recognized Situ Shanu as his big brother, he couldn't stay out of the country at the critical moment concerning the safety of Tongshan Pass, so he immediately decided to protect Situ Shanu every step of the way.

At this moment, Yuan Yutang suddenly saw an indistinct figure emerge from the white mist, like a poisonous snake coming out of a hole, it rushed towards Situ Shanu fiercely.

"Brother, be careful!"

Yuan Yutang started it suddenly, and rushed out like lightning.


		