

"It's actually you??"

Situ Hongyi was so shocked that he couldn't imagine why the person in front of him would suddenly appear, let alone why she would sneak attack him.

With a face like a peach blossom, graceful and graceful, the attacker is suddenly Linglong who was sent away by the old man with a big mouth! !

"My lord, I want to spoil you~"

Linglong smiled like a flower, and her small cherry mouth spoke affectionately sweet words, but her white and tender snow-like hands did not relax at all, they tightly grasped the handle of the dagger, and twisted it fiercely.

"Woo~"

Situ Hongyi was suddenly in severe pain, his body was trembling and he couldn't move, his handsome face couldn't help but wrinkle into a ball.

Seeing Situ Hongyi's painful expression, Linglong laughed morbidly excitedly, her eyes were extremely cold, and her little hands even turned white from excessive force.

In fact, she came here earlier than anyone else, and Jukousou kindly left her a high-grade magic weapon dagger.

Knowing that someone might come again, Linglong hibernates on purpose.

As expected, Yuan Yutang and Naimertai soon appeared one after another, and as soon as the two met, they fought like dogs.

It's a pity that just when she was expecting Yuan Yutang to be beaten to death by Naimertai, Situ Hongyi and the three unexpectedly saved his life by mistake.

Later, Situ Hongyi went up the mountain alone. Knowing Situ Hongyi's love of eating alone, she decided to follow him. She didn't expect to have a pleasant surprise. After hearing Situ Hongyi talking to himself about the great secret of how to control the secret realm, she Decisively choose to shoot.

That dagger was really extraordinary, it actually directly pierced through the double defense of the translucent shield and the protective mana, and it worked, which made her ecstatic.

Linglong is not only ruthless, but also as ambitious as any man.

If there is a chance to kill them all, she will never show mercy.

Moreover, it is not a matter of a day or two for her to want to kill Situ Hongyi. Before, she had to compromise because her foundation was destroyed and she could not survive.

She hated Yuan Yutang, and even more hated her self-willed and depraved, tactful Chenghuan self. Since she couldn't kill herself, then kill Situ Hongyi!

As long as Situ Hongyi dies, no one will know about his humble past!

Moreover, Situ Hongyi is still the biggest obstacle on the way to seek opportunities, how can he let it go?

"Young master, my family really wants this great opportunity. Don't you love my family very much? Didn't you say that you can give me anything my family asks for?" Linglong murmured as if she was intimate in a lover's world. Hong Yi whispered softly in his ear.

"You must count what you said~ The slave family wants the son's life now, and the son will complete the slave family~"

Situ Hongyi was startled and angry, his face was grim in pain, his heart felt a chill, and his mind was filled with a question:

How dare this lowly maidservant kill herself?

Before he could utter the question, Linglong's face suddenly turned cold, and she pulled out the sharp dagger that didn't drip blood, and then stabbed it hard.

Pull out, poke in, pull out, poke in...

Soon Situ Hongyi's back was stabbed to pieces, bleeding profusely.

The expression on Situ Hongyi's face was frozen, his eyes were wider than a cow's, and he lost his breath full of unwillingness.

Linglong was sprayed all over by Situ Hongyi's blood, her pretty face was flushed red, and she actually had a shockingly charming attitude.

Throwing Situ Hongyi's body away on a plate like trash, she cut her wrist decisively and watched the blood dripping from the wound on the ordinary stone tablet with a blank face.

As soon as the blood touched the stele, it seemed to trigger a strong reaction, and a dazzling golden light suddenly burst out.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Break through the sky directly.


Time went back to when Situ Hongyi had just left.

The fierce battle on the battlefield divided by Yamashita is imminent.

Yuan Yutang played against Tuqian Sanren.

Naimertai played against 'Unable to Dig'.

The first battles broke out between Yuan Yutang and Tu Que Sanren.

rumbling~

The ground inside the stone pillar cage trembled violently, like an earth dragon turning over, followed by countless bamboo shoot-like sharp earth thorns emerging from the ground.

Yuan Yutang was startled suddenly, and at the very moment of the moment, he used his agility, jumping back and forth like acrobatics on earth thorns, thus avoiding the end of being stabbed into a hornet's nest.

However, he survived the catastrophe and his face was extremely ugly, because there was no place for awl to stand under his feet, it was full of sharp soil thorns all over the place.

The soil-queering man was perpendicular to the ground as if defying the gravity of the earth, hanging obliquely on a two-foot-high soil thorn, hugging his arms and laughing strangely, "The response is good, I haven't exercised my muscles and bones for a long time, and I can't kill it all at once. It's fun."

Yuan Yutang held the two soil thorns in both hands to keep his balance, stared at the arrogant Tu Que Sanren for a moment, then took a deep breath, kicked his feet backwards, and shot out like an arrow.

The earth-deficient man can use spells, but he can't. If he doesn't turn passive into active as soon as possible, he will be killed sooner or later.

In order to break through the predicament, he chose to take the initiative.

The Tuqian Sanren was stunned by Yuan Yutang's abnormal behavior, and immediately said with a sinister smile, "You deserve to be a heroic young man who dared to fight against thousands of troops alone. If so, then don't blame me for bullying the small."

"Earth killing, a thousand cuts!"

In an instant, strong mana fluctuations filled every inch of the ground, followed by countless soil thorns reorganizing rapidly as if melting, and countless sharp mudstone blades suddenly formed.

All of a sudden, countless mudstone blades shot from the ground, forming a dense blade net in the air, covering Yuan Yutang, blocking all his escape routes.

The battle of life and death has always been the most tempering. After the desperate fight with Naimertai just now, Yuan Yutang's understanding of boxing techniques has broken through again, which is also the greatest confidence he dares to rely on.

Facing the imminent net of death blades, Yuan Yutang appeared calm and calm, and his energy was extremely concentrated. Suddenly, it seemed that the flow of time had become extremely slow. He clearly saw the reality of each blade of mud and stone moving, and instantly had a countermeasure.

I saw Yuan Yutang let out a violent roar, his muscles exploded instantly as if he was full of explosives, he accelerated in the air like an inconceivable one, and flew into the net of death knives without hesitation, his fists were struck out at a high speed, and the shadow of his fists instantly covered the sky.

Bang bang bang bang bang!

In an instant, there was a violent collision sound in the air, and countless fist shadows collided fiercely with mudstone blades, blasting violent winds, and even the air was rubbed and burned due to the extremely fast collision, sparks flew, and gravel flew wildly.

Yuan Yutang hits fast, every time he strikes, he hits the most vulnerable part of the mudstone blade with incomparable precision, and smashes all of them before being approached. Sometimes twisting and bending over, sometimes stepping sideways, his fists smashed most of the mud and rock blades that came like a torrential rain, and he avoided the mud and rock blades that were too late to be crushed by his body skills, and defended without a drop of water. Falling, getting closer and closer to the soil-queering scattered people.

Tuque Sanren was very surprised by Yuan Yutang's sudden change, and at the same time realized that he could no longer play.

Suddenly he became serious, squeezed the Jue with his hands, recited the mantra with his mouth, and tapped it five times in quick succession.

"Mud Killing Mudstone Terracotta Warriors!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he saw five wriggling earth bags bulging in front of Tu Que Sanren.

The dirt bag grew bigger and bigger, and soon became a stone cocoon the height of two people.

"Roar~"

five

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

A terrible roar that does not sound like a human creature came from the stone cocoon, and then five huge mudstone soldiers wearing rock armor and holding sharp stone knives will break out of the cocoon.

"go!"

Tu Qu San Xin controlled mud and stone terracotta warriors, and issued a commanding statement.

Upon receiving the order, the five mudstone warriors took heavy steps one after another, roaring and rushing towards the gravel like locust knife net.


Yuan Yutang and Tu Que Sanren fought fiercely, while Naim Ertai and Dubutong fell into a strange silence.

Naimertai had nothing to fear, openly healed his wounds in front of the face of 'digging through'.

The ugly old face of 'Unable to Dig' was as dark as the bottom of a pot, and he wanted to do it, but he was afraid of Namurtai's terrible reputation, so he hesitated for a while.

Feeling recovered, Namurtai cursed impatiently, "Old man, either roll back to your master with your tail between your legs and beg for mercy, or just do it, I don't have so much time to waste with you! "

It seemed that the self-esteem was stung by the words of begging for mercy, and 'I couldn't get through' finally made up his mind.

Gritting his teeth, he took out a small pure black coffin from his bosom, and 'digged' viciously smashed the small black coffin towards Namurtai.

Naimertai smiled bluntly, regardless of whether the little black coffin had other secrets, he raised his fist and punched it.

touch~

With such a powerful punch, even if the small black coffin was made of pure steel, it would be smashed to pieces, and it would be shattered immediately after being hit.

"what?"

Nam Ertai suddenly let out a surprise, and found that there was actually a small baby mummy in the small coffin, and the mummy was hit by his fist and it was safe and sound.

"Gah~"

The baby mummy seemed to be awakened from a deep sleep, and let out a horrifying cry, and then its small body lay on the back of Namurtai's hands and feet, and opened its small shriveled mouth full of sharp teeth to bite.

"Ah~"

Nam Ertai cried out in pain like an electric shock, struggling to get rid of that weird baby mummy.

The baby's mummified body grew in the flesh like a necrosis, and it couldn't be shaken off at all.

Moreover, the speed of the baby mummy's gnawing was extremely fast, and a big hole was gnawed out of the back of Naimertai's hand in the blink of an eye.

Namurtai was heartbroken, and his other hand struck out like lightning, pinching the body of the baby's mummy, which was no bigger than a palm, and squeezed it hard.

Immediately, he was shocked again.

With his grip strength, it's really strange that he couldn't crush the baby's mummy alive.

At this moment, the baby mummy had already gnawed off the flesh on the back of his hand, and began to gnaw on his bones.

Even though he has experienced many battles, Naimertai has never encountered such a wicked thing.

In order to keep that hand, he could only use brute force to pull the baby mummy off the back of the hand.

Tear~

This time he tried his best, and finally got rid of the baby's mummy, with a large piece of flesh and blood attached.

Naimertai roared and threw the baby mummy out, covering his bloody arms and gasping for air.

The baby mummy rolled in the air, with a small body but a big belly, licked its lips comfortably, and immediately let out a scream in the air.

"Wow~"

Immediately afterwards, at a speed visible to the naked eye, the baby mummy, which was not yet full-term, actually grew rapidly, and when it landed, it had grown into the size of a seven or eight-year-old child.

With red fangs, copper skin and iron bones, the evil spirit is astonishing.

Namurtai suddenly remembered a sorcery in the Central Plains that the tribal wizard once told him.

Hit a boy! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		