

Midnight, the most cloudy time of the day, is also the time when demons and ghosts haunt and make trouble.

Dark clouds closed the moon, and the dense night seemed to overwhelm the earth.

Anmin Village under the night seems to be isolated from the world, with old and ruined mud tile houses, rugged dirt roads, and the surroundings are quiet and silent, as if shrouded in darkness.

A lantern hangs on a locust tree with a crooked neck at the head of the village. The dim flame flickers and fades, tenaciously providing a faint light.

Standing under the lantern are two mighty warriors in armor and wielding knives, separated left and right by the knives like door gods.

The two soldiers are very young. Although the surrounding area is lonely, they are still fully focused, trying to monitor any signs of trouble, and they look very majestic.

If you ignore the cigarettes dangling from their lips...

Due to the random entry of Yuan Yutang, a traveler, cigarettes landed in this era ahead of schedule.

After Situ Shanu had a taste of cigarettes, he never left his hand.

In the army, there is Situ Shanu as an example. Whether it is to please Shangfeng, or simply think that smoking cigarettes is cool, anyway, the cigarette trend has swept the entire Tongshan Pass.

In a short period of time, many sergeants have become old smokers.

I don't know if cigarettes will be popular throughout Daxia. If it is true, people will respect Yuan Yutang as the ancestor of cigarettes hundreds of years later.


Looking carefully, these two young soldiers are indeed the two stunned youths who almost smashed the postman by mistake last night.

The two are very similar in appearance, and they are brothers of the same mother.

The elder brother's name is Zhang Qing, and the younger brother's name is Zhang Lin. They are young and energetic, and they are usually brave in battle, so Mian Hulu was specially selected to perform tonight's special mission.

After a cigarette was exhausted, Zhang Lin weighed the bundle of wicker wrapped in red cloth in his hand a little bored, "Brother, it's late at night, so what are we waiting for here?"

Zhang Qing stood upright, and replied without squinting, "Where is there so much nonsense, the officer has orders, and we will carry them out, don't make any noise!"

After being scolded for no reason, Zhang Lin, who was out of character, curled his lips and didn't dare to retaliate, so he had to cheer up and continue to be vigilant.

Suddenly, Zhang Qing noticed a few blurred figures walking under the night in front of him, and he was shocked immediately, and shouted awe-inspiringly, "Who is in front?"

The few figures turned a deaf ear and continued to walk slowly.

Men Hulu had already ordered that anyone who behaves strangely if he dared to approach the village tonight would be shot to death.

The brothers of the Zhang family knew that it might be the master who came to the door. They held the weapons in their hands tightly, bowed their bodies slightly, and were ready to attack at any time. Zhang Qing issued a final warning, "Stop, and if you dare to move forward, don't blame a certain family for being ruthless!"

Those figures not only didn't stop after listening to it, but speeded up instead.

Zhang Lin was just eighteen years old this year, at the age when a newborn calf is not afraid of tigers. Seeing that the warning was ineffective, he couldn't hold back immediately.

Zhang Qing didn't allow his younger brother to take risks, so he resolutely followed.

Boom!

The low muffled sound shook the wilderness, and Zhang Lin was shocked to find that the figure was hit on the neck by him, and the whole head fell off. He couldn't help but stop and looked at the wicker bundle in his hand.

Is this a wicker bundle or a magical blade? There is such a sharp edge?

However, weird things happened one after another.

Instead of falling to the ground, the figure whose head had been smashed violently rushed towards Zhang Lin who was in a daze.

"Be careful, brother!"

In the blink of an eye, Zhang Lin felt a blur in front of his eyes, and saw his elder brother Zhang Qing rushing towards him, kicking the headless figure flying towards him.

Until now, the Zhang family brothers finally realized that something was wrong.

At this time, a gust of night wind blew past, the dark clouds in the sky were blown away, and the covered moonlight scattered on the ground, allowing the two of them to see clearly what those fuzzy figures were.

"Hiss~"

Zhang Lin took a sharp breath.

The attackers were five ragged ghosts with rotting flesh.

Without exception, all these ghosts have twisted and upside-down limbs, some have hands and feet that are out of place, and walk upside down, and some have their heads resting on their shoulders, and the head is a withered ghost hand.

The most horrifying thing is a ghost with dislocated limbs, hands, feet and torso all glued together like a human pillar. It just so happens that this ghost is the real master whose head was chopped off by Zhang Lin.

Even if the Zhang family brothers fought bloody corpse soldiers at Tongshan Pass, they couldn't help feeling chills down their backs.

Compared with his impetuous younger brother, his older brother Zhang Qing has a calmer personality, so he came to his senses the fastest and swiped the red cloth wicker bundle in his hand.

The surrounding ghosts seemed to be very afraid of the bundle of red cloth and wicker, and forced them back with grinning teeth.

"Don't be in a daze, follow me to kill ghosts!"

After forcing the group of ghosts back with one move, Zhang Qing knew that the red cloth and wicker bundles were unusual, so he yelled to remind his absent-minded brother, aiming at one of the ghosts and charging up.

After all, he is an elite who has experienced many battles, and Zhang Lin quickly overcomes the fear in his heart, and joins the battlefield shouting.

The Zhang brothers fought back and forth with the five ghosts.

Zhang Lin's eyes widened with anger, and he chased after the headless ghost with a bundle of red cloth and wicker.

The headless ghost scurried around like a headless fly. It wanted to kill Zhang Lin, but was also afraid of the red cloth and wicker bundles.

The fallen rotting limbs seemed to be alive, and they were about to separate and flee.

Zhang Lin next to him kicked away an entangled ghost. Seeing this scene, he suddenly had an idea, and quickly reached out for the cloth bag at his waist. Then he swung it hard, and a handful of bright red red beans shot to the ground like a rainstorm. Wriggling ghostly stumps.

puff~

scoff~

"Wow~"

Three weird voices sounded almost at the same time. As soon as the red beans soaked in the blood of the big rooster's pure yang touched the limbs of the ghost, it immediately melted like snow, and a large cloud of extremely smelly gray mist sizzled.

There were too many red beans attacking, and the ghost's stump had nowhere to escape, and it turned into a pus and blood amidst the screams of pain, and then disappeared.

The Zhang family brothers accidentally found a way to kill ghosts, and they were overjoyed immediately. The two joined hands to fight again, and defeated the remaining four ghosts.

"drink!"

Zhang Qing dodged the attack of a ghost with dislocated hands and feet, turned around and fought in all directions, and slammed into a hunchbacked ghost forced by Zhang Lin.

There was a bang, and the hunchbacked ghost howled and was smashed to pieces.

Not missing the opportunity, Zhang Lin threw out the blood-soaked red beans that he had been holding in his hand in time.

Zizi~

Another ghost drank hatred on the spot and turned into pus and blood.

Two ghosts were wiped out one after another, and the remaining three ghosts ran away in a frenzy.

Immediately, the wind was fierce and ghosts were howling.

The ghost went berserk, and the Zhang family brothers immediately felt a surge of pressure, and they were no longer as relaxed and calm as before.

However, the two did not panic, relying on the tacit cooperation of their brothers, calmly responded to the enemy, and fought inextricably with the three-headed ghosts.

Suddenly, a ghost turned into a cloud of Yin Qi and dived down to wrap around Zhang Lin's feet.

At that time, Zhang Lin was about to retreat, but was entangled in Yin Qi, immediately lost his balance and fell straight down.

The other two ghosts fighting with Zhang Qing abandoned their opponents at the same time, and attacked Zhang Lin with their teeth and claws.

"Ah~ Brother, save me~" Zhang Lin's life was hanging by a thread, howling in alarm.

Seeing that the younger brother was about to die under the claws of the ghost, Zhang Qing's eyes were about to split, and without thinking, he threw out the bundle of red cloth and wicker in his hand, and then rushed towards Zhang Lin with a tiger roar, trying to protect his younger brother with his own flesh and blood .

One ghost was repelled, but the other ghost came unhindered, opened its bloody mouth in an instant, and wanted to swallow the two in one mouthful.

Zhang Qing closed his eyes in despair, and firmly protected his younger brother with his body.

Just when Zhang Qing thought he was going to die, suddenly there was a scream in the air.

Huh~

The voice was fast and urgent, and it came in an instant.

Out of the corner of Zhang Qing's eyes, he saw a flame exploding extremely quickly, and immediately felt the flames erupting around him.

"Aww~"

Looking up in a daze, Zhang Qing saw that the ghost that was supposed to pounce on him was actually ignited into a human-shaped torch, howling and fluttering in the billowing flames, and soon evaporated on the spot.

"Ahem, don't be in a daze, get rid of those two ghosts!"

Suddenly, Zhang Qing was awakened by a weak cry. He turned his head quickly to look, but saw a thin figure standing under the locust tree with crooked neck at the entrance of the village, holding on to the trunk and panting heavily.

It turned out that Yuan Yutang secretly helped!

When Zhang Qing knew he wasn't in a daze, he hurriedly rolled over, untied the cloth bag on the way, found the ghost repelled by his red cloth wicker bundle by feeling, and scattered all the blood-soaked red beans in the cloth bag.

"Wow~"

Amidst the miserable howls, another haunted ghost flew away.

Zhang Lin almost put his elder brother to death, anxious and angry in his heart, without waiting to get up, he tore open the cloth bag containing the blood-soaked red beans, and swung it violently.

The blood-soaked red beans scatter down like a torrential rain, indiscriminately to the last ghost who turned into Yin Qi.

"Ah~"

The last ghost was also annihilated.

Before Er Zhang could come to his senses, the sound of violent footsteps came from the village. The two were still in shock, and they instinctively wanted to rush to protect Yuan Yutang, who had suffered from an old injury.

"Young master!"

As soon as they got up, the Zhang family brothers heard the familiar howl of the thick ore of the gourd, and when they looked closely, the person who came was really the gourd.

Men Hulu hurried to Yuan Yutang's side, blaming himself and yelling at the Zhang family brothers, "You two trash, you can't even solve this trivial matter, and you've even made your son hurt!"

Yuan Yutang's face was pale, and he coughed so hard that he couldn't help scolding, "You, shut up, how can you blame your brother like this!"

Mu Hulu snorted unconvinced, turned his head and stared at the bull's eye, and cursed at Er Zhang, "Why are you standing there stupidly, roll over and carry the young master back to the carriage!"

The Zhang family brothers hurried up, Zhang Qing picked up Yuan Yutang on his back without any explanation, and rushed towards the carriage.

Back on the carriage, Zhang Lin hurriedly found out the healing medicine, and carefully served Yuan Yutang to take it.

The strength of the medicine dissipated, and Yuan Yutang finally regained his strength.

The Zhang family brothers knelt and sat in the carriage at a loss, the hero who had never frowned even with weapons and weapons, was so guilty that he was on the verge of tears.

It was because all the guards were grateful to Dade Yuan Yutang for his contributions in the Battle of Tongshan Pass, and admired him from the bottom of their hearts, and would rather die than suffer any harm to him.

Yuan Yutang smiled weakly and comforted, "You two big brothers don't need to blame yourself. Killing the enemy on the battlefield is your home game. It's inevitable that you will accidentally miss your hands in order to defeat demons and demons. Don't let that bastard's anger go. In the heart."

Zhang Qing's eyes were red, and he said in a choked voice, "Master, it's useless for us brothers..."

"Okay, it's fine, don't say too much, let's go back..." Yuan Yutang waved his hand weakly and interrupted.

After the Zhang family brothers retreated, Yuan Yutang asked Mian Hulu, "Have the twelve evil spirits been dealt with?"

Men Hulu quickly nodded and said, "It's all solved. The Zhang family brothers and you killed five of them. I and other brothers killed seven in the village. None of them slipped through the net. I'm counting them all!"

"That's good, you go to rest too, I'm tired."

After the gourd left, Yuan Yutang took out "The Secret Technique of Tiangang", and there were indeed new images and records:

[In the early summer of the 17th year of Taikang Dynasty of the Great Xia Dynasty, kill twelve evil spirits and add five merits...]


		