

When the lightning exploded, Chen Sanmin was instantly knocked seven feet horizontally and hit the wall heavily. The whole cell trembled slightly, showing the ferocity of the force.

Yuan Yutang narrowly escaped death and hastily turned over from the ground to stand up on guard.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

When the lightning dissipated and a familiar voice sounded, Yuan Yutang was immediately overjoyed.

Squatting on the ground was a small black and white beast holding a calf licking a bright red persimmon in its small paws.

Who else is not Yuan Yutang's beloved Little Thunder Badger 'Brother Pingtou'?

Yuan Yutang picked up 'Pingtou Brother', kissed his chubby little face fiercely, and said excitedly, "I was looking forward to you, you did a great job!"

'Brother Pingtou' squinted his big eyes that were as dark as jewels, enjoying the long-lost caress of his master.

At this time, Zhuge Wolong came late, and when he saw 'Brother Pingtou', he was stunned and shouted in disbelief, "Here, this is the Thunder Badger cub?"

Yuan Yutang smiled proudly, "That's right, it's the descendant of the Thunder Badger, isn't it bad?"

Zhuge Wolong hesitated to speak, obviously knowing a lot about Thunder Badger's inside story, but finally heaved a sigh and didn't say much.

After getting close to 'Brother Pingtou' for a while, Yuan Yutang remembered that Chen Sanmin, who had a ghost upper body, had not been resolved, so he hurried over to check the situation.

The resentment of the dead ghost is very deep, if it is not handled properly, it may cause endless disasters.

And he has another conjecture, which can be verified by Chen Sanmin.

There was an obvious crack on the dirt-covered stone wall, and Chen Sanmin collapsed on the ground, lingering on his last breath.

Even though he was seriously injured and dying, those gray-white pupils were still extremely resentful, staring at Yuan Yutang who was coming.

Yuan Yutang hugged 'Brother Pingtou' and stared at the fierce Chen Sanmin with a serious expression.

With all the injuries like this and being so reckless, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but feel a headache.

Such a vicious death ghost, not to mention that he is seriously injured and unable to use mana now, even in his prime, he is not sure that he can use the low-level Taoist soul-crossing spell to supersede him.

But today is different from the past, he stole the tricks from the corpses of many warlocks before, so he happened to have a way to try.

As for the effect, it depends on the actual operation.

Time waits for no one, and with Chen Sanmin's injuries, he might burp anytime soon.

In case he died, the possessed dead ghost would definitely leave in the air, and it would be difficult to catch him again.

With a firm mind, Yuan Yutang acted immediately.

The first is to arrange for 'Brother Pingtou' to protect the law in case of emergencies.

Then he quickly cleaned the damp straw around Chen Sanmin.

The preliminary work is ready, and the next step is the main event.

Yuan Yutang suddenly put his left middle finger into his mouth and bit it hard. Under the severe pain, a fresh smell of blood rose in his mouth.

After biting his finger, Yuan Yutang squatted on the ground intently, and used his bleeding middle finger to carve a mysterious talisman on Chen Sanmin's body.

The so-called ten fingers connected to the heart, the middle finger is in the middle, and there is a vein leading directly to the heart, so it is the most yang energy in the human body.

In some hidden classics of Taoism, the blood of the middle finger is also named "Xue Lingzi", which has the magical effect of warding off evil spirits, keeping righteousness, and getting rid of evil spirits.

Yuan Yutang used the 'Xue Lingzi' to draw the talisman, with the purpose of replacing mana with his own yang energy, so that the talisman could function normally.

This method is called "Taishang Exorcising Ghosts and Misfortune Ritual", which comes from the "Sanmao Secret Code" that Zhao Gan, a disciple of the Sanmao sect who died in the battle, found on Fulong Mountain.

Soon a bloody talisman was drawn.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Zhuge Wolong looked on in amazement, and seeing Yuan Yutang suddenly stop, he couldn't help asking curiously, "My dear, why did you stop? If a certain family remembers correctly, you haven't stamped the most important talisman seal yet." .”

Yuan Yutang shook his head and smiled wryly.

It's not that he wants to be lazy, but that he doesn't have a gallbladder seal at all.

It is well known that orthodox Taoist priests will confer talismans after entering the religion, and only after conferring talismans can they be named Tiancao, have the priesthood of Taoism, and use the unique skills of the sect.

Among them, the exclusive seal is the one that best reflects the status of conferring.

Although Yuan Yutang has always regarded himself as a Taoist priest, he is not considered an orthodox Taoist disciple if he is not conferred.

Ordinary talismans lacking the seal of the gallbladder is harmless, but the spells of the Sanmao Sect do not have the seal of the gallbladder, so their power must be greatly reduced.

Now that things have happened, Yuan Yutang can only be a dead horse as a living horse doctor.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang cleared away distracting thoughts, visualized the Sanmao Patriarch who had never seen before in his mind, and began to recite the mantra sincerely.

In fact, the real "Taishang Exorcising Ghosts and Dispelling Misfortunes" is a regular Taoist ceremony for making sacrifices. The process is extremely cumbersome and complicated, but it was simplified by Yuan Yutang, and the effect must be discounted.

"All the ghosts in the world, listen to my orders, go farther away from the gods, and get closer to the ghosts. The world is fierce and fierce, you must not know this. Once you know the name of a ghost, the evil will not dare to go forward; if you call the name of the ghost three times, the ghost will disappear and go to heaven. Ghosts and ghosts from the ground are evil together. Several ghosts have names, and you know it. If you call the ghost's name three times, all ghosts obey orders..."

"Avoid all evil, hurry like a law!!"

As soon as the words fell, Chen Sanmin, who was constantly twisting his body on the ground, froze as if under a holding spell, and his eyes almost popped out of their sockets.

Suddenly, an extremely violent sinister aura erupted from his body, sweeping through the cell like a hurricane.

Yuan Yutang and Zhuge Wolong were caught off guard by the impact and flew back horizontally, hitting the wall heavily.

His whole body was sore and unbearable, Yuan Yutang was full of astonishment.

After all, it was too much, and the simplified and incomplete exorcism dipping instrument really failed!

The 'Pingtou brother' who was happily eating persimmons was provoked by the yin energy, and suddenly became furious, his hair stood up like a needle and a halberd, and there was a frightening arc flashing on his body, roaring and turning into a flash of lightning, and suddenly rushed towards the A black shadow rising from Chen Sanmin's body.

"Ah~"

A shrill scream resounded throughout the prison.

Under the horrified gazes of Yuan Yutang and Zhuge Wolong, the black shadow was torn into pieces by the 'Brother Pingtou' who had just shown his might.

[In the early winter of the seventeenth day of the Great Summer, kill the dead ghosts who killed dozens of people, and add five merits...]

Inexplicably, a piece of information poured into Yuan Yutang's consciousness out of thin air, and he was immediately extremely excited.

Sure enough, as he guessed, although the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" suppressed the giant fish soul in his sea of ​​consciousness, the most basic functions can still run smoothly.

As long as it is confirmed that "Tiangang Secret Art" can still operate normally, then the problem will not be a big one.

But fortunately there was 'Brother Pingtou' present this time, otherwise he and Zhuge Wolong would be in danger after the ghost exorcism failed.

Just like the official forces in the gangster movies on the earth are always late, a few idle jailers came over to check after half an hour.

Seeing that nothing happened, they didn't want to stay for a while, and immediately went back to continue drinking and having fun.

The soul-stirring night was just like that dissolved into nothingness.


After dawn, an uninvited guest came to visit suddenly.

The person who came was Wu Basan, the head arrester from Six Doors.

Wu Basan had a dark face, as if someone owed him hundreds of taels of silver and hadn't paid him back. Holding a brocade box in his hand, he opened the prison door and looked at Yuan, who was still awake after three poles in the sun.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Yutang immediately lost his temper and yelled fiercely, "Boy, are you still awake? Lucky you, you can go out!"

Yuan Yutang woke up suddenly, and asked uncertainly, "Can I really go?"

Wu Basan snorted coldly, and spoke through his nostrils, "If you don't want to leave, I can make the decision to let you live until you die!"

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed, and he didn't care about Wu Basan's rude words, he shook his head repeatedly and said, "If you want to go, if you want to go, I'll go."

After finishing speaking, he picked up the sleeping 'Pingtou brother' and wanted to go out. Before leaving, he caught a glimpse of Zhuge Wolong who seemed to be smiling but not smiling. He couldn't help being startled and said hesitantly, "Brother..."

Before he could finish speaking, Zhuge Wolong interrupted with a smile, "Hehe, no need to say much, it's a good thing to be able to go out, don't delay."

Yuan Yutang looked at Zhuge Wolong with a complicated expression and said nothing.

Although he had had enough of the harsh prison life, after a few days of getting along, he and Zhuge Wolong had become friends who had never forgotten each other.

He wanted to rescue him together, but he thought that Zhuge Wolong had already hated the treacherous court, so he hid in the prison to escape the world.

Since he has no intention of going out, he is powerless to change the country.

In the end, there are all kinds of reluctance, and it can only be turned into a sigh.

After making the offering, Yuan Yutang bid farewell solemnly, "Brother, I will come back to see you again if I have a chance, so please take care."

Zhuge Wolong half-lyed on the straw mat, waving his hands freely and freely, "Hurry up, don't delay a certain family's sleep."

Wu Basan was full of resentment, not seeing that the two of them cherished each other, and immediately shouted angrily, "Hey, whether to go or not, I don't have so much time to waste with you!"

Yuan Yutang stared at Wu Basan speechlessly, and strode out of the cell.

Zhuge Wolong looked at the backs of the few people leaving, and murmured incredulously, "Hehe, is the northern dragon vein three-pointed? It seems that troubled times are not far away, I hope there is still time..."

"Baby, take the 'gift' given to you by a certain family and go to fulfill your mission..."


After leaving the prison, Wu Basan rudely stuffed the brocade box into Yuan Yutang's hand, and strode away without saying a word.

Yuan Yutang carefully opened a corner of the brocade box, and found a cone-shaped object that looked like jade but not jade, and stone but not stone lying quietly inside, exuding a terrifying aura that made one's heart palpitate.

You don't need to guess, you know that the unknown cone must be the legendary horn of the dragon.

Yuan Yutang never expected that Six Doors would actually fulfill its promise and hand over the incomparably precious Dragon Horn to him.

Could it be that Naimertai's threat worked?

He is not interested in those bullshit political struggles, since Wu Basan gave him the horn of the dragon, he is obliged to hand it over to Naimertai.

It should be repaid for his life-saving grace.

While he was thinking, a red lightning bolt rushed in front of him.

Yuan Yutang took a closer look, and it was Uncle Chitu.

"Hahaha, Chitu, it's great to see you." Yuan Yutang laughed loudly and stroked Chitu's horse's head.

From the first day he traveled here, Chitu has been with him all the time.

One person and one horse have survived countless times of near-death, and the relationship has long broken the boundary between the mount and the owner.

For Yuan Yutang, Chitu is already his family.

How can you not be happy to be reunited with your family?

Now he only needs to find the frizzy female thief, and return the priceless horn of the dragon to Naimertai, and he can go home without any worries.

Go to the Jingshan Grandmaster's Gate, which has never been there before, but is infinitely looking forward to, and let the master who has been wandering for half his life rest in peace.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		