

Humanity has martial arts, self-improvement, hardening the body, breaking through the limit, is man's victory over the sky!

Martial arts is unique among the many sects in the world. It does not cultivate magical powers, does not borrow external forces, and pursues to tap the potential of the human body. It has a majestic physique and unparalleled killing power.

Legend has it that when martial arts practice reaches the end, it can shatter the void and soar in the daytime, and its potential potential is no worse than that of the Buddhist and Taoist masters who are mainstream monks.

Although Yuan Yutang's housekeeping skill is the Taoist supernatural power "Tiangang Secret Art", but when it comes to martial arts, he thinks that the ancient Muay Thai boxing, which has been cultivated for more than ten years in cold and summer, has reached its peak.

So strictly speaking, he is considered half a warrior.

This is Yuan Yutang's second time fighting against a martial artist in the master realm.

Half a year ago, he had been injured for a long time. When he first faced Tushanbu Jinjia Bayala Commander Toto Mobi, he was almost beheaded on the spot even if he teamed up with Situ Shanu, who is very skilled in martial arts.

He lost that battle thoroughly, and he was also very unhappy about losing.

It's not that he can't afford to lose, but it's a crime of non-war.

Now that his injuries have recovered, and his mana has nourished his body for so long, his strength is far from what it was half a year ago.

So he really wanted to know how far away he was from being a martial artist in the master realm.

Clap clap!

Yuan Yutang pumped his blood, his bones made the sound of roasting beans, his momentum was rising steadily, and his fighting spirit was high, like a tiger that had been hungry for a long time.

Tom!

The rushing whistling sound resounded through the sky, Yuan Yutang's body was like a swimming dragon, he tore through the air with his kick in the air, and kicked towards Zhong Lihan with a heart-piercing sound of piercing through the air.

Muay Thai ultimate move - Rama archery!

"Huh?" Zhong Lihan let out a surprise, and disappeared in a flash, appearing more than twenty steps away in an instant.

Losing his target, Yuan Yutang had no time to change his tactics, and the muddy ground was brutally attacked by Chiyu.

boom~

The ground seemed to tremble, a large cluster of dust rose into the air, and gravel flew randomly.

When the dust dissipated, a big pit with a diameter of six feet appeared at the position where Zhong Lihan was just now.

He was abruptly kicked out by Yuan Yutang.

Zhong Lihan's eyes widened suddenly, his pupils shone with excitement, and he smiled in surprise, "I didn't expect your brute force to be so strong... In terms of physique alone, it is comparable to the cubs of those ancient beasts!"

"Boy, are you interested in changing into my martial arts? If you worship the Sa family as your teacher, I promise to train you to the level of a master!"

Facing Zhong Lihan's kind solicitation, Yuan Yutang's response was a heavy blow like a meteorite falling from the sky.

when!

Huo Ran was at the critical moment, Zhong Lihan blocked Yuan Yutang's powerful punch with his horizontal sword.

Wipe...

Although the punch was blocked, Yu Jin pushed Zhong away from Han Shengsheng to retreat a distance, plowing two ravines on the ground.

"It's stubborn, it's a pity to lose such a good seedling."

Zhong Lihan grinned and shook his slightly sore arms, and said regretfully to himself.

One blow failed, Yuan Yutang lightly tapped the ground with his toes, flew out with a bang, twisted his waist and swung his legs, pierced through the ends with force, his straight thigh pierced the air like a giant axe, the windmill spun, and slashed at Zhong Lihan's head ferociously.

Ancient muay thai ultimate move - windmill ax kick!

This move is the culmination of Yuan Yutang's ten years of hard training in boxing. Let alone a fragile head, even if it is a huge rock, it will surely be smashed to pieces!

Zhong Lihan's eyelids twitched slightly, and the huge iron sword in his hand flicked away as if it was alive. It spun in the air at a high speed, like a big shield with a copper wall and an iron wall, and it held up Yuan Yutang's ultimate move by a tiny bit.

Boom!

A muffled loud noise suddenly erupted.

Yuan Yutang, who was suspended in the air, was startled suddenly, and retreated quickly.

Unexpectedly, it was still a step late.

Kacha~

The blood burst out.

Yuan Yutang turned over and fell to the ground only to find a two-foot bloodstain on his chest and abdomen. If he hadn't retreated quickly, he might have been cut in two with one sword.

As expected of a martial arts master who proved his way with martial arts, his kung fu is really astonishingly high.

Obviously the big iron sword is thick and has no front, but in Zhong Lihan's hands it is comparable to any magical weapon. This subtle application of weapons is simply subverting ordinary people's perception.

Yuan Yutang poured mana into the wound, and the bleeding soon stopped and healed.

He fell short in the first round.

Sure enough, with martial arts alone, he is no match for a master martial artist.

But he wasn't discouraged either, since he was not good at martial arts, let's fight for his supernatural powers!

rustling~

clatter~

The sudden wind and rain and the sudden change of the weather are the prelude of Yuan Yutang's unique magical power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain'.

The second round of fierce battle is about to begin!


Not far away, Lin Er, who was sitting high above the head of the alien beast, had a face as heavy as water, staring at Yuan Yutang with almost fire-breathing angry eyes, wishing to join the battlefield and smash him to pieces.

It's not that he pays attention to martial arts and doesn't want to use more to fight less.

Instead, his Qi mechanism was locked by Bai Yun.

Once there is a change, it will inevitably be severely attacked by Baiyun.

hateful!

The assassination plan, which was supposed to be sure, failed because of this damned little bald donkey in front of him.

Hating Wu and Wu, Baiyun was hated by the stingy Lin Erji.

At this time, Baiyun was no longer childish, and he was as stable as a ten thousand-year-old tortoise. Standing quietly, he was like a giant pillar supporting the sky, which made people feel at ease, and made Lin Er dare not move rashly.

But Lin Er had thought so hard to set up such a big killing situation, how could he be willing to take revenge by pretending to be someone else?

He who was already rebellious and perverse had no patience to wait any longer.

Since the dead bald donkey likes to meddle in other people's business, why not send him to the west to meet the Buddha!

"storm!"

With a sharp shout, the bloody bird with wings under the seat immediately moved upon hearing the wind.

bake~

The two-winged blood beast opened its mouth and spewed out an extremely blazing pillar of faint blue fire, heading straight for the white clouds.

The temperature of the blue flame was astonishingly high, and along the way it ignited the subtle fluctuations in the air, and in an instant a large void seemed to be burning.

"Amitabha!"

Bai Yun lowered his eyebrows and pleasing to the eye, reciting the Buddha's name lightly, the first three words were indifferent, but the last word Buddha suddenly became more serious.

The huge fuzzy figure standing behind him moved accordingly, and huge and matchless palms came overwhelmingly.

When it was approaching, the giant hand closed in vain, and all the blue flames fell into the palm, like a mud cow entering the sea, and disappeared without a trace in an instant.

The bloody white eyes of the two wings instantly turned pitch black, boundless hostility erupted in vain, and they opened their mouths to spit out flames again as if they didn't believe in evil.

bake~

This time the flames were pitch-black, not like an open flame in the world. The temperature was obviously too high, but all the places it passed condensed into ice.

"Huh? Black Sea Underworld Fire? Is this the legendary rare beast that was born from the fire?"

Seeing the pitch-black flames suddenly, Bai Yun was finally moved, and exclaimed that the real body with bloody wings pierced.

Lin Er, who had been sitting cross-legged to watch the play, jokingly said, "The bald donkey is young, but his knowledge is quite good. He even knows about the little-known Nine Fires and Miserables. Which Buddhist great virtue are you the reincarnation of?" Soul boy? Even if you dare to intervene in the affairs of my Red Lotus Sect, aren't you afraid that you will hurt the whole family of bald donkeys?"

Reincarnation is a unique method of inheritance in Buddhism. According to legend, if a Buddhist great virtuoso fails to prove the way and become a Buddha before passing away, he can give up the chance of cause and effect in the next life, and randomly instill all his wisdom and cultivation into a newborn baby who is born with Buddha roots body.

If the temple can find the reincarnated soul boy of the great virtue, it will focus on cultivating it to ensure that Buddhist talents will emerge in large numbers and there will be no inheritance gaps.

Bai Yun repeated the old trick, driving the huge dharma figure to extinguish the pitch-black flame, but unlike before, the pitch-black flame was unexpectedly tenacious, and actually burned the entire Dharma palm before it was extinguished.

"Amitabha, the little monk has no virtue and incompetence, it's not the reincarnation of the eminent monk." Bai Yun replied calmly.

Lin Er grinned grimly, "Then you can ask the Buddha to bless you now! I was almost bluffed by you just now, and thought you were so great, but it turns out that's nothing more than that!"

"Since you know that my young master's favorite pet is the rare Nine Fire Miters, you should also know that Nine Fires Miters are descendants of prehistoric beasts. They have undergone nine transformations in their lives, and each time they transform, they control a kind of innate supernatural power. Tier 1 is stronger than Tier 1.

This young master, the Nine Fires Extinguisher, has undergone six transformations, and now the Black Sea Underworld Fire, which is only at the second level, has broken your golden body. What level do you think you can last to the flame supernatural power? "

"If I don't go to hell, who will go to hell..." Bai Yun looked sympathetic, but his tone was unquestionable.

"How courageous!" Lin Er was furious and shouted angrily, "Since you don't know how to live or die, then go die!"

"Storm, the third level of heavy land fire!"

Under the command of the master, the two-winged bloody beast, no, to be precise, it should be the beast face of Jiu Huo Mi Shi Shi, which resembles a panda, but is not at all panda-like, and is completely distorted. There are earth-yellow flames bubbling from the seven orifices, and the nostrils suddenly inhale. , with his chest puffed up high, as if he was brewing a big killer move.

After a few breaths, his throat moved, Jiu Huo Mie Shi Li puffed up his cheeks, and a large cluster of khaki flames burst out.

bake~

The Heavy Land Fire is different from the Black Sea Dark Fire of the previous level. This fire has an astonishing weight, and it collapses like a landslide, and the momentum is shocking.

Neither sad nor happy, Baiyun lowered his head and twirled the Buddhist scriptures silently, while the huge Dharma figure behind him raised his one arm, brazenly facing the heavy fire rolling in.

It was too late, and then it was too late, when the earthy yellow flame touched the huge Dharma figure, there was a loud crushing sound, and Bai Yun's golden body Dharma figure was roasted and smashed to pieces.

When the heavy earth fire burned out, only the lower body of the mountain-like golden body Dharma Xiang suddenly remained.

Baiyun Gujing's unmoving face twitched slightly, a bright red color overflowed from the corner of his mouth, and he was obviously injured internally.

You must know that Jiuhuo Mishishi is a peerless beast that can fight Thunder Badger, and Baiyun has received three innate supernatural powers, so there is no reason not to pay the price.

"Hahaha, little bald donkey, it seems that you are determined to have trouble with this young master!

Forget it, since you are impatient to live, then this young master will fulfill you! "

Lin Er laughed wildly and arrogantly.

"Storm, the fourth-level flame of extinction!"

Jiu Huo Mie Shi grinned grinningly, the fur all over his body became brighter, the red was almost bleeding, his huge mouth was opened, the boundless wind was stripped and condensed, and immediately a navy blue flame poured out.

The navy blue flames were fleeting and burned all over Bai Yun's body in an instant.

The berserk flames contained special powers, like fire and wind, they scorched the white cloud to pieces in an instant, and the only remaining golden body dharma wreckage behind him was annihilated before it even had time to react.

Bai Yun's face was painful, but there was no hesitation in his footsteps.

With a faint sigh, he folded his hands and sat cross-legged on the spot. He only had time to call out Amitabha before he was burned to the ground by the blazing fire of silence, leaving only a small crystal-like skeleton.


		