

howl~wow~

The wind is impermanent, and the rain has no phase.

Wind and rain help each other, invisible and invisible.

The bitter wind and torrential rain on Guancheng formed a gradually growing tornado, which was moving at a very high speed.

"Not good! He's going to attack us!"

Tie Muzhen, who was still vomiting blood, gave a loud warning with a face full of shock.

In front of the camp, the Wolf Clan troop, which had already been shocked by the accident, saw this scene. They couldn't help but turn pale with shock, their morale plummeted, and there were faint signs of collapse.

Ackley panicked, forgetting all his ambitions, and said like a chicken without a head, "Tie, Mr. Tie Muzhen, what, what should I do?"

Hearing this, Tie Muzhen couldn't help but glared at him bitterly.

If it wasn't for him insisting on taking the initiative to provoke Tongshan Pass, where would the current disaster be?

But it's too late to say anything now.

The masters of Tongshan Pass used the power of the celestial phenomena to attack, and it was already a situation of endless death.

If he didn't want to watch more than 10,000 people in the camp die here, Tie Mu really had to do something.

Tie Muzhen wiped away the blood on his lips with his sleeve robe, looked directly at the palpitating stormy sky, and made a quick decision in his heart:

"I am Tie Muzhen, the true witch of the Tushan tribe. With the life of blood and spirit, I summoned Tianze, the five female peaks of Heishan, to come here!"

After all, Tie Muzhen slammed the sheep-headed skull scepter into the ground, and the moment it touched the ground, a strong invisible wind exploded out of thin air, and an unparalleled terrifying aura struck from the northwest at a high speed.

"Roar~"

"I am the mountain god of Wunvfeng, so is Shanze Dajun!!"

There was a loud and long sound, like the roar of a tiger coming out of the long river of history, resounding through the world, and then a translucent black tiger phantom the size of a mountain appeared in the void, blocking in front of the wolf camp.

The ghostly shadow of the black tiger is so demonic, its pair of house-sized blood-red monster eyes sweeps across the world like a disdainful gaze, and any horse or horse caught by its gaze is frightened and paralyzed to the ground.

With a ferocious smile, Heihu Xuying's eyes were full of greed, and he looked at the wolf soldiers like a delicious meal.

With such a terrifying sense of oppression, Heihu is clearly an old monster with profound knowledge!

Hmm, the phantom of the big monster...

Ackley has been on the battlefield for many years, and he has his own evil spirit to protect his body. He is not as unbearable as a scared paralyzed soldier, but it is not much better.

After the phantom of the black tiger appeared, he kept sucking in his breath, fighting with both hands, so that he could not follow the footsteps of ordinary bannermen.

huh huh~ huh huh~

The violent tornado approached in an instant, and immediately caught the attention of Heihu Xuying.

"Roar~"

There was another deafening roar, and many wolf bannermen covered their ears and rolled, with blood between their fingers.

Heihu Xuying's eyes were fierce and fierce, and his bloody mouth opened and closed, letting out a thunderous roar, "Interesting, a little warlock at the monk level can use this kind of celestial phenomena!"

After a pause, Heihu turned his head and shouted at Tie Muzhen below, "Witch Tushan, this is the third time this deity has acted for you. According to the oath, this deity has nothing to do with Tu Shanbu!"

Ackley endured the terrifying coercion emanating from the phantom of the black tiger, and tried his best to straighten his body. He seemed to know the inside story, and his face changed drastically when he heard it. He wanted to say something but couldn't say it.

The sorceress Tie Muzhen's haggard old face was full of bitterness, but she couldn't allow her to hesitate at this moment, she gritted her teeth, and nodded heavily.

After being affirmed, Heihu Xuying raised his head and laughed wildly.

"Hahaha, after three hundred and fifty years, this deity can finally reappear!"

"Zhuge Tianji, the enmity of three hundred and fifty years of captivity, this deity and you will not share the sky, and I will kill all your blood descendants in the future!!"

After saying that, the phantom of the black tiger jumped out suddenly, and rushed towards the whistling tornado in the air.

"A little sorcerer who is just a monk is also worthy to handle an axe in front of my law? Wait for the deity to swallow you in one mouthful and help you to save yourself!"


In the south of Tongshan Pass, Situ Shanu and his group are on the verge of extinction.

Of the more than 150 people who joined Chen Jiangnan's firecrackers before, there are less than 30 who can still breathe, and everyone is injured and exhausted.

"Gah, gah, gah..."

Situ Shanu leaned against the city wall with his back against the city wall, the armor on his body was broken, covered with a thick layer of minced meat and blood, and he was panting like a broken bellows.

The strong arm that can draw a three-stone strong bow can no longer be lifted, and the palm knife with a broken blade in his hand has to be tied with a cloth bundle to barely hold it.

Fighting to the present, he was almost exhausted to death.

However, compared to Situ Shanu who was in a state of embarrassment, Chen Jiangnan, another senior general present, was much more serious. A wound half a foot long was dug out on his chest and abdomen. The viscera inside are wriggling, more air is coming out and less air is being taken in, obviously it's about to die.

Even if the two generals are so miserable, the rest of the soldiers are even more miserable. The lack of arms and legs is normal, and now the soldiers who are still fighting are almost completely shattered, relying on their tenacious willpower to survive.

Although everyone was seriously injured, at least their morale was high.

At least on the surface.

The aisle of the city wall was densely packed with all kinds of corpses. There were soldiers who died in battle, and there were also corpse soldiers who were dying, chopped to pieces and still struggling. It was like a hellish nightmare scene.

Under the tumbling mist, there were still a large number of corpse soldiers pressing on, constantly compressing Situ Shanu's range of activities.

Although the defenders resisted desperately, they would not be wiped out for a while, but they all knew it well.

Defeat is a foregone conclusion, the difference is only a matter of time.

With difficulty, Situ Shanu raised his arm to wipe away the blood that dripped from his forehead into his eyes, mustered his last strength, and prepared to make a final desperate fight to see if he could lead his brothers out.

Things have come to this, one more life is earned.

As soon as he moved, a big bloody hand grabbed Situ Shanu's trouser leg.

Situ Shanu turned his head slowly and found that it was Chen Jiangnan who was seriously injured and dying.

"General, general... there is nothing to do, you go... I, I will cut off your queen..." Chen Jiangnan tried to persuade him while vomiting blood.

"Let's go?" Situ Shanu repeated in a daze, and then smiled miserably, "I am the commander-in-chief guarding Tongshan Pass. If Tongshan Pass is lost, where can I stay in Daxia? Early death or late death, there is a possibility. Is there a difference?"

"General, you, you are so confused~" Chen Jiangnan cursed loudly, but unexpectedly affected his injuries, he coughed heart-piercingly, and yelled intermittently:

"Keep... keep the green hills, are you afraid that there will be no firewood? This... in the past ten years, enough... enough famous generals in our Northeast Province have died... It's not easy to have a wise commander like you...

I beg you, leave a seed of revenge for our brothers~"

"If even you die here, who will remember us in the future, who will avenge us~"

At the end, Chen Jiangnan broke down in tears, a kind of helpless grief of "deliberately killing the enemy, but unable to return to heaven" lingered in his heart.

"Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo-"

"General, please put the overall situation first, let's go~"

"Oh, oh, general, please leave a thought for the brothers~"

"Hahaha, Lord Commander, I'll take a step first. From now on, the Northeast Road will be left to you. Don't forget to prepare a glass of water and wine for the brothers during the Qingming Festival~"

The soldiers who were waiting in battle were all infected by Chen Jiangnan's words. Some had tears in their eyes, some were sincere, and even some died generously. They were all trying to comfort Situ Shanu.

Situ Shanu only felt that his nose was sore, his eyes were moist, and he was so choked up that he couldn't speak.

What a brother, what a fighter.

For the sake of the thousands of people behind him, for the sake of his brother Paize, he put life and death aside, scrambling to die, and left the hope of life to himself.

Those who are generals have such soldiers, what can the husband ask for?

pity……

It's a pity that he can't save these good subordinates, good brothers.

Because the general should not be swayed by emotions, from a rational point of view, he should really leave immediately.

To live is to maximize his value, no matter how much sin and guilt he bears.

But in this situation, if he was asked to abandon his brother Paoze and escape alone, how could he do it?

Don't forget, he is still just a passionate young man in his 20s~

Seeing that Situ Shanu was still hesitating, Chen Jiangnan became anxious, threw away his hand, picked up a broken knife and laid it across his neck, vomiting blood and grinning, "General, this is the last time I sincerely call General, if you don't leave, I will die in front of you immediately!"

Seeing this, the rest of the soldiers also imitated the example, with their knives across their necks, they said stubbornly:

"Master General (Chief Soldier), if you don't leave, your subordinates will die in front of you!"

Situ Shanu felt like being struck by lightning, and the hot tears in his eyes could no longer be held back.

At this moment, he really wanted to ignore everything and stay and live and die with his brothers.

"Hahaha~" Chen Jiangnan laughed boldly, his pale face miraculously became a little more bloody, staring deeply at Situ Shanu and said with a smile, "General, I used to be so stupid that I opposed you everywhere. Now, I am convinced of you, so don't let me look down on you, go..."

Situ Shanu burst into tears, his chapped lips were hesitant to speak, and he subconsciously stretched out his hand to hold something back.

Just when Situ killed the slave and couldn't leave, the corpse soldiers who were ready to move could no longer hold back their ferocity and rushed out.

"General, if you don't leave, it will be too late, don't let us die worthless!" Chen Jiangnan roared with eyes tearing apart, and turned around and flew towards a corpse soldier.

The rest of the soldiers also quickly turned their weapons and killed the corpse soldiers without risking their lives.

Situ Shanu was caught in a battle between heaven and man, his steel teeth were gnashing loudly, he knew he had to make a decision as soon as possible.

Either abandon his comrades like a bereaved dog and live on, bear all the sins, and find a chance to take revenge in the future.

either...

Or die like a man!

Soon, Situ Shanu's tangled eyebrows relaxed, and a knowing smile rose from the corner of his mouth.

He has an answer.

Tightening the weapon in his hand, Situ Shanu moved, and rushed out in a flash...

Rush to the battlefield where comrades-in-arms brothers and corpse soldiers fought fiercely!

Go to the fucking way of the general, go to the fucking kindness!

I can't do it anymore, at worst, I will start all over again in eighteen years!

Seeing Situ Shanu joining the battlefield, Chen Jiangnan and the others were first taken aback, then annoyed, and finally laughed boldly.

"Hahaha, Sir General (Chief Soldier), we will accompany you to die!"

"Hahaha, good brother, let's die together!"

Woo hoo, hoo hoo~

It was when everyone fought bloody battles with the corpse soldiers with the heart of mortal death, suddenly an unreasonable storm swept across the city, and the undead and uninjured corpse soldiers turned into bones like natural enemies, howling, thick and thick monster mist It is like snow meeting the scorching sun, and it is evaporated in an instant.

Roar!

Before the astonished crowd could figure out the situation, another roar of tigers that broke the sky came from outside the city.

"Master Chief Soldier, you, look outside the city!"

A wounded soldier inadvertently cast his eyes outside the city, and immediately yelled in panic.

Situ Shanu's spirit was shaken, he hurriedly looked, and the next second he said in amazement:

"Brother??"


		