

The fierce battle between Yuan Yutang and Zhonglihan is about to break out.

"It's not rude to come and go, and then it's up to you to take the Sa family's trick."

As soon as the words fell, a fierce sword light visible to the naked eye rose from the ground. In an instant, the sword light was vertical and horizontal, and the sword shadows, which were false or not, rolled towards Yuan Yutang like mountains and seas.

Zhong Lihan was not as relaxed as Yuan Yutang's unique "Tiangang Secret Art", his cultivation was the result of decades of hard work, and his strength was unfathomable.

This seemingly casual sword move contained amazing lethal power, the solid soil ground was cut with traces of different shades when the sword light passed, I don't know if this is his strength.

Yuan Yutang did not retreat but advanced, with his waist down and his horse on the horse, his body undulating slightly, like a galloping horse under his crotch, surrounded by strong wind and rain, rushing forward without hesitation to the sword light coming like a shooting star.

"Break it!"

Shouting furiously, Yuan Yutang's fists turned into a phantom, and the shadows of fists all over the sky suddenly exploded. In a trance, a prehistoric giant elephant was raising its head and waving its teeth, as if it wanted to pierce the sky.

Ancient muay thai - the elephant strikes the teeth!

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang bumped into the sharp sword light, and there was a sudden loud noise, which shocked the whole field.

In an instant, smoke and dust rose everywhere, sword light splashed, and wind and rain raged.

Under the blessing of the unfathomable magical power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain', Yuan Yutang successfully blocked Zhong Lihan's move.

"Hahaha, you really are a person with great luck. You can't measure it with common sense, and you don't know where your teacher came from. The natal kung fu has such power. With a meager monk level cultivation, you can actually receive the third success of the Sa family. One move!" Zhong Lihan stood with his sword in his hand, laughing conceitedly.

Suddenly the topic changed, and Zhong Lihan's two fleshy, hollow eye sockets seemed to reveal a terrifying light, he raised his sword and said with a grin, "Since you have the capital to be proud, you might as well come and try the sword moves of Sajia Wucheng Power!"

"It's rare to meet a talented young man like you, but don't die too easily, the Sajia haven't had enough fun!"

""Sword Manual of Falling Rain": Nothing to do, Autumn Wind and Sorrowful Painting Fan!"

As the voice fell suddenly, a fan-shaped sword net composed of countless sword shadows appeared across the sky, tearing apart the smoke and dust in front of it in an instant, and surrounded Yuan Yutang heavily within it.

"Noisy!"

Even though Yuan Yutang was in a predicament like a meat grinder, he was still happy and unafraid, and angrily said, "Silence Rune Armor, get up!"

Suddenly, the wind and rain entangled in the surrounding fields seemed to be connected by invisible silk threads, combined in a certain mysterious and special trajectory, and in the blink of an eye, it formed a substantial miraculous talisman armor that was set on Yuan Yutang's body.

The wind and rain sneak into the night, moisten things silently, it is silent.

If the attack power of 'Wind and Rain' is the strongest move under the full version of 'Wind and Rain', then 'Silent Rune Armor' is currently Yuan Yutang's strongest defense.

The 'Silence Talisman Armor' was completed, and the fierce and unparalleled 'Nothing Autumn Wind Sad Painting Fan' arrived as scheduled.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

The deafening sound of metal collisions exploded continuously.

When the sword light was exhausted and the rune armor was broken, Yuan Yutang still stood firm.

It is a pity that Yuan Yutang is not in the mood to think about the five-success power ultimate move that used the monk level to forcibly beat the Wumen master level.

After a short fight, he probably recognized a fact.

With his current realm, he has no chance of winning against a martial arts master who is comparable to a real person!

Even if he desperately let go of 'calling the wind and calling the rain' completely, the result is still the same.

Realm suppression is no joke.

Unless he obtains the new Tiangang supernatural power immediately, he is likely to die here.

"Haha, it's not bad, it's a surprise for the Sa family again. Little brother, you can do whatever you can, but don't hide it..."

"Otherwise Sajia is afraid that you won't have a chance to use it again!"

"The power of seven successes, "Raining Rain Sword Manual"--The past is empty and the tears are gone!"

Zhong Lihan still had that yin and yang tone, and with a swirl of the big iron sword in his hand, the endless sword light exploded in vain, and then suddenly retracted, a thin line that seemed to divide the world suddenly appeared, and it was drawn like a wind and an electric engine.

Wherever you go along the way, everything is divided into two. Once a thin line passes, the current situation becomes the past, and the descendants cry for the desolate artistic conception of the predecessors. The power is shocking!

Yuan Yutang's heart beat fast, and an unprecedented pressure came to his face.

This move is already stronger than the avatar of Tongshanguan Dayao Shanze Maharaja.

Unstoppable, absolutely unstoppable!

Die, die, die! ! !

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang wanted to retreat, and was about to ask Baiyun to talk together.

Unexpectedly, when he turned his head to look, he saw a scene where his eyes were tearing apart.

A navy blue flame that looked like fire and wind raged not far away, Bai Yun was still foolishly sticking to his rear, letting the flames burn his body, his flesh and blood were burnt, leaving only a small crystal-like bright skeleton.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's eyes turned red instantly, and a shocking anger surged into his heart.

He is indifferent by nature and doesn't like to socialize with others. There are only a handful of friends he can chat with in his past and present lives.

But indifference does not mean coldness, but rather emotiveness.

In the Painted Skin Ghost City, he dared to fight the painted skin evil ghost with a mortal body in order to avenge the blood of his benefactor.

In Tongshanguan, for the sake of his brother Situ to kill the slaves, he could sacrifice his life to the powerful and invincible monster avatar.

Bai Yun, a good friend who gets along day and night, died protecting him. If he doesn't avenge this revenge, is he still a person?

If you want to die, let's die together!

"Every one present counts as one, don't even try to run away!" Yuan Yutang roared like a maniac, and retreated suddenly, and there was an extra jade pendant with special runes in his hand, which was suddenly crushed.

Suddenly, an indescribably terrifying coercion struck from afar at extreme speed, descending on the sky in the blink of an eye.

An elegant middle-aged man with an equestrian crown appeared in the clouds, like a banished fairy, flashed in front of Yuan Yutang at a seemingly slow but fast speed, and with a flick of his sleeves, the thin line with astonishing killing power disappeared on the spot.

Clasping hands together, the elegant middle-aged man said loudly, "Old man Huang Qisu, come here to help me as I said!"

Huang Qisu was exactly the mountain god Yuan Yutang met on his way to Gyeongju a few months ago, and it was also Yuan Yutang's biggest trump card so far.

A mountain god and true monarch whose strength surpasses that of a real person!

At the beginning Yuan Yutang was invited by Huang Qili to attend the banquet, he didn't want to inadvertently expose the great secret of Jinkou's royal seal, and cause huge troubles for nothing, and he will not be stable in the future.

This incident happened because of Huang Qili. In order to express his apology, he presented Yuan Yutang with a special magic weapon jade pendant, and said that if he encounters unsolvable difficulties in the future, he can crush the jade pendant, and he will come to help no matter the ends of the world. fist.

Now that Yuan Yutang is in trouble, Huang Qisu traveled thousands of miles to fulfill his promise!

Looking around, Huang Qisu said arrogantly, "Master Daoist, are these people embarrassing you?"

Yuan Yutang's face twitched angrily, pointed at Zhong Lihan and said, "I take the liberty of asking Mr. Huang to come, I want you to help me stop this person."

Huang Qisu glanced at Zhong Lihan, and said clearly, "This person has already reached the peak of the master realm, and the Taoist priest realm is not as good as it is. It's not a battle to lose, but the nine fires that destroy the world are not easier to deal with than the master. Are you sure the old man only needs to help you stop the master warrior?"

"I will avenge the murder of my friend with my own hands, and I don't need to bother you." Yuan Yutang said decisively.

"Forget it, as you wish!"

After finishing speaking, Huang Qisu stepped forward, locked onto Zhong Lihan with his breath, and silently expressed an attitude:

This road is blocked, don't approach it.

Zhong Lihan chuckled, and said eccentrically, "Little brother has so many connections, even the stinky yellow-skinned rescuers have moved here."

Huang Qisu's face darkened, and he said with evil eyes, "Hasn't Your Excellency taught the truth that misfortune comes from mouth? You should wash away your blood for insulting my ethnic group!"

"I receive a few incense burns on weekdays, so I really take myself seriously." Zhong Lihan sneered back with his sword in his hand, "If you came down in person, the Sajia would be a bit timid of you, but now you are only a clone of the soul, and you are worthy of shouting in front of the Sajia ?”

"How daring!" Huang Qisu was furious, his face suddenly turned into a beast, like a giant weasel, and flew out like a bolt of lightning.

Zhong Lihan laughed loudly, "The avatar of the mountain god in the human fairyland is worthy of the Sa family's full sword, and finally I can kill it to my heart's content!"

"Look at the sword!"

In an instant, the sword energy is vertical and horizontal, and the divine power is pervasive!


Yuan Yutang paused step by step, walking towards the remains of Baiyun like a walking volcano.

Looking at the bright little skeleton, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but feel heartbroken.

Mu Ran raised his head, and saw Lin Er's unruly eyes looking at him with unforgettable hatred.

Two hateful gazes collided in the air, as if sparks of substance burst out.

Needless to say, blood debt should be tasted with blood!

Yuan Yutang's hair that had been left on for more than half a year suddenly fell apart, and his black silk danced like black flames. He let go of his body and mind and urged 'calling the wind and calling the rain' with all his strength, and a small tornado quickly took shape.

He's going to do his best!

Nine Fires Extinguishing the World seemed to feel danger, and frowned uncomfortably. Without Lin Er's command, he instinctively opened and spit out a thunderous golden flame.

This is the fifth-level innate supernatural power, disillusioning thunder and fire, which has both the blaze of fire and the domineering power of thunder, and has the power to shock the world.

Yuan Yutang was fighting like a trapped beast, blending into the tornado, recklessly crashing into the overwhelming thunderstorm of disillusionment.

bake~

Huh~

The blazing fireworks and the whistling tornado collided instantly, and a terrifying wind erupted.

With a thought in Yuan Yutang's mind, the small tornado swirled rapidly, tearing the air, and let out heart-piercing screams. The top was like a high-speed electric drill, spinning at high speed and tearing apart the slag-filled flames.

Lin Er was taken aback, he never expected that Yuan Yutang would break through the fifth level Disillusionment Thunder Fire so easily.

Just as he was about to force Jiu Huo Mie Shi to avoid the sharp edge temporarily, a figure suddenly flashed in front of him.

Yuan Yutang suffered extensive burns all over his body, his flesh and blood looked like a ghost crawling out of hell, he raised his fist and said with a grin, "Lin Er, I hope your father can help you resurrect again, it's not enough for you to die twice for killing your friends! "

Suddenly, Lin Er felt terrified, and instinctively begged for mercy, "No, no, you can't kill me, my father is a 'human lack of respect', if you kill me, you will have a terrible death!"

"I don't know if I will die badly, but you will definitely die without a burial. Go to hell and repent, scum!"

After finishing speaking, he suddenly punched out angrily.

Lin Er's ghosts were all alive, and he only had time to scream, and hit the door in front of him.


		