

"Stop, don't hurt Miss!"

A big man in a black robe suddenly jumped out and shouted awe-inspiringly.

The six furious warlocks immediately restrained their breath when they heard the words, not daring to make mistakes.

The big man in the black robe turned around and said helplessly to Concubine Zhou Luofei, who was like a hen guarding her cubs, "Miss, how can you take such a risk so easily? If you accidentally hurt you, how can we afford it?" Guilty?."

Zhou Luofei stubbornly raised her head, and refused to give an inch, "If I say no, I won't. He is my savior, and no one can hurt him!"

Only then did Yuan Yutang figure out the situation.

Feelings These mystic warlocks are the guards of Concubine Zhou Luo's family?

hiss~

How big is this wealthy family that can afford the luxury of having a warlock as a guard?

But Xiao Nizi still has a bit of conscience, knows how to repay her kindness, and it is not in vain for me to take care of her for so long.

The bearded man who had been beaten into the air just got up from the ruins and limped over.

"Old Wang, are you alright?" asked the big man in the black robe.

The bearded man grinned and replied, "I was careless just now, the old horse stumbled, and I was ashamed."

Immediately, the big man in the black robe passed Zhou Luofei, stared at Yuan Yutang unkindly and said, "Miss, you are not deep in the world, you don't know the dangers of the world, this son is extremely vicious, and his origin is unknown, you allow your subordinates to take him down! "

Before Concubine Zhou Luo could speak, Yuan Yutang grinned and bared his teeth, "Hehe, you really treated my young master like a persimmon, come here if you have the ability~"

For some reason, the big man in black robe felt as if he was offended, and his blood pressure shot up inexplicably.

It seems that since Yuan Yutang was so angry by the talker Zhong Lihan, he has learned the skills of being angry without a teacher, and his daily habits have left his opponent speechless.

The other six warlocks were also angered again by Yuan Yutang's contemptuous words "come here".

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was about to face gang fights again, Concubine Zhou Luo was so anxious that tears almost flowed down her cheeks, sobbing and sobbing, "Don't do it anymore, you are all your own, how can you kill each other?"

"Who and he (they) are our own people!"

Except for Zhou Luofei, everyone retorted in unison.

Concubine Zhou Luo: 囧~


After Zhou Luofei's unremitting efforts, for her sake, Yuan Yutang and the sorcerer's guards temporarily made peace.

Concubine Zhou Luo has a special status. Her sudden disappearance earlier caused the whole family to shake up the sky. The elders of the family sent all the magicians and guards out overnight. They searched for hundreds of miles day and night to find her.

Concubine Zhou Luo was attacked by the dead ghost just now, if the big man in the black robe hadn't arrived in time, even if there was a 'Pingtou brother' to take action, she might not be able to save her properly.

This ghost village is full of evil spirits, the big man in the black robe dare not take any risks, and is about to take Concubine Zhou Luo away immediately.

Yuan Yutang has no objection to this. After all, they meet by chance, and it's not easy for him to say anything about other people's family affairs.

Concubine Zhou Luo showed her reluctance to part with her. Don't look at her being angry with Yuan Yutang all the time, in fact, Yuan Yutang always remembered her meticulousness in his heart.

Which girl does not cherish spring, and who does not long to meet the person she likes at the most beautiful age?

Yuan Yutang has a handsome appearance, outstanding strength, cold on the outside and hot on the inside, with a unique temperament.

At this time, Concubine Zhou Luo longed for Yuan Yutang to speak out to persuade him to stay like the protagonist in a storybook. As long as Yuan Yutang dared to speak, she would dare to wander the world with him.

It's a pity that the girl's sincerity is doomed to go wrong. Yuan Yutang, a late straight man, will never understand the delicate thoughts of his daughter's family, even if he has had a few girlfriends in his previous life.

He also wished that Concubine Zhou Luo would leave as soon as possible so that he would not have to be distracted from taking care of her.

If Concubine Zhou Luo knew his true thoughts, she would have to kill him alive!


Watching Zhou Luofei's group leave after one step and three turns, Yuan Yutang could finally concentrate on dealing with that thing in the village.

Since time travel, no one has dared to tease him like this.

If you don't avenge this revenge, you will have trouble sleeping and eating!

Looking up, most of the dilapidated houses in the village were basically destroyed, leaving only a few solitary thatched cottages standing in the wind and rain.

The cold icy rain slapped randomly on the face... You can't stand in the rain all the time, can you?

Yuan Yutang scratched his head, feeling helpless.

After thinking for a while, he simply found a dry hut to lie down, took out a cigarette and began to puff.

He was going to fight that thing to the end to see whose patience was better.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

A black and white afterimage suddenly rushed into Yuan Yutang's arms, it was the 'Brother Pingtou' holding a bright red persimmon in his little paws and happily licking it.

Yuan Yutang lovingly rubbed the little head of 'Brother Pingtou', and cursed with a smile, "I thought you were off somewhere, but it turned out that you went to pick fruits to eat, what a snack!"

'Brother Pingtou' comfortably raised his head, accepting the caress of his master.

Not long after, a burst of hurried footsteps caught Yuan Yutang's attention.

Standing up in a hurry, Yuan Yutang saw a group of big men in Xuanpao going back and forth with solemn faces.

"Hey, I'm back again, am I happy to see you~"

Concubine Zhou Luo was like a happy bird, bouncing up and down in front of the astonished Yuan Yutang with a small pink umbrella, bent over with her hands behind her back and smiled coquettishly.

Yuan Yutang ignored the heartless Concubine Zhou Luo, and knew something had happened when he saw the faces of the big men in black robes, he couldn't help asking, "Can't find the way down the mountain?"

The burly man in the black robe nodded solemnly, and said in a deep voice, "I have traveled all over the world for many years, but I have never encountered such a strange situation, and I don't know where the monster is responsible."

Yuan Yutang smiled and said nothing. He had thought about this question just now, but he didn't expect it to come true.

That thing hiding in the dark is not going to let anyone go, and vows to kill everyone before giving up.

Except for Zhou Luofei, all the magicians present were magicians who were not afraid of the wind and rain, but Zhou Luofei couldn't do it, the evil cold would enter her body in the rain for a long time, and she would be seriously ill if she didn't die.

The thatched hut was simple and crude, and it was not suitable for so many people to squeeze together.

The big man in Xuanpao and the others couldn't find out the monster that was causing trouble for a while. After discussing with Yuan Yutang, they unanimously decided to go back to the mansion just before and make temporary plans.

It's just that when they returned to the mansion, they couldn't help frowning at the same time.

After leaving for such a short time, there are dozens of lifelike stone statues of evil spirits with different movements in the courtyard, which are almost exactly the same as the stone statues of evil spirits that Yuan Yutang met in the main room.

The only difference is that these ghost stone statues are all bound with thick iron chains.

"Brabocha?"

One of the fat warlocks with a big belly exclaimed in surprise, immediately attracting everyone's attention.

The big man in Xuanpao asked in a concentrated voice, "Fatty, do you know these stone statues?"

The fat man nodded with fear in his eyes, and said with a slightly trembling voice, "I, I read in an ancient book that there is a kind of evil spirit in the western Buddhist country, named Brahmacha, with a small head and a big belly, long hands and short legs. , feed on young children, and stop crying at night when they hear it..."

"Then what are you afraid of?" The black-robed man shouted awe-inspiringly, "Tell the truth!"

Fugui hesitated for a moment, then sighed, "Boss, it's not the fat man I'm cowardly, but that damn thing, Di belongs to the hungry ghost..."

As soon as the words fell, everyone suddenly gasped.

There are six realms of living beings, and hungry ghosts form their own way. They only accept the heinous people. After death, they are tortured by hunger and thirst. They can't eat enough and drink to quench their thirst.

Hungry ghosts are one of the ghosts that all warlocks who aspire to slay demons and slay demons and do justice for the sky are the last to encounter.

The difficulty of hungry ghosts is that they are riddled with sins and full of karma, let alone beheaded, even if they are approached by them, they will be infected with sins, and eventually assimilate into walking dead, and they will be passed on from person to person!

A simple explanation is that hungry ghosts are like a moving source of plague, imprisoned in the lowest level of the six realms of hungry ghosts, and will not easily appear in the human world.

but!

As long as hungry ghosts appear in the world, it will definitely cause a catastrophe of misery. It takes a fearless person to sacrifice himself at the expense of himself and collect the crimes to resolve the crisis.

Then again, the purpose of warlocks to slay demons and eliminate demons is to accumulate merit and sharpen their cultivation, in order to pursue ascension to immortality, which is essentially a selfish desire.

Who would selflessly sacrifice themselves to help others?

And it is not self-sacrifice that can be self-sacrifice if you want to. You have to be a monk above the fairyland to collect the sins on yourself, break through the boundary wall and return to the realm of hungry ghosts.

That's why hungry ghosts frighten warlocks.

Unlike the burly man in Xuanpao, Yuan Yutang suddenly realized when he looked at the stone statue of the hungry ghost.

Gouwa's father was hit by an evil spirit, and his appearance was emaciated, he would not eat, drink, or sleep, which was obviously a manifestation of being infected with sins by hungry ghosts.

It seems that the search is correct, the ghost thing hidden in the dark must be related to the hungry ghost.

If this is the case, it is really troublesome.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling helpless.

Just thinking about it again, he found something wrong again.

No, didn't he smash the stone statue of the hungry ghost twice in the main room just now?

How come there is no abnormality at all?

Could it be that the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Technique" is protecting him again?

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang felt inexplicably at ease.

It’s just that the last time a hungry ghost made a fuss was recorded in the secret book of the sect leader, which can be traced back to more than 500 years ago. The barriers of the six realms are so strong that it is very difficult for a hungry ghost to escape. How could a hungry ghost suddenly appear?

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang had an ominous premonition.

Unlike Yuan Yutang, who had the body protection of "Tiangang Secret Technique", the big men in black robes were just ordinary monks, and they couldn't help feeling scalp numb when facing the hideous stone statues of hungry ghosts in the courtyard.

"Uncle Qin, why don't you go in, it's freezing outside."

Concubine Zhou Luo, who didn't know the truth, thought that as long as she had her own guards around, she would be free from restrictions, and she couldn't help urging them with some displeasure when she didn't see them leaving after waiting for a long time.

"Miss, you don't know the danger. Now this house is more terrifying than any other place. Let's find another place to stay." Qin Wuji, a big man in Xuanpao, replied with a wry smile.

At this moment, Yuan Yutang shook his head and smiled wryly, "I can't go anymore, look behind."

When everyone heard the words, they hurriedly turned their heads, only to see that the empty back was filled with stone statues of hungry ghosts with their fangs and claws at some point, blocking the way back.

Qin Wuji and the others felt their hearts skip a beat, and their backs felt chills.

This is the rhythm of killing everything~

Although only the stone statues of hungry ghosts are blocking the road, no one dares to bet on the truth.

There are tigers in the road ahead and lions in the back.

The situation suddenly deteriorated to the extreme.


		