

"Wow~"

Amidst the shrill cry of the baby that pierced the eardrums, a gigantic fist pierced the sky like a meteorite, whistling like thunder, and smashed into the sky.

The yellow sand all over the sky that was condensed in mid-air suddenly rolled up, and a huge sand wall was formed rapidly, blocking the attack of the giant fist at the nick of time.

Boom~

The violent wind exploded, blowing the river upside down, setting off waves several stories high, like a tsunami attacking.

The two peerless monsters fought for another round, but they were still neck and neck.

The reborn baby of the giant monster that once ravaged the Western Regions was full of hostility, its huge body like a mountain shook in vain, and a substantial turbulent evil spirit was born, rushing into the mid-air and suffocating the yellow sand.

The next moment, it jumped up with a kick, and the terrifying recoil almost sank the island hanging in the middle of the lonely river.

Horror strikes, and the "Sasha Po" wrapped in a huge amount of yellow sand dare not underestimate it. With a sudden roar, the turbulent yellow sand shrinks instantly, and then condenses countless sharp barbs, like a giant hedgehog.

The giant baby slammed into the 'yellow sand hedgehog' fiercely, and the seemingly hard barbs couldn't stop it at all, and it fell apart in an instant.

A pair of chubby lotus root hands inserted into the 'Yellow Sand Hedgehog' and tore it violently, only to hear a loud thud, the extremely thick yellow sand was torn open a huge gap, and the heavily protected 'Sasha Po' inside was torn apart. exposed.

The giant baby remained silent, pretending that he could not attack the 'Sashapo' in the air, but suddenly attacked at a critical moment, and caught her off guard.

Opening its bloody mouth, the giant baby swiftly devoured 'Sashapo'.

All the dead souls of the 'Sashapo' screamed strangely, gathering all the demon power to drive the broken yellow sand, and sealed the giant baby's fatal bloody mouth between the electric light and flint.

The indiscriminate relationship between the two big monsters before was just an illusion. When the giant baby broke out its real strength and attacked close by, the 'Sashapo' inevitably fell into the disadvantaged.

The giant baby's throat squirmed, its bloody eyes glared, and a wave of icy air gushed out from its mouth and nose, breaking through the yellow sand that sealed it immediately.

"Wow~"

The high-pitched thunderous cries were a frontal attack, even stronger than the 'Sashapo' who was also shaken into a trance, and inevitably fell into a short period of sluggishness, and the squirming and condensed yellow sand was shaken to collapse in all directions, forming a diameter of more than ten feet. Vacuum belt.

The once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to defeat the enemy is right in front of you, how can the giant baby let it go, holding its wide mouth with both hands to prevent the life-like and tenacious yellow sand from healing again, the breath in its body climbed to the peak in vain, the washbasin swelled, and there was another cry A huge howl like a sky-shattering earth-shattering attack.

"Wow~"

This howl exploded like a compressed air cannon, the air flow was disordered, the whole underground cave was shaken, the river boiled, and it was extremely terrifying.

Unexpectedly, the giant baby's strongest trump card is actually a sonic attack.

"Ah~"

The 'Sashapo' who was hit by the terrifying sound wave screamed horribly, and his flesh and blood were peeled off inch by inch at a speed visible to the naked eye.

It's not over yet!

I saw a cold light flickering in the giant baby's bloody mouth that was opened to the limit.

A festering giant tongue composed of countless rotting corpses shot out like a giant python, rolling up the 'Sashapo' with only one layer of skeleton left like a thunderbolt.

Stretch and shrink.

The next moment, 'Sashapo' was swallowed whole by the giant baby.

The surging yellow sand that lost its owner seemed to cry out, and quickly disappeared into the air unwillingly.

Boom~

If the giant baby returned triumphantly, it fell heavily back to the island. The terrifying impact actually tilted the island, and one end of it was more than ten feet above the water surface. It was really shocking.

"Wow~"

The giant baby who successfully killed the powerful enemy was extremely proud, raised his head and let out a deafening loud cry, his eyes were full of resentment that could not be dispelled by pouring the water of the Yellow River, he crouched clumsily like a toddler, and then slammed Leap towards rolling, trembling rock walls, aiming for open-air caves leading to the ground.

It has been dormant for more than three hundred years and has struggled to be reborn. It will return to the world and continue its unfinished act of destroying the world.

Akira~

Just when the giant baby was about to climb out of the open-air cave, the already turbulent river suddenly boiled up.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

A huge beam of light as thick as a mountain broke through the water, and the gleaming white light instantly covered the cave.

It’s miraculous to say that the white light is solemn and sacred, as if it has the supreme power to purify all the impurities in the world. As soon as the underground cave that was devastated to the point of collapse came into contact with the soft white light, it immediately stabilized its collapse.

The giant baby turned around abruptly, staring at the white light with ferocious and inexplicable blood eyes, as if evoking painful memories, with a hideous expression, jumped back into the river roaring, and hurriedly walked in the spray of water all over the sky.

A figure walked out of the heavenly and earth-penetrating sacred beam of light.

A delicate face, flowing black hair, two big bare legs looming between the bulging robes.

The person who came was Yuan Yutang!

At this time, Yuan Yutang was completely different from the past, his pupils were shining, and under the background of the rain-like holy light, he looked majestic and solemn, like a saint reborn from the myths and legends of the Western Continent.

"Wow~"

The giant baby felt that the little bug-like person in front of him was very much like a figure he hated and feared in his memory, and a nameless evil fire suddenly sprang up in his heart, and he punched out angrily, intending to crush him to ashes. hate.

Yuan Yutang turned a deaf ear to the terrorist attack that was powerful enough to smash a mountain.

Finger flick.

in an instant.

The vast underground cave seems to be filled with a faint sacred Sanskrit singing, filling every inch of space.

In the holy and solemn singing, the giant baby was shocked to find that the fist he was bound to win seemed to be trapped in a quagmire, and every inch of progress was extremely difficult, and the terrifying power that shocked the world was weakened layer by layer.

Yuan Yutang, who was floating on the river, sighed faintly, like a god pitying the world, compassionate and benevolent.

However, at the next moment, thousands of holy lights shot out from his body, dancing in the air like thunder, striking the giant baby fiercely.

The giant baby hurriedly withdrew, but it was too late, and was hit head-on by the chasing holy light in an instant.

"Wow~"

Amidst the extremely shrill screams, the giant baby, who was still invincible just now, billowed thick smoke, as if it had been scorched by flames, and a trace of fear was rarely seen in the violent bloody eyes.

Yuan Yutang suddenly opened his palm, and the silver cross appeared out of thin air.

This is the supreme artifact of the Western Continent - the Bright Cross!

He folded his hands and held the bright cross in front of his chest, with an extremely pious expression, as if a believer was praying to the gods he believed in, and slowly said:

"The Lord created everything, the Lord ruled the world, the Lord said, let there be light, and the darkness will be dispelled..."

"Whatever the Lord gives, He also takes back..."

"The Lord said that evil spirits will perish, and there will be no more evil in the world!"

Before the words were finished, a vast and holy power surged out from the cross of light, sweeping away like a tsunami and landslide.

Feeling the mortal danger, the giant baby couldn't help trembling all over, and was so frightened that he plunged into the water, trying to escape by using the water.

"Grateful to the Lord, praise the Lord, in the name of the Lord I command you..."

"Down, devil!"

The last sentence is like a final conclusion. The entire underground cave is like a solidified gray and white scroll, and an invisible big hand protrudes from the void to gently touch it.

The giant baby who dived into the depths of the river was full of unwillingness and despair, and watched helplessly as his body was gradually erased.

When the giant baby disappeared completely, Yuan Yutang let out a breath, and an illusory figure stepped out of his body, and walked towards the endless holy light, as if returning to the embrace of the Lord.

Yuan Yutang's eyes regained clarity, and just watched the illusory figure disappear together with the holy light, and then bowed gently, paying the highest respect, and murmured to himself:

"Thank you, great rebel and ascetic, Mr. Ornov."

The giant baby that caused disasters to the world has been eliminated, and Yuan Yutang was pleasantly surprised to find that the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" that had not been moved for a long time was burning hot. He took it out excitedly and saw countless golden words jumping out of the paper, suddenly forming A golden swirl.

He just glanced at it, and then fell into a daze for an instant. In a trance, he seemed to have a big dream, seeing a dusty movie:

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

A long time ago, there were three boys and girls from different family backgrounds in the desert who grew up together as childhood sweethearts.

Ali is the jewel in the palm of the tribal chief, gentle and kind, as beautiful and noble as the Gesang flower in the desert, and won the love of all the young, middle-aged, and even old people in the tribe.

Rimule is the son of the chief warrior of the tribe. He is strong in martial arts, strong and handsome, brave in battle, loyal to the tribe, and deeply loved by the chief. He is a rising star of the tribe.

Among the three childhood sweethearts, the last young boy Shi is the son of a humble slave, with an ugly mark on his left face, showing his humble status to the world, and any clansman can bully him, beat him, or even kill him.

Both Shi and Rimule have a crush on Ali, but there are differences.

Rimule can pursue the person he likes openly, but Shi can't, because he is just a humble slave, and his descendants are the property of the tribe, and he will never be free.

Shi was in great pain because of this, and every time he saw Ali talking and laughing with Rimule, his heart was pierced like a knife.

Originally, Shi thought that he would spend his life being beaten and scolded, but fate played a trick on him.

While out to herd sheep, Shi was attacked by a pack of wolves, and nearly half of the sheep died tragically, and Shi also disappeared.

Everyone in the tribe thought that Shi had been eaten by wolves, except for the two who felt sad for a while, no one would care about a humble son of a slave.

Five years passed quickly, and Rimule's sincerity for several years finally moved Ali, and the chief happily married them both.

On the day when the tribe held a grand wedding ceremony for them, the emerging king of horse thieves in the desert led tens of thousands of horse thieves to attack suddenly and surrounded the camp where the tribe was located.

Only then did people discover in astonishment that the king of horse thieves who had terrified the entire desert in the past few years was actually Shi Shi, the son of a humble slave who had been missing for five years.

Shi looked gloomy at the familiar and unfamiliar terrified faces in the tribe, recalling the 'care' he had received, and blatantly ordered the massacre of all tribesmen, regardless of Ali and Rimule's pleas.

In the past five years, Shi endured humiliation, experienced countless hardships, and finally turned around and counterattacked. He has mastered nearly ten thousand sturdy cavalry. He wants to say goodbye to the past and pursue something he never dared to dream about before.

Ali is the most important of them.

In front of her, Shi brutally killed her lover, made Rimule his own son, and then occupied Ali.

He wanted her to see with her own eyes how he achieved supreme dominance.

As time passed, Shi won many battles and became more and more powerful. He became the first supreme overlord in the history of the Western Regions who almost unified the whole region from the king of horse thieves.

Although Shi loves A Li in every possible way, A Li can't forget her hatred and shed tears all day long.

From the moment Hi Mu strangled her to death in front of her, she never smiled again.

With more and more beauties in the harem, Shi indulged in the gentle village, and gradually became dissatisfied with Ali.

This made some concubines who were extremely jealous of Ali excited and inexplicable. In the end, in a frame-up, Ali was forced to commit suicide by throwing herself into a well.

Because of the grievances before her death, Ali's ghost lingered after her death, and finally turned into a demon "Sashapo" and returned to the world.

At that time, Shi just got the elixir from Zhuge Tianji, and was preparing to take it with the dream of immortality.

Seeing this, "Sashapo" gave up her plan to kill Shi directly, and she polluted the elixir with a ray of resentment, and she wanted Shi to eat the deteriorated elixir and go mad, destroying the supreme hegemony she built with her own hands.

Just like Shi killed all of Ali's relatives, friends, and her lover's father, "Sasha Po" also wanted Shi to taste the most painful experience in the world she had experienced.

As expected, after taking the pill without knowing it, Shi went mad and mutated into a irrational troll, devouring most of the subjects in the whole country.

Seeing that her plan was about to succeed, a meddling ascetic Onuofu was killed halfway, and suppressed the troll incarnate by the stone under the yellow sand.

Some feel that the stone energy is endless, and the "Sashapo" who is likely to be reborn in the future wanders the desert like a lonely ghost in order to kill the enemy with her hands and waits.

Wait for the trolls to be reborn, or die together, or you will die.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		