

In an instant, Wu Basan felt the blood burst from his body, and his beard and hair stood on end.

Without even thinking about it, Lightning turned around and slashed out.

hiss~

The sharp blade slashed in the air, and it actually made a whistling sound like cloth being torn, which showed how fierce the blade was.

However, Wu Basan was dumbfounded the next moment.

Because there is nothing behind him, this knife cuts a loneliness.

But before he calmed down, the three unlucky ghosts behind him suddenly shouted in horror:

"Mom, ghost~"

"Ghost possessed, help~"

Hurriedly calming down, Wu Basan grasped the crux of the problem in an instant, and said sharply, "Wu Liu, go around behind me and see if there is anything!"

Wuliu was a taciturn man, upon hearing this, he immediately dodged behind Wu Basan, took a sharp breath, and said in a trembling voice, "Boss, that thing is sticking to your back!"

Knowing the specific location of the anomaly, Wu Basan did not panic.

"Three four, two eight, 'Shiquan Dabu Tang' serve!"

The two arrestees who were named acted immediately, and the soldiers walked around behind Wu Basan in two ways. At the same time, they quickly took off the two bamboo pot-like utensils hanging from their waists, and suddenly poured out the unknown liquid inside.

The so-called 'Shi Quan Da Tonic Soup' is the trump card specially used by the six gates to destroy evil magic and sorcery. It can be said that it is not nourishing.

Zila~

As soon as the good soup was splashed in place, a puff of choking smoke suddenly rose in the air, mixed with a faint scream.

The choking smoke was mixed with the 'fragrance' of the soup, and the stench in the room instantly suffocated, and everyone who was terrified was almost breathless.

Wu Sanba, who was doused by the soup all over his head, didn't care about the stench, and swiftly reached out and grabbed his back.

Wu Basan was overjoyed immediately when his finger touched something strange, and pulled it violently.

When he saw what was in his hand, he couldn't help being dumbfounded, and said in surprise:

"paper man?"

That's right, what Wu Basan held in his hand was a drenched paper figurine, with clear facial features, flexible and vivid, and an indelible eerie aura shrouded in his brows, no wonder everyone mistook it for a ghost .

However, things started to develop in a weird direction from here.

When the thick smoke in the room dissipated, everyone was horrified to find that the empty room was filled with paper figurines of different shapes at some point.

His expression was dull, his eyes were empty, and the two bright red spots on Bai Sensen's cheeks were particularly shocking.

Most of the auxiliary soldiers were frightened out of their wits by this sudden scene, subconsciously wanting to flee outside.

Wu Basan kept his knife on guard and warned anxiously, "Don't panic, don't run around, beware of fraud!"

These auxiliary soldiers are ordinary people. Seeing such a terrifying situation, how can they be rational? Their minds are full of thoughts of escaping from the dangerous situation as soon as possible, so how could they still care about obeying orders.

A short auxiliary soldier with a frightened face ran the fastest, and when he was about to step over the threshold, terror struck instantly.

A small, bloodless hand grabbed his shoulder without a sound, and before the short assistant soldier could struggle, a huge force suddenly came, forcing him back into the room.

The short auxiliary soldier was shocked, and was trying to break free from the restraints, but unexpectedly, a ghostly white paper man's face came into view.

When he saw the stiff and strange smiling face, it seemed that his courage was drained in an instant.

A servant paper with a pair of temples tied

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Zha Ren grabbed the short assistant soldier's shoulder with one hand, and raised his other hand high. The five fingers that were closed together unexpectedly grew inch-long sharp nails at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In the despairing eyes of the short auxiliary soldier, the servant paper pierced his throat suddenly.

There is no doubt that if this blow is solid, the short auxiliary soldier will definitely be pierced through the throat.

At the very moment, a bolt of horses struck across the sky like a thunderbolt, striking with unmatched speed and ferocity.

With a click, the deadly ghost hand was cut off in the air.

It was Wu Basan who came to the rescue in time!

At this time, the other paper piercers also started to move, attacking everyone in the house like a hungry tiger on a sheep.

Wu Basan pushed away the short soldier who was still bewildered, and shouted sharply, "Brothers, listen to the order, pour the 'shepherd's blood', and kill all the Zhizha people!"

As he spoke, he took out a small porcelain bottle from his pocket and smashed it on the back of the knife suddenly, a pungent dark red liquid immediately poured onto the back of the knife.

Immediately afterwards, the sharp blade's edge burst into a faint red light, and Wu Basan rushed towards the paper piercer with the broken arm with the blade in his hand.

Seeing this, the rest of the police also followed Wu Basan's example, all their weapons were as red as consecrated lights, and they split up to kill the rioting Zhizharen.

There is a cloud in the "Da Huang Jing" that there is a beast in the southern barbarians, named shepherd, whose blood is pure yang, which can destroy evil spirits and evil spirits.

Shepherd's blood is another trump card used by the six-door policemen to deal with evil and crooked methods.

All of a sudden, the room was thrown into chaos

The weapon consecrated by Shepherd's Blood perfectly restrains the ghastly paper piercing, basically it can be defeated by the knife, and there is no one who can defeat the enemy.

However, the paper piercing figures seem to appear out of nowhere, and when one is cut down, two will appear immediately, as if it is endless.

Only the seven six-door arresters headed by Wu Sanba can fight against the Zhizharen, and the rest of the auxiliary soldiers are like lambs waiting to be slaughtered.

It didn't take long for more than a dozen auxiliary soldiers to be stabbed with paper, and their limbs were torn to pieces.

Wu Basan was very experienced, and he knew that there was nothing to be done when he saw the situation, so he hurriedly ordered to retreat.

When they managed to get out of the white matter shop, the real culprit who had never shown up finally appeared.

It was a goose-skinned and white-haired old woman, with a strange and gloomy smile on her old face covered with gutters, and she stared playfully at the bewildered arresting officers and soldiers, as if laughing at their overreaching.

Wu Basan's temper was so hot that he almost couldn't hold back and rushed in to fight the arrogant witch for another 300 rounds.

However, reason told him not to act impulsively.

The arresters under him were already exhausted, and the auxiliary soldiers were also terrified. In addition, they lost more than a dozen people in just a short while.

Thinking of this, no matter how unwilling Wu Basan is, he can only avoid it temporarily and seek another plan.


After listening to Wu Basan's description, Yuan Yutang couldn't help being a little puzzled while sighing.

I thought to myself that I just showed my reasoning last night, Wu Basan probably wouldn't know that he was a warlock, so why would he come to ask for help?

There is no need for Yuan Yutang to doubt, Wu Basan will take the initiative to give the answer soon.

"Your Excellency!" Wu Basan got up and clasped his fists solemnly, "I know that I have a low status, so I shouldn't bother you, but for the sake of the wronged soul at the hands of the murderer, I implore you, please use your peers to help!"

Peer master?

Yuan Yutang was taken aback for a moment, but quickly came to his senses.

Could it be Naimertai you are talking about?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

That's right, Wu Basan can hold the position of head arrester, and his cultivation base and knowledge are not too low. He must have discovered the existence of Naimertai last night, but he has never mentioned it. Maybe he saved it and asked for help when necessary. psychology.

Unexpectedly, this guy has a heart as delicate as a hair under his seemingly reckless appearance.

It's a pity that he was wrong.

How can I have such a big face to invite Master Nogi to come out?

Shaking his head with a wry smile, Yuan Yutang was about to refuse when suddenly a contemptuous laugh came from the stairs:

"Want to ask labor and capital to come out of the mountain? Yes, a dragon horn, otherwise there is no need to talk."

Yuan Yutang hurriedly looked up, and saw Namurtai appearing at the corner of the stairs at some point, lying on the wooden handrail with a smile on his face and talking lazily.

After hearing this, Wu Basan immediately became embarrassed.

The dragon is one of the few rare birds and animals in the world. Its horns have the miraculous effect of strengthening the foundation and cultivating the vitality, so it is regarded as the most precious treasure by the warriors in the world.

However, the dragon is powerful and possesses the power of thunder by nature, so it is extremely difficult to catch and kill.

There happened to be a dragon horn in the six-door treasury pavilion, but it was not up to him as a small headhunter to give away such a treasure.

With a wry smile, Wu Basan got up and bowed to Naimertai, "I have met senior, what senior asked for is of great importance, and I need to report to the peak to have a final conclusion. Please wait for a night, no matter what happens in the end, I will definitely be there." Give me an answer tomorrow morning."

After finishing speaking, he left in a hurry and left vigorously.

Yuan Yutang was puzzled. According to his understanding of Naimertai, he couldn't figure out why Naimertai would agree to intervene in such a small matter, even if the lion opened his mouth.

Naimertai calmly sat across from Yuan Yutang. The female thief was very discerning, and immediately poured tea and water diligently, serving thoughtfully.

After drinking a cup of tea, Naimertai saw that Yuan Yutang was still in a daze, and couldn't help but sneered, "Don't think about it, labor and management are just looking for some fun because they are bored. Is it wrong to do good deeds?"

Yuan Yutang cast a distrustful glance at him, sneered and said nothing.

This guy was one of the chiefs of the wolf clan who was the enemy of Great Xia, so expect him to do good deeds?

Might as well hope that the sow will climb the tree!

It's just that he didn't want to say it, and Yuan Yutang had no way of guessing, so he had no choice but to put all his doubts in his heart.

Early the next morning, Wu Basan appeared at the inn.

When Yuan Yutang saw him smiling when he went out, he knew that things had turned for the better.

Sure enough, when Namurtai, who woke up slowly after three poles that day, opened the door, Wu Basan excitedly announced to him, "Senior, the admiral promised that as long as the senior helps to capture the witch, he will definitely offer the dragon horn with both hands afterwards." !"

Yuan Yutang, who was watching the play, was shocked immediately.

The refuting dragon horn is so precious, he thought that the six doors would definitely refuse it.

Didn't expect the admiral of the six doors to be so generous, willing to agree to Naimertai's unreasonable request just for the sake of a serial extermination witch?

Could it be that the morals of the world have become invisible to oneself?

Seeing Yuan Yutang's foolishness, Naimertai couldn't help being amused, and haughtily snorted at the respectful Wu Basan, and said flatly, "I'll follow you to capture that witch after breakfast!"

"It should be so!" Wu Basan agreed repeatedly in fear.

After breakfast, several people swaggered towards the funeral shop where the old hag was hiding.

Yuan Yutang was also mixed in the team.

He wanted to see what kind of medicine was being sold in Naimertai's gourd.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		