

All things generate and restrain each other, if there is no lower, there is no higher, if there is no low, there will be no high, and if there is no bitterness, there will be no sweetness - from the "Taoist Canon".

"Hahaha, I didn't expect that the fierce and brave beast Henggongyu would be afraid of two small black plums!!"

Lin Eryi washed off his slump, laughed maniacally in the rain, stepped forward and kicked the stiff male fish on the head, and immediately kicked it sideways for several meters, leaving a clear water mark.

"Aren't you crazy? Get up, get up and continue!" Lin Er chased up and raged at the male fish crazily, as if wanting to vent out his frustration just now.

The Henggong Yu who was forced to be beaten stared wide-eyed, and the anger in his eyes was about to burst out, but the two ebony plums in his open palms were tightly attached to each other as if they had taken root on the ground, and a strange breath rushed wildly from the point of contact When it enters the body, it weakens its vigor and makes it unable to move, its scales become dull and softened, and its defense power is greatly reduced.

Lin Er's violent fists and kicks rained down on Heng Gong Yu's body, and within a moment, the scales were broken, Heng Gong Yu also turned from anger to stupor, with blood oozing from seven holes.

After venting, Lin Er was so tired that he had to stop.

Sometimes it's just so ridiculous right now.

The Henggong Yu, who was so powerful that he wiped out Linglong's gang of demon hunters, would actually fall on two unremarkable plums.

Seeing the dying enemy who killed his brother and mother back then, as if he had found an excuse for his crimes, Lin Er felt a sick sense of release in his heart, like letting go of a heavy psychological burden.

"Mr. Lin is brave and invincible. He single-handedly subdued the invincible Henggong Yu. I congratulate you on behalf of you~"

Just when Lin's two hundred tastes were meeting, a soft and charming voice came to his ears.

Looking back, I saw a beautiful figure coming in the rain.

Linglong was drenched by the heavy rain, and her well-tailored black dress clings to her body in the water, outlining a hot and graceful figure, her slightly bloodless and charming face is charming, and the two completely different temperaments of charm and purity are perfectly present It is reflected in her, but any man will feel his heart beat when he sees it.

Lin Er was no exception, with an obsessive expression and naked desire in his eyes.

Linglong didn't mind Lin Er's cannibalistic eyes, and walked up to Lin Er with a smile, and said softly, "Mr. If you offend me, I hope you will not argue with my concubine."

Lin Er raised an evil smile at the corner of his mouth, frivolously lifted his exquisite and round chin with his fingers, and smiled maliciously, "It is said in the Tao that the 'Jade Faced Rakshasa' has an exquisite mind and is the best at adapting to the wind, and he really deserves his reputation. "

"My lord, don't want to be a concubine. The world is difficult. I'm a woman. If I'm not strong, how can I shock those reckless men? My lord has a lot, so let's spare this concubine~" Linglong's beautiful eyes were full of tears, The pitiful look that was about to cry directly touched the man's most primitive desire to protect.

"Hehe, it depends on how much sincerity you have. I will decide whether to forgive you or not, my lord~" Lin Er stretched out his big hand, hugged his exquisite and petite body into his arms, and said with a smirk.

Linglong groaned, and pressed her head sideways on Lin Er's chest, tapped her fist a few times and said coquettishly, "Mr. Lin is really bad~ As long as you forgive me, I will be up to you~"

Lin Er's tone became more and more frivolous, but his eyes showed a cold light, and he seemed to say casually, "Then, would you like to show me the fragmented copy of the "Bone Demon Sutra"?"

It was too late to say it, and then it was too fast, Linglong, who was so well-behaved a second ago, suddenly looked ferocious, and two hideous phantoms of ghost babies emerged from the void, and they went straight to Lin Er's waist like lightning.

Lin Er seemed to have known Linglong would sneak attack a long time ago, and at the moment she made a move, he fully activated his mana, and his whole body was covered with golden light.

The sneak attack was unsuccessful, Linglong gave a jerk, fled a few meters away in vain, and said in a twisted voice, "Who the hell are you? How did you know that I have the fragmented copy of the "Bone Demon Sutra"?"

Lin Er did not pursue, but sneered disdainfully, "Hehe, where is there any hidden secret in the world? Do you think that no one in the world knows that "Dead Infant Sutra" and "Bone Strengthening Diamond Sutra" are both derived from "Ten Thousand Bones Sutra" Magic Sutra?"

"As for who I am, there's no need to tell you that. After all, there are some secrets that even the dead are inconvenient to tell!"

Linglong's eyebrows were darkened, and her heart was more vigilant than ever. Originally, she was going to use her beauty to seduce and kill Lin Er, but now she was revealed the biggest secret in her heart, and she couldn't keep him even more, her heart was boiling with murderous intent.

As Lin Er said, her "Dead Infant Sutra" and Chen Lang's "Bone Strengthening Diamond Sutra" are branch exercises evolved from the infamous "Bone Demon Sutra".

There is a lesson to be learned from the misfortune of Daoist Demon Bone back then. Even after his death, the Xuanmen decent sect did not let go of anyone who dared to practice the "Eternal Magic Sutra" left by him. .

As a result, in the past two hundred years, the "Myriad Bone Demon Sutra" has become a Taoist taboo.

In the early years, by chance, Linglong obtained the fragmented copy of "The Sutra of Ten Thousand Bone Demons", and comprehended the "Dead Infant Sutra" and "The Diamond Sutra of Strengthening Bone". Only then did they pull up a decent team of monster hunters.

Once the secret of her secretly practicing the "Bone Demon Sutra" is revealed, she will have no place on the land of China.

Unexpectedly, Lin Erchu deliberately approached her because he coveted the remnant copy of "The Bone Demon Sutra".

Lin Er was right, only the dead would keep secrets, no matter what, they must never be kept alive!

In an instant, the two of them had reached the point of life and death, and the dangerous atmosphere was crazily permeating.

Just when the chilling aura was about to reach its peak, an angry voice broke the deadlock.

"I said you, did you forget me?"

The two turned their heads sharply, suddenly surprised.

In the torrential rain curtain, there was a figure coming on the wind. The pouring rain seemed to be alive, and it automatically avoided the comer and opened up a vacuum zone.

Surrounded by the strong wind, the rain retreated, his eyes were like lightning, implying anger, it was Yuan Yutang who came!

"How did you unlock the medicinal power of Jue Mai San so quickly?"

Linglong and Lin Er were shocked at the same time.

No wonder they feel incredible.

Jiemaisan is Linglong's unique secret recipe, but Lin Er has personally seen a warlock at the peak of the monk realm capsize in the gutter after eating it.

Logically speaking, Yuan Yutang is just a fledgling sorcerer, no matter how talented he is, it is impossible to undo the medicinal power of Jiemaisan so quickly.

However, the incident was so miraculous that Yuan Yutang was free after less than a day.

They tried their best but couldn't figure out how Yuan Yutang did it.

Although Lin Er and Linglong fell in love and killed each other so resolutely, in fact, they both suffered a big loss from Heng Gongyu. At this time, their injuries were quite serious, and their strength was not half of what they were in their heyday.

Yuan Yutang's entry at this time is definitely not good news for them who are harboring ulterior motives.

Before finding out Yuan Yutang's cards, killing each other must be the way to death.

With life and death at stake, personal grievances are nothing but floating clouds. The two looked at each other secretly and immediately reached a consensus.

The next moment, the two attacked Yuan Yutang at the same time.

Yuan Yutang expressed his disdain for this, and his heart was full of killing intent. Even if the two of them didn't attack him, he would never let them go!

And the reason why he untied Jiemaisan so quickly was the sudden rainstorm that he should be most grateful for.

With the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain', he seems to be the home court in the rainstorm, which speeds up the speed at which he impacts the medicine, so he can recover automatically so quickly.

It's just that although Jumaisan was cured, his injury has not healed, and now using mana in vain will greatly delay the recovery time.

But it doesn't matter anymore, Linglong and Lin Er are not dead, he is hard to calm down!

No matter how much he paid, he would not hesitate!

crackle!

A bolt of lightning tore through the sky, and the three figures were quickly entangled in the rainstorm.

Lin Er will push the Kunlun sect's orthodox Taoism "Liu Ding Liu Jia Shen Jiang Gong" to the extreme, and the phantoms of twelve majestic gods will besiege them like real entities, with swords, guns, swords and halberds, like a sudden rain Hit Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang was happy and fearless, with a thought, a violent wind boiled, sweeping all directions like a stormy sea, and the phantom weapon of the god general stopped in mid-air.

Linglong was as fast as a ghost, and her body was full of ghostly aura. Seven hideous ghost babies tore through the void and attacked from seven directions at the same time.

Yuan Yutang narrowed his eyes slightly, and the pouring down raindrops suddenly stagnated and then accelerated in vain, shooting like needles in a rainstorm.

Before the seven-headed ghost baby could get close, it was riddled with holes by the dense rainwater, and disappeared without a word.

The supernatural powers of Tiangang, formed by the nature of the heaven and the earth, are the most effective in restraining evil and unclean things. Linglong, who doesn't know the details, even drives the ghost baby to attack Yuan Yutang, undoubtedly seeking her own death.

The ghost baby fed with painstaking efforts was destroyed, and Linglong felt the backlash, her face turned pale, and she spit out a cluster of black blood when she opened her mouth, she was thrown out like a rag bag, and she was already dying on the ground.

Linglong's instant defeat made Lin Er's heart skip a beat. He never thought that the weak-looking Yuan Yutang would be so ridiculously strong.

It's just that now that the battlefield is controlled by Yuan Yutang, how can Lin Er be allowed to survive.

Lin Er knew it well, and desperately poured mana into the phantom of the twelve generals.

The phantom of the general was originally an illusion, but with the blessing of mana, it suddenly became extremely solid, as if the real general had descended to the mortal world and launched a fearless charge against Yuan Yutang.

Taking this opportunity, Lin Er turned around and fled desperately.

Yuan Yutang sneered, suppressing the blood rushing to his throat, and raised his hand, the storm around him immediately turned into countless wind blades and rain guns, rushing towards the twelve generals.

Puff puff!

The continuous sound of tearing continued, and the phantoms of the god generals were smashed into pieces in Ba Lie Wutao's offensive.

The phantoms of the twelve gods represent the foundation of Lin Er's entire cultivation, so every time a phantom is shattered, a part of his foundation is destroyed, and the sharp pain is like a thousand arrows piercing the heart, almost making him faint on the spot.

Although God General Xu Ying was tenacious, he was quickly slaughtered.

At this time, Lin Er managed to escape fifty meters away.

Yuan Yutang took advantage of the victory to pursue, and the sound of the wind blade and rain gun piercing the air was mixed with his roar:

"Dog thief, the humiliation of the day, I will pay back a hundred times now, and take my life!"

Lin Er's ghosts were all alive, and before he had time to react, he was cut into minced meat by the oncoming wind and rain.


		