

The old hag, the culprit of the serial extermination case that caused a lot of trouble in the city, was crushed and killed by Naimertai just like that.

Although the old witch is dead, the matter is not over yet.

Especially after Wu Basan, an official family, heard that Naimertai blew his identity, he would not end it easily.

A former chief of the wolf tribe sneaked into the territory of Daxia alone. If he said that he had no intention, even a three-year-old child would not believe it.

Wu Basan didn't know it, but now that he knows it, he can't be indifferent to anything.

Naimertai sneered at Wu Basan's appearance as if he was facing a formidable enemy, but his next move was completely beyond Yuan Yutang's expectation.

After he left a sentence lightly, he jumped and disappeared on the roof.

"Give the Pilongjiao to Boy Yuan, and ask him to wait for me in Honghe Town, Yanzhou in ten days. If he dares to obstruct or break his promise, labor and management will go to Tianma City to personally pick off Sun Yuanhao's dog head!"

Sun Yuanhao is the admiral of the Six Doors.

Yuan Yutang: ...

Looking at Wu Basan, who was hostile, Yuan Yutang twitched his face with difficulty, and said with a wry smile, "If, if I say that I am not familiar with Naimertai, would you believe me?"

Wu Basan patted his shoulder with a smile on his face, and then slammed his palm on the back of his neck.

When the eyes dimmed, Yuan Yutang knew nothing.


After an unknown amount of time, Yuan Yutang woke up quietly, his nasal cavity was instantly filled with an unprecedented stench, and he couldn't help bending over and retching.

He swore he had never smelled such a bad smell in his life.

Even if an offensive and defensive battle broke out before, Tongshan Pass, where corpses were strewn all over the field, did not smell so bad now.

It's hard to describe the stinky smell. It seems to be stinky stagnant water, excrement that hasn't been cleaned up for a long time, rotten musty smell, dead body rotting smell and other pungent smells are all mixed together, which has already exceeded the limit of physiological tolerance.

In the extremely quiet environment, Yuan Yutang's gagging sound was like a switch, instantly resonating with the surroundings.

In an instant, it seemed as if the surroundings turned into a noisy vegetable market, and the noises of each were immediately mixed together:

"Let me out, I am wronged!"

"Help, the inmate is pulling my pants again, I beg you to be kind and help me change another cell~"

"Dog officer, don't let me have a chance to go out, or you will kill your whole family, hahaha~"

Yuan Yutang vomited until his stomach was sour, and when he couldn't vomit, he regained his energy.

He just glanced around inadvertently, and he was immediately stunned.

The surrounding area is made of dirt-covered stones, and above his head is an exhaust window the size of a fist. The bright and cold moonlight shines in through the exhaust window, allowing him to see that in front of him is a man with a width of half a palm and the thickness of an arm. wooden fence.

He was sitting on a musty, sour, tattered straw mat, with damp, yellow straw covered under his feet.

This mysteriously familiar scene instantly awakened a fragment deep in his memory.

This, isn't this the prison scene I saw when I went to see the Three-Headed True Monarch before?

How the hell am I in jail?

In an instant, he connected the front and back, and immediately figured out the current situation.

Nai Nai, this time, Nam Ertai's grandson made a fool of her! !

It must be Wu Basan, the bastard who crossed the river and demolished the bridge, suspected that he had colluded with Naimertai, so he threw himself into prison without asking why.

Yuan Yutang couldn't sit still when he thought of the situation where the guards in that prison didn't treat the prisoners as human beings and killed them wantonly.

Rolling and climbing up, struggling to stretch out his arms to swagger

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, shouted sharply:

"Come here, I want to see Wu Basan, my mother was wronged!"

However, Yuan Yutang's cry for injustice was quickly drowned out by the noise of the prisoners.

What's more, he seemed to be annoyed that his voice was suppressed by Yuan Yutang, and he howled hysterically with all his strength.

For a while, the cell was like a large choir, shouting and shouting in disorder one after another.

Yuan Yutang slumped down as if discouraged, staring blankly at the moldy and damp ceiling in a daze.

Beating into tricks and framing Zhongliang are the skills of low-level officials.

Today's bureaucratic style of corrupt officials is rampant, let alone he really knows Naimertai, even if he is really innocent, he will definitely not fall well.

Inexplicably, Yuan Yutang felt his nose sour and had the urge to cry.

"What's the noise? You don't need to sleep when you're crying and howling in the middle of the night!"

All of a sudden, a loud roar suddenly overwhelmed the prisoner's howl.

Immediately afterwards, all the prisoners fell silent for a moment, and obediently shrank back without daring to make a sound, obviously because they were terribly afraid of the person who made the sound.

Yuan Yutang's spirit was shaken, and he was shocked to find that the person who spoke just now was actually in his own cell, so he turned his head to look hastily.

From the shadows in the corner, a tall man with unkempt face and black prison uniform appeared out of nowhere, staring at Yuan Yutang, the instigator of the disturbing dream, with a hostile expression on his face.

Yuan Yutang remained vigilant, and slowly stood up against the wooden fence.

The phenomenon of bullying has never stopped since ancient times, especially in prisons. The tall man in front of him is obviously not a good person, Yuan Yutang dare not take it lightly.

The two of them stared at each other for a while, then the tall man suddenly smiled and asked with great interest, "New here?"

Yuan Yutang didn't speak.

The tall man asked again, "What crime did you commit?"

Yuan Yutang still didn't speak.

The two confronted each other for a while, and the tall man pursed his mouth in disgust, muttered boringly, and went back to the corner to continue sleeping.

Yuan Yutang didn't relax until he heard thunderous snoring from the corner.

Just now he was really afraid that a tall man would be against him. With his current state, he might not even be able to do it with a slightly stronger man of the same age, let alone a tall and powerful man with Kong Wu.

Fortunately, it was a false alarm and everything was fine.

After rejoicing, he started to worry again.

What can I do to get rid of my charges?

He didn't want to lose his life in this dark prison in a daze.


After tossing around for most of the night, frightened and panicked, coupled with the fact that his injury hadn't healed, he couldn't hold it anymore, and fell asleep in a daze.

After an unknown amount of time, he seemed to be awakened by a rustling sound.

Remembering that he was in prison, he hurriedly opened his eyes and got up.

Unexpectedly, a big hand suddenly covered his mouth and nose from behind.

Yuan Yutang's face turned pale with shock, some horrible images about the prison appeared in his mind, and he struggled desperately.

In a panic, he suddenly heard a depressed and anxious voice coming from his ear:

"Hush, don't make a sound if you don't want to die!"

Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang struggled even more when he heard it.

The tall man seemed to know that there might be ambiguity in this statement, so he quickly explained it again.

"There is a ghost, don't make a sound!"

Speaking of that, he pointed to the inexplicable whiteness surrounding him.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

fog.

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, then looked outside the cell in doubt.

In an instant, goose bumps appeared all over his body.

At the end of the dark corridor, three shadows were slowly approaching.

He had observed it before, and the ceiling of the cell was at least one and a half feet high, and the heads of those three strange black shadows were almost touching the ceiling.

Ordinary people are only eight or nine feet tall, and if they exceed this height, they must be inhuman!

In other words, those three ridiculously tall shadows are ghosts!

Pat, clack, clack!

At this time, the cell was terribly dead silent, as if everyone disappeared at once, only the sound of heavy footsteps echoed in the cramped corridor, like stepping on Yuan Yutang's heart.

The eerie white mist surged like life, and it was like a ghost with teeth and claws.

Combined, it is an extremely horrifying horror scene.

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened, and he didn't dare to move even without the reminder from the tall man behind him.

He doesn't have the capital to compete with ghosts now, if he doesn't want to die, he can only follow his heart.

When he got closer, Yuan Yutang was horrified to find that the three tall ghosts were all wearing a tattered and large cloak that completely covered their whole body, and they were wearing hats with veils on their heads, so they couldn't see their faces clearly. Stepping on the threatening white mist, like a ghost crawling out of hell.

Yuan Yutang and the two did not dare to breathe, they stared at the three tall ghosts strolling past in the courtyard.

Fortunately, the three ghost figures didn't seem to notice them, and went straight into the wall at the end of the corridor.

Strange to say, after the ghost shadow disappeared, the lingering white mist also disappeared.

Immediately afterwards, the entire prison seemed to boil instantly, and the sound of violent panting was endless.

The tall man covering Yuan Yutang's mouth and nose was greatly relieved, let go of his palm, and muttered with lingering fear, "Phew, I lived another night, I made a profit."

Yuan Yutang collapsed limply on the tattered straw mat as if his strength had been drained.

Seeing that he hadn't come back to his soul for a long time, the tall man sat down beside him, randomly picked a straw from the ground and put it in his mouth, and whispered, "Prison is one of the most evil places in the world. It has been full of evil ways since ancient times. It's a matter, anyway, as long as we don't get noticed, we'll be fine, just get used to it."

Yuan Yutang turned over angrily, and said sullenly, "What would happen if you were discovered by those three ghosts just now?"

The tall man sneered, "Do you still need to ask? Of course I was taken away by the soul, so I burped on the spot!"

Yuan Yutang smiled blushingly, knowing that he asked an idiot question.

People don't harm ghosts, ghosts harm people's hearts.

Since ancient times, humans and ghosts have different paths, and no ghost is willing to let go of the opportunity to harm people.

After thinking for a while, Yuan Yutang forced his weak body to stand up, and solemnly bowed to the tall man with his legs crossed, "I will never forget your kindness in saving your life. If there is a chance in the future, I will definitely repay you."

The tall man glanced at Yuan Yutang and said with a disdainful smile, "You and I are both prisoners who don't know what will happen tomorrow. What's the point of talking nonsense? Can you still rescue me?"

Yuan Yutang bowed down and insisted, "Knowing kindness and repaying it is the principle of being a human being, and kindness is kindness. You can't pretend that it didn't happen just because you can't repay it temporarily. Please tell me your name!"

The tall man was immediately amused, turned over and sat up, and looked at Yuan Yutang steadily, seeing that he did not seem to be lying, he smiled a little seriously, "Hahaha, what an interesting kid, it's a pity that he suffered a crime, it's rare If you have this thought, no matter what, a certain family will tell you your name."

"Listen carefully, a certain family is a cabinet doctor, Zhuge Wolong is also!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		