

After listening to Yuan Yutang Jian Chengming's speech, the illusory voice-over neither agreed nor denied it.

It seems that there is no clear debate between good and evil in the world, and no conclusion can be drawn. The beginning is inexplicable, and the end is also inexplicable.

Suddenly, a brocade box was suspended in front of Yuan Yutang strangely.

Subconsciously opening it, there lay a palm-sized exquisite small ancestral hall made of countless crystal white bones as thin as toothpicks.

Picking up the small ancestral hall of bones, Yuan Yutang felt a buzzing in his mind, and an inexplicable message was poured into his memory out of thin air.

This object is called the Shrine of the Relics of the Immortals, and it is the guardian bone of Zhuge Tianji who beheaded one hundred and eight great monsters in the world for evil and chaos when he was in his prime. Roasting with fire for a year, then quenching the fire with the ice of the north for a year, and then collecting nine days of thunder consecration and tempering for a year, in order to practice this treasure beyond the heavenly spirit treasure.

Here I want to explain what is called a guardian bone.

The guardian bone is a bone unique to the great monsters in the world. All the monsters who are weird and promoted to the big demon will condense and quickly become the essence. Therefore, in order to protect the fragile soul, the big monsters will instinctively give birth to a new bone. The bones are used to house the primordial spirit that has not yet been fully solidified.

This bone is the ultimate refining material that the refiner dreams of. It is hard to come by, because the big monster often chooses to destroy the god-protecting bone before he dies, in order not to let the human race defile his body, unless his strength crushes it. Above the big monster, it is possible to get it by killing it before it has time to self-destruct, and it can keep the heavenly spirit treasure safe.

It took Zhuge Tianji three years to refine the supreme treasure, the Hundred Immortal Bone Temple, which has a single function, but it is also very against the sky. Regardless of the difference in realm, once it is activated, even the immortals in the realm of the earth fairy will be willing to be driven.

This is outrageous. Although most of the fairy families in the world are concentrated in the base camp of the Northeast Road, the number of scattered fairy families in the eight paths of the country is also amazing.

As long as someone relies on the Shrine of the Relics of Hundred Immortals, he can order all the immortal families in the area, and it is no longer a fantasy to form an army by one person.

This is simply a summoning artifact! !

What's even more outrageous is that this treasure doesn't need mana to drive it, and even ordinary people with no cultivation base can use it, which simply subverts the world's perception of the fairy family's magic weapon.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help clicking his tongue when he saw this.

On the surface, it seems that the function of the Hundred Immortal Bone Shrine is similar to that of the Liujia Thaumaturgy, which was banned by the heavens, to command the Immortal God of Mountains and Rivers, but it is more convenient than the Liujia Thaumaturgy. Is the Supreme Treasure really flawless?

the answer is negative.

The Temple of the Bone of the Immortals seems to have gained an immediate boost in strength, but it has a fatal flaw.

That is, although this treasure does not need to be powered by magic power, it consumes the lifespan of the user! !

Before ascending to immortality, everyone, including the gods on land, has a certain number of Yangshou. Every time you use the Hundred Immortals Bone Shrine, your Yangshou will be greatly consumed. The more immortal families you order, the stronger the immortal family will be. If it is strong, it will increase the consumption of Yangshou.

According to the instructions, if an ordinary person orders ten monk-level fairy families at once, even the young and strong will die.

It's the same for a warlock. Yuan Yutang roughly estimated the consumption ratio. If a warlock's life source is stronger than ordinary people, he can only use it three or four times in his life. Fortunately, the number of times can be reduced.

Of course, Yuan Yutang's estimation standard is his current cultivator level, and he has no way of knowing how much Yangshou will be in the upper level.

In a word

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

To sum up, this thing is a pit, and it is simply foolish to trade your life for power assistance.

Yuan Yutang, who has the magic power of Liujia Qimen, is not too urgently in need of the Shrine of the Remains of the Hundred Immortals, but it is still advisable as a means of suppressing the bottom of the box. What if it will come in handy someday?

Looking around with the incomparably rare treasure in his hand, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but have a question:

Could this be the great opportunity that Zhuge Tianji said?

Don't feel right?

Before Yuan Yutang could figure out the clue, a blur appeared in front of him in a trance, and the surrounding scene rippled like a mirror in water.

When everything returned to normal, Yuan Yutang was shocked again.

He was inexplicably teleported into a ruins, ruined walls everywhere, an unattainable and magnificent mountain in the distance, and the dark sky covered with thunder and thunder, just like the legendary Nine Nether Thunder Pool.

Suddenly, thunderous roars came one after another, and each sound was like a giant hammer hitting his heart, making Yuan Yutang feel terrified involuntarily.

The most frightening thing is that there is a gigantic monster that can't be seen from head to tail, and is nailed to the mountain by extremely thick iron nails. The scene was extremely shocking.

That huge monster has antlers, a snake body, a mirage belly, fish scales, and eagle claws and cow ears.

It is a living giant dragon! !

Yuan Yutang felt that his tongue was so dry that he could not take his eyes off the giant dragon on the mountain and could not speak.

No matter in the past or present, the dragon has a special affection for the descendants of China.

Although dragons are ethereal creatures, they have never appeared in front of the public despite numerous witnesses, and their charm cannot be concealed.

Although Yuan Yutang had personally seen a hundred-foot-long giant dragon-like wild god in the battle of Fulong Mountain, but a dragon is a dragon and a dragon is a dragon, they cannot be generalized.

When a living dragon really appeared in front of the eyes, the shock was hard to describe.

While Yuan Yutang was shocked, the doubts in his heart also quietly disappeared.

That's right, at least it has to be at this level to be worthy of the great opportunity that Zhuge Tianji said...

and many more!

In this way, the instigator of the giant dragon being pinned to death on the mountain was not the work of Zhuge Tianji?

Yuan Yutang was shocked when he thought of this.

"Yin~"

rumbling~

A huge dragon's roar that shook the heavens and the earth sounded like thunder, and the dying dragon suddenly struggled frantically, desperately trying to pull up the body that was nailed to the mountain with thick iron nails.

In an instant, the ground shook, and the flying stones were like locusts, as if the entire giant mountain was about to be trampled.

unexpected!

Just when the giant dragon was about to escape, something slowly descended from the thunder-covered sky. This thing was as big as a house, shaped like a millstone, and emitted bright blue light.

The brilliant blue light turned into a godly chain, which was gently but firmly tied to the rioting dragon on the mountain.

Seeing this, the giant dragon couldn't help wailing in despair. The body that had already pulled out nearly half of the nails seemed to be squeezed by an invisible heavy object, and was irreversibly pressed down again.

This is not over yet, the gorgeous blue divine chain has not yet disappeared after suppressing the dragon, it suddenly collapsed, bursting out countless starlight, and then condensed into mysterious and obscure runes that fell on each nail.

Even with the ability to soar to the nine heavens, under the unknown power

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, the dragon can only be suppressed obediently and cannot move like the monkey grandson who can't turn over the Tathagata Five Fingers Mountain.

Witnessing the miraculous scene with his own eyes had a great spiritual impact on Yuan Yutang.

At the same time, there was another strange situation that puzzled him.

Since the appearance of the huge millstone, he was horrified to find that the miraculous energy absorbed from Ornov disappeared inexplicably, just like the mana disappeared inexplicably when he first entered the secret realm.

If he guessed correctly, the effect of the huge millstone that is not below the level of the Bone of the Hundred Immortals is definitely related to the suppression.

A doubt is explained, and a doubt follows.

Zhuge Tianji tried his best to lure himself here, what was the reason for it?

Thinking that a scheming person like him would never do useless work, he couldn't make a dragon just to show off to him who is also a time traveler, right?

Yuan Yutang vaguely seemed to have grasped a clue, but at the same time seemed to have grasped nothing. This indistinct feeling drove him extremely crazy.

"Heh~ the giant dragon, it is really a giant dragon. It seems that the legend that Zhuge Tianji cut off the northern dragon's veins before his fall is not a fiction~"

Just as Yuan Yutang was thinking hard, suddenly there was a voice of ecstasy from behind, which immediately startled him.

Looking back anxiously, I found a muddy weirdo appearing silently from behind.

The weird man turned a blind eye to Yuan Yutang, as if his whole mind was attracted by the giant dragon nailed to the mountain, and murmured to himself dreamily, "If you get one of the three great dragon veins in the world, you can crack the earth and seal the king. But the king is in the world... The reason why the Great Xia Dynasty has been rebelling year after year is that its position was not right. At the beginning of the founding of the country, only the two dragon veins of the south and the center were conquered from the previous dynasty, and the remaining dragon veins of the north were missing..."

"It has been rumored for a long time that Zhuge Tianji knew that the Taizun Dynasty could not be saved by manpower, so he cut off the northern dragon vein, the first of the three dragon veins, in order to make a comeback in the future..."

"Unexpectedly, countless warlocks have exhausted their efforts to search for the northern dragon veins that have not been discovered for more than three hundred years, and they can actually take shape, just like living things!"

"Dragon veins are erratic, running through the world, and gaining the control of a dragon vein can make millions of soldiers and horses fly thousands of miles away and remain invincible forever... If such a rare treasure is not used, it will turn the treasure into dust. Zhuge Pifu is simply reckless!"

After a pause, the mud monster felt sad, and suddenly he choked on self-deprecating, "Even if I get the control of the Northern Dragon Vein, so what, I'm already alone, and I have no chance..."

Talking about the Muddy Monster crying, "Ah, oh, oh, it's all Situ Hongyi and Yuan Yutang's fault. One ruined my foundation, the other ruined my hope. They deserve to be killed, and they all deserve to be hacked into pieces!"

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang, who was about to go up to inquire, was shocked when he heard the words, as if he had been brushed by countless blades, and he was extremely horrified from the inside out.

No wonder the voice was so familiar, Yuan Yutang finally remembered who the muddy monster in front of him was.

Isn't it Naimertai who almost put him to death?

Fuck, how could you be so unlucky to meet this evil star?

Recalling the scene of being abused in the dense forest without any power to fight back, Yuan Yutang retreated instantly, and without thinking about it, he hurriedly retreated.

However, Naimertai found him at this time, he was taken aback for a moment, and then roared angrily:

"There's nowhere to go after breaking through the iron shoes, I never thought I would run into you!"

"Yuan Yutang, take your life!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		