

It snowed for three consecutive days, so that Yuan Yutang couldn't make it on his way, so he could only stay in the cave with Chi Tusuo.

On the fourth day, when the snow finally cleared, Yuan Yutang set out on the road.

At this time, Tongshan Pass is already tens of miles away. If the weather does not deteriorate, they can arrive within two days.

However, the weather is not beautiful, the three-day blizzard freezes thousands of miles, and there is knee-deep snow everywhere.

Under the fluffy white snow, I don't know what the road conditions are. It is easy to have an accident if you step on the air. Even Yuan Yutang dared not venture in. He carefully led the red rabbit to walk, leaving a series of footprints, just like painting on rice paper.

The closer he gets to Tongshan Pass, the more Yuan Yutang feels the uncanny workmanship of nature. Behind him is a vast snowfield, but in front of him is rolling towering mountains. It seems that there is an invisible dividing line that divides the two places into different scenery. world.

Tongshan Pass originated from the Anlan Mountains, one of the Twelve Ancestral Lines of Daxia. It is different from the Saibei Plain of Yimapingchuan. The battleground for military strategists, together with Tianxiong Pass, Shenjian Pavilion and Zijin Pass, is known as the four great passes in the world.

Looking at Qixiong's winding mountain, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling overwhelmed and wanted to compose an impromptu poem, but the ancient poems he had learned had long been returned to the teacher, and he couldn't hold in a complete line for a long time, so he had to give up .

After walking for more than 20 miles, the sunset slanted, the orange glow filled the edge of the mountains, and the snow on the ground reflected the red light. It was like being in a dreamy and blurred fairy tale world, which was so beautiful.

It's rare to get wind and snow tonight, the sky is clear and the stars are clear, like a galaxy hanging across the sky.

Looking at the beautiful scenery beyond the Great Wall, Yuan Yutang felt that the depression in his heart had quietly dissipated.

After going back for two miles, he found the outline of a village in front of him.

Just before he got close, Yuan Yutang sensed that something was wrong, and his handsome sword eyebrows could not help but frown.

The air was filled with an unspeakable smell of scorched stench and blood, and black smoke could be vaguely seen rising from the village, and complicated footprints were scattered on the thin snow along the path, and the surroundings were dead silent, as if no one was dead. .

All kinds of signs seem to indicate ominous.

Yuan Yutang withdrew his gaze, led the slightly uneasy Chitu, and strode towards the village in stride.

The closer they got, the anger in Yuan Yutang's heart boiled.

I saw a black shadow hanging from a locust tree with a crooked neck at the entrance of the village, shaking with the night wind, and there was a dry black mark on the ground.

Yuan Yutang's brows twitched sharply, his eyes showed killing intent.

That was a young girl who was so passive, naked, half of her skin was peeled off!

Looking left and right, Yuan Yutang found that there were many frozen corpses lying in the weeds on the left and right sides of the village road, and the fresh snow could not cover the blood stains on the ground.

Most of the houses in the village have traces of being scorched by the fire. Through the collapsed walls, you can still see the charred corpses with twisted limbs in the charred ruins.

A gust of night wind suddenly blows up the snow foam on the ground, and also blows away the floating clouds in the sky, and the waning moon casts a cold glow.

Under the bleak moonlight, Yuan Yutang wandered around the village, but there was no one alive in the village!

This is not the work of demons!

Monsters can only eat people, they will never set fire!

Only human beings can do such unconscionable beasts!

Yuan Yutang felt that his chest was constricted and uncomfortable, the veins on his forehead were throbbing, and his fists were clenched.

The culprit of the evil has already fled, so what's the use of being furious now?

With a faint sigh, Yuan Yutang looked sad, turned around and found a broken farm tool in a half-collapsed house, and went to the open space at the head of the village to start digging.

One, two, three...

After working hard until the fifth watch of the month, Yuan Yutang dug out seventy-eight large pits.

Rolling up his sleeves, Yuan Yutang returned to the village and began to collect the bones.

They are all poor people, who unfortunately were born in a war-torn land. Since they suffered bad luck during their lifetime, they should be buried in the earth after death.

It has been half a month since he came to this grotesque ancient world, and Yuan Yutang's nerves have been tempered to be extremely tough, and he has long been familiar with the miserable death of corpses.

He originally intended to help the dead villagers to collect the bones, but he encountered difficulties in the actual operation.

Some charred corpses were easy to restrain, but the most troublesome thing for him was the severed limbs and broken arms, and he didn't know the villagers, so how could he piece together the whole corpse.

In the end, they were no longer buried separately, and all of them were buried in one cave, so that there is me in you, and you in me, and there is no trouble of confusion.

After a long time of busy work, Yuan Yutang finally solved this big project.

Wiping off the sweat on his forehead, he took out the smoke ring, and smoked half a pot of cigarettes to relieve his fatigue. Afterwards, Yuan Yutang put on his clothes and sat cross-legged in front of a new mixed-burial grave, sincerely reciting the soul-saving mantra:

"Men and women, wild ghosts and wandering souls... cross the mortal world, like floating clouds, leave no traces... leave no love, leave no hatred, leave no traces..."

During the three consecutive soul-saving mantras full of vows, Yuan Yutang was silently filled with simple and peaceful 'villagers'.

A white-haired old man came out of the crowd, and bowed with tears in his eyes, "Thank you for your mercy, sir, for saving me and other wild ghosts without a master. If you are a good man, you will be rewarded, and you will surely be blessed and prosperous forever, and your destiny will be Chang'an."

At this time, a young girl with delicate features also came out, and said all blessings tenderly, and said shyly, "Little girl, thank you brother for giving you the clothes to cover your body, but there is no chance to repay you in this life, and you will be a cow and horse in the next life to repay your brother's great kindness." .”

This young girl is the naked female corpse that was hung at the entrance of the village.

Yuan Yutang's face was neither sad nor happy, and he replied calmly, "You don't need to be too polite, and the effort of raising your hands is not worth mentioning. Since your lifespan is over, you will return to the shadows, don't be greedy for the prosperity of the world."

All the 'villagers' heard the words and bowed in unison, "Respect your son's decree, the villain will return to Yinming immediately!"

Yuan Yutang said again, "Everyone, don't worry, you can tell me the whereabouts of the culprit who killed you, and I will avenge you."

After hearing this, the 'villagers' looked at each other in dismay, and after a long time, the old man who looked like a village official said with a wry smile, "As the young master said, we are no longer living in this world, ashes return to ashes, and all grievances and grievances in the world have nothing to do with us. , I am already grateful for your kindness, and I really don't want to put you in danger, so don't mention this matter again."

"Really willing?" Yuan Yutang asked with lightning eyes.

"Willing~" the old man replied sincerely, and the rest of the 'villagers' also echoed.

After gazing for a long time, Yuan Yutang knew that these simple 'villagers' did not want to be in danger, so he waved his hand and said, "In that case, let's go."

"The villain waits to say goodbye to the young master." The'villagers' said their farewell sincerely.

At the end, the old man reminded, "If you have nothing important to do, my lord, don't go near Tongshan Pass. The military situation there is fierce and it's going to be ominous. Remember, remember!"

Huh~

A dark cloud drifted across the cold moon, temporarily covering the light, and when the moonlight fell again, the fields in front of Yuan Yutang were silent, and there was no one left.

Yuan Yutang patted his buttocks and got up, looked at the direction of Tongshan Pass, and said to himself, "Is the military affairs serious?"


In a room of an inn in Lanzhou City, the capital of the Northeast Road, a middle-aged man in a coquettish purple dress and heavy makeup was sitting cross-legged on a futon.

Suddenly, a pale golden light burst out of the open window.

The middle-aged man with colorful makeup suddenly opened his eyes, and the pale golden light group had already flown to him, turning into a blurred human silhouette, and said tragically:

"Daddy, the child's physical body has been destroyed, please save the child~"

The middle-aged man with colorful makeup suddenly stood up, and with a wave of his hand, the doors and windows closed automatically, and a small magic circle enveloped the room. The bulging magic power machine was like viscous mercury, stabilizing the shaky figure of the blurred figure.

"Lin Er, what happened?" the middle-aged man with colorful makeup asked sharply.

The fuzzy figure called Lin Er knelt down with a plop, hugged the thigh of the middle-aged man with colorful make-up and cried loudly, "Daddy, the baby is so miserable. The mission is progressing smoothly, so I can take the Henggong fish for Daddy right away." , forced to find out the location of the "Eternal Magic Sutra", how could I know that at the critical moment, a young warlock attacked me, even if I called out my father's name, it didn't work, and chopped my body into minced meat, ouch~"

"It's okay for my child to give up my body, but the thief is really hateful, even my father doesn't look down on me. I really can't swallow this tone. I beg my father to help me reshape my body. Let Daddy vent your anger!"

The middle-aged man with colorful makeup who was still furious at first became calmer the more he listened, and finally sneered, "Hehe, I didn't expect my son Lin Er to be so filial. It's really rare."

"Father~" Lin Er broke down in tears, "I really feel wronged for my father. A mere young boy dares to shamelessly humiliate his father. If it accidentally gets out, wouldn't it be an insult to his reputation?"

The middle-aged man with colorful makeup was really tired of hearing it, kicked Lin Er away in disgust, and cursed, "You trash, you can't even complete such a simple task, what use are you for?"

"Daddy, I am your only blood now~" Lin Er persevered as he walked forward on his knees, and cried while hugging the thigh of a middle-aged man with colorful make-up.

"That's because your elder brother was killed by your own hands!" The middle-aged man with colorful makeup gritted his teeth, "If it wasn't for my inhumanity, if it wasn't for your elder brother's death, how could I allow you to live till now!"

"I know I was wrong, I don't want to die, please save my life~" Lin Er continued to cry.

"Noisy!"

The middle-aged man with colorful makeup drank loudly in vain, and squeezed the formula with his hands to look like a vase. An invisible suction force was born out of thin air, and Lin Er's soul was sucked into his sleeve.

Finally calmed down, the middle-aged man with colorful makeup sat down in front of the coffee table, and said with a smirk, "How courageous! I don't know whose family's high-student dares to kill even my son who is a 'lack of respect'! I will keep this account If you have a chance in the future, you will definitely come to ask for it back!"

After a pause, the middle-aged man with colorful makeup turned his eyes to the direction of Tongshan Pass, and said in an inexplicable tone, "Calculating the time, the wolf army should start attacking Tongshan Pass. I have to speed up, or I will miss the leader." It's a big deal, it's really a death sentence..."

After all, the middle-aged man with colorful makeup interlaced his hands in the shape of a lotus flower, with an extremely devout and enthusiastic expression, looking at the northwest and saying to himself:

"The red lotus descends to the earth, and the people turn around. The year is approaching, and the world will be blessed!"

"God bless my Red Lotus Sect!!"


		