

There are no stars and moons in the sky tonight, the clouds are very low, and there is no light at all.

After nightfall, the surrounding temperature dropped sharply, and it didn't take long for a strong wind to blow, mixed with icy cold drizzle.

Wangjia Village is extremely quiet tonight. There are no lights and candles, no dogs barking and insects singing. In the darkness, there are blurred buildings standing here and there, as if the village has been empty.

There was no light in Cao Ying's house, so she and Mian Hulu snuggled together silently in the darkness of the east wing, and her son's unconscious cough could be heard from outside the yard from time to time.

The dull gourd put his arms around Cao Ying's shoulders, caressing Cao Ying's bare hands with rough hands, his face was extremely firm.

Cao Ying snuggled into the bosom of the stuffy gourd, her nostrils greedily sniffed the strong masculinity, and her eyes were full of affection.

"Hey~"

Suddenly, the dull gourd let out a faint sigh, breaking the silent warmth.

Cao Ying raised her head, her eyes gazed tenderly as if she could speak.

As if with a heart-to-heart connection, Men Hulu understood the meaning expressed in Cao Ying's eyes, and said with a wry smile, "Ying Niang, I was wondering why I didn't meet you sooner? If I had met you sooner, I wouldn't have let you eat so much." What a pain."

Hearing this, Cao Ying chuckled, changed a more comfortable position in the muffled gourd's arms, and said softly, "My family is a miserable person, and my husband died early, thinking that I have nothing to hope for in this life except my son, but I don't want God to take you away. Take it to the slave family, and if we can meet and get acquainted with you, the slave family will be satisfied."

"Yeah, I'm the same." Men Hulu nodded seriously, and said regretfully, "It's a pity that I haven't had time to hire a sedan chair for eight people, and the Ming media is marrying you home, and let you follow me without a name, it's really hard you……"

"Stop talking~" Cao Ying covered her mouth, and smiled sweetly like a 28-year-old girl. Just smiling, two lines of clear tears couldn't help shedding, and choked up, "My family is just a broken flower, Thanks to you for not giving up, I have no regrets in this life~

I just want to ask you one last question, are you really willing to go to hell with my family? "

Poor Gourd lowered his head, stared deeply into Cao Ying's eyes, and nodded devoutly, "Yes, I am willing."

"Born in the same quilt, died in the same coffin, hold the hand of the son, and die with the son!"

These words were not so much words of love, but rather a promise from a man, which to Cao Ying's ears was even more beautiful than an oath of eternal love, and she immediately forgot about her feelings and threw the gourd down.

Soon rustling, suppressed breathing sounded in the darkness.


Different from the warmth and passion of Cao Ying's family, Wang Ergou's family not far away is extremely depressed.

Wang Ergou is a butcher in the village. With his ancestral craftsmanship, his face is full of meat, his arms are big and his waist is round. He kills more pigs than ordinary people eat salt.

Although his pig-killing skills are superb, he is not popular in the village.

There is no other reason, but because his temper is too violent, and he often shoots and hurts people.

When Wang Ergou was young, he was a well-known gangster in the whole city of Qingzhou. Fighting and fighting were commonplace. He even married two wives, but he beat them all away, so he was still alone in his fifty years.

Moreover, many old people in the village knew that he and the child prodigy Wang Zhongqing were best friends, and they were so close that they could wear a pair of trousers.

But that year he was also the first to break into Wang Zhongqing, personally hold down his sympathetic brother, and then personally send his sister-in-law to the temporary residence of the corrupt official.

Let’s say regret it, it’s not enough for Wang Ergou who believes in ‘people don’t kill themselves for their own sake’.

After all, no one's life is as precious as his own, and he can't live anymore, so why care about other people's lives?

Even at the cost of burying the young couple!

In addition to his bad temper, Wang Ergou has another characteristic.

That is courageous!

How big is it?

When I was so poor and destitute, I just lived in Yizhuang, which was rumored to be haunted dozens of miles away, for half a year.

Therefore, when most of the villagers knew that Wang Zhongqing and his wife had turned into evil spirits and came back to take revenge and were in panic all day long, they ran to the ancestral hall to hold a group together, but Wang Ergou's choice was completely different.

In the evening, he went to cut the meat, bought wine, and sharpened the butcher's knife, and then he ate and drank, and got drunk as soon as it was dark.

In his mind, no matter whether it is a human or a ghost that will appear later, the word fear has never been in his creed of life!

Either he was killed by the evil spirit, or he killed the evil spirit!

Even if he died, he was not afraid. Before he was alive, he could make Wang Zhongqing's life worse than death. After death, everyone turned into ghosts and sat on an equal footing. Could it be that he would still be afraid of that powerless nerd?

Because of this attitude of going all out, Wang Ergou didn't feel the slightest fear, but instead had the eagerness to fight in groups when he was young.

Soon the night was getting darker, and the drizzle outside intensified, and it gradually hit the eaves, making strange tinkling noises, like a treacherous piece of music from the underworld.

The two catties of bad wine that I bought had already been drunk, and the stamina was on the rise. Wang Ergou was sleeping soundly on the messy and dirty dining table. The vegetable oil lamp on the table was flickering dimly and was about to go out .

Suddenly, a gust of wind blew out of nowhere in the room, and then the weak flames suddenly turned into flames, as if someone had added kerosene to it, but the flames were a strange green color, illuminating the room miserably, and there was no warmth at all. Intention, on the contrary, the piercing coldness spread out.

Suddenly, a large pool of water stains gushed out from the roof, spreading rapidly without stopping, and it seemed that it was about to flow down to the ground.

If anyone else was there, they would definitely be horrified to find out that this is not a water stain, it is clearly a dark red blood stain!

The miserable green fire beam burned more and more intensely, and soon burned into a tall shape, like a two-headed four-handed ghost that was showing its teeth and claws.

More and more water stains were pouring on the roof, and it was about to drip.

Wang Ergou still fell asleep soundly, completely unaware that the crisis had come.

Blood is dripping, ghosts are approaching, and Wang Ergou is in danger!


At the same time, the ancestral hall in Wangjia Village was overcrowded.

Almost all the men, women and children in the whole village were in the ancestral hall. It was so crowded that it was difficult to turn around. A large amount of carbon dioxide was emitted, which made the air extremely turbid.

Every villager's face is full of uneasiness and fear, even if dozens of lanterns are lit in the ancestral hall, it can't bring them any comfort.

Unlike crying and repenting in the daytime, at this time, the village is gloomy as ice, sitting in front of the aisle of the back hall of the ancestral hall with a cane, and behind him stand seven or eight murderous young men with bulging waists. .

After all, he was still greedy for life and afraid of death, otherwise he would not have persuaded the whole village to force Wang Zhongqing and his wife to death just for a little food.

The reason why he pretended to be repentant in front of Cao Ying during the day was just to show his sympathy, and hoped that Cao Ying could persuade the gourd to ask an expert to come back to protect them.

The wishful thinking was very loud, but I didn't expect Cao Ying to be filled with righteous indignation after hearing the tragedy of Wang Zhongqing and his wife.

The plot failed, and the villager could only plan for the worst. While sending his cronies to invite the masters, he pretended to appease the villagers and gathered them in the ancestral hall. The name is that there are many people with strong yang, so that the evil can be driven back. ghost.

In fact, it is planned that there will be evil ghosts, so that these ignorant villagers can push them to death to delay time.

Human nature is selfish, but selfishness to the extent of Muramasa is rare in the world.

It was windy and rainy outside the house, and the atmosphere inside the house was oppressive, and low-pitched crying sounded from time to time.

The already distraught Cunzheng was made even more agitated and uncomfortable by the intermittent suppressed crying, the veins on his forehead were throbbing, and he finally yelled unbearably.

"Stop crying!"

The terrified villagers were startled, and looked timidly at the red-faced villager.

The face of the village was distorted, and the two rows of teeth were gnashing loudly. The unexplained evil fire in his heart became stronger and stronger, and he cursed, "Cry, cry, cry, you know how to cry! Is crying useful? Evil ghosts can be spared if they can cry Are you?

where is this place? This is the holy place where the ancestors of our Wangjia Village rest in peace! With the blessing of the ancestors, does a mere evil spirit dare to come in?

Who dares to cry again, don't blame the old man for disregarding feelings and driving you all out to feed the ghosts! "

Cun Zheng usually speaks with a lot of words, like an earth emperor, his majesty has long been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, and when he suddenly got angry, the villagers immediately fell silent.

Venting out the depression in his heart, Muramasa felt that his breath was a little smoother, and he was about to sit down and rest his mind.

Suddenly, an anxious cry broke out from the crowd.

Murata, whose buttocks hadn't even touched the stool, jumped up like a cat whose tail had been stepped on, hopping and cursing, "Who is it? The old man just said that who dares to commit a crime knowingly? Come on, give this old man If someone finds out, this old man will drive out his whole family!"

Soon a crying woman was escorted out of the crowd by Muramasa's henchmen.

"Son, my son is missing, Mr. Villager, please help my family find my son~" The woman continued to cry loudly like a madman with eyes blank.

Village Zheng was so angry that his beard and hair were trembling. He was about to order his cronies to kick this demonic woman out of the ancestral hall when he suddenly saw a figure standing outside the gate of the ancestral hall.

Look closely, but isn't that woman's son?

Muramasa was about to speak, but in the next second he suddenly felt a chill go down his back, his heart seemed to be tightly grasped by an invisible big hand, and it almost stopped beating.

I saw the child with a dull expression, lying on the side of the door and looking into the ancestral hall in a daze.

A terrifying figure quietly appeared behind him.

The two heads of a man and a woman are glued back and forth, as if there are two faces on one head.

The male head has a sad face, bleeding from seven holes, as if he has suffered a great injustice; the female head looks swollen with shame and hatred, and the big red Guanyin mole between the pale eyebrows is very eye-catching.

Four rotten arms with ragged skin and flesh tightly hugged the child, and the two faces turned and changed from time to time, which made people feel palpitations.

As if under a holding spell, Murozheng's hard body shook like chaff, and his eyes widened, as if they were about to stare out of their sockets.

Soon someone noticed the strangeness of Muramasa, and subconsciously followed his gaze to look back, his scalp suddenly went numb, and the blood in his body seemed to have coagulated.

Beside the man was a popi from the village. Seeing him as if he had lost his soul in an instant, he couldn't help asking curiously, "What's wrong? I was startled for a while, did I see a ghost?"

The man gasped for air hissingly, smoothed his curly tongue with great difficulty, and shouted two words with all his strength:

"There is a ghost!"

The word "yougui" sounded like a thunderbolt on the ground, instantly crushing the string that had been taut in the hearts of the villagers.

"Wow, the evil spirit is taking his life~"

"Run, the evil spirits are coming to eat people~"

"Help, I don't want to die~"

Suddenly, the boundless fear immediately exploded, and the overly frightened villagers ran around like headless chickens, scrambling to escape.

It's a pity that the gate was blocked by the evil spirits that appeared, how could they dare to rush towards the evil spirits?

The other passageway to the back hall was also blocked by panicked villagers.

In an instant, all the villagers were trapped to death in the ancestral hall like turtles waiting to be caught.

The two-headed evil ghost smiled ferociously, and walked slowly inside.

The nightmare is about to begin! ! !


		