

Situ Hongyi and Naimertai had their own concerns, and the atmosphere in the empty hall was somewhat delicate.

After half a stick of incense, a panic-stricken man rushed into the hall in a hurry.

"But something has been discovered?"

Seeing the man's expression, Situ Hongyi immediately stood up and asked sharply.

The person who came was a skinny man who was described as obscene. Hearing this, he nodded his head hastily, his teeth chattering, "Back, back yard, there are..."

After a long time, they couldn't hold back a complete sentence. Once these magicians who were used to domineering lost their magic power, they would be worse than ordinary people when they encountered danger.

Situ Hongyi heard anxiously, pushed the skinny man away, and hurried to the backyard.

Naimertai slowly got up and followed.

When he came to the backyard that was also overgrown with weeds, Situ Hongyi saw a big dilapidated house full of people at a glance.

I hurriedly squeezed into the crowd, and there was actually a mourning hall inside.

The ground was covered with rotten and blackened ghost papers, an altar covered with cobwebs was crooked at the corner, the incense burner was overturned, candlesticks with burnt candles were scattered around, and a large number of rotten spirit cards were piled up on the ground.

In addition, the room was filled with dusty black coffins, roughly counting, there were at least fifty or more.

As mentioned above, there are five levels of coffins, and black coffins are generally used to contain the bones of people who died violently.

In other words, the more than fifty coffins are likely to be buried with people who died suddenly.

Seeing this, Situ Hongyi couldn't help but have an extremely ugly expression.

We must know that among the most troublesome situations in the world, people who die violently can be ranked in the top three.

There is no other reason, the life of the person who died suddenly was not exhausted, he died with injustice, and the resentment persisted after death, so it is the easiest to find the strangeness.

Thinking of the zombies he encountered before, Situ Hongyi felt a strong ominous omen in his heart.

Could it be that the zombie also came from here?

If this is the case, they may be in great trouble.

Suppressing his palpitations, Situ Hongyi asked calmly, "Who found this place? Has anyone ever gone in?"

Everyone behind heard the words and looked at each other. After a long time, someone came out and said tremblingly, "Yes, I found out..."

Situ Hongyi was a little dumbfounded.

It turned out that the first witness was the skinny man who had just tipped off the news.

The skinny man's knees were weak, and he continued with horror on his face, "I, I don't know if anyone has gone in, but, but I just took a look and saw..."

When it came to the critical point, Situ Hongyi frowned, came to the skinny man, grabbed his collar, and shouted murderously, "I'll give you one last chance, if you don't understand, die!"

The murderous look on his face made the skinny man shudder, and he had no doubt that the ruthless Young Master Situ was trying to intimidate him.

Life and death were at stake, he recovered his composure miraculously, took a deep breath, and shouted with all his strength, "I just saw a black shadow flashing away in the backyard, and I found that black shadow was somewhat similar to 'Dig Butong', so I went Chase up and finally find this mourning hall!"

Hearing that it was related to 'Unable to Dig', Situ Hongyi asked anxiously, "Are you sure you really saw 'Unable to Dig'?"

The skinny man smiled wryly and shook his head, "The black shadow disappeared too quickly to be seen clearly, but I think it looks like it, because I seem to see it carrying a shovel."

Shovel?

That was the inseparable eating guy of the tomb robbers——Luoyang Shovel.

If the skinny man hadn't misread it, it was probably 'unable to dig'.

Hearing this, Situ Hongyi couldn't help but secretly relax.

After pondering for a moment, he asked everyone in a concentrated voice, "Who voluntarily entered the house to search for clues? Whether they find it or not, it is a great achievement. After returning safely, I will reward you a lot!"

After hearing this, everyone remained calm on the surface, but snorted inwardly.

Are you kidding me? The mourning hall is so weird, even if you think about it with your heels, you will know that it is extremely dangerous. Who would be willing to risk their lives for that illusory painting?

Although credit is good, you have to live to have a chance to enjoy it!

After a long time, no one responded, and Situ Hongyi's expression turned gloomy.

Just as he was about to get angry, a faint voice suddenly came from the crowd:

"I'll go."

Everyone was taken aback, and they all turned their heads to see which warrior was so talented.

As a result, when that person came out more and more, everyone suddenly felt relieved.

Because the applicant is Naimertai who is the strongest among all of them.

Naimertai cast a cold glance at Situ Hongyi, and walked into the room without saying a word.


The steps of the corridor spiraled downward, and Yuan Yutang walked for almost half an hour, but he still didn't reach the end.

This is outrageous.

In ancient times, there was a lack of large-scale operating machinery, but it was possible to build such a

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Such a deep underground building is beyond imagination.

Slap!

After walking down the last step and finally walking the long spiral steps, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief.

Looking up, a flat horse racing track suddenly appeared in front of him.

Yuan Yutang is not exaggerating, this is really a horse racing track.

The ground paved with bluestone bricks is enough for more than fifteen war horses to gallop at the same time. The walls on both sides are also inlaid with fist-sized night pearls, each of which is priceless.

How much human and financial resources will be spent on this miracle.

That overlord of the Western Regions really deserves to die, so extravagant and extravagant, even if Zhuge Tianji hadn't tricked him, the kingdom probably wouldn't last long.

Keeping his mind steady, Yuan Yutang walked cautiously to the race track.

After walking for a while, various reliefs of strange shapes gradually appeared on the walls.

There are people, there are beasts, there are demons, there are ghosts, there are natural and man-made disasters, as if they contain all the great horrors in the world, and Yuan Yutang's spine is shivering when he sees them.

Just passing by a terrifying half-human, half-worm monster carved with a lifelike head, Yuan Yutang froze as if he had been cast with a holding spell.

Just now……

He seemed to have seen the eyeballs of the half-human, half-worm monster roll...

Is it hallucination?

Yuan Yutang backed away in fear, and carefully observed the monster relief from twenty steps away.

If he couldn't tell the truth from the fake, he wouldn't dare to stay in this damn place anymore.

Wide-eyed and small-eyed, Yuan Yutang stared straight at the monster relief for a while like a fool, and didn't notice any abnormalities, as if he was just suspicious just now.

In the next moment, a sudden change occurred.

A shrill piercing sound resounded instantly.

Yuan Yutang didn't react at all, he was thrown upside down and hit the wall on the other side heavily, leaving a shallow pit in the shape of a human.

He was still in a daze until he fell off the wall.

"Huh~"

With a low growl, a huge black shadow came down from the wall.

The human figure with dense tendon and flesh is naked from the upper body, and at the waist is a huge octopus, which is a terrifying relief of the half-human, half-insect.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but looked dumbfounded.

The monster actually came back to life, is there any mistake? !

"Huh!!"

The half-human, half-worm monster suddenly let out a terrifying roar, and rushed out like an angry rhinoceros.

Although its upper body is in the shape of a human, its arms are barbed like praying mantises. Yuan Yutang can clearly see sparks flying around as they strike each other violently.

It was too late to say it, but Yuan Yutang's honed fighting instinct saved his life. His muscle memory drove his body, and he leaped forward, narrowly avoiding the impact of the half-human, half-worm monster.

rumbling~

A large pit was knocked out of the rammed wall, falling rocks fell like rain, and the rising dust almost covered the half-human, half-worm monster.

Yuan Yutang's face was pale, and he came back to his senses in an instant, turning over and running away regardless of the pain in his body.

With his current situation, he would undoubtedly hit a stone with an egg when he faced the half-human, half-worm monster with astonishing brute force.

"Huh~"

The next moment, a shadow flitted across the diffuse smoke and dust, drew an arc above his head, and hit Yuan Yutang heavily in front of him.

Yuan Yutang twitched violently, and hurriedly stopped.

Huh~

A cold light came across the sky.

At the critical moment, Yuan Yutang narrowly avoided the fatal blow by lowering his waist like an iron bridge.

Swish!

Yuan Yutang, who was head down, watched in horror as a few strands of hair were split in half, and couldn't help but feel his heart tighten.

"Hi!"

With a loud shout, Yuan Yutang put his hands on the ground, bent his legs, and kicked out quickly, as if he was kicking on a rock with a touch.

With the help of that reaction force, he took advantage of the situation and turned a few somersaults one after another, opening up the distance again.

After a failed attack, the half-human, half-worm monster roared angrily, and its eight thick and long insect legs unleashed their strength, rolling over like a tank with a rumbling sound.

The horse racing track seems to be wide, but in fact there is not much room to escape, and Yuan Yutang fell into a crisis of being besieged by all sides in an instant.

The two extremely sharp arms of the half-human, half-worm monster suddenly turned into sword shadows all over the sky, trying to compress Yuan Yutang's movement space.

Yuan Yutang held his breath, concentrated his mind like never before, and exerted his body skills to the limit, like dancing on the tip of a knife, shuttling through the gaps in the fleeting shadow of the knife.

Seeing the sword shadows getting denser and denser, he knew something was wrong.

In a game with such disparity in strength, he has absolutely no capital to make mistakes. Once he gets hit casually, he will definitely die!

Can no longer passively dodge!

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Having made up his mind, Yuan Yutang stepped forward abruptly.

"Roar~"

In the deafening roar of the tiger, Yuan Yutang's right elbow stuck out like a steel gun, pointing directly at the fragile joint of the half-human, half-worm monster's left knife arm.

The half-human, half-worm monster was extremely fierce. It knew that Yuan Yutang's elbow was no small matter, but it didn't hesitate at all. The other saber arm waved like the wind, turning into a sword and slashing at Yuan Yutang.

"The wind is coming!"

In the blink of an eye, Yuan Yutang gave a loud shout.

Immediately afterwards.

Kacha~

giggling~

huh~

The three very different voices almost overlapped, and the two warring parties quickly passed each other as soon as they came into contact, and the battle situation came to a short pause.

"Huh~"

The half-human, half-worm monster held its deformed and recurved left arm and wailed in pain. It was obvious that Yuan Yutang successfully planned its left arm.

However, Yuan Yutang was not having a good time, his face was instantly pale as paper, and he watched in horror that the clothes on his chest were flat and torn, and a huge wound from the left chest to the right abdomen burst open, dripping hot blood gushing out like a fountain, almost covering his whole body Cut open.

Not only that, but his right elbow was also fluffy and shrugged like noodles.

He overestimated his own strength, and underestimated the physical strength of the half-human, half-worm monster.

Although he successfully broke the left arm of the half-human, half-worm monster, he would lose eight hundred if he killed one thousand enemies, and his right arm was also shattered.

Thanks to the weak air circulation on the extremely deep underground racetrack, he managed to control the breeze to slightly deflect the attack of the half-human, half-worm monster.

Otherwise, he would have turned into two corpses now.

The pain completely angered the half-human, half-worm monster. Its eight worm legs kicked the ground violently at the same time, and its huge body smashed towards Yuan Yutang like a meteor.

Yuan Yutang was startled suddenly, and just wanted to escape, but he accidentally affected the injured, causing him to tremble in pain.

Missing the best opportunity, Yuan Yutang's eyes went dark.

In the thunderous muffled sound, he was crushed from the shoulders down under the heavy belly of the half-human, half-worm monster, and his current strength was simply not enough to break free.

"Huh~"

The half-human, half-worm monster with a ferocious face like a ghost, raised its intact right saber arm, and stabbed at Yuan Yutang like lightning.

Seeing that he was about to die from a severed skull, Yuan Yutang could only try his best to shift his head away.

choke~

The sharp knife arm was almost touching Yuan Yutang's cheek, and the hard bluestone brick was as fragile as tofu, and was directly submerged into the ground by the knife arm to a depth of one foot.

Before he had time to rejoice in his narrow escape, the half-human, half-worm monster became ruthless again, and the knife arm inserted into the ground suddenly fell horizontally like a guillotine.

Yuan Yutang's souls were all haunted, and he thought he was going to die now.

Suddenly!

There was a rapid cracking sound in the air, and then a tentacle struck like lightning from the depths of the racetrack, and instantly bound the neck of the half-human, half-worm monster.

"Huh~"

The half-human, half-worm monster's face changed drastically in vain, and he didn't care to cut off Yuan Yutang's head, and he withdrew his knife arm and slashed at the tentacles.

hum~

An indescribable rhythm came suddenly, the half-human, half-worm monster froze suddenly, its blood-red fierce eyes instantly became dull, and the half-slashed knife arm fell limply, as if its mind was controlled instantly .

While the half-human, half-worm monster was down, the tentacles suddenly exerted force and quickly dragged it away.

Yuan Yutang was rescued by accident, and he still didn't recover until the half-human, half-worm monster disappeared completely.

After a while, he sat up tremblingly, his eyes filled with unbelievable horror.

Where is this underground building?

And what about the tentacles and rhythms from the depths?

Just now he clearly felt that the strange rhythm was full of negative emotions such as despair, anger, unwillingness, and resentment, as if it was going to pollute his mind all at once.

Fortunately, it came and went quickly, and this time I was lucky enough to be saved.

The more I think about it, the more terrifying and treacherous it becomes.

The bloody cases in countless horror movies on the earth have clearly told him that excessive curiosity can kill people.

There are big mysteries here, but not what he can explore now.

Gotta get out of here now!

Having made up his mind, Yuan Yutang stood up with the wall in fear, and was about to turn back.

Just turning around, he was completely dumbfounded.

There is actually a wall behind him?

What about the race track?

Spiral stairs?

how is this possible?

Yuan Yutang's mentality collapsed, and he beat the wall like crazy.

But no matter how hard he hit, the thick wall stood still.

Tell him the truth - this way will not work!

(end of this chapter)

7017k


		