

In ancient times, productivity was backward and infrastructure was poor. Some major projects were often at risk of collapse due to natural or man-made disasters or poor quality. The superstitious and backward ancients would attribute the collapse to offending gods or angering demons.

Therefore, in order to successfully complete the project, some high-ranking aristocratic officials invented a kind of insane magic, which is the legendary piling.

Why pile up?

The focus is on typing and giving birth.

Hitting can also be understood as burying.

Health refers specifically to a living person.

Together to understand, it is to bury boys and girls near the construction site or under the foundation, and sacrifice living people to gods and demons to pray for the smooth development of the project.

However, in order to take shortcuts and become stronger quickly, some wicked and crooked people have developed more bloody and inhumane magic on the basis of the ignorant and ignorant magic of life piling.

That is beating a child! !

This kind of magic requires first robbing hundreds of boys and girls with a pure yang character, and a group of ten people only leaves a little food and buries them alive in the ground for them to kill each other. After the last ten survivors are selected, they will be buried and killed again until Until the last survivor is selected, it is equivalent to gathering all the grievances of a hundred virgins.

Finally, fry the skin and bones of the surviving child, and add eighty-one evil materials to seal it in the mass grave for one year and eighty-one days, absorbing the grievances of a hundred miles around, and you can get a An extremely evil ghost that comes and goes without a trace, with both tangible and tangible qualities—beating a child! !


Namurtai's eyes suddenly darkened, he gritted his teeth and remained silent.

I didn't expect that 'Unable to Dig' would have such a trump card.

This is troublesome now. If there is only magic, he is confident that he can kill 'Dig Budao' without losing his true energy.

But with Dashengtongzi, it is different.

The great shaman of the tribe once said that it is extremely difficult to train a child, but once it is trained, it will be infinitely powerful.

This thing is copper-skinned and iron-framed, with amazing strength, free to shuttle between yin and yang, force attacks are invalid, and magic attacks are immune, and its strength has definitely reached the peak of resentful souls. Only evil magic tools or specific spells can harm it.

I don't know where the peerless monster that 'Unable to Dig' got.

Seeing Naimertai's dignified expression, the uneasy heart of "Dig Butong" finally calmed down, and he laughed wildly, "Hahaha, Naimertai, I didn't expect that I would prepare such a big gift for you, right?"

"Those who humiliate me will be killed without mercy, and if they give birth to a child, let me kill them!"

The Dasheng boy who was about to move received the order, raised his head and screamed strangely, and rushed towards Naimertai with all hands and feet.

Naimertai gritted his teeth, tore off a corner from the tattered and dirty clothes, and quickly bandaged the wound on the back of his hand, which was bleeding profusely. Immediately, he urgently stimulated the blood in his whole body, his muscles and bones screamed, and his chest burst into a terrible roar like a tiger roaring and a dragon moaning.

There is no doubt that a warrior without true energy will indeed have a great influence.

If the true energy of Zhuxie Biyi is in his body, Namurtai's backhand can knead the Dasheng boy who is almost invincible to ordinary warlocks.

But now that the true qi is banned, they can only fight to the end!

It was too late and then it was too fast, in the blink of an eye, Dashengtong jumped within five steps in front of him, and flew towards Naimertai with his teeth and claws.

Naimertai knew that he couldn't let this thing get close, so he moved and disappeared in place.

The Dasheng boy seemed to have a radar, and he found Naimertai's position in an instant, and Lin Kong reversed his direction and rushed behind him contrary to common sense.

Sure enough, the next moment, Naimertai's figure emerged.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

I saw the light flashing across his eyes, the exuberant blood flowing in his body was surging like rivers and rivers, and the cross arm swept out, a huge force like a dragon and an elephant erupted, twisting like a huge millstone.

Dasheng Tongzi didn't notice for a while, he was directly drawn into the millstone, and quickly shrank into a ball.

This is the secret killer move in Naimertai's natal boxing method "Fist of the Hundred Beasts" - the giant elephant winch.

When he was young, he used to use one move to grind a heavy tiger into a meat paste with pure physical strength, which shows its shocking power.

But now against Shang Da Sheng Tong Zi, the situation is different.

After twisting for a full quarter of an hour, the copper-skinned and iron-framed beating boy was still safe and sound, and even aroused its fierceness. A strong and almost substantial evil spirit suddenly burst out, forcefully bursting the force of the giant elephant's winch. field.

Naimertai had expected it a long time ago and flew out with a kick ahead of time.

This kick was fast and fast, and one could even see a weak airflow dragging behind it if one looked closely.

This is a terrifying speed that is approaching a sonic boom.

"Fist of the Hundred Beasts" - The giant python came out of its hole!

The Dasheng boy who had just escaped from trouble had no time to react, and was immediately kicked in the face by a powerful heavy foot, and the whole body was kicked dozens of feet away like a cannonball.

It is also fortunate that it ignores force blows, otherwise let alone a mortal body, even a city wall would definitely collapse under this extremely violent kick.

After repelling the beating boy, Namurtai unexpectedly did not continue to pursue, but turned around and ran wildly.

The goal is directed at 'unable to dig'!

"To suffer!"

Discovering the tactical intention of Naimertai's drunken man's intention not to drink, 'Dig Bu' couldn't help but panic, and hurriedly chanted a mantra, summoning the boy to come back to escort him.

Naimertai is worthy of being a qualified commander, and he saw the crux of the problem right away.

That's right, although beating a boy for the time being can't threaten him, but he is still a warrior of flesh and blood rather than a warrior at the highest level.

As long as it is flesh and blood, it will be tired, injured, and even die.

And the beating boy is a ghost, tireless, immortal.

In this kind of disparity and unequal battle, once they get into a stalemate, he will definitely die in the end, there is no doubt about it.

So the only way to break the situation is to kill the 'Dig Butong' who can control the childbirth!

It's true that he couldn't beat the boy to death, but wouldn't everything be easily solved after the 'digging failed'?

Therefore, he deliberately repelled the Dasheng boy with all his strength, in order to seize the slightest gap and launch a surprise attack on 'Dubutong'.

The plan was almost seamless, but after all, he was a well-informed veteran who saw through Naim Ertai's intentions and hurriedly recalled the beaten boy to protect himself.

Now Naimertai is racing against time, if he can't kill 'Dubutong' before the boy comes back, I'm afraid there will be no chance of winning.

Everything happened in the blink of an eye, and Naimertai galloped like a wolf, and rushed to the front of 'Dug Butong' in just a moment.

'Dig Bu Tong' turned pale with fright, almost interrupted the summoning spell with his tongue trembling, and couldn't help but hate himself for being careless.

Naimertai leaned sideways and lowered his shoulders, gathered energy in his dantian, twisted his body like a giant rhino charging, and unstoppably slammed into 'Dig Butong'.

"Fist of the Hundred Beasts" - Wild Rhino Assault!

"Urgent as a law, beat a child and rescue him quickly!"

close call

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

At the same time, 'Dig Bu Tong' finally finished chanting the incantation.

There was a burst of ripples in the air, and the Dasheng boy used the characteristic of being able to shuttle yin and yang to jump in space, and fiercely blocked his master.

The rhinoceros is one of the most irritable animals. Once it gets angry, it will disown its relatives, push, hit, and rush.

However, Namurtai, who has practiced "Fist of the Hundred Beasts" to the peak, uses boxing skills, and the lethality is a hundred times more terrifying than that of a real rhinoceros.

Even though Dashengtongzi had tried his best to block it, he was still thrown aside by the indomitable Naimertai.

Naimertai's momentum remained undiminished, and he rushed towards the panicked 'Unable to Dig' step by step.

At the time of life and death, 'Unable to Dig' didn't dare to hold back, his eyes turned hard, and he suddenly squeezed a dark bead that had been hidden in his hand.

In an instant, a raging black smoke rose between Naimertai and Dubutong, and the black smoke was composed of countless innocent souls, covering Naimertai like a dark cloud that would destroy a city.

Under the cover of black smoke, 'Dug Unable' hurriedly pulled away and fled desperately.

After all, the physique of a warlock is still inferior to that of a warrior. Once he is approached, unless it is the Juechen Dharma Physique, which is the peak of the fairyland, he will be close to death.

Naimertai seemed to turn a blind eye, and ran into the thick black smoke without hesitation.

Boom~

Amidst the terrifying loud noise, the strange black smoke blocking the enemy was completely smashed by Naimertai, and the 'digging' narrowly passed by Naimertai.

Even so, the violent Yu Jin still threw the 'Dig Butong' flying a few feet away, fell into the mud in a panic, and even knocked off two front teeth.

The 'Dug Butong' who survived the catastrophe ignored the severe pain that seemed to be falling apart, and immediately called the beaten boy back to his side, which made him feel a little relieved.

Naimertai continued to rush forward for more than ten feet as if he was out of control before stopping.

At this moment, he was extremely miserable, his body was full of pitted blood holes, and in some places, bones were even visible, as if he had been soaked in a pool of sulfuric acid, which was extremely shocking.

That weird black smoke is a hidden life-saving method that can't be dug out, how can it be easily cracked without paying a price.

The only pity is that Naimertai didn't seize the opportunity and let 'Dig Butong' escape with his life.

If you want to kill him under the strict protection of Dashengtong, it will be as difficult as heaven.

However, the strange thing is that instead of being depressed, Namertai's face showed a sense of pleasure that the plot had succeeded.

'Unable to dig' was still in shock, his face suddenly changed, and he hurriedly touched his chest, only to be horrified to find that a big hole had been opened there at some point, and an extremely important item was missing inside.

The exhausted Namurtai's eyes were extremely excited, and panting heavily, he looked at the small porcelain bottle he had just snatched from his hand, trembling with excitement.

That's right, his ultimate goal is this mysterious little porcelain bottle that can get rid of the suppression of the nine-day reincarnation disk!

He used the tricks of military strategists to the fullest.

'Unable to dig' looked at the porcelain vase in Naimertai's hand, and couldn't help but look ashamed.

Naimertai who has no true energy is already so difficult to deal with, if he regains his true energy, wouldn't it be a catastrophe?

Under the despairing eyes of 'Du Bu Tong', Nam Ertai suddenly made an unexpected move.

I saw him violently throwing out the precious and unusual small porcelain bottle in his hand, and shouted loudly:

"Yuan Yutang, you fucking owe me another debt!!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		