

At noon, the sun was shining brightly, but there seemed to be an invisible barrier in the room, which cut off all the light, and it was strangely dark.

A strange figure landed on all fours and rushed towards Yuan Yutang like a beast.

Before getting close, there was an extremely pungent stench blowing towards his face.

Yuan Yutang frowned slightly, but without seeing his movements, the strange figure flew upside down, fell to the ground and couldn't get up for a long time.

Looking carefully, I found that the man was too weird, his body was so emaciated that he was almost completely dehydrated, his bones were covered by a thin layer of skin, his hair was thin, his facial features were distorted and almost shifted, if he could not moan slightly, Yuan Yutang would not have Connect him to a living person.

With just one glance, Yuan Yutang saw Ni Duan.

This is a typical bumper phenomenon, and the one bumped into is not an ordinary evil spirit.

"Old man, do you know the specific condition of his illness?"

Yuan Yutang turned his head and asked outside the door.

After a while, the cowering half of the old farmer's head popped out from behind the threshold. Seeing that Yuan Yutang had subdued the sick Gouwa father, he boldly walked into the yard.

"Hiss~ The old man is not very clear about the specific situation. It seems that Gouwa's father went to the mountain to hide, and then he was found passed out at the entrance of the village the next day. He woke up and went crazy after taking him home."

Yuan Yutang pondered for a while.

Crashers generally refer to mortals who unintentionally offend ghosts and evil spirits and suffer from illnesses. During the onset, most of them have a big change in temperament, or become unconscious, or talk nonsense, or be moody.

Solving problems can be easy or difficult.

In general, there are two ways to crack it.

One is to find the place where the accident occurred, and offer generous tributes to pray for the forgiveness of the offended ghosts and evil spirits. The other is to ask the gentleman involved, or to negotiate or fight. The specific effect depends on the prestige and cultivation of the gentleman.

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang doesn't know how to read things, so he doesn't know where Gouwa's father is entangled.

Then if you want to cure Gouwa's father, the only way is to find the place where his accident happened, and directly destroy that evil spirit.

"Old man, may I ask how to get to the mountain forest where Gouwa's father often moves?"

The old farmer said hesitantly, "Sir, you... are you really willing to take risks for Gouwa?"

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, then realized something was wrong, and asked in a deep voice, "What does the old man mean, is there something wrong with that forest?"

"There is more than a problem!" The old farmer became excited all of a sudden, and shouted with tears in his old eyes, "You don't know that Fulong Mountain is a famous evil gate with a radius of hundreds of miles, and only those who are really desperate are willing to set foot. If one person enters the mountain and comes back alive, the two are already smoking from the ancestral grave!!"

"The old man was seriously ill a few years ago. I pity my filial son. He ran to Fulong Mountain to hold his treasure for me, an old man. In the end, the old man survived. My child, he, he, until now, has not seen anyone alive or dead. ...Son, daddy is sorry for you~ ouch~~"

At the end, the old farmer was sobbing.

There are all kinds of suffering in the world, each in its own way.

Yuan Yutang sympathized with the tragic experience of the old farmer's white-haired man sending the black-haired man, but it was limited to sympathy, because it was impossible for him to bring the old farmer's son back.

The only thing he can do is to take this opportunity to go into the mountains to kill the evil spirits, and restore peace to the local people!


An hour later, Yuan Yutang was standing in front of the continuous Songshan mountain with his "Pingtou brother" buried in the fruit, and he couldn't help but feel a little worried.

The front convenience is Fulong Mountain in the old farmer's mouth. Originally, Yuan Yutang thought it was just a mountain, but he didn't expect it to be a large mountain range. It is winding and rugged, like a giant dragon crawling.

Wanting to find the place where Gouwa's father died in the vast mountains is undoubtedly looking for a needle in a haystack, and this is a headache.

But since he has promised Gou Wa, he can't break his word.

Do your best and obey the fate.

Sighing, Yuan Yutang set off into the mountain.

Fulong Mountain, to be precise, should be the Fulong Mountain Range is extremely primitive, there are many towering trees tens of feet high, the dense canopy almost blocks all the light, and there is a sour smell of rotting leaves in the air.

Yuan Yutang didn't have a specific route for a while, so he just found a direction to try his luck.

The mountains are steep, the dirt roads are intricate, and there are many bushes and thorns. Once you enter it, it seems to be isolated from the world. If you are not careful, you will get lost.

Dry animal droppings can be seen from time to time in the grass, which shows that there is no shortage of large beasts here.

After climbing a steep hill, Yuan Yutang suddenly slapped his head and cursed angrily, "Oh, look at my memory, why can't I remember the 'Paper Crane Wayfinding Method'!!"

The 'Paper Crane Pathfinding Method' is a small spell specially used to find people and explore the way. It was used by the sloppy old man in the Huapi Ghost Town to find the traces of Huapi Nu.

When you have no clue, it is a good time for the "Paper Crane Wayfinding Method" to come in handy.

But after the excitement, Yuan Yutang suddenly became embarrassed again.

Because he remembered again that the 'Paper Crane Pathfinding Method' needs a medium to be effective.

I didn't think about it just now, so I didn't take off the personal things from Gouwa's father to use as a medium. After walking for so long, if I go back to get the medium again, it will have to delay time.

Looking up at the boundless and dense jungle, Yuan Yutang was speechless.

Well, the delay is the delay, I have to go back to get the media, otherwise I don't know when I will find it.

Just as he was about to return the same way, Yuan Yutang suddenly noticed a black shadow flashing away in the bushes not far away.

"Where to run!"

With a loud shout, Yuan Yutang jumped out like a flying swallow copying water.

"Ah~"

There was a familiar scream, and before Yuan Yutang could make a move, the sneaky shadow in the bushes fell flat, lying on the ground with its hips pouted and moaning in pain.

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and immediately laughed.

Haha, isn't this the daughter of the noble, Empress Zhou?

Why is she here?

Why didn't I sense that she was following behind me?

Concubine Zhou Luo was frightened by Yuan Yutang's sudden yelling, her feet slipped and her ass fell, her buttocks were in burning pain, she was feeling wronged in her heart, when she raised her head with tears in her eyes, she found Yuan Yutang gleefully watching the play with her arms folded, she couldn't help but Even more aggrieved, he simply burst into tears.

"Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

Yuan Yutang's brain was swollen from crying, and he picked up Zhou Luofei who was lying on the ground with a wooden face, and said expressionlessly, "I followed secretly because I was afraid of being left behind, right? Don't try to deceive me !"

Her thoughts were pierced, Zhou Luofei choked on crying, two blushes floated on her pink cheeks, her beautiful eyes turned, she simply smashed the jar, and howled even louder, "Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Now it’s the other way around that the villain will sue first, God, please send down a thunderbolt to kill this rascal~”

Yuan Yutang grinned, and a malicious smirk appeared on his handsome face.

Okay, you, you are ready to rely on the young master for your relationship.

Do you really regard the young master as a temperless persimmon?

Seeing Yuan Yutang's smirk, Zhou Luofei, who was pretending to be crying, couldn't help but thump in her heart. She instinctively had a bad premonition, and said in surprise, "You, what do you want?"

"Why? Of course it's to give a little lesson to a certain guy who doesn't know what to do!"

Clap, clap, clap~

After a series of extremely crisp beating sounds, there was a high-decibel scream of frightened birds in the mountains and forests:

"Ah~ It hurts so much, don't~ help~"


After a stick of incense, the two walked in the mountains and forests one after the other.

Concubine Zhou Luo tearfully covered her small buttocks, and stared at the back of Yuan Yutang's head with murderous eyes, wishing to stare at this conscienceless bastard to death with her devil eyes.

God, he spanked himself! !

Don't you know whether a man and a woman can accept or not kiss?

Damn, no one has ever dared to hit him when he grew up so big!

The more she thought about it, the more wronged she became, the sparkle in Zhou Luofei's reddened beautiful eyes seemed to overflow.

"Don't pretend to be so aggrieved. I won't teach you a lesson today. God knows what troubles you will cause in the future. Can you run around in the deep mountains and old forests at will? Not to mention the presence of wild beasts, if you encounter monsters, try to shout Will someone come to your throat to save you!"

Yuan Yutang seemed to have eyes in the back of his head, and scolded without turning his head.

She was already extremely wronged, but being scolded by Yuan Yutang again, Miss Zhou Luofei suddenly became angry, and shouted in a crying voice, "I hate you to death, even if he is eaten by monsters, I don't want you to save him!"

After saying that, he ran away with tears in his eyes, determined in his heart that he never wanted to see Yuan Yutang again.

Running and running, Zhou Luofei soon started crying again.

Because she got lost.

Surrounded by big forests and overgrown wormwood, there was no discernible object at all. When she came, she just followed behind Yuan Yutang, how could she have time to remember the way?

If you run away in a fit of temper now, is there any reason not to get lost?

The fear of being alone and lost soon overcame the psychological hatred. Zhou Luofei looked around helplessly, not knowing what to do. Thinking that she might never get out of this deep mountain and old forest, she collapsed and couldn't help squatting down Come down and hold back the weeping.

"Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood

Just as she was crying hard, Concubine Zhou Luo suddenly heard a burst of uncontrollable snickering, she couldn't help but look up, and soon saw Yuan Yutang's fair and handsome face that was both looking forward to and annoying in her hazy vision. He was squatting opposite him, teasing and watching the play.

Like the joy of rain after a long drought, Concubine Zhou Luo yelled, rushed up and threw Yuan Yutang down, hid in his arms and beat her with her small pink fist while crying, "Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Why are you so annoying, bullying a weak woman all day long, woo woo woo, I hate you~"

Yuan Yutang laughed and said, "Then do you dare to make trouble for no reason in the future?"

"Wuuu, I'm going to make trouble for no reason~"

"Then I go?"

"Ah~ don't, I, I, I don't dare anymore, don't leave me alone~"

Warm and fragrant nephrite, a beautiful woman in his arms, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but secretly smiled triumphantly.

Let you be arrogant, let's be honest now, hehe~


		