

July 7th, Qiqiao Festival, also known as Qixi Festival.

The city of Gyeongju was decorated with lanterns and festoons, and young men and women flocked to the streets, all of them brightly dressed and with peach blossom faces.

When Qingzhou was full of joy and joy, Yuan Yutang brought little monk Baiyun and appeared in Qingzhou, which was three hundred miles away.

Qingzhou is the city with the longest history among the eight states in the Northeast Province. It used to be the ancient capital of the four dynasties of the Bianchu regime. Later, the unified dynasties expanded the territory and laid down a large area of ​​new land, which also made it lose its central location.

Although Qingzhou has declined, there are many scenic spots and historical sites, which are loved by literati and poets, leaving behind many poems and songs that will last for generations.

But to say that the most famous of them is Anshan!

Anshan's strange peaks and beautiful valleys are like fairy mountains, with misty clouds all the year round, just like a fairyland on earth, and there is a Taoist temple with a history of hundreds of years in the mountains. It is rumored that Zhuge Tianji, the last national teacher of the previous dynasty and the last person to ascend from the catastrophe, once retreated here for three times. Years, merits and good fortune, and finally entered the supreme realm of ascension.

It's a pity that such a beautiful Futian Dongfu also declined with the fall of the previous dynasty.

The once prosperous Taoist temple has long been reduced to a ruined temple in the wilderness, and finally became a lair of bandits and strongmen.


That night.

In the wild forest, Yuan Yutang and Bai Yun drove their horses in the dark.

The night wind roared and raged in the mountains and forests, countless strange sounds came and went, black shadows flitted across the canopy of Ying Yingzhuo from time to time, and the cold white moonlight printed dots of color on the ground through the dense branches and leaves.

In such a strange and gloomy environment, ordinary people would not dare to walk that night.

Baiyun's shiny little bald head seemed to be able to reflect the moonlight, chattering all the way, as if there were endless words in his stomach.

"Benefactor, don't you really think about becoming a monk?"

"Benefactor, in this world, you can't just enjoy and have fun. You should do good deeds and accumulate virtue to save all living beings."

"Benefactor, there are actually many benefits to being a monk. Eating vegetarian food and chanting Buddha's name can cultivate blessings in the next life."

“Host……”

"enough!"

Yuan Yutang couldn't bear it anymore, after a crisp snap, Baiyun's chattering noise finally stopped.

Not long after, the two walked out of the dense forest and came to the official road.

The little monk Baiyun grinned and covered his forehead, and from time to time turned to Yuan Yutang who was aside resentfully.

Yuan Yutang's face was sullen, with a faint black line hanging down his forehead.

He was really annoyed by this Tang Seng's juvenile body and couldn't stand it anymore.

As if his heart would never die until he reached the Yellow River, he insisted on converting him to Buddhism.

I don't know where there are so many great principles in that little bald head.

Breathing out a turbid breath, looking at the looming mountain at the end of the official road, Yuan Yutang was in a slightly joyful mood.

That mountain is Anshan, which Jie Daoqiang said before, was robbed of his lair by monsters.

The reason why the two of them traveled all night wearing the stars and the moon, of course, was to slay demons!

What?

Are monsters in the mountains dangerous?

Hehe, monsters are good, dangerous monsters are even better.

If it wasn't dangerous, Yuan Yutang wouldn't be willing to come.

That is the merit of walking!

As long as you kill the monster that caused disaster, you will gain a lot of merit.

Hurry up, bear with it any longer, and you will soon gather up 100 points of merit, and then you will be able to activate the new "Tiangang Secret Technique" supernatural power.

It's beautiful just thinking about it.

It's a pity that Baiyun was honest for a while, and turned on the Tang monk mode again, interrupting Yuan Yutang's beautiful imagination.


At noon the next day, the two arrived in the Anshan area.

Standing at the foot of the mountain and looking at the peakless Anshan, Yuan Yutang's eyes seemed to have flames of excitement beating.

The simple-minded little monk Baiyun also learned to look up, and couldn't help but wondered for a moment, "Huh? This mountain has excellent geomantic omen, and all four phenomena are in harmony.

The blue dragon in the east raises its head to ensure continuous running water; the white tiger in the west crawls to deter evil spirits from invading; the red bird flaps its wings in the south, exuberant vitality, and the basalt in the north is sitting upright, suppressing bad luck.

Such a terrain can be said to be unique and wonderful, and there is no sign of monsters at all. "

"Donor, have you made a mistake?"

Looking at Bai Yun's cute and curious look, Yuan Yutang smiled and gave him a headache.

"It's up to you!"

After lecturing the noisy little monk, Yuan Yutang felt refreshed, and suddenly felt that it was not a bad thing to bring Baiyun with him, at least he could bully him when he was bored.

The Jingshan sect does not practice talismans, is not good at alchemy, does not understand formations, is not good at divination, does not involve in heavenly secrets, and is intensive in the way of killing from fire, so there is no record of Fengshui in the sect master's secret book, so Yuan Yutang Basically, I don't know anything about the Feng Shui technique of searching for dragons and fixing acupoints.

Although Bai Yundao, whose realm is unfathomable, explained the feng shui direction of this place in one word, but in Yuan Yutang's view, it was completely full of mistakes and omissions.

It's not that his vision is superior to Baiyun's, but that he has a characteristic that Baiyun doesn't have.

There is a strange beast in the heaven and earth, named Henggong Yu, which turns into a fish in the water and turns into a human when it comes ashore. It is infinitely powerful and invulnerable to swords and spears.

That's right, half a year ago, Yuan Yutang and his mount Chitu shared the flesh and blood of the alien beast Henggongyu, and gained the characteristic of "no confusion" that destroys all the illusions in the world.

From Baiyun's point of view, Anshan, with its beautiful scenery and lush vegetation, is a treasure land with excellent geomantic omen, but when Yuan Yutang used the 'Eye of No Confusion', it was another matter.

I saw a soaring evil spirit pervading the mountaintop high in the sky, and there were grievances in the evil spirit, and they could not be detached. The owner of that evil spirit must have murdered many living beings.

There is indeed a monster dormant here.

There is only one thing that he finds strange. Normally speaking, Feng Shui is also one of the strengths of Buddhism, and there is at least two hundred years of practice in viewing the evil, so there is no reason why Baiyun can't find it.

If something goes wrong, there must be a demon, Yuan Yutang secretly kept this in mind.

The two made some preparations and entered the mountain.

The area of ​​Anshan is very wide. At the foot of the mountain there is a virgin jungle stretching for dozens of miles. I don’t know how long no one has been there. There is a thick layer of fallen leaves on the ground. Stepping on it is like stepping into a quagmire. The soft touch Extremely uncomfortable.

The surrounding shrubs and weeds are knee-high, and there is no obvious reference. If you are not familiar with the terrain, it is easy to get lost in it.

Yuan Yutang and Bai Yun are both well-cultivated warlocks, so they didn't expect to get lost, but as they walked, they both noticed that something was wrong at the same time.

As soon as they walked out of the jungle, the eyes of the two suddenly brightened, and then a burst of noisy and lively chatter floated into their ears.

There is actually a bustling town hidden in the jungle.

This is outrageous.

No one would build a town in the deep mountains and old forests, and even if it is an isolated village, it is impossible to be as prosperous as it is now.

A rammed dirt road leads directly to the town. There are forests of vendors on both sides of the road, crowds of people are surging, and pedestrians have happy smiles on their faces, which is like a prosperous and stable atmosphere.

It is very different from the generally impoverished villages that Yuan Yutang and the others saw along the way.

The two of them immediately raised their vigilance, especially the little monk Baiyun, who just said bluntly that there is no evil in this place just now, but he didn't expect to be slapped in the face not long after, and immediately puffed up his face unhappy, as if he was angry that the evildoer dared to tease him boldly Little Buddha.

The two walked forward and blended into the flow of people.


"Take a look, take a look, the newly arrived brocade silk satin on Jiangnan Road, don't miss it when you pass by!" A clerk of a cloth shop peddled a bolt of exquisite silk satin on the street.

"Everyone, big and small, the new foreign red wine in our shop today is mellow and intoxicating, and the color is like blood. If you miss today, you will have to wait for the next year~" A middle-aged man dressed as a shopkeeper tried his best to sell the bright red red wine.

"Offal soup, freshly baked offal soup, delicious, warm stomach and healthy, come and try~" An old man selling offal soup shouted.

Pedestrians come and go on the road, stopping to shop in front of their favorite shops from time to time. Yuan Yutang and Baiyun are among them, without being obtrusive at all.

Yuan Yutang looked relaxed and leisurely, looking around casually with his hands behind his back, just like a rich man who accidentally enters the market to experience life, if you ignore the faint red light in his pupils.

Baiyun's childlike innocence, he was full of vigilance just now, but he was quickly attracted by the bustling market, staring here and there with wide eyes, feeling that everything he saw was extremely novel and interesting.

"Little master, this is the candied haws that the little old man just made, how about a bunch?"

An old man with a straw pole on his shoulder stopped in front of Baiyun, soliciting business with a smile.

Bai Yun was stunned, but was immediately attracted by the delicious candied haws on the straw poles, and foolishly went to take out his money bag to get a real treat.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help shaking his head helplessly, and was about to stop it.

Suddenly, a majestic scolding sound came from behind:

"Hey! Where is the gluttonous little monk who dares to be contaminated with the goods of the dead?"

Bai Yun woke up like a dream, and hurriedly looked back.

I saw a man walking slowly behind, carrying a pan, with four large characters written on it: "Walk for the sky, a blind man with a sloppy look and a sword on his back."

Yuan Yutang's expression was shocked, and he stared at it.

Although the blind man looked sloppy, but his face was rosy, his breath was long, his walking was slow, and his aura was soaring, he was obviously not an ordinary person.

Yuan Yutang immediately greeted the chief judge and said, "Thank you for your kind reminder, Yu Jizi, the head of the Jingshan sect in the poor way, and this is the little monk Baiyun, who has met you."

Baiyun clasped his hands together and saluted politely, "Little Monk Baiyun, I have met the benefactor."

The blind man seemed to be heroic by nature, he waved his hands nonchalantly and laughed heartily, "I have no family and no school, I'm just a lowly ranger, I can't be a great gift to the two of you, Sajia Zhonglihan, this fellow is very polite!"

The ranger in this world is not an ordinary hooligan who dares to call himself, but the exclusive title of a member of the Wu family.

Members of the martial arts family do not understand magic, they study martial arts intensively, prove the Tao through killing and hunting, and cultivate the evil spirit to protect the body from evil and change, their strength should not be underestimated.

"It turns out that Brother Zhong is by your side. I don't know what happened to Brother Zhong?" Yuan Yutang asked knowingly.

Zhong Lihan was blind but not blind, and said truthfully, "The Sa family traveled all over the world, and recently traveled here, and heard that Anshan was stolen by demons, and those who strayed into it were not allowed to return.

The Sajia wants to do justice for the heavens, kill the evil monster, and return the local people to a bright future! "

Yo, it turned out to be a colleague who robbed meritorious deeds.

The old man selling candied haws who was standing aside impatiently interrupted the conversation between the two, "I said, do you want to buy candied haws? If you don't, don't delay the old man's livelihood!"

Yuan Yutang felt happy when he heard it, he was quite arrogant, it's been a long time since a monster dared to be so presumptuous to him.

Just as he was about to strike, Zhong Lihan suddenly drew his sword out of its sheath.

Hearing a choking Qingyue long chant, Yuan Yutang's eyes blurred, and Zhong Lihan crossed a distance of nearly ten feet like a ghost, and appeared behind the old man in an instant.

Pooh!

The expression on the old man's face froze for an instant, and when he shook his head, the whole one fell off.

Strangely, there was no blood splashed from the mirror-smooth wound at the fracture, and the rolling human head still yelled, "Candied haws, sweet and fragrant candied haws, a bunch of three pennies~"

Yuan Yutang couldn't help exclaiming, "Brother Zhong is such a fast sword!"

Zhong Lihan put the sword back into its sheath with no expression on his face, and snorted coldly, "How dare you act presumptuously in front of the Wu family? Break it!"

As the broken word fell, Zhong Lihan suddenly detonated the evil spirit of the body protection, and shot straight into the sky like a peerless magic weapon.

The next moment, the surrounding scene was suffocated in vain, peeling off inch by inch like a torn scroll.

Bai Yun looked in amazement at the drastic change in his surroundings.

The silk and satin in the hands of the merchants who were bargaining with customers suddenly turned into bloody and complete human skin.

The wine container that the shopkeeper was pouring wine at the wine stand suddenly turned into an imprisoned living person, with hollow bamboo pipes stuck into his body, being sold with blood like a beast.

The most outrageous thing is the old man who sells offal soup, a big pot is boiling and surging, and the viscera of living people are full of viscera.

Where is this bustling market, it is clearly a bloody and terrifying ghost market!

In such a horrifying scene, the little monk Baiyun felt his scalp go numb, and hurriedly lowered his head and recited Buddhist scriptures to stabilize his mind.

And the pedestrians with happy smiling faces around them also transformed into white walking skeletons, with countless empty and deep dead eyes staring at the only three living people in the audience.

Yuan Yutang shrugged helplessly, at first he wanted to explore further, but Zhong Lihan's fiery temper suddenly broke through the ghost market's tricks.

It doesn't matter, it's good to solve it quickly, and go home early after finishing it.

Huh~

Suddenly, a gust of dark wind blows from the top of the mountain, and it is fleeting.

When the wind dissipated, a beautiful young girl suddenly appeared on the spot, with a pink face and peach cheeks, picturesque eyebrows, bright red lips parted slightly, and angrily scolded, "Where are the three reckless warlocks, aunt?" The Ten Thousand Bone Mountain dares to run around, not afraid of life coming and no life coming out?"


		