

Compared with China, which has a unified dynasty most of the time, the remote western continent appears barbaric and chaotic.

In the melee of various countries, it may not take more than a month for a country to go from establishment to destruction.

There is really not much to describe this chaotic to the extreme state struggle for hegemony.

If there is anything eternal in the Western Continent other than the sun, moon, stars, seas, rivers, mountains and rivers, perhaps the people there will proudly say a noun:

holy religion.

There is a magnificent cathedral in the capital of the Alyphes Empire located in the heart of the Western Continent.

This church is called the House of the Pious, and it is one of the four ancient churches, and it is also the place where the Pope received the oracle.

Clang, clang!

Under the night sky, the melodious and ethereal evening newspaper bells resounded over the capital.

At this time, no matter whether it was the patrolling soldiers or the people preparing to rest, without exception, they all stopped their movements and began to pray for the last time of the day.

The day is not truly over until prayer is over.

The magnificent church standing under the night sky is like a creeping prehistoric beast, with towering spires, pointed arches, and stained glass windows. These unique architectural styles make the church solemn, solemn and sacred.

In the majestic worship room with high pillars and a cross plane, known as the man who is closest to God under the Pope, Cardinal Adler is sitting on a beautiful high chair with a serious expression, as if waiting someone arrives.

Tread...

Soon, crisp footsteps came from the deep corridor behind the gilded gate.

Snapped!

The door was gently pushed open, and a beautiful blond girl in canned full armor walked in, and immediately strode up to Adler, who was wearing a scarlet robe and a crimson beret, respectfully touching her chest and one knee kneel:

"My lord bishop, Monica, the second-level knight of the Inquisition, salutes you!"

Adler smiled peacefully, "Excuse me, Your Excellency the Knight."

Monica stood up neatly, without looking sideways, and straddled in front of Adler like a javelin, quietly listening to the archbishop's instruction.

Adler smiled gently, "I heard that Your Excellency killed a giant white-haired werewolf in Devil Town the day before yesterday. Your feats must be enough to be promoted to a third-level great knight, right?"

"Yes, my lord bishop, I will submit my application for promotion next month." Monica replied methodically.

"Hehe, I called you here tonight because I actually have a very important task to entrust to you."

Adler's seemingly casual words suddenly made Monica's heart tighten.

Logically speaking, how could she, a small second-level knight, be directly entrusted with a task by the high-ranking archbishop in red.

Unless this task is of great concern to her and the secrecy is extremely high, the bishop will instruct her face to face, the purpose is to prevent leaks.

Thinking of this, Monica said solemnly and loudly, "My lord bishop, your will is my guide to move forward, and I would like to be the spear in your hand to overcome obstacles!"

Adler smiled gratifiedly, and said calmly, "Just last night, while I was meditating, I suddenly felt the breath of the bright cross that had been missing for more than three hundred years."

"What? The Cross of Light?" Monica's expression changed drastically when she heard the words, and she couldn't help asking loudly.

At this time, the smile on Adler's face finally disappeared, and he said solemnly, "Since more than three hundred years ago, the patriarch of your family, Ornov, was tempted by heresy and lost his mind, betrayed the glory of the Lord, and tried to use the name of the evil god to reach the peak The entire continent. After the conspiracy was exposed, he privately carried the Bright Cross, one of the three artifacts of the victims, and disappeared from the world. Since then, no one has seen the Bright Cross.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)


"I didn't expect that thanks to God's grace, I could feel the breath of the bright cross. It seems that everything is guided by God."

"Master Bishop, where is the Cross of Light now? I am willing to go there immediately. No matter how difficult and dangerous it is, I will definitely bring the Cross of Light back to the Holy See. Please entrust me with this task, please!" Monica blushed with excitement, and eagerly volunteered.

The missing cross of light is the eternal pain in the hearts of every clergyman for more than three hundred years, and it is a hurdle that Monica cannot overcome in her life.

Onof's selfish behavior back then caused Monica's entire family to plummet, and they still can't hold their heads up.

How could she not be excited now that she had the opportunity to wash away her past humiliation?

"Your Excellency, Knight, your loyalty and courage have long been seen by all, so I am willing to entrust you with the task. But this task is of great importance. I hope you can treat it with caution and not blindly do it to wash away the shame of the family." Ah Dele warned solemnly.

Monica forced herself to calm down, nodded cautiously and said, "I'm being impetuous, my lord, I will definitely not let you down."

Adler nodded in relief, raised his hand and said, "Go, I've already explained everything, and the boat will go out to sea at dawn."

"This time, the destination is the forbidden land in the east, which the holy religion has never set foot in for thousands of years. I hope that while you find the cross of light, you will also let the glory of the Lord shine on that wild land!"


Yuan Yutang felt like he was going crazy.

Suddenly, there was an extremely noisy voice in his mind that could not go away, like countless flies buzzing in his ears all the time, tormenting him so much that he wanted to die.

The eyelids were extremely heavy, as if they were pressed by several mountains, and they couldn't be opened even with all their strength.

Obviously conscious, but just can't wake up.

After an unknown amount of time, he suddenly sat up on the bed, sweating profusely, and looked around in a daze.

(Here, where is this? Is it an inn?)

(I was obviously unconscious in the secret realm of the Tianmen attic, why did I suddenly appear in the inn?)

"Finally willing to wake up?"

While he was thinking, a hoarse male voice suddenly came from beside him, which startled him immediately.

Turning around quickly, I saw a middle-aged man with blue stubble on his head drinking tea at the round table, looking at him with interest.

That burly physique that doesn't resemble a human being, and the unique wolf tattoo on the left cheek, who else is it but Naimertai?

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, then asked quietly, "Did you save me?"

Naimertai smiled and said, "Hehe, you don't think that the Eight-faced Buddha brought you here, do you?"

This unfunny joke seemed to relieve the depression in Yuan Yutang's heart. He leaned weakly on the bed and asked softly, "How long have I been in a coma?"

"Half a month."

"Where is this place?"

"Room No. 3, Tianfu Building, Jinyuan Fucheng, Sanshan Road."

After hesitating for a while, Yuan Yutang still asked the most puzzling question:

"Why save me? Aren't we life and death enemies?"

Namurtai startled slightly with the hand holding the teacup, and said lightly, "I have never owed favors in my life. You said that I saved you, but in fact, if you hadn't beaten the Eight-faced Buddha away, I wouldn't have survived." come down."

"Although you Xia people claim to be a nation of etiquette and always look down on us werewolves, I still understand the principle of repaying kindness."

After a pause, Namurtai stared at him with sharp eyes like a falcon.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Looking at Yuan Yutang, he laughed wildly, "Besides, the battle between you and me has not yet been decided. If you die in the secret realm of Tianmen, wouldn't it make me regret for the rest of my life?"

Yuan Yutang shook his head with a wry smile and said, "I had already lost enough in that battle. If Situ Hongyi hadn't accidentally saved me, I would have died in your hands long ago."

"Pfft!" Naimertai spat in disdain, and said contemptuously, "You Xia people's military strategists have a wise saying that victory and defeat are commonplace in military strategists. How can there be an invincible general in the world? If you have the courage to fight repeatedly None, how can we talk about climbing to the peak of martial arts?"

Yuan Yutang opened his mouth, and was about to refute that he was not a warrior, but swallowed the words again at the end of the day.

In an instant, he seemed to understand Naimertai's current state of mind.

He has nothing, if he doesn't even have an imaginary enemy, maybe he will go crazy.

The grace of saving life is as heavy as Mount Tai, since he needs such an enemy as himself, he should just take it!

Seeing Yuan Yutang's thoughtful look, Namurtai felt inexplicably at ease.

Situ Hongyi, the only loyal subordinate and greatest enemy, died in the Tianmen attic, and he had nothing to worry about.

Not everyone can fully understand after falling to the bottom. Now is the time when Naimertai is most confused. If Yuan Yutang is also killed, it may be difficult to find someone related to the first half of his life.

For a while, the atmosphere was a little dignified, and the two of them had their own thoughts and were silent.

Gululu~

A groan suddenly broke the silence.

Naim Ertai stood up and said, "You are lucky, the food in this inn is delicious. I'll ask the waiter to deliver some food."

Yuan Yutang nodded and smiled weakly, "Excuse me."

Naimertai sneered, turned around and left the room.

When he was alone, Yuan Yutang felt inexplicably and in a daze, always feeling as if something important had been forgotten by him.

Is it Chitu and Brother Pingtou?

These two guys are very smart, and there is a case of 'Brother Pingtou' looking for relatives from thousands of miles last time, so it won't be long before they will come to the door automatically.

If not worrying about two pets, what would it be?

Brother Situ killing slaves?

Now that Situ Hongyi is dead, the biggest obstacle preventing him from ascending to the top position has disappeared, logically speaking, there is nothing to worry about.

How many friends do you have?

They don't seem to need to worry about themselves.

Little bald white cloud?

This guy has a deep fortune, so there is no need to worry about it at all.

After thinking about it for a long time, it seems that apart from a few friends and two pets, I have nothing to care about, unless it is about merit and the ancient book "Secret of Tiangang"...

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's eyes widened suddenly, and he hurriedly searched for "Tiangang Secret Art" in his arms.

Finally remembered.

I beheaded the reincarnation of the troll that ravaged the Western Regions and collected a hundred points of merit. At that time, the ancient books only gave records but did not open new magical powers. I thought it was because the special environment in the secret realm blocked the signal.

It has been out for so long now, even if he was in a coma before, he should have activated the new supernatural power long ago.

It must not be something wrong with "Tiangang Secret Art", right?

The more he thought about it, the more flustered he became, Yuan Yutang was so anxious that he almost tore his underwear. Not only did he not see the trace of the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art", even the bright cross that he kept close to him disappeared.

"It's all gone..."

Yuan Yutang panicked completely.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		