

"How could it be gone, how could it be gone?"

Yuan Yutang was flustered, clutching his hair like a bewilderment and murmuring nervously.

In this world of Liaozhai where people cannibalize people and monsters cannibalize people, the ancient book "The Secret Technique of Tiangang" has always been his greatest reliance, and also his only spiritual sustenance.

As long as the "Tiangang Secret Art" is still there, no matter what kind of difficulties and obstacles he faces, he will never give up.

However, now that the ancient book "Secret of the Heavenly Gang" has disappeared inexplicably, it is like the sky is falling to him.

"Don't panic, don't panic, it may be that you encountered a blind spot by chance, and if you look for it, you might find it." Yuan Yutang comforted himself.

Sometimes the good things are right in front of your eyes, but you can't see them for a long time. There is an explanation for this situation on the earth called the blind spot of attention.

The general explanation is to focus too much attention on finding that kind of thing, and form a blind area outside the concentration area.

However, this time he searched almost the entire guest room, but still couldn't find the ancient book "Secret Art of Tiangang".

Yuan Yutang sat slumped in the messy room, his eyes were empty, and he murmured unconsciously.

In the end, it was because of his experience of surviving many times that he practiced God extremely resolutely. After a short period of panic, he quickly regained his composure and quickly began to analyze the situation.

("Tiangang Secret Art" is not an ordinary book. No one except myself can know its existence since it came to this world. There is no doubt about it.)

(Based on this basis, the possibility of man-made theft of "Tiangang Secret Art" can basically be ruled out. As for the Bright Cross, it is unknown...)

(If it is not human-made theft, then there are only two possibilities, either it was lost unintentionally, or...)

(Or the "Secret Technique of Tiangang" disappeared!!)

Yuan Yutang's face was miserable, as if deducing the last possibility exhausted all his strength.

The origin of "Tiangang Secret Technique" is extremely mysterious, perhaps only Zhuge Tianji, who is also a traverser, knows its origin.

In this case, if it is just lost, no one else can see it anyway, and I have absolute confidence in finding it back.

But if it disappears, then everything is over.

Worried about gains and losses, Yuan Yutang was about to drink saliva to calm his shock when suddenly there was a buzzing in his head, followed by an extremely angry roar in his ears:

"Let me go out!!"

In an instant, he seemed to be in a half-dream and half-awake.

When he came back to his senses, he was horrified to find that he appeared in an inexplicable space.

The place is vast and full of mist.

Above the thick mist is a towering giant mountain with no end in sight.

This scene made Yuan Yutang inexplicably familiar.

Take a closer look, isn't this the nameless giant mountain that crucified the dragon's veins in the attic of Tianmen?

Why did I come here suddenly?

Could it be that he never left the secret realm from the beginning to the end?

Just as Yuan Yutang fell into self-doubt, a strangely familiar roar came from the top of the invisible mountain:

"Let go of me, I'm going to tear you into pieces!"

Yuan Yutang suddenly felt his heart beating fast, as if being pricked with a sharp needle, his whole body was terrified.

Listen carefully, this sound, isn't it the lingering noise in the back of my head during my coma?

Struggling to raise his head to look towards the direction of the mountain top, Yuan Yutang soon saw a vague outline, and was immediately taken aback.

It was actually a terrifying giant fish whose length was unknown how many miles, exuding a substantive blue light all over its body, and was nailed to the top of the mountain by an extremely huge cross shining with holy light.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

There is a quaint book on top of the blue giant fish. Every time a page is turned, a brilliant halo bursts out, layer upon layer, suppressing the giant fish within a square inch.

There is also a faint blue grinding disc, which is colliding with the halo at a very high speed. Every collision will cause the space to shatter, and chaos will burst out. The momentum is extremely shocking.

Yuan Yutang:? ? ?

This dramatic and mysterious scene directly overwhelmed Yuan Yutang.

Isn't that gigantic giant fish the same ghost who tried to snatch his body?

Isn't that huge cross the missing bright cross?

Isn't that Youlan millstone the legendary Nine Heavens Reincarnation Disk?

And that majestic and quaint book, isn't it the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" that I have been thinking about and looking for hard?

Why do these fetishes that can't be hit in one place all appear in one's own sea of ​​consciousness?

Are you fucking in a brawl? ?

That's right, just now he suddenly realized that this unknown space is his sea of ​​consciousness.

Although he found the trace of "Tiangang Secret Art", Yuan Yutang was not happy with his duty.

It's all because what I see before my eyes is too weird.

It was completely beyond his comprehension.

"Little devil, do you still dare to appear in front of this deity?"

The thunderous roar woke Yuan Yutang up from the shutdown, and it was the giant blue fish that discovered Yuan Yutang's arrival, and directly directed his anger at him.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang felt unconscious, and the entire sea of ​​consciousness seemed to be boiling and collapsing.

If Yuan Yutang didn't wander into the sea of ​​consciousness, the blue giant fish would definitely have nothing to do with him, at worst, it would occasionally make a noise in his consciousness.

But now that Yuan Yutang was face to face with him, it would undoubtedly be like sending food to the door.

The life level of the Youlan Giant Fish is too high, countless times higher than Yuan Yutang, even if it is just a remnant soul now, even if it is suppressed by the ancient book and the Guangming Cross, if you want to deliberately target a little magician like Yuan Yutang, you must Minutes can kill him tens of millions of times.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's sea of ​​consciousness collapse rapidly, Youlan Giant Fish raised his head and laughed happily, just like the extreme comfort of a person who has suffered a great hatred and finally got his revenge.

When he lost to the invincible Zhuge Tianji back then, his soul was shattered by the bombardment, leaving only a remnant soul lingering in the world, and even had to dwell in a rotting corpse to warm up the remnant soul in order to survive.

If you want to talk about who he hates the most in the world, of course it must be Zhuge Tianji.

But if you want to talk about the most hated person under Zhuge Tianji, it is obviously Yuan Yutang who repeatedly spoiled his good deeds and even destroyed his last chance of rebirth!

Being able to personally kill Yuan Yutang in this situation, even if he was to be killed immediately, he would accept his fate!

clatter~

A clear and rapid sound of flipping books shook the world, and the pages of the ancient books suspended in the sky suddenly accelerated. The bright golden lights were like the pinnacles of the sea supporting the sky and the earth. With indescribable power, they repaired this fragmented sea of ​​consciousness.

"Gah..." The blue giant fish's smug laughter stopped instantly, and the vivid and humanized expression on its face suddenly froze.

The short silence is the eve of the storm.

Before the blue giant fish could explode in fury next time, the pages of the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art" shook, and Yuan Yutang was ejected from the sea of ​​consciousness.

At this time, Naimertai just came over with a shop clerk carrying a food box. Seeing the messy room and Yuan Yutang, who was sweating profusely and still in shock, he couldn't help being startled, thinking that he would be attacked by a thief after going out for a while.

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly and was speechless.

Until now, he seems to be able to hear the roar of the giant blue fish in his ears:

"Brat,

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Even if you pray to gods and worship Buddha, don't let this deity escape from the trap! "

"Otherwise you will taste what life is like dying!!"


Knowing that Yuan Yutang had just experienced some unbelievable things, but the person involved didn't say anything, and Naimertai didn't bother to ask.

After throwing away a lot of money and asking the store clerk to find someone to clean up the room, Nam Ertai casually took out the food in the food box in the messy room and began to eat and drink.

Yuan Yutang was aroused by the aroma of the food, and he didn't care about how to deal with the giant blue fish. He hurriedly sat down on the table, and began to sweep the fallen leaves from the hot food that was full of color and fragrance.

There were three big food boxes, all kinds of dishes that were enough to fill the stomachs of fifteen people were not left, and they all went into the five internal organs house of two people.

People who practice martial arts already have a big appetite, not to mention Yuan Yutang has been hungry for nearly half a month, so it is natural to be so embarrassed.

Thanks to his magic power, otherwise, he would eat and drink too much, and his body would be ruined.

He was full of food and drink, and the room was rearranged by the servants. Just as it was getting dark, Naimertai patted his ass and went out.

Before going out, Yuan Yutang also heard him ask the store clerk who was waiting outside to receive the reward, which kiln's sister was good enough, and he couldn't help sighing.

I also want to go to see the style of the ancient red building, why don't you ask me if I want to go?


It's late at night, and it's five o'clock.

Except for the night watchmen and the watchman, the only thing that can move about in the streets is rats and cockroaches.

Curfews were generally enforced in ancient times. Whoever dared to stay up in the middle of the night and run out and wander around was caught by night patrol soldiers, and he would suffer a lot of flesh and blood.

However, the tranquility tonight was broken by a few black shadows flying over the roof.

In the light of the moon, it can be seen clearly that there are seven policemen in blue and white flying scale armor, iron ruler ropes hanging from their waists, and iron boxes on their backs, chasing a masked man in black.

The seven catchers are all very skilled, walking like the wind, walking like flying on the scattered eaves.

Even so, he just couldn't catch up to the black-clothed masked man in front of him.

Seeing that he was about to approach the tower, if the masked man in black crossed the tower, it would be extremely difficult to catch him again.

The head catcher made a gesture calmly, and the colleagues who had a tacit understanding split up in an instant.

The two fast-catching soldiers divided into two groups, surrounding them from left to right.

The two detectives quickly took the barbed rope and iron ruler around their waists, flipped their fingers, and instantly formed a strange noose, and threw it at the masked man with all their strength.

The remaining two detectives stopped to untie the iron box, quickly took out the parts and quickly assembled the unknown equipment.

The head catcher brazenly drew out the steel knife, shouted awe-inspiringly, and turned around to kill the masked man in black.

The seven arresters cooperated seamlessly, and they were surrounded in an instant.

The head-catching knife is superb, opening and closing, like a dancing chain under the moonlight, compressing the activity space of the masked man in black like a shadow.

The two outer policemen were watching eagerly with the crossbows that had just been assembled.

There were still siege left and right, and noose harassment up and down, which immediately eliminated the speed advantage of the masked man in black.

The masked man in black knew that if he didn't try to break out of the encirclement, tonight would definitely be lost here.

Putting his heart to one side, he took a stab at the head with his back, and quickly smashed through a window with the momentum.

Before the catchers could catch up, the black-clothed masked man could not care about Pan Shun's popularity, so he quickly grabbed the young man who seemed to have just woken up, and shouted sharply:

"Don't come here, or I'll kill him!"

The sleepy Yuan Yutang was stunned.

I'll be hijacked even if I take a nap? ?

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		