

In an instant, time seemed to slow down.

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened, and a shadow suddenly blocked his sight.

In the shadows, the war horses roared, the knights were like dragons, leaping horses and slashing swords, like a vivid ink painting, exuding a thrilling and violent beauty.

Slap!

The iron hoof hitting the ground also awakened Yuan Yutang, and everything seemed to return to normal in an instant.

"Hahaha, strong man don't panic, a certain Situ Killer is here!"

Situ Shanu laughed loudly, turned his horse's head to stand in front of Yuan Yutang, slashed nimbly with his knife, and four or five wolf bannermen who came to commit crimes without knowing their life or death were cut in two, howling.

Knowing that he was not in a daze, Yuan Yutang tried his best to soothe his restless mind, and joined hands with Situ Shanu to kill the enemy, killing so many heads that there were no more survivors within ten steps.

When seeing Yuan Yutang's true face on Lushan Mountain for the first time, Situ Shanu was also in a daze.

Just now, he was watching from the tower above the city, and only knew that the wolf army was single-handedly stabbed in the eye, so he thought it was a patriotic righteous man from somewhere.

Unexpectedly, upon closer inspection, he turned out to be just a handsome young man of twelve or thirteen years old.

This strong sense of contrast was unexpected.

But instantly relieved.

No matter how old you are, the one who dares to fight to the death with the wolf clan is the hero of the Great Xia, and he is greatly admired by Situ Shanu!

Taking advantage of the gap before the enemy could reach, Situ Shanu recovered his breath and asked with a smile, "Where is the little brother, why did you rush to help Tongshan Pass?"

"Yu Jizi, the twenty-eighth head of Shaozhou Zhushanzong, has met the general!" Yuan Yutang shook his sore arms and panted slightly.

Situ Shanu was taken aback, and then he smiled boldly, "It turns out that he is a Taoist master, and the heart of serving the country with long fists and fists can be learned from the sun and the moon, so I will admire it!

How much older will I be than you, so please call you a good brother!

We are destined to meet each other on the battlefield today, how about letting us brothers join hands to kill the invading enemy? "

Yuan Yutang seemed to be infected by Situ's arrogance to kill slaves, and his timidity dissipated. He laughed and said, "Then the younger brother will dare to climb higher, and have a good time with the elder brother!"

"Hahaha, good, good! As expected of my hot-blooded man in Daxia!"

The relationship between men is finally so sincere and clear, a trivial matter is enough to make two strangers become life-and-death friends, let alone the sincere friendship side by side on the battlefield.

In just a few words, the two had a good impression of each other, and they were quite congenial, and they felt like confidants.

"Kill~"

A burst of loud shouts startled the two of them. When they looked up, it was the chasing brigade of golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers who rushed to kill them. They couldn't help but continue to talk, and hurriedly restrained their minds and responded calmly.

Clang, clang!

The sound of fierce weapons colliding that pierced the eardrums was endless. Both of them knew that the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers were the elite among the elite, and any martial arts were by no means inferior to them. Hard resistance is the way to death.

Fortunately, the situation was turbulent at this time, and the rear formation of the left army, which had just stabilized, was once again chaotic due to the pursuit of Yuan Yutang and Jin Jiaba Yala soldiers. Fight and retreat, transfer calmly.

Situ Shanu was eager to rescue, relying on his horse, he quickly left the large army behind. At this time, he was isolated and helpless, and desperately wanted to take Yuan Yutang to join his cavalry.

Each of the Golden Armored Ba Ya La soldiers is a treasure that has been selected from thousands of people, and it needs to spend a lot of money every year to maintain it. Even the wealthy and powerful Tushan Department only has a mere half of the number.

Now that one person was lost in vain, the commander of Jinjia Ba Yala couldn't help being furious, and wanted Yuan Yutang and Yuan Yutang to pay for their blood.

Chasing and chasing after each other is like disrupting the situation, making the already chaotic army formation even more chaotic.

Whoosh!

The golden-armored Baya soldiers are extremely skilled in riding, and they can also stand up and draw a bow to shoot armor-piercing arrows while bumping and galloping.

Yuan Yutang and the two were taken aback and fled in panic.

Fortunately, there are people everywhere around, and just temporarily change direction, you can let the unlucky guy be a scapegoat.

Unfortunately, there are pros and cons.

Although the chaotic crowd could provide effective protection, it also slowed down the speed of the two of them, so that they were bitten by the tail by Jinjia Ba Yala, and they couldn't keep the distance.

Situ Killing the Slave has rich experience in the battlefield, and he knows that it is not a good thing to continue to be entangled like this. He may be chased up by the pursuers before he meets most of the rear.

After thinking about it, while Situ Shanu dodged the cold arrow with a low body, he reached into a leather bag on the edge of the saddle.

Turning back to his body, Situ Shanu had several black iron lumps in his hands, turned around and raised them, and immediately turned into several black shadows and shot towards the rear.

Yuan Yutang saw this scene when he knocked a heavy arrow with a horizontal knife.

Before he could figure out the situation, a violent explosion suddenly occurred behind him, and the strong air wave almost knocked him away.

Hissing, Yuan Yutang looked back in horror, and saw a mess behind him, billowing black smoke, many wolf soldiers and war horses were blown to bloody flesh, lying in a pool of blood and crying for a while. .

More enemy soldiers were covered with sharp iron pieces, covering their wounds and losing their fighting power.

This, isn't this the ancient version of the grenade?

Isn't this the ancient world of cultivating immortals that Zhiguai Xiangxiang, why mess up the technology tree?

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but feel a little scared for his recklessness just now.

If there were such sharp weapons in the wolf clan army, I'm afraid he would have died a long time ago.

This bizarre ancient world should not be underestimated.

"My dear brother, don't be distracted, soldiers are precious and fast, we are not out of danger yet!"

Seeing Yuan Yutang stunned, Situ Shanu gave a warning in his busy schedule, and then took out several iron bumps from the leather bag, and threw them back like money.

boom! boom! boom!

Explosions sounded one after another, clearly audible within a few miles.

In addition to killing enemies in a wide range, these ancient grenades can also effectively create fear, and the frightened horses scurry wildly, further escalating the chaos.

Everything seemed cumbersome, but in fact, less than a stick of incense had passed since Situ Shanu led the army out of the city.

Although the iron lumps were sharp weapons on the battlefield, the number that Situ Shanu carried out of the city was not many, and they were exhausted soon.

At this time, a black shadow passed through the thick smoke of the explosion like lightning, and quickly approached the two of them.

The speed of the black shadow was too fast, completely beyond the reaction of Situ Shanu. When he came back to his senses, his eyes suddenly blurred, and he saw a bolt of thunderbolts slashing towards his neck.

Suddenly, Situ Shanu's mind went blank, his hair stood on end, and despair welled up in his heart.

He knew that if no miracle happened, the next second would be when the head fell to the ground.

Damn it!

I haven't regained the fallen mountains and rivers, and I haven't left my name in history~

How can you die here so easily?

Situ Shanu's mind was racing, filled with unwillingness to fill his heart, and the past days came to mind like a lantern, but there was no way to escape his inevitable end.

Knowing that he was powerless, Situ Shanu closed his eyes in pain, ready to embrace the embrace of death.

when!

A loud bursting sound echoed in his ears like thunder, and the desperate Situ Shanu opened his eyes in shock.

I saw a thin and thin figure rushing out like a prancing horse, parrying with a horizontal knife, splashing rotten sparks, blocking in front of him like a mountain.

It's Yuan Yutang!

Pull Situ Shanu back to the world from the underworld at the critical moment!

"Woo..." Yuan Yutang had no time to take care of Situ Shanu behind him, his blood-stained face was flushed with blood, his forehead was twitching, and he gritted his teeth and stared at the formidable enemy in front of him.

It was a burly and inhuman giant man, holding a huge ax the size of a door panel, his muscular giant arms rose like rocks, and seemed to have opened up the world, suppressing Yuan Yutang firmly, as fierce as a wolf His eyes were full of cruel malice.

Yuan Yutang was terrified in his heart, this man's brute force was astonishing, he had never met in his life, if he continued to entangle, he might be in danger of being crushed to death.

"The law of the law~"

The terrifying force kept coming, and the Chitu was overwhelmed, and let out a long cry in pain. The four thick horse legs trembled violently, and it seemed that they were about to be crushed alive.

At this time, a steel knife cut in like a shooting star hanging on the moon, taking the vital parts of the giant man's chest and abdomen.

When the crisis was approaching, the giant man had no choice but to turn around to save himself, unwilling to roar and shake Yuan Yutang away.

Yuan Yutang narrowly escaped death, panting fiercely, and was in a trance for a while.

"My dear brother, let's go, that person is Toto Mobi, one of the top ten Saktus of the wolf tribe, we are not opponents, let's go!"

After struggling to repel the giant Toto Mobi, Situ Shanu rode over and yelled, pulling Yuan Yutang's collar violently.

Yuan Yutang woke up like a dream, and subconsciously rushed forward.

Totomobi's sense of oppression is too terrifying, with his current strength, he can't match it at all, if you don't want to die, you'd better stay away from this beast!

"Shameless man, where are you running!"

Saktu is the title of the strongest warrior of the wolf clan. Only ten people out of a million clansmen are eligible to receive this title. The strength of martial arts is naturally extraordinary.

Tuo Mobi, as the leader of the Golden Armor Bayala in the Tushan tribe, couldn't let go of his credit, he hurriedly hugged the horse's belly tightly, and urged the equally majestic giant horse under his crotch to gallop after him.

Yuan Yutang and the two didn't dare to hesitate for a moment, they tried their best to flatter their horses, while Toto Mobi chased after him relentlessly, the enemy soldiers along the way were brutally hit by pond fish, and their bones were broken one after another.

Suddenly there was a rumbling vibration in front of him. Yuan Yutang thought that there was another enemy intercepting him, and suddenly he felt as if he was facing a big enemy.

Situ Shanu's expression brightened, and he said excitedly, "Don't be afraid, dear brother, it's my Daxia Dragonrider. Rescuers are here, go!"

Startled when he heard the words, Yuan Yutang hastily looked around, only to see a huge commotion in front of him, soldiers of the wolf tribe were thrown into the air from time to time, snow foam swirled, dust billowed, and a terrifying sense of oppression permeated the whole field endlessly like spider silk.

The next moment, Yuan Yutang's heart skipped a beat, his pupils constricted violently, and he finally saw clearly who was in front of him!

It turned out to be a group of men and horses all wearing heavy armor, with no gaps in their bodies, terrifying cavalry like steel monsters are charging in groups!

"Hurr~"

The snorting of the heavy horses was endless, and with the weight of the men and horses plus the heavy armor, every step this group of steel monsters ran caused terrifying movements like the earth shaking and mountains shaking.

From time to time along the way, brave wolf soldiers tried to intercept them. Unfortunately, under the protection of the heavy armor, no matter whether it was arrows, knives, axes, or spears... there was no way to hurt the soldiers inside.

Moreover, once a group charge of this scale is launched, it will crush everything unstoppably, like pushing a mountain of gold and falling a pillar of jade, and anything that tries to stop it will be crushed to pieces!

This is the peak combat power in the era of cold weapons - the terrifying power of heavy armored cavalry!

This iron cavalry descended from the sky was like the last straw that weighed down the camel's back. It smashed open the formation of the left army of the wolf clan like a skill, and staged an unrivaled round of brutal massacre.

"Hahaha, brother, don't be in a daze, hurry up and make meritorious deeds with brother, and kill those barbarian slaves!"

Situ Shanu merged into the torrent of steel, acting as the spearhead of the leader, and shouted vigorously.

At this moment, Yuan Yutang only felt his blood boil, he buckled the stirrup, and drove the horse to stand side by side with Situ Shanu.

Endless arrogance pervades the icy battlefield, this is the romance of a man...

Although a hundred deaths...

And no regrets! ! !


		