

Another two days passed in the blink of an eye.

Since the sudden rainstorm that day, Yuan Yutang not only received life-saving water supplements, but also had a big surprise discovery.

He can simply control the rain!

This discovery undoubtedly gave him a shot in the arm.

At first, he was puzzled as to why he could control the rain even after losing all his mana, but he soon found the answer.

Warlocks use mana as their foundation to communicate with the mighty power of heaven and earth to perform supernatural spells. This is the common cognition of warlocks all over the world.

But Yuan Yutang is different!

All of his cultivation comes from the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art", and the Tiangang supernatural powers he obtained are actually engraved in his sea consciousness soul. Even without mana support, he can still perform some superficial functions almost instinctively.

Don't underestimate this superficial function. For Yuan Yutang today, it is undoubtedly a life-saving straw for the drowning man.

But I didn't find it before, maybe because this ghost desert is too hot, and there is almost no moisture in the air. Under such circumstances, it is impossible to trigger the water control instinct of "calling the rain".

I have to say that the experience of freely controlling the water almost like breathing is simply refreshing, especially in the scorching heat of the desert.

Yuan Yutang ingeniously turned the collected rainwater into an upside-down bowl-shaped water curtain with a diameter of five feet, covering his whole body in it. Walking here is as cool as autumn.

The roiling heat waves are all isolated from the outside. If you are thirsty, you can drink water from the water curtain to quench your thirst at any time, and there is no risk of dehydration.

However, near dusk in the afternoon, Yuan Yutang discovered something was wrong through the water curtain.

I saw that the sky in the distance seemed to be inlaid with a fiery red gold border, and the sky seemed to be burning, magnificent and magnificent.

Immediately afterwards, the strong wind raged, rolling up the yellow sand all over the sky, and a group of shadows that covered the sky and the sun formed visible to the naked eye.

"Fuck, is it Desert Storm?"

Yuan Yutang was shocked at first when he saw this, but soon became happy.

The desert storm is the most terrible disaster in the desert. Once formed, no grass will grow in the place it passes by.

If it were an ordinary person who encountered a desert storm in the unobstructed desert, he would definitely die.

But Yuan Yutang is different from ordinary people. In addition to the water control instinct of 'calling the rain', he also has an instinct called 'breathing the wind' that has not been triggered.

The overwhelming violent sandstorm came in an instant, and the surrounding fields were dark day and night, as if the end was coming.

Yuan Yutang

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

With a cheer, he tried his best to compress the expanded water curtain into a basketball-sized water polo, and immediately jumped into the violent sandstorm.

Sure enough, as he expected, as soon as he plunged into it, the terrifying gust of wind that tore apart everything contained and wrapped him up, just like the gentle gentle breeze moistening everything in spring, making him feel like a fish in water.

In this way, Yuan Yutang got on the "wind car" and went away by wind and sand.


At five o'clock, the raging wind and sand had already traveled thousands of miles away.

Yuan Yutang calmly held the water polo and descended from mid-air on the wind.

Getting off the car halfway was not because the potential energy of Desert Storm was exhausted, but because he had another surprise discovery.

At the foot is a huge river valley that has been dry for an unknown amount of time. From a high altitude, there is actually an oasis several miles away hidden in a sunken crack!

I have to lament the uncanny craftsmanship of nature.

If it wasn't a coincidence that it passed through the air, who would have imagined that there is a universe inside this inconspicuous crack?

Smelling the moist passing wind, Yuan Yutang almost burst into tears.

When there is an oasis, it means that there is food.

It's a pity to see it, these days he has eaten the fleshy stems of cactus, most of the time he is in a state of starvation, and he has long been panicked from hunger.

Suppressing his excitement, he strode towards the crack.

Yuan Yutang's eyes lit up as he walked through the cracked aisle that became wider and wider.

In front of him is a hidden paradise.

The vegetation is luxuriant, the flowers and plants are lush, and there is actually a small lake in the center.

Under the cold moonlight, the surface of the lake shimmers like flowing mercury, which is breathtakingly beautiful.

Yuan Yutang stared at the small lake with green eyes, swallowing with difficulty.

The small bubbles that pop up from time to time on the surface of the lake mean that there are fish in the water breathing.

At present, he can't bear it anymore.

He stripped off his clothes three times and five times, and plunged into the water naked.

Feeling the long-lost water rushing over his body, Yuan Yutang was so excited that he felt the comfortable cold touch.

Swimming big fat fish in the crystal clear lake water, maybe they have never seen strangers, and they are not afraid of strangers when they see Yuan Yutang messing around, and they still roam leisurely.

That being the case, Yuan Yutang was not polite and reached out to grab it.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

After entering the water, he was rewarded a lot, and he caught six or seven big fat fish with ease.

Back on the shore, there was no time to start a fire, and he simply cleaned the scales and internal organs of the fish. Yuan Yutang opened his mouth and gnawed, playing a guest role as a primitive man who drank blood.

Living in unpolluted pure water for a long time, the fish is delicious and tender, and it melts in the mouth. No wonder so many people like to eat raw fish in previous lives.

Sometimes the ingredients are the best when they are authentic.

After eating all the fat fish in one go, Yuan Yutang was finally satisfied.

Lying on the fragrant and soft grass, looking at the bright stars in the sky, the distance between the sky and the earth is closer than ever, as if you can pick a star by reaching out.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling tired when he recalled the near-death and survival these days.

Gradually, my eyelids kept fighting and I fell asleep.

A refreshing breeze blows, the branches and leaves sway, and the grass stems bow their heads.

A black shadow emerged from the water without a sound, and then stood on the surface of the water strangely.

The black shadow looked around, and soon found the target, and locked his eyes on Yuan Yutang, who was sleeping soundly on the shore.

With a sway of his figure, the black image seemed weightless, fluttering lightly with the wind, and came to Yuan Yutang silently.

Yuan Yutang slept so soundly that he didn't notice any abnormality at all.

The black shadow jumped around Yuan Yutang strangely, like a happy urchin.

Not long after, it suddenly plunged forward, plunged into Yuan Yutang's shadow, and then there was no more movement.

The full moon hangs in the sky, and the vegetation is silent, as if everything except the person involved is witnessing this weird scene.

At dawn, Yuan Yutang woke up refreshed and couldn't help stretching himself.

With a simple move, the small lake immediately split into a three-dimensional water polo the size of a water tank, with fat fish swimming in it, which is both pleasing to the eye and magical.

With the ability to control water, Yuan Yutang didn't bother to make his own water storage container, so he set off again grandly holding the multifunctional three-dimensional water polo wrapped with live fish.

Somewhere, he had a premonition that danger seemed to be approaching.

If there are no accidents, you should soon encounter the legendary monster 'Sashapo' who is causing disaster in the desert.

If he didn't want to be trapped here for the rest of his life, he had to face the level of 'Sasha Po'.

It's just that he didn't notice that there were actually two shadows behind him! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		