

Under the waning moon, Nuo Da's Tongshan Pass was divided into countless small battlefields by the monster fog, and the defenders were caught in fierce battles.

Among them, the soldiers with the largest number were the soldiers gathered by Situ Shanu along the way and the firearms led by Chen Jiangnan.

The Daxia army consists of five members, two teams are the division, three divisions are the team, and three teams are the standard.

There are ninety people in a standard force.

Before Situ Shanu arrived, Chen Jiangnan's Huobaobiao had already fought a battle with corpse soldiers, and now there are less than 60 soldiers still fighting, including the slightly wounded.

Situ Killing Nu gathered only more than 100 troops, and the two sides joined together less than 200. With just this few people, facing more than thousands of corpse soldiers covered by monster fog, elusive at any time, and immortal and painless, it is really a drop in the bucket.

And now is not the most dangerous time.

Situ Shanu didn't believe that the wolf generals on the opposite side had planned such a big battle just to harass the defenders.

The army of wolves must be stashing in the dark, ready to launch a fierce attack at any time.

The situation is not to say that it is in danger of hatching eggs, but it is not far behind.

Although Situ Shanu looked calm and composed on the outside, his heart was chilled.

No matter how much he wanted to break his head, he couldn't think of an effective way to break the situation.

Damn it!

Originally, Tongshan Pass also had enshrined warlocks sitting in the town, in order to prevent foreign enemies from making foreign moves.

It's a pity that they were all taken away by the governor half a month ago. I didn't expect that this vacuum period happened to be caught by the invading wolf clan, which caused the deterioration to such a point. It was really bad luck.

Taking a deep breath, Situ Shanu forced himself to calm down and get rid of the messy thoughts in his mind.

He is now the backbone of the entire army and must not be messed up.

Once he gets into a mess, Tongshan Pass will change hands.

For the current plan, I can only see walking, praying for the mercy of the heavens, and a miracle will happen...

"kill!"

Situ Shanu glared angrily, and forced the corpse soldier in front of him to turn around with his claws, even though he was injured, he had to cut off its head sharply, and brought a soldier back from the gate of hell.

Looking at Situ Shanu, who was dripping with blood, the soldier who escaped from death was stunned for a moment, not knowing how to react.

Grabbing the sweat towel around Xiaobing's neck, Situ Shanu slapped him twice without saying a word, and directly called Xiaobing's soul back, and roared, "Don't be dazed, pick up your weapon, and kill me!" go out!"

After finishing speaking, he pushed the soldier away, casually tore off his robe to wrap the wound, and then killed the next corpse soldier who was fighting with the soldiers.

Xiao Bing felt his cheeks burn. Looking at the brave and fearless figure of Situ Shanu, the blood in his heart, overwhelmed by fear, boiled again. With a strange cry, he picked up his sword and followed him away.

The high-ranking general is not afraid of death, so what reason does he, a small soldier, have to be afraid of fighting?

Fight!

On the other side of the battlefield, Chen Jiangnan slashed a corpse soldier with a single knife, and took advantage of the rare gap to catch his breath. Just in time, he saw Situ Shanu restraining three corpse soldiers and saving a fellow soldier with his own strength. He was inexplicably moved.

There are many hills in the army, and anyone with a discerning eye can see that he and Situ Shanu are not dealing with each other.

Aside from the fact that he had the opposite position and interests, he was more displeased with Situ Shanu, the 'playboy' who came down from the air to be gilded to earn his qualifications.

Why?

Why is it that Situ Shanu can ride on him lightly when he endures hardships in the bitter cold of the border?

He refuses to accept it!

Even if Huang Feilong was in charge of guarding the army, he would be more convincing than Situ Shanu!

It is true that Situ Shanu's family background is very prominent, but in the final analysis, what is compared in the army is fists and military exploits!

Whoever has a strong fist and more military exploits will be able to convince others!

But Situ Shanu is really too young, no matter how many military exploits he has boasted about and how many wolf slaves he has killed, these are all false!

There are countless such nasty things of falsely reporting military exploits, and there are many ways for Jiangmen's children to shape themselves into the world of war gods.

As long as he didn't see it with his own eyes, he wouldn't believe anything!

Although Chen Jiangnan is not a famous general in the world, he is a qualified soldier by himself!

That's why he stood firmly in Liu Bu's camp and resolutely opposed Situ Shanu.

This situation is not unique to Chen Jiangnan, many officers and even grassroots soldiers have the same idea.

But since Situ Shanu led a thousand cavalry out of the city to charge three days ago, the situation has changed greatly.

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, tens of thousands of wolves' troops were smashed, and they drove all the way to the rear artillery formation, almost killing the entire heavy artillery battalion.

This kind of fighting against the sky is not the least bit watery, and no one dares to question it.

Many assassins secretly changed their outlook because of this, and truly accepted Situ Shanu as the main general.

Chen Jiangnan was too deeply tied to Liu Bu because of his own interests, he couldn't save face and didn't dare to jump back easily, so he was forced to go all the way to the dark and continue to fight against Situ Shanu.

But after tonight's battle, he really convinced Situ Shanu.

Not every general's son can take the lead in a critical moment and put himself in danger in order to save the humble soldiers.

What's more, Situ Shanu just saved his life.

If it was said that Situ Shanu deliberately played tricks to buy people's hearts, even he himself could not believe such an absurd statement.

Panting heavily, Chen Jiangnan gritted his teeth fiercely, dragged his knife and dashed forward, smashing a corpse soldier who was trying to sneak attack with one knife, and roared with red eyes, "Master Chief Soldier, you can kill the enemy with peace of mind, your back, I Lao Chen will protect you!"

Situ Shanu was slightly taken aback when he heard the words, and then smiled knowingly, and laughed boldly, "With the help of Captain Chen, I can rest easy, brothers, let's fight a bloody road!"

The exhausted soldiers around heard it as if they had been beaten to death, and instantly regained their strength, screaming and fighting the corpse soldiers desperately.

Made with heart and flesh, Situ Shanu, who is courageous and resourceful, and whose righteousness is as thin as sky, is what every soldier dreams of.

Situ killed the slaves, and finally completely subdued this group of proud elite soldiers.


In the wolf camp more than ten miles away from Tongshan Pass, 4,000 well-equipped banner men and 8,000 alien auxiliary soldiers have formed an formation. The chief general, Ackley, is riding in front of a tall horse, looking at the demon fog shrouded in high spirits, shouting "killing shock" In Tongshan Pass in the sky, a cruel smile could not help but appear on the corner of his mouth.

After tomorrow, there will be no more Tongshan Pass in Daxia!

And his prestige of Ackley will shock the world!

If it wasn't for Yaowu not distinguishing between enemy and friend, and the duration hadn't expired, he could not wait to lead the army to attack immediately.

The witch Tie Muzhen was still dancing the weird dance, and continued to cast spells to remotely control the demon fog and corpse soldiers.

Suddenly, a drop of water fell from the dark sky and hit Ackley's mighty and ferocious wolf-headed steel helmet at an extremely fast speed, breaking into countless petals.

Feeling the coolness on his forehead, Ackley said in surprise, "Huh? Why did it suddenly rain? Didn't Mr. Tie Muzhen watch the sky, so it won't rain these days?"

As soon as the words fell, Tie Muzhen, who was twisting his body exaggeratedly, stopped suddenly, his body twitched violently like an electric shock, and spewed out a big mouthful of blood arrows with a wow.

The blood arrow was so powerful that it even washed away the evil ghost's mask, revealing Tie Muzhen's haggard, ghostly old face hidden.

"No, there are warlocks in Tongshan Pass who attracted the power of the celestial phenomenon and broke my law!"

Before Ackley could open his mouth to ask, Tie Muzhen gave the answer with a face full of surprise, and then spewed out several blood arrows in succession with a wow.

The sudden change made Ackley feel ominous, and he hurriedly turned his head to look in the direction of Tongshan Pass, and was immediately taken aback.

It was as if a hole had been torn open from the inside of the tumbling thick monster mist, and a small tornado like a startling rainbow piercing the sun quickly took shape, connecting the heaven and the earth.

rumbling~

A thunderbolt flashed across the sky, and then the big raindrops poured down on the world, and the world was hazy for an instant.

Bathed in the torrential rain, Ackley watched helplessly as one of the magic weapons, the monster mist, was melted by the storm at a speed visible to the naked eye, and his ambition was also extinguished.


Yuan Yutang, who killed the goblin Xiong Wei in one move, was surrounded by violent storms, as if his soul had come out of his body, and entered the legendary fairyland of bliss, without any worries, without any troubles, blissful and at ease, as if he was omnipotent, and any difficulties were beyond his control. Can easily solve.

His eyelids became heavier and his thoughts became more and more clouded. Yuan Yutang instinctively tried to hold on, but unfortunately, his will was no match for God's will after all, and the darkness that came in like a tide almost drowned him.

Just when he was about to lose his hold, he vaguely noticed a figure appearing silently.

Struggling to open a gap in the heavy eyelids that seemed to be crushed by a huge boulder, Yuan Yutang felt that the figure in front of him was very familiar.

"Fool, have you ever regretted it?"

A warm and thick voice came to his ears, and Yuan Yutang's heart was shocked. He finally remembered who that person was, and instinctively blurted out:

"not regret!!"

The figure stroked his beard with a smile, and said calmly, "Since you don't regret it, why don't you wake up? You don't have much time left~"

Yuan Yutang burst into tears instantly, choked up and said, "Master, I miss you so much..."

The blurry figure said cheerfully, "Fool, I have been watching you for a long time, go, go back, this is not the place you should come..."

Yuan Yutang was startled when he heard the words, and just waiting to ask again, he suddenly woke up.

The moment he woke up, he immediately realized how critical the situation was.

The power of celestial phenomena is the strongest manifestation between heaven and earth, there is no one at all.

Hurricanes, rainstorms, snowstorms, thunderclaps... are all supernatural powers that warlocks dream of being able to control. Not to mention the power of controlling the celestial phenomena, even the method of using the celestial phenomena is an important trump card for all sects to keep secret.

Such a powerful supernatural power can only be controlled by a true cultivator above the human immortal level. In other cases, it can only be displayed with the help of the group's joint efforts to arrange the altar. ?

Yuan Yutang took advantage of "Tiangang Secret Art" and directly skipped the limit of the realm to use the supernatural power of "calling the wind and calling the rain". The first few times he just tried it.

This time is different, for the first time without restraint, he completely and truly used the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain' to directly arouse the vision of heaven and earth.

Where is this level of supernatural power that he can control at this stage?

Now let alone control, even if it is to forcibly terminate the magical powers, it is impossible, and the mana is forcibly drawn out of control.

In less than ten breaths, he will be drained of mana and die!

This is not the worst.

The frightening thing is that once the 'calling the wind and calling the rain' is combined with the celestial phenomena, even if Yuan Yutang, the medium of casting the spell, dies, it will not dissipate for a while.

At that time, it may cause a real natural disaster!

As for Tongshan Pass, there may be a catastrophe

Paralyzed, this time I played off!

Yuan Yutang was startled and terrified, he didn't expect this kind of result.

People are prone to runaways in extreme environments. Yuan Yutang thought that instead of waiting to die in Tongshan Pass, it would be better to go to the wolf clan on the opposite side, which can be regarded as a complete friendship with Situ Shanu brothers.

Suddenly, he carried a boundless storm and headed towards the wolf camp outside the city with no momentum!


		