

"Stop it all!"

The violent drinking filled with boundless anger was like rolling thunder across the sky, immediately breaking the tense atmosphere that was about to explode.

A group of firecrackers hurriedly turned their heads to look, and Situ Shanu brought the murderous Huang Feihong and a large group of people rushed over.

The firecrackers froze for a moment, and subconsciously looked at Liu Bu. Seeing that Liu Bu did not respond, they stabilized the firecrackers in their hands and did not put them down.

Seeing this, Situ Shanu's gloomy expression became even more frightening.

As the commander-in-chief of a party, there is nothing more slapping on the face than the soldiers not obeying orders.

"Hey, Commander-in-Chief, the last general is catching up on the secret work, why did you come here after receiving the news?"

Liu Bu came out more and more from behind the firecrackers, and greeted Situ Shanu and others with his hands behind his back.

"Liu Bu, what do you want to do? Privately mobilize troops and horses, do you still have Situ's headquarters in your eyes?" Old General Huang scolded righteously.

Contemptuously cast a contemptuous glance at Huang Feilong, Liu Bu pointed at the scarred-faced guard who had just passed away, and then pointed at Yuan Yutang, sneering disdainfully, "Nowadays the army of wolves is pressing down on the situation, and any disturbance should be treated with caution. The origin of this son is unknown. As the deputy general, it's not wrong to summon him to ask about his background, right? This general just sent someone out, and this son acted violently for no reason. If he didn't have a ulterior motive, why would he react so violently?

Therefore, I will conclude that he is a spy sent by the wolf clan! "

"You fart!" Huang Feilong roared angrily, "In the entire army, who doesn't know Mr. Yuan's righteousness, single-handedly broke into the enemy's camp, and killed the savage slaves of the wolf tribe, how can such a peerless national allow you to wantonly slander?"

Liu Bu spat and sneered, "True gold is not afraid of fire. If he is not a spy of the wolf clan, then he will be handed over to the general for trial. If there is a misunderstanding, so what if he kowtows and admits his mistake?"

"You!" Huang Feilong was trembling with anger, but he couldn't find any strong evidence to refute.

Situ Shanu pressed Huang Feilong's shoulder armor and stepped forward, his fists creaked, his steel teeth were almost crushed, he stared at Liu Bu who was smiling, and twisted his voice, "Liu Bu, you have gone too far! "

Liu Bu pretended to be panic-stricken, and asked in a startled voice, "Why did the commander-in-chief say that? The final general is dedicated to the public and eliminates spies. Is this also wrong?"

After a pause, Liu Bu laughed and said, "If this is also wrong, then let the general make the same mistakes again and again, and help everyone get rid of the spies!"

"shot!"

"Who dares to shoot!"

Suddenly, the two voices seemed to overlap and sounded together.

Liu Bu saw a flash of cold light, and a shining steel knife rested on his neck.

The sharp blade came into contact with the skin of the neck at a negative distance, a blood line burst open, and the bright red blood flowed down.

Life and death are controlled by others, but Liu Bu seems to turn a blind eye, still calm and calm, as if he doesn't take his own life and death seriously.

This sudden scene immediately made the tense atmosphere tense up again.

However, what happened next was extremely unexpected.

These firecrackers of the Shenji Camp are arrogant and domineering on weekdays, and they only recognize Liu Bu as the commander in their eyes.

At this time, Liu Bu was held around the neck with a knife, and they almost subconsciously turned their guns on Situ Shanu.

Huang Feilong was taken aback, and he didn't want to rush forward to block Situ Shanu with his body.

Unexpectedly, instead of being angry, Situ Shanu was happy instead of angry. Liu Bu, who was not afraid of power, changed his face drastically and cursed angrily, "Are you crazy? How dare you point your gun at the commander-in-chief? Quick, put the gun down for me!"

"Hehe, it's too late." Situ Shanu's face turned pale, he put his knife back into its sheath, and said expressionlessly, "According to the "Ten Prohibitions" of the Great Xia Military Law, it is clearly stipulated that comrades in the same robe can kill each other and disobey the top. Disrespect orders, commit any one, beheaded! If Shangfeng takes the lead, then Shangfeng will be guilty of the same crime!"

After all, Situ Shanu looked at Liu Bu, who was kneeling down with a pale complexion, and said with a smirk, "Vice Chief Liu is really good at leading soldiers, I really admire him~"

As soon as the words fell, Huang Feilong's eyes widened with lingering fear, and he shouted loudly, "Come on, let me take down these rebellious officials and thieves!"

After hearing this, the guards behind him drew their knives at a high speed and stepped forward, instantly controlling the group of terrified and inexplicable gunfire soldiers.

"Sir General Soldier, all fifty-seven of the following rebels have been arrested, how to deal with them, please instruct!" Huang Feilong stepped forward with a complicated expression.

A trace of cold murderous intent floated in Situ Shanu's eyes, and he said in a calm tone, "Drag it on, and kill it to enforce military discipline!"

Hearing the bad news suddenly, the dejected and restrained firecrackers suddenly became agitated, crying and shouting:

"Forgive me, please forgive me, Commander-in-Chief~"

"Liu Zongbing, hurry up and save the brothers, please explain clearly to Mr. Zongbing, the brothers are just obeying orders, and the crime is not worthy of death~"

"Situ Shanu, you are disregarding the overall situation in front of the enemy, avenging your personal revenge, and eliminating dissidents. I will not let you go even if I am a ghost!"

It's a pity that no matter how fiercely you scold and how pitifully you cry, you won't be able to attract the sympathy of the accompanying military discipline officer.

Soon these firecrackers were dragged down, with their knives up and down, fifty-seven big heads were separated from their bodies, and new recruits were added to the already grievous Guannei.

Liu Bu, who was so arrogant just now, dared to fight against Situ Shanu head-on, looked ashamed, like an eggplant beaten by frost, and didn't even care about his confidants being dragged down.

When the crisis was resolved, Yuan Yutang, who was watching coldly for a while, withdrew his mana silently, and looked at Situ Shanu with a strange look in his eyes.

Killing decisively, insight into people's hearts, and the city is deep.

Unexpectedly, Situ Shanu turned out to be a hero.

This accident seems complicated, but it is easy to understand when you see the essence.

In the final analysis, there are only four words:

Rights dispute!

First of all, Situ Shanu parachuted into Tongshan Pass, which touched Liu Bu's interests, and the contradictions became increasingly aroused.

Liu Bu has repeatedly used the veteran general Huang Feihu to attack, the purpose is to put pressure on Situ Shanu.

As long as Situ Shanu can't take it anymore, then Dayi is likely to be taken down by Liu Bu, and it is very likely that he will not be able to step down.

Secondly, because of the rules, the two sides can't tear their skins apart, they can only intrigue within the rules.

Liu Bu dared to be so arrogant, there must be a lot of background behind it, and it was so big that Situ Shanu didn't dare to make mistakes, so he tolerated Liu Bu's crimes repeatedly.

The third is that Situ Shanu initially gained a foothold by virtue of his great achievements. Liu Bu, who was plotting to gradually overtake Situ Shanu, did not want to see this situation.

If you don't do it again, there will be no chance to do it again when Situ Shanu becomes successful.

So Liu Bu put all his eggs in one basket, trying to use Yuan Yutang as a breakthrough to attack Situ Shanu's prestige.

Once there is blood, things will be difficult to calm down, and Liu Bu, who has taken up righteousness, will have a chance to make trouble.

At this point, whether Yuan Yutang broke with the officers and soldiers of Tongshan Pass, or was beaten to death, it would be a heavy blow to Situ Shanu who had raised his power and accumulated power.

Liu Bu's abacus was not insignificant.

It's a pity that he had calculated thousands of times, but he didn't realize that Situ Shanu looked young, but in fact he was scheming and ruthless.

Knowing that the soldiers under Liu Bu's command are arrogant and domineering, and no one is defiant.

He deliberately humiliated Liu Bu in public.

Such an agitation really had a miraculous effect, causing Liu Bu to send his neck to the butcher's knife.

Liu Buqi missed even a fight, and he had nothing to say until he died.

This trick of borrowing a knife to kill people is really high, it is really high!


Knowing that the situation was over and he was doomed, Liu Bu gave up his resistance and let the rough soldiers tie him up and take him down.

After walking a few steps, Liu Bu suddenly struggled, turned around and yelled, "Second Young Master, the winner is the king and the loser, this time I am convinced to lose! But before I die, I want you to give an explanation. If you can't give an explanation, then big The young master will not overturn it easily!"

Hearing the words "Eldest Young Master", Situ Shanu's pupils locked suddenly, and the murderous intent flickered again, and he said in a deep voice, "What do you want Ben to explain to you!"

Hearing Situ Shanu's words, the escorting soldiers also stopped, and Liu Bu laughed wildly, "I know you are going to use Yuan Yutang as a reinforcement, but have you ever thought that a brat with unknown background, Du Zun really Will you rest assured to let him stay by your side?"

"The wolves are as cunning as foxes, and they are best at using spies to defraud the city from within. Have you forgotten the lessons of blood and tears in the past? This boy has strange hair and strange clothes, and his abilities are ridiculously strong. I dare to conclude that he is the possibility of being a spy of the wolf clan." At least more than 80%!"

"If you can't prove his identity, I don't think the brothers in the whole army will feel at ease!"

"I've finished speaking, if you want to kill or cut, you can listen to me!"

As soon as this remark came out, everyone present showed thoughtful expressions.

Situ Shanu was expressionless, like a cold statue, staring deeply at Liu Bu, who was pretending to be impassioned, with a cold arc at the corner of his mouth, and said indifferently, "Is it over this time? If there are no other wishes, the afterlife Remember to be a good person."

"Drag it on, and the owl's head will hang in the city for three days, as a warning to others!"

Fearing that Liu Bu would make trouble again, Huang Feilong personally dragged Liu Bu down like a dead dog. With a scream, a dead head appeared on the tower.

It's just that although Liu Bu died, the seeds of doubt had already been sown, and Yuan Yutang's identity was already an extremely serious issue.

If it is not handled properly for a day, I am afraid that the whole army will have trouble sleeping and eating.

Yuan Yutang was very curious about how Situ Shanu would deal with it.

Do you force yourself to tell the story, or take the opportunity to kill yourself to stand up?

No wonder Yuan Yutang thought too much, there were too many such examples in the vast history of 5,000 years in his previous life.

All famous heroes are absolute egoists.

When the core interests are not touched, you can be broad-minded. Once the core interests are touched, you will turn your face and be ruthless!

Although Yuan Yutang values ​​love and righteousness, it does not mean that he is willing to be a victim of other people's power.

If Situ Shanu really wanted to buy people's hearts with his own head, hehe...

After the execution, Huang Feilong came back to return to his command, cast a veiled glance at the seemingly calm Yuan Yutang, his lips moved, and was stopped by Situ Shanu just as he was about to speak.

Immediately, Situ Shanu strode up to Yuan Yutang without saying a word.

Yuan Yutang looked at him calmly.

For a moment the air seemed to freeze.

After a long time, Situ Shanu took the initiative to break the suffocating silence and asked hoarsely, "Yuan Yutang, can I trust you?"

Yuan Yutang felt a little uncomfortable being stared at by Situ Shanu Jiongjiong, thought for a while, and nodded heavily.

Situ Shanu seemed to breathe a sigh of relief, his tense face relaxed in vain, and he turned around and shouted sharply:

"Brothers in Tongshan Pass, I, Situ Shanu, make a solemn promise to you today!

Shaozhou Zhushan Zong Yuan Yutang is my life-and-death friend of Situ Shanu, and he is definitely not a spy of the wolf clan!

If I, Situ Shanu, have eyes but no pearls and mistrust others, I am willing to commit suicide and apologize! "

The words were sonorous and powerful, and spread throughout the city with the wind.

Yuan Yutang was full of astonishment, he didn't expect Situ Shanu to use his wealth and life to protect him.

Seeing Situ Shanu's tall and straight back, he couldn't calm down for a long time.


		