

When Mian Hulu returned from the governor's mansion to the ancestral hall of Wangjia Village, the panic-stricken villagers inside were suddenly shocked, and hurriedly gathered around and asked eagerly.

"What's the matter? Did you tell that master with profound knowledge to take action? What about people? Why did you come back alone, where is the mage?"

Bonk Gourd once thought it was just an ordinary haunting incident, but he never expected that there would be such a strange thing in it.

Thinking of the fact that before he left, he swore frankly that he would ask Yuan Yutang to help him, he couldn't help but blush.

But after the shame passed, a nameless evil fire suddenly rose.

Looking around with cold eyes like a knife, the villagers who had been in high spirits suddenly felt a chill, and the noisy inquiries at the entrance of the vegetable market stopped.

A gray-haired, slow-moving old man walked over with the support of a young man from the village, and asked tremblingly, "Boy Hu, what's the matter? Whether the mage agrees to take action, you have to give everyone a letter~ If not, We might as well invite another expert, what's the matter if you don't say a word?"

Bonk Gourd was full of resentment at first, but when he suddenly heard the old man in front of him yelling at him face-to-face, he couldn't bear it anymore, and immediately cursed, "What's going on? How dare you ask what's going on, you old bastard? You're still going to kill me? It’s not all the fault of you pickled bastards!!”

"That ghost is the legendary Meng Shuangshi, a debt collector who came back to avenge the innocent couple killed by you!"

When everyone heard this, they were shocked in an uproar, and instinctively evaded:

"Hey, how can you insult people's innocence out of thin air? Our Wang Family Village has been peaceful for generations, and we have never done anything harmful to nature!"

"Wow, man, don't be so arrogant, otherwise I will make your blood splatter on the spot!"

"Oh, there is no evidence for this, but please don't say it again. If word gets out, our village's reputation will be ruined~"

"Huh, you also said that you and the mage are life and death brothers, and you can't even do such a small thing, so you have the nerve to brag?"

"I heard that there is a gentleman in the neighboring town who is very effective in curing evil and catching demons. He is always beneficial. Let's go and invite him while the sun is still early."

Looking at the noisy villagers who knew the truth but pretended to be stupid, Men Hulu couldn't help but feel angry.

It is simply stupid to die without regret!

The anger in his heart grew stronger, Gourd Gourd gritted his teeth and stared, his fists clucking loudly, like a wild beast that chooses to eat people, subconsciously weighing whether to kill a few troublemakers first to vent his anger.

Anyway, according to what the young master said, no one present is innocent.

These seemingly innocent animals who have committed heinous deeds and brought Yingniang into trouble, deserve to die!

Cao Ying, who had been squeezed in the periphery and couldn't speak, couldn't help being surprised when she saw the abnormal state of the gourd. She hurriedly squeezed into the crowd, hugged the gourd nervously and begged, "Fugui, calm down, don't be as knowledgeable as the folks, do Don't be impulsive~"

It wasn't until now that the chattering villagers realized that something was wrong, but they saw that the gourd was murderous, staring at them like a wolf, and immediately backed away in panic.

Youdao is that the consolation of relatives is the best medicine for healing. Under Cao Ying's tireless persuasion, Men Hulu finally calmed down.

The evil fire came and went quickly.

Looking at Cao Ying who was full of worries, Men Hulu couldn't help feeling sad, and suddenly hugged Cao Ying and burst into tears.

"Oh, oh, Ying Niang, I'm useless, I can't save your mother and son, oh oh~"

The most helpless thing in the world is knowing that the life of a loved one is in danger, but being powerless, that feeling of powerlessness is enough to drive an iron-clad man crazy.

This grief was beyond everyone's expectations, and the villagers watched in a daze as this tall and thick man cried in public, speechless for a while.

"Aww, it's useless, no mage is willing to take action, Meng Shuang is a debt collector, with the protection of destiny, who dares to contend with destiny?"

"Yingniang, it's hard for you, I haven't had time to marry you, you are about to encounter an accident, I'm useless, I'm damned, ouch~"

In an instant, the only sound left in the ancestral hall was the sad cry of Mian Hulu.

Cao Ying was caught off guard by this sudden change.

The faces of the villagers were all unkind, and there seemed to be a fierce light in their eyes, and they walked towards Men Hulu and Cao Ying intentionally or unintentionally.

At this time, the scolded old man sighed, and said with a bitter face, "Forget it, what's the use of hiding it now? The debt that should be paid must always be paid. You can't hide it, and you can't hide it. Let's go back and prepare for the funeral."

"Cunzheng!" The delusional villagers are still waiting to explain.

"The old man said, everyone went back to prepare for the funeral. Their ears are deaf, or is it that the old man's words are not good?" leave silently.

Soon there were only a few people left in the ancestral hall.

Overjoyed and saddened, it was the most exhausting. After venting the boredom, he lost his strength and fell asleep.

The village is asking the young man who followed him to help the gourd aside to sleep peacefully, and then sighed to Cao Ying, "Widow Cao, maybe our Wang family has troubled you this time."

"Cunzheng, what, what's going on here?" Cao Ying couldn't help asking, still confused until now.

Village Zheng seemed to think of something he felt guilty about, and couldn't help crying, and tremblingly told a secret that had been dusty for many years:

The first emperor was titled Yingde, and his reign was not long, only seven years, but he had been the crown prince for thirty-five years before that.

Four years in Yingde, exactly twenty years ago.

There is a young talent in Wangjia Village, named Wang Zhongqing, who was enlightened at the age of three, able to compose at the age of five, intensively studied poetry and books, and passed the entrance examination at the age of nine. He is a well-known child prodigy in Gyeongju.

Wang Zhongqing has a finger pulp for marriage, and his childhood sweetheart's fiancée is called Chen Zhilan, who is from Zhengding County under the jurisdiction of Qingzhou. She is virtuous and beautiful, with a big red Guanyin mole between her eyebrows. .

Everyone in Qingzhou knew that the young girl of the Chen family was a good match, so knowing that she had a marriage contract, the matchmakers still broke through the threshold, and many of them were noble children seeking talents.

Wang and Chen have a very close relationship. Even though Wang Zhongqing's family is poor, Chen Zhilan has no intention of disliking her. Before she married, she often helped manage the family business, just to let Wang Zhongqing study with peace of mind, hoping that one day she will be the top student in high school and shine on her family.

Soon the young couple will reach the marriageable age, and Chen Zhilan insists on carrying out the marriage contract regardless of the opposition of her father, who is swayed by the matchmaker's money and intends to regret the marriage.

Wang Zhongqing deeply felt the beauty's kindness, so he studied harder and harder to prove to the world that Chen Zhilan's choice was not wrong.

After marriage, the young couple lived a happy life of husband and wife singing and singing and playing harmoniously.

If things have been developing normally, maybe the unswerving love story of the two will be passed down to future generations and become a good story for a generation.

It's a pity that the weather was unpredictable, and the turning point of the fate of the two happened in the summer of Yingde's fourth year.

In recent decades, the Great Xia Dynasty has been plagued by natural disasters. In this year, the Northeast Road has experienced a drought that has never been seen in a century. The land is thousands of miles away, there is no harvest, starvation is everywhere, and children cannibalize each other, just like purgatory on earth.

Speaking of the short reign of Emperor Yingde, he was a good emperor with a kind heart, especially caring about people's livelihood. Hearing that there was a severe drought in the Northeast Province, he specially sent imperial envoys to escort a large amount of food and grass to rescue the victims.

Although the Emperor Yingde's intentions were good, his fault was that he entrusted him with an inhumane person.

The imperial envoy's name is Liu Chengnan, the concubine of the founding father of Zhao Guogong's family.

Liu Chengnan is flattering and bullying, greedy and taking advantage of his position, most of the disaster relief supplies have fallen into his family's treasury before they leave Beijing, and when he arrives in the place, he even eats and asks for cards, completely ignoring the victims life and death.

Moreover, Liu Chengnan is also extremely greedy and lustful, especially fond of married women. Any woman from a good family that he takes a fancy to will not escape bad luck in the end.

Severe drought spreads all over the road, and Wangjia Village is also inevitable. In order to survive, everyone can only survive on the daily porridge from the porridge shed outside the city.

Liu Chengnan amassed money all the way, and after arriving in Gyeongju, he played and sang every night.

Suddenly one day, on a whim, he took his followers to several porridge sheds outside the city to inspect the people's conditions.

Unexpectedly, he saw Qingshui Furong from the hungry people at a glance, and the little woman Chen Zhilan who couldn't hide her beauty even if she couldn't eat for many days.

The following plot is nothing special, it is nothing more than a vulgar drama of a lecherous official lord who is not a son of a man, and robs the women of the people by force.

His beloved wife was insulted, and Wang Zhongqing, who was already angry with the book business, made him most desperate when his fellow countrymen, whose blood was thicker than water, turned into accomplices.

Just three stones of grain was enough to buy them all who were hungry and crazy. The villager personally led people into the house and tied up their husband and wife. In the end, Wang Zhongqing watched helplessly as his desperate wife was taken away.

The accomplices in the village also tried to use the shameless name of putting the overall situation first to brainwash Wang Zhongqing.

How could the young and energetic Wang Zhongqing endure such a shameful humiliation?

As soon as he was untied, he slammed his head against the wall and died on the spot.

Chen Zhilan, who was tortured inhumanely and bruised all over her body, also committed suicide by throwing herself into a well the next day when she heard the news of Ailang's tragic death.

The imperial envoy Liu Da ate and wiped himself clean, so he patted his ass and left. Before he left, he didn't forget to send Chen Zhilan's body back to Wangjia Village, so that those devastated villagers could help with the aftermath.

In order to cover up the scandal, Murata could only grit his teeth and publicize that Wang Zhongqing and his wife could not survive the catastrophe and starved to death at home.

After the disaster, in order to seek spiritual comfort, those who participated in the disaster also hypocritically helped Wang Zhongqing and his wife collect the bones and bury them together.

I never thought that people are doing it, and the sky is watching. It's not that they don't report, but that the time has not yet come.

Twenty years later, Wang Zhongqing and his wife, who died of injustice, finally turned into evil ghosts and came back to take revenge!

In fact, when Cao Ying described the appearance of the two-headed ghost who killed Wang Hansan's family, the elders in the village immediately thought that Wang Zhongqing and his wife had come to claim their lives.

Every household in Wangjia Village was involved in what happened back then, so the village official asked the villagers to go home to prepare for the funeral.


After the story was told, Muramasa seemed to be tormented by guilt for twenty years.

Cao Ying's face was as gloomy as water, and finally he gritted his teeth and spit out two words:

"It deserves it!"

"There is one in Wang's Village, all beasts with human face and animal heart, who committed such evil deeds, they all deserve to die!"

"The deceased husband of the slave family was still young, but the evil things that happened back then must have something to do with the elders in his family."

"If it is God's destiny to pay the blood debt for the predecessors, I have nothing to say! But don't pretend to regret it hypocritically here! My family is disgusting!"

"Old bastard, just obediently wait to die!"

Cao Ying couldn't vomit, cursed viciously, and then went to wake up the gourd with a sullen face, and the two went home to wait for death.


		