

In the seventeenth year of Daxia, August eighth.

That night.

Fengcheng Mansion, three hundred miles away from Kuidou County, was full of singing and dancing, very lively.

August 8th is the folk tradition of the Northeast Province "Autumn Festival". On this day, men, women and children gather together, dressed in costumes, singing and dancing, to celebrate the autumn harvest and pray for good weather and a good harvest.

This year just happened to catch up with the new magistrate's appointment, so the bureaucrats of the government government held a grand lantern festival in order to welcome their superiors.

Double Happiness Lincheng, even if the moon is in the sky, it is hard to extinguish the enthusiasm of the people.

All kinds of exquisite lanterns parade along the street. Pedestrians are in a hurry, gongs and drums are loud, there are many vendors, and even the gates of the city are opened wide, allowing the people to come and go freely.

Among the pedestrians who came to join in the fun after hearing the news from all over the world, the travel-stained Yuan Yutang led a horse and mixed among them.

Finally arrived at Fengcheng Mansion on August 8th, Yuan Yutang heaved a sigh of relief, after entering the city, he did not go to the lantern festival with the crowd, but chose to wander towards the north of the city where there are few people.

Compared with the lively and bustling city center, the north of the city is a bit quiet and eerie.

There is no sound around, no lights at all, as it gets deeper and deeper, it seems to have entered a silent world.

Yuan Yutang stood silently in front of an archway, and suddenly two strange red lights flashed across his pupils.

Immediately below the archway, the scene was like a rippling lake thrown into stones. After a while of swaying, a new world slowly unfolded like a picture scroll.

"Take a look, take a look, the ancient ferocious beast Pixiu Claw, which is rare in a hundred years, you won't miss it if you miss it~"

"The latest Western ghosts who have landed ashore, don't look at them covered with dirty gauze, this is a good thing, grind it into powder and drink it with water, but the golden gun will not fall, night royal ten girls!"

"The latest KitKat Eight Treasure Box from Tianji Pavilion, if you want to buy it, hurry up!"

"Top-grade fox girl, romantic and affectionate, can go up to the hall and down to the kitchen, an excellent choice for adding fragrance to the red sleeves!"

It's hard to imagine that there is a noisy market hidden in the illusion.

The lights are as bright as day, and the alleys and alleys are connected together, and the end can't be seen at a glance, which is incredible.

This night market is no ordinary night market, it is the legendary ghost market of warlocks with mixed fish and dragons!

There are a lot of strange people in the ghost city, any spectator who comes and goes and stops may be a famous person, and a street vendor who is not amazing may also be a devil with profound knowledge and skills. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is the most true portrayal here.

There are no secular rules here, but everything is possible. What is important in trading is eyesight. If you don’t have eyesight, you deserve to be cheated.

The reason why Yuan Yutang hurried to Fengcheng Mansion on August 8th was to visit this annual ghost market.

The purpose is to inquire about a message.

Randomly stopping a fat man with a big belly and rich clothes, Yuan Yutang smiled and clasped his fists and said, "Brother, how dare you ask 'Bao inquiring' how to imitate it?"

The big fat man dressed as an outside member slid his round eyeballs up and down, looked at Yuan Yutang calmly, and replied after a long while, "A certain family Tu Hong, who came from Tianmen Mountain, the little brother looks very familiar, I don't know where he came from What faction?"

Yuan Yutang answered truthfully.

"Pindao Yujizi, the twenty-eighth generation head of the Jingshan Sect in Shaozhou, has just arrived at the precious land, so he is very polite."

"Oh~ so it's a master of Taoism." The big fat man Tu Hong said thoughtfully, then rolled his eyes and said with a smile. "It just so happens that a certain family is also going to look for that 'bao inquire'. If you don't mind it, you can go together."

"So, thank you."

After saying that, the two went together.

Along the way, Tu Hong introduced to Yuan Yutang all the secrets of the ghost market in the manner of an old man.

"The ghost market, the ghost market, is a dark underground trading market, so the most important thing here is not to trust other people's words. It's not bad to keep a few more eyes on everything, and the most important thing is not to reveal the money. Most of the transactions here are After discussing the initial intentions face to face and then looking for a secret place to trade, if they are accidentally targeted by bad guys, it will be a big deal."

"Try to walk in bright places and avoid wandering in dark places where no one is around, or you will lose your life in a daze, and you won't know who to seek revenge for if you become a ghost."

"Most of the transactions here are the sale of goods, and they are not responsible. This is the rule, so you should think twice before making up your mind."

With that said, the two came to a dark alley.

This alley is narrow and long, and far away from crowds. It is a natural place for killing people and stealing goods.

Tu Hong, who was walking in front, stopped suddenly, and immediately several men with malicious intentions appeared from the shadows, and surrounded Yuan Yutang.

Tu Hong turned around, and said with a smile on his face, "Hehe, little brother is still too young, I told you just now, don't trust other people's words, and don't give away your money easily, why don't you listen to my advice?" Woolen cloth?"

"Don't blame me for being ruthless, you are wearing a black-level cassock to show off in the market, instead of taking advantage of other people, you might as well take advantage of me, at least I will give you a good time when I do it."

Seeing the picture poorly, there is nothing to say.

Without saying a word, those ferocious men drew their weapons and charged at Yuan Yutang like wolves.

The murderous intent is approaching, but Yuan Yutang has never been in a hurry, and still has the leisure to straighten the folds of his robe.

That's right, the exquisite moon-white robe he is wearing now is a mysterious robe given by a wild god in the fairyland.

In this world of Liao Zhai, where there are immortals and ghosts, and demons are rampant, the existence of magic weapons and magical weapons is of course indispensable.

People are divided into high and low, and magic weapon is no exception.

From low to high, there are four levels of Tiandi Xuanhuang.

Although the level of the Xuanji vest is not high, it is a rare defensive magic weapon, and it is still very attractive to ordinary warlocks.

Yuan Yutang didn't know the seriousness, he was coveted by villains from the moment he set foot.

It's just that clever hunters often appear as prey.

When the dust settles, we will know who is the real hunter.


There were a few dull beating sounds in the cramped alley, and then there was no movement.

Tu Hong lay dead in a dark alley with his eyes fixed on him. Until he died, he couldn't believe that he was carried in the hands of a half-haired boy with no hair.

Yuan Yutang happily touched the dead body to search for surplus money.

It has long been seen that the fat man is uneasy and kind.

Since you dare to engage in the no-cost business of killing and extorting goods, you should be prepared to pay your way and die on the street. Your skills are not as good as others, and you will die without complaint.

After a while, Yuan Yutang walked out of the alley contentedly.

What I harvested this time is no longer spells, but a few medium-level martial arts cheat books and a few secret recipes for strengthening bones and cultivating vitality.

It can't be said to be a big harvest, but it's better than nothing. After all, he is considered a half warrior, and the secret books and recipes are quite useful to him.

That's why the old people often say that young people should go out and venture more. If you always hide in the mountains and build cars behind closed doors, how can you experience the joy of touching the corpse and opening the box?

Returning to the ghost market, Yuan Yutang noticed that the prying eyes of several groups who had been secretly following quietly receded.

In the final analysis, the strength of this world prevails.

As long as you show enough strength, you won't have too much trouble coming to your door.

Ha ha, a bunch of bullying softies.

Yuan Yutang took out his cigarette and wandered around while smoking, looking like a bum.

From time to time, I saw warlocks who were deceived into bankruptcy crying bitterly in the street, and there were also self-proclaimed bright-sighted stunned youths who stepped into the ghost market vigorously.

Life is full of vicissitudes, nothing more than this.

Yuan Yutang was very addicted to watching these rare shows in the market.

Without further ado, he came to a dilapidated house with air leaks on all sides.

If he found the right place, this should be the destination of his trip.

When Yuan Yutang walked into the dilapidated house, he was almost taken aback by the oncoming noise.

I saw that the dilapidated house, which looked inconspicuous from the outside, was actually overcrowded inside.

The warlocks with excited expressions were in groups of three or four, dancing and discussing loudly with each other, like red-eyed gamblers.

"Come on, there's a big stubble coming from booth No. 3, and you want to challenge to open the golden coffin. If you want to make a fortune, hurry up and place a bet!"

Suddenly someone yelled, and those fanatical warlocks were startled, stunned for a few moments, and then roared loudly, scrambling towards booth No. 3.

Yuan Yutang slammed his mouth in surprise, and then gave full play to the good qualities cultivated in the nine years of compulsory education in his previous life, grabbed a young warlock who was trotting past, and asked, "Brother, what are you doing over there?" what?"

The young warlock instinctively struggled a few times, but he couldn't break free from Yuan Yutang's pull, so he had no choice but to explain, "Do you know the golden coffin? It has always been a special coffin for princes and nobles, and there are often treasures buried in it.

The owner of the coffin was rich and honored during his lifetime, and he certainly did not want someone to rob the tomb and steal the funerary objects after his death, so every golden coffin is extremely dangerous, and those who dare to attack the golden coffin must be ruthless characters. "

Yuan Yutang kept nodding his head in amazement, and then asked again, "So you all rushed over to watch a play? Why did I hear someone say that you can make a fortune by betting? What are you betting on?"

The young sorcerer was so annoyed that he was about to cry, and said with a bitter face, "Of course it's not all for watching the show. Opening the coffin and exploding it is an evil deed that hurts the morals. If it's not good, who would make up for it?" Where is the excitement in Germany? They are gambling on coffins!"

Yuan Yutang hissed and widened his eyes in astonishment, and asked incredulously, "Gambling coffins? Can coffins be used as gambling?"

"Don't you know something? Why can't coffins be gambled with? I'm not afraid to tell you that there are many ways to gamble!"

"Opening the coffin is extremely thrilling, no one knows what will happen, especially the golden coffin of princes and nobles, opening the coffin rashly is a narrow escape."

"A courageous young man who dares to open the coffin will naturally dislike others, so business opportunities will come."

"Bet on how long it will take to open the coffin, bet on whether the person who opened the coffin will die or live or be disabled in the end, bet on whether there is any treasure in the coffin, bet on the value of the treasure...Anything you can think of, you can gamble. Oh, I said little brother, Just show mercy and let me go, I almost lost my pants last year, and I'm counting on this time to get back my money!"

After letting go of the impatient young warlock, Yuan Yutang followed Daliu to booth No. 3, ready to feast his eyes and see if it was as thrilling as he said.


		