

About 25 years ago, in the third year of the Yuan Dynasty in Daxia, there was a scholar in Gaoyun Daopei County. He was from a poor family and loved calligraphy and painting.

Scholars regard calligraphy and painting as more important than fame, and practice three-nines in winter and three-hour summers in summer, and they have long honed their basic skills to perfection.

In order to make a living, and to maintain his hobbies, he chose a profession that is generally despised by scholars—generation painting.

Whenever he sees his employer getting fame and fortune with his paintings, the scholar feels bad.

However, he also understands that if he does not represent the painting, even the most basic living security cannot be maintained, so why buy expensive pens, inks and papers.

In this way, three years have passed.

The scholar lived frugally and finally got rid of poverty. At the same time, he also painted a picture of "Pilgrimage of Beasts" that he thought was a masterpiece, which happened to be the emperor's fiftieth birthday that year.

He wanted to present the painting he had written with all his painstaking efforts as a gift to the imperial court, determined to make a blockbuster and prove himself.

The scholar is determined and skilled in painting, but his eyesight is not very good.

There was a close friend who met Yu Weimo, and the two were congenial and often met to discuss painting skills.

A friend from a wealthy family often sponsored his life, so the scholar thought that the two of them had a very close friendship. On the day when "Pilgrimage of Beasts" was completed, he couldn't wait to invite his friend to observe and give advice.

He was very happy that day, and his friend was full of praise after seeing the painting. The two exchanged glasses and got drunk.

However, when the scholar woke up, he was horrified to find that his friend and the painting had disappeared at the same time.

"Hundred Beasts Pilgrimage" has gathered half of his life's painstaking efforts. He must not lose anything. He spent many days searching for paintings and friends to no avail. He felt that the sky was about to fall.

After half a year in a daze, by chance, he heard a piece of news in a teahouse, which made him feel like a thunderbolt.

The friend actually pretended to be a fake, and used his hard work to flatter the emperor. Since then, he has been on the rise, and has been an official in the Hanlin Academy of Painting, becoming a rising star in the imperial painting circle.

The scholar couldn't bear the blow, and in desperation, he turned evil to the sidelines. He actually wanted to assassinate his friend who had a murderous face and a beastly heart to seek justice for himself.

The ideal is plump, but the reality is cruel.

Since ancient times, people have not fought with officials. One side is a rookie official who has achieved success and fame, and the other side is a poor and down-and-out scholar. The status is so different that the so-called seeking justice is just a self-deceiving joke.

Before the scholar could act, he was denounced by the villain.

My friend also knew that the scholar was the only blemish on his bright future, and he happened to bump into the muzzle himself, how could he let it go?

Therefore, the scholar was sent to death row for the crime of attempting to assassinate the imperial court official, waiting to be executed in autumn.

On the eve of execution, an old man suddenly appeared in front of the disheartened scholar.

The old man was wearing a black robe with a checkerboard pattern embroidered on his chest, and his face was quite mean.

The old man didn't talk nonsense, he just asked the scholar a question:

"Are you going to die innocently with a big grievance, or would you rather survive as a heinous vengeful ghost?"

The scholar did not hesitate for a moment, and decisively chose the latter.

Then the old man unbelievably took him out of the death row, and at the same time presented him with a "Magic Painting Treasure Book".

At the end, leaving only one sentence, he disappeared on the spot:

"The old man gave you a new life and gave you the chance to avenge your hatred. If you need it in the future, you need to use your life to repay today's karma."

The scholar looked towards the old man's disappearance with tears streaming down his face.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Kowtowing heavily to Xiang, he took the incomparably precious "Magic Painting Treasure Book" and fled to the mountains to live in seclusion and practice penance.

Five years later, a horrific and horrific murder came from the imperial capital.

Thirty-seven members of the family of the upstart servant of the Hanlin Academy of Painting and Calligraphy were massacred overnight. The scene was like a bloody slaughterhouse. "Pilgrimage of Beasts" is a masterpiece of "Fame".

As soon as the case came out, the ruling and opposition parties were shocked.

Since then, there has emerged a group in Tianshui Road in the south who likes to use blood as ink, bones as brushes, and skins as paper, and kills living beings to refine the "Dementor Painting" volume 9981. The most powerful demon tycoon——

Magic painting scholar!


boom~

The sound of an explosion like a catastrophe brought the magic painting scholar's thoughts back to reality.

The stone demon and 'Linglong' were fighting fiercely in mid-air, and the momentum was terrifying.

"Did you have a plan?" Yuan Yutang stared firmly at the floating water droplets not far away, but he never dared to make a move.

The magic painting scholar had told him just now that the wordless stele had been refined into water droplets by Linglong with blood, and as long as Linglong didn't die, no one could take it away.

"Is there a way for you to buy me some time?" the magic painting scholar asked.

Yuan Yutang pondered for a moment, then said in a deep voice, "I can only promise to do my best."

The magic painting scholar nodded and said with a smile, "It's enough to have a gentleman."

"When will it start?" Yuan Yutang asked again.

"Soldiers are expensive and fast, and if you wait for a long time, there will be more variables. Act now!" the magic painting scholar said awe-inspiringly.

"I understand."

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, it was windy and windy for half a mile.

It is said that once you work hard, you will decline again, and you will be exhausted three times.

The same is true for Yuan Yutang, after the peak of his fighting spirit just now, his momentum has dropped slightly.

But even so, no one dared to underestimate him.

The stone demon and 'Linglong' who were fighting fiercely discovered his intervention at the same time. Although they didn't stop dealing with him, it was obvious that the two of them devoted part of their energy to guarding against him.

The magic painting scholar didn't hesitate when he saw this, he took out a blank scroll from his arms and spread it on the ground, cut his wrist, used blood as ink and finger as pen, and began to paint on the spot.

Every time a stroke is written on the blank scroll, the color of the scene seems to be gloomy, which is indescribably weird.

'Linglong' was the first to discover something was wrong, and hastily looked at it. She couldn't help but said in amazement, "The ultimate meaning of "The Treasure of Magic Painting"——Landscape and Human World? Are you crazy?"

Yuan Yutang's expression changed, but he didn't make a sound.

For the well-informed 'Linglong' to be so amazed, it must be that the magic painting scholar's painting is not trivial.

In view of this, he walked silently in front of the magic painting scholar who was concentrating on painting, and showed his attitude with actions.

If you want to interrupt the painting of the magic painting scholar, step over my corpse first!

Just as 'Linglong' was about to say something, unexpectedly a giant rock python sprang out from the ground below, biting one of her long legs with one bite, immobilizing her instantly.

The earth demon seized the opportunity and punched it like thunder.

Distraction is the worst thing to do when confronting an enemy, not to mention that her opponent is an earth demon whose instinct is as keen as a beast, and she will pay the price immediately.

"Go away, old man!"

Facing the attack of the earth demon and the giant rock python, Linglong stopped drinking in vain. An illusory bone ghost was stripped from her body.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Arms staggered and flew, respectively facing the incoming enemy.

bump!

The powerful punch of the Earth Demon smashed the arm of the Bone Specter, and continued to bombard with a little momentum. The Rock Python was not so lucky, and the whole body was shattered.

The 'Linglong' who had regained her freedom did not fight hard with the earth demon, and turned around flexibly in the air, avoiding the earth demon's heavy punch in a thrilling manner.

"Howling~"

The earth demon, who acted entirely on instinct, looked up to the sky and screamed, only seeing the most threatening 'Linglong', and immediately chased after it, launching a terrifying offensive that would never die.

'Linglong' was full of anxiety, but had to concentrate on dealing with the earth demon.

Yuan Yutang, who was on guard underground, couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.

To be honest, he was very reluctant to face 'Linglong' head-on, it felt too dangerous to him.

But the big man kept his promise, and he had already promised to help the scholar of boxing magic painting, and he would stick to it no matter what.

The time for half a stick of incense is not long, not short.

Yuan Yutang felt extremely tormented, as if the days seemed like years.

Many times I couldn't help turning my head and urging the magic painting scholar to move faster, but seeing the magic painting scholar's undivided attention, I had to swallow the words of urging.

After an unknown period of time, the fierce battle in the sky intensified, and it was obvious that the winner was about to be decided.

Just when Yuan Yutang was about to run out of patience, he suddenly heard a loud shout from behind him:

"The universe is upside down, the mountains and rivers are in the world, and the urgency is like a law, order!"

In an instant, everything in the world seemed to be frozen, and strange fluctuations of colorful colors overflowed from the freshly baked blood-colored scroll.

The affected objects seem to have been wiped by a huge eraser, and the colors will soon fade away, while the bright and fluctuating colors will become more vivid, just like the reality and the picture are reversed, the reality becomes the world in the painting, and the world in the painting replaces it. Reality.

The 'Linglong' who had just faced off with the earth demon suddenly looked ferocious. Seeing that the gorgeous fluctuations were about to touch the suspended water droplets, she broke her heart and screamed loudly:

"The old man has counted all the secrets and waited for a good opportunity for more than three hundred years. How can he hand it over to others?"

"Since you insist on picking chestnuts out of the fire, then don't blame the old man for being inhumane!"

"Boneless and formless, eat all the wastes, and welcome the Eight-faced Buddha to the world!"

Suddenly, a vast and boundless terrifying aura descended on the giant mountain, and the endless thunderclouds in the sky seemed to be split by a knife, opening a huge and incomparable gap.

Looking carefully, there actually appeared a huge eyeball that covered the sky and covered the sun, like an ancient demon god coming through time and space, bowing his head and coveting the world.

Ever since the wordless stele was refined into suspended water droplets, a motionless nine-day reincarnation disk suddenly shook after the giant eye appeared, and the mighty divine light soared into the sky, instantly forming a huge blue net that covered the sky and the earth, like a rising continent. With the giant eye mask removed, it looks like the Nuwa mending the sky in myths and legends.

Yuan Yutang was too shocked to speak.

The giant eye behind the crack gave him the same feeling as the two ghost kings he had met. He didn't expect that the nine-day reincarnation disk would have the ability to compete with such an existence. It was simply unimaginable.

The inexplicable power of the nine-day reincarnation disk made Linglong's abacus come to nothing, and he was already on the verge of riding a tiger. If the suspended water droplets were robbed by the "Shanshuirenjian" with the ability to turn the world upside down, then his painstaking efforts of more than three hundred years would be in vain. flow.

No matter what, it is necessary to prevent the nine-day reincarnation disc from successfully mending the sky!

As long as the clone of the Eight-faced Buddha successfully lands in the secret realm, she will be invincible!

So, fight! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		