

Jagar Lakeside, Forest II?

Suddenly, an unruly figure flashed in Yuan Yutang's mind.

Hehe, even if it turns into ashes, he will never forget the beast that killed his brother and mother just to keep alive.

Although he already remembered who Lin Er was, Yuan Yutang remained calm.

Yuan Yutang cared more about the strange beast that he sat down than that young man in a well-dressed man of unknown origin.

I remember that in the grove where the female badger died more than two months ago, Mian Hulu seemed to see the culprit who killed the female badger.

According to his description, the alien beast that killed the female badger was red all over, with wings on its back, resembling a bear like a bear, born to resist fire, didn't it coincide with the alien beast in front of it?

So, this fierce beast is the culprit who killed the mother of 'Brother Pingtou'?

After waiting for a long time and seeing no answer from Yuan Yutang, the young man in Huafu couldn't help being furious, and roared, "Too many people died unjustly at your hands, so you can't remember?"

"Forget it, I'm not afraid to tell you, I am Lin Er!"

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened suddenly when he heard the words, and he looked at the young man in Chinese clothes in disbelief.

how is this possible?

At that time, his wind blade had already crushed Lin Er to pieces, how could the dead be revived?

Besides, this person has nothing in common with Lin Er in Yuan Yutang's impression.

But upon closer inspection, the sinister and unruly eyes seemed somewhat similar.

For a while, Yuan Yutang fell into the confusion of familiarity and unfamiliarity, and his perception was chaotic.

"Amitabha. Didn't the benefactor use the 'returning sun ban technique' to send his soul to ghosts and become a ghost among people who is neither human nor ghost?"

Bai Yun suddenly gave a shocking answer.

The young man in Huafu sneered when he heard the words, and snorted, "You little bald donkey has some sharp eyesight, and you even know the secrets of ghosts among humans."

"That's right, my young master has become a ghost among men and has come back to life!"

After saying that, he stood up in vain, lifted up his fine clothes, and roared ferociously, "Yuan Yutang, do you know how much I have suffered in these more than a hundred days and nights to stand in front of you again, and come and see what you have made?" Debt!"

Yuan Yutang looked at it as he said, and felt his scalp numb and nauseous after just one glance.

What he saw was a disgusting scene he had never seen before.

Is this really a body that a living person can have?

White maggots drilled randomly, corpses flowed horizontally, and flesh was eroded. Even the legendary zombie body may not be so shocking.

What the hell is that ghost?

"Amitabha..." Baiyun said compassionately on his immature face, "Idiot, do you know that life, old age, sickness and death are the cycle of heaven, if you forcibly reverse yin and yang, you are not afraid of being backlashed by heaven, and you will not be reborn forever?"

"Hahaha~" The young man in Huafu, no, to be precise, he was the ghost Lin Erxuan laughed wildly, "Heaven's backlash? A joke!

Do you know whose son this young master is?

This young master is the only son of one of the Four Disabled Laymen of the Red Lotus Sect, the "Reverend Human Deficiency"! "

"My father is supernaturally powerful, what can heaven do to me!"

After all, Yuan Yutang was well-informed, and soon got used to Lin Er's disgusting, rotten body, and looked at the mighty Lin Er in a speechless manner.

Why is the sight so familiar?

Isn't this the famous scene of killing rich second generations in previous lives?

So having a good father is awesome?

Too lazy to complain, Yuan Yutang turned to Baiyun and asked, "Little monk, what is a ghost among people?"

Bai Yun kindly proclaimed the Buddha's name, and explained softly, "Humans are the end of ghosts, and ghosts are the beginning of humans. This is the law of yin and yang, but there are always exceptions to everything. There is a very special kind of ghost in the world. Ghosts, and possess an immortal body, hence the name: ghost body."

"The ghost body has no soul and soul, and it is extremely difficult to form. Once it is formed, it will not fall into reincarnation and enter the six realms. It is a natural container for the soul body. Therefore, evil demons with evil intentions use the characteristics of the ghost body to invent an effective method. A taboo spell that violates heaven and harmony—the forbidden art of returning yang.”

"The principle is very simple. Use the secret method to penetrate the ghost body with the soul of the new death, and you can take away the body of the ghost body and achieve the effect of returning the sun. However, stealing the soul of the ghost body is not a resurrection in the true sense, but a resurrection." Existing in a special way that is neither human nor ghost, this is a ghost among humans."

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang called out to be an expert.

No wonder Lin Er was able to come back from the dead strangely, it turned out to be such a reason.

There are tens of thousands of spells in the world, and all roads are different. It's really insightful to be able to play like this!

Bai Yun paused, with a rare sarcasm on his face, and sneered, "But how can the law of yin and yang be controlled by humans? The 'Returning Yang Forbidden Technique' seems to be invulnerable, but all those who dare to get involved in the past and present, without exception, have been punished." Backlash, and finally ended up dead without a whole body!"

Yuan Yutang nodded in agreement and said, "That's right, immortality is the ultimate pursuit of many emperors. If this technique can really achieve immortality, how can there be any ironclad history of dynasty iterations?"

Sucking his teeth, Yuan Yutang pointed at Lin Er with a pained expression and said, "If it were me who changed into such an inhuman appearance for the sake of resurrection, facing that disgusting body every day, I would rather Die!"

"By the way, little monk, do you know that scoop 'People lack respect'?"

"Amitabha, I have never heard of it."

"Oh, that's all right."


"enough!"

Originally wanting to show off that he has a super-skilled father, he blew himself up, but he was forced to pretend not to, and instead was judged by Yuan Yutang and his wife. Lin Er immediately couldn't stand the anger, and roared:

"Dare to despise the 'human lack of respect', you don't take the Red Lotus Holy Sect seriously!"

"Uncle Shi, Bone Girl, kill them!"

Zhong Lihan walked slowly with a big iron sword on his shoulders, and said with a smile, "Haha, is my nephew enough to play so soon? That's fine, then let the Sajia send your enemy on the road."

After getting the order, the female devil suddenly gave an order to all the skeleton ghosts under her command, "Bone Slave, go!"

As soon as the words fell, countless skeleton ghosts rioted in an instant, rushing forward with ferocious screams.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang and the two fell into a desperate situation besieged on all sides.

"Hahaha, I haven't been active for two months, so it's time to have a good time, little monk, be careful yourself!"

Yuan Yutang was happy and fearless, took a deep breath, and the mighty mana circulated around his body, his aura suddenly rose, and there were raging winds around him, and the water vapor in the void condensed into rain, gradually drifting down.

The wind has no form, the rain has no form, and the wind and rain are intertwined, which is called "calling the wind and calling the rain"!

After saying that, Yuan Yutang ran away like a tiger down the mountain.

Baiyun murmured a Buddha's name in a low voice, and the majestic and treasured figure was furious in vain, like a glaring Vajra who subdues demons, his small body glowed with majesty, and in the sacred and inviolable Buddha's light, a majestic and majestic Dharma figure stood up, swallowing thousands of miles!

"Wind Wall!"

Yuan Yutang yelled, and saw that the wind around him formed invisible thick walls like life, sheltering him in the middle, and immediately broke into the raging skeleton ghost without restraint.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

As soon as the two parties came into contact, there was a rapid and muffled sound like firecrackers, and then like a huge wave, the wind blew wildly, and countless white bones were thrown into the air. , A vacuum zone was dug out in an instant, and no skeleton ghost could block it in the slightest.

Compared with Yuan Yutang who charged wantonly like a prehistoric behemoth, Baiyun's exertion is no less powerful.

Yuan Yutang focuses on the way of killing and attacking, while the benevolent Baiyun focuses on the town!

"Nan Wu... Kasaya Ye Lianhua!"

The sound of the compassionate Buddha's name full of great ambitions sounded like the first ray of light breaking through the dark dawn. The huge Dharma figure standing behind him opened his arms, and the overwhelming Buddha's light swayed every inch of space.

The violent and violent skeleton ghost was illuminated by the Buddha's light, and immediately froze in place, staring up at the huge dharma figure in amazement, two lines of tears slowly shed from the empty eye sockets.

The peaceful Buddha light enveloped the skeleton ghosts, and the hideous and terrifying skeletons slowly changed, and soon became ordinary people with flesh and blood, and their faces were no longer violent and manic as before. They bowed and bowed to Baoxiang's solemn white cloud, and finally disappeared like flying ash.

The Bone Girl howled miserably and rolled all over the ground, her body was stained with a lot of Buddha's light, the flesh on her body burned rapidly, and soon exposed the real body of the bones filled with countless inscriptions.

The compassionate and peaceful Buddha's light seems to be naturally restrained against the evil spirit-filled Bone Girl and Skeleton Ghost, and has no power to fight back at all.

Yuan Yutang was in the middle of fighting, when suddenly his eyes were blank, and when he looked carefully, there was no skeleton ghost around.

There were so many skeleton ghosts on the scene that Bai Yun's move unexpectedly completely eliminated them.

A Buddhist eminent monk in the mage realm, so terrifying!

"Hehe, are you an eminent mage? It seems that Sajia's 'Eyeless Martial Lord' really has no eyes, and he missed it again." Zhong Lihan strolled towards the soft Buddha light that filled the sky, teasing his mouth, but his expression was rare dignified.

He also instinctively sensed the difficulties between Yuan Yutang and the others.

Lin Ergao sat on the head of the strange beast, his ferocious and distorted face was full of hatred, half leaned forward and roared angrily, "Uncle Shi, you are one of the red lotus 'four lacking laymen' who are as famous as my father, don't fall down!" Gave me the great reputation of the Red Lotus Sect!"

"Hehe, big nephew, don't use the violent method of Sajia, it's not easy to use~" Zhong Lihan replied sarcastically, and immediately concentrated his energy, his aura was at full strength, the exuberant qi and blood in his body surged, and he actually let out a clear and audible cry The sound of bang bang is like the tide of Qiantang hitting the shore. It is hard to imagine that a mortal body has such a powerful blood.

"The appetizer is out, and it's time for us to have fun."

In front of Zhongli Han's sword forehead, just standing there, there was an illusion of thousands of troops gathered together, and the boundless killing momentum was like a landslide and tsunami.

Yuan Yutang didn't forget the revenge of the sneak attack just now, how could he bear it, he flew out immediately, and a ball-sized 'storm and rain' condensed in his hand, smashed towards Zhonglihan like a shooting star across the sky.

"Shameless thief, die for me!"

Zhong Lihan remained unmoved, until the 'Wind and Rain' was less than an inch away from him, when a flash of sword light soared to the sky.

choke!

The light appeared and the sound sounded, and the originally menacing 'storm and rain' suddenly suffocated, and then slowly split into two, dissipating on the spot.

Zhong Lihan actually split Yuan Yutang's strongest move except 'calling the wind and calling the rain' with his sword. Could this be the true strength of the legendary martial arts master?

A fierce battle is inevitable!


		