

The wind and snow are howling outside, and the inside of the gourd mouth is as warm as spring.

Yuan Yutang was still sleepy after a simple dinner, so he sat around the bonfire with everyone in the caravan to keep warm.

There were about thirteen people in the entire caravan, except for Chen Lang and his daughter, they were all sturdy and strong men.

Seven thick felt tents were set up in the camp area, four of which were used as temporary shelters and three were used to store goods.

In order not to arouse suspicion, Yuan Yutang stayed away from the tents where the goods were stored, but when he passed by, he caught a glimpse of a folding wooden ladder in one of the tents, and he didn't know what it was for.

The Northeast Road is close to the bitter cold outside the Great Wall, so most of the men who grew up in the company have a heroic style.

After eating and drinking enough, a group of men who had nowhere to vent their energy sang heartily.

The loud and clear ballads reverberate, the fire is burning and the accompaniment is crackling, and the exotic atmosphere is pervasive. Yuan Yutang inexplicably has an unreal illusion, as if the thrilling experience in Huapi Ghost Town is just a dream.

"Young Master Yuan, what are you staring at in a daze?"

In a daze, a crisp voice like a yellow warbler suddenly sounded in his ears.

When Yuan Yutang came back to his senses, he saw a charming dimpled face looking at him with a smile.

"It's nothing, just distracted." Yuan Yutang replied with a chuckle.

Linglong hugged her knees with her hands, her pretty face rested on her arms, she tilted her head innocently and smiled innocently, "Mr. Yuan, I heard from my father that there is a lake of one color in Shaozhou. At sunset, the sky and water are the same color. It is so beautiful. Have you been there?"

Yuan Yutang shook his head with a wry smile, and made up a lie without leaking anything, "I'm ashamed to say that my family education is very strict, and I study poetry and books all day long before going to school. The beautiful scenery on a good day has to be known by the young lady, and this trip to survive the catastrophe will definitely make up for the shortcomings of those years, and travel to all the scenic spots in Shaozhou, and then I will introduce it to the young lady when I have a chance."

Linglong covered her mouth and smiled coquettishly, her almond eyes formed two rounds of crescent moons, as soft and charming as autumn water, "Hehe, I can't tell that Mr. Yuan is still a nerd."

The two were chatting one after another, when suddenly a rough-looking young man came over, looked at Yuan Yutang provocatively and said, "Young Master Yuan, we are destined to meet tonight, we should have had a few drinks to celebrate, but drinking alcohol is strictly prohibited during the business trip , just as the moon is dark and the wind is high, how about I tell you a story beyond the Great Wall to cheer you up?"

Linglong puffed up her small face and glared at the young man displeased, as if annoyed that he interrupted their conversation.

Yuan Yutang was slightly taken aback, and after a moment of thought, he was relieved.

In this situation, it is clear that the rough young man didn't like him being too close to Linglong, so he came to provoke him.

Following this line of thought, the stories that the reckless young man will tell later are probably horror stories, so as to scare himself and make him look ugly.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but feel amused, and sighed deeply that the ancients were still simple and simple, unlike the new generation who had been tortured in the previous life, full of bullshit and filth.

It's just a so-called horror story, can it really scare Yuan Yutang who has just experienced the fierce battle in Huapi Ghost Town?

"So, thank you, brother." Yuan Yutang clasped his fists lightly and said.

A smirk of success flashed in the eyes of the rough young man, he purposely sat between Yuan Yutang and Linglong, stoked the bonfire a few times, cleared his throat and began to tell the story:

In the early years of Taikang, when the new emperor came to the throne, the wolf tribe in Saibei rebelled, causing the frontier army to throw away the city and abandon the land. Wherever they passed, there was no grass growing, and the fertile black soil for nearly a thousand miles was almost white.

There is a five-year-old boy named Lin Er. His father disappeared when he was young, and he fled into the mountains with his mother to survive.

Ten years later, Lin Er grew up, and this year's winter was frozen for thousands of miles, and the food in the family was exhausted, and the mother and son did not have enough food for three days.

Lin Er had raised a hound since he was a child, called Hei'er, who understands human nature and can speak. At this time, he proposed:

"Little master, there is a large lake thirty miles west of the mountain, named Jagar. The lake is rich in aquatic products. Fat fish abounds everywhere, and it is very easy to catch. Why don't you try it?"

Lin Er was startled when he heard the words, "Why didn't you tell us before that such a land of fish and rice?"

Hei'er replied, "If you don't want to, you really can't. The little master doesn't know that although there are many fat fish in the lake, there is a water monster living there, with a ferocious temperament. Due to helplessness, I dare not put my master in danger."

Lin Er was indecisive after hearing this, and then remembered that his mother was so hungry that he finally gritted his teeth and decided to make a run for it.

Hei'er took Lin Er to the shore of Jagar Lake before dusk.

Lin Er was pleasantly surprised to find that although the surface of the lake was frozen, there were many shadows of fish under the ice, each of which was extremely plump, and he even had to dig into the ice for fishing and hunting.

Unexpectedly, Hei'er stopped him suddenly, "Little master, this trip is full of dangers. Before fishing and hunting, you need to agree to a condition, otherwise I will take you away if I die."

Seeing that Hei'er spoke solemnly, Lin Er said seriously, "But it's okay to say."

Hei'er said, "The water monsters in the lake come out at night, we have to leave before dark, now the time left for the little master to fish and hunt is only two sticks of incense, if we don't leave after dark, we may be in danger of life, please little master Remember!"

As soon as the food was saved, Lin Er immediately agreed.

Seeing this, Hei'er stepped aside to be vigilant.

Rolling up his sleeves, Lin Er started digging ice for fishing and hunting.

The fat fish in the lake were so stupid that they threw themselves into the net without any effort. After two sticks of incense passed, Lin Er had hunted a full dozen catties of fat fish, which was enough for the Lin family's mother and son to eat for two days.

Seeing that the sky was going to be completely dark soon, Hei'er anxiously bit Lin Er's trousers and said, "Little master, don't be greedy, the water monster will come out to eat people in the dark!"

Life-saving rations were readily available, so Lin Er was not willing to give up, kicked away the noisy Hei'er, and continued to work hard, wishing to catch all the fat fish that were full of the lake ashore.

Hei'er sobbed and fell to the side in pain, full of grievances.

As the sun fell to the west mountain, Lin Er heard a loud bang.

Not far away, a thick ice cracked, and a black figure suddenly jumped out of the gap, running straight towards Lin Er.

With the help of the dim light around him, Lin Er could clearly see the true face of the shadow.

It was a terrifying water monster nearly ten feet tall, covered in red scales, with a fish head and a human body.

Seeing it suddenly, Lin Er and Hei'er were so frightened that their souls froze, they screamed, and even the fat fish on the bank didn't care to deal with it, turned around and ran away.

The thick snow on the shore makes it difficult for humans and animals to walk. Unexpectedly, the water monster can walk on the snow like flying without a trace.

Soon the water monster was within a few feet of the two of them. Lin Er was tall and long-legged, and Hei'er was not so fast. Seeing that he was being overtaken by the water monster immediately, he turned fierce and bit Lin Er's hind leg viciously. .

Lin Er was startled in pain and said, "Hei'er, the water monster is behind, you didn't run for your life but bit me instead, why?"

Hei'er's eyes showed a fierce look, and he gnawed and said, "The reason why you ended up in this situation is all because of your greed, and you should bear the consequences!"

Lin Er was pained and angry, facing the crisis of life and death, he took out his dagger and fought with Hei'er regardless of the old friendship.

In a hurry, Lin Eryi stabbed Hei'er's chest with a dagger, Hei'er was startled and let go of his mouth, blood gushing out like a fountain.

After getting rid of Hei'er, Lin Er thought that the water monster would stop eating the dog's carcass, but unexpectedly, the water monster ignored Hei'er's body and continued to pursue him.

After chasing Lin Er all the way back home, Lin's mother heard the movement and sacrificed herself to delay the water monster, so that Lin Er could save her life...


		