

Yuan Yutang was alone when he went out, but there were two when he came back.

Alas, sometimes it's hard for a woman to be shameless.

Especially people with mild social terror like Yuan Yutang.

The female thief cried and said that she had to be a slave to repay her life-saving grace. Yuan Yutang said that he couldn't communicate at all, so he could only hold his nose and take her back temporarily before making plans.

You can't keep entangled at the scene of the murder.

When we returned to the inn, it was already daylight, and many guests were getting up one after another.

They knew more or less about the big movement last night, so the way they looked at Yuan Yutang was somewhat weird.

Among them, Namurtai, who was leaning on the threshold with a smirk on his face, was the most exaggerated. He opened his mouth and joked, "Hey, isn't this our drama? Everyone is back. Did you play well last night?"

Yuan Yutang rolled his eyes at him angrily, and walked into the room with the low-browed female thief.

Too lazy to talk to this moody guy.

Behind Yuan Yutang's invisible back, Naimer Tairuo gave the female thief a meaningful look, which only shocked the little girl.

Just downstairs, he ordered the store to open an extra guest room, but the female thief refused to agree, saying that the maid should always be ready to serve the master, and how could they live separately.

Yuan Yutang didn't sleep all night, and Yuan Yutang, who was seriously injured, couldn't bear it anymore, so he had to pay two big money to let the shop assistant move another bed to the room, and wait for him to wake up.

After entering the room, the broken windows have been repaired, and the messy room has been cleaned up.

Yuan Yutang went straight to the bed, he didn't bother to ask about the specific situation of the female thief, and fell asleep as soon as his butt touched the bed, before he finished telling the female thief who was looking around curiously in the room:

"When you're hungry, go downstairs to find something to eat. If you're sleepy, go to bed. If the sky isn't falling, don't wake me up..."

Before the words fell, a slight snoring sounded.

After confirming that Yuan Yutang was asleep, the female thief walked lightly to the bedside, squatted down and supported her chin with her palms, staring at Yuan Yutang's sleeping profile with brilliant eyes, not knowing what she was thinking.


In a daze, Yuan Yutang seemed to have returned to the sea of ​​consciousness space.

Seeing the thrilling scene where the giant fish disc was contending with the two great gods in the distance, he couldn't help being startled, for fear that the giant fish would come to trouble him again.

Fortunately, the giant fish didn't notice him this time, and he breathed a sigh of relief after observing for a while.

Looking at the glorious ancient book of the Supreme God, he couldn't help feeling sad.

When will this day end?

Gu Shu was busy suppressing the giant fish primordial spirit, so he had no time to pay attention to his unlucky host, and he didn't even have time to bestow the promised new supernatural powers.

If this thing keeps making trouble for ten or eight years, won't he be stagnant all the time?

We have to find a way to help Gushu completely suppress the rebellious giant fish soul.

After thinking hard for a long time, he soon gave up this unrealistic fantasy.

With his current realm and knowledge, how can He De talk about suppressing the supernatural giant fish?

Dele, I can only see walking.

After tidying up his depressed mood, Yuan Yutang suddenly became worried again.

How should I exit this damn sea of ​​consciousness space?

You don't have to wait until you are targeted by the giant fish before the ancient book will send you out, right?

Fortunately, he didn't have to worry about it for a long time, and suddenly the surrounding scene was distorted.

When he came back to his senses, he found that he had returned to reality.

But as soon as he opened his eyes, he found

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

There was a pretty face with a smile like a flower, and he jumped up from the bed in fright.

"Fuck, what do you want?"

The female thief said with a smile, "Master, it's already dark, and this servant is worried about your starvation, and is still thinking about whether to wake you up."

I don't want the female thief to enter the role quite quickly, even the slaves claim to be on it.

Yuan Yutang looked at the female thief in surprise and remained silent.

To be honest, he was somewhat uncertain about the female thief.

If it is said that she wants to repay her kindness and serve as a slave, there are indeed many such examples in the world of Liaozhai.

But after traveling to this world and seeing so many sinister hearts, Yuan Yutang certainly wouldn't naively think that there are many lovers everywhere.

But if you want to say how bad the female thief is, it seems that it is not enough, at least it has not been exposed for the time being.

In addition, he was used to wandering alone, and suddenly there was a pretty maid, which made him feel very uncomfortable.

So he was very worried about how to deal with the female thief.

Just when he was about to make up his mind to speak up and refuse to take in the female thief.

The female thief seemed to suddenly remember something, and said softly, "Oh, look at this servant's memory, I almost forgot that Wu Butou was still downstairs waiting for the young master to get up."

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, and asked suspiciously, "Captain Wu? Why is he looking for me?"

The female thief said crisply, "I don't know, but he has come here several times during the day, and his face seems to be very anxious, as if there is something urgent, but the young master has not woken up, so the slave will not let him disturb, this is not the evening Come here and wait until now."

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang knew that there must be something wrong with their capture of the murderer, otherwise he wouldn't have come to disturb him in such a hurry.

Immediately got up and put on clothes.

The female thief obediently waited on Yuan Yutang to get dressed.

Immediately, the two hurried downstairs.

At a glance, I saw Wu Basan sitting on the table closest to the stairs, fidgeting, just looking up the stairs.

"My lord has woken up!"

Wu Basan was overjoyed when he saw Yuan Yutang going downstairs, and hurriedly got up to greet him.

Yuan Yutang went straight to the point and said, "Butou Wu is so eager to find me, but what happened when the murderer was caught?"

Wu Basan gave a wry smile when he heard the words, and then explained the ins and outs of the matter:

Food, clothing, shelter, transportation, birth, old age, sickness and death.

These eight major industries are the most important events in life, and no one can live without them.

It should be said that although Mingqi Shop is closely related to people, people will subconsciously avoid taboos based on the fear of death.

Therefore, the shops of the underworld in the city are generally opened in remote places in the city, which is convenient for officials to recruit people.

The six-door professional police acted very vigorously, and quickly locked down eight ghost shop shops from the police who were familiar with the layout of the city, and spread their nets to start rounding them up.

The first seven dark weapon shops quickly ruled out the suspects, and at this moment Wu Basan realized that the murderer he was looking for was definitely the last one.

It's just that when he led people to Xu Ji Baishi Shop located in the northernmost corner of the city, he suddenly found something was wrong.

Although Mingqi shops are usually opened in remote places in order not to attract people's suspicion, Xu Ji Baishi shop happened to be opened in the streets and alleys.

But it happened to be around noon at that time, there was no sound at all, no pedestrians were seen on the street, and even the officers and soldiers assigned to control were missing.

Wu Basan, who is extremely sensitive to danger, immediately realized that something had happened.

Immediately signaled his subordinates to be more vigilant, and then took the lead, walking in a hurry

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Walk into the dark and deep alley.

As soon as he entered the alley, Wu Basan felt as if the sun had disappeared, and a strange white mist floated around him inexplicably, and the temperature dropped rapidly, making him feel a chill rushing from his feet to the sky.

Knowing that something was wrong, he immediately drew out the steel knife and concentrated his energy on guarding against any disturbance.

Having dealt with vicious criminals for many years, he immediately understood that the strange situation in front of him was clearly a demonstration method deliberately created by the murderer to open the door to welcome guests.

Thinking of this, Wu Basan suddenly felt angry.

How dare you!

Knowing that the matter was brought to light, he did not run away, but stayed on purpose to play tricks on officials.

This person is not only vicious, but also extremely arrogant!

Holding back his anger, Wu Basan speeded up, impatient to chop off that madman's head!


The alley was not deep, so it didn't take long for Wu Basan to come to a house with white lanterns hanging from the eaves and couplets in black and white on a white background pasted at the door.

Seeing the white couplets, Wu Basan knew he was looking for the right place.

In the cultural customs of the Central Plains, white generally expresses mourning and solemnity, and is not liked by the public. It is often used for funerals, so funerals are also called funerals.

Generally speaking, Baishi shops will not hang plaques aboveboard, but paste white couplets by the door.

If you see white couplets pasted on the door of any house on the street, it must be the Baishi shop.

Wu Basan remained vigilant, carefully inserted the tip of the knife into the crack of the door, and gently lifted the latch.

With the sound of a heavy object falling to the ground, the two closed firewood doors creaked and slowly opened.

At this time, his subordinate Er Langmen also rushed over, Wu Basan warned in a calm voice, "The situation is not right, be careful!"

The catchers behind and the auxiliary soldiers who came to help nodded one after another.

Taking a deep breath, Wu Basan rushed into the yard in an instant, and shouted sharply, "Brave maniac, your deeds have been exposed, if you are sensible, you should obediently catch him, or you will be killed without mercy!"

However, the narrow yard, where paste, paper bundles, bamboo strips and other materials for making funeral supplies were scattered messily, was empty except for the white mist.

The door of the tile-roofed house behind the courtyard was open, and the inside was dark, like the bloody mouth of an evil spirit.

The quieter it was, the more abnormal it was, and Wu Basan's expression became more solemn.

"You three, go in and check the situation." Wu Basan turned his head and shouted to the several auxiliary soldiers who followed.

The three auxiliary soldiers who were called pointed to their noses in astonishment and hesitated.

Just kidding, knowing that the murderer is very likely to be demonic, how can these auxiliary soldiers who bully the good and fear the evil dare to provoke them?

Wu Basan's bull's eyes widened suddenly, his murderous aura overflowing.

The three unlucky ghosts were shocked immediately, so they had no choice but to move up reluctantly.

These uncles from the capital are so fierce that they really beat them up. It is estimated that the lords who are domineering usually dare not fart one more.

After finally moving to the door of the tile house, the three unlucky ghosts looked at each other with mournful faces, closed their eyes and rushed into the house screaming, slashing wildly with their big knives in their hands.

The strange screams in the room also startled the people outside.

Wu Basan thought that the murderer had appeared, and hurriedly led people into the house.

As a result, when I went in, I only saw the three unlucky ghosts struggling to chop the air.

Anger was bursting in my heart, and I was about to yell at him.

Unexpectedly, at this time, the policeman behind him shouted in horror like he saw a ghost:

"Boss, you, there is a ghost behind you!!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		