

The so-called surviving a catastrophe must have a future blessing.

Naimertai was very lucky, and survived Situ Hongyi's carefully planned death-killing situation.

But he was unlucky again.

Because the price of surviving was the loss of the last loyal subordinate, including Toto Mobi, the general who had worked so hard to cultivate, died because of saving him.

Naimertai is a born martial arts prodigy. He was able to train his muscles and bones at the age of three, could kill tigers and leopards with his bare hands at the age of five, was promoted to a martial artist at the age of twelve, and became a master at the age of twenty. That is a full twenty-five years.

Twenty-five years is more than enough to go from being ambitious to being tortured to the point of being disheartened.

I thought this life was hopeless.

Unexpectedly, after being free of worries, he realized his great enlightenment, and naturally broke through the bottleneck, and thus truly promoted to the martial master level that all warriors in the world, including himself, dreamed of.

Breaking through from the master state to the grand master state represents a miraculous leap forward in life. He should meditate quietly, realize the mysteries of instinct, and stabilize his cultivation base.

But when he thought of his once prominent position, his loyal subordinates, the pain of defeating the mortal world, and the two enemies who brought him the greatest shame since his birth were still alive, he was extremely angry.

I was so angry that I couldn't calm down to cultivate.

The most important thing for a warrior is to point directly to the heart and have a broad mind.

Killing intent together, how can we hold back?

That being the case, then simply kill one of the enemies, Situ Hongyi first, and then find Yuan Yutang and light the sky lantern. If the mind is clear, the realm will naturally be stable.

Once a decision is made, he immediately executes it vigorously and resolutely.

A half-bad guy like 'Dig Bu Tong' can use tricks to break through walls, let alone a martial arts master who is as good as an immortal?

Naimertai could no longer be trapped in the dangerous rainforest. He instinctively sensed the clues left by Situ Hongyi and the four who broke through the wall, and he soon gained something.

Follow the clues, break through the barriers simply and roughly, and go straight to the suspended attic in the core area of ​​the secret realm.

When he entered the suspended attic murderously, he found that there was no one in the hall.

The three bronze doors were all opened, and without even thinking about it, it was certain that the four of Situ Hongyi had divided up into the "three groups" and entered the door separately.

At this time, Naimertai was no longer obsessed with the great opportunity in the hanging attic, and all he wanted was to kill Situ Hongyi first, and then Yuan Yutang, letting out the bad breath that squeezed his heart.

A real master of the martial arts family should have no worse chance than some shit.

Standing in front of the bronze gate that looked like a fork in the road, Naimertai freed his mind to sense the enemy's position.

The master's mysterious instinct told him that his most hated enemy was inside the bronze door in the middle.

"Hehe, Situ Hongyi, grandpa is looking for you!"

With a smirk and muttering to himself, Naimertai jumped into the bronze door.


Is there a clear line between good and evil?

This question has troubled countless sages and sages no matter in past or present life, ancient or modern, Chinese and foreign, and they have never been able to find an answer that is convincing to all of them throughout their lives.

Some people say that human nature is inherently good, and doing evil is due to ineffective education.

Some people say that human nature is inherently evil and needs to be bound by harsh laws.

Each has its own position, each has its own philosophy, so the two schools of thought have not been able to convince each other until now.

If Yuan Yutang had to answer this question, he wouldn't be able to tell why.

But today, he had to make a difficult choice.

What is good and what is evil?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)


After entering the bronze gate engraved with the word "good and evil", he entered the half-dream and half-awake state again just like when he first encountered Zhuge Tianji.

It was as if the soul had come out of the body, and then it was like watching a movie, and saw the strange picture again.

At the back of the screen, a middle-aged doctor with a medicine box on his back is collecting medicine alone in the mountains.

The primitive desolation visible to the naked eye in the remote mountains, with dense vegetation, towering trees, and rampant beasts, snakes and insects, is like a restricted area for living people.

Even though dangers loomed large and life was threatened at all times, the middle-aged medical doctor, who was an ordinary person, still did not back down and went through untold hardships in order to just trample on a precious herb growing on the edge of the cliff.

Don't get me wrong, the middle-aged doctor didn't take the risk to please the rich and powerful, but to treat a destitute single mother for free.

The five characters of the doctor's parents' heart are vividly reflected in him.

Since becoming a doctor, he has treated patients equally, and he will not belittle him because of poverty, nor will he bow down because of power.

If necessary, he is even willing to suck the sores of the dirty and smelly beggars on the roadside.

Healing the wounded and saving lives is extremely sacred in his eyes, as long as there is still a glimmer of hope, he will never give up on any patient.

Therefore, as a benevolent doctor, he has successfully become a well-known doctor of his generation.

The selfless brilliance of human nature is fully reflected in him.

However, on a certain day, for the first time, his faith was shaken.

It was an ordinary morning, and he set up a free clinic stand as usual to help the poor see a doctor and give medicine for free.

Just before noon, a pale young man broke his peaceful life.

Strange to say, before the young man came, the sky was clear and sunny.

But as soon as the young man came, there were immediately dark clouds and thunder, as if the sky was about to collapse.

With many years of medical experience, the middle-aged doctor can tell at a glance that the young man is suffering from a fatal and acute illness. If he does not rescue him in time, his life may be in danger.

But before he could speak, he fell into a hallucination in a trance.

In a burning city, the sound of killing is loud, and there are blood-dripping sharp knives everywhere, burly men running wildly, killing and setting fire, burning, killing and looting, etc. All the worst things in the world are everywhere, and innocent people howl He fell under the butcher's knife, and turned into an unyielding soul, wandering over the city and mourning.

A thin figure stood on a pile of corpses that was almost piled up like a mountain, and countless vicious men who cut their heads and ears were staring at the man frantically, as if he gave an order and would go through fire and water for him.

With the help of the uncertain light and shade of the fire, the middle-aged doctor discovered it in horror.

The person standing on the mountain of corpses is actually the young man I saw just now!

The fierce young man slowly pulled out the sword from his waist, and pointed at another brightly lit city. The tigers and wolves below rushed like a torrent, wanting to replicate the killing and destruction to that quiet city. A peaceful city.

The hallucination ended here. The middle-aged doctor woke up like a dream, and his underwear was wet with cold sweat.

The young man in front of him still looked harmless and sick, and he couldn't see the evil spirit seen in the hallucination at all.

The middle-aged doctor was like a fish thrown ashore, looking at the young man in front of him gasping for breath in surprise, his heart was in a difficult torment.

If the hallucination just now was a real scene in the future, if I saved him, wouldn't I become an accomplice to the evil?

But if he was just daydreaming, if he gave up on treating him, wouldn't it be tantamount to dying?

What should I do?

The middle-aged doctor was also at a loss when encountering such a bizarre situation for the first time.

After hesitating for a long time, still

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The persevering doctor had a conscience, he struggled to suppress the throbbing in his heart, and chose to treat young people.

In the days that followed, he would have nightmares every night, dreaming of countless bloodied ghosts standing at the head of the bed, asking himself in grief and indignation why he wanted to save a heinous butcher?

Since then, middle-aged doctors and doctors have been in constant fear, looking forward to something and fearing something every day.

It wasn't until a few years later that the middle-aged doctor saw on the wanted list posted by the yamen that there were rebels in the south, and seven cities were slaughtered in a row.

He finally broke down.


The screen ends here.

Yuan Yutang fell into deep thought like a computer crashed.

A voice-over sounded in his mind somewhere:

"Adhering to the stubborn principles of stupid doctors, ignoring God's warning, and treating a future evil who should not be treated, such medical scum, is it good or evil, should it be killed or not?"

Before Yuan Yutang could answer, a new picture reappeared:

In a poor mountain village, there was a young rogue who was domineering.

Bullying men and women, stealing chickens and dogs, fish and meat the common people, he has done all kinds of evil things such as head sores and soles bleeding pus.

In just a few years, seven innocent families were torn apart because of him, and eight living people were killed by his own hands.

No one thought that this bully who was destined to die badly in the future would actually become a great national hero who defended his family and country on the battlefield and bravely killed the enemy in the future.

Seeing this, the voice-over sounded at the right time:

"Indulging in selfishness has its disadvantages, but his prodigal son turned around, made great contributions to the country, and a generation of national heroes who are virtuous to the people. Such a character, whether he is good or evil, should be killed or not?"

As soon as the words fell, a new picture emerged again:

A small foreign country that is completely different from Da Xia is full of wars.

The royal family in power is extremely corrupt. They searched for social wealth internally, oppressed the people at the bottom, and treated the people like pigs and dogs. They indulged in foreign invasions and allowed the enemy to slaughter civilians.

In such dire straits, the unbearable civilians will eventually erupt a wave of uprising, which is bound to change the day and completely overthrow the rule of the decadent royal family.

A single spark can start a prairie fire, and when the uprising army has become a general trend, it will sweep across the country like a torrent of humanity, invincible.

Seeing that the uprising is about to win the final victory, the variables are reborn.

A well-known hero happened to travel through the country and saw the people living in dire straits and corpses everywhere. After crying all night on the mass grave, he determined to end the troubled times and restore the country to a bright future.

Although the royal family's rotten army lost to the rebel army, the royal family has five senior warlocks.

Those five sorcerers are extremely knowledgeable, and with them in command, it is impossible for the rebel army without extraordinary combat power to completely overthrow the royal family rule. At most, the world will be divided equally. Dawn of peace.

After careful consideration, in order to quell the war as soon as possible, Daxia finally made a painful and difficult decision.

He wants to join the royal family and suppress the rebel army!

After the hero's unremitting efforts, a year later, almost all the leaders of the rebel army were assassinated by him from top to bottom.

The rebel army without a leader was leaderless, and the royal family seized the opportunity to launch a counterattack. They killed a river of blood and heads, and slaughtered the rebel army with great difficulty.

At this time, the voice-over sounded again:

"Taking the common heart as one's own heart, sacrificing the ego to achieve the overall situation, and relying on one's own strength to resolve the chaotic world of a country, this move moves the heavens and the earth, and it can be called the living Buddha of all families. Such a great man, whether he is good or evil, should not be killed. What should I say?"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		