

The scorching sun was in the sky, and the venomous light scorched the air so much that it twisted and rippled.

In the vast yellow sand, there is a lonely figure advancing.

"Ho, ho..."

Yuan Yutang feels that every breath is a painful torture.

The temperature in Siye was frighteningly high, and the billowing heat wave was surging like a tide. Every breath was like inhaling a flame, which made the lungs shiver.

A thin layer of white powder had condensed on the clothes, which was dry and astringent. It was the salt spots left by the evaporation of sweat.

The sudden loss of stamina caused sluggish movement, and serious blurred and distorted vision.

It is not an exaggeration to say that he is almost exhausted.

Yuan Yutang didn't know how long he was going to go, nor where he was going. He only supported his heavy body with tenacious will, and trudged mechanically and numbly.

He didn't dare to stop, because once he stopped, he couldn't stand up again.

After an unknown amount of time, a touch of green seemed to appear on the edge of the shaky vision.

Yuan Yutang's spirit was shaken, and he instantly woke up from his stupor.

Putting up a pergola with your hands, staring at it.

In the next moment, Yuan Yutang was suddenly elated.

That turned out to be a cactus?

The cactus is known as the sweet spring in the desert, with strong water storage capacity and drought tolerance, and the fleshy stems are rich in juice.

There are many episodes where the main character lost in the desert saves himself by cactus in previous earth film and television dramas.

Finding a cactus represents the hope of life!

Rekindling hope, Yuan Yutang exhausted his last strength, stepped on the hot yellow sand, and rushed towards the few cacti standing alone in the desert.

When he got close, he didn't care about the sharp thorn pricking the palm of his hand dripping with blood, he tried his best to break off a piece of fleshy stem, hurriedly removed the sharp thorn and stuffed it into his mouth.

Teeth bite through the rough outer skin, and a rich sweetness spreads in the mouth in an instant.

The long-salted tongue is like nectar after a long drought, greedily and frantically absorbing every drop of juice, and the cells in the whole body seem to boil in an instant.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang burst into tears with excitement.

Tasting the sweetness, he ate it with red eyes.

After eating all the fleshy stems of a seven-foot-high, wide and fat cactus, he was willing to stop.

"Uh~"

After belching comfortably, Yuan Yutang lay down and panted under the sparse shadow of the cactus.

finally

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Come alive.

Feeling that his physical strength was slowly recovering, Yuan Yutang's hesitant heart finally stabilized somewhat.

After resting for a stick of incense, even if he didn't want to, he could only get up.

No matter how beautiful the short-term stability is, it is not the end after all.

If he doesn't want to bury his bones in the vast yellow sand, he must move on.

After dealing with the bloody palms, Yuan Yutang carefully broke off all the fleshy stems of the remaining cactus, packed them up and carried them in the dusty Xuan-level cassock.

Whether you can find water depends on these fleshy stems that can both quench your thirst and fill your stomach.

Resisting the urge to lie flat, Yuan Yutang resolutely continued to set off.


On the other side, after Situ Hongyi and Naimertai joined together, the huge team of nearly a hundred people walked through the thick fog of ashes like walking on thin ice like mice crossing the street.

The mountain-moving Taoist who is proficient in the mysteries of gossip, "Dig Butong", holds a compass as a guide to guide the direction.

Even though everyone had been extremely careful, they bumped into small groups of wandering faceless monsters several times along the way.

Then how did they resolve the difficulties?

Without him, Gecko Duanweier.

The faceless monster is difficult to deal with, and easy to deal with.

Because these things have no mind, they only rely on instinct to attack living things.

In the eyes of heroes such as Situ Hongyi and Naimertai, this is very simple.

When you encounter a faceless monster, just push cannon fodder to die.

Isn't the reason why they shelter so many people is to have enough cannon fodder at the critical moment?

If the cannon fodder is unwilling to die?

That's easy too.

Just break off the limbs and throw it out.

As long as they smell blood, those faceless monsters will rush like wild dogs.

After the bang, everyone was temporarily safe.

As for whether doing so will chill the hearts of the rest of the cannon fodder and cause troubles?

Haha, I can only say that I think too much.

But all the people who can live up to now, no matter if they are werewolves or Xia people, one counts as the other, they are all smart people who are ruthless and cold-natured.

Smart people are called smart people because they judge the situation.

What does the fate of a companion matter? Who doesn't understand the simple truth that dead fellows don't die?

As long as they don't send them to die

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, they won't have any comments.

As for whether he will follow in the footsteps of being cannon fodder after everyone else is dead?

Forget about him, let's talk about the future, the most important thing is to live now!

In this way, most of the day was passed "without any danger", when the guide ahead "couldn't dig through", suddenly lowered his voice in surprise and shouted:

"Found it, right in front!"

Everyone was shocked when they heard the words, and looked in the direction pointed by 'Dig Bu Tong'.

I saw the entrance of a valley appearing in the thick smoke of Yingying Zhuozhuo, the inside was pitch black, and the mouth of a prehistoric giant beast looked daunting.

Situ Hongyi and Naimurtai came out more and more, and came to the side of 'Dug Butong' who was beaming with joy.

Looking at the dark valley, Situ Hongyi asked in a concentrated voice, "Lao Jue, where is the gate of life?"

'Dig Bu Tong' nodded excitedly, and said unquestionably, "I can't make a mistake, this is the only life gate from the Fire Territory!"

Naimertai stared at the front in silence, and suddenly said, "It's not right, my intuition tells me that there is danger inside, no less than the extreme danger of a faceless monster!"

After hearing this, Situ Hongyi couldn't help but grimace.

A warrior's intuition for danger is often more sensitive than that of animals, especially for a high-strength warrior who has reached the level of Naimertai, his intuition is already comparable to foreknowledge.

Since he said that there was extreme danger in the valley, it was by no means a threat.

Thinking of this, Situ Hongyi looked at 'Unable to Dig' with unfriendly eyes.

'Unable to dig' looked at him not to be outdone, and said indignantly, "My lord, you can insult my character, but you can't insult my knowledge! Throughout the entire evil environment, the only door to life is right in front of you. If you think I deliberately entrapped you, I can enter alone to prove my innocence!"

"Don't chill the hearts of your own people because of outsiders' accusations!"

After saying that, 'I couldn't dig through', he walked away in a hurry, striding towards the valley.

Naimertai remained expressionless the whole time, staring at the somewhat tragic and thin back of 'Dug Butong' without saying a word.

Situ Hongyi looked back and forth between Naimertai and Dubutong, and there seemed to be a cold light in his eyes.

Everyone also stood still, holding their breath and waiting for the answer to be revealed.

After 'Digging Unable' entered the valley, a stick of incense time passed without any movement.

Situ Hongyi reached the limit of his patience and was about to send someone to inquire about the news.

Suddenly, a vague figure came out of the valley.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		