

As soon as Yuan Yutang merged with the water drop, a sudden change occurred.

I saw an inexplicably surging, vast, and terrifying aura that did not belong to him emerge from his body, which was almost exactly the same as when he was in the raging sea.

Then he watched himself lose control of his body, and automatically laughed wildly:

"Hahaha, after more than three hundred years, this deity finally found the fragment of the soul, what a joy!!"

As he said that, he seemed to feel the terrifying coercion continuously coming from the sky, and looked up awe-inspiringly.

When he saw the huge clone of the Eight-faced Buddha who was trying to break through the boundary, he was slightly taken aback for a moment, and then roared furiously:

"Eight-faced Buddha, you dare to touch the dragon's veins?"

After finishing speaking, 'Yuan Yutang' punched the huge crack where the Eight-faced Buddha's avatar was located.

Boom, boom, boom~

The seemingly ordinary punch turned out to be astonishing in its power. Wherever the punch passes, the space is crushed like a mirror, which is really unimaginable.

The evil face of the Eight-faced Buddha's avatar suddenly became angry, and a huge finger like a sky's hand passed through the crack abruptly, pointing at the rolling punch from the air.

Boom~

It seemed that even the space couldn't accommodate the collision of two powerful terrifying forces in the world.

The sky was shattered, the earth was cracked, and the space boiled like a catastrophe.

"Get out of this deity's territory, or die!"

The unknown will that controlled Yuan Yutang's physical body roared in vain, surging like a stormy sea, obviously not a threat.

Faced with the threat, the Eight-faced Buddha turned a deaf ear to it, and instead stretched out another giant finger to pierce the crack, determined to break out of the trap.

Seeing this, 'Yuan Yutang' didn't talk nonsense, and quickly raised his momentum, vowing to defend his 'homeland'.

"Old man, come and help me!"

As soon as the words fell, the Nine Heavens Reincarnation Disk, whose light had already faded, seemed to be reactivated, and a piercing sound pierced through the air, bursting out with a faint blue divine light in the shape of willow catkins all over the sky.

Countless blue divine lights quickly entangled and gathered, outlining a huge dharma figure that stood upright and looked like a big fish.

'Yuan Yutang' looked at the giant fish with infinite nostalgia, and was too excited to speak.

Rumble!

In just a short moment, the crack in the air has been enlarged enough to accommodate the eight-faced Buddha clone stretching out a giant palm. A huge Buddha palm comparable to a city, carrying a terrifying aura, roared and photographed it, as if it wanted to shake the whole world. Palm crushed.

'Yuan Yutang' also woke up in time, and said angrily, "Since you are obsessed with obsession, then keep one hand!"

"Baifa Star Dome Extinction Blade!"

As soon as the words fell, 'Yuan Yutang' was wrapped in the giant fish's dharma, and then the giant fish opened its mouth wide, and an unimaginably huge translucent blade made of pure blue light instantly condensed, like a sky-shattering sword Like, the wind howled, the sky and the earth swayed, piercing the sky mightily.

The moment the giant palm came into contact with the giant blade, endless energy raged in all directions, like a giant wave submerged everything in the world.

With only his last breath left, the magic painting scholar slumped on the ground, seeing the terrifying scene like a legendary battle of gods and spirits, he burst out laughing inexplicably:

"Hahaha, so that's how it is...Old ghost, didn't the person who should be robbed that you have been searching for for many years has already appeared? Cough cough cough... You still boast that you are as resourceful as Zhuge, you really have no eyes..."

After the long laugh, the magic painting scholar's expression froze, all voices stopped completely, his eyes were wide open, and he died suddenly.

Naimertai Yamashita was drenched in blood, and was desperately rushing up the mountain at the risk of falling stones.

The battle between him and 'Du Bu Tong' was still inconclusive after all.

Those who are 'unable to dig' belong to the mouse, as soon as they smell something wrong, they immediately let Dasheng Tongzi run away with him.

You can freely shuttle between yin and yang when you give birth to a boy. If you want to go away, Naimertai, who has not recovered from his innocence, has no choice.

But it's okay to leave, if you continue to fight, in Naimertai's current state, most of them are dead but not alive.

After the 'Dig Butong' disappeared, Naimertai rushed to the mountain without stopping.

He had a premonition that once the two gods and demons in the sky were victorious, the situation in the world would usher in an unprecedented change. No matter what, he had to witness this once-in-a-lifetime moment with his own eyes.

Yuan Yutang felt like he was going crazy.

Inexplicably, he lost control of his body, and everyone would panic.

Clearly conscious, watching his body talking and moving like a bystander, this feeling is like watching an immersive vr movie.

Watching a movie is enjoyable, but when the main character is yourself, it's unbearable.

He struggled desperately, yelled, cursed, and used all available methods, but it didn't work at all.

He knew what the consciousness that snatched control of his body was.

Isn't it the strange ghost living in the water spout woman?

At that time, his life was hanging by a thread, and the Bright Cross appeared in danger, sealing the strange ghost in his body.

In fact, he felt something was wrong afterwards, but the opening of the secret realm of the Tianmen Attic was about to be opened, and he couldn't understand the spell of exorcising ghosts, so he could only hold back for the time being.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

In the end, I didn't expect that such a class would have a deep root of disaster, which led to my body being taken away. I really regret it.


The last round was tied.

The two top-level beings who are detached from the world immediately launched a new round of confrontation.

"Well~"

The gigantic giant fish made an earth-shattering low chest cry, and shook its body, shaking the surrounding space to pieces. With the momentum of wind and thunder, it swung straight up and hit the giant palm that came back from the sky.

The giant palm is really huge, the huge gravitational acceleration causes the air to rub violently, and the whole giant palm is like a burning star falling from the nine heavens, slapping down unstoppably.

Different from the tentative fight in the first round, this time it was obvious that both sides wanted to finish their battles and completely suppress each other, so they broke out with all their strength.

Boom~

In an instant, the sky and the earth were shaken, the wind was violent, and the situation was disillusioned.

"Eight-faced Buddha, if you are willing to give up, this deity will be fine!"

The dharma form of the giant fish is like a fish in water, soaring through the void, seemingly unharmed, but in fact, there are hidden signs of instability in the faint blue light beams that make up the main body of the dharma form.

Knowing that he had just regained his full soul, and his strength was far from the peak, he tentatively proposed a truce.

It's a pity that the eight-faced Buddha has already seen through the false and the real, so how can he let it go?

"Too much deceit!"

The giant fish dharma roared angrily, suddenly the blue light all over his body flourished, and countless gorgeous halos emerged from the broken space, quickly combining into thousands of blue sword shadows.

"Thousands of tricks, thousands of swords!"

Suddenly, all the blue sword shadows were activated instantly, like locusts coming out of their nests, shooting mightily.

Whoosh!

The entire world was submerged by the howling sound of the sword shadow piercing through the air.

With lightning and flint, the densely packed sword shadows fell under the giant palm.

The piercing sword shadow, which was already incomparably fast, accelerated again, and swept away with an invincible force that divided the world.

Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang Dang!

The terrifying sound of clashes, which was thousands of times faster than firecrackers, exploded in an instant.

Naimertai, who had just arrived halfway up the mountain, was caught off guard, and fell to the ground covering his ears as if he was electrocuted, and writhed desperately. There were strands of dark red blood oozing from between his fingers, obviously the eardrum was shattered.

The fierce aerial battle fell into a stalemate inexplicably.

The turbulent rain of blue swords couldn't pierce the giant palm, and the red giant palm pressing on the top of Shenfeng couldn't get any further. No one could do anything for a while.

"Yin~"

Just as the giant fish dharma form and the eight-faced Buddha clone were struggling to overwhelm each other, the long-silent dragon veins suddenly revived, and when they raised their heads, a terrible dragon chant echoed between heaven and earth erupted.

Boom, boom~

The giant dragon in the form of dragon veins clearly sensed that the two terrifying existences fighting at this time had no time to take care of themselves. If they didn't escape now, when would they wait?

Without the suppression of the nine-day reincarnation disk, the countless thick iron nails could no longer crucify the dragon.

As soon as the giant dragon turned over, it set off a large piece of iron nails that went deep into the mountain.

The giant fish dharma form and the eight-faced Buddha clone are at the most intense moment of fighting. In this kind of mythological confrontation, any mistake may be lost forever.

Although they all wanted to fight for the dragon, they didn't dare to distract themselves to stop it, so they could only secretly worry.

Seeing this, the giant dragon became more and more frenzied, swaying its body frantically, pulling out iron nails, vowing to escape from here in the shortest possible time.

At this time, Naimertai fell into a bloody mold.

The struggle of the giant dragon caused the collapse of the mountain to accelerate, and rocks fell like rain, many of which were rock fragments the size of houses.

Naimertai, who had a splitting headache, had no choice but to endure the needle-like pain and dodge in embarrassment in order to survive.


Yuan Yutang, who was in an unknown space, was both dazzled and hopeless.

The stronger the performance of the giant fish dharma, the slimmer his chance of regaining his body.


In less than half a quarter of an hour, the countless thick iron nails were all pulled out by the giant dragon.

As soon as he got out of trouble, the giant dragon didn't care about the blood flow, and with a long cry, he rode the wind and stepped on the clouds, intending to break the void and go away.

"Where to run!"

Seeing that the dragon's veins were about to escape, Juyu Faxiang could no longer hold back, and hurriedly separated a part of the sword shadow, and rolled towards the giant dragon like a thunderbolt.

The Eight-faced Buddha avatar is also bound to gain the dragon's veins, and immediately used another huge giant palm to tear open the crack, and covered the dragon like the collapse of the sky.

This is a battle for the treasure, and it is a battle of life and death. The two sides have already fought a real fire.

There is nothing better than keeping treasures in your pocket and cutting your deadly enemies in front of the battle.

Seeing the situation, Ju Yufa secretly scolded himself for being obsessed with being obsessed with being the first to withdraw, leading to a complete passive situation.

Even now, he doesn't care about competing for the dragon's veins, so he can only do his best to save his life.

The eight-faced Buddha clone hides behind the crevice, and the ferocious Buddha statue smiles evilly, as if mocking the short-sightedness of the giant fish. The continuous torrential mana is poured into the palm, as if it is invincible

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Take a picture, as if you want to take a photo of the giant fish into a meat paste before you give up.

Yuan Yutang, who was forced to "watch a play", was taken aback when he saw this.

Once he was hit by the giant palm, he didn't know what happened to the other ghosts, anyway, his body would definitely be crushed into powder.

The tremendous pressure of life and death made him completely hysterical, and he roared angrily:

"Get out of Lao Tzu's body, let me do it!"

The next moment, the unknown consciousness that had stolen his body was horrified to find that Yuan Yutang's consciousness that had been suppressed by him to the corner of the sea of ​​consciousness actually had a strong rebound, and he forcibly broke free from the soul restriction he had set.

"This, how is this possible? How can a mere little warlock in the cultivator state get rid of the suppression of the deity's soul?" The unknown consciousness was full of astonishment, and almost couldn't believe this incredible scene.

Immediately afterwards, Yuan Yutang's consciousness of rebounding and rioting quickly competed with him for control of his body.

Due to the internal chaos, the strength of the giant fish's method of resistance was suddenly reduced.

The eight-faced Buddha clone quickly seized the opening and continued to suppress it with thunder. At the same time, the fleeing dragon on the other side had nowhere to escape, and landed on the giant palm with a howling scream.

Youlan Jianying, who had lost the support of mana, suddenly collapsed, ping-pong-pong shattered all over the ground.

Although the crisis is approaching, the battle between the two consciousnesses in Yuan Yutang's body is also becoming fiercer, and no one is willing to give in.

Compared with the crisis of shattering bones, the internal battle is more serious because it involves the origin.

Either die together, or have you without me, there is absolutely no third way.

Seeing that it was about to be crushed into a pulp by giant palms, at the very moment, the ancient book "Secret Technique of Tiangang", which had been silent for a long time, suddenly burst into golden light.

The golden seal characters on each page of the book seem to be alive and separate from the book, and quickly condense into bright stars.

The ancient book guarded by the stars turns pages automatically without wind, and every time a page is turned, an inexplicable aura seeps into Yuan Yutang's body, instantly breaking the stalemate.

Yuan Yutang's original consciousness was protected by the golden light, and he felt like a fish in water in an instant, and suddenly killed the stubborn unknown consciousness retreating steadily, and soon regained control of his body.

It's cumbersome to say, but it's only at the fingertips.

Feeling the long-lost body, Yuan Yutang was almost moved to tears.

But he knew that now was not the time to think wildly, so he quickly took out a golden talisman from his pocket.

It was the top-level talisman that he had looted from those two unlucky talisman masters during the battle of Fulong Mountain—the Thunder Pond Juesha Talisman!

Although the unknown consciousness was jointly suppressed by him and the ancient book, its leftover mana did not dissipate for the time being, which gave Yuan Yutang the opportunity to use the top-level talisman, the Thunder Pool Jue Sha Talisman.

"Nine Heavens Thunder, listen to my orders, and be as anxious as the orders of the Great Emperor of Nantian Thunder Prison, and punish evil!"

Yuan Yutang's aura was high, like a man from heaven, reciting mantras, kneading mantras in his hands, and suddenly raising his hands, the golden talisman disappeared instantly.

Immediately afterwards!

Boom, boom, boom~

The shattered sky was covered with dark clouds in an instant, endless thunder was brewing, and the lightning was intertwined, just like the legendary thunder pool descending on the world.

Feeling the terrifying aura escaping from the thunder pool above his head, the eight-faced Buddha clone showed a dignified look for the first time.

However, it is too late to say.

Countless huge thunderbolts as thick as mountains suddenly fell.

"Wow~"

It was as strong as the eight-faced Buddha clone, and it was impossible to avoid the divine thunder that surpassed the speed of light. It was instantly scorched as black as carbon, screaming again and again.

The dragon veins held in the hands of the Eight-faced Buddha were even more tragically cut into three sections by the violent thunder.

The dragon's head and body screamed and flew away, but the dragon's tail was sucked into Yuan Yutang who fell into a coma due to excessive wear and tear.

Under the power of the violent thunder, the Eight-faced Buddha did not dare to overwhelm him, so he could only escape into the void with a heart full of unwillingness.


At the junction of Lingnan Road and Nanman Linhai, there is a simple campsite, and a young man is watching the sky at night not far from the campsite.

Suddenly, he seemed to have a feeling in his heart, and he looked up at the night sky, and suddenly saw an illusory dragon head flying towards him, and it sank into his body without waiting for his reaction.

After a long time, the people in the camp found that the young man had disappeared, and hurried out to search for a long time, only to find the young man who was stunned on the grass.

An elegant and majestic old man scolded, "Situ saved the world, why did you come out at night, I wonder if the teacher and classmates will worry, I will punish you to copy "Zi Yulun" two hundred times, and hand it over to the teacher before tomorrow!"

The young man blinked his eyes as if he had just returned to his soul, and opened his mouth slightly, but in the end he chose to bury the vision he had just seen in his heart and sincerely accept the punishment from his teacher.


In the Governor's Mansion in Gyeongju, Northeast Province, Situ Shanu was reading military books at night, when he occasionally felt something, just when he looked up, he saw an illusory dragon body break through the window, and rushed into his body in an instant.

After being dazed for a long time, he came back to his senses and murmured to himself thoughtfully, "Three points of the dragon's veins, it seems that troubled times are coming..."

After a pause, he shouted domineeringly, "I don't know where a hero is lucky enough to be favored by the dragon's veins. If he dares to compete with someone for hegemony in the world, don't blame him for killing him!"

(Volume 1: Visitors from Another World, finished!!)

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		