

In the vast and silent ocean, Yuan Yutang encountered the biggest crisis since crossing.

The paper figurine in dark red wedding clothes pulled him to the dilapidated flower bridge.

Yuan Yutang, who had lost his mana, was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered in the hands of these ghosts, with no room for resistance at all.

Eighteen terrifying bride heads stared at him like a hungry beast staring at a piece of delicious fat.

Swallowing his saliva with difficulty, Yuan Yutang couldn't move his whole body, but his mind was thinking about the strategy of self-help.

He will not give up easily until he completely dies.

Damn it, if he had known that entering the Tianmen Pavilion would inexplicably lose his mana, he could have prepared some items to ward off evil and cure ghosts in advance, no matter how bad it was, he would not have ended up in such a situation.

However, reality is not a game, and there has never been so much early knowledge at all.

Without the samurai's true energy to restrain ghosts, without mana, and without tools to cure evil, he was already at the end of his rope.

tool?

and many more!

Yuan Yutang, who was about to be swallowed by despair, suddenly brightened, as if he had found a way to break the situation in the desperate situation.

"Hey, how long has it been since I saw such a handsome young man?" The heads of the eighteen ghost brides all showed strange smiles of unknown meaning and said in unison.

As soon as the topic changed, the head of the ghost bride suddenly became depressed, and said with great resentment, "If I hadn't been deceived by that hateful matchmaker back then, I would never have given up on my childhood sweetheart, he is as handsome as you..."

"The matchmaker's heart is utterly wicked, for the sake of rewarding money, she made the slave's family miserable!"

"It should be killed, everyone should be killed!"

"Die, all die!"

Before Yuan Yutang could react, a strong gust of Yin Qi rushed towards his face like a blowout, almost freezing his whole body.

As his teeth chattered, Yuan Yutang was extremely horrified.

Such a strong Yin Qi!

Those eighteen ghost brides are definitely ghosts above the peak of unjust souls, and their strength is equivalent to that of real people among warlocks!

Thinking of this, the flame of hope that was rekindled just now was almost extinguished.

Biting the tip of his tongue hard, Yuan Yutang tried his best to keep calm.

Eighteen ghosts at the peak of resentful souls, even in his heyday, he would not dare to say victory easily, let alone now that the tiger is in peace.

Don't panic, don't mess up.

You only get one chance.

If it's missed or screwed up, it's really dead!

After calming down, Yuan Yutang keenly grasped an important message.

After hesitating for a while, Yuan Yutang decided to be a dead horse as a living horse doctor, and said anxiously, "No, that's right, my mother was also deceived by the matchmaker back then. She was a beautiful girl, and she married my father, that drunk in a daze. ..."

"My father was drunk and disowned his relatives. He beat and scolded our mother and son frequently. My mother shed tears all day long. In the end, she couldn't accept my father's violence and was beaten to death..."

After finishing speaking, Yuan Yutang looked nervously at the ghost bride, praying desperately in his heart.

Sure enough, as he expected, the Ghost Bride, who was still in a rage just now, was collectively stunned when they heard Yuan Yutang's words, and then they showed joy, like a prisoner who had been wronged, or like a lonely person who longed for approval, weeping with joy, "Really? Is your mother like this too? Damn, just say that the world is as black as crows, and all matchmakers should die!!"

Seeing the ghost bride's expression, Yuan Yutang couldn't help secretly heaving a sigh of relief.

Bet right!

Sure enough, he guessed right, the ghost bride hated the matchmaker very much.

There is a law in earth sociology, when two strangers meet for the first time, if they have a common point of resonance, it is easy to have a good impression of each other.

Resonance points include hobbies, idols, food, and things to hate.

Seeking wealth and wealth, Yuan Yutang took the risk to fabricate a lie that was poisoned by the matchmaker, and he won the ghost bride's approval.

However, you still need to be cautious in the next step, any wrong step will be irreversible.

Calming his mind, Yuan Yutang tried his best to put on an empathetic look of grief, and said through gritted teeth, "Who says it's not, if I find the matchmaker who killed my grandmother back then, I will definitely skin her and have cramps! "

"That's right, that's how you should deal with matchmakers!" The heads of the eighteen ghostly brides shook up and down like rattles, and their ferocious eyes looking at Yuan Yutang were rarely soft.

Although initially gaining the approval of the ghost brides, Yuan Yutang did not relax in the slightest.

It must be known that ghosts are moody, and they cannot be overcome with common sense. God knows when they will suddenly turn their faces and pull him out of his soul.

Pretending to catch a cold, Yuan Yutang crossed his arms tremblingly to keep warm, but secretly put his right hand into the inner pocket of his clothes.

During the whole process, he was on tenterhooks, for fear that the ghost bride would find out his intentions.

He didn't relax his tense nerves until his fingers touched something cold and hard.

At this point, Yuan Yutang's plan was considered half successful.

The next most important thing is to wait for the best opportunity, take advantage of the unpreparedness, and give a fatal blow!

Suddenly, a strong attraction came from inside the dark red sedan chair.

Yuan Yutang's eyes blurred, and when he came back to his senses, he had already been sucked into the sedan chair.

The next moment, he gasped.

Yuan Yutang swears that he has never seen such a terrifying and strange situation as a human being in two lifetimes.

There are eighteen ghost brides crowded together in the sedan chair, it is clearly a terrifying ghost with eighteen heads like Medusa.

The body is dressed in a dark red wedding gown, sitting dignifiedly and virtuously in the sedan chair. Eighteen slender necks are impressively connected to the neck cavity. The head on the neck rises and falls like a boa constrictor. Ordinary people can be scared to death just by looking at it. Courageous.

Yuan Yutang's pupils shrank sharply, and he almost couldn't help but start violently.

What the hell is this? It's so terrifying.

"Young man, you and I feel sorry for each other, we are both sad people suffering from the matchmaker's wife, we should support each other.

If you don't dislike the shallowness of the slave's family, why not get married as a husband and wife, so that you can have someone to take care of you in the future? "The heads of the eighteen ghost brides who shook endlessly pretended to be charming, and suggested while holding back their saliva.

Yuan Yutang's face twitched violently a few times, showing a smile that was uglier than crying, and he replied nonchalantly, "Isn't this inappropriate? Parents have always been the ones to make decisions about marriage. Although my mother is gone, my grandma Dad is still alive...without his consent, wouldn't he have wronged you, sister?"

The eighteen-headed ghost bride let out a sharp 'smile' after hearing this, and said with a sinister smile, "Young man, you are not only handsome, but you also love others. I really love you. It's okay, let's start Bridal chamber, with the reality of husband and wife, there is no need to worry about being embarrassing us by your drunken old father."

Yuan Yutang's jaw almost dropped.

What are these tiger and wolf words?

Are all the female ghosts these days so vicious?

There is also the operation of bridal chamber first and then marriage?

Just about to procrastinate for a little more time, Yuan Yutang noticed that the ghost bride's eighteen pairs of ghost eyes gradually showed impatience.

I know I can't wait any longer.

Gritting his teeth in secret, Yuan Yutang suddenly burst into a fit, sprinted in the cramped and narrow sedan chair, and crashed straight into the arms of the ghost bride.

"If you want to eat my young master's broiler chicken, it's your spring and autumn dream, go to hell!"

Shouting loudly, Yuan Yutang quickly pulled out the object that had been clenched in his right hand from his arms, and smashed it at the ghost bride like lightning.

There was a muffled sound.

In an instant, a needle can be heard in the sedan chair.

Yuan Yutang's eyes widened in astonishment, his pupils filled with disbelief.

Staring blankly at the silver cross caught between the ghost bride's deep twin peaks, he felt as if ten thousand alpacas were rushing past him.

Did you make a mistake! ? ?

Where did the promised Holy Light go?

At the critical moment, I actually lost the chain for Lao Tzu?

That's right, the only way Yuan Yutang could think of to save himself was to use the silver cross that had sealed the strange ghost to kill the ghost bride.

But he never expected.

The silver cross did not respond.

Now the fun is big.

The back was instantly wet with cold sweat, Yuan Yutang rolled his eyes stiffly, and timidly looked at the eighteen heads of the ghost bride who had turned violent after being shocked, and smiled with difficulty:

"Would you believe me if I said it was just a misunderstanding?"

What answered him was the ghost bride's thunderous attack.

Yuan Yutang's ghosts were all haunted, and he gritted his teeth and was about to fight for his life.

At this moment, the surface of the sea outside the sedan chair suddenly surged violently like a boiling oil pan, and countless black lightning bolts shot out from the bottom of the sea.

The paper man carrying the sedan chair couldn't react at all, and was torn to pieces in an instant.

The ghost bride's face paled suddenly, she didn't even care about Yuan Yutang who was talking, and smashed through the roof of the sedan chair with a plop and jumped into the air.

For the rest of his life after the catastrophe, Yuan Yutang's heart was beating rapidly, his brain was muddled, and he was paralyzed in the sedan chair, panting for breath.

In sight, the ghost bride leaped desperately as if she had encountered a natural enemy, flying faster and higher.

Suddenly.

A black shadow that was as fast as a ghost came through the air, and instantly caught the ghost bride in the air.

"Ah~"

Amidst a scream that was so shrill that it made Yuan Yutang's body stand up with goosebumps, the ghost bride, who was still invincible just now, was knocked out of her wits by the black shadow's blow.

Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded.

Is the Tianmen Pavilion a tomb or a Senluo hell?

Why are there ghosts and ghosts everywhere?

The forefoot has just come out of the wolf's lair, is it going to enter the tiger's mouth again?

While thinking wildly, he seemed to hear a faint cry.

"Whoa, my hair~"

"Whoa, where did my hair go?"

"Whoa, give me back my hair~"

The level of horror of this crying sound was even worse than that of the ghost bride's chanting, which made Yuan Yutang feel his scalp tense.

Before he could move, the dark red sedan chair floating on the sea suddenly bumped up, as if there was some giant beast in the bottom of the water that was about to surface.

Yuan Yutang's face was pale, and his arms were firmly spread out to clasp the edge of the bridge, desperately trying to stabilize his figure.

The violent bumps were like the most exciting roller coaster on earth, and Yuan Yutang became dizzy in an instant.

Click, click~

With such violent bumps, no matter how strong the dark red sedan chair was, it couldn't last long. Amid the successive crisp sounds, the sedan chair finally collapsed.

"Wow~" Losing the support of the dark red sedan chair, Yuan Yutang immediately fell down.

However, when he landed, he found that the bottom of his body was not the icy sea water, but a wet and slippery large piece of unknown black soil.

Taking a closer look, the ever-expanding black soil is actually tangled black hair?

Before he could figure out the situation, a figure slowly rose from the massive black hair like a small land, bowed his waist and shrugged, and buried his head in tears.

Immediately afterwards, Yuan Yutang discovered that these strange black hairs actually came from that figure.

Holding a large tuft of black hair, the ghostly figure whimpered and cried:

"Whoa, my hair~"

"Whoa, where did my hair go?"

"Whoa, give me back my hair~"


		