

In the darkest hours before dawn, the dark sky was torn apart by thunder from time to time.

The sound of shouting and killing on the top of the mountain gradually extinguished, and the thrilling battle came to an end quietly.

Under the hillside, in the rainforest, and in the swamp, there seemed to be terrifying figures of crocodiles and pythons everywhere, roaring incessantly.

Among the crocodilians and pythons, there were more than 20 indifferent-looking people mixed in. There were Daxia warlocks and wolf warriors. They were either kneading formulas with their hands, or drawing bows and knives. They pressed on step by step, slowly but firmly advancing towards the hill .

These are the unlucky ghosts who were devoured by the crocodile python, and they are also the most lethal to the survivors.

The simple camp was covered with corpses and blood flowed in streams. The number of survivors who can still stand is no more than fifteen. With the light flashing from time to time, they can be seen with pale faces and the word despair written on their faces.

They have tried their best, but in the end manpower is no match for their lives. There are too many crocodiles and pythons to kill. No matter how careful they are, they will inevitably swallow more than 20 people alive by crocodiles and pythons. open.

Running out of ammunition, running out of food, and running out of aid, if there is no miracle, the fate waiting for them will be a dead end.


Surrounded by a dozen exhausted survivors, Situ Hongyi is still dressed in white, even though the situation has collapsed to such an extent, he always has a calm smile on his face, waving his folding fan leisurely , I don't know where the confidence comes from.

Naimertai's expression was gloomy, and he watched his last team members die one by one, even though he was as indifferent as him, he still felt bleeding from his heart.

His patience has reached its limit.

"Jie Jie Jie~"

At this time, a few 'wolf tribe warriors' full of evil spirits carried steel knives and killed them swiftly.

Andalu, who had been exhausted from fighting for a long time, let out a roar. He ignored the huge wound on his lower abdomen, and held the curved steel knife full of gaps in both hands, like a wounded wolf, ignoring the fear of death and rushed forward front block.

Clang, clang, clang~

Ping!

After three deafening metal clashes, there was a clear and long cracking sound.

Andalu stared at the broken knife in his hand in astonishment, his body flickered, and three fountains of blood suddenly shot out from his wounded body that was almost drained of blood.

Immediately, full of unwillingness and anger, he fell to the ground and died.

Another member of the old army was killed in battle.

Naimertai closed his eyes in pain, the veins on his forehead were throbbing, and his fists were clenched and rattling.

Huo Ran opened his eyes, glaring at Situ Hongyi with a murderous look.

A fierce tiger cannot be humiliated, and those who are humiliated must die!

Just when Naimertai was about to go all out and prepare to attack Situ Hongyi, the Tuqianren and the magic painting scholar, who had always been wise and safe, nodded slightly to Situ Hongyi.

"Hehe, brother Nogi, don't worry, the time is finally ripe."

Situ Hongyi closed the folding fan with a snap, pointed forward proudly, and laughed wildly, "Native chicken Wagoer, let me be wiped out!"

As soon as the words fell, thirteen blood-red beams of blood rose out of nowhere from the top of Nuo Da Mountain, and immediately after that, the blood spots that had not solidified suddenly boiled on the ground, and a strange magic circle filled with evil spirit suddenly formed.

As soon as the magic circle took shape, thirteen mournful howls sounded in the sky, and then the thirteen blood-red beams turned into thirteen grotesque and terrifying creatures, rushing towards the crocodile and python formation surrounded by all directions.

The thirteen blood-colored monsters seemed to be tangible and intangible, neither dead nor injured, completely ignoring defense

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

In an instant, he entered the flock like a tiger and slaughtered several crocodile pythons one after another.

With the addition of such a powerful new force, the situation was immediately stabilized, and the dozen or so survivors who were stubbornly resisting all breathed a sigh of relief.

"Hehe~" Situ Hongyi smiled arrogantly, and said vigorously, "Didn't you always want to see my hole card? This is my hole card, the thirteen blood witch formation!"

"Sacrifice the spirit with blood, construct the formation with flesh, and summon the Thirteen Blood Witches of Yinluo Disha. The biggest feature of this formation is that it does not need mana to drive it. As long as there are enough souls and flesh to sacrifice, even ordinary people can arrange it!"

"I still have a big gift I want to give you, wait and see, brother Nogi!"

As he spoke, Situ Hongyi took out another exquisite bronze terracotta warrior from his bosom, and threw it on the ground casually.

It's amazing to say that the bronze terracotta warrior the size of half a palm grows in the wind before it hits the ground, and soon grows into a giant that is too tall.

Situ Hongyi bit his finger with ease, murmured something, and then threw the bright red blood from his fingertips onto the enlarged bronze terracotta warrior.

Suddenly!

As soon as the blood from the fingertips touched the bronze terracotta warriors, the dull eye sockets of the terracotta warriors instantly burst into a strange blue light, followed by a rattling sound from the joints of the whole body, and slowly pulled out the door-sized bronze broadsword in the scabbard at the waist , walking towards Naimertai step by step.

Naimertai was startled, and the hairs all over his body stood on end.

The seemingly clumsy bronze terracotta warrior actually gave him an extremely dangerous feeling.

"Hehe, the terracotta warriors of the gods are special earth-level spirit treasures driven by blood, and their strength is comparable to that of junior immortals. Do you like this great gift from me?" Situ Hongyi laughed wildly.

The four major grades of magical artifacts are heaven and earth Xuanhuang, and earth-level spiritual treasures are also high-level magical artifacts. No wonder they can put such strong pressure on Naimertai.

Under the constant pressure from the terracotta warriors, Naimertai knowingly asked, "Situ Hongyi, what does this mean?"

"What do you mean? Isn't it obvious enough? Of course it's to send your brother on his way."

Perhaps because he felt that he had already controlled the overall situation, Situ Hongyi made no secret of his murderous intentions.

Naimertai took a deep breath, regained his composure abnormally, and said in a concentrated voice, "I understand."

"Do it!"

After finishing speaking, a burly black shadow appeared behind Situ Hongyi like a ghost, and punched out like a thunderbolt.

Situ Hongyi was taken aback, and out of the corner of his eye, he saw that it was a whistling iron fist the size of a clay pot. Before the fist reached, the whistling wind had already scratched the back of his head with pain.

Once this punch is solid, Situ Hongyi's entire head may be smashed like a ripe watermelon.

Kacha~

At the critical moment, the ground under Situ Hongyi's feet suddenly collapsed, and he fell down strangely, narrowly avoiding the sneak attack.

With a punch in the air, there was actually a thunderous muffled sound, which shows how powerful it is.

The sneak attacker said angrily, "Damn it, that thief escaped unharmed! Master Taiji, let the green hills be left without worrying about firewood, and I will protect you to kill a bloody road!"

The person who came was suddenly the seriously injured and dying former wolf tribe Saktu Toto Mobi! !

Although Toto Mobi was blown off by a faceless monster in the scorched earth before, he has been in a coma since then. It turned out to be the killer weapon arranged by Naimertai in the dark.

The two cunning foxes schemed against each other, but in the end it was Situ Hongyi who had the upper hand and escaped death.

The next moment, Situ Hongyi, who was still in shock, appeared among the crocodiles and pythons on the hillside, supported by a wretched and skinny man.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The strange thing is that the vicious crocodile python turned a blind eye to them.

That wretched man was wearing a dirty yin and yang Taoist robe and was carrying a strange shovel covered in mud. Who else could it be if it wasn't the long-lost mountain-moving Taoist who 'couldn't dig through'?

Combined with the previous and current clues, Nam Ertai still didn't know that this was clearly a murder that was aimed at him from the beginning to the end.

"Si, Tu, Hong, Yi!" Namur Tai's eyes were about to split open, and he gritted his teeth word by word.

"Don't let this Taiji live, or you will be crushed!"

Situ Hongyi, who was under the protection of the crocodile and python, was confident, ignored Naimertai's murderous threat, and sneered with lingering fear, "If you dare to seek skin from a tiger, you should be prepared to pay the price. Do you blame me for being stupid?"

Immediately with a thought, the slow-moving terracotta warriors speeded up in vain, picked up the bronze broadsword the size of a door panel, and roared towards Naimertai like thunder.

In an instant, the army of crocodiles and pythons also rioted, scrambling to be the first to rush towards the hillside.

The thirteen blood witch monsters who had just killed the crocodile and python retreated steadily also howled, turned their guns, and rushed towards the camp.

The dozen or so survivors who were besieged on all sides were instantly ashamed.


"My lord, don't get angry with the dead. It's not worthwhile to get angry." Holding a strange command flag, "Dug Bu Tong" flattered Situ Hongyi while controlling the crocodile python.

Situ Hongyi chuckled, forced himself to be calm and praised, "Old Jue, you have done a great job this time, and I will reward you a lot after you get out."

"I can't dig it out" immediately smiled, "Thank you, young master, for the reward."

At this time, Tuque Sanren and the magic painting scholar came over quietly at some point, and the magic painting scholar asked cheerfully while painting, "My lord, the blood sacrifice formation has been prepared and can be launched at any time."

Hearing this, Situ Hongyi looked at Naimertai, who was fighting with the terracotta warriors, and said with resentful eyes, "Wait a little longer, that tiger won't die, I feel uneasy."

The Tuque Sanren suddenly bowed his hands and said in a compliment, "Young Master strategizes and kills powerful enemies invisibly. The strength of the terracotta warriors is comparable to that of a low-level human immortal. No matter how strong Naimertai is, he will not be able to jump for a long time. When he dies, he will be at the core." The great opportunity in the region is none other than Young Master, this subordinate congratulates Young Master!"

'Dig Bu Tong' and the magic painting scholar were a little slow to react, but they also quickly echoed:

"This subordinate congratulates the young master!"

"Hahaha~" Situ Hongyi was overjoyed by the repeated flattery, as if the opportunity in the secret realm was already in his pocket, he laughed and said, "Okay, okay, this matter is over, you are all ministers who have made great contributions. Great things can be expected, I will share the glory and wealth with you!!"


Not long after, there was no movement on the top of the mountain, and the remaining dozen or so cannon fodder were quickly slaughtered.

Just as Tu Que Sanren said, the terracotta warriors of the prefecture-level spirit treasure puppets are as powerful as junior human immortals, and there is absolutely no possibility of failure against Naimertai, who has not yet stepped into the master realm.

In the end, Toto Mubi desperately helped Naimertai block the killing sword, and Naimertai jumped off the cliff to escape and ended the battle.

"My lord, don't worry about Naimertai anymore, Wanshouqi can't control those crocodiles and pythons soon, so don't delay the big event!" 'Dig Butong' shouted with a terrified expression, sweating profusely.

Situ Hongyi's eyes were gloomy, he stared at the direction where Naimertai disappeared, and after a while he shouted unwillingly, "Forget it, let him live a little longer!"

"Listen to the order, activate the blood-stained array to break through the boundary wall, and fight towards the Tianmen Pavilion together!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		