

It is night, the moon is in the sky, and the rare clear weather.

The soldiers in Tongshan Pass will patrol and guard in an orderly manner, as if the civil strife that almost happened during the day is just an illusion.

Under the bright moonlight, two figures appeared on the eaves of the tower.

Yuan Yutang looked at Situ Shanu with a strange look on his face.

What happened during the day refreshed his understanding of Situ Shanu several times.

First, he transformed from a heroic and passionate young man to a black-bellied and merciless young hero, and finally he became a good big brother who is righteous and indifferent to the sky.

To tell the truth, if the two of them put themselves in different positions, and tried their best to ensure that they had only known each other for less than four days and had unknown origins in public, they would ask themselves, Yuan Yutang would really dare not go to such a sea.

It must be known that this kind of guarantee is already a military order in disguise.

There are no jokes in the army. Once a word is spoken, it is hard to follow.

Just imagine, if he is really a spy of Zhacheng, all future crimes will be borne by Situ Shanu alone.

If it's okay to die on the battlefield, it will be infamous for thousands of years.

If he survived by chance, his fate would be worse than death.

This kind of guarantee is definitely not a joke, there is absolutely no room for repentance, not to mention that Situ Shanu is just a son of a wealthy family, even the emperor's grandson Longzi will still be killed, there is absolutely no discount of favor.

It took a lot of courage and deep trust for Situ Shanu to make such a move.

Non-vegetation, ruthless Practice makes perfect.

If you treat me like a gentleman, I will repay you!

The little grudge that was exploited by Situ Shanu disappeared immediately, and the rest was only moved.

While in a trance, Situ Shanu sat down beside him, looking up at the moon, and said sincerely, "Brother, I would like to solemnly apologize to you, I really meant to use you as bait to lure Liu Bu into trouble. But as the guarding general, there are tens of thousands of people in the pass behind him, and most of the time, he can't help himself. Not to mention, I hope you can believe that it is enough for my brother to never hurt your heart."

Yuan Yutang smiled slightly, with gentle eyes, took out two thumb-thick objects from his pocket, and threw one to Situ Shanu.

"Huh? What is this? Why are you rolling tobacco leaves with paper?" Situ Shanu kept looking at the cigarette in his hand with great interest.

Yuan Yutang lit the torch, held the cigarette in his mouth and lit it, took a deep puff, showed an intoxicated expression, and said with a chuckle, "This is the unique way of eating tobacco in my hometown, and it is a skill that macho men must learn. Brother, why not try it?"

Situ Shanu fixed his eyes on Yuan Yutang swallowing clouds and puffing out fog, and with an indescribably unrestrained feeling, he nodded quickly and imitated holding a cigarette in his mouth to light it.

"Hiss~" Take a sip, and feel the mellow smell of burning tobacco leaves directly acting on the lungs, which is a completely different experience from smoking through a bong. Situ Shanu couldn't help but said in surprise, "I never thought that smoking tobacco leaves directly would be so mellow. , as if exhaustion and depression disappeared in an instant, it is indeed a must-learn skill for a strong man, wonderful, wonderful!"

Compared with strong cigarettes, Yuan Yutang prefers the direct and strong cigarettes. Previously, he could not afford to find paper and had to give up. When he arrived at Tongshan Pass, paper was no longer a rare commodity, and he immediately made a batch of hand-rolled cigarettes.

Situ Shanu is the second lucky person in the world to experience hand-rolled cigarettes, and he immediately fell in love with this novelty.

In fact, for Yuan Yutang, hand-rolling cigarettes can relieve nostalgia in addition to smoking addiction.

Although it has been almost a month since he came to this ancient world, he misses his hometown Earth all the time.

Missing the scenery of the earth, the loved ones on the earth, the memories of the earth, everything on the earth...

It's a pity that I still can't go back after all.

The only way to relieve our sorrows is to use smoke to comfort us.

He doesn't know if hand-rolled cigarettes will be popular in the future, but taking the initiative to share hand-rolled cigarettes with Situ Shanu means that he sincerely accepts Situ Shanu as a friend.

In the previous life, a cigarette between two strange men could start a conversation and form a friendship, and this place is no exception.

After the smoke was burned, both of them felt that the estrangement in the daytime seemed to disappear out of thin air, and their friendship deepened a lot.

This kind of feeling that can only be understood and cannot be expressed in words, both of them silently put it in their hearts.

The moonlight is faint, and the magnificent and magnificent Saibei Xuechuan is under your feet.

Inexplicably, Situ Shanu only felt his chest swell, and he couldn't utter a word.

Standing up abruptly, pointing to the magnificent mountains and rivers in front of him, he laughed loudly, "Look, brother, the magnificent rivers and mountains under your feet are the most precious gift God bestowed on our Great Xia nation.

The black soil in the northern part of the Great Wall is fertile and the real estate is extremely high. In its heyday, it was called Jiangnan outside the Great Wall. There were once close to three million farmers, and the food and supplies it produced supported tens of millions of people in the three neighboring regions~

It's a pity that the government is weak now, the officials are incompetent, and the soldiers are weak, so that this treasure land is going to be handed over to the blood-drinking wolf slaves..."

"Only seventeen years ago, the great rivers and mountains were devastated by the wolves and barbarians, and there were not one out of ten of the three million farming households..."

"What is shame, this is shame, a naked shame for every Daxia soldier~"

"Brother, whenever I think of the humiliation of these years, I feel heartbroken. I can't sleep at night, and the pillow is wet with tears~"

"That's why Brother Wei once swore to the moon that he would restore the country's prestige, regain the land that belongs to us, and drive the wolves back to the deep village of Heishan to continue drinking their blood!

My real name is Situ Weiyi. I changed my slave-killing name on the day I enlisted in the army. If I don’t kill all the barbarians in a day, I won’t change it back to my real name! "

"Brother, would you like to help Brother?"

Yuan Yutang stared blankly at Situ Shanu, who was shining brightly under the moonlight and had the air of swallowing thousands of miles. He seemed to feel that the heroic young man in front of him seemed to overlap with the figures of those martyrs who threw their heads and blood in the previous century and last century. He had the urge to have his blood boil.

Although he really wanted to agree to Situ Shanu's solicitation, Yuan Yutang always kept in mind that the ups and downs of honor and disgrace in the mundane world were not his ultimate pursuit.

Cultivating merit and virtue, learning supernatural powers, slaying demons and eliminating demons, and cleaning up the universe, this is the right way! !

Seeming to see Yuan Yutang's entanglement, Situ Shanu was silent for a moment, then laughed and patted him on the shoulder, "It's okay, everyone has his own ambitions, brother should not force you with your own ideals. Do what you want You just need to remember that brother will always be your strong backing!"

Infected by Situ's arrogance to kill slaves, Yuan Yutang got up and held his big hand firmly, and said solemnly, "Brother, although I can't accompany you to drive out the barbarians and fight on the battlefield, but in the future, I will be useful to my younger brother. It is a duty to do so!"

"Hahaha, good brother!"

The night wind gradually picked up, and the two sonorous vows went away with the wind, as if they were branded in the thousands of miles of mountains and rivers.


At the same time, the atmosphere in the wolf camp was extremely strange.

I saw a five-foot-high platform built in the center of the camp, surrounded by raging bonfires, forming a big fire circle around the platform.

Boom~boom~boom~

Three deep and slow vigorous drums sounded from nowhere, and then a figure stood up on the high platform and danced to the moon.

"Yilan~Sorin~Ruiji~"

The hoarse voice with a strange tone spreads all over the field with the wind, the cold wind stops, the surrounding temperature drops rapidly, and a thin layer of frost quickly condenses on the ground, which is simply unimaginable.

Borrowing the moonlight, one can see the twisted limbs on the high platform, dancing strangely. It is a figure with a horrible ghost mask on his face, a crown of flowers and tassels on his head, a colorful black robe, and a scepter with a sheep's head and a skull in his hand. Skinny old woman.

Every time the old woman danced, the temperature dropped a bit, the whistling wild wind stopped, and the obscure words in her mouth became more and more hurried. Unknown drums from all directions matched the rhythm, and there was an unspeakable strange atmosphere permeating the world. .

As the old woman danced faster and spoke louder, something unusual seemed to happen in the wilderness.

"Woo woo woo~"

"Aww~"

"Hee hee hee~"

"Huh huh~"

All kinds of creepy and terrifying sounds reverberated across the wilderness, mixed with the old woman's vicissitudes and melodious congratulations, like playing a ghostly ballad, which made ordinary people tremble with fear.

Suddenly, countless horrifying translucent ghosts appeared in the void, flying and circling around the high platform.

All of a sudden, there were many ghosts and shadows near the high platform, and the dark energy was overwhelming.

Boom!

There was a sound of passionate drums that seemed to shatter the sky, and the old woman's dance steps suddenly stopped, and she started to swing violently like an electric shock, and her words of congratulations were even more vague and rapid.

"what!!"

The crone suddenly yelled, stopped shaking, her hands frantically formed the seal at a speed invisible to the naked eye, and strong mana fluctuations enveloped the entire camp.

"Tie Muzhen, a witch from the Tushan tribe, set up a dharma altar here tonight, to welcome the hundred thousand mountain gods of Heishan to come here, and help our descendants of the wolf clan to conquer the city and conquer the land. After this is done, all the harvested slaves will be fed by the blood of the mountain gods!"

As soon as the words fell, the yin energy that was so thick that it could not be melted exploded in vain, and the translucent ghosts flying in the air instantly boiled up and scattered impatiently.

The soldiers in the tents of the camp had long been ordered by the officers to strictly forbid them to appear. Countless bannermen were scared out of their wits by the horrific movements from the outside world, and shivered under the covers.

On the battlefield a few kilometers away from the camp that hadn’t been cleaned in time, the corpse of a wolf-clan bannerman suddenly twitched, then bounced up straight from the ground, numbly picked up a broken weapon, and walked with a stiff Walk towards Tongshan Pass.

Following the resurrection of the first corpse, thousands more corpses in different shapes and sizes got up one after another and walked towards Tongshan Pass staggeringly.

Immediately afterwards, a gloomy white mist floated strangely on the battlefield, and it quickly enveloped Tongshan Pass as if it was alive.

The deadly battlefield seemed to turn into ghosts in an instant, and terror permeated every corner.

Watching the army of dead corpses and the white mist slowly approaching, a vigorous black shadow suddenly jumped onto the high platform, came to Tushan witch Tie Muzhen in fear and respect, bowed respectfully and said, "Master Tie Muzhen has worked hard, this If you can successfully capture Tongshan Pass next time, you will receive the first credit!"

Tie Muzhen stared at the silhouette of Tongshan Pass under the night, which looked like an ancient monster, and muttered resentfully:

"hope so……"


		