

Boom, boom~

Yuan Yutang flew upside down like a cannonball, smashing three big trees that were hugged by the two of them one after another before stopping his decline.

"Whimper~"

His chest was so painful that it was numb, and after falling to the ground and making a big hole, he suddenly opened his mouth and sprayed out a bloody arrow.

"Hehe, it's really not bad, taking a direct blow from Lao Tzu and not dying, this level is enough to look down on peers in the realm of monks."

A skinny man, no, it should be Naimertai, the former master of Tushan of the wolf tribe, who came here proudly.

Looking resentfully at Yuan Yutang, who was still dazed, Namurtai grinned, "Boy, do you feel wronged?"

"Being plotted against by someone for no reason will feel aggrieved by anyone."

"But!" Naimertai changed the subject, and his resentment erupted like a huge wave, pointing at Yuan Yutang and roaring, "You are wronged, and I am even more wronged!"

"It turns out that because of you, all the grand plans and great achievements that I have worked hard for half my life have been in vain!"

"We know that because of you, more than 100,000 innocent women and children in the old camp of the Tushan tribe were brutally slaughtered by the big monster!"

"It can be seen that because of you, I was ruled by the seven chiefs and removed, and the Tushan tribe was annexed and divided up. Even after I die, I will have no face to face my ancestors!"

"So, are you still wronged now?"

"answer me!"

Like a raging bull, Naimertai galloped forward and kicked Yuan Yutang's chest ferociously.

"Pfft~"

As heavy as Ben Lei's kick, Yuan Yutang's injuries were compounded immediately, and suddenly blood was spurted wildly. The man was kicked like a ball and plowed out nearly ten feet of ravines on the ground, almost embedded in the ground.

Naimertai really hated Yuan Yutang.

The attack and defense of Tongshan Pass, which had been planned for a long time and was foolproof, failed because of a little-known unknown pawn.

How embarrassing is this for Namurtai, who has always been known as the god of war?

The most terrible thing is the failure of the battle of Tongshanguan, which also produced a series of chain reactions.

Not to mention that the main forces of the Three Banners of the Tushan tribe suffered heavy losses, and because the left-behind general Akeley, who was eager to make contributions, in order to return to the decline, invited the trapped Daemon Shan Ze Dajun to come, which caused the seal to become invalid and was taken away. He got out of trouble and massacred nearly 100,000 innocent women and children.

You must know that although all members of the wolf clan are soldiers and are strong and good at fighting, they can't hide the most terrible shortcoming.

That is the population is too small.

Compared with the vast and vast Daxia people, the population of the wolf clan is just a drop in the ocean.

Women, children and children are the future of an ethnic group.

The death of more than 100,000 women and children undoubtedly cut the foundation of the Tushan tribe.

The most terrible thing is that after paying such a heavy price, the battle was finally lost.

Moreover, the greedy wolves are not only like this to other people, but even more so to their compatriots.

Tu Shanbu, who was seriously injured, was like a baby walking in the busy city with a huge sum of money in his hand, and he could not escape the end of being carve up in the end.

Since then, the system of the seven chiefs of the wolf clan has also been changed to a six-part system, and Naimertai, who is aloof, is knocked down and reduced to a bereaved dog.

And the culprit of all this is Yuan Yutang!


Still puzzled by his hatred, Naimertai's energy circulated, and he raised his hand to smash out a ball of tangible energy the size of a water tank.

Shh~

The tangible energy whizzing like a cannonball strikes swiftly and violently explodes immediately.

boom! !

A large amount of dust and gravel was thrown into the air, and the dust and mist filled the air, just like the scene of an arsenal explosion accident.

Naimertai is so terrifying!

With such a powerful explosion, even Iron Man should be smashed to pieces.

The enemy was put to death, but Namurtai's face was not happy.

"Good boy, dare to play the golden cicada to escape the shell under my nose, ha ha, I will play with you!"


Tens of feet away, Yuan Yutang was activating the Shenxing Armored Horse Talisman, fleeing like a gust of wind.

Naimertai is really too strong, it can be said that he is the strongest warrior he has encountered so far, and he is simply not an opponent he can handle now.

Whether it's Saktu Mumu Toby, the wolf clan who fought against him and Situ Shanu on the battlefield of Tongshan Pass, or the "Eyes of the Red Lotus Sect" who can compete with human beings and mountain gods. Zun' Zhonglihan is not as terrifying as Naimertai.

Yuan Yutang even guessed that Naimertai may have reached the realm of a martial arts master who is as famous as a fairyland.

Fortunately, I got the fragment of "Tian Lun Jing Fu Lu Pian" before, and learned a lot of magical special talismans from it. At the critical moment, I used the golden cicada shell escape talisman to abscond, and I died long ago without a burial place.

A sneak attack by a master of the martial arts master realm, not to mention that he is just a small warlock of the monk realm, even a peak master of the real person realm, probably will be defeated on the spot.

He was hit twice in the front by Naimertai, the Xuan-level cassock was close to useless, several ribs were broken, and his chest was soaked in blood. Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and took out a broken green talisman from his clothes, and couldn't help but wryly smiled.

This is a secret talisman from the Dong school——Chunyang Golden Armor Talisman, which focuses on defense and claims to be able to withstand ten blows from a real person without being destroyed.

The rivers and lakes are dangerous, and it is impossible to defend against open guns and hidden arrows. If he hadn't been cautious enough, with the double insurance of Xuan-level cassock and pure-yang golden armor talisman, plus the magic armor horse talisman and golden cicada shell talisman specially used to escape, I'm afraid he would have died by now. It was a dead body.

Rao is playing all his cards, but the situation is not very optimistic.

He knew that Naimertai had tried so hard to set up such a big game to lure him into the trap, and he would definitely not let him go easily.

Moreover, although the Golden Cicada Shelling Talisman is a secret talisman from the Kunlun School, once it is activated, it can instantly flee fifty feet away, but he doesn't think it will be able to hide it from Naimertai for long.

If you don't find a way to get out of the predicament as soon as possible, once Naimertai catches up again, you will definitely die.

Just came down a hill.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang felt that the ground under his feet suddenly became extremely loose, like a swamp, and his whole body sank weightlessly.

The incident happened too suddenly, and by the time he realized it, half of his body had already sunk into the ground, and there was a steady stream of strange attraction from below, as if it wanted to pull him into the abyss.

It looks like it will fall completely.

At the critical moment, Yuan Yutang was so blessed that he suddenly used the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain'.

Two blazing gusts of wind were generated out of thin air, lifting him abruptly, barely stopping his fall.

With a short-term support, it is time to show off the majesty of the Armored Horse Talisman.

Infused with mana, the Shenxing Armored Horse Talisman was running at full power, and a domineering force was born out of thin air, like scissors tearing cloth, tearing the ground as sticky as mercury.

Yuan Yutang seized the opportunity and jumped up suddenly.

Suddenly.

A strange man covered in colorful ribbons came out from behind a big tree in front of him, Jie Jie said with a strange smile, "Sure enough, he is a genius boy, even my 'Tuhe Che' can escape."

"In that case, let's try this trick again."

"'Return to the roots'!"

Before the words fell, the surrounding ground shook violently like an earth dragon turning over, and all the affected trees were uprooted, and countless roots of different thicknesses surged towards Yuan Yutang crazily like a group of snakes coming out of their nests.

After such a battle, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling his scalp tingle.

Recently, he who has been cultivating the common sense of immortality knows that this is not a common product, but an advanced spell involving the five elements.

In other words, that geek with a ribbon is definitely a real-life master or above.

Life and death, there is no hesitation.

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and went forward.

'Silent Rune Armor'!

'The wind and rain are urgent'!

'Rainstorm Pear Blossom Sword'!

'Li Huo Shen Gang'!

When Yuan Yutang made a move, he unleashed the four ultimate moves together, as if he had transformed into a humanoid weapon in an instant, fighting all directions with incomparable bravery.

Bang bang bang bang!

It was obvious that what attacked were only ordinary roots, which were stronger than steel after being blessed by the magic spell of the Ribbon Monster. Yuan Yutang spent all his time trying to chop off all those roots.

"Hahaha, interesting." The ribbon geek jokingly waited for it, "Successful in overcoming another difficulty, it is indeed a prophecy, the man of great luck who subdued the alien beast Thunder Badger is really extraordinary. "

Yuan Yutang, who was hurt and tired at first, suddenly became serious when he heard this.

Who the hell is that ribbon freak?

Why are you so familiar with yourself?

Seemingly seeing Yuan Yutang's doubts, the strange man with ribbons folded his arms and giggled strangely, "Can't you guess who this seat is? It's okay, you guessed right, we are indeed just meeting for the first time, I don't know if it happened Have you ever heard of the 'Soil Que Sanren' in the 'Four Que Laymen' of the Red Lotus Sacred Cult?"

"I heard that Mr. Lin's young master was knocked out of his wits by you, and he just didn't have time this trip, so he entrusted me to avenge him at a high price."

"Now you can die in peace, right?"

Yuan Yutang's pupils contracted uncontrollably upon hearing this.

What's more, it's the Red Lotus Sect!

Never die, right?

You think the young master is easy to bully, don't you?

Don't let yourself live, otherwise, sooner or later, this evil cult will be uprooted!

Moreover, the Red Lotus Sect and Situ Hongyi are working together, in other words, there must be Situ Hongyi's shadow behind this killing!

Damn, even if I retreat thousands of miles, I want to kill them all!

If this person is not killed, my heart will be restless!

Although Yuan Yutang figured out the truth, there was nothing he could do. The truth would not help the killing situation in front of him.

In the front, there were "soil-deficient people" blocking the way, and Naimertai was chasing after him.

If you don't find a way to escape as soon as possible, and wait until the two of them double-team, then you will die.

"Hehe, I didn't expect you to have a strong will to survive, and you still refuse to give up." 'Tu Que San Ren' pretended to joke, "You are certainly talented, but you are too ignorant. You are so young. Make enemies everywhere, remember to be a man with your tail between your legs in your next life."

"Earth killing, a thousand cuts!"

In an instant, strong mana fluctuations filled every inch of the ground, and then the ground quickly wriggled and reorganized as if melting, and countless sharp mudstone blades suddenly formed.

Yuan Yutang's heart beat violently, he felt the mortal danger.

I can't keep it any longer, let's go all out!

With an angry shout, Yuan Yutang's blood-stained Xuan-level cassock swayed and swayed by the surging magic power, and a movement of his mind triggered a vision of heaven and earth.

There was heavy rain and hurricanes.

The wind has no form, and the rain has no form.

Wind and rain help each other, which means 'calling the wind and calling the rain'!

The violent wind and torrential rain suddenly gathered together, and instantly turned into a navy blue dragon more than ten feet long, with its teeth and claws open, roaring and killing the incoming mud and stone blades.

A fierce battle is imminent! !


		