

"You dare to destroy my 'clothes', I want you to die!"

In a moment of carelessness, the ugly sutured skin was completely destroyed, and the sutured ghost image, which should be called the hungry ghost Bravasha, exposed his real body. He couldn't help being furious, and chose to take the initiative for the first time.

The thick Yin Qi erupted violently like a huge wave hitting the shore, rushing frantically towards the oncoming torrential tornado.

Yuan Yutang in the tornado sneered, two bright lights burst into his eyes, and he greeted him happily and fearlessly.

Boom!

In an instant, two terrifying energies that seemed not to belong to the world viciously collided together, setting off a terrible hurricane in an instant, forming a vacuum belt five feet away.

The first round seemed to be tied, but one person and one ghost regrouped in an instant and launched a second wave of offensive again.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, and using his mana, a reverse tornado regenerated inside, and the two tornadoes suddenly merged into one.

The next moment, a cyan dragon with teeth and claws appeared in vain, and rushed towards Borobacha with a terrifying momentum that shattered the sky.

The ultimate mystery of calling the wind and calling the rain——Healing the celestial phenomenon!

The reappearance of the ultimate ultimate move that killed the avatar of the big monster at Tongshan Pass, it can be seen that Yuan Yutang's determination to kill is firm.

The fighting power shown by Yuan Yutang made Qin Wuji and the others who watched the battle feel palpitating, and they couldn't help doubting life. Is this really the strength that a monk-level warlock can have?

The astronomical dragon has amazing killing power and is invincible, but Brahpracha is extremely arrogant, neither dodges nor dodges, and the excessively slender arms suddenly tore apart, tearing through the void in an unimaginable way.

Bang bang bang, the sound of rushing water came from the crack.

Immediately afterwards, a yellow torrent that came from nowhere suddenly gushed out of it.

The water is extremely cold, and the place where it passes seems to freeze the air, and it rushes towards the celestial dragon with the surging momentum of flooding the sky and the earth.

"Roar~"

Feeling the provocation like a living being, the Celestial Dragon let out an angry roar and accelerated its charge.

It is cumbersome to say, but it is extremely fast, and the two supernatural powers collide violently in an instant.

rumbling~

Qin Wuji and the others instinctively sensed the danger, hurriedly took Zhou Luofei and 'Brother Pingtou' who could not move, and rushed out of the house regardless of the numerous stone statues of hungry ghosts coveting outside.

Before they could run far, a terrifying air wave erupted from behind.

They didn't even have time to react, and they were blown away by the shock wave.

Qin Wuji held Zhou Luofei in his arms and turned a few somersaults in the air before falling heavily to the ground.

His face froze, and a fountain of blood spurted out when he opened his mouth, obviously hurting more and more.

Meanwhile, Zhou Luofei, who was protected by a meat pad, was safe and sound.

The rest of the warlocks were more or less injured, grinning their teeth and getting up reluctantly, looking back with panic in their eyes, a series of gasps could not help but sound.

There were no traces of the house behind him, and all he saw was a mess. There was a huge crater that was still smoking at the place where the house was before, and Yuan Yutang and Boluo Bocha were gone.

Xu Zheng, a talisman master, had one leg broken and was bleeding gurglingly. Enduring the heart-pounding pain, he limped to Qin Wuji's side, helped him up quickly, and said eagerly, "Brother, are you okay?" Right? That ghost is too fierce, we have to leave now!"

Qin Wuji handed the fainted Concubine Zhou Luo to Xu Zheng, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, shook his head and panted, "No, we can't leave Yuan Yutang alone."

"Brother!" Xu Zheng said anxiously, "We met him by accident, and we couldn't wait to meet him. How can we care about him? Let's take the princess away as soon as possible, or something will change!"

"Yuan Yutang tried his best to help us deal with Brabocha. If we leave him behind, wouldn't it be a breach of faith? No, if you want to leave, you go, I will stay and look for him!"

Qin Wuji was as determined as if he had eaten a weight and refused to leave, he insisted on saving Yuan Yutang, Xu Zheng was anxious like an ant on a hot pot, desperately persuading him.

ping ping ping...

Just as the two were arguing, there was a sudden burst of crisp iron chain breaking sounded from all directions.

Qin Wuji and Xu Zheng's expressions froze, and then in their field of vision, swellings appeared one after another in the ground covered by new soil, and then the buried stone statues of hungry ghosts burst out of the ground.

What frightened them the most was that the stone statues were covered with cracks, the iron chains that bound them were snapped, and the stone layer was peeling off rapidly.

"Aww~"

In an instant, the countless stone statues of hungry ghosts turned into living hungry ghosts, crying and howling like wild ghosts, limping towards them.

Qin Wuji's face was extremely ugly, the thing he was most worried about finally happened.

Although the breath of those petrified and revived hungry ghosts is not as good as that of Brabocha, they can't hold up too many people. Even if they stand up and let them chop, they probably won't be able to finish chopping until their hands are soft.

Xu Zheng blamed Qin Wuji's wife's benevolence in his heart. If he had retreated in time just now, nothing would have happened, and now he couldn't leave even if he wanted to.

At this time, several other warlocks also came to Qin Wuji's side, habitually waiting for Qin Wuji to make up his mind.

Qin Wuji forced himself to calm down, thought for a while, cupped his fists and said in a deep voice, "Brothers, we may not be able to get through this hurdle today. It is an honor to be brothers with you in this life. If there is an afterlife, I hope to be your big brother again! "

Everyone was silent, and after a while, they clasped their fists in return and said:

"I will still be the elder brother's brother in the next life!"

Qin Wuji laughed heartily, quite fearlessly disregarding life and death.

"Hahaha, good brother, let's have a good time!"

Just when everyone was about to go forward and desperately, there was a sudden violent vibration from the ground.

bang bang!

The next moment, two entangled figures rushed out of the giant pit.

It's Yuan Yutang and Brahmacha!

Seeing that Yuan Yutang was still alive, Qin Wuji and the others were overjoyed at first, and then their hearts sank.

Because Yuan Yutang's current situation is extremely tragic, he is covered in blood, and the 'Silent Talisman Armor' is almost broken, and his body is covered with dense bloody wounds, bleeding profusely.

On the other hand, Brahmacha was unscathed, and his aura became more and more high.

The two are judged against each other!

"Hahaha, it's fun, it's fun~" Brahmacha laughed maniacally, and the two skinny and slender arms seemed to be boneless, and they were thrown out crazily like phantoms, blasting the air with mournful wailing.

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and tried his best to block, and every time he blocked, a new wound would appear.

If this continues, he will be beaten to death!

The Brahmacha is really terrifying. They have fought for dozens of rounds in the ground just now, and they couldn't even subdue the most powerful Celestial Phenomena Dragon. Now they are in big trouble.

"Roar!"

Yuan Yutang yelled sharply, and the broken 'Silent Talisman Armor' suddenly exploded, Boluo Bocha was caught off guard by the explosion and staggered, flying dozens of feet away.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Yuan Yutang hurriedly fled.

It wasn't until he returned to Qin Wuji's side that he heaved a sigh of relief.

"Little brother, are you alright?" Qin Wuji asked with concern.

Although the first meeting was a little unpleasant, Yuan Yutang's strength and courage have already convinced these unruly warlocks.

After all, not everyone has the courage to challenge the legendary Hungry Ghost Brabocha one-on-one.

Yuan Yutang's chest rose and fell violently, panting heavily and said hurriedly, "I'm fine, to make a long story short, that hungry ghost is too strong, even if all of us join forces, we can't defeat it..."

As soon as these words came out, Qin Wuji and the others all felt their hearts skip a beat.

If Brahmacha couldn't even match them together, wouldn't it be dead?

"But, I still have a way..."

Soon Yuan Yutang kept throwing out hope without surprise.

"What way?" Qin Wuji asked urgently.

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly, and said with some lack of confidence, "I don't know how to explain it, but in my opinion, it's the only way. If you believe me, give it a try. If you don't believe me, let's walk the road to hell together."

Although the surrounding hungry ghosts moved slowly, their distance was limited, and they were still approaching after all.

And the most terrible thing is that the Brahmacha that was blown away by Yuan Yutang has already flown back, ready to fly.

Qin Wuji and the others looked at each other a few times, years of tacit understanding allowed them to see the meaning of each other's eyes.

Soon, Qin Wuji clasped his fists and said in a deep voice, "We are willing to believe in you, even if we fail, we will never complain."

Feeling the unreserved trust of several people, Yuan Yutang was relieved, but also felt a lot of pressure.

Nodding his head, Yuan Yutang said solemnly, "Since that's the case, then I'll say it."

"I need you to drag Brahmacha, no matter what method you use, you must persist until I come back!"

"If it goes well, about half a stick of incense is enough!"

"If you can't persist until I come back, then everyone will die, remember!"

After saying that, Yuan Yutang leaped high and charged into the crowd of hungry ghosts.

As soon as he entered, Yuan Yutang began a bloody slaughter like a tiger entering a herd of sheep.

When Brahmacha, who had gone back and forth, saw Yuan Yutang, he enthusiastically wanted to fight him again.

Seeing this, Qin Wuji gritted his teeth, mobilized all the mana remaining in his body, and slammed towards Boluo Pocha.

The rest of the warlocks hesitated for a moment, and soon followed with firm eyes, leaving only one person to take care of Zhou Luofei and 'Brother Pingtou'.

"Ghost animal, eat grandpa's sword!"

Qin Wuji's eyes were about to burst, he squeezed the sword formula, and the pocket flying sword instantly turned into a red light, stabbing at Poluobocha like thunder.

Brahprakha frowned impatiently and turned his head. Suddenly, a wall fell from the sky, barely blocking the incoming flying sword piercing.

"Pfft~"

The flying sword was blocked, and immediately ate back at the host, Qin Wuji suddenly spewed out a big mouthful of blood.

Xu Zheng, a talisman master who was a little slower, stared at the wall that appeared out of thin air, and shouted in horror, "This, this is the sin shield wall, the legendary supernatural power of the Hungry Ghost King? How is it possible?"

In the midst of horror, a tall and thick man passed Xu Zheng, and shouted without turning his head, "Now is not the time to be messy, no matter whether it is a hungry ghost king or not, I just know that if it doesn't die, we will die!"

The burly man suddenly took a deep breath, his chest swelled unbelievably high, and then he opened his mouth suddenly, and a frightening sound wave burst out like a substance.

"Roar~"

This sound is like a lion king roaring in the forest. It has the magic of shaking the deaf and deafening, shaping the righteousness and warding off evil spirits.

It is the most upright voice of Buddhism, the roar of the Buddha lion!


		