

August eleventh.

There is a watermelon stall beside the official road at the junction of Tangzhou and Liangzhou.

The stall owner is a rare old man, who is lying on a rocking chair in the melon shed to enjoy the cool and have a rest.

At this time, the sun was shining brightly in the sky, and the heat was so scorching that the air rippled.

At noon, there were probably no passengers passing by to buy melons, so the old man simply covered his head and fell asleep.

Recently, the official road is not peaceful. It is heard that there is something evil. In the past half month, more than 20 people have disappeared without any reason.

The world is already in decline, and all schemes are depressed. If there is such a disturbance, how can this make the old man who relies on selling melons to make a living feel so embarrassed?

The old man was so worried about this that he pulled out several beards.

This way of being a bitch and a thief doesn't give ordinary people a way out at all.

Alas, so what if you complain any more, don't you have to go on with your life?

As a mediocre person, is it possible that I can still fight against the heavens?

No matter how hard and tired you are, you still have to endure it forever.

If I had known that my life would be so hard, I wouldn't have given birth to that human fetus.

Thinking about it, the old man lost all sleepiness, turned over and sat up looking at the shed full of watermelons that were about to ripen, and couldn't help but feel more worried.

While he was worrying, out of the corner of his eye, he suddenly saw a man and a horse slowly walking towards the end of the official road, and there was a strange little beast squatting on the horse's head.

The old man was a little dazed because he didn't see anyone passing by all morning. When he came back to his senses, the man was already sitting on the bench specially prepared for passengers to rest their feet.

When there was business coming, the old man put on a sweat towel and greeted him with a smile on his face, "Hey, young master, you must be exhausted from travel and dust. Would you like a big watermelon to relieve the heat?"

Yuan Yutang smiled and nodded, "The sun is hot, I can eat melons to relieve summer heat, and I know my life well, please ask the store to pick a big one for me."

After the business was completed, the old man trotted to pick melons, and he couldn't stop flattering him, "My son's export is a success, it must be the world's literary stars. I am not an old man, I am boasting, last time there was a scholar who ate melons at the old man's place." , guess what happened later? I was ranked second in high school back then, and now I don’t forget to ask someone to sing for the old man during the holidays~”

Yuan Yutang quietly listened to the old man's eloquent nonsense, and did not make any comments.

Soon, a large plate full of red-seed black, sweet and tangy watermelon was placed in front of Yuan Yutang.

At some point, 'Brother Pingtou' had jumped onto the four-corner table, staring at the watermelon eagerly.

It was a hot day, and he was sweating profusely when he moved a little, and the old man was sweating profusely, waiting for Yuan Yutang to praise the good melons he produced.

But the strange thing is that although Yuan Yutang showed his heartbeat, he remained as still as a mountain.

Even the most greedy 'Brother Flathead' in his daily life was just drooling with his paws in his mouth, without any intention of mouthing.

Seeing this, the old man thought there was something wrong, so he quickly explained, "Master, but this melon is not to your liking? It's okay, the old man has a lot of good melons here, and I will exchange them until you are satisfied?"

At this moment, Yuan Yutang suddenly said something that made the old man puzzled:

"Shopkeeper, is your melon ripe?"

The old man was stunned by Yuan Yutang's question.

The watermelon slices on the table are juicy, sweet and crispy, refreshing and quenching thirst. Is there any reason why they are not cooked?

Didn't this young man deliberately find fault?

Thinking of this, the old man couldn't help but turn cold, picked up the watermelon knife, and said in a bad tone, "Young master, the old man's business is all based on his conscience, and he never deceives customers with raw melons. If you really want to eat melons, the old man will definitely Change until you are satisfied, but if you want to find something, the old man is not afraid of you!"

Yuan Yutang cheerfully waved his hands to indicate that he had no malicious intentions, "Haha, don't worry about the store, I'm just making a joke when I see the atmosphere is dull, don't take offense."

The old man snorted unhappily, but still did not put down the watermelon knife in his hand.

Yuan Yutang picked up a piece of watermelon, looked it up and down, and suddenly said with a smile, "Shopkeeper, have you heard of the 'human race'?"

The old man's pupils shrank suddenly when he heard the words, and he was quickly covered up. He sternly cursed, "What kind of 'human race', the old man has never heard of it. Do you want to eat melons? If you don't, please leave, here You are not welcome!"

Yuan Yutang ignored the threat of the old man, and continued with a half-smile, "I heard that in recent years, there has been a monster in Jiangnan Road, known as the old man who specializes in abducting innocent people, using people as crops, and cultivating that kind of people who are against nature and reason." Fa', often appearing as an old melon seller, if any unlucky ghost eats his evil melons, he will be transferred to karma and sin, and will die suddenly within a day."

"Half a year ago, Sanmao, the leader of the Taoist sect in the south of the Yangtze River, dispatched three major protectors to encircle and suppress this Liao. It's a pity that the old man is very good and treacherous. He miraculously escaped from the encirclement, and then disappeared."

"Shopkeeper, do you know that kind of person?"

As soon as this remark came out, there was no sound from all around.

The sullenness on the old man's face disappeared strangely, and his cloudy old eyes were abnormally cold, which were not the eyes that should be in the eyes of seventy-seven years old.

Putting down the watermelon knife, which was more intimidating than practical, the old man sat across from Yuan Yutang, took a piece of watermelon and stuffed it into his mouth, gnawed until the juice dripped down, and snored loudly.

Yuan Yutang watched quietly.

Soon a large piece of watermelon was eaten up by the old man, he burped comfortably, and said inexplicably, "This melon is sweet and moist, it can satisfy your stomach and quench your thirst. If you say that, some people insist on eating watermelon in eggs." What about picking bones?"

With a faint sigh, the old man stood up with a sigh, his figure suddenly stood upright like a mountain, exuding a breathtaking aura all over his body, he stared at Yuan Yutang coldly and said:

"The melon born on the ground is the original sin, and it deserves to be picked and eaten."

"If you are alive, if you meddle in your own business, you deserve to be killed."

"Young master, tell me, is the old man's words justified?"

Yuan Yutang chuckled, and calmly exploded with momentum, confronting the old man tit for tat.

"The shop owner has learned the lesson, but as a human being, if you abandon even the most basic human nature, what's the use of keeping it?"

"Well, that's right, there are a few things, no wonder you dare to meddle in my business." The old man nodded in praise blankly, then suddenly changed the subject and growled murderously, "But you know that the price of meddling in my business is bloodshed !"

Suddenly, a strong gust of wind broke out in the simple melon shed.

With a creak, the four pillars supporting the ceiling groaned and broke, and the whole shed collapsed.

The dry grass flew wildly, the dust rose, and two figures flew out from the wreckage of the melon shed.

Yuan Yutang hugged 'Brother Pingtou' and landed safely, as stable as Mount Tai, with an indescribably unrestrained composure.

The old man on the other side stood still like he was drunk, and took three steps back to stabilize his figure.

"Oh, I didn't expect you to have such brute force at such a young age. It's not an exaggeration to call it a genius." The old man's face was livid, and if you look closely, you can find that his right fist is swollen and purple, trembling unceasingly, it is impressively shattering Manifestations of fracture.

The enemy's praise, Yuan Yutang accepted it calmly, and directly revealed the old man's true intentions, "Don't sneak back to heal your wounds, I can wait for you, my lord. Feel free to use any tricks you have, or don't sue the king of hell when you go down to the underworld. Said that I bullied the old, the weak, the sick and the disabled."

Monsters also have self-esteem, obviously Yuan Yutang's words about old, weak, sick and disabled completely angered the old man.

"Put your mother's shit on!"

The old man cursed ferociously, quickly signed the seal with both hands, and the surging magic power erupted like a mountain torrent.

"I want to kill Lao Tzu, I'm afraid you don't have the ability!"

"Urgent as a law, vines, bundle!"

Suddenly, seven or eight green vines suddenly emerged from Yuan Yutang's feet, and they grew in the wind, binding him tightly like lightning.

The cane was extremely tough, and had sharp barbs, as soon as it touched it, it tightened rapidly, as if it wanted to prick Yuan Yutang into a hornet's nest.

In the blink of an eye, the delicate moon-white robe on Yuan Yutang's body suddenly burst into soft light. It looked weak, but it still blocked the invasion of barbs.

"What? You actually have a mysterious robe to protect your body?"

The old man, it should be exactly the kind of old man who was frustrated in his first attack, said with a startled voice.

That's right, this is the magic function of the magic robe of the defensive magic weapon. It is invulnerable to water and fire, invulnerable to weapons and guns, and the mere magic of vines is not enough to cause trouble.

Yuan Yutang calmly let the vines restrain him, and smiled conceitedly, "I've said it all, you're welcome, look at this, please make it harder, I can still bear it."

When the old man heard the words, his face turned as dark as the bottom of a pot, so he didn't want to blow himself up.

He has seen madmen, but he has never seen one as arrogant as Yuan Yutang.

Simply ignore him!

It is tolerable or unbearable!

The cautious old man originally had three points of strength to prepare to escape at any time, but now he was so angry that he couldn't hold it back, and immediately attacked with all his strength.

"Ecstasy Flying Leaf Formation!"

“Evil Devil Steak!”

"Man-eating Bone Flower!"

Unleashing three tricks in one breath, the furious old man wanted to kill Yuan Yutang, an inappropriate upright man, at all costs!

In an instant, the wind and cloud changed color, and the sun was covered by sand and dust.

Dead leaves fell like rain out of thin air, whistling and whirling like knives.

Devil-like rhizomes with bloody mouths and thorns popped out of the turbulent cracks in the ground.

A strange flower bone flower was hidden in it, and it bloomed suddenly. It was a huge piranha flower made of white bones.

Surrounded by heavy siege, Yuan Yutang's face remained unchanged, his luck was shaken, and the vine as tough as steel snapped off.

The next moment, I saw him swaying and disappearing without a trace.

When he reappeared, he suddenly appeared behind the old man, with a ball of dripping blood still dancing in his hand.

In Xumijian, the whirling dead leaves decay, the stems and thorns wither, and the giant flowers wither.

The old man looked down at his chest in disbelief, where a bloody transparent hole appeared shockingly.

Rolling his eyeballs, the old man fell to the ground full of unwillingness and doubts, dying of breath.

For several years in the south of the Yangtze River, the old man of the demon race who had escaped from the three major protectors of the Sanmao Sect was unexpectedly killed by Yuan Yutang in a single move in the wilderness.

Yuan Yutang threw away the lump of blood and flesh casually, then bent down and pulled up his trouser legs, and took off two strange talismans that looked like galloping horses.

This is the Shenxing Jiama Talisman, which can travel thousands of miles a day, and can also act as a short-range super accelerator. It is one of Yuan Yutang's latest killers.

Feeling the heat in his chest, Yuan Yutang took out the ancient book "Secret Technique of Tiangang".

Sure enough, as he expected, this trip was not in vain, and there was an extra page of records on it:

[At the beginning of the autumn of the seventeenth year of Taikang in the Great Xia Dynasty, killing demons, adding five merits...]

Hee hee, the merits and virtues are recorded in the account, and it takes no effort to get them, so happy.


		