

"Roar~"

The deafening and terrifying dragon chant resounded through the sky.

The navy-blue giant dragon in harmony with the sky is unstoppable, with extremely powerful power in every move and every move. The huge dragon tail swung suddenly, and a large piece of mud and stone blades flew away like sweeping thousands of troops.

However, the blades of mud and stone seemed to be endless, and just now they swept away, and immediately replenished from the ground, like locusts covering the sun, shooting away continuously.

In an instant, as if in a stalemate, the two sides fell into a stalemate.

Suddenly, a group of dark clouds floated inexplicably in the sky.

A closer look reveals that there are no dark clouds, but a strangely large picture scroll.

As soon as the picture scroll was unfolded, it seemed to cover the sky and the sun, and suddenly the navy blue dragon that was pinned down by the blade of the mudstone was drawn into it.

'Tu Que Sanren' looked unhesitating when he saw this, and snorted coldly, "A bastard who doesn't understand the rules, dare to move even my prey?"

At this time, a well-dressed, handsome young man dressed as a scholar walked out from behind the tree on the hillside, holding a brush in one hand and paper in the other, drawing while walking, indescribably chic and freehand.

Hearing the cursing of 'Tuque Sanren', the handsome scholar laughed loudly, "Well, you old ghost Shique, you can snatch this prey, but I can't snatch it?"

'Tu Que San Ren' sneered, "I will not engage in verbal disputes with despicable people."

"Hahaha, it's useless to talk too much, I'll see the truth!" The handsome scholar laughed loudly, splashing his ink.

Just when the two thought that the overall situation had been decided.

suddenly.

A crack suddenly appeared on the huge picture scroll in which the navy blue dragon was involved.

Then there were more and more cracks, and endless wind and rain seeped out of the cracks. In an instant, the wind and rain intertwined, and the clouds drooped, just like the end of a natural disaster.

The handsome scholar stopped painting in astonishment, and said in disbelief, "How is it possible? A mere monk-level warlock can break my 'Dementor' painting?"

Seeing that his old enemy was deflated, 'Tu Qu San Ren' couldn't help but gloated and laughed, "Hahaha, magic painting scholar, don't you claim that 'once a dementor painting is created, everything in the world will be accepted', why are you even a little warlock today? Can't get stuck? Could it be that you forgot to ask your mother to breastfeed when you went out?"

In Tianshui Road, there is an owl of the magic way, named the scholar of magic painting, who has practiced the unique magic art "Magic Painting Treasure Mirror". Turning skin into paper, he mutilated the living beings to refine the ninety-nine and eighty-one volumes of the 'Dementor's Painting', claiming that nothing would not be collected, and the cruelty was no longer human, but animals.

Unexpectedly, the handsome scholar in front of him is actually a demon who has long been in the top 100 list of murderers in the world issued by the Magic Division of Daxia Town.

What was even more unexpected was that the "Dementor Demon Painting" on which the magic painting scholar became famous could not trap Yuan Yutang, a mad dragon.

Click!

The 'Dementor's Painting', which was already riddled with holes, suddenly made a loud noise like glass shattering. After all, it couldn't bear the tension inside, and suddenly shattered into countless pieces.

"Roar!!"

A dragon's chant containing endless anger shocked thousands of miles, and a winding dragon shadow was looming in the wind and rain, and the terrifying coercion like a collapsed mountain filled every inch of space.

The two demons who were joking at first immediately looked serious.

"The younger generation is awesome. There hasn't been such a stunning young genius in China for many years. If he is allowed to continue to grow, wouldn't he be like a copy of Zhuge Tianji from more than 300 years ago, and will overwhelm all the heroes in the world in the future?" 'Tuque Sanren' couldn't hold back the horror in his heart, and couldn't help but sigh with emotion.

As for the magic painting scholar, his face was gloomy, and his heart was full of embarrassment.

You must know that if the 'Dementor's Painting' was broken, it would undoubtedly be to slap him in the face in public. If it gets out, wouldn't it be safe at the end of the day?

Originally, he was only holding the mentality of playing games, but now he has a murderous heart, and he seems to regard Yuan Yutang as an enemy that must be killed.


Yuan Yutang, who was in the midst of the soaring dragon, was full of fear of escaping death.

When he was involved in the 'Dementor's Painting' just now, he once thought he was going to die.

The interior of the "Dementor Demon Painting" is like a hell, where many unjust dead souls are imprisoned, and the ubiquitous dementor sound affects the mind and disturbs its mind.

If it hadn't been for the ancient book "Secret Technique of Tiangang" to show its power at a critical moment to help him stabilize his mind and break out of the prison, he might become one of the thousands of dead souls.

After the rest of his life, he also figured out the situation.

Right now, neither of the two major monsters is an opponent, let alone the two have the intention of joining forces.

And there is also the peerless murderer Naimertai who may come at any time.

If you don't escape at this time, there will be no way to escape when the three of them form a siege.

Thinking of this, a ray of determination flashed across Yuan Yutang's eyes.

With the decision made and the magic power surging, each scale of the navy blue dragon suddenly burst into a majestic light, as if turning the clouds to see the sun, instantly dispelling the boundless wind and rain, like a bright sun hanging in the last darkness before dawn.

When the brilliance was at its strongest, the bright sun exploded with a bang.

rumbling~

As if the sky had been smashed down, endless strong winds swept all directions, and an exaggerated mushroom-shaped air wave tens of feet high suddenly rose.

Caught off guard, the scholar who is stronger than the magic painting and the "earth lacking scattered people" were all blown away.

Yuan Yutang also retreated rapidly in this Jedi outbreak.

It's just that he did it on purpose.

There is no way, the situation is stronger than the people, and if you want to temporarily block the pursuit, you can only take risks with soldiers.

Even if the self-detonation of the celestial phenomenon dragon will cause serious injuries, it is better than dying at the hands of the monster.

With this retreat, he retreated nearly a mile away.

After landing, Yuan Yutang was bleeding from seven holes, and he didn't care about healing, so he poured all the remaining mana into the Shenxing Jiama Talisman on his feet, and fled at full speed.

The big news that the celestial dragon exploded will definitely attract Naimertai, and there is not much time left for him to escape.

The mountain road is rugged, blocked by branches, grass and vines along the way, and it was Yuan Yutang who opened the way first, walking on thin ice every step.

He was seriously injured, and he focused all his attention on controlling the direction, and didn't dare to turn around to see if the enemy was catching up.

Otherwise, if one accidentally bumps into a big tree during high-speed movement, it is likely to be smashed to pieces.

The sun rises slowly from the end of the mountains in the east, and the warm sunlight that nourishes all things spreads over the earth.

The day is approaching, but Yuan Yutang is full of bitterness.

Losing the cover of night, the possibility of breaking out is reduced by a few points.

Could it be that God is going to kill me?

Gritting his teeth, Yuan Yutang hurriedly put aside the distracting thoughts that affected his mind.

Suddenly, there was a sudden sound of breaking through the air behind him.

Yuan Yutang's spirit was tense, and he caught something strange in advance, so he quickly moved sideways on the spot.

Immediately after hearing a muffled puff, there was an extra arrow that hit the ground where he was just now, and the tail was like a heavy arrow dangling wildly.

Although he successfully avoided the cold arrow attack, Yuan Yutang lost his balance because of this. He swayed left and right like a car out of control, and hit a big tree like a drunk.

Boom!

Falling leaves were like rain, Yuan Yutang let out a big mouthful of blood after whimpering, and then fell heavily on the ground.

Opening his eyes with difficulty, he felt a chill when he saw the heavy arrow stuck in the ground.

He is very familiar with this thing, and he almost died here many times at Tongshan Pass.

Isn't this the armor-piercing heavy arrow that comes standard with the Golden Armored Baya La soldiers, the strongest ace troop of the wolf clan?

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang wailed in his heart.

Sure enough, the sound of horseshoes sounded quickly in the woods, and a group of more than a dozen golden armored warriors with swords and bows came out one after another.

It's normal to think about it, a skinny camel is bigger than a horse, Naimertai was once expensive as a Taiji, even if he loses power now, it is absolutely impossible not to have a confidant and diehard loyalist.

Even he, Datai Ji, has personally launched a horse, how could he lose the golden armored Ba Yala soldiers?

However, the appearance of the golden-armored Baya soldiers was like the last straw that broke the camel's back for Yuan Yutang.

His mana was exhausted, and he escaped with a single breath of selflessness just now, but now that he let out his breath, he was seriously injured and his whole body hurt like a knife.

Not to mention getting up and running for his life, even moving a finger is already an extravagant wish for him.

Yuan Yutang, who was weak and lying on the ground, watched in despair as the group of golden armored Ba Yala soldiers slowly surrounded him, his heart was filled with bitterness.

After going through untold hardships to come to the present, is my journey of rebirth coming to an end?

Yuan Yutang was full of unwillingness.

But what if you are unwilling?

Barring a miracle, he will be doomed.

More than a dozen golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers were already approaching, and everyone was expressionless, with deep-seated hatred in their eyes.

They all knew that the reason why the Tushan tribe was reduced to the present field was all because of this damn Nanman boy in front of them.

If it wasn't for the Lord's order to keep him alive, they would have been unable to hold back and wanted to chop Yuan Yutang into pieces.

A soldier leader with a scarred face and gold armor was waiting to order Yuan Yutang to be restrained.

Sudden mutation.

I saw a thunderbolt and a scarlet lightning suddenly passing through the woods.

"Hey, hey!"

"The law of the law~~"

Yuan Yutang was shocked when he heard the sound, looked up in disbelief, and was instantly dazzled by surprise.

The thunder flew into the formation of the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers as if they were alive, and immediately saw them stagnate in the air.

After a breath, the thunder light became disordered, and dozens of electric snakes suddenly hit the golden armored Ba Yala soldiers.

"Ah~"

"Uh~"

"Xi Lv~"

In an instant, there were screams one after another, and then there was the sound of countless heavy objects falling to the ground.

All wolf tribe warriors who can become Golden Armored Ba Yala Soldiers have martial arts equivalent to the level of monks. Logically speaking, those electric snakes should not be able to seriously injure them.

Coincidentally, the golden-armored Baya soldiers were all wearing heavy armor at this time. The conductivity of the metal magnified the lethality of the electric snake, and directly paralyzed the group of golden-armored Baya soldiers, including their horses and men. It is estimated that it will not be possible to resume action in a while.

Lei Ting, who rescued the scene like a divine soldier from heaven, floated in front of Yuan Yutang after completing his mission.

Who else could it be if it wasn't Thunder Badger, the 'Brother Flathead'?

'Brother Pingtou' stared at the dying Yuan Yutang with peased eyes full of heartache, and at the same time he didn't forget to bite a few mouthfuls of the peach held in his little paws.

Yuan Yutang was both surprised and delighted, just as he was about to say something, that red lightning flashed one after another.

Immediately afterwards, he felt his body being lifted up, and then moved quickly.

Unexpectedly, it was Uncle Chitu who came to rescue him.

Lying on Chitu's familiar generous back, from hell to heaven, Yuan Yutang felt inexplicably at ease.


		