

Obsession is the state most feared by all warlocks, ranging from severe damage to cultivation base to death in severe cases.

Evil warlocks are in pursuit of quick success, and the exercises they practice are often accompanied by huge sequelae, and the foundation is not solid. Once they go crazy, the end will be more than ten times worse than that of righteous warlocks.

The soil-deficient scattered people are the best example.

The inner demon corroded and became obsessed, and now he has completely broken away from the human category, so it is not surprising to call him a demon.


"Roar~"

Earth Queer Sanren, no, it should be said that the Earth Demon roared to the sky, and a terrifying demonic energy rushed into the night like a hurricane erupted, forcibly opening up a blank area under the violent storm.

No matter whether it was Yuan Yutang or Dubutong and Naimertai who were fighting fiercely, they all felt their hearts sink, and a huge pressure rushed to their faces.

After being insane, the earth demon does not recognize his relatives, but he doesn't care about his companions or not. All living things that enter his vision are his hunting targets.

Especially Yuan Yutang, who faced the earth demon directly, his scalp was numb.

He had just recovered his mana, but he did not expect to encounter such a difficult situation that he hadn't seen in ten years.

It's useless to think too much, no matter what, the earth demon still has to face it.

With a thought in Yuan Yutang's mind, a large group of entangled wind and rain was instantly compressed into a ball, and the wind and rain rushed towards the earth demon.

I don't know what the earth demon was thinking, he didn't hide or dodge, and let the wind and rain hit him hard.

boom~

Like the scene bombarded head-on by flowering bombs, a large wave of air was set off.

However, after the turmoil subsided, Yuan Yutang was surprised to find that the earth demon was unscathed.

This is outrageous.

Although it has been known for a long time that the strength of Tu Que scattered people will increase dramatically after degenerating into demons, they did not expect such an exaggeration.

The wind and rain that Yuan Yutang seemed to condense casually were no less powerful than usual full blows, not to mention flesh and blood, even if it was a boulder hugged by two people, it would be smashed to pieces.

Unexpectedly, the earth demon took a blow without pain or itching.

The earth demon seemed to be still getting used to the new demonized giant, and did not attack Yuan Yutang immediately.

But Yuan Yutang knew.

Can't let him go on!

Otherwise, once he completely controls the new body, disaster will be imminent!

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang no longer held back any more, he focused on controlling the two-mile-wide wind and rain, and his whole body seemed to melt into the wind and rain.

The wind is impermanent, and the rain has no phase.

Wind and rain help each other, invisible and invisible.

Domineering winds and downpours merged, and the long-lost storm and tornado reappeared.

Call the wind and rain, the celestial phenomena are in harmony!

"Yin~"

The majestic celestial giant dragon emerges from the tornado!

The dragon's chant shook the sky, but unexpectedly, the dragon veins on the suppressed mountain rioted, and the deafening dragon chant echoed one after another.

The amazing thing is that the astronomical giant dragon seems to be inspired by the dragon veins, and it becomes stronger at a speed visible to the naked eye. Not only the body is more solid, but the size also increases a bit.

It's a pity that the nine-day reincarnation disk does not allow such chaos to appear, and the Youlan Divine Light shakes, and under the suppression of Lawless Heaven and Earth, the riotous dragon veins suddenly calm down.

Yuan Yutang, who was at the core of the astronomical giant dragon, couldn't help but secretly said that it's a pity.

However, while the helpless world suppressed the dragon veins, he clearly felt that the effect of 'Returning Yang Blood' seemed to be a little weaker.

I don't know when the 'Returning Yang Blood' will fail, so we have to hurry up and get rid of the earth demons!

The astronomical giant dragon circled in the sky, and immediately rushed towards Daili with momentum like a rainbow.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The earth demons in place left.

The earth demon suddenly opened its two fist-sized bloody eyes, and without seeing him move, the ground two feet away in front of it trembled as if alive, and then seven or eight soil masts with a thickness of five feet rose up side by side. .

It was too late and then it was too fast, the giant dragon of the sky phenomenon smashed into the earth wall like a bulldozer.

rumbling~

The astronomical giant dragon is not what it used to be today, smashing through the earth wall like a bamboo, smashing into the yellow dragon.

As soon as the last earth wall was smashed, a giant hand wrapped around the rock suddenly stretched out, grabbing the horn of the astronomical giant dragon like lightning.

Yuan Yutang was startled immediately, and an incomparable force came immediately, and the next moment he felt his world spinning.

rumbling~

The earth demon actually overturned the huge celestial dragon to the ground with one hand, and smashed a big hole in the ground. The terrifying power is simply shocking.

Before it was over, the earth demon suddenly turned over and sat on the neck of the astronomical giant dragon. The broken ground below suddenly solidified, directly locking the astronomical dragon's movements, and the other giant hand also wrapped around a horn.

Immediately leaning back, a sharp roar erupted, and the two giant arms angrily exerted force left and right.

"Howling~"

Under the unparalleled terrifying tearing force, the condensed head of the astronomical giant dragon was torn apart alive shockingly.

bouncing bouncing~

Amid the tearing sound like a steel bar snapping, the two sides of the astronomical giant dragon were torn apart, exposing Yuan Yutang who was inside the dragon's body.

Faced with such an incredible situation, Yuan Yutang didn't dare to hesitate, and slipped away like the wind under his feet.

Just half a zhang back, suddenly a huge stone pillar rose from the ground, blocking Yuan Yutang's way strangely.

Yuan Yutang was taken aback, and hurriedly turned around.

Boom, boom, boom~

Unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, the ground with a radius of ten feet rang violently, and dozens of stone pillars sprung out of the ground like mushrooms after rain, completely locking Yuan Yutang's direction of action.

After Yuan Yutang was trapped, he suddenly closed to form a seamless stone cage.


Both Naimertai and Naimertai, who were fighting fiercely not far away, were attracted by the terrifying movement, and stopped their confrontation involuntarily.

When Naimertai saw Yuan Yutang trapped, he immediately became very anxious, and he rushed to rescue him, ignoring the entanglement of the boy.

The instinct of 'digging can't get through' wants to drive Dasheng Boy to stop it.

Naimertai had a good insight into his intentions, and ran ahead and roared, "Old dog, think about it with your head on the buttocks, can you guarantee that you can deal with that devil alone after Yuan Yutang and I die? That's a madman who doesn't recognize his relatives!"

'Unable to dig' was like a blow to the head, and he was immediately alert.

That's right, Tuque Sanren has fallen into the devil's way. If Yuan Yutang is killed, he will definitely turn his guns to deal with himself and Naimertai.

Although he was escorted by a boy who had been killed, he was confident that he would live longer than Naimertai.

But after that?

Isolate and helpless to fight against the earth demon alone?

Isn't that life and death?

All of a sudden, he broke out in a cold sweat when he couldn't dig it out.

Seeing that he had figured it out, Namur Taiga tried his best to bewitch him, "Why are you still hesitating? Now we are all on the same boat, if one of them dies, the remaining two will not survive!"

"If you think you have the ability to protect yourself, then you have the right to fart as labor and capital... If not, why don't you do it?"

'Unable to dig' only hesitated for a few breaths, and then came to a conclusion.

Loose practitioners like them have the coldest nature

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, The famous saying that a dead Taoist friend never dies a poor Taoist is regarded as a standard by them.

For the sake of my own life, all shit companions are fucked!

"Hurry up like a law, beat a child, go kill it!"

After receiving the new order, Dasheng Tongzi was confused for a moment, and soon became mad. He gave up chasing Naim Ertai and rushed to the earth demon who was about to kill Yuan Yutang.

Although Naimertai set off first, Dashengtongzi could jump in space regardless of the distance, and arrived first, jumping on the earth demon with his teeth and claws open, and gnawed with his mouth open.

Kaka~

The thick rocky skin on the earth demon's body was as fragile as a bean under the sharp teeth of a boy who was born, and it was crunchy with every bite, and a big hole was gnawed out immediately.

Sensing that the annoying fly on his body might hurt him, the earth demon instinctively gave up killing the trapped Yuan Yutang first, and grabbed the Dasheng boy who was gnawing on his back with his backhand.

The Dasheng boy was more nimble than a monkey, and when he turned over, he was able to jump from the attacking giant's hand to the earth demon's waist, and there was another burst of crackling and gnawing.

At this time, Naimertai also slapped his horse to kill him, and without saying a word, he stimulated his blood, like a giant elephant in heat, and punched fiercely at the tightly-sealed stone cage.

"Fist of the Hundred Beasts" - Fragrant Elephant Impact!

boom~

The stone prison cage was covered with cobweb-like cracks in an instant, and Yuan Yutang inside noticed something strange, and hurriedly blasted vigorously.

Under the attack from both inside and outside, the stone prison finally couldn't bear to collapse.

Among the flying gravel, Yuan Yutang rushed out with lingering fear, looking at Naimertai who was waiting in full force, and was a little speechless.

To be honest, being rescued by the enemy was the first time he encountered such a thing, and he didn't know how to face Naimertai for a while.

Naimertai, who was as cunning as a fox, saw Yuan Yutang's psychological activities in an instant, and couldn't help but smile, "Little devil, don't get me wrong! Labor and capital saved you for self-protection, and the deep hatred between you and me can be put aside for now!"

Yuan Yutang breathed a sigh of relief when he heard the words, and hurriedly asked, "What should we do now?"

Naimertai sneered and replied, "The strength of the demon is almost as good as that of a human immortal. If the true spirit of labor and capital is still there, of course there will be no danger, but you also know the real situation."

"So, if you don't want to die, you have to fight to the death!"

Yuan Yutang was inexplicably infected by Naimertai's arrogance, and his depressed fighting spirit was rekindled.

He doesn't want to be looked down upon by Naimertai!

Although the supernatural powers of beating a child were strange and caused a lot of damage to the earth demon in a short period of time, anyone with a discerning eye could see that the damage was not painful at all to the rough-skinned and thick-skinned earth demon.

And the earth demon seemed to have gradually figured out the law of Dashengtong's jumping supernatural powers, and the offensive wave after wave, suppressed Dashengtong so much that he couldn't lift his head.

The life of the ghost servant is the same as that of the master, and if you are frustrated in beating a child, the pressure will also be fed back to the 'Dig Butong'.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang and the two of them were still watching the play leisurely, he couldn't help but get angry and cursed, "When do you want to see it again? What the hell? Let's go, I don't care!"

In fact, Yuan Yutang and the two are not just watching a show, they are actually trying their best to analyze the possible loopholes of the earth demon and formulate a feasible plan.

But seeing that the 'unable to dig' could not hold on any longer, he had no choice but to make a move.

In view of this, Naimertai's muscles and bones groaned, and he laughed with pride, "Little devil, I didn't expect that labor and management would join forces with you to fight against the enemy one day. Life is like a play!"

Yuan Yutang shook his head helplessly.

He didn't expect such a day to come, and he had to lament the wonder and impermanence of the world.

The two looked at each other and smiled, as if they had developed a tacit understanding over the years, they went to kill the earth demon separately.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		