

After entering the bronze gate, Yuan Yutang felt very strange.

As soon as you enter, the surrounding scenery is like a wrinkled lake, which gradually becomes distorted and blurred, as if passing through a heavy water curtain.

Then……

He literally fell into the water.

poof~

"Ah~"

In the splash of water several feet high, the cold and salty water suddenly poured into his seven holes, instantly choking him to turn blue.

Before he had time to think about it, under the suffocation that was coming, Yuan Yutang desperately paved the water and went upstream.

After half a minute.

"Ha~"

Yuan Yutang broke through the water and greedily took in fresh air, his heart beating wildly.

Looking around in a daze, he was suddenly startled.

I saw that the sky was dim, and all I could see was the endless horizontal line, and the sound of rushing waves was endless, as if I was in the deep sea of ​​the big lake.

No, in fact he is in an unknown sea.

What, what is going on here?

Why did I suddenly fall into the water?

What about the secret realm of Tianmen Pavilion?

Why can't even see a shadow?

Panting heavily, Yuan Yutang tried his best to calm down the shock and forced himself to calm down.

Regardless of other things for the time being, the top priority is to go ashore as soon as possible.

God knows what the hell is in the water.

Compared with land, his combat effectiveness in water is at least a few discounted.

It's also thanks to his girlfriend's love of swimming and fitness in his previous life, which also allowed him to develop good water skills, so that he wouldn't drown in the water before he finished his training.

Just when he moved, he suddenly realized that something was wrong.

Huh?

Why do you feel the emptiness in your body, as if the mana is gone?

Is it an illusion?

Yuan Yutang didn't dare to hesitate, and immediately stepped on the water to maintain his balance, silently recited the mantra, raised his hand and snapped his fingers.

Under normal circumstances, the aura of heaven and earth would be drawn by his mana, thus condensing a cluster of pure yangli fire.

But now!

Except for the snapping of the fingers itself, there is not a single hair.

Yuan Yutang's face became extremely livid, and his eyes were full of astonishment.

What, what the hell is going on?

Where's my mana?

He couldn't help but not panic.

Without mana, all the spells he knows cannot be used, not to mention the supernatural power of Tiangang, which he relies on the most.

Just entering the Tianmen Pavilion and encountered such an unimaginable situation, God knows what kind of danger will be in the future.

Losing mana, not to mention being able to explore the secrets of the Tianmen Pavilion, it is still unknown whether he can survive.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang became flustered and apprehensive, as if he had returned to the helplessness of walking alone in the rainstorm when he first traveled through time.

However, in the past six months, the many near-death experiences have already polished his nerves to be extremely tough. After a short period of panic, he stabilized his mind again.

Now that the way ahead is unclear and the way back is dead, he can only bite the bullet and go on.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang began to squirt rhythmically, his eyes vigilantly paying attention to the movement around him.

Fortunately, he didn't ask Chitu and 'Brother Pingtou' to rush in, otherwise he would have a headache.

huh huh huh~

The seemingly calm surface of the water is undercurrents, and waves are surging from time to time, and the air is filled with an uncomfortable humidity.

Hearing the noise of the waves crashing in his ears, he felt inexplicably irritable.

Yuan Yutang tried his best not to let his thoughts run wild, and tried his best to maintain a delicate balance between physical exertion and recovery.

But sorry.

As time passed, his thoughts gradually became agitated, an inexplicable fear emerged spontaneously, and the rhythm he was trying to maintain began to lose balance.

This has nothing to do with personal qualities, but a normal physiological response.

Humans are terrestrial creatures, and naturally have more or less fear of unfamiliar water bottoms. If they are immersed in water for a long time, they will easily experience symptoms such as palpitations, trembling, numbness, chills, flushing, suffocation, shortness of breath, and heartbeat. Acceleration, nausea, dizziness and other deep fear syndrome.

Yuan Yutang knew that if he continued like this, he might drown in the water due to excessive physical exertion.

How can you hold back easily if you are partial to the ape and the horse?

While he was restless, suddenly he had an idea, and remembered the "Standing on the Lingtai Sutra", which has the miraculous effect of concentrating the mind and consolidating energy. He didn't care whether it would be effective when the mana was lost. Read it:

"Clarify the mind, hold the essence and keep the unity, keep the spirit and solidify the spirit, and you can ascend to the fairyland."

It is amazing to say that after chanting ten times in a row, his restless mood finally calmed down gradually.

Heaving a sigh of relief, Yuan Yutang seized the time to get back to the previous rhythm of the water, and swam in an orderly and rapid manner.

A stick of incense has passed.

Half an hour passed.

An hour passed.

Three hours passed.

Yuan Yutang was panting and helplessly stopped, stepped on the water and stretched his neck, looking around in despair at the boundless sea where the water and the sky line.

His physical strength was close to exhaustion, and every muscle in his body was trembling violently due to excessive force.

However, after swimming for so long, I couldn't even see the outline of the land.

Is it true that God is going to kill me?

"You are the longan fruit on the mountain,

Green skin, white flesh, black heart,

In order to ask for money from the matchmaker, I will take care of me,

Deliberately tricking the matchmaker,

The sieve can be said to be a big basket,

I hope Lei Gong has a good vision,

Kill the matchmaker to get rid of the root cause..."

Just when Yuan Yutang was at a loss, suddenly the salty sea breeze sent a strange song to his ears.

The singing voice was shrill and lingering, vicious and sad, like a knife point scratching glass, which made people feel chills when they heard it.

Yuan Yutang had been soaked in the water for too long, and his body temperature was seriously lost. When he was aroused again, he immediately swayed uncontrollably.

Immediately afterwards, a terrifying scene that made him even more frightened happened.

I saw a group of figures appear out of thin air on the horizontal line, even though far away, Yuan Yutang could still see the scary dark red color clearly at a glance.

The visitor was a welcoming team.

Yuan Yutang swore that he was absolutely right.

Those bearers who carried the sedan chairs were clearly paper figurines in dark red wedding clothes.

With a pale and stiff weird smile, glaring blush on both cheeks, and stiff movements, can it be fake if it's not a paper figurine?

And the welcoming team didn't even make a sound except for the scary singing that came out from the dark red sedan chair from time to time.

The weirdest thing is that those ghosts walk on the water!

Dark red is the favorite color for ghosts to marry. He had already seen this when the old Mangshan ghost robbed Concubine Zhou Luo by force.

Now, in the vast sea, I suddenly saw the welcoming team coming on the waves. If this is not haunted, then what is haunted?

Yuan Yutang was dazed for two or three seconds, then changed direction in an instant, mustering all his strength to paddle.

What about saving energy, what about exhausting yourself, all go to hell!

Really being caught up by those ghosts, is there any reason to survive?

At the stake of life and death, Yuan Yutang was forced out of his potential.

The originally heavy and sore body gained strength in an instant, and his two arms were stretched so that they were almost invisible. The whole person was like a dragon going out to sea, riding the wind and waves at an unprecedented speed.

The strange welcoming team seems to be slow, but they are fast. When they sense that their prey is about to run away, they speed up a little bit strangely.

Although Yuan Yutang's mana disappeared inexplicably, the spiritual sense he had tempered for so long was still there. Feeling something strange behind him, he couldn't help but feel horrified, and he gritted his teeth and swam desperately.

The calm sea broke the tranquility in an instant, and a desperate chase at sea was rapidly unfolding.

"You are the longan fruit on the mountain,

Green skin, white flesh, black heart,

In order to ask for money from the matchmaker, I will take care of me,

Deliberately tricking the matchmaker,

The sieve can be said to be a big basket,

I hope Lei Gong has a good vision,

Kill the matchmaker to get rid of the root cause..."

The eerie and terrifying singing sound became clearer and clearer, Yuan Yutang felt as if his heart was tightly clenched by a hand, and he could hardly breathe.

If he could get out alive, he made up his mind that he must also practice martial arts.

What's the matter, because he is not a real warrior, he has not cultivated the innate qi to restrain evil spirits, and he has no chance of winning against the wedding party, which is obviously a ghost, otherwise he would not be so embarrassing.

I don't know how long it has passed, it seems that it is only a moment, and it seems that centuries have passed.

Suddenly, a burst of severe pain hit, Yuan Yutang murmured inwardly, and then his hands and feet lost control, and his whole body twitched and fell into the water.

This is the most terrible natural enemy of swimming-cramps!

It is said that people are unlucky, drinking cold water will get stuck between their teeth, and the sudden cramps completely cut off Yuan Yutang's hope of escaping.

Gululu~

The icy cold water poured into his mouth and nose instantly, and Yuan Yutang felt as if he was tied with hundreds of catties of iron and lead, and fell heavily to the dark bottom of the water.

Is he really going to die this time?

Yuan Yutang smiled miserably, gave up the futile and painful struggle, and allowed himself to sink.

Drowning in the water is better than being toyed with by ghosts to death, and it can be regarded as retaining the last trace of human dignity.

Just like this, just die quietly like this...

Consciousness quickly blurred, the air in the lungs became thinner, and the endless tide of darkness came, and Yuan Yutang was about to drown alive.

The next moment, he suddenly felt light all over, and then he breathed the long-lost fresh air through his mouth and nose.

"Clam~ clam~ cough cough cough!!"

The body instinctively breathed greedily, and the accumulated water in the abdomen surged violently due to the loss of water pressure. Yuan Yutang was caught off guard by choking tears and coughing profusely.

Before he had time to be grateful for his narrow escape, the moment he opened his eyes, the blood all over his body froze almost instantly.

He was actually suspended by a paper man holding his collar with one hand.

The cold, emotionless gazes of a dozen or so paper figurines focused on him, making him feel like he was standing naked in the wild in the midst of winter, with chills all over his body.

"Oh, what a handsome young man~"

At this time, the curtains were worn out, and a shrill voice that made his hair stand on end came from inside the mottled dark red sedan chair.

Immediately the curtain was lifted, revealing the head of a bride wearing a phoenix crown and skin as white as paper.

Followed by the second, third, fourth...

Eighteen heads of brides with the same appearance poked out, staring at him like hungry wolves.

Did this ghost come from Tianzhu? There are eighteen ghost brides crowded into a small sedan chair? ?

Yuan Yutang felt his mouth was dry, his throat was astringent, and his mind went blank for a moment.

He thought that he had seen enough horror scenes, and there shouldn't be anything else that would move him.

However, the terrifying scene in front of him was like pouring a bucket of cold water on his head, making him feel palpitations from the inside out.


		