

The Hungry Ghost Way was originally the ghost way among the six realms, but it evolved into the Hungry Ghost Way when the number of hungry ghosts increased sharply and occupied the majority in a certain special period.

Hungry ghosts are all heinous people during their lifetime, entangled in karma, sinful, and become hungry ghosts after death. As a result, after becoming ghosts, their throats are as small as the tip of a needle, and their stomachs are as big as a drum.

Delicious food cannot be swallowed, and sweet water turns into burning coals when it is put into the mouth. You are always in the torment of endless hunger and thirst, and you can never escape it. It is one of the six extreme sufferings.


huh~

A gust of wind blew from nowhere, and everyone present felt their hair stand on end.

Knowing that standing still is not an option, Yuan Yutang suggested entering the courtyard.

Although there are dozens of hungry ghost stone statues in the courtyard, compared with the densely packed hungry ghost stone statues outside, a discerning person knows how to choose at a glance.

What's more, there are still houses in the mansion for defense, even if there is a change, it will not be surrounded by enemies.

Yuan Yutang's proposal was quickly agreed by Qin Wuji and the others.

Before any moths appeared, everyone hurriedly approached the house.

It used to feel that the yard was quite big, but now there are dozens of statues of hungry ghosts with distorted limbs and different shapes, and it becomes crowded and cramped in an instant.

Fortunately, there are gaps between the stone statues, allowing people to pass through carefully.

Qin Wuji took the lead, and originally wanted to take Zhou Luofei along, but when he looked back, he found that Zhou Luofei was standing firmly behind Yuan Yutang like a follower, and couldn't help but feel extremely helpless.

Forget it, everyone is now a grasshopper on the same rope, there is no need to turn against Yuan Yutang because of such a trivial matter, so Qin Wuji kept quiet.

Soon, one by one, everyone carefully shuttled through the gaps between the stone statues like walking a tightrope.

For some reason, as long as Zhou Luofei was by Yuan Yutang's side, she would not feel afraid at all, and she was leading him by the hem of his clothes full of secret joy.

Yuan Yutang walked slowly as if he was facing a big enemy, his eyes rolled wildly, and he was always alert to the changes around him.

Fortunately, there was no danger, and everyone passed the treacherous hungry ghost stone statue.

Until entering the house, everyone breathed a sigh of relief like a deflated ball.

Two warlocks who were proficient in talismans hurriedly took out the housekeeping treasures, props such as mana seals, red lacquer, and yellow talismans to draw talismans on the spot, and quickly pasted all the doors and windows of the house tightly.

Warlocks are divided into realms, and talismans are also divided into high and low levels. The two talisman masters have limited realms and can only use the lowest level of yellow talismans. It is still unknown whether they can stop the hungry ghost stone statue after it changes, but at least it can provide some psychological comfort for the time being. , barely safe.

Ever since the fat man revealed the truth of the stone statue, everyone's nerves were tense.

After the extreme tension, the whole body is exhausted. Rao, most of the warlocks with unique skills can hardly avoid the physiological inertia, and they are all exhausted as if they have not closed their eyes for several months.

I didn't say much about the place to stay in the house, and everyone didn't think it was dirty, so they found a place to sit down and took the time to rest.

huh huh huh~

It was raining heavily outside, and the rain hit the eaves, and the atmosphere in the house was extremely dull.

Everyone knows well that the current tranquility is just the eve of the storm, and they are all saving their energy to prepare for the fierce battle that will break out at an unknown time.

Concubine Zhou Luo, who had always been big-hearted, was also affected by the oppressive atmosphere, and she remained sullenly silent.

The fat man pouted his fat buttocks and sat down against the pillar, panting with his chubby belly, looking extraordinarily funny.

These days, in order to find Zhou Luofei who is always there, their brothers have been traveling day and night, and they have long been exhausted. They have just experienced a thrilling breakout, and now when they relax, sleepiness hits them like a torrent of mountains and seas, and their big heads shudder. A little drowsy.

The large temperature difference between day and night in the mountains and forests, coupled with the heavy rain, soon felt a burst of severe cold into the fat man's body, and he couldn't help shivering.

His cultivation base is not high, and he is far from reaching the realm of invulnerability to cold and heat.

Inadvertently, the fat man saw a dark and dirty mattress in the corner with sharp eyes. He was overjoyed, and regardless of whether it was clean or not, he grabbed it and covered it. Go to sleep again.

After an unknown amount of time, the fat man faintly heard a lot of noise coming from his ears, as if several people were calling him anxiously.

Opening his eyes vaguely, he immediately saw Qin Wuji and Yuan Yutang calling out to him with worried faces, and Zhou Luofei even hid behind her eyes in horror, not daring to show her head. He couldn't help asking in doubt, "What happened?" Is it? Did the stone statue of the hungry ghost outside come alive?"

As he said that, he was about to get up, but unexpectedly this action startled everyone.

"Don't move around!" Qin Wuji stopped solemnly, and waved his hands to signal the fat man not to act rashly.

Yuan Yutang's whole body tensed up even more, as if facing a formidable enemy.

Insufficient sleep has caused the fat man's brain to be groggy now, and he can't figure out the situation for a while.

"What's wrong? Why did you tell me not to move around?"

Qin Wuji had nothing, he squatted down in front of the fat man slowly, and guided him in a relaxed tone, "Don't think about it, close your eyes immediately, recite the meditation mantra silently, then forget everything, slowly lift the mattress and stand up. stand up."

As soon as these words came out, Fatty woke up instantly, and suddenly broke out in a cold sweat.

No matter how dull he is, he clearly knows that he has been tricked.

Subconsciously, I have to look at myself.

Qin Wuji shouted anxiously, "Don't be fat! Be obedient, I won't hurt you, don't look down!"

The fat man's face was full of fat, he closed his eyes with a mournful face, and tremblingly said, "Boss, what's wrong with me? Anyway, tell me, don't scare me~"

"It's fine, as long as you listen to brother and do what you say, you'll be fine, remember not to open your eyes!" Qin Wuji said solemnly.

They are all old brothers who have lived and died together for many years. Of course, the fat man believed Qin Wuji's words, closed his eyes tightly, and began to silently recite the meditation mantra in his heart to calm his mind.

The meditation mantra is a calming mantra commonly used by sorcerers, and it only needs to be recited once to calm the mind.

But now after reciting it three times in a row, the fat man's mind is still in a mess.

Humans are visual animals, and most of their reception of external information depends on their vision. If they suddenly lose sight, they will easily fall into self-panic.

Even a warlock with extraordinary strength is no exception.

The fat man has tried very hard to control himself not to think wildly, but unfortunately things backfired and became more and more irritable and restless.

The horrible scenes he had seen before emerged like a revolving lantern one by one, and the unreasonable fear was like a flood breaking a bank, crazily impacting his Dao heart.

Soon, a crack appeared.

The fat man's Dao heart was on the verge of collapse, his muscles tensed up, his fists were clenched so loudly that he didn't even feel his nails piercing into his flesh.

In the chaos, there seemed to be a strange sound intruding into the consciousness, as if there were countless ants burrowing around in the brain, the rustling sound gradually became louder, and finally filled the whole consciousness.

Fatty's heartbeat intensified, the veins on his forehead were throbbing, and he was so annoyed by the noise in his consciousness that he couldn't help but shouted, "Enough is enough, get out of my mind!"

Immediately afterwards, the fat man stood up furiously, Qin Wuji and the others had no time to stop him.

All of a sudden, there was a burst of gasping sound in the room.

After standing up, the fat man inexplicably felt that the whole world seemed to be quiet instantly, and there was an unprecedented lightness. He subconsciously looked down and couldn't help being stunned.

There was blood dripping from the neck down.

The strange thing is that the fat man didn't feel any pain at all, and he asked the astonished Qin Wuji in a daze, "Boss, what's wrong with me?"

Qin Wuji opened his mouth, but couldn't speak.

The fat man stared blankly at the mattress thrown aside.

It was not a mattress at all, but a large group of tiny thread-like worms, each of them was full of stomachs, and there were faint spots of blood.

The fat man seemed to understand something, and after shaking a few times, he fell limply to the ground without making a sound.

Qin Wuji's faces were extremely livid.

Unexpectedly, under the nose, the ghost also killed the fat man, no doubt they were slapping them naked.

Seeing the fat man's stern death, Zhou Luofei's face turned pale with fright, and she hid behind Yuan Yutang tremblingly.

"Die to me!"

Old Wang, the talisman master who had fought against Yuan Yutang, rushed over in a rage, and with a raised hand, he threw out a fire talisman of Yuanspirit, instantly burning the evil flesh-eating worms to ashes.

Yuan Spirit Fire, also known as Yimai True Fire, is the most elementary manifestation of the legendary Samadhi True Fire. Lao Wang's ability to control the Yuan Spirit Fire Talisman means that his way of talismans has entered the room.

Yuan Yutang stared at the fat man's body for a long time, and said quietly, "It seems that the house is not safe, I think it's better to just kill it, it's better than painting the ground here and losing your life in a daze?"

"No!" Qin Wuji immediately retorted, "Missy has a body of ten thousand gold, how can she easily take risks with us?"

"Then what do you think we should do?" Yuan Yutang pointed at the fat man Youyou Yuwen's body and asked, "You can't die like him for no apparent reason, can you?"

"That's enough, anyway, I won't agree to let the eldest miss follow you to take risks!" Qin Wuji refused without doubt.

Yuan Yutang sneered a few times, picked up the 'Brother Pingtou' who was eating fruit quietly, and was about to open the door and leave without saying a word.

"What do you want!"

Qin Wuji flew in front of Yuan Yutang, gritted his teeth and said, "Do you want to kill us?"

"Get out of the way, it's up to you if you want to keep it until you die, anyway, I won't accompany you!" Yuan Yutang said coldly with no expression on his face.

"If you dare to take another step forward, don't blame me for being rude!"

Qin Wuji roared without giving an inch.

Yuan Yutang's face turned completely cold, his mana surged, and he was ready to force his way.

The rest of the warlock guards showed embarrassment. To be fair, they also knew that staying in this ghostly place would definitely add danger. They also agreed with Yuan Yutang's opinion, and they would rather go out and fight than wait for death.

However, due to her duties, she couldn't put Concubine Zhou Luo in danger.

In a dilemma, he could only helplessly watch Qin Wuji and Yuan Yutang clash.

Seeing the smell of gunpowder getting stronger and stronger, Zhou Luofei plucked up the courage to be a peacemaker to mediate the conflict. Suddenly, she felt a chill behind her back, and when she looked back, she found a terrifying ghost standing silently behind her.

The ghost was like a torn rag doll stitched together again, without an inch of intact skin, and there were centipede-like stitches everywhere, and it was clapping and applauding with joy.

"Haha, it's fun, it's fun, let's fight~"

"Otherwise, all of you will die!"


		