

Yuan Yutang's eyes lit up as he finally squeezed into the crowd who were at the train station grabbing tickets for the Spring Festival travel season on Earth.

I saw an open space in the middle of the third floor and the third floor. There was a young woman wearing a solemn and mysterious Nuo costume with painted eyebrows and face, surrounded by an exquisite golden statue eight feet high, five feet wide, and one foot three long. The coffin danced a strange dance.

Although golden coffins are reserved exclusively for princes and nobles, there are also specifications for details.

The owner of this golden coffin is obviously a Marquis.

After the dance, someone brought a few black dogs that were trembling and beating them backwards.

Nuo Nuo expressionlessly pulled out a sharp dagger carved with runes from her waist, slaughtered the black dogs one by one neatly on the spot, and then splashed fresh black dog blood on the golden coffin.

Yuan Yutang knew the intention of Nuo Nu's move.

Folks have passed down from generation to generation that black dog blood can ward off evil spirits and destroy evil spirits. The purpose of splashing dog blood on the coffin is to suppress and kill ghosts that may exist in the coffin and prevent them from happening before they happen.

Nuo girl's approach is no problem, but the subsequent development is beyond control.

The icy golden coffin seemed to be alive, absorbing the scalding black dog's blood in an instant, and there were a lot of surprised voices.

There are many taboos in the usual breaking of the grave and moving the coffin, not to mention stealing the funerary objects in the coffin and sucking blood in the coffin, which is a bad omen, and it is destined to be extremely dangerous in the future.

The Nuo girl was beating her heart, she also knew something bad was going on, but she didn't turn her head back when she fired her bow, she was really ashamed to shrink back in front of everyone, so she had to bite the bullet and go on.

Gritting her teeth, she took out a ferocious ghost mask from her bosom and put it on. The Nuo woman's spirit sank to her dantian, her horse gaited steadily, her palms put on the heavy coffin lid, she let out a low cry, and began to push with strength.

clack~

Under the brute force of the Nuo girl, the coffin cover, which weighed a thousand catties, suddenly made a sharp grinding sound that made teeth ache, and slowly loosened and slid.

Some gamblers and sorcerers who bet on the successful opening of the Nuo girl's coffin widened their eyes and waited excitedly for the final result to be announced.

Under the eyes of everyone, a gap appeared in the heavy coffin.

Soon, it will open soon!

Red-eyed gamblers clenched their betting receipts, ready to cheer for victory at all times.

Suddenly, an inexplicable wind gushed out from the coffin.

The Nuo girl turned pale with fright, and just wanted to withdraw her hand, but it was too late.

Without waiting for everyone to react, the Nuo girl was pulled into a finger-wide gap. After a desperate scream, the opened coffin lid suddenly closed with a loud bang, and there was no more sound.

The scene was suddenly silent.

But all the funerary objects that can be buried with the coffin must be the things that the coffin owner loved during his lifetime, how could they be easily handed over to others.

In order to prevent tomb robbers from stealing, the coffin owner must have tried every means to put the most vicious means in the world in the coffin to prevent theft.

The end of the Nuo girl is the best embodiment of the determination of the coffin owner to defend the funerary objects.

However, wealth and wealth come from danger, and everyone knows that the more dangerous the coffin, the more precious the funeral objects will be.

There are a lot of desperate people, and when the Nuo girl dies, there will be a replacement immediately. As long as the funeral objects are valuable enough, the deal will not be a loss.

The next one to open the coffin was a muscular man with big arms and a round waist. He took off his clothes with a click, smeared an unknown plaster on his body, and then assumed a weird independent golden rooster pose. After a moment of silence, he suddenly shouted One sound, "Change!"

Before he finished speaking, the Hun Han shrank and deformed quickly, and turned into a blowfly in the blink of an eye, buzzing and flapping its wings and crawling towards the gap in the golden coffin.

There is one thing to say, Hunhan's superb shape-shifting technique can be said to shock everyone.

No one thought that he could turn into a fly to open coffins and find treasures.

The flies watching the change of Hunhan were about to fly into the coffin.

suddenly.

A burst of vigorous Yin Qi erupted from the gap like a volcanic eruption.

"Ah~"

The muddy man was sprayed straight before he had time to dodge, and was immediately beaten back to his original shape. The flesh and blood on his body melted as quickly as if he had been splashed with sulfuric acid. son.

Another Liangliang who was not afraid of death, the scene was filled with grief.

Many desperate gamblers cursed loudly, and frantically tore up their betting receipts like killing their father and enemy.

Yuan Yutang ate melons and ate them thoroughly.

After the gamblers vented their emotions, they walked aside with dark faces and sullen heads.

Needless to say, I knew it was a raise, and I was ready to make a profit.

At this time, Yuan Yutang noticed a refined middle-aged man with a goatee and dressed as a literati appeared at the betting place, waving a folding fan.

Seeing the elegant middle-aged man coming, the arrogant steward of the betting place immediately changed his attitude, nodded and bowed respectfully to give up his seat, and he asked his relatives and poured tea and water, which was more considerate than serving his own father.

Yuan Yutang's eyes suddenly shrank.

If you guessed right, that elegant middle-aged man is the legendary all-knowing, omniscient 'Bao Inquiry'.

The reason why he persisted in looking for 'Bao inquiring' was to ask him for a piece of news.

A piece of news about the tomb of Zhuge Tianji, the last ascendant in the world more than 300 years ago!


After the Qing Dynasty, there were several coffin openers who possessed supernatural powers, but unfortunately, without exception, they all died suddenly on the spot.

Since then, no one who is not afraid of death has dared to play.

Just kidding, although the rewards for opening the coffin are very generous, but you have to have life flowers to do it.

With so many lessons learned, jumping off a cliff knowing that there is a dead end ahead, that is lack of understanding.

The big boss behind the scenes, 'Bao Dian Wen', saw that no one dared to open the coffin again, so he suddenly lost his composure.

If the golden coffin is not opened, it will not work.

This was entrusted with a lot of money by the nobleman, and no matter what the cost, the contents of the coffin must be taken away.

If you collect money but fail to accomplish anything, wouldn't you be smashing your own brand?

Clearing his throat, 'Bao inquired' got up slowly, looked around, stroked his goatee and said with a smile, "Fellow daoists, although this golden coffin is a little tricky today, I believe that everyone here will be able to open it smoothly." Coffin, the old man solemnly promises that as long as someone can open this golden coffin, I will give you a chance to find the secret for free!"

"This kind of good thing doesn't happen very often. It is limited to one stick of incense, and it will stop when it is burned. You should hurry up."

Searching for secrets is a slang word in the ghost market, which means to inquire about news.

After 'Bao inquired' finished the conditions, the old god sat down on the ground, as if he was very confident that there must be a brave man under the reward.

Sure enough, as soon as this remark came out, all the gamblers and spectators around showed their hearts moved.

There are countless people in the Jianghu who want to ask 'Bao inquiring' to find the secret. Even if they can find 'Baot inquiring' himself, they will never be able to do so without paying a huge price.

To have a chance to find the sky for free is undoubtedly a good thing for the world.

But people value self-knowledge.

Most of the people present were just ordinary monk-level warlocks, no matter how arrogant they were, they would not think that they were more capable than those unlucky ghosts who died before.

And the time is limited, even if there is a way to ask for help from an expert, it is too late.

So for the sake of my life, I can only regretfully watch the great opportunity pass me by.

Just as the stick of incense was about to burn out, a clear voice suddenly came from the crowd.

"I come!"

Everyone was taken aback, and hurriedly looked, wanting to see clearly which stunned and green-headed person is so hard-headed, who dares to die because of his obsession with money.

With his head held high and his chest held high, Yuan Yutang emerged from the crowd and strolled to the golden coffin.

"My little brother, you have to think about it carefully. Opening the coffin to touch the treasure is extremely dangerous. In case something goes wrong, the old man will not be responsible."

'Bao inquired' seemed not surprised that someone dared to challenge the opening of the coffin, and said nonsense to Yuan Yutang with a smile.

Yuan Yutang smiled lightly, without making a fuss, staring at this extremely evil golden coffin.

The gamblers who suffered heavy losses stared at Yuan Yutang gloatingly, no one favored him at all.

Without too much bells and whistles, after observing for a while, Yuan Yutang was confident, and simply and rudely stretched out his hand to buckle the edge of the coffin lid, stretched his waist, and lifted it forcefully.

"rise!"

With a creaking sound, the heavy coffin lid was lifted by half an inch abruptly by Yuan Yutang.

The haunting thing in the coffin seemed to feel that Yuan Yutang was not to be trifled with, and the weird yin energy that killed several people erupted again, turning into fine needles like ox hair in a violent storm, piercing towards Yuan Yutang swiftly and fiercely.

Yuan Yutang was happy and not afraid, he didn't hide or dodge, let the rain of Yin Qi needles hit, and continued to lift the coffin with all his strength.

Just when he was about to be trapped into a hornet's nest, a brilliant brilliance suddenly burst out.

Like the rising sun in the sky, you can see the sun through the clouds, and the Yin Qi needle rain that is not enough to add to your body is evaporated instantly like encountering a natural enemy.

At this time, there was a shrill scream from inside the coffin. The thing inside seemed to have been severely injured, and the unknown force that had been wrestling with Yuan Yutang was suddenly weakened.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and broke out with all his strength, and lifted it with all his strength.

There was only a crisp snapping sound, and the lid of the coffin was thrown off by Yuan Yutang, and hit the ground heavily, splashing dust several meters high.

The onlookers were stunned, and even the well-informed 'Bao Inquiry' couldn't help standing up in surprise, and said in amazement, "This kid's physical strength is rare in the world, comparable to the ancient beast's cub!"

Yuan Yutang was sweating profusely, panting and looking at 'Bao inquiring'.

If it wasn't for the newly opened new supernatural powers and the rapid increase in Taoism, I'm afraid he wouldn't be able to handle this evil golden coffin.

Although it seems that he easily overturned the coffin lid, in fact, he secretly used more than ten kinds of auxiliary talismans with increasing attributes, and none of them had one mana.

His task has been completed, and the rest depends on whether 'Bao Dian Ding' knows him or not.

If he dares to break his promise and become fat, Yuan Yutang will teach him what it means to be trustworthy.

Fortunately, 'Bao inquiring' didn't have any evil intentions. Before everyone could see what rare treasure was in the coffin, he waved his hand, and a black linen cloth wrapped the uncovered golden coffin tightly.

He ordered his subordinates to carry away the coffin, and "Bao inquired" dragged Yuan Yutang to a dark place, and the two chatted in whispers.

After listening to Yuan Yutang's request, 'Bao Inquiry' showed embarrassment, and after pondering for a while, he said, "Brother, the information you want to inquire about is a bit difficult, and I need time to prepare, how about this, you will be in the north east of the city in three days. Come to the inn and wait for me, no matter what, the old man will give you a clear answer."


		