

The light was dim, the ash was flying, the smoke was thick, and the scorched earth was everywhere.

In such a strange place full of the atmosphere of the underworld, the Taoist seemed to be drunk, and staggered towards the crowd.

Everyone, including Situ Hongyi, was overjoyed, thinking that the 'unable to dig' had come back after finding out what was true in the valley, and was about to go up to ask.

At this moment, Namurtai's heart rang out, and the hairs all over his body stood on end.

Before I had time to say more, the strong Wu family's true qi erupted like a surge, and he punched fiercely from the air.

Tom!

Amidst the heart-piercing sound of piercing the air, a wolf in the shape of true energy quickly took shape and rushed over the crowd.

The bitter wind tore through the thick smoke, and the angry wolf suddenly opened its jaws, biting the blurry figure.

Genuine Qi Transformation is the unique skill of warriors. It can manifest the true Qi wolf that is comparable to a living thing, which shows that Naimertai's cultivation base is close to reaching the peak.

The sudden scene shocked everyone, and at the same time let them see the truth clearly.

"Hiss~"

A series of gasping sounds almost overlapped, and almost most of the people were terrified and terrified.

Where did it come from 'I can't dig through', it is clearly a highly rotten zombie that keeps dripping muddy corpse water!

The damn thick smoke obscured the vision, and I couldn't see anything clearly.

Fortunately, Naimertai was alert, otherwise he would go forward foolishly, and several people would have died.

It was too late to say it, but the real angry wolf bit the zombie and pulled it hard.

Someone vaguely saw the sharp teeth in the wolf's mouth that could split gold and crack stones, dragging sparks on the zombie's body.

The zombie looked sluggish, moved slowly, and was not afraid of pain or fear. After being bitten off half of his body, he still kept his pace, moving forward slowly and firmly.

Seeing this situation, Namurtai's eyes burst into hostility, and he remotely launched a new round of attacks from the zhenqi wolf.

Biting, tearing, pulling, scratching, scratching, whipping, pouncing...

The infuriating wolf perfectly demonstrated all kinds of fighting methods of the evil wolf. Even the zombies have amazing defenses and it is difficult to resist such a fierce offensive.

Without saying a word, he was torn to pieces.

Everyone was wondering why a zombie suddenly appeared.

And the fact that 'Du Bu Tong' did not come back, does it mean that he was buried in the valley?

Naimertai dissipated his true energy from the wolf with a gloomy expression, and came to the uncertain Situ Hongyi with a sullen face, and said in a deep voice, "I said that there is great danger in the valley, do you believe me now?"

manage

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Tu Hongyi snorted coldly, "Is it interesting to say such sarcastic remarks now?"

Shaking his head, Namurtai said slowly, "I didn't mean to make fun of you, I just wanted to remind you."

"There was a bit of movement just now. I sensed a faceless monster coming here, and the danger in the valley is unknown."

"Whether to find another way, or forcefully break into the valley, you decide!"

Upon hearing this, Situ Hongyi's expression became even uglier.

Before that, what he relied most on was proficient in Fengshui Kanyu, and the tomb robber who knew the way of gossip 'couldn't dig it out'.

However, I didn't expect that 'Dig Bu Tong' would never come back, and instead attracted such terrible enemies as zombies.

Don't look at Nam Ertai as if he killed that zombie easily, that's just a special case, not everyone is as perverted as him!

Zombies are invulnerable, infinitely powerful, use resentment as power, and feed on blood. From ancient times to the present, zombies have been one of the monsters that warlocks are least willing to face.

Moreover, the infectivity of the zombie corpse poison is unparalleled in the world. If it is bitten to death and scratched by it, there is a high probability of becoming a zombie. God knows how many zombies exist in that valley.

Losing the 'unable to dig', it is undoubtedly wishful thinking to find another way out on the scorched earth full of murderous opportunities.

What's more, it's not yet known whether the 'unable to dig' is dead or alive. It would be better if he died inside, in case the zombie was deliberately recruited by him or escaped alone, no matter what the situation is, it will be more serious than imagined.

Tangled ah!

Do you choose to try your luck and find another way out, or believe that you can't dig through it again, and forcefully break into the valley?

A decision must be made as soon as possible, otherwise, when the faceless monster blocks up, everyone present will be dead except for Naimertai.


Three days passed, and Yuan Yutang was still scurrying about in the vast sea of ​​sand like a headless chicken.

There are not many succulent cactus pieces left, which made him afraid to eat since this morning. His throat was so thirsty that he was on fire, his eyes glowed green with hunger, and he wobbled when he walked, as if a gust of wind could knock him down. blown down.

Looking up at the sun that was scattering the venomous light high in the sky, he smacked his cracked and bloodshot lips with difficulty, feeling an inexplicable urge to cry.

Those who haven't really experienced it will not understand his current despair.

He really wanted to lie flat on his back if he could.

Why ask for it?

This desert is as vast as the sea, and it is just his wishful thinking to go out without guidance.

That being the case, if you die early and rebirth early, you may be able to time travel again after death.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

However, in a flash, a strong unwillingness emerged from the bottom of my heart.

How could it be so easy to die here?

I am the one selected by Tiangang Divine Ability, and I still want to find the secret of Zhuge Tianji and find the way home...

Thinking of the carefree and beautiful life on the earth, it seems that chicken blood was injected on the spot, and the extinguished fighting spirit was rekindled.

The empty eyes glowed with color again, Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth, and moved forward with heavy and numb steps.


Another day passed, and Yuan Yutang, who was so hungry and thirsty, ate the last few pieces of fleshy stem slices. This amount of energy was not enough to replenish his exhausted physical strength.

Now he is really out of ammunition.

With precarious footsteps, he lost his balance in an instant, and the whole person rolled down from the vain sand dunes.

The scalding grit that rolled down seeped into his body from the gaps in his clothes everywhere, scalding his skin.

When the inertia of tumbling was exhausted, he was like garbage that no one cares about, lying on the high-temperature yellow sand in large characters, lingering on his last breath.

The strong sunlight irritated him so much that he couldn't keep his eyes open, and a large area of ​​his face was reddened and cracked by the gravel.

No matter how strong the willpower is, it is no match for the cruel reality.

This time, he really gave up completely.

In this treacherous and unpredictable desert, the biggest enemy is not the demon "Sashapo" in his imagination at all, but the scorching nature Tianwei.

Tired, destroy it...

Just when he was desperately preparing for the embrace of death.

Suddenly, a low-pitched thunder rolled across the sky.

Immediately afterwards, a bit of coldness fell from the sky and hit his severely scalded face.

Yuan Yutang narrowed his eyes in a dazed way, and immediately his spirit was shaken.

I saw the sky, which was still brightly sunny just a moment ago, was obscured by thick dark clouds at some point.

Before he could react, there was a loud thunderstorm and heavy rain.

Yuan Yutang just lay on the sand in a daze, letting the rain pour down.

He opened his mouth subconsciously, and the cool and moist rainwater fell into his mouth, as if his soul was trembling.

This heavy rain not only dispelled the scorching heat, but also brought hope of life.

Yuan Yutang drank the nectar from the sky like hunger and thirst, and suddenly covered his face and wept.

"Ha, ha ha, ha ha ha..."

"Young master is really blessed and blessed, you old fellow Zhuge, please wait for me, young master is here!!!"

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		