

Just when Yuan Yutang and the others were about to leave, he suddenly let out a surprise and stopped immediately.

"Master, what's the matter? But, but that ghost is back?" Master Guo asked with fear on his face, his teeth trembling.

Yuan Yutang didn't answer, and went back to Ms. Guoxiu's couch with a serious face.

Ms. Guo's skin was sallow and dull, her facial features were haggard, and her two skinny hands, like chicken feet, tightly clenched the bed sheet. She was dripping with sweat, as if Fan Ruo had just been fished out of the water.

The amount of sweat was so great that it drenched the bed sheet and fell to the ground, almost converging into a pool of water.

Yuan Yutang bent down and dipped his fingers in the slightly yellowish transparent liquid on the ground, put it in front of his nose and sniffed it. The smell was slightly bitter, and his heroic sword eyebrows could not help but frown even tighter.

Seeing Yuan Yutang's reaction like this, Zuo Jindao and Master Guo seemed to be overcast.

"The body sweats profusely and is yellowish and bitter, the vitality is exhausted and withered like firewood, panicked, and lethargic." Yuan Yutang wiped off the liquid on his hands, got up and said to the increasingly panicked Master Guo, "Master Guo, I want to I know who Ling Qianjin has provoked."

"Yes, but which demon?" Master Guo asked in a trembling voice.

Yuan Yutang replied in a condensed voice, "If I'm not wrong, it should be the work of the 'Water Sprayer'."

"Spray, spray water woman?" Zuo Jindao and Master Guo said in surprise in unison.

"Yeah." Yuan Yutang nodded, and explained in a deep voice, "'Shuishuipo', a foreign ghost, is rare and difficult to deal with. Its origin is a mystery. It often lives among rotting corpses. Once disturbed, it will spout. Clear water. People and animals drench it, and medicine and stones will not save them. If it is short, it will be instant, and if it is long, it will be seven days, and it will definitely die suddenly."

"About seventy years ago, there was a man named Song Yushu in Laiyang, Shaozhou, Tianshui Road. When he was a Cao official, he rented a house, which was very desolate.

One night, two maids serving Mr. Song's mother were sleeping in the main room, when they suddenly heard the sound of "噗味呀味味味味" in the courtyard, like a tailor spraying water on the clothes.

Song's mother hurriedly urged the maid to get up, poked a small hole in the window paper, and secretly looked out.

I saw an old woman in the yard, walking around the yard, like a crane walking, spraying water as she walked, and she couldn't finish spraying.

The maids were shocked, and hurried back to help Mother Song to the window.

Suddenly, the old woman approached the window, and the water sprayed straight towards the window. The water column broke through the window paper and splashed in. Immediately, she turned into a puff of blue smoke and sank into the ground.

The three mothers of Song were drenched by the strange water, immediately turned their eyes white, and fell to the ground together, but the rest of the family didn't know.

At sunrise in the early morning, the family members came to the main room, but no one answered when they knocked on the door, so they hurriedly pried open the door and entered the house, only to see Song's mother and two maidservants dead on the ground.

I touched it and found that one of the maids was still warm, and then helped her up to irrigate her with water.

Not long after, the servant girl woke up and told what she saw last night.

Mr. Song rushed to hear the news, he was so sad and angry that he died.

After asking the servant girl where the old lady was hiding, she ordered her family to dig down there.

When I dug to a depth of more than three feet, my white hair gradually appeared.

Continuing to dig down, a whole corpse was revealed, exactly the same as what the maid saw, with a plump face like a living person.

Mr. Song ordered his family to smash it, and after smashing the flesh and bones, he found that the flesh was full of clear water. "

After a pause, Yuan Yutang continued, "Although Mr. Song vented his hatred of killing his mother, he also caused a catastrophe. The sojourner corpse was destroyed, and the strange ghosts that lived in it became violent, killing the entire Song family." Dozens of people from top to bottom still couldn't let go of their hatred, and stretched their claws to the outside world, massacred the population of two county towns within half a month, and finally a high-ranking monk who was wandering past took the initiative to surrender."

"The 'Water Sprayer' is not difficult to deal with. What is difficult to deal with is the ghost in her body. This ghost is immortal, and it is extremely difficult to kill unless there are special methods."

After listening to Yuan Yutang's words, both Zuo Jindao and Master Guo couldn't help feeling their scalps go numb.

"Well, what should I do then? I beg my brother to save Miss Guo~" Zuo Jindao suddenly heard the bad news, as if struck by lightning, he knelt down and kowtowed to Yuan Yutang without even thinking about it.

Yuan Yutang had sharp eyes and quick hands, grabbed Zuo Jindao, and said with a wry smile, "A man has gold under his knees, Brother Zuo must not be confused!"

With tears in his eyes, Zuo Jindao tightly held Yuan Yutang's hand, choking with sobs, "I don't know something, in fact, Miss Guo and I have already made a private decision for the rest of our lives, but we kept it secret because of the inappropriate relationship. Unexpectedly, I, I also have no face to live~"

Before Yuan Yutang could speak, Mr. Guo, who was as wretched as a partridge just now, hopped over, grabbed Zuo Jindao by the collar, and cursed, "Well, you thick-eyed ruffian, what do you think the old man thinks?" You look so familiar, so it turns out that the scoundrel who has been pestering Pearl is you! See if I don’t beat you to death, you shameless!"

Seeing that Zuo Jindao was about to be beaten, Yuan Yutang hurried forward to stop the fight, and managed to calm the furious Master Guo.

It's no wonder Master Guo is so angry. Just imagine whose Chinese cabbage is offered by a wild boar and can be indifferent?

But Lao Zuo has two skills, he can stand out from the crowd and capture the heart of a well-known beauty, and he has to praise him for being awesome.

Thinking of this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help giving Zuo Jindao a thumbs up behind his back to show encouragement.

The two left in a hurry on the pretext that they wanted Zuo shortcut to lead the way to collect the ghosts.

Zuo Jindao breathed a sigh of relief when the gate of the Guo Mansion was closed and Master Guo was nowhere to be seen.

Regardless of whether it is ancient or modern, Chinese or foreign, all men have a deep-rooted fear of the old man.

"Hehe, Brother Zuo is hiding something. I didn't expect that he looks simple and honest, but he is a master of flowers. I admire him."

Seeing Zuo Jindao's disappointed expression, Yuan Yutang couldn't help teasing and teasing.

Zuo Jindao smiled wryly when he heard the words, and said quietly, "Brother, don't laugh at me anymore. Thinking of me as a stinky rascal, getting the love of the celestial Miss Guo family is already a blessing in eight lifetimes. I don't know how many years I have The young hero entrusts a matchmaker to step through the Guo family's threshold quickly, for me, she forced herself to become an old girl, and I failed her."

"I thought I would be successful and famous this trip, and finally I have the capital to go to Guo's family to ask for a marriage, hoping to marry her back home."

"I never thought that at this time, she would suddenly encounter bad luck."

"I'm not afraid of your jokes. If she really has any troubles, I really don't want to be a human..."

Looking at Zuo Jindao, who was about to cry, Yuan Yutang hurriedly put away his teasing, and said seriously, "Brother Zuo, don't panic, although we don't have a deep friendship, we are congenial, and I can't guarantee 100% that I can save your sweetheart." , but at least I will do my best, so you can relax for the time being."

"The person who tied the bell has to be untied. If you want to save Miss Guo, you have to find her last accident location."

Zuo Jindao forced a smile, cupped his hands and said, "It shouldn't be too late, let's set off quickly."

Immediately, the two left the city, heading west all the way to a lake surrounded by singing birds and fragrant flowers.

"The name of this lake is Luofeng Lake, so it is said that this place used to be a swamp. One day, a phoenix fell from the sky, and it turned decay into magic, and the swamp turned into a clear lake. It is also one of the few good places to escape the summer heat in this county."

Yuan Yutang didn't have time to listen to Zuo Jindao's illusory legends, so he found the tallest tree and jumped up.

When he stood firmly, there was a lifelike paper crane and a delicate crescent moon jade pendant in his hand.

He is going to use the paper crane wayfinding method to confirm the final location of Miss Guo's accident.

There's no way, I don't know why Miss Guo went crazy that day, she left her slaves and ran to Luofeng Lake alone, so it was impossible to know the exact location of her accident.

Luofeng Lake is neither big nor small. To find out exactly where the incident happened, one can only use extraordinary means.

Inserting the jade pendant into the paper crane, Yuan Yutang circulated his mana and quickly recited the mantra.

Suddenly he threw the paper crane into the air and shouted:

"rise!"

The paper crane, which was supposed to be falling, was suddenly suspended in mid-air, its two small wings flapping rustlingly, hovering in the air several times, and then broke through the air to the southwest.

Yuan Yutang's spirit was shaken, and he said happily, "I found it, follow up quickly."

As he spoke, he jumped down from the tree, and the two chased after the paper crane.

After running for nearly three miles, the paper crane did not stop.

Panting, Zuo Jindao couldn't help but wondered, "How did Pearl come to such a remote place?"

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but rolled his eyes.

You ask me, who do I ask?

At this time, the two of them had already moved away from the crowd and went deep into the mountainside.

Insects chirped and birds sang, the deep forest was secluded, Zuo Jindao inexplicably felt a shudder, and the horrible memory of almost dying under Lu Xingyu's bloody mouth the day before yesterday came to mind.

Fortunately, he was accompanied by Yuan Yutang, otherwise he would have to be frightened.

After another mile, the paper crane finally stopped, wandering around in front of a large natural pit.

Seeing this, Zuo Jindao was overjoyed and wanted to rush forward.

But Yuan Yutang grabbed him.

"Brother Zuo, stop, you can't interfere in the next thing, please find a safe place to hide." Yuan Yutang said to Zuo Jin with a rare and extremely solemn voice.

Zuo Jindao was startled when he heard the words, and subconsciously looked into the big pit.

Puff puff puff puff ~

I saw a white-haired old woman in the big pit, her face was ashen as a walking corpse, she walked like a crane, pausing and crossing, wandering around like a headless fly, spraying a jet of water every time she took a step.

As soon as the water column came into contact with the vegetation, it made a sizzling corrosion sound.

Zuo Jindao couldn't help feeling a chill down his spine.

Isn't that expressionless white-haired old woman exactly what Yuan Yutang called the "Water Spraying Woman"?

As soon as he thought that his sweetheart, Ms. Guo, was tormented into a shapeless form by this ghost, a nameless evil fire rushed into his heart, and he suppressed his fear.

If it wasn't for the fear of hurting Yuan Yutang, Zuo Jindao would have to end the game in person to seek justice for his sweetheart.

Angrily glaring at the 'Water Sprayer', Zuo Jindao suppressed his anger and found a place to hide.

At this time, the 'Water Spray Woman' also found Yuan Yutang who was walking slowly, and couldn't help showing a creepy smile, and jumped towards Yuan Yutang while spraying water.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang sneered, stretched his muscles a few times, and suddenly accelerated his dash.

Time is running out, so make a quick decision!


		