

Tanzhou is the second largest state in Northeast China, surrounded by mountains, rivers and rivers, and the scenery is extremely beautiful, which can be called the representative of the scenery of the Northland.

Kuidou County is an inconspicuous small county in Tanzhou. It has no historical and cultural heritage and no unique specialties.

The only thing worthy of praise is the purple maple forest that is lush all year round in the south of the county suburbs.

Ordinary maple trees alternately rise and fall in red and yellow, but the purple maple here does not bloom all the year round. It has a noble and elegant sense of mystery, which is very popular among literati and poets.

Today, there is a horse, a beast, and a boy in the woods, who are setting up a pot to boil water by the stream, as if they are preparing dinner.

Yuan Yutang squatted by the stream, bending over to wash the wild vegetables he had just picked.

The red rabbit was crawling under the tree, with its big head resting on a tree root, taking a nap and waiting for the meal.

'Brother Pingtou' was still as cute as ever, hugging a big red persimmon and licking it happily.

gurgling~

After a while, the hot water in the pot boiled, and the condiments were cut and washed, and the main food was left in the pot.

Yuan Yutang folded his hips and said to Xiaoxi, "Come out, aren't you tired after following all the way?"

As soon as the words fell, the calm surface of the stream boiled instantly like a hot oil pan splashed with cold water.

"Hehe, I met the Taoist priest Liu Yuanji in Huaixi."

A young man in green robe came out of the water, stood strangely on the surface of the water, and pretended to bow to Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang sneered and said, "I don't know what it is that smells so strong. It turns out to be a bedbug."

Hearing the words, the young man in green robe suddenly shrank his pupils, revealing a fierce look, but he endured the attack again, forced a smile and said, "I'm being rude and disturbing Taoist Priest's cleanliness, please forgive me."

"I don't forgive you, it's an eyesore to look at you, get out!" Yuan Yutang didn't give half of the face, and directly mocked to the end.

So barbaric and unreasonable, no matter how well-bred the green-robed young man was, he couldn't help it anymore. He immediately lowered his face, gritted his teeth and said, "Xiao Niubi, you and I have no grievances recently, and far from enmity, why did you humiliate me? Do you really think I Very bullying?"

Yuan Yutang pretended to be surprised, and said strangely, "When did the beasts learn to hang book bags, they really have eyes~"

"Enough, die for me!"

The green-robed youth was furious, turned into a blue rainbow, and rushed towards Yuan Yutang like a thunderbolt.

I saw Yuan Yutang grinning, stretched his hand into his sleeve calmly, and when he pulled his hand again, there were more than a dozen yellow paper talismans, which were thrown out suddenly.

"Vientiane Tianwei, borrowing the law from the eight trigrams, rushing like a law, Xunfeng·Yunmengze!"

Under the blessing of Fa Jue, the scattered yellow talismans suddenly turned into a heavy misty cloud. The wind blows and the clouds move, like a dream, trapping the blue Changhong in it like a cage.

After casting the spell, Yuan Yutang folded his arms and waited for the play, as if he was very confident in this new spell.

The cyan Changhong was like a turtle in a urn, frantically dashing left and right in the clouds and mist, but still couldn't get out of the trap.

After a while, the cyan Changhong finally realized the reality, and had to lower his posture and beg for mercy, "Master Daoist, I am arrogant, I am convinced that I have lost, so please forgive me~"

Yuan Yutang smiled indifferently, "If I spare you, what should I do with those innocent souls who were eaten by you?"

Hearing this sentence, the young man in green robe knew that he couldn't be kind. Yuan Yutang was determined to put him to death, but he couldn't help being annoyed when he was angry.

Begging for mercy failed, the green-robed youth tried his best, and threatened sternly, "I am a child of the Liu family, if you dare to kill me, are you afraid of being retaliated by the willow immortals all over the world?"

"Hehe." Yuan Yutang said with a fake smile, "Master, I like snake soup the most in my life, and I wish I could eat enough every day, so do you think I'm afraid or not?"

"I've been waiting for you for a long time with a hungry stomach, go to the pot obediently!"

"No, you can't kill me~" The green-robed youth finally collapsed, howling in despair.


The moon is rising, and the starry sky is cold.

Yuan Yutang burped contentedly, poured out the remaining snake soup in the pot, lay down and crossed his legs, and fell asleep soundly with the sky as the quilt and the ground as the bed.

The green-robed young man who was buried in Yuan Yutang's Wu Zang Mansion was a transformed snake spirit. Hearing the rumors that a little Taoist priest who had a prophecy would be able to seal the demon to ascend to heaven in one step, he didn't know that he wanted to monopolize the opportunity, but he didn't want to act recklessly. Instead, let yourself become an ingredient for home delivery.

Yuan Yutang will kill all monsters and ghosts who dare to play their own crooked ideas!


After waking up, it was already the next morning, so Yuan Yutang packed his bags and continued on his way.

It was rainy in late summer and early autumn, and the sun was shining brightly a while ago, and suddenly it rained heavily again.

Yuan Yutang's coir raincoat and bamboo hat, sitting reclined on a steed, has a somewhat detached mood.

When we arrived at the county seat, the clouds and rain stopped, and the air was fresh and refreshing.

After queuing up to pay the city gate tax, Yuan Yutang officially set foot in Kuidou County.

If you want to talk about Kuidou County, you have to mention the new county lord.

This county venerable is also a wonderful person. Knowing that the county's economy is depressed and the geography is remote, if you want to make some achievements and make money, you have to take an unusual path.

After taking office, the magistrate contemplated behind closed doors for three days, and he really found out an alternative way to make money.

Walking on the bluestone-paved streets, Yuan Yutang was surprised to find that the prosperity of Kuidou County was not inferior to that of the capital Gyeongju. The surrounding was full of people, traffic was like a dragon, and there were many vendors, which was very lively.

In the east, there is a stage where wonderful performances are being staged; in the west, there are artisans who are as light as a swallow walking a high-altitude tightrope thrillingly; in the south, there is a magician performing magical tricks; , Each has its own splendor, each has its own differences, just like the Grand View Garden.

This is the clever plan that Mr. Xianzun came up with - vigorously support the colorful door industry!

Caimen is a general term for artisans. Supporting the Caimen industry is equivalent to developing the entertainment industry.

With entertainment driving the economy, Kuidou County has undoubtedly embarked on a broad road.

Yuan Yutang looked left and right following the crowd with relish.

There is one thing to say, there are many programs here, even Yuan Yutang, who is well-informed in his previous life, has to praise them after watching them.

Although the feudal world of Liaozhai is backward, the involution is not inferior to the modern earth at all.

There has been a saying in Caimen since ancient times that "money is the slave's hands, and art is the pedestrian's".

Common people have limited spare money. If the work is not exciting enough, they will definitely not get rewarded.

If there is no reward, there will be no food, and if there is no food, you will starve to death.

Therefore, all craftsmen who can gain a firm foothold and survive are all leaders in the industry.

Yuan Yutang watched the wonderful performances of several stalls in amazement. Of course, he would not be stingy after watching the live broadcast to form a good habit of giving rewards in his previous life.

After a while, all the booths reported the news.

Today, there is a big brother with a lot of money, why don't you show your housekeeping skills to curry favor with the big customers?

The artisans who were full of energy stepped up their drama and competed in secret, which benefited the ordinary spectators. There was thunderous applause and hustle and bustle, just like the New Year's Eve.

Yuan Yutang had just moved from an acrobatics booth when suddenly a thin man with wicked eyebrows squeezed in without hesitation.

He nodded and bowed his head to say hello, and then said, "Young master must be tired of watching ordinary shows. It just so happens that there is a new show coming up at my stall. The villain dares to ask you to move, and I promise you that this trip will not be in vain."

Yuan Yutang pondered for a moment, then nodded in agreement.

The thin man was overjoyed, and bowed and bowed first to lead the way.

It didn't take long for the two of them to arrive at a small stage that was crowded with people.

"Haizi Chunnong, let Xian worry a thousand threads, don't let go of the lingering..."

Just squeezed to the front of the stage, Yuan Yutang suddenly heard a resentful and cold singing, looked closely, he couldn't help showing surprise.

The singer is actually a fat and bloated big sow.

The ugly and obese sow actually spoke out, and its voice was ethereal and pleasant. This strong contrast made the spectators shout for novelty and excitement, and rewards from the audience were thrown like rain for a while.

With the money in hand, the thin man didn't care about entertaining Yuan Yutang, a wealthy guest, and rushed to the stage to pick up the reward money with a smile on his face.

Immediately after the stage, a man and a woman came out.

The man was a brawny man with a face full of flesh, his figure was as burly as an iron tower, and just standing still made people feel like chilling.

The woman was a young woman, wearing a large cloak, covering her neck tightly, with hibiscus powder face, and she was very charming. As soon as she appeared on the stage, the onlookers were amazed.

The strong man stepped forward, clasped his fists and said, "Gentlemen, a certain family has been in your place for a while, thanks to everyone's care, in order to repay everyone, a certain family has specially prepared an unprecedented wonderful program. If you think it’s okay later, I implore you to have money for a money game, and if you don’t have money, you can also hold a personal game~”

It can be seen that the strong man is very popular here, so he threw out the burden, and the audience immediately responded enthusiastically, booing and urging to start the performance quickly.

After selling enough, the strong man deliberately smiled at Yuan Yutang, then proudly grabbed the young woman's cloak, and muttered loudly, "Everyone, please open your pupils wide to witness the next miracle !"

After saying that, he pulled it hard, and the cloak fell off the young woman like catkins.

"Hiss~"

Suddenly, there was a series of gasps from the audience.

The spectators stared wide-eyed, looking at the stage in disbelief.

The body of the young woman hidden under the cloak turned out to be a slender and coiled snake body without limbs! !

The secret has been revealed, and the young woman who has been as silent as a puppet smiled charmingly at the stunned spectators, her red lips slightly parted, and a long scarlet forked letter hissed out.

This weird scene made the spectators feel their scalps tingling and their blood throbbing.

The strong man was very satisfied with the reaction of the spectators. He went up and stretched out his big hand like a cattail leaf fan to wrap around the slender and white neck of the young woman, and passed it forward like a chick, proudly introducing:

"This is a rare monster beauty snake in the world. She is lustful by nature. She likes to use her beauty to seduce passers-by to suck Yuanyang. When a certain family subdued this monster, she had already killed more than a dozen innocent people."

"Today, a certain family will let this sinful beast come to perform singing and dancing for everyone, so as to comfort the spirit of the deceased. Do you agree?"

All of a sudden, the spectators were aroused, and all of them glared at Yan Yan's beautiful snake with righteous indignation, and shouted, "Okay, let this monster perform until death, and this will be atonement!"

Among the turbulent crowd, there was only one person watching with cold eyes.

A strong murderous intent burst out in Yuan Yutang's starry eyes.

Those with a human face and a beast's heart should be killed! !


		