

"What? You are Zhuge Wolong, a master of the sky?"

Yuan Yutang was startled.

Zhuge Wolong is a brilliant supporting role in the movie "A Chinese Ghost Story 2". Although there are not many scenes, the classic monologue left a deep impression on everyone who has watched the movie:

"My ancestors had no vision, let me pursue learning, and let me write books to pass on to the world... Who knows, when I write travel notes, they say I leak state secrets; when I write history, they say I use the past to satirize the present; when I explain the art of war, they say I instigate rebellion; Let’s talk about ghost stories, and say that I lead people to superstition; in the end, I rewrote the biography of a celebrity, and as a result, the celebrity had an accident and was declared a rebel, and I was sentenced to life imprisonment together with him... Alas, life is a prison!”

Moreover, this person has a mysterious origin, helped Ning Caichen escape from prison, and was well known by Bie's family.

There seems to be his shadow throughout the movie.

Is this sloppy tall man in front of him really the mysterious Zhuge Wolong?

Zhuge Wolong didn't expect Yuan Yutang to know him, he couldn't help but startled, and asked suspiciously, "You child, have you really heard of a certain name?"

Yuan Yutang remained silent, staring straight at him, as if he was trying to compare the Zhuge Wolong in his memory with the tall man in front of him.

It wasn't because of his boredom and bad taste, but to verify an extremely important guess.

time!

Although he already knew that he had traveled to the world of Liaozhai, he also knew that the national teacher of the dynasty was Pudu Cihang, a demon monk who was transformed into a thousand-year-old centipede spirit, and that his good friend Man Hulu was originally from Guobei County, Xiezhou, Shannan Road, and there was a temple called Lanruo Temple outside the city. century-old temple.

There is also a little monk Baiyun, a virtuous and eminent monk who is suspected of attaining the status of Vajra Fruit in the future.

All kinds of clues have long indicated that he traveled through the world of Liaozhai in the "A Chinese Ghost Story" movie series.

But he has never figured out the specific time point.

The current Zhuge Wolong may be the best time for him to verify his conjecture.

He just looked at it for a long time, but he couldn't make up his mind.

First of all, Zhuge Wolong does not match the age in the movie.

When Zhuge Wolong and Ning Caichen met in the movie, he was already a dying old man. The Zhuge Wolong in front of him was obviously in the prime of his life, so the current time is decades before the main storyline of A Chinese Ghost Story happened?

Is this dozens?

Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling a little headache.

Knowing the timing is important to him.

In fact, he has long had the idea of ​​taking advantage of his knowledge of various monsters in the Liaozhai world to wipe out the roots before they cause harm to the world, but he has never had time to implement it.

The tree demon grandma in the movie only had a hundred years of cultivation when she appeared in the first part. Yuan Yutang deduced from experience that it was probably not long after she was promoted to the Great Demon Realm, and her realm had not yet been consolidated, otherwise she would not have been severely injured by Yan Chixia and fell asleep for a hundred years .

Wouldn't it be a great merit if we could deduce the specific time point and kill my grandma before her morality is deep, so as to prevent her from being burned to death in the future?

Knowing merit is the foundation of his life!

After thinking for a while, Yuan Yutang asked tentatively, "Your Excellency is really the master Zhuge Wolong who is familiar with ancient and modern times, proficient in historical travel notes, good at studying military biographies, and implicated by chaotic parties?"

Hearing that Yuan Yutang was so familiar with his life, Zhuge Wolong immediately regained his spirits, and said arrogantly, "I never thought that you are so familiar with a certain family, you must have read the works of a certain family, right? Tell me, you have read them all." Which books are there? If there are any doubts, let’s talk about them together, and a certain family will solve them for you!"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but have black lines all over his head, and wanted to tell the truth to the Puxin man in front of him that he had never read any of his books.

But after thinking about it, I finally held back.

Trying to find topics from fragmentary movie clips to please Zhuge Wolong, it didn't take long for him to get the information he wanted.

Zhuge Wolong is thirty-five years old this year, and has been in prison for thirteen years. His brothers and sisters who were imprisoned at the same time were either beheaded for questioning or died of illness in prison, but he insisted on surviving alone.

According to Yuan Yutang's guess, he was about sixty years old when he met Ning Caichen, which meant that he had at least twenty-five years to live.

In ancient feudal times, where medical conditions were poor and human rights were on the decline, it was a miracle to be able to live beyond the age of sixty in prison.

Yuan Yutang secretly calculated that it is absolutely impossible for the tree demon grandma to break through to the great demon realm now, even if he is a peak monster, he should have the strength to fight.

He immediately made up his mind to take a detour to the Sanshan Road after he escaped, looking for an opportunity to kill that cancer in its cradle.

After a conversation, the two became more and more congenial.

Zhuge Wolong has read a lot of books since he was a child, and he can be regarded as well-informed in this era.

Although Yuan Yutang has a decent appearance, he can't stand that he has a soul of a traveler from the era of information explosion.

The two talked nonsense, citing all kinds of scriptures, and Zhuge Wolong became more and more frightened as they chatted. He was almost overwhelmed by Yuan Yutang's rich experience and various unheard-of views.

Yuan Yutang was still thinking about the three tall ghosts, so he asked, "Mr. Zhuge, what happened to those three ghosts?"

Zhuge Wolong was relieved by Mr. Zhuge's shout, but when Yuan Yutang asked about the ghost, his expression changed instantly, and he quickly covered Yuan Yutang's mouth with his fingers, and said in a low voice, "Hold down, do you want to die? You don't talk about strange powers, let alone call ghosts by their names at haunted scenes!"

Yuan Yutang asked puzzledly, "Why?"

Zhuge Wolong looked fearful, and instead of answering, asked, "Have you ever heard of Yin soldiers making excuses?"

"An excuse from the Yin soldiers? Are you saying that those three guys are evil agents?" Yuan Yutang said in horror.

Yin soldiers make excuses, since ancient times it has been a sign of great misfortune.

There are definite numbers in the Three Realms, and the mortal world of the six realms cannot enter randomly.

And the yin soldier's excuse is a typical yin and yang confusion, a sign that the world is about to go into chaos.

Zhuge Wolong shrank his neck with lingering fear, and muttered repeatedly, "Don't say it, don't say it... People value themselves, and it's rare to be confused. Some things cannot be changed by manpower, let nature take its course..."

Yuan Yutang fell silent for a while.

The exchange between the two ended without a problem.

In the middle of the night, Yuan Yutang fell into a drowsy sleep, and suddenly felt something hit his face, sat up suddenly, and hurriedly raised his head to look at the exhaust window above.

I saw a beautiful little head with bright eyes and white teeth resting on the exhaust window, throwing pebbles down, and seeing Yuan Yutang wake up, he whispered joyfully, "My lord, I have found you~"

Is it a female thief?

How did she find this place?

Yuan Yutang looked around, making sure no one was paying attention, so he hurried to the wall, raised his head and said in a low voice, "What are you doing here? You're in a prison. Don't be found out. Leave!"

The female thief shook her head, and she was about to cry, "Young master was murdered by an adulterer, and you are in jail, how can your servant leave you?"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"Young master, don't worry, even if this servant risked his life, he will save you, young master, from the sea of ​​suffering!"

To be honest, Yuan Yutang has never completely trusted the female thief until now, but her current performance moved him very much, and he felt a little complicated for a while.

But before he came back to his senses, the female thief disappeared all of a sudden.

In fact, as long as he survives for another ten days or eight years, his injuries will probably recover by half. By then, with mana at his side, how can a small prison trap him?

But the female thief was too irritable, and she disappeared without waiting for him to finish speaking.

In case something happened to her when she saved people, Yuan Yutang would have a bad conscience for the rest of his life.

Yuan Yutang had no choice but to hope that she would come back tomorrow, so he could give her some advice.


There is a widower Chen Sanmin in Osmanthus Village in the southern suburbs of Jinyuan Prefecture. He has no children and has been anonymous for more than 60 years.

Recently, however, he suddenly became famous.

Yesterday, Master Shan, the biggest landlord in Guihua Village, married the twelfth concubine, and held a grand banquet in the mansion in the village.

In the midst of joy and excitement, the widower Chen Sanmin, who was not qualified to sit, suddenly came uninvited.

To say that Chen Sanmin is a loner on weekdays and has a lukewarm relationship with the villagers, no one knows him very well.

As the saying goes, there are no twists and turns on a happy day, even if Mr. Shan doesn't want to see Chen Sanmin anymore, but everyone is here, so it's hard to rush out, so he had to hold his nose and ask for a seat.

It's just that Chen Sanmin behaved very strangely.

His eyes flickered, he was actually wearing a ragged padded jacket on a hot day, his waist was bulging, and he didn't know what was hiding, and he seemed to be in a daze, facing the table full of rich food and drink without moving his chopsticks, fidgeting and muttering in a low voice what.

After drinking for three rounds, Mr. Shan, who was the bridegroom's official for the twelfth time, came over drunkenly to toast table by table.

When Master Shan came to the table where Chen Sanmin was, everyone had just raised their glasses when the tragedy happened.

Seeing that Chen Sanmin seemed to have lost his mind, he suddenly took out a sharply sharpened hatchet from his arms, and slashed at Master Shan's neck with one blow.

This sudden scene made the whole scene silent.

Immediately afterwards, with a pop, Chen Sanmin frantically drew back the hatchet, and a big gash appeared on poor Master Shan's neck, and the blood sprayed three feet high like a broken hose.

"You adulterer, if you want to seduce my wife, I'll kill you!"

Chen Sanmin's face was distorted, and he raised the knife again with a fierce look in his eyes.

One knife, two knife, three knife...

Master Shan was hacked to death in full view, his entire head was chopped off.

There is no good fruit for Chen Sanmin to commit murder in public.

This was not immediately controlled by the descendants of the Shan family who had recovered, and then turned it over to the government office to report the case.

The evidence of this murder case is conclusive and cannot be denied. The wise and mighty Fu Zun immediately pronounced the verdict and ordered Chen Sanmin to be imprisoned. Three days later, Caishi asked him to be executed for public display!

Chen Sanmin didn't react at all, neither defending himself nor caring about the fate of his impending death, but kept repeating in a low voice:

"Damn it, adulterers and prostitutes deserve to die, I want to kill all the dogs and men in the world..."

The victim's family members were gratified, the onlookers were very happy, and the official was full of ambition, but no one cared why an honest man like Chen Sanmin suddenly changed his temper and hacked to death the innocent and innocent Lord Shan.

Soon Chen Sanmin was sent to the prison, which happened to be Yuan Yutang's cell.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		