

As soon as the words fell, everyone felt terrified.

Especially Yuan Yutang and 'Brother Pingtou' reacted the most.

Yuan Yutang heard that the ghost's voice was the culprit behind the scenes.

But 'Brother Pingtou', contrary to his meekness and laziness in the past, broke free from Yuan Yutang's arms suddenly, his fur exploded, and he bared his teeth and roared at the ghost, as if he had encountered a natural enemy.

The stitched ghost image gave everyone the feeling of a prehistoric behemoth, very frightening, definitely a wraith or above! (The levels of ghosts can be roughly divided into wandering souls - resentful souls - ghosts - ghost kings)

"Why don't you fight?"

Seeing that everyone was still panicking, Stitching Ghost Shadow couldn't help but feel a little annoyed, his dark energy was buoyant, pressing down on everyone's heart like a mountain.

In the next second, lightning flashed across the room.

'Pingtou brother' started!

"Wow~"

Accompanied by a high-pitched scream, 'Brother Pingtou' leaped into a thunder snake, and slammed into the ghost like an electric motor.

"Silence Rune Armor, get up!"

Suddenly, bitter winds poured into the room from all directions, forming a set of translucent rune armor with some mysterious rules, which automatically put on Yuan Yutang's body.

'Brother Pingtou' started to attack, Yuan Yutang naturally sat back and watched, like a berserk buffalo, charging forward without hesitation.

The seven of Qin Wuji's reaction was a bit slow, but they soon came to their senses.

If you don't kill that ghost with Yuan Yutang now, I'm afraid no one present will be able to leave alive.

The seven have known each other for many years, and they have developed a tacit understanding long ago, and each showed their magical powers in an instant.

Qin Wuji took the lead, his robes fluttering wildly, he squeezed his sword fingers, and silently recited the formula, and saw an orange-red sword light flying out from his sleeve.

"Chisha, punish the evil!"

As soon as it was said, the orange-red sword light, driven by Qin Wuji's will, instantly transformed into billowing flying sand, billowing like a sandstorm.

Unexpectedly, Qin Wuji was actually a sword cultivator known for his killing power among the warlocks in the world, no wonder he was qualified to be the leader of the warlock guards.

"Boss, we are here to help you!"

Those who spoke were the two talisman masters who drew talismans to seal the house. They followed closely behind, raised their hands and raised a large yellow talisman, pouring mana into it like money. The sky broom stars fall.

A chubby warlock stepped on grotesque dance steps, rolled his eyes and muttered obscure songs, his expression twisted and almost crazy.

When the dance was at its most intense, there was a shock in vain, and the whole person had a new look, thick black smoke came out of his mouth and nose, and he rushed out like a boneless body.

"Congratulations to Black Snake Ridge Liu Wuye's visit!"

This is the unique dharma lineage of the Northeast Dao. Please take the upper body of the gods and send out the disciples—the immortal family to come out!

Among the remaining three warlocks, one of them was quickly tinkering with the big metal box that he carried with him, while the other, tall and fat, waited for an opportunity, ready to rescue Zhou Luofei who was frightened into a fool.

In an instant, the five masters plus Little Thunder Badger formed a siege.

Sword cultivator, talisman master, horse disciple, thunder badger, and Tiangang supernatural powers, none of them are weak players, and there are three warlocks wandering around the periphery, ready to go, such a luxurious lineup is unprecedented, even if it is a master of ordinary real people Also have to avoid the edge.

However, the suture ghost image cannot be judged by common sense. It has no intention of dodging at all. Instead, it is excited like a naughty boy, clapping and jumping, laughing wildly, "Hahaha, it's fun and fun, let's play with me~"

As he spoke, he raised his hand and pointed at the 'Brother Pingtou' who arrived first.

Boom!

A muffled loud bang echoed in the room.

I didn't know what happened at all, and saw the thunder and light collapsing, and the 'Pingtou brother' wailed and flew out like a kite with a broken string.

'Brother Pingtou' lost so quickly that everyone was taken aback.

With sharp eyes and quick hands, Yuan Yutang jumped up and hugged 'Brother Pingtou', ignoring the attack, and quickly left the battlefield to take care of 'Brother Pingtou'.

His retreat hurt Qin Wuji and others who came later. Originally they planned to make up for the damage after Yuan Yutang and 'Brother Pingtou', but before the fight, two generals retreated and lost, completely disrupting Attack tempo.

It's just that the arrow is on the string and I have to send it.

The four had no choice but to bite the bullet and go.

"Excalibur destroys evil spirits, scars thousands of miles, punishes evil spirits!"

Qin Wuji yelled fiercely, and the billowing red sand transformed by the flying sword was like the mouth of a prehistoric monster, viciously biting towards the stitching ghost.

"Haha, are you playing with flying swords? It just so happens that I haven't had a sword cultivator~"

The Stitching Ghost smiled strangely, but I didn't see how it moved. Suddenly, a gap opened in the void, and an illusory surging river gushed out of it, rushing towards the sweeping red sand.

"Pfft~"

hum~

The menacing red sand was swept away by the illusory river, and disappeared in an instant, revealing a pocket flying sword hidden under the red sand, which floated in the air and let out bursts of mourning.

"This, this is the legendary spring water from the underworld? How is it possible?"

The secret technique was broken, Qin Wuji stared wide-eyed and said in surprise, his face turned pale immediately, he opened his mouth and spewed out a bloody arrow, and soon his spirit sank down.

"Hey, ghosts and beasts are going crazy!"

The one who was talking was Old Wang, the talisman master. Seeing the defeat of his good brother Qin Wuji, he was worried about his comfort, so he recklessly urged the mana. The vast flames in the sky dragged the long tail of the star, and accelerated like a missile. go ahead.

"Ah, this fire is very much like the fireworks Daddy said, so beautiful~"

Stitching Ghost is like an innocent country boy, standing there obsessively, looking up at the broom star composed of dozens of yellow symbols.

Boom~

The whole house seemed to be knocked a few times, and in a blinding bright light, the broom star precisely hit the stitched ghost, and then exploded with a bang, flames danced in the sky, and the wind blew violently.

How could the dilapidated house withstand such an impact, the whole body made a toothache creaking sound, and then collapsed suddenly, kicking up a cloud of dust several feet high.

Not long after, a few figures emerged from the mist of dust.

The first one to land was Yuan Yutang, holding the paralyzed Concubine Zhou Luo in one arm, and the 'Brother Pingtou' who was bleeding from the corner of his mouth in the other, with an extremely serious expression on his face.

Immediately afterwards, two talisman masters supporting Qin Wuji appeared.

Finally, there were the three warlocks who hadn't had time to make a move.

Qin Wuji's expression faltered, he was relieved to see that Zhou Luofei was safe and sound, and then coughed violently and asked, "Ahem, cough... are you all alright?"

The three warlocks said they were fine.

At this time, another talisman master suddenly exclaimed, "No, Lao Shan'er is gone!"

Lao Shan is exactly the disciple Wang Shan who went out on horseback.

Just now he went out to ask for immortals, and followed everyone to besiege and sew ghost shadows together, why did he disappear all of a sudden?

With his skill, it is impossible to be stumped by the collapse of a mere house.

unless……

Unless something goes wrong!

Suddenly, Qin Wuji and other warlock guards had an ominous premonition.

Fatty just died not long ago, don't die another old brother~

hiss hiss~

Suddenly, everyone heard a creepy breathing sound.

Soon a gust of cloudy wind rose from the ground, blowing away the cloud of dust that obscured the eyes.

"Old Mountain!"

When Qin Wuji and the others saw the situation in the dust and mist, they were all furious and rushed over roaring.

"Hahaha, it's fun, it's really fun, this person has no bones, it's so fun~"

I saw that the stitched ghost figure that had endured the frontal bombardment of the flame broom star was unscathed, and was pinching the missing disciple Wang Shan in his hand, twisting and kneading wantonly, as if playing with a limp snake.

Wang Shan's face was ashen, his bones were all broken, he had already exhaled more air than inhaled, and the black shadows emerging from his mouth and nose formed an imaginary big snake, struggling painfully to escape.

Heifengling Liuwuchang Liu Wuye is also a well-known fairy family in the Northeast, but he didn't expect that he couldn't go a round in the hands of the sewing ghost.

Seeing Qin Wuji who was filled with righteous indignation and the others attacking, the stitching ghost gave a sly smile, lifted the soft and muddy Wang Shan over his head, and then opened his mouth suddenly, the force was so great that the suture thread on the cheek was broken, and the mouth opened so wide that it was frightening width.

Then, as soon as he let go, Wang Shan, together with the black smoke snake, screamed in despair and fell into the huge mouth of the abyss.

"Ahhhhh~" Qin Wuji was furious, his brother-in-law friend was actually swallowed alive by a ghost right under his nose, it was as if his dignity was being trampled on.

In a fit of rage, Qin Wuji was ready to fight that ghost desperately.

The next moment his eyes went dark, but it was Yuan Yutang who suddenly stopped in front of him.

Qin Wuji was blocked, and the few warlocks behind could only stop.

"What do you want to do?" Qin Wuji asked gnashing his teeth with bloodshot eyes.

Yuan Yutang shook his head gently, and said calmly, "Your current state is very unstable, and you will definitely lose if you fight again. Let me go first."

"Can you do it?"

"I haven't fought, I don't know, but I am sure to save my life."

Panting heavily, Qin Wuji instinctively wanted to refute, but subconsciously knew that Yuan Yutang's words were correct, hesitated again and again, and finally chose to acquiesce.

At this time, they were in the courtyard full of hungry ghost statues. God knows when these ghosts will wake up and act fiercely. Qin Wuji and the others did not forget the biggest duty of this trip, and rushed to protect Concubine Zhou Luo who hadn't recovered yet.


Yuan Yutang walked towards the stitching ghost who was waiting for it step by step.

"Eh~ They've all played with me, what kind of performance do you know?" Stitching Ghost asked Yuan Yutang with a playful smile while hiccupping.

Yuan Yutang smiled slightly and said, "Don't worry, the tricks I know will satisfy you."

"Really?" Stitching Ghost's eyes lit up, and he urged impatiently, "Then hurry up and perform for me, it makes me happy, maybe I can spare you~"

"Hehe, come on then!"

Before the words fell, the wind and rain poured down, and the sky and the earth changed color in an instant.

Boom~

Yuan Yutang was instantly engulfed by a tornado of several feet in size, swirling towards the stitched ghost with terrifying power sweeping over everything.

Tiangang supernatural power - calling the wind and calling the rain!

Yuan Yutang's rare move is to go all out, let go of his body and mind, and use his supernatural powers with all his strength, intending to separate life and death in the shortest possible time.

The reason why he was so cautious was entirely because the stitched ghost image gave him a feeling that was several times more terrifying than the clone of the big monster at Tongshanguan back then.

If you keep your hands, I'm afraid you will die without a burial place.

Before the tornado came, the howling and splashing wind and rain came first.

Stitching ghost image is like a child seeing a novelty toy, jumping and shouting excitedly, "Well, well, it's so fun, I've never seen such a fun pattern~"

In the next second, the wind and rain like knives and needles tore up its ugly and terrifying stitched skin, revealing its true appearance.

The head is big, the abdomen is big, the hands are long and the feet are short, and the face is hideous and terrifying.

Sure enough, as Yuan Yutang expected, the deity who sewed up the ghost image was the legendary Hungry Ghost of the Buddha Kingdom, Porobacha.

Hungry ghosts are in power, and there is no way out. Even if the crimes are added to the body, and they will fall forever, they will never hesitate.

kill!


		