

"who are you!"

The Mengshuang family felt as if they were facing a formidable enemy in an instant, and screamed sternly.

The thin figure slowly stepped out of the shadow under the eaves, and it turned out to be a pale boy in plain white robes, holding an oil-paper umbrella.

The boy replied indifferently, "A little Taoist priest passing by."

As he spoke, the young man glanced at Chen Shengshi, who was under the control of the Mengshuang family, and then asked in a discussing tone, "I know that your grievances are hard to appease, but you almost slaughtered Wangjiacun, and you forced to death all those who were directly related to you. You are already dead, why bother to persist in your obsession?"

"Although at the price of not being able to reincarnate forever, you are suffering twenty ways to get revenge in the space between Huangquan Road and human beings, but the Dao is fifty, the sky is fourty-nine, and people are one of them. Maybe you let this innocent person go. Heaven has pity on your child, maybe there is still a chance of reincarnation?"

"Enough!" Meng Shuang suddenly snarled and interrupted, two ferocious grimaces glared at the young man in turns, and shouted in a tone of extreme resentment, "What qualifications do you have to speak out here?"

"Have you ever been betrayed by someone you trusted the most?"

"Have you ever experienced the utter despair that life is worse than death?"

"Have you ever experienced the extreme powerlessness of watching your loved one be humiliated, but you can't do anything about it?"

"If not, why are you preaching to us?"

Hearing the words, the young man sighed with a wry smile, and said helplessly, "So there's nothing to discuss?"

"There's no door!" Meng Shuang roared resolutely.

The young man nodded, suddenly smiled, and softly said a confusing name:

"Brother Pingtou."

As soon as the words were finished, a bolt of lightning flashed across a pear tree outside the courtyard that was higher than the fence, and rushed to Meng Shuangshi in an instant with lightning speed.

Meng Shuang was shocked suddenly, but before it could react, suddenly his hand was empty, and when he looked subconsciously, he saw Chen Shengshi, who was unconscious, surrounded by the electric light, appearing behind Cao Ying in an instant.

When the lightning dissipated, Mengshuang found that the one snatching food from it was a small animal the size of a mammary dog, black and white, and the hair on the top of its head was as smooth as a cut. Two small melon seeds were naively holding a bunch of candied haws, Stick out your little tongue and lick it happily.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

With such strange features, the little beast is clearly the legendary Thunder Badger!

The little badger has grown up quite a bit compared to when he was just born, and he has also given birth to a beautiful fur.

And the boy who can drive Thunder Badger and call out the name 'Brother Pingtou' that doesn't belong to this world is naturally Yuan Yutang!

He finally arrived belatedly, and rescued Men Hulu and Cao Ying's mother and son at the critical moment.

After losing the hostage, Meng Shuang's face was extremely ugly.

In fact, it has long seen that the sudden Yuan Yutang is not easy to mess with. Although it looks sick, the strong mana fluctuations flowing around it make it palpitate, making it afraid to do it immediately.

Originally, he was not afraid of the hostages, but unexpectedly, a Thunder Badger with an astonishing speed suddenly appeared and rescued Chen Shengshi from it abruptly.

When a ghost meets a Taoist priest, it is an endless ending, not to mention that Yuan Yutang came here specially for the three of them, so it is even more difficult to deal with.

Losing the biggest trump card, Meng Shuangshi was forced into a desperate situation, and could not help but feel the yin qi soaring, the yin wind churning, ready to fight to the death.

Yuan Yutang ignored the beleaguered Mengshuang clan, and turned to Cao Yingwen, who was crying and laughing while hugging her lost son, and said, "Sister-in-law, Brother Hu is seriously injured, why don't you take him and his nephew away first? Give it to me."

Even though Cao Ying saw Yuan Yutang for the first time, she instinctively trusted him, and then struggled to lift the heavy gourd, carrying her son who was also confused in one hand, and walked out of the yard with difficulty.

"I can't go!"

Meng Shuang snarled, and suddenly a gust of cold wind struck like a knife.

squeak~

Before Yuan Yutang could make a move, the little badger who was happily licking candied haws let out a scream, and then turned into lightning in an instant, attacking Yinfeng first, and keeping a vigilant eye on Meng Shuangshi after landing, step by step to protect Cao Ying and retreat .

With Yuan Yutang restraining her in the front and Lei Badger blocking her back, Meng Shuang was full of grievances and had nowhere to vent her anger. She was about to go crazy. She raised her head and let out a piercing howl that seemed to be crying, and suddenly turned into an afterimage. , rushed towards Cao Ying who was about to walk out of the courtyard.

"Hey, what a dead brain." Yuan Yutang smiled wryly, and then his eyes suddenly narrowed, and he raised his sword finger, and said in a deep voice, "Wind Wall!"

Huh~

A gust of bitter wind came from nowhere and slammed between Cao Ying and Meng Shuang's family. Driven by mana, the originally invisible wind turned out to be like a thick transparent wall.

"Aw~" Meng Shuangshi slammed into the wind wall without hesitation.

With a muffled bang, Meng Shuangshi's two sticky heads collided immediately, and his skull was smashed to pieces, and he flew back to the center of the yard.

In Yuan Yutang's current state, it is unrealistic to fully exert the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain', but after using it many times, he has gradually found some simple applications that are not heavy burdens. This invisible wind wall that can be attacked and defended is one of them. one.

However, although the Mengshuang clan returned home in defeat, Yuan Yutang did not relax.

Because he knows it's not over yet.

Sure enough, Meng Shuang bounced up as soon as he landed, and his broken head returned to its original state.

"Stinky Niubi, how dare you stop us from revenge, aren't you afraid of being backlashed by luck?" After suffering a big loss, Meng Shuangshi rarely calmed down, and began to try to attack his heart.

Yuan Yutang laughed when he heard the words, but did not explain.

Bad luck?

How big of a deal is it, to prevent the revenge of the debt collector ghost from being backlashed by luck, is it more serious than helping the monkey monster to get the seal?

From the very beginning, he had no intention of turning his back on his old brother. The reason why he came so late was actually another reason, which will be explained later.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang remained unmoved, Meng Shuang instinctively sensed something was wrong.

Although the young Taoist priest in front of him was young, he couldn't see what his cultivation was at all, and he had an inexplicable feeling of inscrutability.

If this damned Taoist insists on blocking, I'm afraid it won't be able to touch Cao Ying's mother and son.

The threat plan failed, and Meng Shuangshi immediately changed his strategy.

With a thud, Meng Shuang suddenly fell to his knees in the mud, kowtowed like onions, and the two grimaces kept changing their weeping voices, "Master Taoist, the so-called good and evil will be rewarded in the end, you are a master of the Taoist school, and you pay attention to obedience." It's natural, and it's done in peace, if wronged people can't appeal, and wicked people can't get retribution, then wouldn't the universe and human relations be completely messed up?"

"I beg the Taoist priest to raise your hands high and fulfill the long-cherished wish of our husband and wife. Let us avenge our revenge and make a break with this filthy and chaotic world!"

After hearing this, Yuan Yutang was moved and refused (very moved and then refused).

"Smelly bull-nosed, shameless, do you really think we can do nothing about you?"

Facing Yuan Yutang, who never changed his mind, Meng Shuang's face was completely torn, and he roared fiercely.

Yuan Yutang sighed quietly, raised his little hand, and condensed a mass of swirling wind out of thin air, which was continuously compressed and gradually formed into a fist-sized pellet. .

The wind is impermanent, and the rain has no phase.

Wind and rain help each other, invisible and invisible.

This is clearly the simplest version of the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain', and it is also the biggest experience he has pondered over this period of time.

Originally he thought of the name "Spiral Pill", but after thinking about the fact that no one in this world knows the origin of Hokage, he casually called it "Rain and Rain".

Although it was on the verge of breaking out, Yuan Yutang still persuaded, "Meng Shuang, I am the twenty-eighth generation head of the Jingshan sect. I don't practice talismans, I am not good at alchemy, I am not good at formations, and I am not good at divination." , don't get involved in secrets, and concentrate on the way of killing. If the poor way makes a move, you will cut off even the last chance of survival.

And one last question to you, are you willing to give up? "

"Straight to you!"

Meng Shuang's defense was broken in an instant, and it was rare for him to swear an extremely vulgar slang word, which turned into a cloud of howling ghosts and wolves, surging towards him.

Yuan Yutang could only let go of his last luck, his eyes became extremely sharp, his magic power surged, and he wanted to throw the 'Wind and Rain' in his hand.

Just at the critical moment, suddenly there was a baby-like voice from outside the courtyard, but an incomparably solemn Buddha's chant:

"Namo Amitabha……"

The next moment, as if struck by lightning, the shady Mengshuang clan was strangely frozen in mid-air, as if a huge invisible golden bowl was holding him down.

Yuan Yutang showed a wry smile helplessly, shook his hand, and the 'wind and rain urgent' went out immediately.

Looking up, I saw a young monk about four or five years old, wearing a moon white robe, walking inward step by step.

The little monk has fair skin, and his chubby little face resembles the famous animation star Crayon Shin-chan on the earth. He looks extremely pleasing, with a gentle and solemn expression. A pair of chubby hands are holding a bunch of large prayer beads together. The Buddha sang every time, and there was faint light and rain in the dark night, and there seemed to be Sanskrit sounds lingering between the words, and there was an inexplicable sense of sacred sight of the solemn treasure.

Coming in front of Meng Shuangshi who was fixed in mid-air, the little monk had kind eyebrows and kind eyes, and a peaceful glow bloomed between the immature brows, and said softly:

"All living beings are suffering, and the only way is to cross over by yourself. God's will is impermanent, let nature take its course...Fool, the suffering in this life is just the result of the evil debt you owed in the previous life. Now that the blood revenge has been avenged, why bother to kill more? What about sins? The sea of ​​suffering is boundless, if you turn your head and see the shore, why don’t you put down the butcher’s knife and become a Buddha right away?”

The last word of Buddha is like Huang Zhong Dalu, echoing constantly in the world.

Immediately after that, a miraculous thing happened, Meng Shuangshi returned to its original form, but the grievances on his body disappeared completely, and the two bodies that were glued together separated again and returned to their previous appearance.

Wang Zhongqing and Chen Zhilan looked at each other in surprise, and then hugged each other tightly with tears of joy.

Yuan Yutang took out a cigarette from nowhere and put it on, walked up to the little monk, and said with emotion, "Mengshuang is the most miserable ghost. He used hatred as his power and suffered for decades before he could be revived and take revenge. The price is In the past, lovers who loved each other turned their backs on each other, and although they exist in the same body, they will never see each other again, which is really sad and deplorable."

"Amitabha, it is precisely because of this that this little monk wants to save this poor couple." The little monk replied solemnly.

Yuan Yutang shook his head and remained silent.

If he could be overthrown, why would he want to kill him?

It must be known that the Mengshuang family is riddled with evil obstacles, and when a monk encounters it, he must be infected with karma and bite himself back.

However, he is not good at learning, he only practiced the method of killing, ten people tied up are not as good as a young Buddhist monk.

After the fateful pair of mandarin ducks weeping with joy in mid-air told about the pain of lovesickness, they finally let go of their hatred and attachment in the Buddhist singing full of ambitions of the little monk. They all emitted soft white light and bowed deeply to Yuan Yutang and the little monk hand in hand. Disappeared like flying ash.

Finally, the matter of Meng Shuang's family was settled properly, Yuan Yutang was going to find Cao Ying and the others, but he didn't want to be blocked by the little monk just as he turned around.

With a chubby little face, the little monk said solemnly in a childlike voice, "The benefactor has the roots of great wisdom and is born with a destiny with my Buddha. Why don't you let go of the mundane worries and take refuge in my Buddha?"

"The little monk Baiyun is not talented, and he is willing to be a benefactor and guide the way."


		