

Martial arts is the common dream of every Chinese boy on earth, and the spirit of chivalry has influenced countless generations.

Being a chivalrous hero is a dream that every Chinese man has dreamed about, but some people have been smoothed out by the society after they grow up, and they can only choose to follow the trend, annihilate everyone, and completely bury their chivalrous dreams.

But there are very few people who are still carrying out their dreams. Even if they are not understood by others, even if they are incompatible with the generally indifferent values ​​of society, they still stick to their own path.

Yuan Yutang is such a person.

Regardless of past and present lives, he is a very simple person. It doesn't mean that he is short-sighted, but that his way of thinking is very pure.

Once he recognizes a fact, he will unswervingly implement it, even if it is just useless work.

In his previous life, he practiced muay thai hard for more than ten years, rain or shine, which is the best proof.

In the indifferent society on earth, Yuan Yutang is like a different kind.

He once acted bravely on the bus and turned seven or eight pickpockets to the police station regardless of threats.

However, after doing a good deed, what rewarded him was not praise and encouragement, but malicious blasphemy!

The greatest blasphemy against his chivalrous beliefs!

The bus acted bravely, and all the people in the bus sat majesticly watching him being besieged by a few pickpockets with knives, not even a word of righteousness.

Helping the sufferer recover the loss, without even a word of thanks, just looking at him like a fool, and then got out of the car without saying a word, leaving him to clean up the mess alone.

He spared no effort to catch up with the bag stolen by the speeding party, and was complained by the owner, cursing him why he didn't take action earlier, causing the precious bag to be torn, completely ignoring Yuan Yutang's bloody wound when he threw down and robbed the speeding party.

Rescuing people who fell into the water in winter, he was completely frozen, and was insulted indiscriminately by the family members of the people who fell into the water. They suspected that he pushed people into the water to save people hypocritically, and even threatened to call the police and send him to jail.

He faces the world with the greatest kindness, but the world rewards him with malice.

Although he was repeatedly denied the chivalrous dream he insisted on, he has no complaints or regrets.

It's not that he's stupid, but that he feels that one should have persistence and faith after all.

The road is chosen by himself, even if it is difficult, he will go on.

Of course, as an adult with a good IQ, he also reflected on it afterwards.

Reflect on why your chivalry is not accepted by society.

The reason is simple and sad.

That's why I'm too weak

It is so weak that it cannot give victims a sense of security at all, it is so weak that victims dare not stand with themselves to fight against evil, and it is even so weak that they may not even be able to resist the criminals' revenge every time.

The human heart is fragile, not to mention the cost of trial and error is too great, wise and safe is the best choice to live in a modern society without miracles.

After figuring out the key to the problem, Yuan Yutang understood very well, but he couldn't help but feel sad.

If you have an invulnerable steel body, powerful invincible power that can lift mountains, and extremely fast speed, can you ignore the revenge of criminals and carry out your own chivalry to the fullest?

Fantasy is illusory after all, life still has to live.

Yuan Yutang originally thought that he would wait until he was older like most people, when he had a family, and when he was exhausted by the heavy life

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Will choose to bury the dream of chivalry deep in my heart.

Unexpectedly, God gave him a second choice.

Let him travel to another world of Liaozhai, where there are demons, ghosts, fairies, and foxes.

What's more, he didn't expect that he was also selected by the ancient book "The Secret Technique of Tiangang", endowing him with extraordinary supernatural powers that he could only dream of in his previous life.

Although it has been almost a year since he came to this world, he still hasn't been able to fully integrate into this strange family, and he hasn't fully confirmed his chivalrous views of good and evil.

Until now... Yuan Yutang closed his eyes and meditated. He seemed calm on the surface, but his heart was full of agitation.

The three pictures and the three stories seem to be different, but they all point to the same core issue.

What is good and what is evil?


There is no new screen story, and the voice-over is not urged, as if everything is frozen and still.

After a long time, Yuan Yutang let out a breath of turbid air, and slowly opened his eyes. There was a light shining in his eyes, a long-lost light called faith and perseverance!

"There are two kinds of chivalrous men in the world, one is the great chivalrous one who takes the public heart as his own heart, and the other is the chivalrous man who takes my heart to complement the sky's heart. The truth of the mouth."

"But I have my own beliefs, I have my own set of principles of good and evil, I will not be moved by external objects, and I will not be intimidated by difficulties. I believe so firmly and implement it!"

"In the first story, the middle-aged doctor is ill and knows no reason. The doctor cares about his parents, ignores God's warning, and mistakenly saves an evil chieftain who will commit crimes in the future. If I want to judge good and evil, and decide right from wrong..."

"Then my answer is..."

"Not guilty!"

"Killing one person to save thousands is an extremely difficult decision, not to mention the illusory omens of the future. If he gives up the way of medicine he has always insisted on and chooses to die just because of a fantasy, I will spit on him and curse him." Not worthy of the name of a doctor!"

"A true brave man should face the storm, not be afraid of it!"

"The only thing that makes me feel unfair is that the middle-aged doctors didn't take responsibility!"

At this time, the voice of the picture that had been silent for a long time asked in surprise, "No responsibility?"

Yuan Yutang hummed heavily, and then continued, "The mistakes I made, I should clean up the mess myself. Since tens of millions of innocent people died because of my mistakes, I should bear the hatred of countless innocent souls, and try to get rid of them. That young man who did evil was punished, instead of breaking himself because of a disturbed conscience!

That's just a coward's self-evasion, not a brave man's responsibility! "

After finishing speaking, Yuan Yutang seemed to be unshackled, his mind seemed to be sublimating, and something seemed to be forming in the dark, suppressing his excitement and continuing:

"The second story, the national hero who used to be a bully and turned his prodigal son back into gold, if I were to judge good and evil, and decide right from wrong..."

"Then my answer is..."

"guilty!"

The voice-over pondered for a moment, then mumbled, "Tell me your reason!"

Yuan Yutang's expression was not hesitant, and he said in a deep voice, "It is true that as you said, that person has made great contributions to the country, has virtuousness to the people, defended his family and country, and saved countless people, but this is not enough to cover up the evil deeds he put down when he was young. !"

"Buddhas often say: Put down the butcher's knife and turn your back on the shore. I don't accept this truth!"

"Although it is very exciting for the prodigal son to turn his head back, but the flaws do not hide the goodness, and if you make a mistake, you are wrong. How can you let the bad things you did before just because you put down the butcher knife and turn back to the shore?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

What about writing it off? "

"If the cost of being wrong is so cheap, what are the good people who have always followed the "do good deeds and don't worry about the future"?"

"If a great hero erases his past evil deeds because of attacking foreign enemies, then let the eight innocent souls who died because of him, and the seven fragmented families who lived in pain all their lives, do they deserve it?"

"That's why, I don't like the way of pretending and standing up the most!"

"That's why I didn't run into each other. If the great hero meets me, I must do my best to help those innocent people who have been bullied by him get back a debt of blood!"

The voice-over seemed not expecting Yuan Yutang to say such extreme words. After a moment of silence, he said quietly, "Your way of chivalry is very extreme. Tell me your judgment on the ultimate chivalrous man."

Yuan Yutang's eyes turned red suddenly, like a raging lion, he roared with all his strength:

"The great chivalrous man! How can the way of chivalry be so blasphemous!!"

"It's true that the fame seeker has no selfish motives. He chose to assassinate the leader of the rebel army purely for the sake of quelling the war."

"but!"

"But his mistake is that he only cared about righteousness and turned a blind eye to the few!"

"It's obvious that the royal family of that country is rotten to the root, and it's clear that those common people rarely have the courage to fight bravely for freedom, injustice, and equality. It's obviously the best time to awaken a nation to strive for self-improvement..."

"What about him? What did he do?"

"He is killing that country, that nation's future!"

"And the motivation behind everything is just for the big picture that doesn't make sense!"

"Fuck the big picture! This kind of selflessness, this kind of chivalry, how is it different from a cage?"

"If the great hero just makes me feel angry, then this great hero is the enemy of life and death that I will kill without regret by whatever means!!"

"Such a person who doesn't distinguish between right and wrong, who deceives the world and steals his name, should be hacked into pieces to vent his anger!!"

As if venting the last impurity in his belief with the roar, Yuan Yutang suddenly calmed down abnormally, his eyes seemed to be shining, and he said with sincerity and joy:

"It is true that the evil in the world is endless, and it is true that the chivalrous spirit I believe in is extreme, but good and evil are rewarded, so that more sages can be awakened. Even if you kill a thousand villains, you can only pass on the chivalrous way I practice. For a self-improvement person, this is enough.

With the first person, there will be a second one, and a third one, just like passing on the torch, awakening more self-improvement one after another, and when the time comes, someone will do evil, and someone will stop it immediately... ..."

"Such a chivalrous way, isn't it thousands of times stronger than that hypocrite who seems righteous but actually deceives himself and others?"

"Looking at the people of China from their infancy to their present glory, wouldn't countless pioneers like me throw their heads and blood to wake up the world?

Although the process may be painful, frustrating, and difficult, as long as there are people who adhere to the idea that good and evil are rewarded, this nation will have a hopeful future! ! "

"My master told me before he died that he would only do what he could do in his life, saving lives of people who should not be saved. This statement has already covered the vicissitudes of the world!"

"No matter how difficult the road ahead is, I will stick to my chivalrous way, even if it only wakes up a very few people!"

The cry that seemed to come from the soul made Yuan Yutang's spirit infinitely elevated. When he didn't realize it, the unknown space around him seemed to be boiling.

It seems that the entire space can't accommodate his chivalrous belief of clarifying his mind and proving his wisdom, pointing directly at his heart! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		