

"Boom boom boom..."

When Naimertai stepped into the room, the coffins in the room seemed to riot instantly, and there was a muffled knock on the door almost at the same time.

Immediately afterwards, there was a continuous "creak" sound that made people's teeth sore, and the lids of more than fifty coffins slowly slid open.

Dozens of blue and black palms covered with thick hair rested on the edge of the coffin.

Then, a large group of terrifying figures sat up one after another.

All of them had haggard faces, green overgrowths on their shriveled bodies, red-eyed fangs, and dark green unknown breaths from their mouths and noses, like savages.

"Roar~"

In an instant, the dark green atmosphere filled the room, like a whirlpool room filled with steam.

The people watching outside the door were startled, their eyes showed panic and subconsciously backed away.

Zombies! !

Sure enough, the coffin was full of zombies!

A group of corpses surrounded him, but Naimertai still walked unhurriedly into the depths of the house.

As a super-powerful martial artist whose realm surpasses that of a martial arts master, but has not yet reached the legendary martial arts master's realm, some green-haired zombies are not in his eyes.

Zombies also have realms, which are generally distinguished by hair color.

They are the seven realms of wandering corpse-white zombie-green zombie-purple zombie-red zombie-colorful corpse-魃.

From wandering corpses to green zombies, they are all low-level zombies, and their strength is comparable to that of monks among warlocks. They are the most numerous and common.

Purple stiffness to red stiffness correspond to the realm of real people. They are considered high-level zombies.

Colorful corpses are rare, even rarer than human immortals in legends, they don't meet in a hundred years, once they are born, they will surely die.

The last Ba is enough to be included in the rank of gods and demons. It is comparable to the peak of human immortals.

Back to the topic, Namurtai found some interesting clues.

With sharp eyes, he discovered that there was a robbery hole in the innermost corner. Seeing that the piled soil was moist, it was undoubtedly a fresh robbery hole that had just been dug.

interesting!

Back shoveling shadows, inexplicable cave robbers, and missing tomb robbers, you don't need to think about whose masterpiece this is.

A icy smile appeared on Naimertai's face, and his footsteps remained unabated.

A green-haired zombie wearing tattered women's and children's clothes just crawled out of the coffin, and immediately met Naimertai who was passing by.

The exuberant aura of blood emanating from the warrior's body immediately drove the zombies of women and children crazy, bared their teeth and arms, and rushed towards Namurtai like a gust of wind.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Naimertai frowned, and snorted displeasedly, "Noisy!"

As soon as the words fell, and he didn't see how he moved, the zombie of the woman and child seemed to hit an invisible barrier, and was ejected at a speed several times faster than when it came.

The zombies of women and children fell into the group of corpses like cannonballs, knocking down a large area immediately, but it was silent again.

Because its entire head and half of its body were smashed out of thin air.

The companion died tragically for no reason, and Naimertai's arrogant behavior successfully angered the group of mentally retarded corpses.

"Roar~"

The angry roar almost collapsed the big house, but Nam Ertai hadn't reacted yet, but those besieging people outside were so frightened that they ran away with their heads in their hands.

A group of corpses rushed towards him, Naimertai took a deep breath, his eyes fixed.

Immediately afterwards!

A terrifying infuriating energy that was as vast as a galloping horse erupted in vain.

Zombies are not like faceless monsters who blew themselves up indiscriminately. To Naimertai, they are nothing to fear. If they dare to be arrogant, they will all die again!

The big house that had been in disrepair for a long time couldn't stand such devastation, and it suddenly collapsed.

The people who almost retreated to the front yard were both shocked and relieved.

The shock and peace of mind are due to Naimertai's super strength.

As long as he is not dead, everyone should be safe.

Boom~

The broken walls that had been silent for a long time suddenly exploded from the inside, and Namurtai stood proudly, with dry limbs and broken arms under his feet. Obviously, the more than fifty green-haired zombies had all perished.

"Come here, you've caught the tail of 'Unable to Dig'."

Everyone was shocked when they heard the words, and they knew it immediately when they saw the robbery hole in the past.

Just as Situ Hongyi was about to say something, he was roughly interrupted by Naimertai:

"It's too late to think about it, don't forget why this place is overgrown with grass!"

Others were confused when they heard it, but Situ Hongyi instantly understood.

Sure enough, something strange happened soon.

I saw dry arms that were as dense as a forest protruding from the grassy soil, and within a moment, countless zombies emerged from the soil, staggering towards the crowd.

Why do lush weeds grow on the scorched earth?

There is only one answer!

It is nothing more than burying a large number of corpses underground! !

According to the theory of the creation and suppression of all things that can't be dug out, these zombies should be special weapons for restraining faceless monsters.

It's just that such a sharp weapon has not waited for the faceless monster to taste it, but everyone has a taste of it first.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Facing the turbulent mass of corpses, everyone was immediately frightened and their scalps went numb.

Situ Hongyi, who had a gloomy face, got into the robber's cave without saying a word, and the rest followed in panic.

Naimertai stayed behind at the end, and he didn't jump into it until everyone had gone in.

At the same time, he did not forget to use his energy to collapse the entrance and isolate the crazy group of corpses.


Yuan Yutang supported the wall with one hand, covered his chest with the other, and walked forward with difficulty on the empty and strange race track.

The back road has retreated, if he does not want to be trapped here, he must move forward.

And he's in a bad situation right now.

Not only was his right arm shattered from the battle against the half-human, half-worm monster, but his internal organs were also crushed, and now his whole body is in pain like needles when he moves.

He lost all his mana and was unable to use supernatural powers, and was seriously injured. No matter how tough his will was, he couldn't help but gradually become pessimistic.

The horse racing Dodge was extremely long, and he didn't know how long he had walked. Just when he was about to lose his strength, the scene in front of him changed, and he suddenly became enlightened.

At the end of the road, there turned out to be an unfathomably huge courtyard.

The base of the wellhead is made of granite as high as a person, and it is more than a foot above the ground. There is a row of stone steps for going up and down. There are iron bolts on the edge to fix several large rusty iron chains that are as thick as an adult's waist. The other end fell straight to the bottom of the well.

From time to time, thick white mist gushes out from the wellhead, like a revived volcano.

Yuan Yutang looked dazzled at the huge courtyard in front of him, and felt an inexplicable fear in his heart.

Suddenly, there was a throbbing in his chest.

Yuan Yutang was overjoyed, thinking that the ancient book "Tiangang Secret Technique" had become holy again, and hurriedly took it out of his pocket.

Only after taking it out did I realize that the source of the throbbing was actually a silver cross of unknown origin.

Holding the throbbing silver cross in horror, Yuan Yutang's vaguely calling voice bewitched him to go to the well to find out.

Yuan Yutang bit the tip of his tongue violently, using the severe pain to stimulate his mind to regain consciousness.

Trembling along the stone steps, he walked up to the edge of the wellhead, which was wide enough for three people to line up at the same time. Looking at the misty white mist, the bottomless dark bottom of the well, and those rusty iron chains that were unusually thick, His heart trembled for a while.

In the previous life, there was a legend in the capital that locked the Dragon Well and imprisoned the dragon. Could it be that the terrifying monsters are also suppressed here?

After half an hour, Yuan Yutang's eyes narrowed, he grasped the big iron chain hanging down, and climbed down cautiously.

There is no way to retreat, only forward!

He wanted to see what was calling the silver cross down the well.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		