

In the unknown space, dragons chant and lightning flashes, chilling the loneliness.

Yuan Yutang was as imposing as a rainbow, running wildly with his feet, and each foot seemed to have a force of ten thousand weights, stamping heavily on the ground to make clear footprints.

The joking Namurtai suddenly let out a surprise, and commented with a little appreciation, "That's right, I know that the wound has just healed and the qi and blood are not going well, so I use the counterforce of stepping on the ground to shake the qi and blood. It's very thoughtful, and it's a good idea for practicing martial arts. , It’s a pity that I chose the wrong faction and provoked the wrong people.”

Just as what Naimertai said, Yuan Yutang activated his blood vessels by running wildly, and when he was ten steps away, he felt that his whole body was full of strength and there was no sense of stagnation, and then he jumped up suddenly.

The mouth is tightly pursed, but the chest is full of turbulent vigor.

Suddenly, a long and clear neighing sound shook the world.

"The law of the law~"

It seemed that Yuan Yutang turned into a wild horse in an instant, with his two thighs raised high, like unstoppable iron hooves, carrying the tragic momentum of crushing everything in the world, stepping out fiercely.

This is Yuan Yutang's other bottom-of-the-box stunt besides the windmill ax kick, the ultimate move of ancient Muay Thai - wild horse stepping on the ground!

The ultimate move is coming, Naimertai is still not in a hurry, and he continues to comment with interest, "The horse has a steady shape, a long stamina, is good at trampling with hooves, and runs through the limbs with force from the buttocks. A pictographic punch that enters the room."

Nam Ertai suddenly smiled evilly, "It's not rude to come and go, since you are good at using pictographic fist, then I will also use pictographic fist to repay you!"

After saying that, Naimertai's aura rose up in vain, his figure flickered, and he disappeared in place strangely.

Although the person disappeared, Naimertai's murderous aura surged wildly, as if forming a closed space isolated from the world, trapping Yuan Yutang firmly in it.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's hair stood on end, as if he was alone in the wilderness surrounded by a pack of wolves, and countless pairs of murderous green eyes stared at him.

Although he knew it was not good, the wild horse had already stepped on the ground, so there was no room for him to back down.

Yuan Yutang bit the bullet, his legs instantly became blurred, and immediately dozens of foot shadows poured away like a rainstorm of pear blossoms.

"Howling~"

The shrill howling of wolves seemed to sound in his heart, Yuan Yutang's body suddenly trembled, and he secretly yelled that something was wrong.

Before he could react, countless half-real wolf shadows appeared from all directions, rushing towards him.

With nowhere to hide in mid-air, Yuan Yutang could only use the wild horse's legs on the ground to the extreme.

In an instant, the airflow was disordered, the piercing sound of air explosions became one, and the horses neighed and the wolves howled, just like the cruel scene of wolves hunting on the grassland.

The vision came strangely and ended quickly.

In the blink of an eye, the two completed the second round of confrontation and passed each other.

Yuan Yutang fell heavily to the ground, with bloodshot eyes slowly overflowing from the corners of his mouth. He looked like a torn-up and stitched rag doll. There was hardly a single piece of good flesh on his body, and every wound seemed to be scratched and bitten by a hungry wolf. More than ordinary, shocking to the extreme.

Namurtai calmly brushed the clear footprints on his clothes on his chest, and said with a half-smile, "It's better than before, at least you can meet me."

"How? My wolf shape is not bad, right?"

Yuan Yutang turned over and stood up with a gloomy face, ignoring the blood dripping all over his body, striding towards the fire pit that had not been extinguished by the thunder, picked up the burning mud and paste it on the wound on his body as if he didn't feel it.

Zizizi~

White smoke mixed with the smell of barbecue quietly rose in the air, and soon Yuan Yutang treated the wound simply and roughly.

The two rounds were completely below, but Yuan Yutang did not feel depressed or panicked at all. Instead, he closed his eyes and concentrated, as if reflecting on the shortcomings in the battle just now.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)


Naimertai was like a cat playing with a mouse without urging him, allowing Yuan Yutang to recover and rest.

In the field he is best at, he doesn't mind how Yuan Yutang is jumping up and down, making up his mind to kill people.

The more tenacious Yuan Yutang was, the more pleasure he felt in revenge.

After half a sound, Yuan Yutang exhaled a mouthful of foul air with a strong smell of blood, and suddenly opened his eyes, and there seemed to be wild flames jumping in the pupils.

Shua~

Without warning, Yuan Yutang tore off the Xuan-level cassock that looked like tattered cloth strips, and then wrapped the shredded cloth strips around his fists with the unique wrapping method of Muay Thai masters.

After wrapping his fists tightly with a thick layer of cloth, he slammed his fists together, and after making a muffled sound, he grinned at Namurtai and said, "Come again."

Wrapping his fists with hemp means that he is going to do his best.

Hearing this, Naimertai raised a cruel arc at the corner of his mouth, but without answering, he lightly hooked his fingers, signaling Yuan Yutang to let his horse come over.

With a swish, Yuan Yutang sprinted at top speed as if he was stepping on a hot wheel.

That explosive speed was even faster than a sweaty horse, ordinary people couldn't even see his shadow.

However, in the eyes of the martial arts master, he is not much faster than a snail.

Leaping forward, Yuan Yutang flicked his wrist without saying a word, and his cloth-wrapped fist shot out like a cannonball, directly hitting the vital point of Naimertai's jaw.

Naimertai proudly carried his right hand on his back, and stretched out his left palm, as if his entire left arm had transformed into a cave spirit snake in an instant, pressing and pushing against the incoming iron fist. Like a mud cow falling into the sea, it becomes invisible.

This is not over yet, after Yuan Yutang's strength was removed, Namurtai Zuozhang's five fingers stretched out, and the five fingers stabbed down like sharp fangs in the mouth of a spirit snake.

People of the Wu family are already astonishingly strong, even if they lose their true energy, the physique of the Wu family master is still comparable to a prehistoric beast.

Once this stabbing is carried out, Yuan Yutang's entire fist may be scratched to pieces.

At the very moment, Yuan Yutang raised a strange smile, his forward body stopped suddenly, and then his back foot kicked off the ground suddenly, his knee as hard as iron slammed into him like a furious rhinoceros.

The ancient muay thai ultimate move - rhino bumping horns!

The target of the thunderous knee bump was actually Namurtai's crotch!

This unreasonable surprise attack immediately caught Namurtai by surprise, and he didn't care to abolish Yuan Yutang first, so he hurriedly pinched his knees to protect the side.

Without true energy to protect the body, even a man as arrogant as Naimertai would not dare to use the ancestral temple to try the danger.

Unexpectedly, Yuan Yutang knocked his knee halfway, and retracted it strangely.

At the same time as the recovery, the front feet jumped up lightly, and then jumped again when the feet landed, the whole person suddenly rose half a meter, his hands wrapped around Naimertai's thick neck like lightning, and he pressed hard with the inertia of his body when he fell, and immediately It crushed Namurtai's boxing frame and shifted his center of gravity.

Namurtai was shocked, and before he could react, he was pressed down.

Huh~

The sound of the lingering wind rattled the eardrums, and Namurtai's vision blurred, a knee that seemed to be made of poured steel was enlarged sharply.

Constrained by others, Naimertai no longer had the calmness he had before, and only had time to hastily set up his arms to block.

touch~

The dull beating sound was like thunder on the ground.

Before Naimertai could fight back, a series of knee bumps suddenly struck like a storm.

bang bang bang bang~

The rain hits plantains, and the dense explosions continue to explode.

Naimertai was dazzled by this unprecedented but extremely cruel series of knee bumps.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

I didn't expect to underestimate the enemy for a while, but to be so passive.

In just a short moment, Yuan Yutang hit hundreds of fierce and fierce knee bumps.

The two arms were hit so hard that he almost lost consciousness, Naimertai was anxious and angry, but he was helpless.

This is the ultimate mystery of the famous Muay Thai on the earth-knee-knee kick!

Muay Thai in the previous life was not well known to the world, and most foreign fighters would lose more than win when encountering a muay thai master's hoop.

Yuan Yutang first took the initiative to show his flaws and sent his fist in front of Naimertai, predicting that he would not let go of the temptation to cripple his hand, and then changed his strategy to pretend to attack the crotch when the fish took the bait, and waited for Naimertai to return to defense in a hurry Finally, he closed the net with a poor dagger, and performed a neck-and-knee strike.

The whole plan is extremely dangerous, but if one link goes wrong, Yuan Yutang will be doomed, it's like walking a high-altitude tightrope.

When Naimertai's hard power was far inferior to that of Naimertai, if he wanted to survive, he could only rely on his ingenuity to win by surprise.

Thanks to Naimertai's arrogance and underestimation of the enemy, Yuan Yutang was able to succeed in his scheme.

Taking advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, Yuan Yutang tried his best, and the heavy and violent knee bump was faster than the next blow, and the blow was heavier than the next blow, as if as long as Naimertai survived, he could hit the sky.

Boom!

Gele ~ Gele ~

I don't know how long it took, after an extremely heavy knee hit, two crisp fracture sounds suddenly sounded.

"Ah~"

Namurtai let out a shrill scream, watching in horror that the arm protecting the vital parts of the head and chest fell limply due to the fracture.

This scream and the previous bone fracture sounded like heaven to Yuan Yutang, and his spirit was shaken instantly.

Concentrating all his strength on his right knee, he wanted to kill Naimertai, a serious threat, in one go.

"Aren't you very arrogant? Don't you keep talking about losing your dog? Why aren't you crazy?"

"Fuck your mother, let me die!"

Yuan Yutang yelled loudly, as if the hostility that had been teased before also unstoppably hit Naimertai's wide-open head and face with Shi Potian's shocking knee.

Seeing that Naimertai was about to break his head and die.

Suddenly!

Yuan Yutang suddenly felt the strong wind howling above his head, and before he could react, Tianling Gai was hit hard by the bottom of a foot.

With a buzzing sound in his mind, Yuan Yutang lost his mind for an instant, and in a trance, he flew upside down like a kite with a broken string, and then hit the ground heavily.

buzz buzz~

For a moment, it seemed as if countless flies flew into his mind. Yuan Yutang sat on the ground staring at stars, and it took him a long time to wake up.

Feeling the warm liquid flowing from the five sense organs, Yuan Yutang wiped it with the back of his hand in astonishment, and then looked, the back of his hand was full of blood.

Until now, he couldn't figure out what happened just now.

"hateful……"

At this time, there was a suppressed roar from ahead.

Looking blankly at the reputation, Yuan Yutang saw Namurtai with his head on the ground, his arms stretched out to the left and right, his buttocks rising high, struggling to stand up like a mollusc.

"You actually made me so embarrassed, it's hard to vent my hatred if I don't tear you into pieces~"

Naimertai's face was ashamed, his eyes were bloodshot, he roared hysterically like a wounded wolf, and immediately rushed like an angry bull.

Yuan Yutang's cheeks twitched, and he was about to get up to meet the enemy, but unexpectedly, his body seemed out of control, and he couldn't even do simple movements of getting up, so he could only watch helplessly as Naimertai, who was boiling with murderous aura, rushed forward and made a domineering blow kicked his head.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		