

"Brother, be careful!"

Yuan Yutang's warning sound exploded like thunder, and before the others could react, they punched the sneak attacking figure like lightning.

Boom!

Amidst the dull beating sound, a figure was repelled.

Situ Shanu, who just came back to his senses, was full of astonishment, and it was Yuan Yutang who was repelled?

Yuan Yutang also had an incredible look on his face, and he flew upside down seven or eight meters before he landed and stood firm.

With the reminder just now, Situ Shanu and the rest of the soldiers also reacted, and hurriedly pulled away from the black shadow that suddenly appeared.

There is a vigorously burning torch on the side of the observation platform. In the eerie white mist, with the help of the firelight, everyone finally sees the true face of the black shadow clearly.

It was a corpse soldier of the wolf tribe whose neck had been cut in half, with only a little flesh and flesh attached to its crooked head, wearing broken leather armor, and full of evil spirits!

Everyone gasped in unison.

However, the soldiers present were all the elite of the Northeast Dao, and they had to wade through mountains of corpses and seas of blood. Their psychological endurance was absolutely comparable to that of others, and they quickly stabilized their minds.

The three personal soldiers were eager to protect the lord, and rushed out with their knives drawn in the shape of a pin.

"Where is the monster, dare to commit crimes, die again for me!"

The leading soldier is a thin man, surnamed Hu, who is usually taciturn. Everyone jokingly calls him Mian Hulu, and there is no ambiguity in the charge. With a two-handed goose knife dancing like a windmill, he rushed towards the wolf tribe. Corpse soldiers.

The corpse soldier's expression was sluggish, he did not hide or evade, and stood stiffly on the battlements of the observation platform.

choke!

The thick two-handed Yanxiang knife was like a chain, piercing through the air, and slashed on the corpse soldier's shoulder in an instant.

The stuffy gourd was delighted instinctively, but his face changed drastically in the next second.

On weekdays, he used his full strength to split a wooden stake as thick as an adult. Unexpectedly, when the knife went down, it was like cutting granite, only half an inch into the flesh and it remained motionless.

Before he could draw out the stuck weapon, the dumbfounded corpse moved.

The simple and unpretentious claws were pulled out, like a tiger pulling out its heart, viciously attacking the chest and abdomen of the gourd.

Before the corpse claw arrived, the fierce wind directly tore the chain mail of the gourd.

Seeing this, the dead gourd frightened, once this claw is firmly pulled out, he will inevitably end up in a transparent end.

But the speed of the corpse soldiers was too fast, even if they wanted to withdraw, it would be too late.

When the bad guest came, Mong Hulu was full of bitterness and despair.

"Brother Hu, don't be afraid!"

Just when Men Hulu thought he was going to die, a thunderous roar suddenly sounded in his ears, and immediately before his eyes, Yuan Yutang descended from the sky and kicked away the corpse soldier who was about to fight fiercely.

The neck of the corpse soldier was hit by Yuan Yutang's whip, which was as heavy as a cannonball. There were only a few heads connected with flesh and flesh, which were kicked off abruptly, and the body and head fell off the city wall separately.

The boring gourd walked before the gate of hell, even though he was used to seeing life and death, he was still terrified.

Just when he was about to say thanks, Yuan Yutang frowned and shouted, "Everyone back off, there is still something in the fog!"

Hearing the words, Men Hulu hurried back to Situ Shanu with two of his fellow soldiers who were belatedly arriving, wary of the troubles around him.

Situ Shanu is responsible for the safety of all the guards at Tongshan Pass, anyone can die, but he can't!

The three of them are ready to be sacrificed as human shields at any time.

It was too late, and then it was too late, Yuan Yutang just reminded him, when he saw dozens of corpse soldiers with different death shapes jumping out of the thick and undissolved white mist, each of them was full of evil spirit, exactly the same as the one that was repelled just now.

Even the corpse soldier whose head had been kicked off just now stood up unsteadily, holding the fallen head in one hand and the knife in the other, approaching with duck steps.

Including Yuan Yutang, their scalps were extremely numb.

Just now, a corpse soldier made them flustered, but now that there are so many of them, the situation suddenly took a turn for the worse, extremely dangerous.

And what Huang Feilong said just now, the sentry found that the number of enemy troops attacking at night was no less than 3,000.

If the three thousand night attacking enemy troops were all such invulnerable corpse soldiers, it would be a big trouble.

"Brother Hu, you escort your elder brother away, and I will take care of the queen!"

Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth violently and stepped forward.

"Brother..." Situ Shanu only said half a sentence, and the rest of the words were choked in his throat.

Compassion does not command soldiers, kindness does not serve as officials.

As the guarding general, now is definitely not the time for Situ Shanu to act on his will.

Now the monster mist is filling the city, and the soldiers in the inner city are divided, and the situation is unknown.

And the corpse soldiers are coming again fiercely. If he doesn't stabilize the situation as soon as possible, and wait for the follow-up troops of the wolf tribe to catch up, the fear of Tongshan pass is in danger of overturning.

Even if he was unwilling in his heart, Situ Shanu couldn't say any willful words to advance and retreat with Yuan Yutang.

"Brother, don't hesitate!"

Seeing that Situ Shanu and the others hadn't moved, Yuan Yutang couldn't help turning his head and shouting angrily.

"Master, if you keep the green hills, you don't have to worry about having no firewood."

Seeing that Situ Shanu was hesitant, Mian Hulu also persuaded him at the right time.

Situ Shanu's complexion changed, and finally he gritted his teeth and said, "Forget it, my brother, I owe you my life. If you die in battle, I swear to God for my brother. Revenge and revenge!"

"Hahaha, although my younger brother is not talented, I should not be able to accept me for the time being, so I don't need to worry about it, brother, and leave quickly!" Yuan Yutang laughed and rushed towards the attacking corpse soldiers.

Situ Shanu took a deep look at Yuan Yutang's unhesitating back, and left suddenly under the guard of his own soldiers.


After the four people who covered Situ Shanu left, Yuan Yutang no longer had to worry about the future, so he calmed down and concentrated on dealing with the surging corpse soldiers.

A half-rotten corpse soldier who seemed to be hit by a shell was the first to kill, and without thinking, he opened his one arm, intending to throw Yuan Yutang to the ground.

The stench of blood filled his nostrils, Yuan Yutang suppressed his nausea, and slammed into the one-armed corpse soldier with a knee.

Boom!

Another dull crash sounded, and Yuan Yutang was sent flying again.

After landing, Yuan Yutang's expression was extremely heavy.

No, something is wrong!

Although the Corpse Soldier is strong, it is slightly inferior to the Huapi Nu who fought before. Now that he has stepped into the monk realm, his strength is more than a step stronger than when he was in the Huapi Ghost City. No matter how you say it, it is impossible to lose in a frontal collision. Come down.

But this illogical thing just happened.

There must be fraud in it!

A smoky white mist drifted past his eyes, and Yuan Yutang instantly had the answer.

There is a problem with the white mist!

Either suppress his strength, or confuse his senses!

After figuring out the key to the problem, Yuan Yutang immediately had a countermeasure in his mind.

Taking advantage of the fact that the corpse soldiers hadn't closed yet, he closed his eyes abruptly, then opened them suddenly, and two red lights shot out from his pupils.

The characteristic of Hengmao fish - "no confusion"!

As soon as "Bu Confusion" was activated, Yuan Yutang felt light all over, as if some heavy shackles were suddenly lifted, and he knew it all at once.

Sure enough, the senses were confused by the white mist, which led to an imbalance in the judgment of power. Now that the demon law has been broken, it's time to show the real technique!


Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

On a certain aisle on the south wall, a group of nearly a hundred firecrackers leaned on the city wall to fire in three stages, and the hot muzzle spewed out dense iron pellets like rain.

Three-stage shooting can ensure uninterrupted firepower and maximize the power of firearms. If the offender is a wolf soldier, this salvo is enough to make him pay a heavy price.

It's a pity that the corpse soldiers who attacked this time were undead and painless corpse soldiers. With the blessing of the mist's bewildering characteristics, most of the iron shots missed inexplicably, and a few hit the corpse soldiers without pain or itching at all.

There were at least 300 corpse soldiers silently charging towards the gunfire soldiers, and it was too late to reload projectiles at this time.

This standard fire blunderbuss is under the command of Chen Jiangnan, the fifth rank military officer Tengchong school lieutenant.

Chen Jiangnan was born in the Northeast Road, a prominent general, and he was originally one of Liu Bu's confidant generals, but he was on duty during the day as the city wall commander, so he didn't have time to participate in Liu Bu's plot, but instead saved his life.

Now that the enemy is at hand, he doesn't care about the grievances with Situ Shanu.

Killing the corpse soldiers is the only way to survive!

Pulling out his saber violently, Chen Jiangnan yelled, "Brothers, there are evil spirits in front of us now, and there is no way out in the future. If you want to survive, you have to kill a bloody road!

Those who have seeds will kill me, and those who don't have seeds will ask for blessings! "

After speaking, Chen Jiangnan rushed over first.

The people of the Northeast are tough, and those who dare to serve as soldiers and fight against wolves are definitely not cowards, and they are the most unbearable.

As soon as this remark came out, the terrified firecrackers turned red-eyed instantly, and the fear in their hearts was immediately forgotten, throwing away the useless firecrackers one by one, drawing their knives and screaming, chasing Chen Jiangnan.

Chen Jiangnan took the lead and rushed into the corpse soldiers, slashing left and right with the treasured knife in his hand, and immediately dragged two fish mouth-like wounds on the two corpse soldiers, splashing black blood all over his life.

If you were an ordinary person, you would have died long ago.

However, the corpse soldier couldn't use common sense to cross it. After two farts, he raised his broken weapon and threw it at Chen Jiangnan.

The evil wind howled behind his head, and Chen Jiangnan rolled on the spot, narrowly avoiding the fatal attack.

The floor where he was just now became a scapegoat, smashed to pieces under the heavy pounding of the corpse soldiers.

Chen Jiangnan didn't have Yuan Yutang's characteristic of "no confusion". His senses were confused by the white mist, and he thought he had done his best with two swords and thirty percent strength.

It was just this delay, and he was surrounded by corpse soldiers. It was too late to retreat, and the soldiers behind him were thrown away by a long distance, and they were powerless to rescue them.

Seven or eight grim-looking corpse soldiers held broken spears and smashed knives, and attacked Chen Jiangnan who was in a state of confusion at the same time.

Watching the dead soldiers fall, Chen Jiangnan was icy all over, screaming in his heart that my life is over.

At the very moment, two rapid cracking sounds came suddenly, and two black fist-sized iron lumps popped out of the thick white mist.

As soon as it fell, it immediately exploded violently.

Boom, boom, boom~

More than a dozen corpse soldiers in the center of the explosion were torn to pieces before they could dodge, bloody corpses scattered all over the ground.

A strong wind hit, and the corpse soldiers who besieged Chen Jiangnan were caught off guard and were blown upside down.

Blessed to his heart, the desperate Chen Jiangnan seized a chance of life, and quickly escaped from the siege center of the corpse soldiers with the indecent posture of a hungry dog ​​grabbing shit.

With a beating heart, Chen Jiangnan raised his head subconsciously, and saw Situ Shanu leading a large group of troops to kill the corpse soldiers from the white mist.

"Lieutenant Chen, don't be in a daze, cheer up and follow someone to kill the enemy!"

Suddenly, in Chen Jiangnan's eyes, Situ Shanu, who was extremely despised, had an incomparably stalwart image at the moment, leaving a deep imprint in his heart.



		