

It's night, Tianxiang Lane, Gyeongju City, Linlang Pavilion.

Gyeongju City was built in imitation of the imperial capital, which has eight alleys for selling gold. Naturally, Gyeongju is not far behind, and has five fireworks alleys.

Linlang Pavilion is the leader among them. It is said that once entering Linlang, it is better than a god, and Wan Guan's wealth is lost overnight.

The courtyard is full of Yingying, Yanyan, rich and powerful guests, and smiling handymen, tortoises and slaves, playing the sheng and drum springs, feasting and feasting, which is comparable to heaven and earth.

In such a lively place of fireworks, the largest Tianzihao Yajian is strangely quiet.

There are only three people sitting opposite each other in the resplendent and resplendent house.

There is a middle-aged man in a coquettish purple dress and heavy makeup, who looks particularly hot-eyed.

Sitting opposite was a handsome young man with imposing appearance, sword brows and starry eyes, holding in his arms a charming beauty in a well-dressed dress with slightly exposed breasts.

The face of the middle-aged man with colorful makeup was extremely gloomy, and there seemed to be uncontrollable anger in his eyes, and he drank one cup after another in a muffled voice.

The handsome young man turned a blind eye and was concentrating on teasing and having fun with the beautiful woman in his arms.

After a pot of fine wine was exhausted, the middle-aged man with colorful makeup seemed to be unwilling but helpless to leave his seat and stood up, bowed to the end with a wooden face, and said with a squeeze of his voice, "Young Master Situ, this time it is the Red Lotus Sect's ineffectiveness. There is no excuse to find, if you want to kill or cut, our family has no complaints!"

Hearing this, the handsome young man showed a trace of sarcasm indiscernibly, and he recovered in an instant, pretending to be panicked, stood up and helped the middle-aged man with colorful makeup, and said repeatedly, "Oh, your lord is so generous. Although the action failed, the one who lost the most It's your religion, not only the whereabouts of 'Yan Que Wu Zun' is missing, but even your young master got involved, if I really want to apologize, it's me, Situ Hongyi, who should apologize to you."

It's okay not to mention this, but the middle-aged man with colorful makeup is furious.

He is Lin Er's father, Lin Haoran, the head of the Four Que Laymen in the Red Lotus Sect, the "Ren Que Venerable".

When Lin Haoran was young, he practiced evil skills and became obsessed, which made him inhumane, and his eldest son was killed by Lin Er. Even though he hated the ineffective Lin Er in every possible way, he still loved this only bloodline.

However, this assassination was supposed to be foolproof. Lin Er, who had died once, was killed again, and this time he died so thoroughly that even his soul was shattered. Rescue Lin Er again.

The ancients paid attention to passing on the family line, and having no descendants is the greatest unfilial piety.

Cutting off children and grandchildren is the greatest pain in Lin Haoran's heart. Situ Hongyi deliberately mentioned it, no doubt to add salt to his wounds.

If ordinary people dared to say this, they would have died countless times already.

However, this is the Northeast Road, and the person in front of him is Situ Hongyi, the eldest son of the governor. Even if he is as rebellious as Lin Haoran, he dare not make a mistake easily.

Suppressing his anger and saying a few polite words, Lin Haoran walked away.

"Young Master is so majestic, the majestic 'Ren Que Zun' is as cute as a dog in front of you, and he can only endure all kinds of humiliation."

It wasn't until Lin Haoran left that the coquettish beauty dared to speak.

After hearing this, Situ Hongyi laughed, took a sip of the beauty, and said arrogantly, "A group of shady street rats, do they really regard themselves as characters? They can't even do small things well. Is it possible that they need good wine at all costs?" Is it okay to treat them with good meat?"

The beauty's beautiful eyes shone with admiration, and she took the initiative to offer a sweet kiss, and worshiped tenderly, "Young Master is so manly, I like it so much~"

Situ Hongyi pinched the beauty's buttocks with a lewd smile, and said with a breath in his ear, "Little Linglong, don't worry, I promised you that I would cut off Yuan Yutang's dog's head and use it as a chamber pot for you. This time counts him as lucky, if he dares to go back to Gyeongju, I guarantee that he will definitely die!"

Hearing this, the beauty flashed a bitter hatred in her eyes, and immediately looked up at Situ Hongyi coquettishly, and said charmingly, "Master, it's getting late, let's rest~"

"Hahaha, fine, fine, it's all up to you!"

Not long after, blushing and heartbeats of joy sounded in the private room.

If Yuan Yutang had been there just now, he would have recognized that little Niao Yiren at a glance, the charming beauty was his old acquaintance, the once notorious demon hunter in the Northeast Road——'Jade Face Rakshasa' Linglong.

Unexpectedly, after Linglong escaped from death under Yuan Yutang, she turned into the woman of Situ Hongyi, the eldest son of the governor.

From this point of view, Situ Hongyi's determination to put Yuan Yutang to death was not simply because he wanted to cut off his second younger brother Situ Shanu's support party members. I am afraid that Linglong's pillow wind also contributed.


The moonlight is desolate, and there is a rider walking alone in the wilderness.

Ahead is the boundary of Tanzhou beyond Qingzhou.

After Tangzhou, there is Sanshan Road.

As long as he arrived at Sanshan Road, he would be far away from the disputes of the Situ family, and Yuan Yutang would be safe for the time being.

Feeling inexplicably depressed, Yuan Yutang took out a hand-rolled cigarette and lit it.

Recalling every detail of the Northeast Road, the more I think about it, the more absurd it becomes.

Forget it, let go of the grievances and grudges for the time being, killing monsters and earning merit is the most important thing right now.

Baiyun had a mission, so the two parted in Qingzhou. They would meet again if they had a destiny, and they couldn't force it if they didn't have a destiny.

Moreover, his burns from the fierce battle had already healed, and the only regret he had to say was that he didn't say goodbye to all the familiar guards like Men Hulu.

Forget it, if they have the opportunity to confess in person in the future, presumably they should also understand their own difficulties.

Smiling wryly and throwing away the remaining smoke in his hand, Yuan Yutang exhaled softly, his eyes became firm again.

A few miles away, a deserted wild temple appeared on the side of the road.

Looking up at the night, Yuan Yutang decided to spend the night here and wait until tomorrow.

The wild temple has been in disrepair for a long time, and it has long been dilapidated. Yuan Yutang frowned and searched for a long time before he found a place to stay.

Spread some hay on the ground and sleep on the ground, and it is not a problem to deal with it overnight.

Soon Yuan Yutang fell asleep.

After an unknown amount of time, Yuan Yutang was awakened from his sleep by the sound of gongs and drums.

Opening his eyes, he saw that the moonlight was thick in the hole in the roof. Yuan Yutang sat up straight and listened carefully. It turned out to be the joyful sound of the wedding and welcoming team.

Hearing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling very surprised.

Speaking of midnight, whose family will pick up the bride at this time?

Instinctively feeling something was wrong, Yuan Yutang quickly put on his clothes, comforted the Chitu who was also awakened, and then disappeared into the night, groping towards the source of the sound.

The night is dark and windy, with dark clouds covering the top.

The sky that had been clear just now suddenly changed, and Shino couldn't see his fingers, but not far ahead, there was a group of welcoming teams in dark red robes, holding an 18-carrying red wedding sedan chair, playing, playing and singing, Walk the wilderness trails with great fanfare.

Listening carefully, the tune played by the band is clearly a mourning song, and generally weddings are made of bright red robes, the color is festive and warm, which can ward off evil spirits and avoid evil spirits, but these people who welcome the bride are wearing dark red robes, Dull in color, it looked like an old burial garment dug out of a grave.

The entire welcoming team was full of evil from inside and outside, full of the atmosphere of the underworld.

Such a weird scene would definitely scare a passer-by.

Yuan Yutang showed excitement on his face.

Hurriedly hiding among the grass by the side of the road, Yuan Yutang took out a round bead the size of a longan from his bosom, his eyebrows showed obvious resistance, but he hesitated again and again, he still gritted his teeth and threw it into his mouth.

This bead was a gift from Bai Yun when he was parting, and it was a rare treasure that he got by chance during his travels down the mountain. Entering the underworld is easy.

To put it simply, the function of this yin-gathering bead is to hide yang energy and make living people pretend to be ghosts. It is considered a good treasure.

But the reason why Yuan Yutang resisted so much was because Baiyun said that he picked it up from the mouth of a mummy whose tomb was split open by lightning.

People do not give up, Yuan Yutang tried not to think about the origin of the Yin Juzhu, and quietly followed the ghost wedding team.

When he took a closer look, it was as he expected, there were no living people in front of him.

No matter the bridgeman, the musicians, or the bridesmaids, they all have pale faces and no smiles. They seem to be walking, but they are actually floating a few inches above the ground strangely, and there is no shadow on the ground.

There is a record in the secret book of the head of the sect: There is a strange thing in the world, ghosts greet their relatives in the middle of the night, people do not retreat in life, nine deaths out of ten, no life, a great disaster!

Because of this, Yuan Yutang endured his nausea and sneaked into the ghost wedding team with a Juyin bead in his mouth. He wanted to see how fierce the so-called ghost wedding was.

Well, in fact, the ghosts in the wedding ceremony are all small people, even if they are all killed, there may not be any merits in the account, so if you want to do it, you have to do it with the big ticket, that's what he intends.

Walking behind was a skinny ghost with a pale face. Seeing Yuan Yutang coming uninvited, he immediately asked vaguely, "Huh? Where did you come from?"

The so-called ghost stories, the ghost's language is different from the living person's, the tone is vague and intermittent, and it is difficult for ordinary people to imitate. It is wishful thinking to mix with ghosts just by restraining yang energy.

Fortunately, a strange treasure is a strange treasure after all, the Yin Gathering Bead can not only fade away the yang energy, but also has the function of transforming the mouthpiece and speaking ghostly words.

Yuan Yutang also put on a blank face, and replied in the same vague tone, "Mountain ghosts, see the nobles passing by to welcome their relatives, so they come uninvited, see if there is anything they can do for you, and have a cheeky drink." , ask for some incense."

Living people eat, dead people eat incense, and incense is extremely attractive to ghosts.

After listening to Yuan Yutang's explanation, the skinny ghost understood, and nodded stiffly, "It's fine, I will allow you to follow me on today's grand master's day, and I will say a few auspicious words when the time comes, and your share of the incense will be indispensable."

"So, thank you in advance." Yuan Yutang pretended to be pleasantly surprised.

In this way, Yuan Yutang got mixed into the welcoming team.

The spooky welcoming team opened a road across the mountains, built a bridge when they met the water, and arrived in front of a luxurious mansion in the middle of the night.

Standing at the door were two ghost matchmakers with ferocious faces and bright red cheeks. They stepped forward coyly, waving dilapidated cattail fans, and screamed ghostly, "Oh, I'm looking forward to your arrival. If you don't hurry up, you will be delayed." Good time~"

After a set of cumbersome etiquette, a special ghost will carry away the red wedding sedan chair.

Yuan Yutang took advantage of the opportunity to sneak into the mansion, and what he saw almost yelled, "Good guy."

I saw ghosts all over the courtyard, just like Senluo Hades.

I don't know how long the banquet has been going on, but there are empty wine jars everywhere on the ground, and all kinds of hideous and terrifying ghosts push and change glasses, so happy.

What I heard was all kinds of sharp, erratic, or eerie ghosts and ghosts.

There was a disgusting rotten smell in the air, and three sticks of thick yellow incense sticks of human height were inserted in the center of the courtyard. From time to time, ghosts who were drunk and drunk raised their heads and sniffed the incense. Continue to fight wine.

Sure enough, hell is empty, and evil spirits are in the world!


		