

The passage of time in the Secret Realm of the Attic of Tianmen is quite different from reality.

Yuan Yutang and others are struggling in different secret realms, and the outside world is still the Mid-Autumn Festival on August 15th.

Mid-autumn night, sweet-scented osmanthus, reunion of the moon and the moon.

The singing and dancing in Gyeongju, the capital of Northeast Province, seems to be immersed in a sea of ​​festive joy.

Compared with the singing and dancing in the outer city, the Governor's Mansion in the inner city was supported to be extremely deserted.

In such a huge and luxurious mansion, there is no sound of human beings, and the cold moonlight shines like ghosts without people.

A pair of strange father and son sat facing each other in an elegant wing room of the main mansion.

The reason why the father and son were said to be strange was because there was no interaction between the two of them, and they were as indifferent as if two strangers were sitting at the same table and went their separate ways after eating.

The father of the two resembled an old farmer, with a rough manner, with one leg stuck on the bench, and he grabbed the delicacies on the table with his hand, making the table dripping with soup.

The son's handsome and tough face was unwavering, his waist was as straight as a pine, like a cold statue.

Almost half of the food went into his father's stomach, and he didn't stop until he almost blocked his throat.

After wiping his shiny dirty hands on the expensive silk clothes on his body, his father broke the silence and asked lightly:

"The news about the opening of the secret realm of the Tianmen Pavilion was revealed by your teacher to your elder brother?"

The son nodded, and said truthfully, "Ever since I reached the crown, my eldest brother has regarded me as a thorn in his side, and tried to kill me countless times. The teacher was forced to do this. Father, please learn from me."

If Yuan Yutang was here, he would definitely be extremely surprised.

Because his son is his sworn brother who has suffered through life and death——Situ Shanu!

In other words, isn't that father the most important person in the world today, the powerful governor of the Northeast Province, Situ Mo! !

Situ Shanu didn't stay in the turbulent border to preside over the overall situation, but instead traveled thousands of miles to return to Gyeongju to meet Situ Mo on the Mid-Autumn Festival. There must be something strange about it.

Situ Mo put his fingers into his mouth and clenched his teeth indecently, and commented noncommittally, "No matter how high-sounding the words are, it can't cover up the bestiality of the brothers. Have you read all the books you have read over the years about dogs?"

"Father, calm down." Situ Shanu's face was as calm as water, and he said the words of admitting his mistakes, but without the slightest sign of repentance, he said indifferently, "There is no buffer between me and my elder brother. Either he died or I Death."

"So your elder brother is dead this time?"

"If there is no accident, ten deaths and no life."

if ordinary people

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

The father of the family must have been pissed off when he heard his son say such rebellious words, even if he didn't clean up the house on the spot. I've exhausted all my tricks, and I'm determined to let your eldest brother die in the secret realm of the Tianmen Pavilion."

"It doesn't matter, your elder brother is a big brother with little talent and short-sightedness. If he dies, he will die. There is nothing to regret."

"But!" Changing the subject, Situ Mo stared at Situ Shanu with a half-smile and said, "You'd better pray that he must die in the secret realm."

"I know that you planted a dark hand beside him, but if he survives by chance and fights openly with your current size, you will definitely be the one who dies in the end."

Situ Mo's extremely cold words made Situ Shanu's heart shudder.

He has been afraid of his father since he was a child, even though he is naturally good at perceiving people's hearts, he has never been able to see through this vulgar father.

The father never had the slightest affection for their children, and took a completely indulgent attitude, especially when he treated him and his eldest brother, he was completely indifferent.

Sometimes Situ Shanu felt inexplicably that his father's attitude seemed to be raising Gu, as if he encouraged the two sons to kill each other.

And even if his father didn't do anything, just sitting in front of him would give him the illusion of being out of breath.

So don't look at Situ Shanu as calm and composed, but his back is already wet with cold sweat.

Fortunately, he has long been tempered in the shadow of swords and swords for many years, so that he can barely show his emotions and anger, so he can barely resist without showing timidity.

Situ Mo's face twitched, and he picked up the half-full expensive wine pot and poured it into his mouth, saying in a calm voice, "I'm not dead yet, this is the first and last time!"

"If you dare to treat your third brother like this, I can assure you that your end will definitely be worse than that of your elder brother!"

As soon as the words fell, Situ Shanu suddenly felt a terrifying momentum like a mountain rushing toward his face, and the calmness he had struggled to maintain was almost broken.

Struggling to clenched his fists, his fingernails piercing the flesh of his palms, Situ Shanu resisted the palpitations, gritted his teeth and replied word by word, "I would like to follow the teachings of my lord father, and I swear here that I will never embarrass my third brother for the rest of my life. !"

After getting the answer, Situ Mo nodded unobtrusively, and quietly withdrew that terrifying aura.

Situ Shanu felt his whole body lighten in vain, and almost went limp, sweating profusely as if he had just been fished out of the water.

Facing the table full of leftovers, Situ Mo began to eat and drink again, and said vaguely:

"Go ahead and spend more time with your mother when you come back. She is not in good health and misses you very much."

Situ Shanu secretly

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Heaved a sigh of relief, he got up and saluted respectfully, "That's it, my child will leave."

After finishing speaking, he turned around and left.

If possible, he would rather fight with the wolf clan than spend time with Situ Mo alone.

Just as he was about to leave the room, Situ Mo suddenly stopped him:

"Two things!"

Situ Shanu's body froze, he stopped and turned his back to Situ Mo and said, "What is your father's order?"

Situ Mo chewed his food and said without raising his head:

"First thing, send your teacher's head to the old man's case before dawn tomorrow."

After hearing this, Situ Shanu felt chills all over his body, clenched his fists and then loosened them, loosened them and clenched them again, his face was extremely ugly.

After a while, came his gritted teeth reply:

"Yes~"

Situ Mo continued coldly:

"The second thing is to give you three days to divorce your current wife no matter what method you use."

"If you killed one of my sons, it's fair for me to break up your marriage."

"In addition, this old man has found a good marriage for you. The Zhou family, the governor of Lingnan Road, has a prostitute who is lucky and has an extraordinary life. She is your real match. You can marry him in the spring of next year."

"Don't say you won't be given a chance. The old man knows that you are ambitious, so he will simply give you this big gift. It all depends on how much you are willing to pay for your ambition."

Situ Shanu was shaking like chaff, his handsome face was ferocious like a ghost.

He had known for a long time that his father would not easily forgive the crime of murdering his brother, but he never expected that he would be forced to the edge of a cliff by Situ Mo.

His first wife was born in a wealthy family, with a pure and virtuous nature, and the two fell in love with each other, and they got together after going through all kinds of difficulties.

Even his father-in-law went deep into the hinterland of the wolf tribe to inquire about news in order to promote him, and he ended up dying in a foreign land. (See Chapter Thirteen and Chapter Thirty-Seven for details.)

If he divorced his wife and married a new lover for no reason now, not to mention his reputation plummeting, he would never let himself go just by his wife and natal family.

Sure enough, ginger is still old and spicy!

After years of fighting, Nenu of the Governor's Mansion has long been unable to make ends meet.

His father killed three birds with one stone. He not only hit himself, but also wanted to use his own hands to deal with his wife and mother's family, so that he could take the huge amount of property they had accumulated through the ages as his own.

Leaving such a stain on him, if he dares to betray his faith and harm his third younger brother in the future, he will be criticized by everyone and lose all hearts.

Damn old fox!

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		