

"Thief, where are you running!"

In terms of the person Naimertai hated the most in his life, Yuan Yutang was definitely more hateful than Situ Hongyi who set up a scheme to kill his last team member.

It was Yuan Yutang who pulled him down from the pinnacle of power in the world!

Cutting off a person's wealth is like killing his parents, let alone Yuan Yutang directly ruining his life!

If you don't avenge this revenge, you swear not to be a human being!

With a violent shout, Namurtai instinctively raised his hand, intending to throw out a ball of physical energy that was as powerful as a cannonball and blow the enemy of life and death into pieces.

Yuan Yutang's heart was beating alarm bells, he couldn't help but sweat all over his body, and jumped to the side desperately, trying to avoid the fatal blow.

However, the next moment, both of them froze.

Namurtai looked at the empty palm in disbelief, subconsciously circulated the true energy in his body, and was suddenly shocked.

He was horrified and inexplicably found that the vigorous and pure energy he was proud of had disappeared, as if it had never existed.

Yuan Yutang also dropped his mouth in astonishment, and suddenly felt blessed, and looked up at the huge millstone above the giant mountain that emitted an endless blue glow.

Yes, all living beings are equal under the Youlan Divine Disk, there is no reason to only target him, a little warlock, and it is only natural that Naimertai's true energy should be suppressed.

and many more! !

In this way, doesn't it mean that the huge gap in strength between them has been smoothed out, and they are back on the same starting line?

In an instant, Yuan Yutang's heart beat violently, he stood up tremblingly, and looked at Naimertai who was still astonished.

This person gave him the feeling that he was a hundred times more dangerous than last time. It should be that his strength has made a breakthrough recently, and he has definitely stepped into the supreme martial arts master realm!

Being secretly coveted by a martial arts master who hates him so much, just thinking about it makes him sleepless.

It's a rare opportunity given by God, no matter what you say, you must kill him here, no matter how bad it is, you must try to abolish his martial arts!

With the Youlan God who suppressed everything behind him, Yuan Yutang's fighting spirit was unprecedentedly high, and he glanced at Namurtai provocatively, which immediately woke him up from his confusion.

At the level of Naimertai, the sensitivity to hostility has been carved into the bone marrow. Even if the almost invincible danger premonition is suppressed, any hostile gaze will be noticed by him immediately.

Naimertai exhaled heavily, regained his composure, looked at the Youlan Divine Disk in the sky, which was so heavy that the dragon could not lift its head, and then looked at the confident Yuan Yutang, who was used to strong winds and waves, he deduced the general situation in an instant. the truth.

"So that's it. I don't know what gave the lost dog confidence. It turned out to be the unconscious artifact in the sky."

Yuan Yutang frowned, and while moving his body, he sneered back, "Hehe, a lost dog will bite people when it is in a hurry, and it hurts all the time. Congratulations, you will soon be able to taste the feeling of being beaten by a lost dog."

Naimertai sneered disdainfully, "Forget it, it doesn't matter if your true qi is suppressed, it just happens that I can kill you with my own hands, and you will soon regret it, regretting why you can't die faster!"

"It's useless to talk more, let's see the real chapter!"

Suddenly, the two shut up at the same time, secretly adjusted their state, and kept raising their fighting spirit.

The air seemed to freeze, and the strong smell of gunpowder filled every corner.

The battle to the death is imminent!

"Howling~"

Suddenly, Namurtai's eyes flashed fiercely, and he let out a terrifying howl that did not resemble a human being. The bones all over his body suddenly exploded with a crisp sound like roasted beans. .

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Before the people arrived, the majestic murderous aura rushed towards his face like a substance, one can imagine Naimertai's determination to kill.

The villain was approaching, but Yuan Yutang remained calm and calm, raised his arms to protect the vitals of his upper body, his back feet were slightly bent on the ground, and his front feet were quickly raised, blocking in front of him like an iron shield.

Ancient Muay Thai - Iron Shield High Knees!

Yuan Yutang let Namurtai approach, and when he was only ten steps away, his bent calf kicked out like a thunderbolt, like a spear suddenly piercing out from behind a shield, the kick shattered the air in front of him, and he went straight to Namur Thai throat away.

Feeling the terrifying power of this kick, Namurtai did not choose to fight recklessly. His forward body suddenly turned strangely, showing the amazing flexibility of his body to the fullest. While dodging, he punched Yuan Yutang's temple with a backhand like a hammer.

The whistling fists tore through the air, irritating Yuan Yutang's temples with pain.

There is no need to doubt that once this punch is carried out, let alone a fragile skull, even an iron pillar as thick as a human leg will be broken in the middle.

Yuan Yutang's heart beat wildly, and the calf kicked forward followed by a turn, which violated the structure of the human body like a boneless python, and kicked Nam Ertai's elbow in the opposite direction like a shadow.

"Ha ha!"

Namurtai's eyes were shining brightly, and he grinned strangely whether it was ridicule or approval, his straight arm collapsed in vain, and his protruding elbow was like the tip of a sharp spear, quickly piercing towards the attacking big foot.

bump!

A wave of air visible to the naked eye exploded from the contact point of the elbows and feet. The two groaned at the same time, quickly retreated twenty steps, and confronted each other calmly again.

Yuan Yutang remained calm on the surface, but if you observe carefully, you will find that his cheek muscles twitched slightly and jerky like uncontrollably, and the left foot he just fought against was trembling undetectably, and there was a kind of heart-wrenching pain penetrating into his heart.

Naimertai, on the other hand, looked very natural, unabashedly bared his teeth and shook his numb elbows, and said with a condescending smile, "It's an extremely powerful foreign boxing, which is a bit interesting."

Yuan Yutang said with a sneer, "This is just an appetizer, and more interesting delicacies will be served later, I guarantee you will enjoy it enough!"

Shaking his arm, Namurtai grinned ferociously, "When I started practicing martial arts, even your father was still playing with piss. What confidence do you have to challenge me?"

"Hehe, seniority doesn't mean you are capable. Haven't you heard the saying that boxing is afraid of young people?" Yuan Yutang seemed to be speaking harshly, but in fact he was taking the time to recover his vitality.

Naimertai smiled proudly, and said loudly, "Don't play tricks in front of me, you can rest as long as you want, I haven't had a good time in a long time, today I must convince you from mouth to heart!"

The plan was exposed face to face, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but blushed, feeling that he had almost recovered, and immediately took a step forward from embarrassment, and rushed out like a cannonball.

I saw that his figure was erratic, protruding left and right, like a butterfly piercing through flowers, his virtual reality dazzled people.

When he was about five steps away, he suddenly took a deep breath, and the blood in his body boiled instantly. He raised his right foot like a ghost, and his body turned to the left at the same time, like a large spinning top, with a heart-piercing horror. With an empty sound, he violently slashed towards Naimertai's face.

Ancient muay thai ultimate move - windmill ax kick!

Naimertai seemed to have the intention of killing people, and took a step back with his hands behind his back, avoiding the thunderous sweep just right, and at the same time he did not forget to taunt:

"Didn't you eat, how dare you show your shame in front of me with such three-legged cat kung fu?"

Yuan Yutang was furious when he heard the words, and before he could fall down, his powerful waist rod exerted force again like a spring, and twisted his body, just like a strongman on the battlefield wielding a huge axe, another standard windmill ax kicked and hacked like a textbook.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Muay Thai is unrivaled, and the most important thing is to move forward. The windmill ax kick is Yuan Yutang's most proud stunt in his life. Once he uses it, he will never die. One foot is faster than the other, and one foot is stronger than the other. Even a bear that weighs a thousand kilograms would have to be strangled to death by him.

Since Naimertai dared to support him, let him be sent to reincarnation!

Swipe!

huh huh~

The piercing and dense sound of piercing the air exploded like a violent storm, and the air within a ten-step radius was stirred into a pot of porridge, and the turbulent airflow shot around shockingly, like the eye of a tornado.

Naimertai dared to be so presumptuous, so he naturally had the capital of his pride.

As if wandering in a leisurely courtyard among violent kicks like waves, Yuan Yutang's unparalleled series of windmill ax kicks couldn't even touch the hem of his clothes.

This is the confidence of a martial arts master who is almost godlike. Even if his true energy is banned, his understanding of martial arts alone is a few blocks away from Yuan Yutang's wild way.

Dozens of blows in succession all failed, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling distraught, and there was a trace of undetectable stagnation in the fierce and indomitable momentum.

"There is a flaw!"

Naimertai keenly grasped the fleeting flaws, and his hands on his back protruded like claws, from top to bottom like a goshawk swooping down to prey, clawing at Yuan Yutang's chest and abdomen vitals like lightning.

Yuan Yutang was shocked suddenly, and retreated hastily, but it was too late.

Cha, Cha~

After two crisp sounds like tearing cloth, a large cloud of blood mist exploded suddenly. Not only was the Xuan-level cassock, which was almost scrapped, torn, but there were ten more criss-crossing, deep-penetrating fresh blood marks on Yuan Yutang's chest. .

"Woo~"

Yuan Yutang whimpered in pain, feeling as if his chest and abdomen lost consciousness for an instant, and then a heart-piercing pain suddenly hit him, and he almost fainted from the pain.

Enduring the severe pain, Yuan Yutang violently raised his knees and slammed out viciously.

Naimertai was not greedy for merit, he retreated immediately after a successful blow, just in time for Yuan Yutang's ferocious knee kick in a desperate counterattack to miss.

Withdrew more than a dozen steps like a ghost, Namurtai stood firm, stared at Yuan Yutang silently with a playful face, and even deliberately removed the fresh flesh and blood remaining between the nails in front of him.

Even if Yuan Yutang is not angry, he is temporarily powerless to pursue.

The ten scratches on the chest and abdomen seemed to be traumatized by special techniques, and the blood flowed for a while, and Yuan Yutang's face turned extremely pale.

The bleeding must be stopped as soon as possible, otherwise the bleeding alone would be enough to kill him alive.

Yuan Yutang was in pain and anger. In two lifetimes, what he was most proud of was the ancient muay thai boxing that he practiced hard. Even some experts and masters in the previous life praised his cultivation base after seeing his skills.

I didn't expect that the first loss in my life would be so thorough.

rumbling~

While Yuan Yutang was trying to figure out how to stop the bleeding, a thunderstorm suddenly fell from the sky, and a fire pit ignited on the ground.

Yuan Yutang was stunned for a moment, and then his heart became ruthless. He strode towards the fire pit, picked up the burning mound with his bare hands, and paste it on the wound.

"Woo~"

The fire scorched the skin and flesh, and there was a strange smell of meat in the air. Yuan Yutang blushed and his neck thickened from the pain.

When the wound was forcibly scorched and healed, Yuan Yutang let out a long breath, and without waiting for a rest, he rushed towards Naimertai who was waiting for him like a tiger downhill.

He is unwilling and unwilling, as long as he is not dead, he will fight on! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		