

The night is windy, and the cold moon hangs in the sky.

The towering and majestic outline of Tongshan Pass is like a prehistoric giant dormant under the night.

Under the closed wall, the day's fierce battle has come to an end. Both sides of the Xia wolf call for gold to withdraw their troops, but the battlefield is still full of smoke, corpses are everywhere, blood is flowing, and the blood that gathers into a stream even seeps three feet into the ground. The whimpering and moaning sound was sent to the distance with the night wind.

Compared with the battlefield under the city of purgatory on earth, the atmosphere inside Tongshan Pass is lively.

There were 3,000 soldiers gathered in front of the general stage in the city, and everyone looked excited, looking at the tall and straight young man on the stage with admiration.

With a solemn face, Situ Shanu looked around, and all the soldiers caught by his gaze rejoiced.

"Someone told me that the wolf army is invincible!"

Suddenly, Situ Shanu spoke indifferently.

All the soldiers were startled when they heard the words, and immediately showed aggrieved expressions of unwillingness.

Situ Shanu turned a deaf ear to it, and continued to speak coldly, "Someone told me that ten Daxia Erlangs are no match for one wolf bannerman."

"I was also told that the Kyushu in the world should be home to the capable, and the people of Great Xia are not worthy of occupying the prosperous and prosperous Splendid Shenzhou!"

"The cowardly Xia people are only worthy to be slaves of the new overlord wolf clan. They deserve to be exploited, enslaved, their wives and daughters are raped, and they deserve to be inferior for the rest of their lives!"

Situ Shanu's tone was calm from beginning to end, but every word was like a sword that pierced into the heart of every soldier present.

No one is born a cheap bone, and no one is born to think that he is inferior, especially the rebellious veterans.

Although they all despised the wolf clan as being uncivilized creatures who drank blood and blood, seventeen years of repeated battles and defeats had already robbed them of their courage. Whenever they encountered wolf slaves, they would be terrified and start fighting. Ten percent of his strength is only half, and he is more and more afraid of the wolf slaves.

At this moment, the stagnant stalemate finally changed.

The young man on the stage seemed to reawaken their blood that had been crushed by the iron hooves of the wolves.

Situ Shanu was so calm that he raised his voice in vain and shouted sharply:

"I don't know if you agree with the so-called main theme circulating today, but I will tell you loudly today..."

"Those nonsense, I will never approve!"

"Wolf clan is invincible? I'm yuck!"

"Xia people are cowardly and courageous? I'll fuck off again!"

"As long as this general is still breathing, it is impossible for the wolves to cross the gate of Saibei!"

"As long as this general is still the guarding general of Tongshan Pass, the tens of millions of people behind the Northeast Road will be able to sit back and relax!"

"Now I will ask you a question, do you want to make contributions, do you want to seal your wife and son, do you want to get back the face left behind by your ancestors, do you want to regain the fertile homeland of thousands of miles north of Saibei..."

"Would you like it, dare you, please tell me clearly!"

Situ Shanu's words were extremely contagious, and all the soldiers in the audience were already excited by the beautiful blueprint he outlined, and there was a palpitating murderous intent in their eyes, their faces flushed with excitement, and they couldn't wait to raise their arms and shouted:

"Think! Think! Think!"

Seventeen years of aggrieved, humiliated, unwilling, and hatred, these negative emotions have long been buried in the hearts of every soldier. Once a breakthrough is found at this time, the burst of energy can be described as quite amazing. The strong wind choked it all.

Situ Shanu nodded in satisfaction, Xindao finally conquered these unruly elite soldiers.

The Xia people are all good-looking, the reason why they were so weak in the past and were defeated by the wolf clan for seventeen years was because they fell into a vicious circle of self-denial.

As long as a hearty victory is enough to rebuild their confidence and inspire their blood.

Fortunately, Situ Shanu achieved a feat that no one could accomplish in more than ten years.

During the battle during the day, he personally led a thousand cavalry among thousands of troops, smashed the left side of the wolf army in one fell swoop, wiped out four thousand enemies, and captured countless prisoners. There are nearly 20 heavy artillery pieces, which personally broke the myth that the wolf tribe's iron army is invincible.

If it weren't for the lack of troops, I am afraid that the results of the battle would never stop here.

But even so, this is already exciting news for the Northeast Army who have been defeated and lost their cities and lands in the past two decades.

At the same time, it also let a group of rebellious veterans see Situ Shanu's decisiveness and courage in killing!

This allowed Situ Shanu to successfully regain the hearts of most of the soldiers.

But Situ Shanu knew that there was one more person to thank for such a brilliant result this time.

A young hero who is twelve or thirteen years old, but has extraordinary courage and courage, and is unparalleled in bravery!


In a single room in the barracks in the city, Yuan Yutang was covered with gauze oozing red like a mummy, and his little face, which had lost a lot of blood and appeared extremely pale, was calm and calm.

But it can be seen from his flickering eyes that his heart is not as calm as his appearance.

"Huh~"

Yuan Yutang exhaled heavily, his pupils quivered slightly, and an unconcealable shock flashed across his face.

The scene of Qianqi charging during the day was really shocking.

Those who haven't personally seen thousands of heavy cavalry charging in groups can't understand his mood at all.

Both men and horses are equipped with heavy armor, running and swallowing mountains and rivers, with the momentum of mountains and tsunami, charging desperately with the supreme belief of crushing everything.

It is already the pinnacle of cluster power in this era!

That shocking scene lingered in the back of Yuan Yutang's mind.

How lucky to be a part of it.

As if experiencing a spiritual storm, the turmoil in Yuan Yutang's heart could not be calmed down for a long time.

After the excitement was over, Yuan Yutang's face was tangled up with the sharp pain coming from his body. Looking at the crumbling moon outside the window, he was inexplicably moved.

Still too weak...

This time he was so impulsive that he almost put himself to death. If Situ Shanu hadn't rushed to help him at the critical moment, he might not have had the chance to see the moonlight tonight.

After this battle, Yuan Yutang learned a profound lesson, and quickly corrected his slightly inflated mentality after first gaining supernatural powers.

You must know that there is a sky beyond the sky, and there are people beyond people, and there are endless powerful people in the world. Don't think that becoming a warlock and having magical powers in your body can make you fight all over the world.

Today, the burly golden-armored Ba Yala commander alone made him suffer a lot. Combining his and Situ Shanu's power is just barely able to compete. The strength of force is simply shocking.

And personal bravery is too small for a war.

unless……

Unless the strength reaches the real world or above, it is possible to partially affect or influence the outcome of a battle.

so……

If you want to settle down in this grotesque world, you can only count on the ancient book "The Secret Technique of Tiangang"!

You must heal your injuries as soon as possible, and then kill more demons, accumulate merit, unlock new supernatural powers, and strive to become stronger.

Fang is his only way out!

While in a trance, the closed door was suddenly pushed down, and a tall and straight figure rushed into the room, shouting loudly, "Brother, Brother Wei is here to visit you!"

Yuan Yutang raised his eyes, and saw Situ Shanu striding forward with a food box and two jars of wine in his hands, smiling all over his face.

"Little brother is all right, brother Lao is worried."

After a few polite words, the two sat opposite each other at the round table.

Situ Shanu took out the hot dishes from the food box, lifted the sealing paper of the wine jar, without saying anything, lifted the wine jar and poured three big gulps, and immediately smashed the half-empty jar on the table , stood up and clasped his fists and said in a condensed voice, "Brother, thanks to you this time, otherwise my brother would not be able to make such a brilliant military exploit. On behalf of all the eight thousand soldiers in Tongshan Pass, I sincerely thank you!"

Yuan Yutang was shocked, and hurriedly got up and waved his hands, "Brother, don't hurt me, I just try my best, brother, you protect your family, defend the country, guard the border, and keep Daxia safe. You are the real heroes. I can’t afford this thank you.”

Situ Shanu didn't take it seriously, and after saluting Yuan Yutang solemnly, he said, "Young brother, don't want to follow the example of corrupt scholars. Brother is a soldier. In the eyes of soldiers, one is one, and two is two. Do things simply and accept death! No one can deny that you made a great contribution this time, so this thank you is more than enough!"

After a pause, there seemed to be a killing intent in Situ Shanu's eyes, and he twisted his voice, "I have already reported your military exploits, and the Situ family will never treat anyone who has merit. If anyone dares to stop, then Just ask about the general's saber first!"

Yuan Yutang frowned slightly. Judging from Situ Shanu's words, there seemed to be other meanings?

"Hehe, I made you laugh. Sit down, sit down and talk." Situ Shanu, as if he would change his face, instantly restored Hexi's smiling face, and greeted Yuan Yutang to take a seat with a smile.

Although he was puzzled, Situ Shanu didn't elaborate, so Yuan Yutang could only hold back his curiosity and sit down.

Situ Shanu drank very boldly, and no matter whether Yuan Yutang was still a 'minor' person, eating meat and persuading him to drink, Yuan Yutang could only sacrifice his life to accompany the gentleman.

After the three tours, the two big jars of wine have bottomed out.

Fortunately, in Yuan Yutang's previous life, he had been tested by high levels of alcohol, and the brewing technology in Daxia was not developed. The so-called spirits in these two altars were actually a little bit higher than beer.

After drinking, Yuan Yutang's pale face returned to color slightly, looking like a normal person.

Seeing this, Situ Shanu was even more delighted, he laughed and leaned forward to pat Yuan Yutang on the shoulder, "Hahaha, my brother is not only strong in martial arts, but he is also not bad at drinking, if he is not responsible for guarding, he will definitely accompany you not to get drunk Not return."

"Okay, I'm on military duty, and my brother still needs to patrol, so I won't disturb my virtuous brother's rest. I owe this drink first, and when the barbarians are repelled, we brothers will have a good drink."

After finishing speaking, Situ Shanu got up and left the table, stopped at the door, turned his back and said, "My dear brother, if someone provokes you, you don't need to save face, they will kill you without mercy!"

Now Yuan Yutang really understood, and just as he was about to ask a question, Situ Shanu strode away vigorously and resolutely.


Fifteen kilometers away from Tongshan Pass, there is a military camp of the Tushan tribe of the wolf clan that stretches for several miles.

The Taiji Jin tent was full of military officers of all ranks, big and small, with their heads drooping, sweating profusely, and the air seemed to be frozen, making everyone's hearts heavy.

On the main seat, Namurtai, known for his wantonness, was expressionless, and his knife-like eyes swept across the circle of the tent. All the officers caught by his eyes were terrified.

In today's battle, Yuan Yutang single-handedly stabbed the back of the eye, almost turning the entire left army's rear formation upside down, and then Situ Shanu led a surprise attack by a thousand Great Xia dragon knights. The Qizhengqi soldiers were almost beaten to pieces, and even Situ Shanu broke into the heavily guarded Baitouling artillery formation.

If it weren't for the commander of the artillery battalion guards who resisted desperately and used the bodies of countless bannermen to stop the iron hooves from advancing, the entire artillery formation might have been taken down.

Since the wolf clan raised troops in the early years of Taikang, it has not encountered such a big defeat in seventeen years.

More than 4,000 bannermen were killed on the spot, and there were countless wounded. More than 80 heavy cannons that were cast with all the financial resources of the Tushan Department were destroyed. more than one.

The most exasperating thing is that after paying such a heavy price, the two culprits, Situ Shanu and Yuan Yutang, escaped back to Tongshan Pass unharmed.

All kinds of data were pierced in Naimertai's heart like knives.

Thinking about it with his heels, he knew that as long as the news was sent back, the name Naimertai would be a bright joke! !

boom! Wow~

"waste!"

Naimertai suddenly shattered the table made of solid, valuable and gloomy wood with his palm, and roared angrily, "It's useless for you to be self-proclaimed, don't you all regard the Xia people as sheep with two legs? In the hands of two brats? Don't you feel ashamed?"

As soon as these words came out, the faces of the noble officers were ashamed, and their heads almost fell to the ground.

For more than ten years, the wolf and Xia have fought against each other, and they have been almost invincible. For a long time, although the soldiers of the wolf tribe have been psychologically superior to the Xia army, treating them like chickens and dogs, they are invincible in battle, but at the same time, it has also bred a general trend of arrogance and underestimation of the enemy. affection.

This defeat was caused by Tu Shan's underestimation of the enemy from the bottom up.

The scout troops who were supposed to be vigilant to the surrounding areas were all sent out to burn, kill and loot, and even the officers took the lead, so that Yuan Yutang single-handedly rushed to the front and only found out in a hurry.

This is simply a low-level mistake that cannot be lowered!

Fortunately, it was Yuan Yutang who attacked this time, and it was only Situ Shanu's thousand heavy cavalry who went out of the city to charge the battle.

If suddenly there was a troop surrounding the rear, or double the number of heavy cavalry under Situ Shanu's command, I'm afraid it would not only lose half of the Xianglan Banner's troops, but the entire Tushan tribe would be defeated.

Seeing that no one dared to answer, Naimertai became even more furious, and said fiercely, "Don't think that this matter can be overturned easily, this station will be difficult, so don't think about it too! Think about the big event coming soon, so let's put your dog's head away for the time being." Check it out!

The original plan remains the same, Ackley leads the Zhenglan Banner's three Jiala troops and 10,000 prairie auxiliary soldiers to contain Situ Shanu on the spot, and the rest of the generals must arrive at the trumpet jar before tomorrow morning to complete the ambush!

I gave you the chance, I hope you don't let me down again! "

After hearing this, all the generals fell to their knees and kowtowed to thank them.

Naimertai didn't even bother to look at it, and said to himself, "Whether you can save face depends on whether you can successfully eat the reinforcements from Yuema Pass, and whether Ackley can restrain Situ Shanu for seven days...

Noble Master Tie Mu Zhen, Namu Xier implores you to help Ackley..."

After a good opportunity, Namurtai seemed to hear an illusory response from the void:

"as you wish……"


		