

The white tiger's evil spirit soared into the sky.

Qinglong is mysterious and unpredictable.

Xuanwu is as immovable as a mountain.

Suzaku is as fast as fire.

The four great beasts guard the Quartet like giant pillars standing upright.

Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded, his mind was in chaos.

Not to mention him, anyone in the world would be speechless after seeing such a spectacle.

Before he could figure out the clues, the four giant-like beasts suddenly raised their necks and raised their necks. The color of the world changed in an instant, and then disappeared like a mirror in the water.

After a while, Yuan Yutang came back to his senses with difficulty.

Looking up at the still lofty Tianmen Pavilion, I feel a sense of cowardice for no reason.

Gritting his teeth, he mustered up the courage to move on.

"Small, do you think you can frighten me with this kind of power? You old man who is dead but not stiff, I just want to see what you are trying to do to lure me to this ghost place!"

Yuan Yutang muttered in a low voice, although he said fearless words, those two soft and trembling thighs had already betrayed his true feelings.

I don't know if it's an illusion, but Yuan Yutang feels that since the phantom of the four gods and beasts appeared, the space disorder like a ghost hitting a wall has disappeared out of thin air, and the Tianmen in the distance is no longer out of reach.

After a stick of incense, he came to the huge doorway that was radiant like a miracle.

He couldn't see clearly in the ground just now, but he was shocked again when he got close.

Two huge pillars, which cannot be hugged by ten people, prop up a huge golden archway, as high as reaching into the sky. The two giant pillars are engraved with lifelike dragon and phoenix totems. Just looking at them makes you feel dizzy. .

The archway hidden on the cloud is colorful with colorful sunsets, and the divine light is like rain, which makes it more and more sacred and inviolable.

Standing in front of the gate is like coming to the Nantian Gate in myths and legends, which made him involuntarily feel fear, surrender, shock and other chaotic emotions.

Yuan Yutang took a deep breath, emptied out the complicated thoughts in his mind, tensed his whole body, and strode across the gate.

He didn't heave a sigh of relief until it was completely passed.

With lingering fear, he looked back at Jujumenfang, just now he was really scared and made a fuss, he was really a little frightened.

Fortunately nothing happened.

Behind the gate is a flat and wide platform, the ground is as smooth as a mirror, almost reflecting his naked thighs under the hem of his clothes, and there is no gap in the floor mosaic at all, as if the entire platform is made of a huge rough stone Polished.

Not far away, a mysterious three-story pavilion stands silently in the center of the platform.

Yuan Yutang narrowed his eyes slightly, and carefully looked at the three-story building.

The dense eaves and wide beams, colorful columns and glass tiles, every inch and every inch are like exquisite works of art that integrate the craftsmanship of the past and present. , an idea popped up in my mind:

If a man is alive, if he can live in it, he will die without regret.

Immediately Yuan Yutang restrained his mind, stepped forward without hesitation, pushed open the two vermilion lacquered and riveted doors, and jumped into it.


In a strange world of only black and white, like a Danqing ink painting, Linglong felt that she was going crazy.

She had been separated from Situ Hongyi's army since she entered the Tianmen Pavilion, and appeared here alone.

The mountains, rivers, sky, earth, and even flowers and plants here are all black and white.

Although she used to be the leader of a ruthless demon hunter, her nature as a woman is hard to change.

Encountering such a strange situation alone, it is inevitable to be timid.

When she was anxiously looking for a way out, she was attacked by a giant black tiger not long after.

The giant tiger was nearly ten feet long and seven feet tall at the shoulders. It was taller and stronger than an average adult just standing. The most frightening thing was that there were two huge fleshy wings on the ribs of this black giant tiger.

A tiger with wings added, this is a different kind of tiger - Biao!

If a tiger has three sons, there must be one.

Biao is the most violent and evil, and can eat tigers!

Linglong was so frightened that her soul trembled.

In her heyday, she might still be able to fight, but her foundation was destroyed by Yuan Yutang on the shore of Jagar Lake, and now she is not much better than ordinary weak women, how can she escape the evil pursuit of the ribs and wings? .

After running away in less than ten steps in a panic, he was knocked to the ground by Biao's swoop.

Linglong swore that she had never experienced such a moment of despair in her life.

The ferocious head, as big as a stone mill, slowly poked down, and the black as ink mouth had an unpleasant stench, and even the saliva dripping from it was pure ink.

Eye

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Seeing that life-threatening mouth biting her neck, Linglong could only close her eyes and wait for death in despair.

However, in the next moment, a large fishhook pierced through the air from a very far away and precisely pierced Biao's mouth, and then the silk thread at the end of the fishhook suddenly stretched straight.

Biao struggled frantically in horror, but he was still defeated by the Wutao force from the hook, and was pulled away from the ground as if weightless.

Linglong looked at Biao in astonishment and was dragged to the side of the bubbling Mo River.

Then at the end of her field of vision appeared a small boat riding the wind and waves without any smoke.

Sitting on the bow of the boat is an old fisherman who is wearing a bamboo hat and a coir raincoat.

However, what the old man wants to catch is not the fish in the river, but the strange beasts that flop around in the air.

Biao was pulled to the top of the boat, and then fell heavily.

With Biao's body size, compared with that light and light boat, if it was outside, Linglong has no doubt that Biao would destroy the boat and kill everyone.

However, this is a strange secret realm of Tianmen Pavilion, and nothing can be overcome by common sense.

Just like now.

Linglong watched helplessly as the old man holding the pole raised his upper body as if stretching, and then a shocking scene happened.

The old man actually had a huge mouth that almost split his face in two, with one huge mouth, the back of his head was almost attached to his back.

Under the huge mouth was like a bottomless abyss, and Biao fell straight into it in despair.

With a slip of his throat, the old man with a huge mouth perfectly reproduced the wonderful trick of Snake Tunxiang, swallowing Biao who was more than ten times bigger than him alive.

Linglong was completely dumbfounded, she didn't dare to move, she desperately prayed to the gods and Buddhas all over the sky that the terrifying old man with a huge mouth didn't find her.

It's a pity that Linglong's impromptu prayer was not heard by the gods and Buddhas. The old man with a big mouth hiccupped comfortably, and immediately steered the boat straight to Linglong on the shore.

Just after leaving the wolf's den and entering the tiger's den, Linglong suddenly felt that there was nothing to love, and she simply lay down in despair.

It is impossible to escape anyway, so why struggle in vain?

The only regret is that he failed to kill Yuan Yutang himself.

If it wasn't for him, how could he have fallen into such a situation?

Even if all thoughts were lost, Linglong still hated Yuan Yutang and gritted her teeth.

However, after landing on the shore, the old man with a huge mouth did not swallow her whole as Linglong imagined, but squatted in front of her with great interest, looked at her for a while, and asked with a strange smile:

"Little girl, have you ever practiced the "Ten Thousand Bone Demon Sutra"?"

Hearing this, Linglong suddenly woke up from despair, her gray eyes regained color at the same time, she sat up and said in surprise, "Senior, senior, how do you know that the little girl has practiced the "Bone Demon Sutra"?"

I have to say that Linglong's parents didn't change her name by mistake, they just had a good heart, she weighed the pros and cons and made the most worrying choice, first she put a tall hat on the old man with a big mouth and called her senior, and then she answered truthfully, and at the same time She also implied that she was a harmless little girl to humans and animals, and there were no less than three layers of information in just one sentence.

If it weren't for the unlucky encounter with Yuan Yutang, who was forced to lose his foundation before, with Linglong's scheming and ruthless efforts, his future achievements would be limitless.

The old man with a big mouth smiled strangely after hearing Linglong's answer, his entire face was almost split horizontally, he raised his hand to rub his chin, and said with a grin, "In this way, you should be regarded as the disciple of this old man."

"What?" Linglong screamed in surprise, and instinctively retorted, "How, how is it possible? Are you the real devil bone who created the "Ten Thousand Bone Demon Sutra" two hundred years ago?"

"Hmph, ignorance!" The old man with a big mouth snorted disdainfully, "What kind of demon bone real person is just a shameless person who deceives the world and steals his name."

"This old man does not change his name when he walks or sits, but he is one of the "Eight Great Aspects" under the eight-faced Buddha seat of Huanxizong, the "Bone-eating Aspect" giant mouth old man!"

"The "Ten Thousand Bone Demon Sutra" is an unrivaled skill created by the old man alone. Back then, the old man used this magic skill to kill hypocrites who claimed to be famous and upright. The corpses of hypocrites scattered all over the field. All righteous warlocks in the Taizun Dynasty feared the old man like a tiger!"

"It's a pity that the old man was so popular that he was missed by Zhuge Pifu, who is a genius in the sky. In the last battle, he was inferior to others. He lost half a move to Zhuge Pifu, and ended up in a tragic end. Not only the magic bone treasure that has been cultivated for many years The face was smashed to pieces, and the remnant soul was taken into the secret realm, forced to become Zhuge Pifu's watchdog!"

Jukousou, the self-proclaimed founder of "The Demon of Bone", seemed to change his face during his speech. His emotions changed from arrogance to excitement to frustration, and finally to resentment. The frequency was so fast and vivid that Linglong was stunned.

After finally suppressing the surging anger, Jukousao finally concluded, "Girl, don't be blind to Mount Tai. This old man is the true founder of the "Bone Demon Sutra". Master will never suffer!"

Shocked Linglong suddenly felt blessed, bowed her head respectfully and bowed in an instant, and cried out in trepidation:

"Father Master, disciple Linglong has eyes but no eyes.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Zhu, please don't blame me! "

The crisp patriarch's voice made the old man's ears sore, and he laughed from ear to ear, and said repeatedly, "Okay, you are a good baby."

There was a sudden pause while talking, Jukousou asked suspiciously, "The demonic energy in your body is impure and its foundation has been completely destroyed. Could it be that the righteous way is still persecuting the disciples who practice the Demonic Sutra?"

Linglong's heart jumped when she heard the words, she suppressed her joy, pretended to be pitiful and wanted to cry, "Master Patriarch, you don't know that this disciple has been miserable these years..."

As he spoke, he recounted how Daoist Mogu rose, how he fell, and the tragic experiences of his fellow disciples who practiced the "Ten Thousand Bone Demon Sutra" for more than two hundred years, in order to arouse Jukousou's sympathy.

In the end, he carefully brought in private goods, changed the grievances with Yuan Yutang, and directly concluded the coffin as a human tragedy in which righteous people persecuted innocent Bai Lianhua.

"Patriarch, you don't know that in order to avoid the pursuit of the pretentious Yuan Yutang, and to preserve the last spark of the magic scriptures, I have no choice but to humiliate myself and be humble to Situ Hongyi. Na, you want to be the master of the slave family~"

Linglong cried heartbroken, as if Dou E had possessed her body, her voice was so sad, and her spirit was so sad that those who heard it were sad and those who saw her wept, pushing her acting skills of more than twenty years to the peak of her life.

While wiping away tears, he still secretly observed Jukousou's expression changes.

If Linglong was born on the earth, she would definitely be qualified to win the statuette.

"Damn it, it's so deceiving!"

rumbling~

Jukousou roared suddenly, and a terrifying momentum like a hurricane exploded in an instant. There was no grass growing along the way, and the river flooded back, just like the scene of a natural disaster.

Linglong was caught off guard by the sudden aura and was almost knocked out of her wits. Fortunately, Jukousou temporarily remembered that the poor female apprentice and grandson are now just a useless person, so he hurriedly controlled her aura and made a detour, so Linglong was not killed.

After a while, Linglong came back to her senses, seeing the mess around her, she couldn't help but be terrified.

This cheap patriarch seems to be too strong...

After venting, the giant-mouthed old man seemed furious, panting sharply for a few moments to stabilize his emotions, and looked at the panic-stricken Linglong lovingly with his two triangular mouse eyes, and said softly, "My dear disciple, in the future, the patriarch will make decisions for you. No one in the world dares to bully you at will!"

Linglong pretended for a long time and finally heard the words she wanted to hear the most. She couldn't help being elated, she didn't even have time to dry her tears, so Natou bowed and said, "My family thanked the patriarch for his kindness~"

Like an ordinary old man enjoying family happiness, the giant-mouthed old man stroked his beard cheerfully and said with a smile, "Don't talk about your own family, get up."

"Follow the order of the patriarch."

Linglong instantly entered the role of a filial son and virtuous grandson, and stood up with a low eyebrow and walked forward to help the old man with a big mouth.

Seeing this, the giant-mouthed old man was even more overjoyed, that giant mouth had never been closed at all.

"Little boy, this Heavenly Gate Pavilion was built by Zhuge Piff, who spent half his life working hard to collect the most evil treasures in the world. It is said that in the core area, there is a great opportunity that Zhuge Piff will leave to future generations."

"The old man is already a dying man, once he leaves here, he will not be able to live, and you have called so many patriarchs, the old man has nothing, and wants to give you a chance, so I ask you if you dare to fight! "

Linglong, who was entering the play, suddenly felt terrified, and looked at Jukousao in disbelief.

Zhuge Tianji's great opportunity to leave a predestined person for future generations?

Me, am I also eligible to compete?

In an instant, Linglong felt unbearably hot all over.

After all, she is still a woman with a strong desire for power, otherwise she would not have formed a team of demon hunters to do business without money.

She had no choice but to choose to be Situ Hongyi's plaything. At this time, there is hope for her to turn around, so how can she calm down?

Jukousao looked meaningfully at Linglong, who was short of breath, and praised, "What a woman who doesn't give way to a man. She is worthy of being the disciple of the old man. She should have the spirit to not lose to the people in the world."

Raising his hand for a while while speaking, a gap suddenly opened between the natural world of ink and wash.

Jukousou pointed at the gap and yelled at Fang Qiu, "Since you want to fight for that opportunity, I will help you. Remember to carry forward the "Bone Demon Sutra" after you go out, and don't let me down your expectations of you!"

At this moment, Linglong was so moved that she couldn't be more moved, she even swallowed her head, then knelt down and kowtowed three times in a row, and swore in a concentrated voice, "Above the heavens, if this servant can seize the opportunity and survive this time, I will definitely be in the future for the rest of my life." Carry forward the door lintel as the head, and never disappoint the high expectations of the patriarch, if you break this oath, the sky will be struck by lightning!"

After saying that, he got up and rushed into the gap without saying a word.

Until the gap disappeared, the giant mouth old man was still reluctant to part, but there was a tricky smile on his face.

That smile is like the joy of a hunter when he sees a cunning fox fall into a trap.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		