

After making an appointment with 'Bao inquiring' three days later, Yuan Yutang came to Donglai Inn in the north of the city to stay overnight.

Unfortunately, this year's Autumn Lantern Festival will be held for seven days in a row, attracting tourists from hundreds of miles away, the major inns in the city are overcrowded, and Yuan Yutang paid three times the price to get a room.

The red rabbit was handed over to Xiaoer who had received the reward, and Yuan Yutang carried the 'Brother Pingtou' who was buried in the fruit and went back to the room to rest.

Just as he was leaving, an old chap and the shopkeeper uttered the following words:

"Boss, is it really okay for you to let the guests live in No. 7 Guizi room?"

"Hey, why do you care so much? If you have money and don't make money, you can't drive the guests out, right?"

"But……"

"Stop talking so much nonsense, go and go, hurry up and get to work!"


The guest room in Donglai Inn is simple in style, with an ink embroidered screen, a quaint coffee table, four round stools and a wooden bed, which are all the furnishings of the room.

Yuan Yutang tidied up the nest for 'Brother Pingtou' first, now

Only then did I sleep peacefully.

It has to be said that it has been almost half a year since he came to Liaozhai World, and he is still not used to sleeping on hard wooden pillows, and every time he wakes up, he always feels neck discomfort.

However, it is better to have a tile to cover your head than to sleep in the open air, so there is no need to be too picky.

While thinking wildly, he gradually fell asleep.

After an unknown amount of time, Yuan Yutang suddenly opened his eyes in the darkness, and suddenly turned his head to look at the screen in front of the bed.

With the faint moonlight outside the window, another figure appeared in the room where he was supposed to be alone.

The figure hid behind the screen, hunched over as if undressing.

Yuan Yutang didn't say anything, just lay quietly on the bed and watched.

Soon the figure took off his coat, and calmly came over from behind the screen.

Under the moonlight, it was a scorched burnt ghost that was beyond recognition.

As soon as the burnt ghost appeared, he walked straight towards the wooden bed, as if turning a blind eye to Yuan Yutang on the bed.

Yuan Yutang sighed, stood up silently and made way for him.

The burnt ghost lay down on his buttocks, and soon there was the sound of sleeping.

Leaning on the window sill, Yuan Yutang lit a cigarette and looked up at the bright moon.

There is a record in the master's secret book. It is said that there is a special terrain in various parts of the world. If someone unfortunately dies here, the ghost will be bound in place after death, repeating the tragic experience before dying every day, and there will be no peace forever.

Presumably the burning ghost on the bed was bound by a special terrain and evolved into a fearless earth-bound spirit, repeating despair every day.

Most of these ghosts are harmless and poor people in the world.

That's why Yuan Yutang didn't do anything.

After waiting for a while, suddenly a fire appeared in the dark room.

The fire came strangely and burned extremely fast.

In less than a while, the whole room was set on fire, and the smoke was billowing, making it invisible.

Yuan Yutang acted like nothing happened, standing unmoved in the raging flames, 'Brother Pingtou' didn't even wake up, still sleeping soundly and soundly.

And the burning ghost on the bed let out a horrific and desperate scream, surrounded by flames, jumped up from the bed crazily, howled and wanted to rush out the door.

It's a pity that the fire is so fierce, where is there a way to escape?

Struggling in vain only adds to despair.

Gradually, the burnt ghost fell into the smoky flames without a sound.

Soon the inexplicable fire dissipated, and everything in the room was as usual.

If it wasn't for the smoking and charred corpse lying on the floor, everyone would think that the scene just now was just an illusion.

Yuan Yutang sighed again silently, sat cross-legged in front of the motionless charred corpse, closed his eyes and recited the mantra:

"Men and women, wild ghosts and wandering souls... cross the mortal world, like floating clouds, leave no traces... leave no love, leave no hatred, leave no traces..."

After three times of the Soul Saving Mantra full of compassionate vows, the charred corpse turned into a cloud of green smoke and passed through the roof to return to the netherworld.

Although the earth binding spirit is harmless, it is not a problem to let it wander the world after all, so Yuan Yutang rescued it.

Speaking of which, the innkeeper was so bad that he spent a lot of money to arrange a haunted room for him.

You have to talk about it tomorrow morning!

It's almost five o'clock now, and when Yuan Yutang was about to go to bed for a sleep, suddenly out of the corner of his eye, he saw a black shadow suddenly passing by outside the window.

Huh?

What kind of breath is this?

Neither human, nor ghost, nor demon, weird?

After a little thought, Yuan Yutang pulled off his outer robe and quietly jumped out of the window.

Traveling all the way in a hurry, Yuan Yutang hung behind the strange black figure in the air not too far away, and soon came to a luxurious mansion.

Seeing the black shadow rushing into the mansion, Yuan Yutang didn't hesitate, jumped up, lightly passed the fence about five feet high, and landed silently.

The high-walled compound of the mansion house has pavilions and pavilions inside. It is obvious that its owner is either rich or noble.

Yuan Yutang almost screamed out as he touched the attic with Youzi's lights on in a dark shadow.

Then, with the faint light from the glazed window, he could see the true face of the black shadow clearly.

It turned out to be a flying head!

The head looks young and quite handsome, but there is an obscene aura that cannot be concealed between the brows, like an old pornographic critic who has been browsing the pornographic net for a long time in the previous life.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang woke up suddenly, there was a secret record in the master's secret book:

There is a saying in the ancient book "The Great Wilderness Classic": In ancient times, there were "falling head people" in the south, whose heads could fly, and after lying down every night, their heads flew away, or came in and out from the dog's sinus, or from the skylight, and used their ears as wings. , It is very strange to return the dawn.

And there are similar monsters with flying heads in oriental folklore.

The flying monster right now must be the legendary 'Flying Headman'.

It's just that these inherently weird ancient people should have been wiped out in the long river of history long ago. Even if they survived, they would definitely hide their names from the world. Logically speaking, they shouldn't appear in a crowded city.

If something goes wrong, there must be a demon, and there must be something strange in it.

The 'Flying Headman' landed in front of the translucent glass window and refused to move, and chuckled strangely when he felt uncomfortable. What on earth is this guy trying to do?

In order to clear up the confusion, Yuan Yutang decided to stand still for a while and observe for a while.

Looking around, he soon found a decisive observation point - a tall banyan tree in front of the attic.

Stepping in twos and threes, Yuan Yutang quietly jumped up to the canopy of the tree and listened carefully to see what kind of medicine was sold in the gourd of this 'Flying Headman' of unknown origin.

"Hee hee, take it off, take it off, I can't wait~"

Yuan Yutang: ...

After a long time, he was actually peeping?

I thought this guy looked like an old pervert, but I didn't expect it to be.

To actually use the flying head technique to peep, what a fucking talent!

Thinking of himself coming out to drink the Northwest Wind in the middle of the night, Yuan Yutang couldn't help becoming angry from embarrassment, and when he was about to rush up and punch the dog's head, he suddenly felt something was wrong.

Focusing on his eyes, Yuan Yutang's field of vision magnified sharply.

Through Ying Yingzhuo's blurry glass window, he was immediately taken aback.

The room was not the glamorous scene he had imagined at all.

On the contrary, the inside is like a nightmarish horror scene.

I saw a young woman lying immobile on a big bed made of precious sandalwood, her body was stiff and trembling, and her expression was distorted in panic.

Standing in front of Jieyou's bed was a strange man with livid complexion and a face full of resentment.

The man peeled off the woman's pajamas and obscene clothes layer by layer, and he refused to stop until the woman was completely stripped.

The obscene clothes are gone, so peel the flesh.

After the skin and flesh are gone, the bones are removed.

Not only that, after the skin and flesh faded, the woman miraculously did not die, and she was suffering from the pain of Ling Chi in a waking state, and the pain was already so painful that she was dizzy.

The man's technique was extremely fast, even if Yuan Yutang wanted to stop it, it was too late. He dismantled the young woman cleanly in the blink of an eye, and then swayed and sank into the floor.

After the weird man disappeared, only the woman whose head was still intact let out a horrific scream.

In an instant, the whole mansion was awakened.

'Flying Headman' giggled a few times, slapped his ears with incomparably huge wind, and then rose into the sky, and soon disappeared in the night.

Yuan Yutang doesn't know the art of controlling the sky, so he can only watch the 'Flying Toumin' go away.

It's just that he instinctively felt that the weird scene tonight was not simple, and it seemed that there was something else going on.

But now is not the time to be entangled. Other awakened people rushed over after hearing the news. If you don't want to have misunderstandings, it's better to leave as soon as possible.

Yuan Yutang jumped off the banyan tree and left the mansion before being discovered.

After returning to the inn, Yuan Yutang tossed and turned, without sleep all night.

After dawn, when he went downstairs to have breakfast, he overheard the chatter of the diners next to him, and he couldn't help solving the doubts that he had been thinking about in the middle of the night.

Diner A said mysteriously, "Brother, have you heard that last night, that slut in the Tang Mansion was killed alive?"

Diner B said in amazement, "Wow, is this really true? That slut has a heart of snakes and scorpions, and she is extremely vicious. It's an eye-opener for her to be killed alive!"

Poor Zhou Xiucai, who had a chance to be named on the gold list, but he married that slut for wealth and honor. Gao Zhier failed to make it, and instead lost his life with his wife, which is sad and lamentable. "

Diner A sighed, "Who said it wasn't. That slut has a bad reputation, she is naturally flirtatious, and she can be a husband at a young age.

In the early years, she accidentally got pregnant with her servants. In order to cover up the scandal, the Tang family had to squeeze their noses to recruit a son-in-law. They thought that no one in the local area would be willing to suffer from such a useless attitude. , insisted on being that green-capped tortoise whose spine was poked. "

Diner B sighed, "Actually, it's no wonder that Zhou Xiucai has no backbone. A penny can't help a hero. He lost his father since he was a child. He was brought up by his mother who worked so hard. Then his mother became seriously ill but had no money to treat him. If it were you, what should I do?" how?"

"That slut has such a vicious heart. Ever since Zhou Xiucai got married, she beat and scolded the Zhou family's mother and son frequently. She didn't treat her as human beings at all. She also had no sense of shame. She blatantly brought a wild man home to fool around. Zhou Xiucai could only say a few words in anger. Collaborating with an adulterer to stick their mother and child to death is simply devoid of conscience!"

Diner A smiled wryly, "In these days, if you have the power and power, you can have a relationship with the sky. Such a vile crime has been turned into a big thing and a small thing under the Tang family's dredging relationship. It's really chilling to say it~"

"Shhh, do you want to die? How dare you blatantly criticize Lord Fu Zun!"

"Hehe, isn't this filled with righteous indignation, a momentary negligence, thank you brother for reminding me."

"That's enough, that's enough, it's enough to make people happy that the slut is punished, why are we talking so much? Let's eat!"


		