

The terrain of Sanshan Road is high in the north and south and low in the middle. It is composed of plateaus, mountains, plains and basins, among which the Loess Plateau accounts for more than half of the province's land area.

Since Xindi came to the throne in the first year of Taikang, nine natural and man-made disasters have occurred frequently in the world, and the people of Dousheng have suffered unspeakably.

Sanshan Road has been in severe drought for ten years, and the disaster is severe every year. There is no fertile land in ten, and there are thousands of miles of barren land.

People who can't eat enough, thirsty and can't drink, either leave their hometowns to beg for a living, or rebel for chestnuts, or wait for death in place. There is no fourth way to go.

Due to the impact of natural disasters, Sanshan Road is also the road with the most bandits except Huguang Road.

On the tenth day of September, frost falls.

Zhaozhou Jinyuan Mansion.

It was unbearably hot a few days ago, but how did you know that the frost had not yet arrived? Last night, a sudden blizzard fell, and this morning the dry and cracked fields outside the city were covered with white snow.

A group of patrolling soldiers in thin padded jackets yawned and opened the city gate.

Suddenly, a huge black figure outside the city gate was about to pour into the city.

Seeing this, the soldiers patrolling the city immediately felt relieved, and kept order by cursing and beating one by one.

"Tianniang's queuing up, queuing up to pay the city tax!"

"Who is that, if you dare to run around again, I will kill you on the spot!"

Countless unkempt, ragged, and shivering refugees heard that they had to pay the city tax before they could enter the city, and the light of hope in their eyes suddenly went out, and they walked with heavy steps like walking corpses half a mile outside the city. grove.

This scene is played out almost every day.

The refugees prayed every day that the officials and lords in the city would show kindness and let them enter the city to survive.

Then there is hope ruthlessly destroyed, hope again the next day, disappointment again, and repeat the cycle until you die of thirst, starvation or freezing to death.

In the disaster year, the landlord's family has no food left, and it is better to expect the world to drop the pie than to count on the relief of the people in the city.

Everyone understands the truth, but the victims of the disaster are really desperate.

Right now, most of the small woods are full of old and weak women and children, all of them are sallow and emaciated from hunger, even if they go to rebel and become rogues, they will not be accepted.

Nowadays, food is as expensive as gold, but whatever can be eaten will be wiped out by the refugees.

As far as the grove is concerned, which tree still has leaves and bark?

has long been

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Hungry red-eyed refugees ate it up.

In just half a mile, the refugees' little physical strength was exhausted, and they immediately lay down a large area as soon as they entered the grove.

Those who are willing to go to the city gate to try their luck are mostly people with a strong desire to survive. In the small woods, there are more old and weak people who are lying flat to death. There are so many people that there is almost no place to stay.

All of them have empty eyes, and they don't feel cold lying on the snow-covered ground, and they may die at any time.

Among these hopeless refugees, two stand out from the crowd.

A middle-aged man with a height of nearly ten feet, although he was hungry and skinny, his eyes were extremely fierce, like a hungry wolf in the night, ready to eat anyone at any time, and there was a vivid wolf tattoo on his left face. No one dares to approach.

Next to the middle-aged man lay a sickly young man, curled up into balls from the cold, his eyelids trembling constantly during his drowsiness, as if he was suffering from a nightmare.

"...water...water..."

The young man murmured in a low voice, half dreaming and half awake.

The middle-aged man was also unambiguous, and grabbed a large handful of muddy mud and snow and stuffed it into the boy's mouth.

The thirsty young man felt the wetness between his lips. He gulped down the water and spat out the mud and stones in his mouth. The middle-aged man was very happy to see it.

Time is meaningless here, and the sun goes down in the blink of an eye.

The temperature dropped sharply visible to the naked eye, and scattered snowflakes began to fall from the dark sky.

In order to survive, the refugees did not care about etiquette, righteousness, and shame. They hugged each other in pairs, cursing the inappropriate ways of the world, while tremblingly resisting the severe cold.

The snowflakes fell on the middle-aged man, he didn't notice it, he didn't move his nest, and he didn't care about the shivering young man on the ground, his eyes were absorbed in staring at the night sky, as if he wanted to confide in a thousand things.

Three days passed, and from time to time old refugees starved to death and froze to death, and new refugees continued to join. The small bare woods seemed to condense the microcosm of the entire society.

It was a rare sunny day, and Hexi's sun was shining warmly on his body, which made the refugees who were terrified all night and afraid that they would not wake up hurry up to catch up on sleep.

The middle-aged man who had been sitting for several days seemed to have gained enough strength, and like a cat and dog upside down, he grabbed the still unconscious boy by the collar and strode towards Fucheng in stride.

Under the eyes of countless hopes mixed with schadenfreude, the middle-aged man came to the gate of the city.

A small official is in the city

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Lazily basking in the sun on the tax table in front of the door, seeing the middle-aged man coming, without raising his eyelids, he said feebly the rhetoric that was repeated thousands of times a day:

"There is a rule in this government that anyone who enters the city must pay ten taels of silver to enter the city!"

As soon as the words fell, suddenly there was a heavy object hitting on the desk, which startled the little official.

Just when he was about to explode into anger, he was suddenly attracted by the palm-sized metal object on the desk that was shining brightly in the sun.

That's actually a piece of natural dog's head gold with perfect color? ?

The little official picked it up in disbelief, and stuffed it into his mouth impatiently.

Bite hard, and with a bang, the gold did not fade in any way, but almost bitten off the back molars.

Seeing the desire to hunt, the little official dared to call the city patrol soldiers to kill the fool with lost money.

Unexpectedly, as soon as he raised his head, he met a pair of sharp wolf-like fierce eyes, and then looked at the strange wolf tattoo on the left side of the man's face, and the murderous words on his lips suddenly changed into a flattering smile:

"Here, this nobleman, welcome to Jinyuan Mansion. The city entry tax you paid far exceeds the regulations, and the villain will not be able to break it for a while..."

"It's okay, I'll reward you for the rest." The middle-aged man spoke for the first time, his voice was hoarse and low, and there was an inexplicable charm of calm and prestige.

Hearing the words, the little official immediately smiled, and even left his work behind, and hastily nodded and bowed to lead the way under the envious eyes of his colleagues.

"I want the best inn in the city, two first-class guest rooms, and ten portions of food, and rewards when I finish it." The middle-aged man ignored the little official at all, and ordered like a servant .

The petty official was not annoyed, he heard that there was a reward, so he led the way more diligently.

Anyone who is eligible for the lucrative position of a tax collector needs both connections and vision.

How can a petty official with good eyesight fail to see the obvious superior aura of a middle-aged man.

After settling in the most luxurious Tianfulou Inn in the city, the clerk satisfactorily took two pieces of dog's head gold the size of a palm to find a good friend in the west of the city to share the joy.

Under the surprised eyes of the waiter, the middle-aged man ate up the food for ten people by himself.

After eating and drinking, he dismissed the buddy. The middle-aged man looked at the sleepy boy and smiled wryly at himself:

"Yuan Yutang, I, Naimertai, would never have thought that I would be your nanny one day."

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		