

Compared with Qin Wuji and the others who were struggling to bear Brahpracha's anger head-on, Yuan Yutang, who was surrounded by hungry ghosts, was also having a hard time.

Although the level of these hungry ghosts in front of us is not as high as that of Brabocha, there are simply too many of them.

Looking up, it was so dark that there was no end in sight, as if all the hungry ghosts in the entire hungry ghost realm had escaped.

Moreover, the hungry ghost is fearless and painless, or has been numb from the pain, and only the most primitive anger and resentment control its actions. It can't wait to tear everything it sees into pieces, and let Yuan Yutang kill it no matter what. .

Yuan Yutang was almost numb.

Although I have experienced similar painted skin ghost towns, how can the humble painted skin slaves compare with the frightened hungry ghosts of warlocks?

The most frightening thing is that every time a hungry ghost is killed, Yuan Yutang will be transferred by the sins of the dead hungry ghost to grow extremely vicious sores.

In just half a stick of incense, Yuan Yutang's hands and feet were covered with sores that were swollen and pus-filled, and every time he moved, his heart ached.

As expected of a hungry ghost, it really is difficult to deal with.

Yuan Yutang's teeth were about to be shattered, and he was crazily slaughtering hungry ghosts with great pain, but the burning sensation he had been looking forward to had never appeared, and he couldn't help but feel anxious.

Hurry up, hurry up...

If you don't hurry up, it will be too late!


At the end, Zhou Luofei hugged 'Brother Flathead' and shivered, her beautiful eyes were full of fear and worry.

It was also thanks to Yuan Yutang who was in charge of the gate and attracted all the firepower of the hungry ghosts, otherwise, if she was rushed by the flood of hungry ghosts, how could she survive without the strength to restrain the chicken?

The last warlock in charge of guarding has been working on his big metal box since just now, tinkling non-stop, and he doesn't know what he's doing.

"Uncle Feng, what are you waiting for? Didn't you see that they couldn't bear it anymore?"

Finally, Concubine Zhou Luo couldn't help shouting at Feng Feiyuan, the last warlock guard.

Feng Feiyuan turned around anxiously and said, "It will be fine soon, just wait a little longer!"

"Wait a little longer, they're going to die~" Zhou Luofei roared with tears streaming down her face as she broke down.

Feng Feiyuan didn't speak, and continued to work hard.

soon.

"Hahaha, it's finally assembled, here I come, Boss!"

Feng Feiyuan jumped up excitedly, danced and stepped aside, and saw a humanoid object covered in dark heavy armor appearing impressively.

"Heavenly crafts create things, good fortune is myriad, spiritual wisdom opens!"

Feng Feiyuan bit the tip of his tongue violently, and sprayed the 'True Yang Splash' full of magic power on the Iron Armored Man.

'True Yang Splash' blood on the tip of his tongue usually accumulates mana, once he uses 'True Yang Splash', it means he is going to do his best.

zi la zi la~

As soon as the warm blood on the tip of the tongue touched the black armor, it suddenly boiled, and every time it passed through, red runes the size of rice grains lit up on the black armor.

Ka Ka Ka ~

Amidst the grinding of gears, the lifeless armored man moved slowly.

Among the sects in the world, there is a sect with a unique style, which has the supernatural power to refine all things and grasp the secrets of truth in the world. It is called Tianji Villa!

Legend has it that Tianji Villa was founded by Zhuge Tianji, the last national teacher of the previous dynasty and the last ascendant in the world. Compared with the illusory immortality, their pursuit of truth is more tireless, and each disciple has ingenious machine attainments.

Unexpectedly, the humble Feng Feiyuan came from the mysterious Tianji Villa.

This miraculous scene made Zhou Luofei so dumbfounded that she even forgot to cry.

"Fu Jiang Iron Armor, kill the enemy!" Feng Feiyuan roared fiercely with blood dripping from the corner of his mouth.

After receiving the order, the talisman with the red light on his body started to trot the iron armor, and then the speed became faster and faster. When the acceleration reached the limit, it suddenly turned into a black lightning, and instantly cut into Qin Wuji's side of the battlefield.

The Fujiang Iron Armor is the strongest puppet magic soldier Feng Feiyuan has spent half his life creating. He always carries it with him wherever he goes.

It's a pity that such a powerful magic weapon has a fatal flaw, that is, it needs to be disassembled and recharged every time it is used, and it needs to be reassembled when it is used.

Otherwise, in terms of combat effectiveness, Feng Feiyuan was considered the strongest among Qin Wuji and the others.

Qin Wuji specially asked him to protect Concubine Zhou Luo. Apart from worrying about Concubine Zhou Luo's safety, another purpose was to buy him time to assemble the talisman general's armor.

Concubine Zhou Luo was taken aback for a moment, and then shouted angrily, "Uncle Feng, how could you do this? Didn't you see that Yuan Yutang is the one who needs support the most with outnumbered enemies? Call your iron man back quickly!"

"Miss!"

In Concubine Zhou Luo's mind, Feng Feiyuan, who had always had the impression of being a good man and having no temper, suddenly yelled at her, leaving her in a daze.

Feng Feiyuan's face was anxious and ferocious, and he gritted his teeth, "Now is not the time to be willful, I know you care about Yuan Yutang, but the boss and the others are our own people, it is impossible for me to ignore my brother for an outsider!"

"Besides, although I don't know what medicine Yuan Yutang sells in the gourd, the boss and the others are the most critical factors that determine the outcome. If the boss and the others can't support Yuan Yutang to complete the layout, everyone will die, including you and me!"

"So, I implore the eldest lady to put the overall situation first, and don't play petty temper at this time!"

Concubine Zhou Luo was stunned for a moment, at a loss for what to do.

After all, Feng Feiyuan ignored Zhou Luofei and concentrated on fighting with the talisman general's iron armor by remote control.


"Chisha, the sand rolls into the clouds, kill!"

Qin Wuji's tiger's eyes turned red, and he output his mana regardless of his injuries. The flying sword Chisha's sword energy surged in an instant, and with a sudden sway, it split into two, then into four, and separated crazily. In an instant, it became a huge sword ten feet away. net, and rushed to the Brahmacha at a high speed.

"When King Kong is angry, the group of demons bow their heads!"

Suddenly, the majestic sound of Zhizheng Dharma sounded, Jin Buer looked like a mad tiger, holding a vajra with brilliant Buddha's light, behind him was the image of Vajra raising his head, leaped high, and stabbed the Brahmanja with the force of thunder.

"Ten heavens and nine earths, ghosts of the nether world, quickly gather under the banner to listen to my orders, as urgently as the law!"

The strongest soldiers, the Four Plague Ghosts, were struggling to restrain Brahmacha's karma body, Zhao Gan also bit the tip of his tongue, and sprayed a mouthful of 'True Yang Splash' onto the Soul Suppressing Banner.

In an instant, the soul-removing flag made a terrifying sound of howling ghosts and wolves, and strong Yin energy suddenly emerged from the ground. All the lonely and wild ghosts within a five-mile radius were arrested and recruited under his banner, and obeyed his orders to besiege Brahpracha.

For the sake of fighting to this point, each other has formed an endless grievance, and there is no room for it.

Brothers who had been brothers and sisters for many years died one after another, even if they were dead, Qin Wuji and the others would bite off a piece of flesh and blood from Porobacha.

"The fire of the fireflies is also worthy of competing with the bright sun?"

Porobakha's fragmented body, which was smashed to death by two divine lightnings, is recovering quickly. Seeing Qin Wuji and the three of them fighting to the death, he couldn't help but mocked in a cold voice.

"Since you are rushing to die, then go to die!"

"Extreme restricted area, stand!"

Suddenly, the previous invisible field reappeared, suppressing the audience.

Qin Wuji and the three of them suddenly felt that the mud was falling into the sea, and they could not advance an inch.

Seeing Qin Wuji and the others struggling like poor worms caught in a spider's web, Boluo Bocha couldn't help but sneered and concentrated on healing.

However, it underestimated Qin Wuji's determination.

I saw Qin Wuji's eyes flashed a stern look, he raised his hand with difficulty, and suddenly inserted it into his eyes.

With a puff, the blood burst out.

At the cost of gouging out his own eyes, Qin Wuji, who was bleeding all over his face, let out a roar that didn't look like a living person.

"The Great Wall of Flesh and Flesh, self-destroyed with false lessons, and sacrificed to the sword with blood, all jade and stone will be burnt!"

"Sword to kill heaven!"

Suddenly, the sleepy Chisha suddenly let out an extremely high-pitched sword cry, and the sword energy shot up to the sky in an instant, cutting crazily vertically and horizontally.

puff puff ~

In just a moment, the Jiye restricted zone that suppressed everything was riddled with holes and fell apart.

"Hiss~ how is it possible?" Brahmacha exclaimed in disbelief.

A mere peak monk who has not yet completely broken through the boundary can actually break through the forbidden zone of extreme karma, one of his natal supernatural powers, which is beyond Brahma's expectations.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Jin Buer and Zhao Gan seized the opportunity to attack the astonished Brahmacha.

"Go away, bug!"

When he came back to his senses, Borobacha found that Jin Buer was close at hand.

With a wave of his hand, the void suddenly split, and the water of Huangquan surged out, rushing towards Jin Buer swiftly and fiercely.

Impressively, it is the impact of supernatural powers from the underworld!

"If I don't go to hell, whoever goes to hell, Amitabha!"

Jin Buer yelled out the long-lost Buddha's name angrily, and the vajra in his hand was full of Buddha's light, like scissors cutting cloth, tearing apart the incoming yellow spring water, ignoring the pain of the cold and biting yellow spring water falling on his body like a gouache, and continued Drive straight in, pointing directly at the Brahma Fork.

"Sin Shield Wall!"

Three solid, thick and simple sin shield walls were formed, and they squeezed towards Jin Buer with a terrifying force that crushed everything.

Jin Buer's eyes were about to split open, ignoring the imminent fatal crisis, all he could think about was piercing the vajra in his hand into the body of Brahmanja.

Seeing that Jin Buer was about to be crushed into minced meat.

At this time, Fu Jiang's iron armor came in time, and he managed to hold the two sinful shield walls with his own strength.

Immediately afterwards, countless humble lonely ghosts rushed forward twisting and howling, and with the force of a gnat shaking a tree, they forcibly carried the last sin shield wall that was slowly crushed. It was Zhao Gan's wandering ghost soldiers who came to help in time. Jin Buer narrowly escaped.

However, behind every feat, there must be a heavy price.

Although Zhao Qian resisted the unstoppable evil shield wall, most of the wandering ghost soldiers he recruited became scapegoats, and the overloaded backlash immediately severely injured himself, and he was sent flying several feet away out of thin air, and he was already unconscious when he landed personnel.

The Four Plague Ghosts who lost Zhao Gan's control suddenly had no leader, and were killed one by one by the karma body.

After the talisman showed its power, it was also crushed into a thin discus.

In the distance, Feng Feiyuan, who was in the iron armor of the control talisman of the mind-linking, whimpered, spurted blood wildly, and fell into the dying moment instantly.

The three good brothers desperately created an excellent opportunity, how could Jin Buer not cherish it?

Suppressing the grief, he let out an angry roar, gathered the power of certain generation on the vajra, and stabbed out angrily.

Knowing that he is invincible, Jin Buer will desperately seek justice for his brother who died in vain!

"Ghost animal, die for the Buddha!"

There seemed to be a flash of panic in Brahpracha's pale ghost eyes, and then it was replaced by ferocity.

"Soul-suppressing ghost chain!"

Shh~

The void seemed to be torn apart by an invisible giant hand, and a huge rusty chain leading to no one knew where it was thrown out of thin air, engulfing Jin Buer like lightning, and then suddenly recovered.

"No!" Jin Bu'er's dead soul raged. Although he didn't die immediately on the spot, the fool also knew that once he was dragged into it by the giant chain, the ending would definitely be more miserable than death.

Just when Jin Buer was about to be dragged into the crack of the void, an unbearable throbbing suddenly broke out between the heaven and the earth, followed by Yuan Yutang's ecstatic laugh.

"Hahaha, my merits and virtues are perfect and I have opened my supernatural powers, I have succeeded!!!"


		