

Jin Buer used to be a disciple of the upright Zen sect of Buddhism, but was expelled from the monastery for violating the precepts. After suffering all kinds of bitterness and bitterness, he ended up working as a guard at Concubine Zhou Luo's house. It was Qin Wuji who pulled him out of the mud at the beginning.

Seeing that Qin Wuji was in trouble at this time, he stepped forward without hesitation.

"Roar~"

The sound waves containing great wishes and compassion condensed into a lion with claws and claws, rushing towards the Brahma Chakra.

The lion's roar is the ultimate sound of Buddhism. Under the clear roar, it is like a thunderbolt rushing down, shocking people's hearts, causing the enemy's liver and gallbladder to tear, and they will collapse without a fight.

Brahmacha only had time to let out a gasp before being hit head-on.

Boom~

The Buddhist kung fu is worthy of being hailed as one of the most powerful kung fu in the world that can restrain evil spirits. The energy of the lion suddenly exploded, and it was even as strong as the Brahmacha, which was also staggered by the blast.

One blow worked, but Jin Buer was not happy.

Because he knew that this level of attack was just scratching the itch of Brabocha.

However, his task has been completed, and the rest can be handed over to his brother with peace of mind.

"Lightning Mother Lei Gong, please come and help me as soon as the Supreme Lord Laojun is in a hurry!"

Talisman Master Wang Tenglong pinched the timing, with a crimson talisman between his fingers, he quickly recited the formula and threw it into the air.

rumbling~

A dull thunder rolled across the sky, and then the thick dark clouds were torn apart by the thunder.

Sooner or later, a navy-blue divine thunder was drawn by the crimson talisman and turned into a flying sword with an unbelievably fast speed, piercing the Brahma Chak in an instant.

"Wow~" Porobacha couldn't help but let out a shrill scream, and was actually pinned to the ground by the god Lei Feijian, smoking and convulsing all over his body.

We all know that thunder is the most violent heavenly power in nature. In fact, thunder also has levels, which are blue, purple, white, black and five colors. The first level is stronger than the first level. According to legend, the strongest black sky thunder has the ability to destroy heaven and earth .

Although the divine thunder summoned by Wang Tenglong was only a second-level green thunder, its power was still astonishing.

Jin Buer and Wang Tenglong's moves are the best skills at the bottom of the box, and they are too exhausted for a while to continue.

Seeing that the weak advantage created by the two risking their lives was about to disappear, fortunately someone took over the heavy responsibility in time and continued to give Borobacha a heavy blow.

"I am ordered by the Patriarch Sanmao to command the five plague soldiers and horses to help me subdue the demons and eliminate the demons, and the souls will be opened!"

Before the words were finished, the scene was filled with mist, ghosts were crying and gods were howling, and five terrifying giant ghosts dragging thick black smoke jumped out of the void, roaring and killing the madly struggling Brahmacha.

Soldiers and horses are the unique guardian ghost generals of Taoism.

The five plague soldiers and horses refer to the ghosts of cold plague, plague ghosts, plague throat ghosts, plague ghosts, and plague malaria ghosts. They generally refer to all undead who die of diseases in the world. The first echelon is the most aggressive and brave.

This is the secret weapon of Zhao Gan, a collateral disciple of the Sanmao Sect. He is holding a small banner with a serious face, and the mana in his body pours into the small banner like a river breaking its embankment.

Where there is gain, there is loss. Although the five plague soldiers and horses are superior in strength, they are unruly and difficult to train, and it takes a huge amount of mana to drive them out of the altar to do business.

Therefore, among the orthodox Sanmao Sect members, unless they reached the level of real people, no one would dare to use the five plague soldiers and horses lightly.

Zhao Gan used the cultivation base of monks to forcibly drive the soldiers and horses of the five epidemics, no doubt he was taking chestnuts from the fire.

The plague ghost covered in rotten sores and pus and blood was the first to bear the brunt, covered with the plague virus that made the world frightened, and punched the Brahmanja hard on the ground.

Brahma glared at him, and was accidentally nailed to the ground. At this time, he was the most annoyed. How could the little plague ghost be arrogant in front of him?

Without even thinking about it, Brabha raised his head and let out a loud roar that was as real as it was.

Immediately afterwards, a huge ghost figure that was several times larger than the Brahmacha and looked exactly like it emerged, kicking the Plague Ghost awe-inspiringly.

"This, this is the karma body?" Xu Zheng, who was feeding the wounded Qin Wuji who was defeated, said in a startled voice that he had broken the secret.

Karma can also be called cause and effect, as long as it exists in the three realms and six realms, it will be connected with karma, and the karma of starving ghosts is the extreme pain that can never be reborn.

The body outside the body is the second body evolved by the legendary immortal with supreme power, and it is an extremely mysterious supernatural power.

Brahmacha was able to be born outside the body with karma Yayoi, obviously there is a big secret in him.

The Plague Ghost is about ten feet tall, which is already a huge monster for ordinary people, but compared to Karma's body, it still looks petite and exquisite.

After fist and kick, the plague ghost howled and was kicked out of his wits.

The remaining plague virus is also trying to corrupt the body of karma.

But I didn't want strong karma to suddenly appear from the karma body, and the plague virus was neutralized and eliminated in an instant before it even had time to resist.

In the face of extremely bitter karma, what is a mere plague virus?

"Woo~"

Zhao Gan, who remotely controlled the Five Plague Ghosts, couldn't help whimpering in pain, with bright red blood dripping from the corners of his lips.

The soldiers and horses are connected with the mind of the host, and once they are defeated, they will suffer heavy blows.

Zhao Qian was seriously injured and still fighting to the death, it can be said that he was not desperate.

The defeat of the Plague Ghost made the other four Plague Ghosts feel cold. They were war-thirsty and never feared anything, and they all attacked the karma body without their lives.

With karma outside the body, one against four, the two sides fought inextricably for a while.

Brahma took the opportunity to step up and break free from the shackles of Shenlei Feijian.

Seeing this, Qin Wuji, who kept vomiting blood, ignored his rest, pushed Xu Zheng away and flew away, Chisha flew out of his sleeve robe, flying around like a fish.

"Brother wait for me!"

Xu Zheng was worried, and followed eagerly.

Jin Buer and Wang Tenglong also reluctantly attacked.

It was hard to nail the Brahma fork, how could it be easily released?

Qin Wuji's complexion was like gold leaf, but his fighting spirit was extremely high.

It's been a long time since he experienced the thrill of life and death.

Born in the Lingxiao Pavilion, a sword cultivating resort that warlocks all over the world dream of, Qin Wuji's first half of his life was undoubtedly successful.

Later, by chance, he became the head of the guards of Concubine Zhou Luo's family, but the long-term luxury made him depressed.

It has been more than ten years since I was trapped in the half-step real world, and I still can't make any progress.

Qin Wuji was also annoyed at the sight of the rapid progress of the brothers who started at the same time, but once a person falls, it is difficult to get up again.

Finally, at the juncture of life and death, he awakened in time.

Chisha, the Pocket Flying Sword, felt the long-lost enthusiasm of the owner, and couldn't help buzzing happily, as if celebrating the return of the former owner.

"Hahaha, Chisha, I have wronged you all these years, let us kill you today!"

Qin Wuji laughed wildly with pride, his eyes became sharper and more determined.

"Inside and outside the Three Realms, only the sword is the most respected, the red sand frightens the crowd, all evils are warded off, slash!"

choke~

A clear and loud sword cry resounded through the world.

The Chisha sword light soared, and instantly turned into a horse chain of several tens of feet, which suddenly slashed towards the Brahmacha with unstoppable power.

Brahma's eyes were tearing apart, and he was provoked again and again, which made it unbearable.

"A group of bedbugs deserves to be arrogant in front of me?"

"Give me death!"

The word of death exploded like a huge peak in the sky, and an invisible force swept all directions at a high speed, forming a field of about twenty feet in an instant.

"What? This ghost has hidden supernatural powers?" Xu Zheng said in shock.

The three of Qin Wuji charged too hard and accidentally fell into the field. They felt as if a boulder was crushing the top, and their bones groaned unbearably.

The expressions of the three men were grim and distorted, and they were desperately carrying the weight forward, intending to fight Brabocha to the death.

"Get out of the way!"

Xu Zheng, who was outside the domain, saw that his brothers were desperately fighting, and couldn't help but jump up. With a wave of his palm, a purple red talisman suddenly appeared, and he roared angrily.

Qin Wuji and the others instinctively knew that Xu Zheng, who was the best at protecting himself wisely, was going to do his best, so they subconsciously avoided it.

The talisman master Wang Teng roared in panic, "Brother Zheng, don't~"

Between lightning and flint!

I saw a dazzling purple light suddenly flashing across the sky, and then there was a deafening roar.

Rumble~

Rolling thunder came from the east like purple air, descending on the world with an unstoppable force.

"Ahhh~" Wang Tenglong let out a long and desperate cry.

He and Xu Zheng have known each other since they were young. They were both children of poor families. Later, by chance, they picked up a fragment of the strange book "Tianlun Jing·Fulu Pian" and three high-level thunder charms in a valley by chance. On the road of practice.

They have supported each other for many years and shared life and death together. How could he not know the meaning behind Xu Zheng's actions?

Legend has it that a real person has to go through the baptism of Zilei's small heavenly tribulation to become a celestial being. Xu Zheng summoned Zilei with his weak way, so why not pay the price?

There is only one end for overreaching!

die!


The Tyrant Zilei, which was as thick as a mountain, hit the immobile Brahmacha with great precision.

Boom~

In an instant, the earth shook and the mountains shook, and an exaggerated mushroom rose up in place.

Zi Lei descended into the world, sweeping away all evil spirits from the heavens.

The terrible realm that bound everyone was also broken.

Qin Wuji and Jin Buer fell to the ground slumped as if they were relieved.

Wang Tenglong stared at the smoking, scorched Xu Zheng falling from mid-air, trying to catch it with great pain.

Bang Dang~

Injured and tired, Wang Tenglong couldn't keep up with the speed of his fall. He watched Xu Zheng fall heavily to the ground, and his body was instantly smashed to pieces, turning into a pile of carbon slag.

"No~" Tears welled up, Xu Zheng wailed, trying to piece together Xu Zheng's shattered bones.

Qin Wuji and Jin Buer couldn't help being silent, feeling sad from their hearts.

Brothers who had been friends for more than ten years died in front of him, how could he not be heartbroken?

Sudden!

An afterimage flitted through the dust.

Puff~

The tearful Wang Tenglong lowered his head to look at his chest in astonishment, and found a huge transparent blood hole inexplicably appearing on his chest.

Before he could confess his last words, he tilted his head and fell down.

Xu Zheng died without warning, so fast that Qin Wuji and Jin Buer couldn't react at all.

"Bugs, you are going to die very, very badly~"

The terrifying sound of Brahpracha's resentment came from the dust, the situation changed, and everything trembled.


		