

The sun was falling to the west, leaving only the last orange afterglow.

Among the primeval mountains and forests that covered the sky and the sun, Zhou Luofei, whose pink face was still stained with wet tears, tightly clutched the corner of Yuan Yutang's clothes, and followed closely.

Yuan Yutang's face was very ugly with his back to Concubine Zhou Luo.

Seeing that it was going to be night soon, he became more and more uneasy.

The more inaccessible the primitive area, the easier it is for spirits to haunt it.

For example, the ancestral land of the wolf clan, the Heishan Mountains at the western foot of the Tianshan Mountains in Saibei is the best example. It is said that there are 100,000 mountain gods in it.

Perhaps those who don't know will think that one hundred thousand mountain gods is an exaggeration, but the truth is just the opposite. The mountain wild gods in the Montenegro Mountains are definitely more than one hundred thousand, not much more.

And I don't know how long this barren Fulong Mountain has existed, and God knows how many monsters and ghosts are hiding in it.

And there is one thing Yuan Yutang is sure of.

It was because he was careless, he was already being targeted by something!

Originally he was still hesitating whether to go back to Gouwa and his father to ask the way through media methods, but later he found out that Zhou Luofei, who was following behind, had to return even more, and he couldn't continue the adventure with a helpless girl .

But the problem was when he returned the same way.

The reason why warlocks are called warlocks is because their physique, spirit and soul have surpassed ordinary people, and it is impossible for them to get lost.

Yuan Yutang obviously remembered that when he came here, there was a mountain road leading directly to the foot of the mountain, but when he was walking back, there was a three-way intersection in front of him.

Since it's not lost, there must be something at work.

It's not easy to be able to make trouble under the eyes of Yuan Yutang, who has the characteristic of 'not confused'.

Yuan Yutang remained calm on the surface, but secretly heightened his vigilance, and walked with great fanfare at a random intersection.

He didn't believe that thing could endure it!

As a result, he walked straight to the sky and it was getting dark, and the thing in the dark hadn't appeared yet.

That's pretty stiff.

I wasted half a day's expression in vain!

"Hey, how long will it take to go down the mountain~"

The pampered Concubine Zhou Luo couldn't bear the hardship of crossing mountains and mountains, she was exhausted long ago, if she hadn't been taught a lesson by Yuan Yutang before, she would have lost her temper long ago.

At this time Yuan Yutang suddenly raised his head.

tick!

A drop of cold water fell from the sky, hit his face and shattered into countless petals.

clatter~

rumbling~

Immediately afterwards, there was a loud thunder, and heavy rain poured down.

Concubine Zhou Luo was immediately drenched, holding her head and screaming.

Yuan Yutang stood motionless, his expression very ugly.

Ever since he acquired the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain', he has inexplicably been particularly sensitive to changes in the weather. He can basically predict when it will rain, how much it will rain, and how long it will last.

But the rain came without warning.

This shows that the thing in the dark still has the ability to at least partially affect the weather.

If this guess is true, then I am afraid that the problem will be big.

"Hey, talking to you!"

Seeing Yuan Yutang standing there in the rain as if he had lost his soul, Concubine Zhou Luo couldn't help but push him coquettishly.

Yuan Yutang came back to his senses, looking at Concubine Zhou Luo who was shivering in the rainstorm, he had no choice but to find a place to shelter from the rain.

The two were lucky, there was a deserted village not far away.

But when something goes wrong, there must be a demon.

First there was an extra three-way intersection, then there was a heavy rain, and now there is a deserted village to shelter from the rain, everything was too coincidental.

To say that there is no connection, Yuan Yutang dares to wash his hair upside down!

It's just that the ghost thing has been hidden, and Yuan Yutang has nothing to do with it, only walking.

It is not surprising that the deserted village is empty of people, only some dilapidated houses that have not yet collapsed.

The two found a dilapidated compound nearby and ran in to shelter from the rain.

The yard was covered with cobwebs and overgrown with weeds, the window and door frames fell off and crooked, two of the three walls collapsed, and even the roof had many holes, but it was barely enough to keep out the wind and rain.

The dust on the ground was as deep as a finger, and the two of Shui Jinjin left a black trace mixed with mud and water after they walked past, as if the shadow had been infinitely elongated.

Yuan Yutang wiped the water on his face and breathed a sigh of relief.

Concubine Zhou Luo's small face was pale, her black hair was tightly stuck to her forehead when she met the water, her clothes were soaked from inside to outside, she clung to her exquisite and protruding body, staring at Yuan Yutang eagerly, It looks very pitiful.

With a wry smile, Yuan Yutang said helplessly, "Okay, okay, I'll go get some dry firewood and come back to start a fire."

Sensing that Yuan Yutang had finally awakened, Concubine Zhou Luo couldn't help showing a gratified aunt's smile.

It's just that Yuan Yutang's words before leaving the door successfully broke her defense again.

"Desolate mountains and wild mountains, no ancient villages, there may be ghosts and ghosts haunting, before I come back, don't run around, and don't talk to any strangers, or you will bear the consequences!"

People tend to think wildly when they are alone, coupled with the gloomy environment and Yuan Yutang's intimidation before leaving, Concubine Zhou Luo quickly fell into the terrifying whirlpool of self-imagination.

The rain is splashing on the ground, is there a monster's footsteps hidden in it?

In the shadow that cannot be visited, is there a monster lurking who chooses people and devours them?

In an invisible corner, is there a fierce and resentful gaze staring at him?

Knowing that it was most likely that she was scaring herself, but her mind seemed to be out of control, Zhou Luofei was terrified.

Not caring about the dirt on the ground, Zhou Luofei curled up and hid in the corner of the wall, shivering, covering her mouth with her small hands, for fear of accidentally crying and being discovered by monsters.

"Ba ha ha ha ~"

All of this is seen by the 'Brother Flat Head' on the roof beam.

How could Yuan Yutang leave Concubine Zhou Luo alone in the room without worry, and deliberately left 'Brother Pingtou' to protect her.

It's a pity that Concubine Zhou Luo was distracted when she was alone, and didn't notice the 'Pingtou brother' who was happily eating fruit on the roof beam.

Unknowingly, the sleepy and cold Zhou Luofei fell asleep.

In a daze, Zhou Luofei realized that she appeared in a compound inexplicably. The surrounding environment was somewhat familiar, very similar to the dilapidated compound where she settled down tonight. The outside was surrounded by thick blue smoke, and she couldn't see anything clearly. .

Zhou Luofei's thinking was a little muddled, and her reaction time was much slower than usual. When she suddenly heard someone talking in the courtyard, she couldn't help but walk in.

"Yeah, eh~"

The hall was empty, but the sound of baby babbling and laughing could be heard from the side room, and Zhou Luofei walked over in a daze.

Standing outside the door, Zhou Luofei saw a beautiful woman with a gloomy brow carrying an iron bucket with a brazier underneath, and then went to pick up the baby on the bed.

The baby was wearing a small money jacket, a little tiger hat, and kept waving two small lotus root arms, babbling and laughing. He was so fat and cute.

The beautiful woman lovingly kissed the baby's plump little face, her worries disappeared, and she smiled softly, "Be careful, mother is back, do you miss mother?"

The baby giggled in response.

After teasing for a while, the beautiful woman carefully took off the child's clothes and put him in a warm iron bucket.

The baby was naturally excited, and when it entered the water, it excitedly slapped the surface of the water, and the water splashed on the beautiful woman's face immediately.

"Oh, why is the water so cold? Don't freeze your heart, mother will add some charcoal fire for you, so that you can take a comfortable hot bath~"

The beautiful woman smiled and wiped off the spray on her face, and immediately got up to add charcoal fire to the brazier.

The water temperature is gradually rising, and the baby is so comfortable in the warm water that he smiles.

The beautiful woman squatted next to the bucket, looking at her lovely son softly, as if all her troubles would disappear automatically as long as she saw her son's smiling face.

It's just that the warmth in the room couldn't last long, and soon there was a burst of harsh curses from the yard:

"Damn slut, the fallen leaves in the yard are about to bury my mother, it seems that it still needs to be cleaned up!"

The beautiful woman trembled suddenly when she heard the words, with deep fear in her eyes, she kissed her son and hurried out.

"Little boy, you have to be obedient, and mother will come back as soon as she goes, or your grandma will scold mother again~"

Seeing this, Zhou Luofei suddenly realized something was wrong.

The beautiful woman actually left her son, who couldn't even stand up, alone in an iron bucket with a brazier underneath?

This, this is going to be a big deal!

Anxious Zhou Luofei wanted to rush into the room and take the baby out.

But the door seemed to have an invisible barrier, which insisted that she couldn't get in, so she could only worry secretly at the door.

Time passed by little by little, and the beautiful woman hadn't returned yet, but the iron bucket filled with water kept heating up in the room, and the dense mist soon filled the whole room.

"Wow, wow~"

Suddenly, the baby who was enjoying the hot water bath suddenly cried loudly, and his small body desperately tried to escape from the iron bucket.

Unfortunately, things backfired, and his strength was simply not enough to climb out.

"Come on, something is going to happen~"

Concubine Zhou Luo was so anxious that tears almost flowed out, but she couldn't get in, so she could only helplessly shout.

As a result, there was no response after shouting for a long time, as if everyone in the mansion had disappeared.

The baby's cries became louder and louder, but in the silent room there was only his echo.

The water temperature is getting higher and higher, which is the temperature of death.

gurgling, gurgling~

Zhou Luofei was shocked to find that the water in the iron bucket started to boil.

The baby struggled frantically in the bucket, crying, but to no avail.

Soon the room became calm again.

Concubine Zhou Luo fell to the ground in a daze, and vaguely smelled a strong and tangy smell of meat coming from the room.

"Woo woo woo..."

After an unknown amount of time, Concubine Zhou Luo woke up with a burst of heartbroken crying.

In a daze, she saw a little boy squatting on the ground crying, his little body twitched, as if he was heartbroken.

Having just witnessed a tragedy in the world, Zhou Luofei, who was overflowing with sympathy, instinctively stepped forward and asked softly, "Little brother, why are you crying here? If you have any sad things, you can tell my sister, maybe she can help you Woolen cloth?"

Hearing this, the little boy stopped crying, and asked hesitantly, "Sister, are you really willing to help me?"

Zhou Luofei nodded, and replied affirmatively, "Well, only my sister can do it, so can I tell my sister what's going on?"

The little boy slowly raised his head, but Zhou Luofei was startled severely.

It turned out to be a bloody and terrifying grimace!

"Sister, I'm hot and hurt, come and replace me~"

"No, don't~" Zhou Luofei moved back frantically in horror.

"Quack~ Didn't you promise to help me? Are you going back on your word now? Sure enough, adults are all liars, just like my mother said she would be back soon!"

The little boy who turned into a ghost let out a howl of resentment, and rushed towards Zhou Luofei who had nowhere to escape.

At the critical moment, a piercing thunder light and whistling sword light appeared almost at the same time.


		