

"Hahaha~"

Surrounded by hungry ghosts, Yuan Yutang laughed wildly. He took out a simple book that only he could read, and automatically opened the latest page, only to see new images and golden seals suddenly appear on the blank paper:

[At the end of the summer in the seventeenth year of Taikang in the Great Xia Dynasty, one hundred and thirty-five living corpses were exterminated, plus fifteen merits and virtues...]

[Currently, the merit is one hundred, and it can open a Tiangang supernatural power...]

Suddenly, time stopped, the Three Realms froze, a crack opened in the dark sky, and a vast starlight from the nine heavens shot down quickly, covering Yuan Yutang directly.

Bathed in the starlight full of supreme power, the dense and vicious abscesses on Yuan Yutang's body quickly faded away, and countless knowledges were automatically enlightened in the dark.

Soon Yuan Yutang realized something.

[The opening of Tiangang's magical power of Liujia Qimen has been completed! 】

Suddenly, the vast starlight came and went quickly, and then everything returned to normal.

Except for the person involved, Yuan Yutang, no one knew what happened just now.

Yuan Yutang was calm and relaxed, his eyes overflowing with divine light.

Finally, I finally accumulated enough merits to unlock a new supernatural power.

Suppressing the turbulent mood, Yuan Yutang ignored the mass of hungry ghosts attacking, slowly closed his eyes, and a description popped up in his mind:

Those with six armors, the art of shielding armor, can serve ghosts and gods, pray for evil spirits to drive away ghosts; those with strange gates, use wonders to imprint dao marks, and peek into the world's magic.

The combination of the two is the strange gate of Liujia!

That's right, Yuan Yutang's new Tiangang supernatural power is the Liujia Qimen!

Huo Ran opened his eyes, Yuan Yutang's aura suddenly changed, behind him appeared a magnificent light like a bright sun, suddenly blessed his soul, and then slowly opened his mouth like a god looking down on all living beings, "In my name, order the gods of thousands of miles of mountains and rivers to come and listen send!"

As soon as the words fell, dozens of powerful auras were seen rising from all directions, followed by the ground shaking, the mountains shaking, and the river flowing upstream.

"We will obey the will of God!"

This miraculous scene shocked the audience.

The hungry ghost, who was not afraid of anything, was directly suppressed by those dozens of powerful breaths, shivering on the ground like a rabbit, how could he still have half of the fierceness and mania just now?

The huge rusty chain that dragged the gold was about to be retracted for a closer look. Suddenly, a giant hand the size of a house suddenly broke through the ground, reached into the sky, and grabbed the giant chain suddenly.

Xuanji made a loud clicking sound, and the huge rusty chain was snapped abruptly.

Both Jin Bu who escaped from the dead were dumbfounded.

Even a novel would not dare to describe the scene in front of him like this, it actually appeared in front of his eyes, if he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't believe it if he was killed.

rumbling~

The ground trembled wildly, not far away a mountain collapsed, and then a 50-foot giant covered in rocks came out of the ground, and came to Yuan Yutang with terrifying steps.

Those huge eyeholes exuded a breathtaking light, and the coercion was overwhelming, overwhelming all the creatures in Fulong Mountain.

"You are him?"

Suddenly, the rock giant's huge mouth opened and closed, making a thunderous whistling sound. The scene seemed to be in the center of a thunderstorm cloud, which shocked everyone's eardrums with pain.

Not only that, it also said something inexplicable to Yuan Yutang.

Before Yuan Yutang could answer, it shook its head and denied it self-consciously, "No, although you have his aura on you, it's not him... well, for the sake of..., tell me your request!"

Yuan Yutang was calm on the outside, but panicked inside.

He had no idea that there would be such a big commotion.

If he guessed correctly, the rock giant should be the god of Fulong Mountain, that is, the wild god who has not received imperial edicts.

Alone in a fairyland, a wild god with profound magic power! !

As mentioned earlier, although gods have inherent advantages over mortals, it is as difficult as reaching the sky if they want to practice diligently. The advancement of each realm is ten thousand times more difficult than mortals' cultivation of immortality, and it is also accompanied by countless unstable factors. A dead end.

Unless one takes the risk of accepting the imperial conferment of the emperor whose destiny is in one's body, to live the same life as the country, and to be enshrined by the incense of all the people, then there is a chance of detachment.

And the mountain god of Fulong Mountain clearly relied on his own hard work, and forcibly broke through to the realm of human immortality. God knows how many hardships and obstacles it has experienced, and how long it has endured for a long time.

Such a powerful character would actually obey him?

Did you make a mistake! !

This unreasonable reversal of the relationship directly made Yuan Yutang unable to deal with it.

Not only that, the words that summoned the gods of thousands of miles with Tianxian in his mouth just now did not come from his original intention. For a moment, he lost control of his body as if being possessed by a ghost, and said those words inexplicably.

Otherwise, no matter how arrogant he is, he will not be so arrogant that he thinks he can mobilize gods from thousands of miles away.

With the appearance of the Fulong Mountain God, the dozens of terrifying auras that were not weaker than the Fulong Mountain God responded from near to far, and soon all appeared on the stage.

There are giant banyan trees that float, there are giant tortoises that swim in the void, and there are even giant dragons that are hundreds of feet long and come with a river, and so on.

A total of seventeen terrifying wild gods from the fairyland came, and none of them was inferior to the main body of the great demon Shanze Dajun who was invincible at Tongshan Pass with his avatar.

The vastness of the scene is simply unimaginable.

All the wild gods said in unison:

"We obey the decree of heaven and come to your seat to listen to you!!"

The gods appear holy, and all living beings avoid them.

Since the appearance of many mysterious wild gods, except for Yuan Yutang and Brabocha, everyone fell into a coma for no reason.

Yuan Yutang swallowed his saliva with difficulty, and his back was instantly wet with cold sweat.

When things get out of hand, even good things can easily turn into horror.

It is undeniable that Yuan Yutang's guts have become fattened after many times of near-death and survival, but he still scored occasions.

Being stared straight at by the wild gods of Seventeen People's Wonderland, it would be considered audacious for him not to be scared and paralyzed on the spot, how could he dare to make a request?

But it doesn't seem to work if you don't speak.

What an unruly character the wild gods in the human fairyland are, who would not be annoyed if they came all the way to listen to the call, but let them wait?

So for the sake of his own life, Yuan Yutang endured his fear and exhausted all his courage, tremblingly pointing to the only brahmacha standing still in the audience, he said:

"Well, all great gods, please beat the hungry ghost Brahma back to the hungry ghost realm... Thank you for your hard work everyone..."

In the end, I didn't forget to politely add a word of thanks, which shows that Yuan Yutang's mentality is messed up now.

The wild gods immediately became silent when they heard the words, as if they couldn't believe their ears.

Among them, the mountain god of Fulong Mountain has the highest cultivation level, and it confirmed like thunder, "You... called us here just for this matter?"

Yuan Yutang wanted to shake his head and deny it, but the facts were right in front of his eyes, so he couldn't make up random reasons to cover it up, right?

He could only nod obediently and politely, indicating that this was the case.

All the wild gods were speechless.

It's like a street rogue who was bullied and called his friends to take revenge. After waiting for all the helpers to arrive, he found out that his brother was bitten by a shivering little wild dog.

It is true that hungry ghosts are very difficult to deal with, but that also depends on who they are.

Maybe a single human immortal is quite embarrassed by the hungry ghost, but now seventeen wild gods from the fairyland gather together, let alone a mere hungry ghost, even the legendary earth immortal who is a thin line away from the ascension and detachment may have a battle Power.

No wonder the wild gods are so speechless.

Fulong Mountain God sighed, clasped his fists as if accepting his fate, and said loudly, "Follow... the decree of God!"

The rest of the wild gods also echoed:

"Follow... God's decree!"

Then unanimously faced the trembling Brahmacha like a trapped beast.

Under the gaze of seventeen horrifying gazes, Borobacha suddenly shuddered, and screamed ferociously, "Don't bully the ghost too much, and drive me into a hurry, so don't think about it!"

Fulong Mountain God took a sympathetic glance at the stern and introverted Brabocha, and roared like thunder, "I blame you for not having eyes. It's not good to offend anyone, but to offend... Forget it, what can I say to the dead ghost, I'll send you off." Go back, we will continue to sleep!"

After all, a gigantic palm swept over suddenly, its momentum was like a hurricane passing through, as if it was about to sweep Brahma out of the sky with a palm.

Feeling the deadly threat, a stern look flashed in Brahmakh's eyes, and then he made a move that no one expected.

It suddenly tore open its big belly, took out all the viscera inside and wrapped it around its body, like forming a giant cocoon.

"Huh~"

The god of Fulong Mountain gasped in surprise as if he had discovered something.

The giant cocoon of flesh and blood wrapped around the Brahmacha swelled rapidly as if it were alive, and grew in the wind, and in the blink of an eye, it grew into a behemoth as tall as the Fulong Mountain God.

"Roar~"

A terrifying howl not like a human creature came from the giant cocoon, and then a huge bony palm broke out of the cocoon, and collided with the giant palm of Fulong Mountain God head-on.

Boom~

A frightening scene ensues.

Amidst the deafening crash, Fulong Mountain God was slapped flying, the rock layer on his body was covered with cracks, countless broken stones fell like rain, and the seven orifices overflowed with golden amber-like blood.

"Roar~"

After knocking Fulong Mountain God away with one palm, the unknown existence inside the giant cocoon was very public, and stretched out seven or eight ferocious giant claws, tearing the giant cocoon frantically, as if wanting to break through the limit and come to the world.

"Damn it, it's the ghost king's breath! That little hungry ghost is actually one of the thousands of clones of Master Mianran, it's a miscalculation!" The giant mountain tortoise said suddenly, his tone full of urgency!

Master Mian Ran, also known as Mian Ran Ghost King, is a terrifying existence recorded by both Buddhism and Taoism. He commands thousands of hungry ghosts and is powerful in the three realms and six realms.

"Hahaha, that's just right. I have been cultivating for ten thousand years, and I just use that famous face-burning master as a sharpening stone!" Baizhang Giant Jiao laughed proudly, the surrounding river was boiling, and his figure flickered. He greeted him like a rainbow.

The rules of heaven cannot be deceived, since the wild gods came here on purpose, it is impossible to stay abroad no matter what.

Even if the opponent is the famous and ancient ghost king Mian Ran, there must be no hesitation.

With the Baizhang Giant Jiao as an example, the other wild gods soon showed their magical powers and swarmed up.

A terrifying battle that only exists in myths and legends broke out!


		