

"...Since Guo Sheng's mother and son had an accident, there has been no peace in the village. People die almost every night. Without exception, the villagers who died in the tomb and took the treasure that day..."

"...The most horrifying thing is that the villagers died in strange ways. Some of them were killed alive, their stomachs were swollen like balls, and the yamen officials dug it open and found a large golden basin inside..."

"...some died of suffocation in the bed, with fine gold dust in the mouth and nose..."

"...died with anal fissure, the valley path was blocked by a palm-sized emerald..."

"...some died of vomiting, all the internal organs were vomited out, but the body was filled with precious jade..."

"...The most outrageous villager's bones were shattered for no reason, and his whole body was like a lump of rotten flesh. After digging up the corpse, he found that the bones of that person turned into fragile glass..."

The village official Guo Liang was full of panic and trembling when he told the story, as if he was terrified of the horrific murders that happened in the village in the past few days.

Yuan Yutang listened patiently, his face was calm and no waves could be seen.

On the other hand, Mian Hulu was as relished as if he was listening to a book. He grinned and twisted his buttocks restlessly, almost getting up and applauding in the hall.

It's no wonder that the boring gourd has a big heart. He is a fierce soldier who has been on the battlefield for a long time. What horror scene has he not seen?

He even survived the hell-like horror night at Tongshan Pass half a month ago, no matter how horrifying Muramasa described it, there was no shock in his heart.

Yuan Yutang glared at Mu Hulu, and he restrained himself a bit.

"...Everyone in the village is in danger now, and the fear is deeply rooted in everyone's bones. We tried to go to Tangzhou to ask the mage to help him, but when the mage heard the situation, their expressions changed drastically, saying that the matter was serious and powerless. Let us ask for help. blessing……"

"...Really, I beg you to be merciful, and I beg the 156 innocent people in Anmin Village~"

The old Guo An was crying, and he leaned up and wanted to bow down.

Yuan Yutang was quick-witted, and helped him up first, and said with a wry smile, "Don't panic, old man, although the poor are lowly cultivated, they won't refuse to save you. You can sit down with peace of mind."

"Really? Is the real person really willing to save our village?" Guo An held Yuan Yutang's hand tightly as if a drowning man had encountered the last straw, and asked hopefully.

Yuan Yutang nodded, and said in a concentrated voice, "From your words, I already know what kind of ghosts are causing trouble."

"My lord, what kind of monsters and ghosts are causing trouble?" Men Hulu said excitedly and inexplicably first.

Yuan Yutang gave him another look helplessly, and Mu Hulu scratched his head in embarrassment, not daring to speak nonsense anymore.

"...According to the records of the Pindao sect's secret book, there are ghosts in the world, called ghosts, which are specially transformed ghosts after death. They often cause ghosts when people desecrate their bones."

"This ghost is very vicious, and there are many ways to cause trouble. It cries outside the door all night, or makes people sick, or directly steals people's souls. It will only rest until death."

"There is also a case recorded in the Zongmen Secret Code:

A hundred years ago, in the family of Xianzun in Xinrong County, Tianshui Road, the women were terrified of getting sick in turn, so they asked the mage in the city to use yarrow to give him a fortune teller.

The mage said: "There are two men buried in the west end of the east room of your house. One holds a spear and the other holds a bow and arrow. Their heads are inside the wall, and their feet are outside the wall. The man with the spear stabs the head, and he stabs them. Those who are shot will suffer from severe headaches and are too heavy to lift; the man with a bow and arrow shoots only in the chest and abdomen, and those who are shot by him will have a heartache and panic, and cannot eat.

The two ghosts wandered around during the day and came to harm people at night, so the women were frightened. "

So the county magistrate asked people to dig in that room. When they dug to a depth of eight feet, they found two coffins. One coffin contained spears, and the other contained bows and arrows decorated with animal horns.

The arrows are very old, and the wood on the shaft is rotten. Only the iron on the arrow and the horn on the bow are still intact.

So the county magistrate had their bones moved and buried twenty miles away from the city.

Since then, the women no longer get sick. "

"The above is a typical case of ghosts and ghosts. It is basically the same as the situation in your village. The solution is not difficult. You only need to return the property, and then choose another place with good geomantic omens to rebury the bones of the ancient tomb. If you sincerely repent and admit your mistakes, you should be fine. Put an end to this calamity."

Yuan Yutang calmly concluded that this was the knowledge he had recently picked up from the sect master's secret book.

According to the description in the head's secret book, the reason why Anmin Village suffered such a catastrophe can be regarded as its own fault.

It was the greed of the villagers who disturbed the rest of the ghosts in the ancient tombs, which led to disasters. Strictly speaking, it was their doomed catastrophe.

Besides, his current body does not allow him to fight with ghosts anymore.

Just follow the simple method in the master's secret book, and you can properly solve the future troubles, which is not bad.

By the way, as a digression, after the battle of Tongshan Pass, especially after killing the clone of the great demon Shanze Dajun, Yuan Yutang has accumulated sixty-five merits so far, and the clone of Shanze Dajun alone has contributed five Ten merits.

As long as he continues to do justice for the sky, he will soon be able to unlock new magical powers.


Guo An, who was still full of joy when he heard the solution given by Yuan Yutang, suddenly felt ashamed and sat down in the carriage, and murmured in a daze, "It's over, it's over, everyone is hopeless, Anmin Village is hopeless." It's..."

Guo An's reaction displeased the blunt Gourd, and immediately scolded, "You old man, you are so rude! I saw you are pitiful, so I led you to ask the young master for help, and now the young master has given a solution Way, not only are you not grateful, but you are so ignorant of flattery, do you despise my son?"

Guo An was in a state of unspeakable suffering, he kept silent, and immediately felt sad from his heart, and fell to the ground and cried loudly.

Yuan Yutang was thoughtful, and he saw the problem from Guo An's reaction. He pulled the angry gourd to signal him to shut up, and then stepped forward to help Guo An who was crying, and said softly, "Old man, don't panic, but the old man Is the remains of the ghost damaged?"

"Aww..." Guo An broke down in tears and nodded. The villagers, the villagers..."

Guo An was speechless, as if remembering something ashamed, and could not utter the next words.

Yuan Yutang suddenly understood, and took the words indifferently, "But because the ghost killed the relatives and friends of the villagers, so the villagers, who were afraid and hated, smashed the remains of the ghost?"

Guo An's old face was flushed with embarrassment, and he wanted to deny it instinctively, but under Yuan Yutang's cold gaze, he nodded and admitted in pain.

"Oh, no wonder the mages in the city don't want to swim in the muddy water. It turns out that you have exhausted all your options." Yuan Yutang's tone turned cold, suddenly he didn't want to care about it anymore.

Poor people must have something to hate, and the obsession of the ghosts is above the remains. Originally, the villagers had suffered losses by stealing the funeral treasures, but now they are throwing the remains of the ghosts into ashes.

Now it's all right, it's no wonder that the ghost doesn't go crazy, it's a situation of endless death.

He didn't want to ask for trouble anymore, but couldn't hold back the old Guo An's begging, Yuan Yutang hesitated again and again, and agreed to give it a try.

After the contented Guo An left, Mian Hulu licked his face and leaned over, smiling blushingly, "Master, did I cause you trouble?"

Yuan Yutang rolled his eyes angrily when he heard the words, and cursed with a smile, "You know it's trouble, but you still take it from me, don't you see that I'm too leisurely?"

The boring gourd smiled foolishly, suddenly sighed inexplicably, and said in a low voice, "I know that the villagers are at fault first, but the life of the people is really too hard now, not only are there natural disasters and military disasters, but they are also being punished." Evil spirits harm each other, but as a soldier, he can't protect the people, it's really shameful.

I just can't see the suffering in all directions, so my heart softens for a while. "

After a pause, Men Hulu looked at Yuan Yutang pitifully, and tentatively said, "If you are angry, you might as well beat me up, but if you beat me, I ask you to save Anmin for the sake of God's good life." The people of the village."

Yuan Yutang laughed angrily, "Okay, you big-eyed, thick-eyed gourd, you've got your heart set on me. Have I ever said that I'd rather die than save you?"

After hearing this, Mian Hulu was overjoyed, and hurriedly got up and cupped his fists in worship, "My lord, righteousness~"

Yuan Yutang smiled helplessly, "Okay, don't put a high hat on me. If you say you won't do nothing, I will definitely not sit idly by."

"Go to the guards and choose the twelve youngest and strongest men to collect willow branches nearby, bundle them into bundles, and then go to the villagers' homes to ask for some red cloth and red beans. The red cloth is used to bind willow branches, and finally find a three-year-old The above-mentioned big roosters are killed, and the blood is taken, and the red beans are soaked in the chicken blood for later use."

Duan Hulu asked curiously, "My lord, what's the use of these arrangements? A mere ghost, wouldn't it be wiped out as soon as you make a move?"

Yuan Yutang was amused by the upright bored gourd, pointed at his pale face and scolded, "You idiot, do you think I can make a move in my current state?"

"There has long been a legend among the folks that 'willow branches fight ghosts, hit them one inch shorter', and willows are inherently yin, and have a natural harm to ghosts. You are required to collect willow branches and bundle them in order to have a weapon against ghosts. .”

"Red is the color of festive occasions. It is a great yang, and the willow branches are bound with red cloth to reconcile the yin and yang and further strengthen the damage to ghosts."

"Red beans are also a thing of great yang, and the same is true for big roosters over three years old. There is a saying that 'the ghost hears the crowing of a rooster, and it goes three feet into the ground'. Soaking red beans with the blood of a big rooster adds yang to the yang and soaks in blood. Red beans are close enough to protect you from the invasion of ghosts and yin energy."

"Furthermore, the guards are all soldiers and warriors. Killing the enemy is useless. They have their own evil spirits to protect the body, and they can ward off ghosts and evil."

"My physical condition really doesn't allow me to use mana without authorization, so I can only rely on you, and I have prepared these triple insurances, no matter how fierce or vicious the evil spirits are, they should be able to suppress them."

After listening to Yuan Yutang's explanation, Men Hulu was immediately inexplicably excited.

These Qiu Babing ruffians usually slash people and slash a lot, and if they slash ghosts, it’s just that time on the night of terror. He ran to carry out Yuan Yutang's order.


		