

The cave is not big, it is a part of a rock layer buried by yellow sand exposed to the ground, about fifty square meters, which is not uncommon in the desert.

However, the strange thing is that there are more than one hundred hideous mummy piled up in the cave, which is not uncommon.

Yuan Yutang tremblingly looked at the cave full of corpses, and the chill went straight from the soles of his feet to Tianlinggai.

The desert, the cold wind, the cave, and the mummy, the combination of the four elements, is a proper haunted scene!

Huh~

The icy cold wind blew on his body like a knife, even through the clothes, it still ached. In addition to taking away the yellow sand from the sky, it also took away the temperature of his body surface.

Those mummies shouldn't immediately turn into demons, but the cold wind outside is truly terrifying.

Can't delay any longer, die or die!

Yuan Yutang suddenly made up his mind and walked into the cave with heavy steps.

The thick rock walls effectively blocked the invasion of the cold wind. Yuan Yutang breathed a sigh of relief, suppressed his palpitations and began to look at the mummy in the cave.

More than a hundred mummified corpses were randomly stacked together, as if they were deliberately discarded here. The clothes on their bodies have been weathered for a long time and are as thin as paper, and the original style and color can no longer be seen. It makes people tremble at first sight.

The most frightening thing is that the expressions on their faces are lifelike, without exception, the facial features are ferociously distorted, as if the fear before death is branded on their faces, it is hard to imagine what kind of horror they encountered before they died.

There is nothing else.

Yuan Yutang tried his best to stay away from the mummy, found a corner near the entrance of the cave and sat with his back against the rock wall, his eyes fixed on those weird mummy, and made up his mind to escape if he found something abnormal.

The deadly cold wind was raging outside the cave, and the cave was full of mummified corpses. At this moment, he was like walking on a steel wire at a height of ten feet, and if he made a mistake, he would be doomed.

He planned to sit down and take a nap, but unexpectedly, just after he relaxed, endless exhaustion hit him like a torrent of mountains and seas, crazily impacting every nerve of him.

Thinking about it, it is true that after being exposed to the sun for a long time, and then being blown by the cold wind, this kind of alternation of cold and heat is the best for studying physical fitness.

Yuan Yutang hasn't had a fever yet and is already considered to be in excellent physical condition.

When manpower is exhausted, no matter how strong the will is, it will be difficult to stop the physical limit after all.

After holding on for a while, Yuan Yutang was still overwhelmed by boundless sleepiness.

In a daze, he seemed to be in a bustling foreign country

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

City.

These buildings are very different from the style of Daxia, with niche columns, round arches and bright colors.

The people have high noses and deep eyes, and they live and work in peace and contentment.

Everywhere is full of exotic customs, like a pearl in the desert.

Suddenly one day, a blind old woman who is said to have come from the far east appeared in the city.

The kind and simple people warmly entertain the guests from afar, but they don't know that this is the beginning of a nightmare.

Since then, children in the city have disappeared for no reason.

Families who have lost their children are devastated, while families with children still live in panic all day long, fearing that their own children will also be lost suddenly. The guards patrol the city day and night to guard the city.

Unbeknownst to everyone, a remote and dirty corner of the city is full of mutilated corpses of children who have been eaten.

It was the shelter where the people used to house blind old women.

It wasn't until a few nights later that a soldier chasing a thief strayed into the shelter and accidentally discovered this purgatory on earth, and the truth came to light.

The angry people rushed out of the house, took up weapons and torches, and was about to crush the ungrateful old woman to avenge the dead child.

However, when they surrounded the shelter with rage, they found out in horror.

A group of guards who had surrounded the shelter were nowhere to be found, and there was only a large amount of unknown yellow sand that covered their feet.

Just when everyone was in doubt, the blind old woman who deserved to die came out of the shelter tremblingly, holding an unknown small clay pot in her hand.

The old woman turned a pair of gray and blind eyes with almost no pupils, and smiled sinisterly, inexplicably making the angry people feel terrified.

Immediately afterwards, the blind old woman suddenly withdrew her hand from the small clay pot and waved it casually.

The dozen or so strong men in the front were caught off guard by the flying unknown powder, and they were completely smashed into flying yellow sand under the eyes of everyone.

Such a terrifying and strange scene was like pouring a basin of cold water on their heads. It not only extinguished the anger of the people, but also took away their courage.

That blind old woman is a monster!

In an instant, the common people exploded and fled in panic.

The blind old woman laughed miserably, walking in the courtyard among the panic-stricken crowd, sprinkling a handful of powder from time to time, and the unlucky ones who were sprinkled by the powder

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Instantly turned into yellow sand.

The flowers of killing bloom in the Pearl City, and the seeds of fear take root in the desert.

At dawn, when the blind old woman walked out of the city gate tremblingly holding a small clay pot, there was no one alive in the whole city.

The blind old woman who slaughtered a city smiled eeriely, turned into flying yellow sand, and continued to look for the next prey.

Only the devastated dead city was left silently mourning in the wind and sand, as if complaining to the sky for its own grievances.


Yuan Yutang breathed out a foul breath, and slowly woke up from his sleep.

Looking at the mass of mummies that changed their posture at some point and knelt down in front of her, Wei Ran sighed, "I understand, thank you for your kindness to me, I understand all your grievances."

Speaking of sitting cross-legged, he said solemnly, "Today, I accept your grace of not killing, and I swear in the name of my ancestors that if I have the opportunity to meet that blind old woman in the future, I will do justice for the heavens and kill without mercy! "

As soon as the words fell, there seemed to be an indescribable invisible aura rippling in the cave, and a mournful and inexplicable cry came faintly from the void.

Immediately afterwards, the mummy kneeling on the ground densely turned into endless wind and sand, blowing away with the wind, as if they had gone through all kinds of vicissitudes.

It's all poor people...

Yuan Yutang stood up with compassion in his eyes, and while he was furious, he was also very worried.

Reminiscent of the ghost bride and weeping girl that he met in the sea before, he somehow realized something.

Perhaps that sinful blind old woman will be his biggest threat here.

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but shudder.

Blind and white-haired, she likes to eat young children, holds a pottery pot in her hand, and it turns into sand when she touches it. The blind old woman is very similar to the terrifying demon "Sashapo" that has been passed down from generation to generation in the Western Regions.

Given the fact that he has lost his mana and has no weapons, it is still unknown whether he can protect himself, let alone beheading the blind old woman Sashapo.


After calming down, he staggered out of the cave.

Although the mummies let him go, it didn't mean his crisis was over.

The most urgent task is to find a water source to replenish water as soon as possible, otherwise he may be in danger of dying of thirst.

Looking up at the scorching sun that had re-hanging the sky and emitting endless heat waves, he couldn't help cursing secretly, and then walked into the boundless desert cursing.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		