

The huge movement in the middle of the mountain attracted the attention of several people down the mountain, and their reactions were different.

'Unable to dig' is both pleasantly surprised and worried.

The surprise is because his master will soon be able to seize the opportunity, and the worry is that he doesn't know why Linglong, who is supposed to be a sure thing, will come out of the way.

Namurtai's face was cloudy and uncertain, and he couldn't see what he was thinking in his heart.

Yuan Yutang looked solemn.

No matter it was based on the grievance between the two or for the sake of his own life, he couldn't let Situ Hongyi successfully seize the opportunity.

The earth demon's reaction was much purer, he just felt annoyed because the two auras halfway up the mountain threatened him.

"Yuan Yutang, you won't just watch Situ Hongyi succeed in seizing the opportunity and settle accounts with us, will you?" the silent Namurtai said suddenly.

Yuan Yutang froze for a moment, and replied angrily, "I want to stop it, but the question is can I get away now?"

Naimertai smiled slyly, and said inscrutablely, "Maybe, if you want to disrupt the situation, maybe I can help you."

Yuan Yutang's eyes lit up when he heard the words, and hurriedly asked, "What can you do?"

"A solution?" Namurtai smiled, and suddenly rushed to the face of 'Dig Butong' whose attention was all on the mountainside, raised his fist and laughed wildly:

"This is the way!"

The Dasheng boy who was entangled with the stone demon not far away felt that his master was in danger, so he hurriedly abandoned the earth demon and flickered back to the defense, and helped the 'Dug Butong' block the thunderous sneak attack at the very moment.

'Unable to dig' came back to his senses after the Dasheng boy was slammed into the air. He couldn't help but break out in a cold sweat, and shouted fiercely while retreating, "Namurtai, are you crazy? Why? Plot against me?"

The Iron Triangle that firmly suppressed the earth demon was declared broken because of Namurtai's surprise attack, and the unrestrained earth demon suddenly erupted with astonishing demon energy like a stormy sea.

Yuan Yutang was shocked suddenly, he didn't care to ask why Naimertai went crazy suddenly, and he was fully on guard against the earth demon who would run away at any time as if he was facing a big enemy.

Naimertai's attack failed, and he immediately chased and attacked 'Dug Butong', and the situation was turbulent for a while.

The next moment something happened that shocked Yuan Yutang's eyes.

I saw the frenzied earth demon raised his head to the sky and howled loudly, leaving behind the three people who were fighting among themselves, and rushed up the mountain.

Seemingly aware of Yuan Yutang's bewilderment, he kicked the annoying Dasheng boy away, Naimertai turned his head and smiled confidently, "Since the fall into the devil's way, the soil lacking people have lost all reason, and their actions are driven by instinct. Be irrational When a tiger is threatened by a hyena and a lion at the same time, who do you think he will choose to kill first?"

Yuan Yutang suddenly realized, and laughed loudly, "So that's it, it's a good way to drive away tigers and wolves!"

"This old dog will be dealt with by labor and management. Your task is to never let those two people on the mountain win the chance!" Naimertai suddenly said solemnly.

Yuan Yutang was stunned, and asked with blurred eyes, "Aren't you afraid that I will destroy the bridge after crossing the river and deal with you afterwards?"

Naimertai beat the boy again, disregarding the gloomy old face of 'unable to dig', he laughed proudly, "Hahaha, why should labor and capital be afraid? Although you and I have different positions, and the grievances are hard to settle, But at least you are still a man!"

"It's better to fulfill you than the insidious and cunning Situ Hongyi, at least labor and management won't feel aggrieved!!"

"Stop gossiping, get out!"

As he spoke, another swift and fierce attack broke out, and the pressure was so painful that he couldn't dig through.

Yuan Yutang breathed a sigh of relief, and said in a deep voice, "I understand."

Pausing for a moment, looking at Naimertai who was going forward and completely exposed his back to him, he solemnly clasped his fists and said, "George

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Xiaguo is really the hero of the world, this love is hereby inherited! "

"Live on, I'm still waiting to fight you again!"

After all, he pulled away and flew, without dragging his feet.

After hearing this, Nam Ertai paused slightly, and said with a faint smile, "...the mountain is dangerous, you have to survive, labor and management are looking forward to the next confrontation to kill you with your own hands..."


The battle between the terracotta warriors on the mountain and Linglong has reached a fever pitch.

The god lifted the unknown restriction of the terracotta warriors, and their strength continued to increase like a river, and every blow had the power of wind and thunder.

The 'Linglong' who was taken away by Jukousou did not give in. No matter how fierce the attack of the terracotta warriors was, she remained motionless, and the way of fighting the enemy was even more unexpected.

eat!

That's right, it's unbelievable that she actually swallowed the thunderous and terrifying offensive forcefully.

"Howling~"

The terracotta warriors of the gods became stronger as they fought. Behind the thick mask, there was a terrifying roar that was not like human beings. They leaped high with swords in both hands, and the turbulent momentum permeated like a tsunami. They waved down the strongest sword so far.

choke!

A 200-foot-long cyan sword qi descended majestically, as if it was about to cut through the sky and the earth, and unstoppably slashed towards the 'Linglong' below.

"Good time, the old man is just hungry!"

Facing the huge sword energy like a rainbow hanging in the sky, 'Linglong' was happy and fearless, her bright red lips parted lightly, and a small vortex as deep as an abyss suddenly formed.

In the blink of an eye, Wutao's sword energy collided with the vortex.

In an instant, the situation changed, and a terrible air wave like a world-ending storm blew up on the scene, and the mountains within a half-mile radius were completely pulverized.

If such a terrifying battle happened in the outside world, it would only take a while to destroy the city.

However, at the next moment, an astonishing scene suddenly took place.

As soon as the powerful blue sword energy touched the vortex, it seemed as if a mud cow had entered the sea and was swallowed up.

When the dust settled, 'Linglong' hiccupped comfortably, and laughed hoarsely, "Not bad, not bad, I can barely make this old man full, keep up the good work!"

The terracotta warriors who have no mind are still unaware, but how can the arrogant Situ Hongyi bear this bad breath?

Immediately, he was furious and said, "Use the spirit of blood to summon your mind, and the three corpses borrow their bodies, and hurry like a law!!"

In an instant, three phantoms were stripped from Situ Hongyi's body, and they fell into the terracotta warriors like lightning.

Suddenly, the numb eyes of the terracotta warriors burst out with miraculous brilliance, and their movements were much more flexible and vivid than before.

'Linglong' smiled with great interest, "Yo, how dare you play with three corpses in front of this old man, aren't you afraid that your physical body will be destroyed and you will never be reborn?"

Responding to 'Linglong''s taunt was a fierce sword that swallowed mountains and rivers with anger.

"Only by you?"

The terracotta warriors of the gods actually made Situ Hongyi's voice strangely.

The principle of the three-corpse borrowing is similar to that of the ghost possessing, both of which are above the soul's possession of other things. The difference is that the ghost is possessed by the living person, and there will be more or less repulsion, while the three-corpse borrowing does not. This concern can be regarded as an advanced possession technique.

The only disadvantage is that the main body of the original owner cannot move during the borrowing period. In case of an emergency, the body may be destroyed.

Moreover, the borrowing of the three corpses requires a cultivation level higher than that of a real person to perform. Unexpectedly, Situ Hongyi is actually a hidden sorcerer of a real person.

Knowing the risks, he still used the three corpses to make up for the last shortcoming of the terracotta warriors, which shows Situ Hongyi's determination to kill.

'exquisite

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

’ With a disdainful smile, he flicked his slender hands lightly, and a ripple appeared in the air in an instant.

The ripples became wider and wider, spreading to nearly five feet long in the blink of an eye.

Huh~

Like a giant opening its mouth, ripples split from it, and a terrifying aura that seemed to come from ancient times permeated the air, and then a big bone hand stretched out slowly and quickly, blocking in front of 'Linglong' like a wall.

bang!

The extremely violent collision sound suddenly exploded, and the strong wind raged like a natural disaster.

The god general terracotta warriors retreated dozens of steps uncontrollably to dissipate the huge shock force.

The big bone hand that appeared inexplicably couldn't bear the heavy blow, and suddenly turned into fragments all over the sky.

Although the 'Linglong' who was protected by a big hand of white bones did not retreat in a panic like a terracotta warrior, she was still shocked by the huge collision sound, her jade face turned pale, and her eyes stared like gold stars.

Soon the terracotta warriors made a comeback, dragging a huge and heavy bronze sword like a galloping horse, leaving a huge sword mark on the ground.

When he was a hundred steps away, his feet suddenly shook, and his huge metal body jumped into the sky like a bird.

The dense rune patterns all over the body suddenly flourished, and the terracotta warriors burst into dazzling rays of light, killing the 'Linglong' on the ground like a star falling from the sky.

At this moment, 'Linglong' felt the pressure from the warrior warrior Wutao, and was no longer as calm as before.

"Hehe, Li Zi is in power, I don't know what to say!"

'Linglong' spoke contemptuously, but she didn't mean to underestimate her. For the first time, she formed a strange mark with her hands and recited an obscure mantra.

"Dragon of ten thousand bones, listen to my orders, come to the altar to kill the enemy, hurry like a law!"

After saying that, an illusory black shadow leaped out from Linglong's body, circling in mid-air with teeth and claws stretched out, and suddenly met the terracotta warriors who were attacking madly.

The black shadow gradually solidified halfway, and it turned into a hundred-foot-long bone dragon.

rumbling~

The terracotta warriors and the Baizhang Bone Dragon collided fiercely together, immediately like a meteorite bombardment, forming a ring-shaped air wave visible to the naked eye in the air, spreading in all directions unstoppably, followed by a thunderous crackling sound.

"Get out!"

The terracotta warriors of the gods are full of momentum, as majestic as a god descending from the earth, and the long-prepared bronze giant sword sweeps towards the bone dragon.

The Bone Dragon showed no sign of weakness, and opened its mouth madly to bite the attacking sword.

Tear~

The peerless magic soldier who cuts iron like mud cuts tofu with a hot knife, and slices open the bloody mouth of the bone dragon without any hesitation.

The gods took advantage of the victory to pursue the terracotta warriors, and the giant sword in his hand fluttered with butterflies, turning them into streamers of light.

The Bone Dragon let out a lifelike wail, and criss-cross bloodstains appeared on its huge body.

There was a sudden pause, the bloodstains burst, and the bone dragon shattered in the air.

After strangling the Bone Dragon, the terracotta warriors prepared to continue to kill Linglong.

At this time, she suddenly found that 'Linglong' had disappeared, and she couldn't help being startled.

"Are you looking for the old man?"

Suddenly, a sinister swishing sound rang in his ears, and the terracotta warriors were startled in vain.

Before he could react, Linglong, who appeared like a ghost, was entangled on his back like a beautiful snake.

"Come and try the peerless ultimate move that this old man is famous for..."

"Ten thousand bones and ten thousand phases, eat the world!"

Ka Ka Ka ~

Suddenly, there was a crackling sound like fried beans in the void with a radius of ten feet, followed by bloody mouths full of sharp teeth, like a group of sharks hunting, biting viciously on the body of the terracotta warrior.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		