

Yuan Yutang entered the three-story pavilion, as if he had entered a huge hallway with flashing lights.

The aisle seems to be endless, and the end is invisible at a glance, and the surrounding ripples are like waves, and all directions seem to be flashing luminous pictures.

Countless information is recorded in the picture like a stop-motion animation, and it is like a revolving door before death, intermittent and overwhelming.

Yuan Yutang instinctively knew that these pictures were very important, so he tried to look at them with wide eyes.

In the picture, a mansion is full of anxious people, there are servants, servants, noble ladies, rich men, and white-haired old women, waiting outside the house eagerly waiting...the house is full of exhausted midwives. A newborn baby... The baby was wrinkled, his skin was an unnatural pink, and unlike other newborns, his eyes were empty, as if he had no soul.

In the picture, the baby has grown into a child of four or five years old. However, he has never spoken when he grows up to such a large age. He behaves strangely and often likes to live alone. The parents are worried about this but have nothing to do.

In the picture, Zhitong has a high fever and his whole body is as hot as coals. It is the same frail and sick mother who hugged him all night and took good care of him, so that he did not let him die in that extremely cold winter. Since then, Zhitong's eyes have been empty There was a gleam in his eyes.

In the picture, the child has grown into a boy of seven or eight years old. He is proficient in all aspects of piano, chess, calligraphy and painting. , so that the respected Confucian scholars from all over the world rushed to accept him as a student, but he remained unmoved and insisted on self-taught.

In the picture, when the mother celebrates the birthday banquet, the boy personally made a gift that does not exist in this world——the birthday cake.

In the picture, the young man has reached the age of sixteen or seventeen. Not only has he read all kinds of books in the world, but he has also begun to study the art of cultivation. The monk level that ordinary people cannot enter in their entire lives, he achieves it in one day, and the family who taught him the skills The enshrining is shocking to heaven and man.

In the picture, a boy becomes a youth, and he is the champion of high school in the triennial autumn exam, and returns home wearing a red robe. However, surrounded by thousands of people, he looks extremely lonely.

In the picture, during the Mid-Autumn Festival when two people reunite alone, he sits alone on the eaves, looking at the bright moon in a trance, with a deep nostalgia in his eyes.

In the picture, on the way to work in other places, he ran into a group of cavalry besieged by bandits, and met a beautiful girl who ran away from home after taking action.

In the picture, during his term of office, the youth managed the jurisdiction in an orderly manner, the people lived and worked in peace and contentment, and the business flourished. Years of stubborn thinking.

In the picture, the young man’s term of office has expired, and then he returns to Beijing to report on his work. The common people spontaneously make Wanmin umbrellas and patchwork clothes, and send them away from ten miles away, putting on a good show where the friendship between the government and the people is stronger than water. However, the young man looks very tired, because he wants to implement Democracy policy does not work at all.

In the picture, the young man who had finished his job report was exhausted, and he resigned from office on the pretext of submerging his knowledge. It was just at the end of the year, and he expressed his feelings, and said in front of his confidantes, "I am a stranger in a foreign land alone, and I think about it during the festive season." The famous sentence of "Dear" shocked the entire literary world.

In the picture, in a garden party, he met again the beautiful girl he rescued back then. After several years, the girl appeared more and more charming, as if overlapping with someone in his memory, like a touch of whiteness and softness. The white moonlight pried open his steadfast heart.

In the picture, he and her seem to hit it off, traveling together, playing the piano and singing in harmony, although not thrilling, but warm as water, the relationship is getting deeper and deeper, and for the first time he has a slight liking for this world that has always been excluded.

In the picture, barbarians from the desert invade Bian for a long time, as if entering a land of no one, the world is full of flames, and all kinds of dormant monsters and ghosts also take the opportunity to cause harm to the world, and Nuo Da Zhongtu Shenzhou is instantly plunged into dire straits.

The young people couldn't bear the suffering of innocent people being persecuted by war and monsters, so they abandoned literature and took up martial arts, and personally organized a team to save the common people in the world.

That year, he set out with five hundred villages with courage like a rainbow, but he didn't know that there was a beautiful figure on the hillside staring at him for a long time, and a few tears drifted away with the wind.

In the picture, there are swords, swords and shadows, corpses lying like mountains, and countless times of narrow escapes. Although the team led by the young man is getting bigger and bigger, there are very few of the five hundred old men who accompanied him in the battle.

At the celebration meeting after finally repelling the main force of the barbarians in the desert, he once again wrote, "With Jun Mo's words, you will be crowned Marquis, once you succeed, you will die." ’ Such a majestic quatrain that will last forever.

In the picture, he who misses him so much that he throws off the big team and travels thousands of miles to go home, just to see her who he misses day and night.

It's just that when he returned home full of joy, there was no trace of Yi Ren, only a letter of final love that made him almost collapse.

In the picture, a large group of marriage entourages dressed in red and colorful, with horses and horses like dragons, are preparing to pass through Yanmen Pass to the Dalai Lama in fear.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

In the ancestral court of the desert barbarians, the shadow in the phoenix chariot that secretly hurts is the most beloved jewel in the palm of the current emperor.

The old emperor was frightened by the barbarians, and planned to use the most beautiful princess to make peace with the barbarians.

However, as soon as the pro team left Yanmen Pass, they were stopped by one man and one horse. The young man who was famous on the battlefield like a god of war came to the girl anxiously like the first job interview in his previous life, and nervously asked the girl if she would like to wander with him the end of the world.

In the picture, the youth and the girl fled in embarrassment in the deep mountains and old forests. Behind them were countless hawks and dogs chasing soldiers. The youth kept killing, killing heads and corpses all over the field. In order to save Airo, the girl resisted the sharp blade with her body.

In the picture, the young man who had lost his love fled to the mountains and practiced hard without sleep or food. In just three years, when he left the customs, his realm unexpectedly broke through to the legendary realm of land gods.

In the picture, the largest city in the world, which can accommodate millions of people, is full of flames. There are earth immortals summoning thunder from the nine heavens, there are big masters who move mountains and seas, immortals hold stars, sun and moon, and even sword immortals control them. The Zhetian Sword Array is ready.

All the Earth Immortals in the current world came out with the purpose of dealing with the young man who was bent on revenge for love.

In the picture, amidst the great fire, those high and mighty earth immortals either fled in embarrassment, or bowed their heads and surrendered. Otherwise, all of them died, the world mourned, and the red rain was like tears.

The young man who single-handedly overwhelmed all the heroes in the world couldn't lift his head, bursting into tears. While slashing at the struggling old emperor with a knife, he asked why.

In the picture, the young man who has nothing to worry about in the world quietly grows into a mighty middle-aged man. At this time, he is already an extremely powerful minister, commanding all the ministers with the honor of a national teacher. Rao, the emperor of the dynasty must come down no matter what occasion he sees. Kneel and salute.

With no more checks and balances, he ignored the national conditions and insisted on promoting unheard of new policies including land reform, currency reform, business reform, and official and county name reform. into the mire.

At the court meeting, which symbolized the power center of the empire, all the civil and military officials, including the young emperor, knelt down to listen to the training, and only the figure with a touch of red sat peacefully, as if announcing the arrival of a new era.

Although he has good looks, there is no shadow of him now.

Looking around the world, that bright and beautiful figure no longer exists.

At this moment, he realized in a trance that he was wrong.

It's wrong to fall in love with someone...

It's also wrong to fall in love with this world where people eat people...


Yuan Yutang didn't know when tears were streaming down his face, and his heart was cut like a knife.

What the man saw, heard, and thought, seemed to make him empathize.

In a daze, he had already reached the end of the aisle.

Behind the rippling light curtain came a young man slowly, with a Confucian crown and a green shirt, handsome and handsome, smiling at Yuan Yutang with a gentle smile:

"Hey, fellow, I'm finally waiting for you."

In an instant, Yuan Yutang's whole body was covered with dense goosebumps.

What the young man said was actually Chinese that he was very familiar with in his previous life! !

I thought that I would never hear the local accent again in this life, but I didn't expect that my wish would come true by surprise, which made Yuan Yutang very at a loss.

"It's the first time we meet, let me introduce myself first. I have forgotten my name in my previous life. In this life, my surname is Zhuge, and my name is Tianji."

"This is the memory fragment stripped from the three corpses before my fall..."

The young man who claimed to be Zhuge Tianji turned around with a smile, and Yuan Yutang followed in a daze.

Waking up like a dream, I don't know where I am.

After Yuan Yutang woke up, he suddenly found himself in front of a villa.

That's right, it is indeed the kind of two-story villa that was common in the countryside in the previous life. It has a small garden with a built-in rattan chair and a brand new mountain bike parked under the wall. It is both familiar and strange.

"Hehe, don't be in a daze, come in."

In astonishment, the man had already opened the door and walked into the villa, stood at the door and greeted him with a smile.

Yuan Yutang's mind was in a daze, and he seemed to be full of doubts, but he couldn't grasp the clues. This kind of confusion and bewilderment made him extremely uncomfortable.

Taking several deep breaths in a row, he suppressed his agitated mood and walked tremblingly into the stainless steel anti-theft door.

Entering the house is a small entrance, and there is a pair of lightning barbs aj that he had dreamed of on the side of the shoe cabinet.

Passing through the aisle with solid wood floors, you can see a large living room with fashionable decoration. A young man who claims to be Zhuge Tianji is sitting carelessly on a yellow sofa with a glass of red wine shaking in his hand.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, said with a smile, "Come on, you're welcome, just treat it as your own home, and come and taste the red wine I made myself."

Yuan Yutang could no longer distinguish reality from fantasy, sat down like a puppet on strings, picked up another red wine glass on the coffee table, and sipped the scarlet liquid in the glass with a slight trembling.

A strong familiar fragrance bloomed in the taste buds, and the long-lost taste made Yuan Yutang burst into tears again.

"Hehe, isn't the taste not bad?" Zhuge Tianji smiled gently, with a natural expression, very similar to the harmonious situation where the host brought out his favorite treasures to entertain his friends when friends from the previous life came to visit.

Yuan Yutang suppressed his sore nose, took another sip of the red wine, and swallowed more.

If this is a dream, he hopes that he will never wake up in his life.

Because he was too homesick, and he missed the earth too much.

Zhuge Tianji didn't urge him, and just tasted the wine quietly.

Although the two were relatively silent, the atmosphere was extremely harmonious and natural, and there was an inexplicable sense of warmth between two long-lost friends.

No matter how mellow the wine is, there will be an end to it, and no matter how beautiful the dream is, there will be awakening.

Slowly, Yuan Yutang's chaotic eyes regained clarity. He gently put down the empty red wine glass, looked at Zhuge Tianji, and asked calmly, "Tell me, try to lure me in front of you, what is your plan?"

Zhuge Tianji shook his head slowly, and said with a wry smile in his tone, "I didn't bring you here, but fate led you here. Don't get the concept wrong."

Yuan Yutang didn't speak, but just looked at Zhuge Tianji coldly.

Zhuge Tianji seemed to be stared unnaturally by Yuan Yutang's devilish eyes, and quickly raised his hands in surrender, "Okay, okay, don't stare at me like that, goosebumps are coming up~"

He coughed lightly to cover up his embarrassment, and said sternly, "I know you have a lot of doubts in your heart, but I'm sorry, I can't tell you now, firstly, it's because the time has not come, and secondly, it's for your own good, so I can see you in the same room. For the sake of the earth traversers, don't force me, okay?"

Traveler!

Hearing these three words like thunder on the ground, Yuan Yutang's heart tightened suddenly.

Zhuge Tianji is actually a time traveler?

Zhuge Tianji is indeed a time traveler!

In this way, many doubts will be easily solved.

Half an hour later, Yuan Yutang leaned over, grabbed Zhuge Tianji by the collar suddenly, and said through gritted teeth, "I don't want to listen to your nonsense. Answer these three questions truthfully, otherwise I will never end with you!"

Seeing that Yuan Yutang didn't seem to be intimidating, Zhuge Tianji hurriedly nodded in agreement.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang seemed to use all his strength to yell out the doubts in his heart:

"First, did you bring me to this ghost place?"

"Second, there are so many people on earth, why did you choose me?"

"Third, does the old man who sells books at the gate of the mountain forest park have anything to do with you!"

"Fucking answer me truthfully!"

It was rare for Yuan Yutang to calm down after venting the backlog of negative emotions, but his eyes were fixed on Zhuge Tianji's like a falcon.

Zhuge Tianji was stunned for a moment, then came back to his senses and said with a helpless smile, "Ahem, I will try to answer you as much as I can. First of all, it is your first question. My answer is related to me, but not I brought you to this world, don't think I'm too powerful, if I'm so magical, I won't be so tall that the grass on the grave is a few feet high, hehe~"

"The second question, my answer is... no comment."

Seeing that Yuan Yutang seemed to be showing signs of losing his temper, Zhuge Tianji explained again, "I really can't tell you. You will know when you should know. It's useless to say more now~"

Yuan Yutang was a little angry, Zhuge Tianji heaved a sigh of relief and quickly changed the subject, hesitated, put two fingers on his lips with a little embarrassment, and smiled pretending to be humorous, "Hehe, do you think it would be okay for me to grow a beard?" Will it look better?"

"What the hell!" Yuan Yutang had had enough of Zhuge Tianji's lame humor, and finally couldn't help but break his defense. He beat him to the bone, beating up the peerless man who once single-handedly overwhelmed all the gods in the world. Tianjiao ghosts cry and howl.

Finally exhausted, Yuan Yutang slumped back on the sofa exhausted, staring at the ceiling in a daze.

Zhuge Tianji's nose was bruised and his face was swollen. He observed Yuan Yutang's expression carefully and said, "I hit and scolded, and I should have vented all my anger, right?"

"Then let's talk about business."

"I left you a meeting gift. If you can pass the test, it must be able to answer some of your doubts."

"How to choose is all in your mind."

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		