

There was thunder in the sky, and there was continuous drizzle.

On the hillside, the beast roared continuously, and the killing sound shook the sky.

Just now, two wolf warriors teamed up to repel a crocodile python, which greatly boosted the low morale.

The frightened people rekindled hope, and they took up weapons one after another, intending to kill a bloody road.

Life and death are at stake, at this time no one cares about the difference between Xia Lang and each other, they are intimate with each other, fighting to the death for survival, joining forces in groups of twos and threes to fight against the crocodile and python.

The situation became heated in an instant.

Among the desperately killing crowd, two people seemed out of place.

If Yuan Yutang was present, they could be identified at a glance.

One person is wearing a rich shirt, gentle and elegant, with a charming smile on his handsome face, holding a pen in one hand and paper in the other, looking around, writing and drawing from time to time, as if watching a wonderful drama.

A person is wrapped in ribbons all over his body, only revealing a pair of sinister triangles, the shape is sinister and prey, involuntarily exuding the aura of the underworld that strangers should not enter, like a poisonous snake lurking in the dark.

Huo Ran is exactly the two monsters who drove Yuan Yutang into a corner, one of the "Four Que Laymen" of the Red Lotus Sect, Tu Que Sanren and the well-known San Cultivation Demon Painting Scholar.

He is obviously a dignified figure in the magic way, but since he entered the Tianmen attic, he has no sense of existence, as if he lost his mana and wiped out the crowd.

At this moment, the situation was already in dire straits, dozens of hundreds of crocodiles and pythons surrounded them from all directions, if they were not careful, the whole army would be wiped out.

However, the two remained unmoved, neither stepped forward to help, nor chose to escape, just watched with cold eyes, as if they had other plans.


Those who are indifferent are not only Tuqian people and magic painting scholars.

In the center of the camp, Situ Hongyi, Naimertai, and a small number of seriously injured people enjoyed others' hard work for themselves with peace of mind.

Unless it is absolutely necessary, they will definitely not do anything.

Naimertai indifferently looked around the battlefield full of killing sounds, and said expressionlessly, "Situ Hongyi, I know you still haven't played your hole cards. Ben Taiji advises you, don't take chances. The situation is critical. It’s like this, there’s no point in hiding it, it’s really irreparable, don’t blame Ben Taiji for abandoning you in disregard of morality.”

"After all, the dead man's hole cards are not strictly speaking the hole cards."

Situ Hongyi didn't refute when he heard the words, but just smiled meaningfully, and whispered in an unpredictable way, "Don't be impatient, the time has not yet come, but it will be soon..."

Naimertai glanced at Situ Hongyi lightly, then stopped talking.


"kill!"

Drenched in blood, Andalu swooped down like a tiger descending a mountain, swung the sharply curved steel knife in his hand, and slashed at a crocodile python that was swallowing the Great Xia warlock alive.

The crocodile python felt the wind blowing from the back of his head, he didn't care to swallow the delicious food in his mouth, raised his big head, and blocked the wailing warlock with his mouth against the blade.

"Ah~Brother, don't kill me~" The warlock, who was still alive, lost his mind for a moment, and begged sharply.

Anda Lu was as indifferent as iron, the steel knife in his hand remained undiminished, a cold light flashed, and the blood splattered violently, killing the unlucky ghost in an instant.

The steel knife remained undiminished, it rubbed the crocodile python's neck and cut a bloody hole in its relatively soft chest and abdomen.

The crocodile python screamed in pain, dropped the headless body and bounced towards the cliff, fleeing in embarrassment.

Taking advantage of the interval, Andalu seized the time to regain his breath and rest, and gently shook off the sticky and solidified blood on the knife. He glanced at the dead head on the ground that could not stop until he died, and he couldn't help but sneer.

It was an unexpected joy to be able to severely injure and startle a crocodile python. From the very beginning, the target he wanted to kill was this unlucky ghost.

Ever since the fat sorcerer revealed the mystery of the crocodile python swallowing the supernatural power of transformation, a tacit understanding emerged in everyone's hearts.

that is people can die

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

, but must not be swallowed alive by the crocodile python.

Otherwise, if the crocodile python swallows the original owner and then obtains its memory technique, it will only make the crocodile python stronger and stronger, and everything will be over.

Don't you see that the life ghost summoned by the bald magician whose avatar was swallowed by the crocodile python is killing all directions? In a short period of time, more than a dozen people have died in the hands of the life ghost, and it has become an unsolvable deadlock.

If you don't want to annihilate the entire army, then you must not let the crocodile python swallow any warlock again.

After a short rest, Anda Luqiang concentrated his energy to prepare for the next battlefield, but suddenly his whole body froze, as if he was thrown into the wild without clothes in the cold winter months, trembling from inside to outside.

"Ho Ho~"

A sinister and terrifying laughter rang in his ears, and Andalu, who couldn't move, could only turn his eyes desperately to look.

With just one look, he almost passed out.

A hideous, rotten ghost crawled behind him at some point, smiling grinningly and blowing into his ear.

It's a ghost raised by a bald warlock!

Seduce souls and kill ghosts, invisible!

The art of raising ghosts has always been despised by Taoist orthodoxy, because this way is too harmful to the harmony of nature and contrary to benevolence.

However, evil heretics don't care about these things. What kind of magic is powerful and has quick results, so they concentrate on practicing, never caring about the consequences, and only pursuing short-term gains.

The best way to raise ghosts is to take souls from living bodies, supplemented by secret method refining with yin and sha materials.

Moreover, ghosts have to be fed to the souls of living people for them to devour from time to time, otherwise, once they get mad, they are likely to turn back on their masters.

It can be said that all warlocks who indulge in the way of raising ghosts are playing with fire.

Andalu is the proud golden-armored Ba Yala soldier of the wolf tribe. He has been on the battlefield all year round, and eight hundred souls died under his sword. His evil spirit is astonishing, and he has practiced martial arts for a long time, and his blood is more vigorous than ordinary people.

Logically speaking, evil spirits are most afraid of evil spirits, so they should not dare to get close to him.

But he was easily approached by the ghost.

This life ghost has an astonishing yin energy. It has obviously become a climate, and its strength is close to the level of resentful souls. God knows how many innocent bald warlocks have killed to develop this level.

Every time the ghost blew, Andalu felt a little weaker.

Without thinking about it, he knew that his yang energy must have been sucked by the ghost.

The shadow of death was about to shroud, and Andalu wailed in despair.

Seeing that Andalu was about to be drained of Yang Qi and die.

At this time, a gust of icy energy that surged like a bright sun in the sky struck.

"Wow~"

As soon as Ming Gui, who was still invincible just now, was illuminated by that blazing breath, he let out a tragic scream in an instant, melting and collapsing like accumulated snow meeting the scorching sun.

Andalu, who escaped from death, fell to the ground in shock, gasping for breath with blank eyes.

He still can't believe he's still alive.

"Andalu, the brave warriors of the wolf tribe will never fall down like a bitch until they have one more breath!"

"Stand up, grab your knife, and keep fighting!"

Anda Lu stared blankly at the tall and burly man in front of him, his eyes and nose were sore for no reason, he forced his exhausted body to stand up with tears streaming down his face, and shouted with all his strength, "Yes, the noble Taiwan!" Lord Ji, this servant is willing to die for you without regret!"

After all, it was as if he had been injected with chicken blood, screaming into another battlefield.

Naimertai stared at Andalu's indomitable back with ecstasy, and sighed.

After a martial artist enters the master realm comparable to a human being, it is as if he has been completely reborn, with many instincts similar to supernatural powers, the most against the sky is the danger premonition.

Before the golden wind moved, the cicada was aware of it, plotting impermanence and death without knowing it.

This poem describes the master'

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Not seeing but not hearing, the risk-avoidance instinct.

Any conspiracy against the Grandmaster will not be effective, and the Grandmaster will know in advance if the enemy thinks badly.

It can be said that unless you seek death yourself, it is undoubtedly as difficult as climbing the sky to kill a martial arts master.

Although Naimertai has not really stepped into the master realm, but as a critical person, he has initially awakened his instincts.

The ominous premonition in my heart is getting stronger and stronger, and the source is not the crocodile python that is currently the biggest threat.

but pointing directly to...

Hiroki Shito! !


After finally walking out of the deep passage at the bottom of the underground river, Yuan Yutang was shocked by what he saw.

In front of him was an unusually spacious and huge square. The surrounding rock walls were inlaid with bright crystals emitting soft white light, illuminating the whole square dreamily and blurredly.

Endless mist fills the square, walking in it is like being in the clouds, as if one is not careful and will fall into the endless abyss.

Above the fog and mist, there is an exquisite attic floating in the sky. The sun is like rain, and it is resplendent and resplendent, just like the Yunding Tiangong where the gods live.

A winding suspended stone step runs through the attic and underground, just like the legendary Milky way bridge.

In front of the attic stands a huge doorway with carved dragons and painted phoenixes, vermilion eaves and green pillars, with golden light flowing on it, and mysterious words that cannot be seen, conveying a mysterious and ancient ethereal atmosphere from a long distance.

Yuan Yutang's eyes almost popped out of his eyes. Even though there were countless almost mythical magnificent buildings on the earth in his previous life, he couldn't help but be shocked by the uncanny workmanship surrounded by fairy spirit.

With a pious mood of pilgrimage, Yuan Yutang anxiously stepped on the suspended stone steps that seemed to lead directly to the ninth heaven.

If he guessed correctly, the floating attic should be the final destination of this trip...

Tianmen Attic! !

As he walked, Yuan Yutang soon realized that something was wrong.

Looking up and down, the doubts in my heart became even more serious.

what happened?

Obviously, from the naked eye, the stone steps are probably no more than half a mile long. How come it takes a long time to walk for less than twenty feet?

"Gah~"

Just as he was wondering, there was a deafening bird song in the tumbling mist.

Yuan Yutang was taken aback, and hurriedly turned his head to look.

Then I saw a huge fiery red figure breaking through the mist and passing through the sky.

"Fuck!"

Yuan Yutang was frightened out of his wits, and before he had time to dodge, he was bumped into by the huge fiery red figure.

Howling unwillingly in his heart, Yuan Yutang could only close his eyes and wait for death.

However, after a while, he didn't find anything unusual.

Couldn't help but quietly opened a slit of his eyes, only to find that he was safe and sound.

The huge fiery red figure passed through his body like an illusion, and then flew to an unknown distance.

"Roar~"

"Yin~"

"Howling~"

Before Yuan Yutang could figure out the situation, three different but deafening loud voices sounded in the mist.

Immediately afterwards, in his astonished sight, three terrifying figures as huge as mountains suddenly stood up.

A body is as white as snow, with black mottled densely covering the whole body, with a fierce aura soaring to the sky, it is a huge white tiger with no friends!

Traveling through the void together, twisting and winding, the whole body is green, suddenly it is a blue dragon with a length of tens of thousands of miles!

One towering up to the sky, as immovable as a pillar of the sky, the whole body is as black as ink, suddenly it is a huge and incomparably mysterious turtle.

Red birds, white tigers, blue dragons, black turtles.

Could it be the legendary four elephant beast?

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		