

Zhou Luofei seemed to have had a very long nightmare.

In the dream, she seemed to meet a magical boy.

Handsome in appearance, powerful in mana, cold in face and warm in heart, kind-hearted, he took great care of her along the way.

From hostility to relief, from kindness to affection, it seems to have experienced the whole process of love.

Then they experienced many thrilling adventures together.

But when the journey came to a remote deserted village, everything changed.

Dead ghosts, hungry ghosts, countless demons and ghosts that only existed in nightmares came out and attacked her frantically.

It was the boy who stood up and defended her with all his might.

At the end of the dream, she seemed to see the young man lost to the demons and trapped in a tight siege, and she didn't forget to tell her to go away before he died.

Concubine Zhou Luo cried, crying extremely sadly.

So crying and crying, woke up.

However, the moment she opened her eyes, soft and warm sunlight seeped into her field of vision. When she got up, she realized that there was no such thing as a hungry ghost boy in a deserted village.

At this time, she was in her luxury carriage, looking out of the window, and at a glance, she saw Qin Wuji, the leader of the guards, dedicatedly protecting her outside the carriage, and two familiar guards, Jin Buer and Feng Feiyuan, were also smiling. Greet yourself.

In a daze, she remembered that she seemed to be on the way home from visiting relatives.

But for some reason, she always felt empty in her heart.

It's like I owe someone a thank you.


"Drink this bowl of talisman water and meditate for a few days, and you should be fine."

In the village on the outskirts of Fulong Mountain, Yuan Yutang with a tired face held a bowl of water mixed with ashes and told Gouwa.

Gouwa was so grateful that he was about to kneel down and kowtow to thank him, but Yuan Yutang stopped him quickly.

Yuan Yutang smiled and rubbed Gouwa's messy hair, "From now on, you must be filial to your father, and be a good person when you grow up, you know?"

Gouwa nodded half-understood, Yuan Yutang stopped talking, and left the village after handing him the talisman water.


Under the clear starry sky, Yuan Yutang led the red rabbit and walked among the barren hills. "Brother Pingtou" sat cross-legged on the red rabbit's head with a few fruits in his arms, gnawing on his face intoxicated.

Yuan Yutang lowered his head, recalling the gains and losses of this journey in his mind.

Risking his life and death, he went into the mountains to find and rescue an old father of a country boy who met by chance. From the eyes of outsiders, this move seemed silly.

But Yuan Yutang never regretted it.

If it happened again, he would still choose to save people.

There are too many miseries in this world, and he is not a god with great powers, he can only care about the immediate affairs.

Just as the old teacher, the sloppy old man, said when he returned to his soul after death, the only thing to do in life is to save people who should not be saved.

The old Taoist has long seen this precarious world thoroughly.

"Hey~"

Yuan Yutang sighed.

He missed Master.

Of course Concubine Zhou Luo was not dreaming, every bit of the dream happened in real life, it was just that Yuan Yutang manipulated her to make her forget this horrible memory.

Non-vegetation, ruthless Practice makes perfect?

Facing the girl's love, Yuan Yutang was unable to respond to this friendship, and simply swung his sword to cut off the affection in time.

After all, we are not all the same way, so why meet each other before.

Since you can't stay together forever, it's better to forget each other in the rivers and lakes.

This free and easy Yuan Yutang can still do it.

As for how he did it, it has to be attributed to the newly acquired supernatural power 'Liujia Qimen'.

Similar to 'calling the wind and calling the rain', 'Liujia Qimen' is strictly speaking two supernatural powers.

Liujia can use ghosts and gods, and Qimen can see through profound meanings. Both are wonderful, and when combined together, they are a complete Tiangang supernatural power.

However, the heaven is not beautiful, Yuan Yutang was no longer 'complete' when he first obtained supernatural powers.

At the end of the battle of Fulong Mountain, at the cost of the fall of the wild gods in the fairyland of twelve people, it was finally difficult to seal the Hungry Ghost Dao Ghost King Face Burning Master who wanted to break through the boundary.

The surviving wild gods happily share the great merit of eating the heavens, but Yuan Yutang has to bear the karma of the death of the wild gods alone.

In the final analysis, this matter was caused by Yuan Yutang, and it is understandable that it bears cause and effect, and Yuan Yutang has no complaints.

It's just that the price behind the cause and effect is a bit too heavy.

Yuan Yutang forcibly used supernatural powers at the lowest level to represent Tian Zhaoshen, so he would naturally be punished by the heavens. Not only did he not have any merits recorded, but the power of the ghosts and gods enslaved by the "Liujia" in the "Liujia Qimen" was even sealed.

According to his own estimation, before reaching the human fairyland, don't expect to be able to break through the seal of heaven.

It's a matter of time and fate, the super supernatural power that he just got has not been warmed up, and he lost half of it in the blink of an eye, which really made him want to cry without tears.

However, he is also generous. Although he can only use half of his magical powers, he is satisfied if he can survive.

And the trip wasn't fruitless.

While helping Fatty and others who died in the battle to collect the bones, he accidentally discovered the magical effect of the 'Skill of the Odd Gate'.

All the corpses he has handled can directly strip out the spells he knew during his lifetime.

This discovery made him ecstatic.

The sloppy old man died too early, without the guidance of his elders, he grew up completely blindly, so that most of the spells he knew were self-taught from a master secret book, and the methods were lacking and single.

Zhengchou didn't know where to learn spells, and he didn't expect to find a pillow when he was dozing off.

Touching the corpse can steal the spells that the corpse has learned all its life. Is there a simpler and rude way to learn than this?

From the five dead warlocks, Yuan Yutang secretly learned dozens of different kinds of spells, such as the remnants of "Going out to help soldiers", "Miscellaneous Secret Arts", "San Mao Secret Code", "Tian Lun Jing·Fu Lu Pian" Volume etc.

"Going out to help the soldiers" is the unique mysterious art of asking gods to send horses to the disciples of the Northeast Road. It records in detail how to sign a contract with the fairy family and how to borrow the power of the fairy family. Half of the unlucky Ghost King Mountain.

In addition to finding out "Going out to the Horse Gang Bingjue", Yuan Yutang also accidentally stripped a crystal bone the size of a thumb from his corpse.

This is the legendary fairy bone.

In the running of the horse, there is a watershed between the presence of immortal bones and the absence of immortal bones.

Mountain spirits and wild monsters who follow the path of the fairy family will give birth to a fairy bone in their lifetime, which can only be bestowed on one person.

If the immortal family he serves can ascend to the Tao, even if his brother Ma is just a vulgar mortal, he will immediately become an immortal.

That's why it is said that whether a horse immortal has immortal bones or not is two different things.

It's just that this thing doesn't seem to be of much use to Yuan Yutang, and even "The Battle of the Horse Gang" is dispensable to him.

It's a good idea to ask him to throw himself into the gate wall to recognize a beast as a master and take care of him respectfully, so he can respond to whatever he thinks.

Except for the level of the unfathomable Mr. Huang Qi, otherwise he would not consider it, hehe...

Well, the above is just what Yuan Yutang wanted to make fun of, and it doesn't represent his real thoughts.

"Miscellaneous Secret Techniques" is a encyclopedia of all kinds of spells in the world, and it records many housekeeping secrets of the lower sects of the world, such as unlocking, fascination, stealing, gambling, disguise, pathfinding, detection, etc. Magic and other small spells that can't be put on the table but are very practical, come from the first unlucky fat man to die.

This can be regarded as a solution to Yuan Yutang's urgent need.

He does not lack advanced spells, just 'calling the wind and calling the rain' is enough to deal with most of the troubles, the only thing he lacks is some practical and commonly used small spells.

"Miscellaneous Family Secret Technique" can be regarded as filling a large part of his vacancy.

And the "Sanmao Secret Code" made him overjoyed, it came from Zhao Gan, a collateral disciple of the Sanmao Sect.

Although it is not the most authentic core technique of the Sanmao Sect, the Jingshan Sect that Yuan Yutang belongs to is also born out of the Sanmao Sect, and the two can be said to have the same root.

"Sanmao Secret Code" is different from "Lihuo Chunyang Gong" which only focuses on the way of Lihuo. This exercise focuses on refining corpses and collecting souls, which enriches Yuan Yutang's spell inventory, and also learns a lot about Sanmao Zong's secret, this will not be shown for the time being.

What Yuan Yutang cares most about is the fragment of the last "Tian Lun Jing·Fu Lu Pian".

The way of talismans is the cornerstone of Taoism, and it is ever-changing and profound.

The "Tian Lun Jing" is indeed a masterpiece written by Tian Lun Taoist, known as the second person in the world, who once competed with Zhuge Tianji in the same generation more than 300 years ago. There are tens of thousands of spells recorded.

Even though many fragments are missing, there are still hundreds of complete talismans to learn.

It is reasonable for Taoist priests not to catch monsters, but if they don't know how to draw talismans, they may be ridiculed.

It just so happens that drawing symbols is Yuan Yutang's biggest shortcoming.

Normally, he tries not to fight as much as he can, so as to avoid showing timidity in front of others, but after a long time, it has become a heart disease.

Fortunately, the heavens have eyes, and finally made up for the biggest regret.

In addition to discovering the fragments of "Tian Lun Jing·Fu Lu Pian" on the bodies of the dead talisman masters Wang Tenglong and Xu Zheng, there was another great surprise.

An extremely high-grade golden talisman——Lei Chi Jue Sha Talisman!

The five elements of gold are the first, and the gold of the hundred mines is the supreme.

The talisman carved with gold as the carrier, Yuan Yutang couldn't imagine how terrifying this talisman was.

Borrowing the law would hurt heaven and harmony, and the more powerful the talisman, the more restrictive it would be, otherwise Wang Tenglong and the two would not have died without using the thunder pool talisman.

It's not that I don't want to, but I can't!

At least until Yuan Yutang broke through to the Immortal Realm, he didn't dare to touch this golden talisman.

In addition to the above, Yuan Yutang also got a mascot that he didn't know whether it was a blessing or a curse-the broken finger of Master Mian Ran.

This is the grand prize drawn from the broken body of Brahma.

Legend has it that Master Mian Ran, the king of hungry ghosts, has thousands of hands and hands, and has devoted thousands of incarnations to the world. He is always looking forward to tearing down the walls of the six realms and leading thousands of hungry ghosts to terrorize the world.

When Yuan Yutang picked up the broken finger, it was like five thunders crashing on the top instantly, an extremely sinister and vicious stalwart will tried to overwhelm his soul and occupy his body.

Fortunately, at the critical moment, the ancient book "Secret Technique of Tiangang" showed its power again, repelling that sinister and malicious will with supreme power.

Yuan Yutang, who had escaped from the dead, was terrified, and inexplicably got a glimpse of a big secret.

The Brahmacha is actually not a natural ghost, but an artificial ghost formed after being forcibly integrated into the face of the burning master's broken finger.

Its true identity is even more amazing!

He was actually the prince of the former dynasty more than 300 years ago, and he transformed the prince into a hungry ghost Bravasha...

It is indeed a strange man of a generation, Zhuge Tianji!


		