

Although the old man had already contributed 5 points of merit, Yuan Yutang decided to squeeze out the last bit of value from him in the spirit of waste utilization.

With the introduction of the strange technique, Yuan Yutang likes to mention the evil method "The Great Law of Planting Humans".

The source of "The Great Law of Planting Humans" is unknown, but the effect is extremely overbearing. People are used as crops, and people are cultivated for joy. After eating the blood fruits of 10,000 people's crops, they immediately break through a level.

It can be said that this is a god-level skill that leads directly to eternal life without bottlenecks.

but!

is it possible?

The sorcerer, cultivating immortals, competes with heaven and man for longevity, and every step is like walking on thin ice.

If there is really a shortcut to eternal life, then other pious warlocks who work hard step by step are all fools?

So the seemingly perfect "Dafa of Raising People" is actually a ridiculous lie.

Anyone who practices the "Dafa of Raising Humans" must first break off the fetters, use blood relatives as crops, and eat their blood and fruit before they can start.

If he really kills his relatives with his own hands for the sake of longevity, how is his approach different from that of animals?

Even if you have lost your original intention, what are you talking about proving the Tao and becoming a fairy?

Only some people with weak will and bad intentions will believe this nonsense and practice this evil kung fu.

The most important thing is that this technique has a huge drawback.

Ordinary people are afraid of fruit, and immortals are afraid of cause

The "Dafa of Raising Humans" harms nature and justice, and will be entangled in cause and effect, so it is necessary to always find ways to divert cause and effect.

Otherwise, karma will break out, and you will never be reborn forever.

Moreover, Yuan Yutang also had an inexplicable feeling that this exercise was not complete. To be precise, "The Dafa of Raising Humans" seemed to be only the elementary version, and there might be an advanced version of the evil method.

Therefore, in order not to let this harmful law leak out, Yuan Yutang burned it on the spot.

Moments later, two people walked hand in hand by Guan Dao.

One is about forty years old, with a square face, big eyes, curly beard and hair, wearing a black dress, as tall as an iron tower, walking like a dragon and a tiger.

The other person is in his early twenties, handsome and tall, with a tall and slender figure, but there is an irresistible obscenity between his brows, and his behavior is frivolous, like a rascal in the market.

The two came straight to Yuan Yutang, first glanced at the old man of the demon race who was dying, and then clasped their fists together and said:

"Yuan is in charge of teaching righteousness and eliminating harm for the people. I admire him very much."

Yuan Yutang returned the salute with a faint smile, "I don't dare to do it, the two arrestees go through life and death for the peace of the people, and Yuan is the one who is convinced."

There is of course a reason why Yuan Yutang came to rob and kill the old man.

This thing started three days ago.

At that time, after Yuan Yutang came out of the prison where the demon three-headed Zhenjun was imprisoned, he met an acquaintance.

To be precise, it was an acquaintance who met once.

I saw a frivolous and carefree young man walking towards him on the street, with a pair of thieves' eyes lingering on the young daughter-in-law and the big girl passing by along the way.

This is not too fascinated by watching, forgetting to look at the road, and bumping into a hurried passerby.

"oops"

After a scream, it was not the frail young man who was knocked into the air, but the middle-aged fat man with a big belly on the opposite side.

That big fat man was dressed in brocade clothes, and he looked rich or expensive at first glance, but his eyes were swollen, his forehead was sweating, and his body had obviously been hollowed out by wine, so he couldn't stand a collision.

This didn't immediately fall on all fours, even knocked out one of the front teeth, bleeding from the nose, lying on the ground and wailing endlessly, it was so funny.

"master!"

"Go up and save the master!"

"Dare to offend the master, go up and beat him to death!"

Just as everyone stopped to watch the excitement, a few villains dressed as servants rushed out of the crowd, punching and kicking the young man without saying a word.

In addition, an old man dressed as a housekeeper hurriedly gritted his teeth and tried to help the fat man, but he was old and frail, and he used all his strength to nurse, but it didn't help.

Yuan Yutang didn't mind his own business, and stayed quietly among the crowd to watch the big show.

He saw clearly just now that the young man seemed to be careless, but he was actually running after the fat man.

And the moment the two collided, he clearly saw the young man take a piece of obscene clothing from the fat man.

Obscene clothing is a close-fitting thing, and after a long time, it will be contaminated with the owner's breath and form an invisible relationship.

If you want to cast a spell on a specific target, regardless of good or evil, then underwear or hair and blood are the best mediums for casting spells.

In other words, young people are eyeing the fat man.

The group of evil slaves attacked extremely fiercely, they ran up and down to attack the weak points of the human body, and acted fiercely in the street, as if they were not afraid of killing people at all.

A house slave is so domineering, one can imagine how domineering and domineering his master, Fatty, is on weekdays.

Many kind-hearted people in the surrounding area couldn't bear to look directly at them, and turned their eyes sideways to avoid them.

Not long after, the young man with a bruised nose and swollen face was dying, and the sweaty slaves were so tired that they were willing to stop.

Under the scolding of the housekeeper, several people hurriedly carried away the fat man who howled like a pig.

It wasn't until Fatty and his party ran away without a trace that the sympathetic people dared to discuss in a low voice:

"That young man is really unlucky. Anyone who doesn't bump into him will bump into Master Tang."

"Hey, that bastard Tang San is domineering, why isn't he killed alive along with his daughter in Yurou Township?"

"Shh, do you want to die? If the evil slaves of the Tang family hear it, you will have to peel off your skin if you don't die!"

"Poor young man, he was beaten like this, he probably won't live, and he doesn't know how sad his relatives will be when they find out, what a crime~"

After the excitement, the people gradually dispersed.

Although they all sympathized with the young people, in fact no one dared to go up and care about the life and death of the young people.

Powerlessness is one aspect, but he is afraid of that fat man named Tang San.

Only Yuan Yutang still stood there, watching with cold eyes.

The climate in autumn is unpredictable. The sun was shining just now, and suddenly there was a heavy rainstorm.

Pedestrians on the road couldn't help being drenched, desperately looking for a place to shelter from the rain, and surrounding shops also hurriedly moved their goods.

Within a moment, the street was empty, as if entering another world.

Suddenly, the young man who was lying on the ground suddenly stood up, stretched his waist, and groaned comfortably as if he had just woken up from a dream.

"Well, the strength is just right, but it's comfortable for the uncle." The young man said a witty remark with a playful smile. How can there be such weakness as dying?

Turning his head to Yuan Yutang, he muttered dissatisfiedly, "Brother, you can't stop watching this excitement, right?"

Yuan Yutang stood in the rain expressionlessly, but his shirt was not wet, and asked an irrelevant question, "What is your intention in stealing that man's obscene clothes?"

After a pause, Yuan Yutang stared closely at the young man's eyes, and said in a deep voice, "Did you drive that evil spirit that tortured and killed the vicious woman of the Tang family three days ago?"

"I want to show up in the market as a different kind of flying headman, what is the picture?"

"Answer the above questions truthfully, but if you make a false statement, you will be killed on the spot!"

Three questions in a row directly confused the young man.

That's right, he was the Feitoumin who appeared at the scene of the Tang's murder three days ago.

Unexpectedly, after Miss Tang's life was claimed by the evil spirit, even Master Tang himself was targeted by him.

Sighing, the young man smiled wryly, "It turned out that you were the one who fell behind me that night, no wonder you always felt like someone was spying on you."

As he spoke, he reached into his bosom, took out a simple bronze token and threw it to Yuan Yutang.

After catching it, I saw that it was written on the door: Daxia Zhenmosi five golden seal characters.

The Great Xia Town Magic Division is the most mysterious and special institution of the imperial court, it is the most mysterious and special institution of the imperial court, which gathers strange people from all over the world and is directly managed by the royal family. Xuanmen sect.

There are rumors in the rivers and lakes that the Zhenmagic Division has four divisions of punishing evil, promoting good, suppressing evil, and killing immortals. They each perform their own duties and are not related to each other.

It was rare for the young man to put away his hippie smile, and bowed his hands in a solemn voice, "Daxia Town Magic Division, the punishment room brass arrests Li Chunyi, I have seen fellow Taoists."

Yuan Yutang was taken aback for a moment, he didn't expect this rogue young man to be a member of the most mysterious institution of the Great Xia court, the Department of Magic.

Although there is an identity token as proof, it is not enough to dispel Yuan Yutang's suspicion.

Throwing the identity token back to Li Chunyi, Yuan Yutang said with undiminished anger, "Since your Excellency is an official of the court, you should obey the law and abide by the law. Why do you allow ghosts to kill?"

"Could it be that he despises the law and is a hypocrite and treacherous person?"

After finishing speaking, Yuan Yutang's murderous intent was revealed, and his momentum soared, and there was a sign of going to war if there was a disagreement.

To be honest, he didn't have the slightest liking for the Great Xia court.

In his guess, the imperial court has long been controlled by the peerless great demon Pudu Cihang.

Demons are in power, the government is corrupt, all officials are incompetent, and there are elements of corruption, which make the people live in dire straits.

In such an immoral and decadent dynasty, Li Chunyi, who is a falcon dog, has limited number of good people.

Under this premise, even knowing that Miss Tang's death deserved more than death, it would be difficult to have a good face towards Li Chunyi.

Just when the situation was on the verge of breaking out, there was a burst of hearty laughter:

"Hahaha, what this little brother said is wrong. When did punishing the evil and promoting the good become hypocrisy?"

"Let the resentful and injustice be punished, and let the innocent be sanctioned, which is the foundation of our Suppressing Demons and Punishment."

"My little brother doesn't look like a pedantic person, why did he say such outrageous words?"

Yuan Yutang's starry eyes flashed two bright lights, and when he turned his head to look, he saw a tall figure slowly walking towards the end of the street amidst the rain.

Li Chun couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this, just now he was suppressed by Yuan Yutang's aura for a moment, and said loudly, "Boss!"

The tall and mighty bearded man came to Yuan Yutang, clasped his fists and said with a loud laugh, "I've met my little brother, Qian Duobao, who punishes the evil house and catches the night fisherman."

Ye Diao Lang is a mid-to-senior cadre in the Zhenmagic Division, and the minimum requirement is to have the strength of a real person. The strength of a bearded man is no small feat.

However, this person's words are sincere and his attitude is earnest, it is difficult to make people feel bad.

Yuan Yutang's face was cloudy and uncertain.

After a while, he suddenly smiled, and the frost on his face melted instantly, and he bowed his head to salute, "Wuliang Tianzun, Yuan Yuji, the twenty-eighth generation head of the Jingshan sect in Shaozhou, Shaozhou, the words just now are slightly biased. Atonement."

Qian Duobao waved his hand boldly, and laughed loudly, "It turns out that Headmaster Yuan is in charge, so you don't need to worry about trivial matters, meeting is fate, how about Qian being the host, and have a few drinks with the headmaster?"

"I have a wish, but I dare not ask you."

Seeing that the two people who met for the first time chatted more and more speculatively, Li Chunyi, who was lagging behind, hurriedly caught up with the two who were drifting away.


		