

On June 18, one month had passed since Yuan Yutang came to Qingzhou City.

Recalling the night outside Qingzhou City, Yuan Yutang still has lingering fears.

That night, more than twenty monsters attacked, and he and all the guards almost died on the way!

Even though Huang Qisu kept his promise and tried his best to block the news, as he said, as long as it happened, it would definitely leak out, the difference is only a matter of time.

Therefore, on the fifth day after the Shoushan Banquet, Yuan Yutang Jinkou sealed it, and the secret that became a proverb was finally revealed.

No monster can refuse the temptation to quickly raise his level. Even though Yuan Yutang made preparations for a rainy day and traveled day and night in advance, he was still chased by the monster who got the news.

Fortunately, the time for the secret to be revealed was still short, and most of the twenty or so monsters who attacked were of the level of goblins. In addition, it was not far from Gyeongju City at that time, and the guards swore to protect them. This made Yuan Yutang, who was seriously injured and weak, safe Enter Gyeongju City.

The dull gourd looks reckless on the outside, but his mind is quite delicate.

Although Yuan Yutang never voluntarily mentioned anything, he knew from Yuan Yutang's restless and abnormal behavior a few days ago that he had something to do with the monster's sudden attack, so after escaping from danger, he issued a silent order to the guards, strictly forbidding to disclose information about the monster.

However, Yuan Yutang had been physically and mentally exhausted for the past few days, coupled with the rugged ancient roads, it was indeed a great crime to rush on the road, and finally his injuries broke out, and he fell into a coma and was on the verge of dying after entering the city.

Fortunately, there was the great doctor Zhang, a contemporary medical fairy, who saved his life.

However, even with the careful treatment by Dr. Zhang, it took almost a month from being paralyzed in bed to being able to walk on the ground by himself.


This morning, Yuan Yutang was sitting on a stone bench in the yard, looking at the yellow-flowered campanula trees in full bloom in the yard, a tree full of flowers, golden everywhere, and a sea of ​​gold, it was breathtakingly beautiful.

After the demon attack, Mian Hulu was extremely concerned about Yuan Yutang's safety, and always arranged guards to protect the left and right.

Brothers Zhang Lin and Zhang Qing were on duty today, chatting a few steps behind Yuan Yutang with a cigarette in their mouth.

"Brother Zhang, please give me a cigarette." Yuan Yutang turned around and said suddenly.

Zhang Lin has a straightforward personality, and he didn't allow him to think about it, so he prepared to take out cigarettes for Yuan Yutang. Unexpectedly, his brother Zhang Qing stretched out his hand to stop him, stepped forward and solemnly clasped his fists and said, "Master, you are not recovering from your illness. Doctor Zhang has ordered you not to let you touch tobacco." , I also hope that the young master will not embarrass the villain."

Yuan Yutang sighed in disappointment, didn't say any more, turned his head and continued to look at the wind chimes and yellow flowers drifting in the wind in a daze.

Why doesn't he know that he is not suitable for smoking now, but he is really irritable in his heart, so he wants to use smoking to relieve his worries.

The governor's mansion is heavily guarded and heavily guarded, and even ghosts and ghosts dare not rush in easily. Why does Bonk Hulu specially arrange guards for personal protection?

There is only one reason.

Someone in the Governor's Mansion intends to be unfavorable to Yuan Yutang!

As for why Menhulu knew that someone in the Governor's Mansion wanted to harm Yuan Yutang, the answer was simple.

Because he is Situ Shanu's brother-in-law, and also the young talent who made his first contribution in the Battle of Tongshan Pass.

The current governor of the Northeast Province is Situ Mo, and the Yuema Pavilion courtyard where Yuan Yutang and the others live now belongs to Situ Shanu's private residence.

In this way, it is easy to explain.

Situ Shanu is Situ Mo's second son!

The Nine Great Governors of Great Xia have high positions and powers, and they are divided into one side. Among them, the two rich families of Dongbei Road and Lingnan Road have been hereditary for more than 300 years. Wang Zhishi with a different surname.

Such a prominent wealthy family, how could it escape the bloody plot of the princes fighting for power and profit.

Compared with the other eight governors who had many wives and concubines and many children, Situ Mo was very unique. For many years, he only treated his wife with respect as a guest, and his wife died of illness and did not remarry, so he only had two daughters and three sons.

The two daughters have long been married to wealthy families in other places, and the third son has been weak and sick since he was a child. He has been hiding in the secluded forest for a long time to recuperate and ignore world affairs. Therefore, the heir to the governor can only choose between the two adult sons.

Situ Shanu's eldest brother is named Situ Hongyi, and Situ Shanu is twelve years older.

Liu Bu, the deputy commander in chief who dared to openly challenge Situ Shanu in Tongshan Pass and was beheaded, was Situ Hongyi's confidant.

The two brothers are in the same situation, and their conflict has reached the point where it cannot be adjusted.

The most interesting thing is that Situ Mo seems to have been watching coldly, never taking any action to stop his sons from killing each other.

And Yuan Yutang, as Situ Shanu's public righteous brother, and made great contributions in Tongshan Pass, as long as he is willing to join the army, he will surely rise to the top. In the future, he will definitely be another hardcore support of Situ Shanu.

With Situ Hongyi's personality, how could he tolerate Yuan Yutang's smooth growth?

As long as there is a chance, he will definitely kill him.

This is not alarmist talk.

Since ancient times, the ruthless imperial family, what dirty things haven't happened in the court?

Even if the position of governor is not as high as that of the Ninth Five-Year, it is not far behind. In order to compete for this position, he will naturally use all means to attack dissidents.

Yuan Yutang frowned wearily. He had watched too many Gongdou TV dramas in his previous life, and he never thought that one day he would be personally involved in it.

If it wasn't for the bad things that happened in Shoushan that made him a favorite in the eyes of demons, he would have left long ago.

Just because he could risk his life to fight the enemy side by side with Situ Shanu on the battlefield, doesn't mean he is willing to become a victim of political infighting.

And besides this nonsense, there was an even more nonsense discovery that made him restless.

On the way to pass the time, he suddenly discovered an astonishing fact during an inadvertent chat with Mian Hulu.

According to Men Hulu, his family fled the famine and moved to the Northeast Road two hundred years ago, and his ancestors came from Guobei County, Xiezhou, Shannan Province. There is a century-old temple outside the city, named Lanruo Temple!

At that time Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded.

Lanruo Temple, mummy, female ghost Xiaoqian, Ning Caichen, Yan Chixia, dryad grandma...

Countless familiar names are linked together, and Yuan Yutang finally knows what world he has traveled to.

No wonder this world is so bizarre, it's actually the world of Liaozhai!

There are ghosts, foxes, demons, and even city gods and ghosts here. The world is in decline, the people are in dire straits, and evil spirits are everywhere.

Yuan Yutang, who wanted to cry but had no tears, took a full day to calm down.

At the same time, I felt even more desperate for the Great Xia court.

Because at that time, the national teacher of the dynasty was named Purdue Cihang!

That's a millennium centipede~

There is a big demon that is messing with the court, and this dynasty will last for a long time without ghosts!

However, although the world of Liao Zhai is treacherous and terrifying, he is not hopeless.

With "The Secret Technique of Tiangang" at his back, as long as he continues to do justice for the heavens and slay demons, sooner or later he will stand at the top of the world, soaring in the daytime, and becoming a fairy at ease is not a dream!

Well, that's going too far.

The most important thing now is to take care of his injuries. Only after heals his injuries can he have the capital to protect himself.

After thinking wildly for a while, Yuan Yutang felt tired and was about to go back to his room to rest, when suddenly he came from outside with a sullen expression and an anxious look.

Duan Hulu has often been unable to find anyone recently, and even when he comes back, he still has a cheerful expression. Yuan Yutang and the guards always tease him and ask him if the thousand-year-old iron tree has blossomed.

Whenever the time comes, Men Hulu always giggles and giggles. It seems that a good thing is coming, and everyone can't help being happy.

But now, Mong Hulu's face is full of anxiety.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help putting aside his teasing intentions, and asked, "Brother Hu, what happened?"

The dull gourd sighed, and slowly told the story:

Wang Erleng is the life-and-death brother of Mianhulu. If Wang Erleng hadn't helped him block the knife on the battlefield back then, his bones would have been cold by now.

Originally promised to help take care of the widow of his comrade-in-arms, he has been fighting with Situ Shanu all these years.

Even if he doesn't know what will happen tomorrow, no matter how determined he is, he will not be able to take care of Cao Ying's mother and son.

Later, after meeting Cao Ying again, he learned that the orphans and widowed mothers live in poverty, and the guilt accumulated over the years broke out at once, and Men Hulu desperately wanted to make up for it.

Cao Ying is gentle and virtuous, while Mong Hulu is hot-blooded. No one thought that the two of them would see each other after going back and forth.

Poor gourd doesn't care whether Cao Ying's identity as a widow will be ridiculed or not, he has already made up his mind to go back to Tongshan Pass to apply to Situ Shanu for retirement after Yuan Yutang recovers, and when the time comes to beat gongs and drums, eight people will marry Cao Ying in a big sedan chair .

Although Cao Ying was moved, she was afraid of getting the reputation of the dull gourd. Although she liked this dull man very much, she had no choice but to hold back and keep him out of the door.

This man admits death, and vowed in his heart that he would not marry Cao Ying, how could he give up so easily, so he came to the door every day to beg hard, and finally moved Cao Ying to let go of the worldly prejudice and accept him.

Just when the two were deeply in love, a strange thing happened in Wangjia Village recently.

About ten days ago, the livestock kept in captivity in the village died suddenly for no reason.

It is outrageous that there are no wounds on the surface of the dead livestock.

Livestock is an important property of a family, and suddenly a large number of them died for no reason, which would be a big deal.

It's just that the reason for the sudden death of the livestock has not yet been found out. Another unimaginable murder happened in the village last night, which made the situation more confusing.

When Menhulu went to Wangjia Village to look for Cao Ying this morning, he found a large number of villagers gathered in the ancestral hall of the village, and when he went to Cao Ying's house, he did not see her mother and son. Later, a kind person told him that something serious happened to Cao Ying!

It turned out that last night, all seven members of Cao Ying's neighbor Wang Hansan's family were massacred. The scene was horrible, and the seven members were almost torn to pieces.

The wife of the neighbor Wang Hansan's family is bitter and mean, and usually likes to gossip. It happened that Cao Ying, who was passing by, heard Cao Ying yesterday evening when she was arranging Cao Ying with some gossip women in the village.

In the past, Cao Ying would tolerate some gossip as much as she could, but it was about the innocence of her and Mian Hulu, so she couldn't bear it anymore.

The theory was fruitless, and finally it developed to the point of doing it.

The two women and Taoists scuffled together in public, and they were separated after many people came to persuade them to fight.

The Wang family's mother-in-law was used to being aggressive, so she had never suffered this kind of loss. At that time, she clamored to spread Cao Ying's scandal to the whole Gyeongju, so that everyone in the city would know that there was a pair of shameless men and women hooking up for adultery.

It is said that Cao Ying was trembling with anger at that time, and her eyes looked as if she wanted to eat people.

As a result, that night, the seven members of the Wang family were wiped out.

Village Zheng thought that Cao Ying was the most suspected suspect, so he led people into Cao Ying's house overnight and took her to the ancestral hall for public trial and execution.

Hearing this, Mian Hulu immediately exploded in anger, picked up a wooden stick, and rushed towards the ancestral hall aggressively.


		