

Although the girl in front of her was beautiful, Yuan Yutang and the others instinctively sensed that something was wrong.

Although this beauty is beautiful, her expression is rigid, her whole body is full of evil spirits, and she is as ferocious as a beast, as if there is an ogre hidden under the glamorous shell, which is obviously not human.

In fact, it can be confirmed from her words that she is not a living person.

"Where did the three reckless warlocks come from? Auntie's Wangu Mountain dares to run around, not afraid of life coming and no life coming out?"

When Yuan Yutang heard it, he called him a good guy.

The name of Anshan has not changed for hundreds of years, and this female devil changed her name as soon as she came, obviously treating the whole Anshan as a taboo.

If Zhuge Tianjiquan, a generation of strange people who once practiced in this mountain, knows, I am afraid that the coffin board will not be able to hold it down.

As soon as the female devil appeared, all the skeleton ghosts followed suit. It was obvious that she was the leader of the ghosts.

The three of them were trapped in a tight siege, and the situation took a turn for the worse.

Yuan Yutang showed no fear at all, his eyes fixed on the female devil who was being supported by the skeleton ghost.

Crisis situations like one against one hundred are already commonplace for him. Since his debut, which battle has not been easier than it is now?

What he didn't expect was that Zhong Lihan, a ranger from the martial arts family, was the first to attack.

"Hahaha, the Sajia has been in the rivers and lakes for 30 years, thousands of demons have died under the sword of the Sajia, and a group of wine bags and rice bags can match the Sajia?"

"Hey, today the Sa family will see what you are capable of, a devil!"

"Die!"

As soon as the words fell, Zhong Lihan once again displayed a ghostly speed that surprised even Yuan Yutang, and leaped over the heavy skeleton ghosts like an inch, and flashed in front of the female devil in an instant, and the big iron sword with a strong murderous aura was unsheathed behind him!

"court death!"

The female devil's face darkened, and a strong wind came out of thin air, hitting Zhong Lihan like a collapsed city wall.

The big iron sword in Zhong Lihan's hand was about seven inches long, thick and without a sharp edge, and the blade was covered with old and hard-to-remove blood stains, and it was extremely heavy at first glance.

The epee, which is difficult for ordinary people to even pick up, is as light as a feather in Zhonglihan's hands. Facing the howling wind, he is not afraid, and strikes straight down like a shock.

"Let's see who dies first!"

It was too late and then it was too fast, the big iron sword lingering in the evil spirit collided with the sweeping wind, and the air waves flew up immediately, Yu Jin raged wildly in all directions.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang secretly praised.

It is worthy of proving the way with martial arts, and a martial arts ranger who specializes in the power of killing. In addition to his ridiculous speed, he did not expect that his strength is so amazing.

Zhong Lihan's straight strike seems ordinary, but in fact his skills are close to the Tao, and he has already stepped into the extraordinary realm of great skill and no workmanship.

According to the realm of martial arts, Zhong Lihan's cultivation has definitely reached the master level of the founder of the sect.

If it was Yuan Yutang who came to resist directly, it would probably be difficult.

It is not an exaggeration to say that Zhong Lihan's martial arts cultivation is absolutely comparable to that of one of the top ten Saktus of the wolf clan who fought against Yuan Yutang and Situ Shanu on the battlefield of Tongshan Pass. Jiaba Yala commanded Totomobi.

Isn't it easy for such a strong man to attack with all his strength to defeat the Yin Feng in the air?

However, what happened next far exceeded Yuan Yutang's expectations.

After hearing a muffled groan in pain, there was a flash of blood in the air, and the outcome was decided immediately.

Zhong Lihan's defeat was unreasonable.

The raging wind rushed across the border like a natural disaster, and instantly flew Zhong Lihan, whose jaws were split open, into the jungle, his life and death unknown.

"Hmph, overestimate your own strength!" The female devil's expression remained unchanged, as if Zhong Lihan was just waiting for a move to retreat.

Yuan Yutang put away his relaxed mood and stared at the female devil whose origin was unknown.

This monster can appear in human form, and its cultivation must be over two hundred years old. It is consistent with the soaring evil spirit he observed at the foot of the mountain before. It must be the real monster who occupies the mountain as king.

But from her and Zhong Lihan's instructor just now, it can be seen for a short time that the strength is obviously far superior to that of ordinary monsters.

This is impossible.

How could there be a concealment technique in the world that could hide the 'Pupil of No Confusion'?

It was the first time that Yuan Yutang encountered such a situation beyond comprehension, and Yuan Yutang was also a little confused.

"Don't hesitate, benefactor, and go to subdue demons and eliminate demons, and the little monk will hold the battle for you."

At this time, the little monk Baiyun Baoxiang said solemnly.

In the end, it was an eminent monk suspected of being a sorcerer. Although he was still young, after the initial panic, Bai Yun regained his composure, showing the demeanor of Buddhist great virtues.

Just that one stop can make Yuan Yutang feel at ease, as if there is a Buddha figure with great powers protecting him in the dark.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang stepped towards the female devil head, ignoring the glaring skeleton ghosts around him.

"Little Niubi, do you want to die too?" The female devil frowned and asked.

Yuan Yutang smiled without saying a word, and secretly stimulated the blood in his body, which was as vigorous as a boiler, and his body squatted half down, like a strong bow stretched to the extreme.

In the next second, there was a muffled bang.

The soles of Yuan Yutang's feet suddenly spat out, and the dirt road below couldn't bear the violent force, and he was stepped out of a huge pit the size of two water tanks.

With this explosive force, Yuan Yutang shot out like a shooting star.

Fast, too fast.

Before the female devil could even react to her attack, Yuan Yutang charged away the skeleton ghost blocking the way, and his fist was within a hair's breadth of her face.

After two months of intensive care by the contemporary doctor Zhang Dashi, Yuan Yutang finally recovered from his injuries.

The physical strength that erupted at this time seemed to be not a little bit stronger than Tongshan Pass.

The terrifying punch made the female devil's face distorted and deformed. She gasped in horror, knowing that this guy's brute force was too amazing, even stronger than Zhong Lihan just now, and she really couldn't touch it head-on.

But Yuan Yutang didn't give her any room to dodge at all. Seeing that she was about to be punched in the head, the female devil could only bite the bullet and set up the white and snowy jade armrest to block it.

Bang, click~

Amid the dull beating sound, the two jade arms of the female devil's head were easily snapped off like crunchy firewood.

That obviously not big fist, in the eyes of the female devil, collapsed like a mountain, and continued to push forward indomitably.

Suddenly, the female devil only felt that it was difficult to breathe, and a strong breath of death rushed over.

She instinctively knew that once this punch was implemented, she would definitely die.

Seeing that the overall situation has been settled, Yuan Yutang is about to kill the female devil head.

Sudden change occurred again.

Yuan Yutang keenly felt two strong fluctuations suddenly erupted behind him.

From the corner of his eye, he found that the first thing that appeared was a rainbow-like unparalleled sword light coming from the jungle, aiming at the heart of his back, obviously trying to kill him.

What erupted afterwards was a majestic and solemn Buddha's light.

The Buddha's light shines everywhere, like a bodhisattva manifesting his holiness, which is sacred and cannot be desecrated. When the indestructible and fierce sword light meets the resplendent Buddha's light, it melts like snow, and disappears before it can hurt Yuan Yutang.

Although the crisis was resolved, it also affected Yuan Yutang's mind, causing him to stop his punches a bit, and finally the desperate female devil finally found a fleeting glimmer of life.

With a swish, the terrified female devil hastily retreated dozens of feet before she dared to stop, she was completely different from the arrogance she showed when she repelled Zhong Lihan.

Yuan Yutang regretted not being able to kill the witch with one punch, but soon he adjusted his mentality and prepared to meet the real enemy.

"I knew there was deceit in it. A master-level martial artist can't even block the ghostly wind from the sky. I didn't expect you to act so lowly, just to ambush me?" Yuan Yutang pointed at the dense forest angrily, and cursed awe-inspiringly.

A chuckle came from the forest, and then a blind figure of Angzang walking slowly, carrying a big iron sword.

The identity of this person is about to be revealed, isn't it the blind ranger Zhong Lihan who was blown away by the female devil's head?

Looking at the trembling big iron sword on his shoulder, it is self-evident where the sword light that attacked and killed Yuan Yutang just now came from.

"Hehe, I met my little brother again~" Zhong Lihan greeted with a simple and honest smile, his expression was as usual, and there was no embarrassment of his conspiracy being exposed in court.

Yuan Yutang grinned angrily, wanting to rush.

He hated cheating the most in his life, Zhong Lihan dared to tease and applaud him, so he should be mentally prepared to bear his anger.

Zhong Lihan was so shameless that he secretly communicated with the monster and set up a joint plot to kill him.

If it hadn't been for Bai Yun's timely attack, which had deflected the murderous intent in a matter of seconds, otherwise he would have suffered the sword light that sneaked up just now, and he would have lost his skin if he didn't die.

"Benefactor, don't be impulsive." Bai Yun suddenly stopped in front of Yuan Yutang, and said pointedly, "The Lord has not appeared on the stage yet, so we can't get confused first."

"Haha, you are indeed a person of great fortune who can attract the celestial phenomena to harmonize the Tao and tame the thunder badger. The little brother is indeed blessed and blessed. I didn't expect that a young monk next to me was actually a high-ranking monk, which made the Sa family carefully plan the perfect killing. It's really a pity that the success fell short." Zhong Lihan sighed shamelessly, as if he was very familiar with Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang narrowed his eyes, the veins on his forehead throbbed violently, the anger that had just been suppressed showed signs of getting out of control, and it took him a while to calm down.

The brain quickly began to analyze, countless broken clues were connected in series, and the truth gradually surfaced.

From the news of Anshan being stolen by a demon from the strong mouth, to Zhong Lihan's deliberate approach to gain favor, and finally to Zhongli Hantu's wonderful surprise attack, a series of seemingly coincidental plots are connected together, which is obviously a conflict. He came to kill the game.

The mastermind behind the scenes had already studied his character thoroughly, and he had exhausted his plans everywhere, but Yuan Yutang escaped only by omitting the existence of Baiyun.

Such a dangerous person hides in the dark and plots against him, Yuan Yutang feels restless when he thinks about it.

Even if he was full of anger, he could only endure it until the black hand behind the scenes showed up.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang didn't respond, Zhong Lihan continued to scratch his head and said with a silly smile, "Hehe, little brother, aren't you a Taoist disciple? How can you listen to everything the little monk says? Could it be that you are going to rebel against the door and repay the Buddha's thigh instead?"

Tsk tsk tsk, Yuan Yutang's anger surged rapidly, almost breaking his defense again.

Unexpectedly, Zhong Lihan, with thick eyebrows and big eyes, had an honest face, and was so proficient in speaking of yin and yang and weird words, every word was heartbreaking, and he was so angry that he didn't pay for his life.

Just as he was about to continue teasing Yuan Yutang, Zhong Lihan seemed to have sensed something, raised his head to 'stare' at the sky, and reluctantly closed his mouth.

call~

A huge shadow swept across the sky at high speed, soaring fast in the air, the air seemed to be ignited, and a strong pungent burning smell filled the sky and the earth.

Yuan Yutang and Baiyun looked dignified, and each secretly said in their hearts, "Come on!"

huh huh huh~

Amidst the heavy flapping sound, a huge monster slowly landed, and the terrifying coercion like a mountain raged. The skeleton ghosts who had been reduced to the background board wailed and fell to their knees, as if devout believers welcomed the demon king to come into the world.

Huge and fat body like a hill, smooth red fur like fire, a pair of pale fierce eyes without emotional fluctuations, its appearance is 70% similar to the Chinese national treasure panda on earth, a pair of huge bat wings covering the sky, There are sparks of disillusionment in the breath of blood.

This is obviously a winged blood bear more than three feet tall, that is, a red mutant panda.

On the head of Shengyi Xuewei sat an arrogant young man in fine clothes.

The female devil who had escaped from death knelt down tremblingly among the skeleton ghosts, and whispered in fear, "This servant has seen the young master."

The young man in Chinese clothes raised his eyebrows coldly, and only after a while did he spit out a cold sentence:

"Trash, I messed up this trivial matter, and I will settle accounts with you in the future!"

After finishing speaking, he turned his gaze to Yuan Yutang, who was facing a formidable enemy, and asked an inexplicable question through gritted teeth.

"Little ghost, do you still remember Lin Erhu who died in vain by Lake Jagar?"


		