

There is no doubt that Situ Shanu came from a prominent background.

Otherwise, he would not have been an official at a young age to guard the Tongshan Pass, one of the four major passes in the world, um, one of the five major passes.

But just because he is young, his talent cannot be ignored.

Although he came from a wealthy family, Situ Shanu is not a playboy who talks about war on paper.

On the contrary, he has studied military books since he was a child, is proficient in bows and horses, and is no younger than anyone else in the army.

Joined the army at the age of thirteen, and was selected as the most dangerous and elite scout unit of the frontier army at the age of fifteen. Until now, at the age of twenty-three, he has spent ten years in the military, and has gone through hundreds of battles and survived many times. A total of three hundred and fifty-seven enemy bandits were beheaded, literally a hundred people beheaded.

Such an outstanding achievement, among the noble children of the Manchu Dynasty, is also a piece of scorpion shit poison (only).

He prefers to go to the front line and lead soldiers to fight instead of sitting in the back and strategizing.

Originally thought that there would be no chance to go to the battlefield in person after taking office as the guarding general, but he didn't expect that the world would fall into a good opportunity.

Then...

Have a blast!

As the sun sets, the snow field is vast.

"Boys, follow me, kill those Jian slaves, join the reinforcements in the rear, and go to the artillery camp in the north. This battle is over!"

Situ Shanu took the lead and rushed out of the secret gate of the city first. He rode his horse and raised his sword with great vigor.

A thousand elite Great Xia dragon riders behind them were heavily armored, and the horses and horses were all heavily armored. The thousand people moved in unison, speeding up silently, like a tiger descending a mountain, rushing out in a row.

rumbling~

The heavy and dense sound of horseshoes seemed to shatter mountains and rivers, splashing boundless snow foam, which gradually rose with the wind.

"kill!"

Situ Shanu yanked down the grimace mask of the lion-headed silver helmet, covering his handsome face, and squeezed tightly on the horse's belly. The sweaty BMW under his crotch held its head high and hissed sadly, and sprinted with all its hooves, followed closely behind by a thousand cavalry , like a torrent of steel, sweeping towards the turbulent enemy line mightily.


Yuan Yutang fell into the biggest crisis ever.

Although he caused great turmoil to the rear of the wolf clan at the beginning, taking advantage of the chaos and beheading hundreds of banner men, his good luck ended here.

The army of wolves criss-crossed the world, with fierce generals like clouds and fierce soldiers like rain. I have never seen such a big storm, and it would be messed up because of this small scene.

Soon some generals came forward to appease the morale of the army and quell the riots. At the same time, they also realized the danger of Yuan Yutang, so they did not dare to underestimate them and sent the most elite warriors to intercept them.

A Niulu heavy-armored firecracker and three-standard gold-armored Ba Yala bucked the trend and came to attack.

The organization system of the wolf tribe is different from that of the Great Xia Dynasty. The firecrackers with the most destructive power are used as heavy armored soldiers. They are generally used to deal with the infantry phalanx formed by the Xia people, and the golden armored Ba Yala is one of the best. It is not an exaggeration to say that the elite of the elite is the strongest special forces of our time.

At this time, gathering the two most powerful troops to deal with Yuan Yutang together is undoubtedly the extremely high respect given to him by the general of the wolf clan.

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang didn't want this kind of respect.

A volley of heavy arrows shot like rain, Yuan Yutang dodged from left to right in embarrassment, only to avoid it.

Before he could catch his breath, his heart was beating wildly with vigilance.

As soon as he looked up, he saw hundreds of black guns pointed at him.

For the first time, Yuan Yutang felt that death was so close to him, his back was soaked in cold sweat instantly, and his brain froze involuntarily.

Mr. Cheng, a famous martial arts master in the previous life, was shot to death by the Eight-Power Allied Forces. Do you want to follow in the footsteps of that Bagua Zhang master?

Fortunately, he is not fighting alone. Chitu is more sensitive to danger than him, and when he senses the crisis, he responds immediately.

Hearing a loud hiss, the Chitu suddenly accelerated, like a mass of walking flames, changing direction and rushing towards the still-uncalmed enemy formation.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

The dense crisp sound like firecrackers suddenly exploded, and hundreds of projectiles carrying deadly kinetic energy were propelled by the gunpowder and shot out like lightning.

People who have not faced hundreds of gunfire salvos at close range will not be able to understand the horror that penetrates the bone marrow. Even if it is only the most primitive matchlock gun, it is still extremely thrilling.

Blessed by God, Chitu managed to dodge such a dense hail of bullets. Most of the bullets fell through the air, leaving holes in the ground, mud mixed with snow, and thick white smoke of sulfur rising into the sky, like a fairyland.

A few projectiles missed the auxiliary vehicle, and a dozen unlucky ones were put down under the guns of friendly soldiers, lying in a pool of blood and wailing in pain.

Even if he escaped, Yuan Yutang's heart still beat wildly.

The feeling of brushing shoulders with death was too horrifying, as if a basin of cold water had been poured over his head, cooling down his feverish mind.

No wonder personal bravery declined in previous lives. With the development of hot weapons, it will inevitably become an entertainment item for physical fitness.

Even a warlock with extraordinary strength still has difficulty showing his prestige on the battlefield, and his life may be in danger if he is not inferior.

unless……

Unless it is the legendary master of true cultivation, it is possible to determine the outcome of a battle...

Suppressing his palpitations, Yuan Yutang restrained his mind, galloped his horse left and right, and with the cover of dense crowds, he made sure not to expose himself to the enemy's guns.

As for turning around and fighting the Fireball Team?

Hehe, that's something a superman can do, and it has nothing to do with him being a little warlock.

The firearms team has lost its place of bravery in the attack and killing, and it is time to become the golden armored Bayala to show its power.

There are a total of 60 people in the three-standard gold-armored Ba Yala, led by a burly wolf man, who played sign language. The well-trained Jinjia Ba Yala soldiers immediately understood the commander's intention, broke them into pieces, and divided them into six teams to pursue Yuan Yutang. go.

Just as he bumped into a few bannermen blocking the way, Yuan Yutang became vigilant. He felt a bad wind blowing from the back of his head, and he dodged sideways hastily, performing a perfect stunt of "hiding in the stirrups" in high-speed movement. .

choke!

A lightning-fast cold light swept across the sky, Yuan Yutang's eyes widened suddenly, a few inches of hair couldn't be dodged, and it was cut off directly, scattered into flying catkins.

"Hiss~"

Yuan Yutang gasped, feeling that he had met a formidable enemy.

What a fast knife!

If you hide slowly, your head will probably be chopped off!

The sneak attacker followed the steed a few steps forward, then miraculously reversed direction, turned around and slapped the horse fiercely.

Surviving a near death, Yuan Yutang suddenly burst into a wave of evil fire, turned over and climbed onto the horse's back, and slashed at each other with the horizontal knife.

Bang!

The loud noise of exploding eardrums shocked the audience, and the two sides who were facing each other couldn't help but retreated back and forth.

Yuan Yutang was completely shocked. In his previous life, he practiced Muay Thai hard for more than ten years, and his strength was already impressive. In addition, he had mana to nourish his body recently. Although he was seriously injured, his strength was by no means invincible to ordinary people.

It was really unexpected that that golden-armored enemy general could compete head-on with him.

The shock in Jinjia Ba Yala Bing's heart was stronger than Yuan Yutang's. You must know that he is no ordinary Ba Tulu comparable, tearing tigers and leopards raw, and killing bears with his hands is not unusual. Be able to fight against yourself without losing the wind.

Seeing that Yuan Yutang's whole mind was being drawn by Jinjia Ba Yala, several alert bannermen immediately had evil thoughts in their hearts and tried to sneak attack Yuan Yutang to make meritorious service.

Several knives and guns suddenly attacked Yuan Yutang's back.

But he didn't want Yuan Yutang to suddenly turn around and slash as if he had eyes in the back of his head.

A chain of horses disappeared in a flash, and the sneak attacking Qi Ding was shocked to find that the weapon in his hand and his body were divided into two, and he lost his life in boundless fear.

The moment Yuan Yutang returned to defense, the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers moved again!

The body is like lightning, the distance of a few steps can be reached in an instant, and the knife is like light, swiftly and smoothly slashing towards Yuan Yutang's blind spot.

"I knew you wouldn't let go of this good opportunity!"

Yuan Yutang yelled in vain, he shook his wrist and drew the saber back, as if hiding a saber in his sleeve, he hit the golden-armored Ba Yala soldier's blade with precision and no doubt.

The two steel knives collided again, gaps were formed in each other, they were perfectly inlaid, and they were entangled together to death.

The strong shock force made both of them cry secretly, their arms numb.

It's just that the enemy has not yet fallen, so they all held on and vowed to overwhelm the opponent.

For a while, neither of them could overwhelm the other, and they wrestled with each other holding their breath, and the battle situation fell into a stalemate for a while.

All of a sudden, a smirk appeared on the rough and dark face under the golden helmet of the golden armored Baya soldier, and Yuan Yutang quickly realized it.

Now he goes deep into the enemy's rear alone, and the enemy is everywhere, and murderous intentions are everywhere.

A stalemate represents absolute danger. God knows when and where a knife will emerge and take his life.

You must get out as soon as possible, otherwise you will definitely die if you delay any longer!

In view of this, Yuan Yutang felt ruthless in his heart, and while trying to muster his strength, he was secretly preparing to transfer mana at all times. He was in such a hurry that he had to use the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain' to escape.

Jin Jiaba Yala Bing noticed Yuan Yutang's intention to get away, and suddenly suppressed his red face and exerted pressure, even if he couldn't completely overwhelm him, he still wanted to buy time for his colleagues to come here.

If this child is not removed today, it will definitely be a serious problem in the future!

Yuan Yutang was so anxious that he couldn't decide whether to stay or not, and he couldn't help but regret that he was too rash and put himself in danger.

Whoosh!

Three whistling sounds exploded through the air.

Yuan Yutang heard the ghosts of the dead, it was the sound of armor-piercing heavy arrows unique to wolf soldiers, there is no doubt that they were all aimed at him.

The matter has come to this point, and it can no longer be hidden.

Gritting his teeth fiercely, Yuan Yutang decided to activate the magical power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain' immediately.

However, good luck never comes without double, and misfortune never comes singly. When one bad luck happens, more bad luck will follow.

Only when he dared to mobilize his mana, Yuan Yutang felt a tearing pain coming from his body, and the mana suddenly stopped, forcibly interrupting his supernatural power.

What's even more unfortunate is that he relaxed in vain under the severe pain, and his strength receded like a tide, and he could no longer resist the pressure from the golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers.

Jin Jiaba Yala Bing suddenly felt that Yuan Yutang's strength had weakened, he couldn't help being overjoyed, he drew back his saber with a smirk, and slashed at his neck with his backhand.

In the front, there are golden-armored Ba Yala soldiers attacking, and in the back, there are cold arrows raging.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang was on the verge of death, and his heart couldn't help sinking to the bottom of the valley.

Just when Yuan Yutang was in despair, a figure as swift as the wind jumped out of the enemy's formation suddenly, and with a single blow, he decapitated the golden-armored Ba Yala soldier, and turned around to block the three incoming cold arrows with his shield.

"Hahaha, strong man don't panic, a certain Situ Killer is here!"


		