

The seventeenth year of Taikang in the Daxia Dynasty, March 20th.

It is advisable to sacrifice, destroy houses, and avoid swords and killing.

A falcon flew across the sky and looked down, only to see the hustle and bustle below, the banners fluttering, and the shadows of people.

A fierce offensive and defensive battle is underway.

Tongshan Pass does not refer to a single pass, but includes the Tongshan Mountains area of ​​the northeast branch of the Anlan Mountains. There are five major passes, Juhe, Shangchong, Yuema, Feiluan, and Tongshan, which together form a complete defense chain of the Northeast Gateway. , easy to defend and difficult to attack, has been an important military town for the Xia people to resist foreigners since ancient times.

Among them, Tongshan Pass, as the first gateway of the Saibei Corridor, has an extremely superior geographical location, surrounded by mountains, and has underground water sources inside. There is a long-term guard (about 10,000 people) full of elite soldiers, which can be described as impenetrable.

The new wind is like a knife, and the snow is thousands of miles away.

Located on the outermost periphery, Tongshan Pass, whose city wall is more than twelve feet high, is under fierce attack from the enemy.

Boom boom boom!

Ten miles to the north of Tongshan Pass, a loud noise erupted suddenly in the dense forest of Baitoupo, followed by dozens of dazzling fireballs with ear-piercing screams that rose into the air in vain.

rumbling~

More than half of the fireballs hit the thick city wall built of diamond rocks, and immediately the mountains shook and the gravel fluttered. Dozens of soldiers hiding behind the female wall were crushed and turned into flesh without a word, and their stumps flew away. Sprinkle, bloody and glaring.

Under the city wall, the ants-like enemy army is charging desperately. Dozens of ladders are hooked on the city wall, and there is a steady stream of sturdy enemies with swords in their mouths, desperately climbing wildly.

The enemy's rear is constantly bursting out with dense arrows, like locusts in the sky, trying to suppress the rise of the defenders on the city wall and strive for a good opportunity for the friendly forces to seize the city.

The defenders on the city wall were not to be outdone, they threw gold juice, boiling oil, lime, bricks and other materials that could be used, wantonly throwing them down like money. Let it climb to the top of the city.

From time to time, enemy soldiers on the ants attached to the ladder wailed and fell, and at the same time, more enemy soldiers stepped on the dead bodies of their colleagues and continued to climb.

This is a contest of courage and will, the two sides will not give an inch, and it is bound to be life and death!

There is a flat high platform at the highest point of Guancheng. It has a wide view and is condescending. It can have a panoramic view of every corner of the battlefield. The position is so high that the enemy's artillery arrows cannot pose a threat. It is an excellent command point.

With a black background and gold border, the banner of the black dragon sailing out to sea fluttered in the wind, and a group of senior generals in full armor surrounded a young man in gilded mountain armor and was watching the battle situation from a bird's eye view.

The young man's eyes are like electricity, his face is like a jade crown, his thin lips are tightly pursed, and his figure is as tall and straight as a pine. of the best.

"Shanzi battalion commander's spearmen attack to support the south wall!"

"Shenji Battalion Musketeers are ready to attack!"

"The artillery battalion of the Franc machine gun team concentrated their firepower to bombard the enemy troops in the city!"

"Ten rounds of continuous fire from each fort is bound to suppress the enemy's artillery formation!"

"Order the archers not to be stingy with the arrows, and kill the enemy stormtroopers freely!"


A series of military orders were issued from the mouth of the young general like flowing clouds and flowing water. From time to time, senior officers led the order to retreat, and it didn't take long for only the young general and a few veteran officers left on the high platform.

"General, this time the elite of the three banners of the Tushan tribe of the wolf tribe almost came out in full force. The situation is really abnormal, and there may be other plans..." A veteran wearing a flying tiger feather crown reminded worriedly.

The young general twitched his lips, and sneered disdainfully, "Whatever his plan is, if he dares to come to Tongshan Pass to provoke, if he comes, he will kill one general, if he comes, he will kill another pair of generals!

I'm afraid that he, Naimertai, doesn't have enough bannermen to accumulate military exploits for me, Da Xia Erlang! "

"General..." The old general waited to say more, but was interrupted by the young general waving his hand.

"Old general, don't panic. I would have known that the old general was worried that I would fall into the enemy's trap if I was new here." The young general said indifferently, "It's just that the old general underestimated me, Situ Shanu, right? I'm young, but Comparing military exploits, it is worthy of anyone, so rest assured, I will have my own measure."

Having said so much, no matter how many warnings the veteran has, he can only swallow them in his stomach.

In wartime, the general's military order is more important than anything else, and anyone who dares to question the command of the general will undoubtedly kill himself.

The young general Situ Shanu overlooked the sound of killing, the fierce battlefield filled with gunpowder, and the fierce fighting spirit was burning in his sharp eyes.

The Three Banners of the Wolf Clan Iron Army Tu Shanbu?

Others are afraid of you like a tiger, but in my opinion, it's just a bid to sell Seoul!

After this battle, the name of a certain Situ who killed slaves will definitely resound throughout the Great Xia!


More than ten miles away, vocal music was rotten in a luxury tent in the rear of Tushan, and a large banquet was held in the tent. Rich wine, meat, fruits and vegetables were served by slaves like flowing water, and gorgeous dancers from the Western Regions were dancing, which was a luxurious style of luxury and luxury. The tragic killing on the battlefield seemed out of place.

A burly figure like an iron tower, with his head shaved and only a few braids behind his head, was sitting on the chief tiger-skin chair, serving seven or eight people dressed in tulle. , a happy young maid.

The left cheek of the alien man is embroidered with a navy blue tattoo of Sirius Xiaoyue. Every time he moves the muscles on his face, the lifelike tattoo seems to emerge from his body, full of a primitive and wild bravery.

This person is one of the seven chief ministers of the wolf tribe, the leader of the three banners of the Tushan tribe, Naimertai who is known as the undead blue wolf king.

Here we want to focus on explaining the wolf clan regime structure.

The wolf clan originated from the Daliao River Basin in the north of the Great Wall, and lived in the old forests at the western foot of the Tianshan Mountains in poor mountains and rivers for generations.

Whenever the Chinese dynasties prospered, the wolf tribe would bow their heads and bow their heads, playing the role of a loyal vicious dog, and made a lot of contributions.

It's just that whenever the national power of the dynasty declines, the wolf clan will turn into ferocious bandits and plunder repeatedly, and because its base camp is hidden in the deep mountains and old forests, it is difficult for even the mighty Shenzhou dynasty to eradicate them. People's heart disease.

In the early years of Taikang, Tai Taihachi, the most ambitious hero in the history of the wolf tribe, noticed that the new emperor ascended the throne, the government was in chaos, and domestic natural and man-made disasters continued. Raised the anti-flag, wantonly annexed the surrounding tribal forces of all sizes.

In just seventeen years, the wolf clan has grown from a nascent regime to a behemoth that cannot be ignored. It invades the north of the Great Wall in the east, invades seventeen kingdoms in the desert in the west, and plunders thirteen tribes in the grassland in the north. .

The root of the wolf tribe's prosperity is the unprecedented political structure created by Taitaihachi - the system of seven chiefs governing the country, which is actually a kind of aristocratic republic.

The seven chiefs can be regarded as the seven strongest forces of the wolf tribe, and then the seven chiefs jointly recommended the nominal khan through the political meeting, which can command the whole clan on the surface, but in fact the seven chiefs mostly listen to the tune and not listen to the announcement. Each is independent, and unless it is a matter of survival of the wolf clan, Khan is only a leader in name.

The Tushan tribe is the top four powerful tribes in terms of military strength among the seven tribes. The chieftain controls the elite of the three banners under his command. It can be roughly divided into 300 people for one cattle record, five cattle records for one jiala, and five jiala for one There are 7,500 elite string-controlling people for each flag.

Naimertai, the chief of the Tushan tribe, has three banners of Zhenglan, Xianglan, and Qinglan. There are 22,500 regular bannermen and as many as 50,000 reserve bannermen.

Regardless of the small number of people, it is already a powerful military force that cannot be ignored.

At this time, the three banners of the Tushan tribe were all out to attack Tongshan Pass. It is no wonder that the veterans in the pass were worried.


Naimertai is thirty-five years old this year, and he is in the prime of his career. This man likes to use his soldiers to walk on the edge of the sword, and his style is extravagant. Even when he is marching and fighting, he does not forget to enjoy himself.

The atmosphere of the banquet was tense, and suddenly a tall man broke into the tent, stepped forward in armor, knelt down on one knee in front of Naimertai, clasped his fists in salute, and said, "Master Taiji, all the troops of Situ Shanu have been restrained. Can the next step be implemented?"

Taiji is the honorific title of the chief in the wolf language.

Naimertai was drunk between the twin peaks of the beautiful maidservant, his drunken eyes were blurred, he let the maidservant feed him wine and meat, and ignored the reports of his subordinates, as if he was happy and carefree.

Don't look at it as absurd, but if anyone dares to underestimate him because of this, he will definitely suffer a lot.

During the banquet, cups were pushed and changed continuously, and the general who came to report was like air, and was ignored by the collective.

The brave general was not annoyed, and waited patiently for a reply.

After a while, Naimertai hiccupped loudly, sat up straight, stared at a pair of drunken eyes, and muttered indistinctly, "Situ is arrogant and arrogant, and he just wants to make a name for himself. Grant his wish!"

After finishing speaking, he stretched out his hand and pointed at the general under the steps, "You, Ackley, Bentaiji will give you three Jiala troops from Zhanlan Banner, plus 10,000 auxiliary soldiers, can you hold the Tongshan Pass guards firmly in place? Seven days?"

Hearing the words, Ackley's breath suddenly became heavy, and he trembled excitedly, "The slave will definitely live up to Taiji's high expectations!"

"Hahaha~ Ackley is indeed the most brave coat of this Taiji, very good, very good!" Nam Ertai laughed loudly, and immediately jumped up, the drunkenness on his face disappeared, and he scolded Fang Qiu, " The Tongshan Pass is dangerous and the city is strong, so it would be unwise to attack by force, but it is the Northeast Road guarding the gateway to the northern part of the Great Wall, so there is no room for loss.

This station is going to use all the elite soldiers of the Tushan tribe to suppress the border, which will definitely make the other four pass chiefs panic.

Therefore, I concluded that the nearest Yuemaguan Xia army would come to help.

This time Bentaiji is going to eat the reinforcements in Trumpet Weng!

Come here, order all the ministries to pull out the stronghold and set up an army immediately, and must arrive at Trumpet Weng before dark tomorrow to complete the ambush. If you don't make it, you will be killed without mercy! "

Trumpet Weng is located between Tongshan Pass and Yuema Pass, with Songshan Mountains on both sides, and it is difficult for birds to cross. The whole terrain is like a fallen red wine glass. The only way to march is from the entrance of the handle, which is a natural ambush.

Sure enough, Naimertai had other plans, and he clearly wanted to attack Tongshan Pass, but in fact, he did not want to drink, and his real purpose was to eat the reinforcements supported by Yuema Pass.

Once the main force at Yuemaguan will be completely wiped out, the entire border defense chain will be in danger.

Just when the messenger in the account was about to go out to convey the military order, suddenly a wolf general in cotton armor rushed in and shouted in panic:

"Taiji, Mr. Taiji, something is wrong. There is an enemy attack in the rear. Situ Shanu took the opportunity to lead a thousand elite servants to go out and charge the battle. Now the left army is in chaos. Please, Mr. Taiji Instruct quickly!"

"What?" Namurtai was taken aback.

He tried his best, but he didn't expect the accident to come so suddenly, which completely disrupted his deployment. Immediately, he rushed out of the tent and rushed to the front line to take command.


		