

After another half day, Yuan Yutang finally arrived at the bottom of the well, and his heart, which was so nervous that it was about to pop out of his chest, finally calmed down.

He has always been curious about what kind of landscape it is under the well.

When you are really on the scene, even if you are mentally prepared, you can't help but be shocked by what you see.

Under the bottom of the well is a huge underground cave with winding paths, strange stalactites hanging on the top of the cave, strange stalagmites underground, and a vast underground river like the sea. Drove to the unknown depths.

Moreover, there is a large open-air cave on the top of the cave. The sunlight on the surface is projected down, making the cave hall gleaming like a magnificent palace, which is breathtakingly beautiful.

Yuan Yutang looked along the big iron chain, and could clearly see the center of the underground river at its end, where there seemed to be a lone island.

As soon as he came to the river, he found that the throbbing of the silver cross in his arms became more and more obvious, and the source seemed to point to the island in the middle of the river.

He wanted to find out, but he felt guilty for a while looking at the rushing river in front of him.

He had just experienced the horror of the treacherous sea, and now he felt inexplicably timid when he saw water.

In order not to cause trouble, he decided to fight hard.

The way forward is up to God to decide!

After tearing up the tattered trousers into strips, tied a deformed loincloth, put the blood-stained cassock and shoes and socks on his head, Yuan Yutang tremblingly walked into the river.

As soon as he stepped into the water, he was shocked all over.

The water is so cold!

This is not unusual, the underground river is hidden deep underground, without sunlight for a long time, the water temperature is naturally icy cold.

With a wobble, he gritted his teeth and walked forward.

Wow~

The rushing water rolled up the waves, and the invisible underwater objects were surging under the undercurrent. Yuan Yutang was nervous and looked around nervously.

This familiar scene seemed to make him dream back to the strange sea, as if ghosts might appear in the water at any time.

Fortunately, everything was overwhelmed, and the imaginary danger did not appear at all.

The island in the middle of the river looks quite far away, but in fact it is only a hundred feet away from the shore.

It didn't take long for Yuan Yutang to go ashore smoothly.

As soon as he stepped on the land, Yuan Yutang moved his body dancing and dancing, his face was bloodless, and he had just been in the water for a few minutes.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Almost frozen.

He put on the folded robe, shoes and socks when his body temperature recovered and he felt his body again.

The island is not big, and the top is barren. Yuan Yutang, who has excellent eyesight, seems to be able to see the end at a glance.

However, the strange thing is that there is actually a huge altar in the center of the island, which is in the shape of a pyramid. Wrap the entire altar.

buzz buzz~

The silver cross in his inner pocket no longer throbbed simply, but hummed directly, as if about to break out of sleepiness, so frightened that Yuan Yutang hastily covered it tightly.

Although he didn't know the origin of this mysterious cross, Yuan Yutang instinctively knew that it was a treasure and he must not let it fly easily.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang circled around the altar that occupied almost half of the island.

The entire island is about five miles in diameter, and the altar is a full two miles long, and the steps on each floor are two feet away, which is a bit ridiculously high.

The giant tree above the altar seemed to have absorbed all the nutrients in the soil, other than that, the entire island didn't even grow grass.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling puzzled.

Strange, such an obvious giant tree, why was it not found on the other side just now?

Forget it, maybe I didn't pay attention.

He grabbed the hanging roots directly and climbed up nimbly.

I don't know who built the underground complex. The buildings encountered along the way are either extremely high or extremely deep, which is completely unreasonable.

An hour later, the exhausted Yuan Yutang finally climbed to the top of the altar.

"Clam~"

Yuan Yutang lay down in an unsightly large font, panting heavily with his chest heaving violently.

He couldn't see the whole tree clearly under the altar just now, but now he was lying on the ground looking up at the unattainable towering tree, feeling his heart beating faster for no reason.

It seems that I am as small as an ant, maybe this is the feeling of oppression and powerlessness caused by the unequal size.

As he looked down, he couldn't help but let out a gasp.

It turned out that the giant tree was not directly rooted on the altar, but a gigantic boulder was hidden within the entangled roots, which was suppressed by the giant tree like a giant egg.

This discovery shocked him

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

He got up and hurried forward to check the situation.

There are many tricks here, and he doesn't want to overturn on carelessness.

When he got closer, he found that the boulder suppressed by the giant tree was actually a complete piece of rough emerald. Although it had been dusty for a long time, he could still see the green fluorescent light like flowing water looming inside.

Yuan Yutang was taken aback. Could it be that this huge rough jadeite, which is more than a mile away, is the legendary imperial green glass?

If this huge piece of rough jadeite can be brought back to reality, I'm afraid it can no longer be described as priceless.

The only flaw is that the extremely heavy giant tree has long ago oppressed the rough jadeite into cracks, and many roots have penetrated into the depth of the rough, directly destroying its unique perfection.

Yuan Yutang shook his head regretfully, and stopped paying attention to the rough jadeite. When he was about to go up the tree to find the source of the abnormality of the cross, he suddenly heard a strong heartbeat in his ears.

Boom, boom, boom!

In an instant, Yuan Yutang was like a frightened bird, his hair stood on end in an instant, and he put his back against the rough emerald stone to be vigilant about his surroundings.

The strange thing is that the heartbeat just appeared and then disappeared.

Yuan Yutang did not dare to relax his vigilance after learning from the Huadan female ghost when he went down the well just now.

Boom, boom, boom!

The treacherous heartbeat sounded again.

Yuan Yutang's face changed drastically, he jumped excitedly like a cat whose tail was stepped on, and retreated away from the rough jadeite.

He heard it clearly just now, the thunderous restless heartbeat suddenly came from inside the rough emerald stone!

"This..." Yuan Yutang was so shocked that he couldn't even speak.

I just compared the rough jadeite to a giant egg, but I didn't expect there to be living things inside.

What the hell, the strange stone is pregnant, the unknown creature in it can't be Brother Monkey, right?

Just as he was startled, there was a soft rustling of footsteps.

"Who, who is there, come out!" Yuan Yutang yelled sharply with his whole body tensed and his face ferocious.

As soon as the words were finished, a tall figure slowly walked out from behind an extremely thick rhizome.

The white hair is disheveled, haggard like wood, hunched over, holding a clay pot.

This is actually a legendary monster that has been making waves in the desert for many years...

'Sasha Po'! !

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		