

When Yuan Yutang walked out of the oasis, he discovered that the cracks in the valley leading to the outside world were almost buried by yellow sand.

After thinking about it, I was relieved.

It must be the aftermath of last night's desert storm.

Going out along the sloping sand dunes, what he saw shocked his mind.

I saw a huge winding ravine that looked like a painting by a god on the vast and endless desert. If you look down from a high altitude, it must be extremely magnificent.

This is the supreme power of nature, which can turn the vicissitudes of life into mulberry fields.

After feeling a lot of emotion, he continued on the road along the dry valley.

Near noon, Yuan Yutang suddenly noticed a jumping yellow color in the gap between the rock walls of the valley in front of him.

Upon closer inspection, it turned out to be a strange creature that looked like a sheep or a leopard, jumping up and down between the rock walls like an elf.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang seemed to smell the aroma of barbecue, and his eyes turned red.

Swallowing a mouthful of saliva, he followed quietly.

The deeper you go into the valley, the more magnificent the scenery becomes.

There are thousands of twists and turns of the winding path, two cliffs stand thousands of feet, and the surrounding rocks are in various shapes and colors are as red as fire. Every rock is like a beautiful painting. Being in it is like coming to a fairyland.

Yuan Yutang's mind is full of barbecue now, and he is in no mood to appreciate the uncanny craftsmanship of nature.

It got closer, until it was twenty steps away from the two-faced sheep and leopard, it still didn't find Yuan Yutang who was following like a fool.

Putting the water polo on a flat rock, Yuan Yutang bowed his body to accumulate energy, and when the sheep and leopards were shaking their heads and looking for food between the cracks in the rock, the waist bar suddenly exerted force, and the whole person was like a strong arrow Shoot out.

"Yo Yo~"

The sheep and leopard sensed the enemy's invasion, let out a shrill scream, turned around and wanted to run.

Unfortunately, it was too late.

Yuan Yutang drew a perfect semi-circular arc with his kick in the air, like a giant ax falling down, precisely hitting the mutton's slender neck.

Ancient muay thai ultimate move - windmill ax kick!

Amidst the bone cracking sound, the sheep and leopard's panicked eyes suddenly lost their expression, its body shook, and then fell to the ground with a bang.

Yuan Yutang didn't talk nonsense, he grabbed the sheep and leopard by a short horn on its forehead and dragged it away.

Finding a relatively open flat ground, he left the sheep and leopard and went to pick up dry firewood and dead wood that could be used for fire, and retrieved the life-saving water polo along the way.

As the bonfire rose, Yuan Yutang had no tools at hand, so he had to disembowel the sheep and leopard with his bare hands, and then fixed the processed sheep and leopard on the wooden grill.

He was so focused on grilling that he didn't notice that the blood stains left by the goats and leopards were strangely absorbed by the underground rock formations.

It was hard to wait for the food to come out of the oven, and suddenly there was a violent tremor in the ground, like an earth dragon turning over.

"Damn it, an earthquake?" Yuan Yutang uttered a foul word in shock.

Since wandering alone in the desert, his mentality has inexplicably started to fly, so that he has become more and more free-wheeling.

boom~

The next moment, a crack appeared in vain, spreading towards him at an extremely fast speed.

Not even caring about the fat barbecue, Yuan Yutang hastily rolled and hid aside, so as not to fall into the crack.

Immediately afterwards.

"Aww~"

A low-pitched roar came straight down, and Yuan Yutang, who was still in shock, saw a blur in front of his eyes, and saw a red lightning burst out from the crack, and swallowed the fragrant and oily fresh roasted lamb leopard in one gulp.

This scene directly broke Yuan Yutang's defense.

I've been busy for a long time, and I didn't even eat the hot food, and I snatched the food as soon as the shit came.

Too much deception!

As soon as his temper flared up, Yuan Yutang didn't care what the red lightning was, he picked up a stone the size of a watermelon, and rushed forward screaming to seek justice for himself.

Xu Mijian, when he saw clearly what the red lightning was, he immediately stopped, turned around and ran back without saying a word.

That red lightning bolt was actually a giant monster insect with red body and horns two feet away.

Didn't they say that the desert is a restricted area for creatures? Why are it full of terrifying monsters!

Yuan Yutang's face was livid, and he didn't want to stay for a moment.

That giant red monster is not easy to mess with just by looking at it, how can it care about what is fair and injustice?

Sorry, goodbye!

Just because he doesn't want to provoke the red monster, doesn't mean the red monster is willing to let him go.

After all, with the size of the red monster, a mere sheep and leopard is not enough to fit between its teeth.

It's all here, how can I let go of Yuan Yutang's delicious 'food'?

"Aww~"

The red monster slammed heavily on the ground, causing violent tremors, and then snaked away like a snake, chasing Yuan Yutang at top speed.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Sensing the strangeness behind him, Yuan Yutang was so frightened that he immediately changed his straight-line escape route and ran to the gap between the rugged rock pillars, intending to use the complicated environment to get rid of the red monster.

Boom, boom~

It's a pity that his strategic intentions are doomed to fail, the huge red monsters don't care, and rampage between the rock pillars, the seemingly hard rock pillars can't even slow down for a moment.

Such a terrifying momentum frightened Yuan Yutang even more so that he dared not turn his head.

Chasing and chasing, Yuan Yutang was using the cover of the rock pillar to turn and run, while the red monster was wading in a straight line, and the distance between the two was irreversibly eliminated.

Seeing that he was about to be overtaken, Yuan Yutang was about to turn around and fight to the death.

He suddenly discovered that there was a narrow cave in front of the left just enough for one person to pass through.

Before he had time to think about it, Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and sped up, rushing towards the entrance of the cave.

As soon as the front foot stepped into the cave, the red monster slammed into it with the back foot.

rumbling~

A strong air wave knocked Yuan Yutang to the ground, and the gravel at the entrance of the cave fluttered, as if it was about to collapse. The huge impact was also mixed with the angry roar of the red monster.

Yuan Yutang's face was pale, and he ran desperately into the depths of the cave.

After an unknown amount of time, the sound of crashing and roaring gradually subsided before Yuan Yutang dared to stop.

"Ho ho ho..."

His chest heaved violently, his heart was beating wildly, Yuan Yutang gasped heavily, his eyes filled with fear.

This ghostly place is really murderous every step of the way, if you are not careful, you will die, what a motherfucker!

After breathing for a while, Yuan Yutang had the leisure to look around.

He was inexplicably terrified at just one glance.

In the depths of the cave is obviously a man-made corridor, the rock walls on both sides are abnormally flat, and at intervals there is a fist-sized luminous pearl emitting dim light, leading to the unknown abyss.

What's going on here?

Could it be that I accidentally stumbled into some weird place?

Fearing that the red monsters were still watching outside, Yuan Yutang had no choice but to explore the depths of the corridor.

Yuan Yutang, who has eaten the meat of the alien beast Henggong, has his own night vision attribute, which is enough for him to see clearly even if the surrounding light is dim.

As it goes deeper, the human traces become more and more obvious.

Clear giant murals began to appear on the walls of the smooth corridor.

There are as many as eighteen pieces.

The first one records the rise of a reckless hero from herding sheep, and the seventh one is all about his invincible achievements.

This is very common. Many similar murals were unearthed in the frontiers of the Huaxia Kingdom in the previous life, which are similar to autobiography.

Therefore, Yuan Yutang boldly guessed that this place is probably the mausoleum of an ancient king of the Western Regions.

It was only from the eighth mural that the painting style began to become weird, as if it had jumped from a war movie to a horror movie all of a sudden.

After that reckless hero dominated the invincible hands in the Western Regions, he began to enjoy life extravagantly, and even began to pursue immortality.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but shook his head, secretly thinking that he was wishful thinking.

In this world, there has been an unwritten law since ancient times.

That is, the emperor cannot live forever!

It must be known that the emperor is already the pinnacle of power in the world, and he has his own destiny to protect him.

However, there are gains and losses. While enjoying the protection of the destiny, the emperor will inevitably pay some price.

No one can say exactly what the price will be, but one thing is certain.

No matter how outstanding his achievements were during his lifetime, the emperor of the world must not live to be more than a hundred years old!

Perhaps this is the check and balance of the law of heaven, there are gains and losses, and it is in line with God's will.

That's why Yuan Yutang laughed at the wishful thinking of that unknown overlord of the Western Regions.

The following mural records also confirmed the iron law. The overlord of the Western Regions searched for immortality recipes extensively, and spent half his life without finding anything.

It was when the overlord was about to die of old age with regrets, the arrival of a person rewrote his fate.

It was a stalwart man in Confucian shirts with a distinct Central Plains aura.

The man gave the Overlord a pill before his sickbed.

After taking the elixir, the dying overlord suddenly became vigorous and fierce, as if he had returned to his youth all of a sudden.

In order to thank his benefactor, the overlord presented the three most precious treasures in the country.

After the stalwart man received the rare treasure, he flew away in the clouds and fog, leaving behind the grateful overlord and the people of the whole country to kneel down and respectfully send it off.

The good times didn't last long, and it didn't take long for the Overlord's body to mutate. Not only did his body grow wildly, his mind gradually lost, and finally he turned into a huge and terrifying troll.

The troll was struck to death by a thunderbolt when he ate up all the people in the country.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

At this point, the record of murals ends.

Yuan Yutang was dumbfounded, his back was wet with cold sweat, and his heart was filled with turmoil.

Although the murals only use simple lines to outline the image of a stalwart man, Yuan Yutang can still recognize him at a glance.

Isn't that stalwart man exactly the Zhuge Tianji he was looking for so hard?

It's terrible.

With just a flick of the finger, a powerful country in the Western Regions that could threaten the Central Plains was wiped out, and even took away the three most precious treasures.

Is this the strategy of Zhuge Tianji, who is known as the most wise man in the world?

Horrible, really terrible.

For a moment, Yuan Yutang empathized with him, as if he, like the last overlord whose country was destroyed, was just an insignificant pawn in Zhuge Tianji's layout.

From the moment of entering the game, life and death are in the hands of Zhu Tianji.

But soon Yuan Yutang adjusted his mood, smashed the last mural with a punch with a blank face, and whispered, "Old man who is dead but not stiff, I don't believe you are really so exhaustive, wait The moment I find out the truth is when you fall from the altar!"

At the end of the corridor is an unfathomable step leading underground.

Yuan Yutang walked down resolutely.


At the same time, Situ Hongyi and Naimertai walked tremblingly in the valley.

Before the faceless monster surrounded him, Situ Hongyi finally made a difficult decision, and decided to give in to the 'digging problem' and forcibly break into the valley.

Naimertai had no objection to this, and everyone set off quickly.

The thick smoke in the valley is even worse than that of the outside world, the visibility is extremely low, and there is also a strange trace of moisture in the dry heat. Walking in it is like being in a hellish hell.

Except for Situ Hongyi and Naimertai who could maintain their composure, everyone's hearts were tense.

However, unexpectedly, the trip went very smoothly, and the imaginary zombie attack disappeared at all.

After an unknown amount of time, the thick smoke in front suddenly dissipated, and a deserted ancient temple stood quietly in the dark valley.

When things go wrong, there must be demons. An ancient temple suddenly appeared on the barren and scorched earth. If there is no weirdness, they would not believe it if they were killed.

Naimertai glanced at Situ Hongyi, who had a gloomy face, and the meaning was self-evident.

To enter the temple, or to look back?

Situ Hongyi pondered for a moment, then gritted his teeth and ordered, "Enter the temple!"

Although everyone was uneasy, they did not dare to disobey Situ Hongyi's order, and stepped forward timidly.

I don't know how long this ancient temple has been deserted. Weeds are overgrown in front of the gate, and the gate has disappeared, leaving a dark gate that is as deep as the mouth of a giant beast.

The leader is a capable golden-armored Bayara warrior with a deep scar on his forehead, holding a steel knife and a short cat stepping forward.

Stepping up the cracked steps, stepping over the threshold full of erosion holes, until fully entering it, the attack that might appear at any time did not appear.

The scar warrior couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief, turned around and greeted back in his unskilled Daxia dialect:

"There is no danger for the time being, come in!"

Only then did everyone dare to enter.

Behind the gate is a wide courtyard with knee-high weeds, and further ahead is the dilapidated hall.

Situ Hongyi and Naimertai walked in the back. They stood in front of the threshold and looked at the lush weeds in and out of the courtyard thoughtfully.

Looking at each other, there was a tacit understanding that everything was silent, and then walked into the hall in silence.

The main hall has been corroded by the years, and it has long been dilapidated. The doors and windows are falling off, the walls are leaking, and even the statues enshrined on the stone base are missing. It is difficult to see what kind of temple this is.

"Listen up, my son thinks that 'Du Butong' might have been here. If you want to leave this ghost place alive, then you should go find the traces left by 'Du Butong'. There is hope of survival!" Situ Hongyi ordered arrogantly.

Although everyone was puzzled as to why Situ Hongyi was so sure that 'Dig Bu Tong' had come here, they also understood that now was not the time to challenge his authority, so they had no choice but to press puzzlement and form teams to search for clues.

Soon there were only Situ Hongyi and Naimertai left in the hall.

"Have you ever thought about a possibility." Namurtai stepped forward with his shoulders in his arms, and said in a deep voice, "The tomb robber you trust is the secret agent of your brother who planted by your side and deliberately led us here? "

Situ Hongyi smiled disdainfully, and said with a haughty smile, "Perhaps the Xia people are inferior to the werewolves in terms of bravery, but in terms of power struggles, you can't catch up with them. I need you to guide me in doing things?"

Naimertai twitched his face a few times, but didn't say much, and quietly found a corner to sit cross-legged and rest.

Situ Hongyi's face was as heavy as water, and there was a changing splendor in his eyes.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		