

Two hundred years ago in the Great Xia, a peerless demon was born. He called himself the Daoist Demon Bone, killed people and seized bones, and practiced evil skills. In the ten years since his appearance and fall, a total of more than one hundred thousand innocent people died directly or indirectly at his hands. The supreme power of the world.

Mogu's crimes are so horrendous that he provokes anger and resentment from the heavens and the people. In the end, he is besieged and suppressed by the Five Mountains and Seven Sects Zhenxiu Dana in Banyue Peak, Mingzhou, Tianshui Road, and he is on the spot.

However, although Daoist Mogu was punished, his self-created evil work "The Sutra of Ten Thousand Bone Demons" has been living among the people, and the torment is endless.


"Boy, you only know 'Jade Faced Rakshasa', but have you ever heard of 'Sitting King Kong'?"

Lin Er wiped the blood from his mouth, and said with a grin, "Hehe, King Kong sits on the ground, and people and animals are restless. How come I haven't heard of the famous demon hunter 'Sit King Kong' on the Northeast Road?"

After hearing this, Chen Lang laughed wildly, his skinny body suddenly made a violent sound like frying beans, and the loose and comfortable brocade robe was tightened in vain. With a strong terrifying momentum.

"Hahaha, I haven't stretched my muscles for a long time, so let's have a good time tonight!"

After finishing speaking, Chen Lang, who had changed his form greatly, stomped his feet, and immediately stepped on two big holes, shaking the snow foam on the ground, and immediately rushed towards Henggong Yu like a cannonball.

Linglong on the other side also stalked the horse, and Chen Lang besieged the Henggong Yu who had just stood up.

The Henggong Yu who was attacked was furious, and two huge fists like hammers slammed into the two attackers.

Chen Lang was unafraid, grinning ferociously and chose to challenge head-on, while Linglong made a strange turn in mid-air, lightly and gracefully avoiding the iron fist of the male fish, using her jade palm as a knife, and stabbing at its elbow like no human fireworks joints.

Boom!

A loud bang exploded, and Chen Lang, who was tough in the front, was pushed back more than ten meters away like a kite with a broken string. Linglong's palm knife wiped out bright sparks, but still couldn't break through the rock-solid crimson scales of Henggong Yu, and immediately pulled away keep away.

Linglong and Chen Lang's first wave of joint attacks retreated without success, and Heng Gongyu was unscathed.

"Hahaha, happy, come again!"

Chen Lang flipped to the ground with a nimble somersault, shook out his slightly sore fists, and made a comeback with a frenzied expression.

Linglong's face was full of solemnity. The strength of Hengmao was beyond her expectation. With a flicker of her figure, she swam quickly like a ghost, trying to find the weakness of Hengmao.

Having to be forced to enter the arena, Lin Er finally had a good chance to catch his breath, and hurriedly stepped aside to catch his breath, his eyes flickered, as if he was playing something wrong.

Frustrated one after another, Henggong Yu, who was already violent, almost exploded in anger. Seeing that Chen Lang dared to provoke him recklessly, he was furious, roared crazily, hammered the ground with both arms, and then stretched out his arms fiercely. Sweeping countless gravel splashed.

Those sharp gravels were swept away by the giant force of Hengmao, and immediately shot towards Chen Lang at high speed. Driven by its terrifying force, they were no less powerful than the projectiles shot by firecrackers.

With the help of the cover of those gravels, Henggong Yu ran wildly with teeth and claws, and rushed towards Chen Lang like a four-horse chariot.

Chen Lang only felt a blur in front of his eyes, and a violent storm of gravel was imminent. His heart beat fast, and he mobilized his mana violently, roaring, ""Bone-Strengthening Diamond Sutra"-Golden Bone Qi, block it for me!"

As soon as the words fell, the gravel came!

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

I saw that the clothes and muscles on Chen Lang's body became as thin as a cicada's wings in an instant, and the skeleton of the whole body burst into fierce brilliance. A translucent golden light suddenly formed, resisting the turbulent incoming gravel, and burst out with a deafening impact sound.

The gravel hit the golden light gangster full of holes, and it was easy to withstand this wave of offensive.

It's just that there was a wave of unrest and another wave. Although the bombardment of gravel was blocked, the male fish was also killed brazenly.

Chen Lang only had time to show a shocked expression, when he was hit by Heng Gong Yu with a thunderous force, the already weak golden light was immediately shattered, and the next second he flew out with a scream like being hit by a solid shell, Plowed a deep furrow in the snow.

"Roar~"

Finally venting the depression in his heart, Heng Gongyu raised his head and screamed, his fists beating his chest frantically, making a loud bang bang sound.

Suddenly, strange suddenly!

I saw seven or eight groups of distorted black shadows appearing in vain in the void around Hengmao Yu, falling on it silently.

Looking carefully, they turned out to be some hideous baby ghosts full of sharp teeth. As soon as they appeared, they opened their blood basins and gnawed wildly.

The rows of saw-like sharp teeth rubbed against the red scales to produce violent sparks, as if there was a strange corrosive force at work, leaving behind shallow marks.

"Aww~"

Heng Gongyu felt flustered for the first time, and shook his body violently, trying to shake off the ghost babies on his body.

However, the ghost baby is like a tarsus, no matter how the male fish is tossed, it will not let go.

Linglong quickly kneaded the formula and muttered words in her mouth, as if she was controlling the ghost baby in the air.

Seeing this, Lin Er couldn't help but exclaimed, "Invisible ghost baby, this woman really practiced the "Dead Infant Sutra"!"

As if Linglong could hear it, she glared at Lin Er fiercely, Lin Er suddenly became terrified, and did not dare to speak any more.

"Ahem..."

At this time, Chen Lang, who was knocked into the air, ran back with a dispirited expression, bleeding from his mouth and nose, and he was in a panic.

"Second brother, are you alright?" Linglong asked with concern.

Chen Lang shook his head with a sneer and said, "I can't die, please take care of the boss, wait for me to come and help you take down this beast!"

Although it was easy to say, Chen Lang had already suffered serious internal injuries when he was hit by Henggong Yu head-on.

Taking a few deep breaths, suppressing the severe pain in his body, Chen Lang rushed to Heng Gong Yu's body, and launched a violent attack like a storm.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

The male Hengyu was restrained by the ghost baby for most of his energy, and he didn't notice it for a while, but was instantly covered by afterimages of fists and feet all over the sky, and was ravaged like a sandbag.

crackle!

A thunderbolt suddenly flashed across the dark sky, followed by strong winds and dense clouds, and it seemed that it was going to rain heavily.

The more Chen Lang fought, the more excited he became, he even forgot about the pain, and his mind was only thinking about venting violence.

When he was directly above his head, a big palm-leaf fan suddenly caught his fist.

Chen Lang was startled, and looked subconsciously, but what caught his eyes was a pair of big eyes with extreme hatred.

Immediately after a flash in front of his eyes, Chen Lang heard a crackling sound, and then felt his world spinning.

After landing, Chen Lang was shocked to see that his body was still in place, and the neck cavity where he lost his head was spurting blood crazily. When he wanted to figure out what happened, the boundless tide of darkness swallowed him up.

"Roar~"

An extremely angry beast roar shook the sky.

The Heng male fish was covered in blood, bleeding from its seven orifices, like a ghost crawling out of hell.

At this time, the ghost baby was still gnawing on it with ants, but the Hengmao took a deep breath, his abdominal cavity swelled up, and then roared sharply again, a circle of transparent ripples visible to the naked eye suddenly exploded, and the surrounding snow was covered. Blow away.

"Wow~"

In the next second, as if struck by lightning, the baby ghosts screamed in agony and suddenly disappeared.

"Woo!"

The soul-connected ghost baby was injured, and Linglong also suffered a backlash. Her delicate body shook like an electric shock, she opened her mouth to spray a mouthful of blood, and inexplicably flew upside down and hit the big tree behind her, unable to stand up for a while.

Henggong Yu was so terrifying that he was even invincible to the famous "Jade Face Rakshasa" and "Sitting King Kong" together, and ended up with one death and one injury.

After forcing Linglong back, Heng Gongyu still couldn't let go of his hatred, he grabbed Chen Lang's stiff headless corpse with his hands, grabbed it with both hands and tore it violently, tearing it into two pieces forcefully, the colorful belly was smeared all over the ground , shocking to the extreme.

Seeing the fierce flames of Henggong Yu, the demon hunters watching the battle from a distance were extremely frightened. Under extreme fear, they turned around and fled in all directions, regardless of Linglong's threat.

Unexpectedly, the news of escaping caught the attention of Henggong Yu. The humiliation he suffered tonight has never been experienced in his life. How could he just kill a mere Chen Lang? go.

As if weightless, Hengmao walked on the snow like flying, and caught up with the last bald man in just a few breaths.

The souls of the bald man were all dead, and in desperation, he couldn't help throwing the precious French soldiers in his hands indiscriminately, trying to fight for a chance of life.

It was as strong as a scale armor that even the two of Linglong couldn't break through together, so how could they care about such an attack.

Heng Gong Yu ignored it and let the French soldier bounce off his chest, and chased up and smashed half of the bald man's body with a punch, and continued to hunt and kill the other monster hunters without even looking at him.

It really hates this group of people, and it will not let go of any living people present tonight!

Er Hu doesn't look stupid on the outside, but he is very good at playing tricks on the wind, and he will run away as soon as the situation is not good, so he runs the fastest.

But as he ran, he suddenly felt something was wrong.

There were constant screams behind him, and he hurriedly turned his head to look, almost losing his wits on the spot.

Heng Gongyu had already chased him not far behind, crushing a big scarred man's head to death, and behind him were corpses all over the ground, blood flowing like a river.

There is no doubt that it will be Erhu's turn next.

Blessings never come, but misfortunes never come singly.

The two tigers, who were full of fear, only looked at the rear, and one of them accidentally tripped over a stone under the snow in front of him, and fell sideways several meters away.

As soon as he landed, Erhu suddenly saw the shadows, and just about to beg for mercy, he was trampled on the head by a big foot wrapped in scales.

With a grin, the melon seeds of Er Hu's brain were trampled to pieces like overripe watermelon.

So far, all the demon hunters except Linglong were killed in battle.

This is the end of trying to get rid of the tiger's mouth. The greedy monster hunter must be eaten back by his own greed.

The strong smell of blood in the air made Henggongyu feel extremely comfortable, and he couldn't help beating his chest and screaming, showing off his bravery to his heart's content.

Linglong felt miserable, she didn't expect Henggong Yu to be so strong.

The matter has come to this point, it is useless to think too much, the most important thing now is to find a way to escape.

Inadvertently, from the corner of her eyes, Linglong saw Lin Er was touching the male Hengyu under the cover of the shadow, and she couldn't help but feel moved.

Lin Er still dares to covet Henggong Yu, so could it be that he still has a second hand?

If so, might as well work with it.

As long as he successfully captured Henggong Yu, the loss he suffered tonight would be nothing at all.

Thinking of this, Linglong hurriedly seized the time to recover from her injuries, and was ready to make a move at the critical moment.

crackle!

There was another thunderbolt across the sky, and the torrential rain that had been brewing for a long time finally poured down.

Heng Gongyu was only concerned about venting his depression, and the sound of rain was so dense that Lin Er touched him behind him without realizing it.

After a few steps away, Lin Er suddenly jumped out of the shadows, put his hands in his arms, and threw two black shadows at Henggong Yu.

Heng male fish subconsciously caught it, then froze suddenly, fell straight to the ground and twitched continuously.

"Hahaha, Daddy really didn't lie to me. The only thing afraid of the male fish, which is invulnerable to weapons, fire and water, is black plums!"


		