

In the seventeenth year of Daxia, August thirteenth.

Today, the east gate of Mulan County is open. The county lord, who has not shown his face for a long time, leads all the people out of the city to welcome them.

The reason for such fanfare is all because of one person.

a hero.

A hero who killed harm for the people!

Zuo Jindao happily sat on his horseback, and kept clasping his fists to salute the elders and fellow villagers pouring in from all around.

He had never been so beautiful since he was born.

Behind him is an ox cart, carrying a mutilated monster corpse, isn't it just a land fish that has been eaten to the bone?

The county lord, who was usually aloof, did not hesitate to condescend and condescend, and personally came forward to condolences to the demon-killing hero.

Zuo Jindao was flattered and hurriedly polite.

After a long commotion, he went all the way to the county government office to receive the reward.

Zuo Jindao shouted and hugged, his face turned red like drunk under the compliments of his neighbors, he just felt that it was worth it in his life to have such a bright moment.

However, he shirked the banquets of his friends one after another, and hurried back to his home in Shenshui Hutong without even caring about the meal.

A man, a horse and a small animal have been waiting for a long time in front of the door of my firewood.

"It's a sin to let my little brother wait for a long time." Seeing this, Zuo Jindao hurried forward to apologize.

Yuan Yutang replied with a chuckle, "It's okay, brother Zuo was admitted to the imperial examination today, but I'm being rude to bother you."

Zuo Jindao pretended to be angry, "Brother, what's the matter? If it wasn't for your righteousness to save me, I'm afraid Zuo would have become an unjust soul in the belly of a monster, and it's all because of my benevolence and righteousness. I don't hesitate to give you the soul, flesh and blood that are comparable to panacea. Me, your kindness to me is as great as a mountain, so polite words must never be said again!"

"Haha, it's so good, I'm not going to be polite."

"It should be like this, brother, please move in, Zuo has already booked a banquet, and I will not get drunk with my brother later!"

"Thank you!"

"Please!"


It has to be said that Zuo Jindao was doing quite well in Mulan County, and during the banquet, local ruffians kept coming to congratulate him.

Seeing that he was too busy, Yuan Yutang tactfully excused being tired and asked him to enjoy the highlights of life.

The houses in Zuojin Taoist homes are two-story tile houses. Although they are not so empty, they have nothing to do with wealth.

Among them, the East Wing was full of friends who came after hearing the news, shouting loudly, eating and drinking.

Yuan Yutang went to rest in the relatively remote West Wing.

Lu Xingyu is worthy of the title of "elixir", its meat has miraculous effects on injuries.

You must know that nearly 90% of Zuo Jindao's bones were broken last night. With such an injury, even if he is cured, he will be paralyzed for life.

But he didn't want to eat a few mouthfuls of fish, and he recovered overnight, which is really wonderful.

Compared with Zuo Jiandao, who had a mortal body, Yuan Yutang's injuries were not so easy to recover.

In order to get rid of the pursuit of the two monsters "Tu Que Sanren" and the magic painting scholar, he resolutely chose to blew up the celestial dragon, which was already hurting the root.

Although the meat of Lu Xing fish is infinitely wonderful, it will not be feasible overnight to heal such a serious injury.

And because the 15th day of the eighth lunar month is just around the corner, Yuan Yutang had to temporarily stay in a Taoist home near the left, and take the time to digest the meat of land fish to heal his injuries.

Sitting cross-legged on the pit, Yuan Yutang silently recited the "Stick to the Lingtai Sutra" from "San Mao Secret Code":

"Clarify the mind, hold the essence and keep the unity, keep the spirit and solidify the spirit, and you can ascend to the fairyland."

"Sanmao Secret Code" is indeed from the world-famous Sanmao sect of Taoism, a superficial "Stick to the Lingtai Sutra", which has the magical effect of concentrating the mind and consolidating the energy.

After only a few silent recitations, Yuan Yutang felt that the undigested land fish meat in his body was speeding up, and the injury was recovering several times faster.


There was nothing to say all night, and when Yuan Yutang opened his eyes again, it was already the time when the cock crowed the next day.

Gently exhaling a mouthful of turbid air mixed with a strong smell of blood, Yuan Yutang's eyes sparkled.

After a night of hard work, he has recovered nearly 50% of his strength.

It's a pity that time doesn't wait for me. Today is already August 14th.

If he didn't want to miss the opening of the Tianmen Pavilion, he had to rush to Duanhun Valley, seventy miles north of Liangzhou City, today.

With a faint sigh, Yuan Yutang got up and finished dressing, hugged the 'Brother Pingtou' who was sleeping soundly by the bedside, and was about to leave without saying goodbye.

Unexpectedly, Zuo Jiandao arrived just in time and was knocking on the door.

Yuan Yutang opened the door abruptly, making both of them stunned at the same time.

Zuo Jindao scratched his head in embarrassment, and said blushingly, "Good morning, brother, did you sleep well last night?"

Yuan Yutang smiled lightly, "Morning Zuo brother, I have to worry about work, I slept very soundly last night, but I have important matters to attend to, and I am about to ask Zuo brother to resign."

Hearing that Yuan Yutang was leaving, Zuo Jindao couldn't help showing embarrassment, hesitated to speak several times, and was at a loss for a while.

Yuan Yutang chuckled, "Brother Zuo, we are also friends in need, so you may as well speak up if you have something to say."

Zuo Jindao gritted his teeth, finally made up his mind, clasped his fists and bowed deeply, "Zuo really has something to ask, brother, please don't take offense."

"But it's okay to say." Yuan Yutang said with a gentle smile.

Zuo Jindao smiled wryly, and said slowly:

Guo Zhenzhu, a big family in the east of the city, has a jewel in his palm named Guo Zhenzhu. He is graceful and graceful, his face is like a peach blossom, he treats people kindly, and he is good at courtesies. She is the goddess in the hearts of all unmarried men within a hundred miles. No exception, I have been secretly in love with Miss Guo's family for a long time.

The reason why Zuo Jindao took the risk to hunt and kill Lu Xingyu was to get rid of his identity as a gangster and to be eligible to marry Miss Guo.

I never thought that when I was drinking last night, I overheard a strange thing from my partner.

It is said that Ms. Guo's family went out for an outing a few days ago, and when she came back, she suddenly fell ill. She visited famous doctors in the county and was helpless.

The doctor who had been to Guo's family had no intention of revealing that what Miss Guo's family suffered from was not an ordinary disease, but an evil spirit.

Knowing that his sweetheart was in danger, Zuo Jindao lost all interest at that time and was as anxious as an ant on a hot pot.

He was about to go to the temple overnight to ask the master for help, and he didn't remember it until he was leaving the house.

Yuan Yutang, a master of Taoism, lives in my own home, so why bother to look far away?

It's just that he doesn't have a deep friendship with Yuan Yutang, and besides, he only gave him the credit for his contribution during the day, so if he asks for help rashly, he will inevitably be suspicious of making progress.

Wandering outside the door all night without sleep, and finally ready to make up his mind to ask Yuan Yutang for help, the two just bumped into each other.


After hearing Zuo Jindao's request, Yuan Yutang smiled.

Forget it, a gentleman has the beauty of being an adult. Although the two meet by chance, if they can help Zuo Jindao embrace the beauty, it would be a merit.

Therefore, Yuan Yutang readily agreed to help.

It's just a word first, if things are too troublesome, he can't do anything.

After all, it is impossible for him to waste too much time here, and he needs to rush to Broken Soul Valley on the night of the full moon tomorrow to plan a big event.

Zuo Jindao was so ecstatic that he didn't even have time to eat breakfast, so he hurriedly dragged Yuan Yutang straight to Guo's house.

The Guo Mansion has a sophisticated family, and the two stone lions in front of the gate alone are worth a lot of money, obviously the family is extremely rich.

It's no wonder that a fool like Zuo Jindao can only stop there.

Knock on the door, and then inform the servant who opened the door of the purpose of coming, and soon a steward hurried out to greet him.

Judging by her posture, Miss Guo was clearly very ill.

When I came to the lobby, a middle-aged man dressed luxuriously and with an anxious face was walking back and forth with his hands behind his back. When he saw the steward bringing someone over, he was overjoyed to greet him.

Presumably this is the master of the Guo family, the father of the suffering master.

Seeing Yuan Yutang so young for the first time, Mr. Guo was stunned for a moment, and then he looked at Yuan Yutang calmly.

Yuan Yutang knew that he was underestimated, but he was not annoyed, he squeezed the magic weapon, and a cluster of swift and violent flames erupted from his fingertips.

This miraculous 'Lihuo Shengang' immediately dispelled Master Guo's doubts.

The overjoyed Mr. Guo didn't care about the politeness, and hurriedly brought Yuan Yutang and the two to the back room.

"Master, I beg you to save my daughter, the reward is negotiable~" Mr. Guo stood in front of a wing, begging with a sad face.

Yuan Yutang nodded, and He Xi said with a smile, "Poverty will definitely do his best, please rest assured, old man."

Master Guo sighed quietly, and pushed open the door.

Immediately, a strong smell of medicine came to the nostrils, making Zuo Jindao frown.

Yuan Yutang looked as usual, striding into the house.

In the room, the doors and windows were closed in broad daylight, the light was dim, and the surroundings seemed shadowy, and there was an inexplicably cold and gloomy atmosphere lingering.

A petite and exquisite figure could be vaguely seen curled up on a pink couch.

Yuan Yutang was bold and not worried about danger, so he went directly to the bed and looked around.

I saw a sickly young woman lying on the bed, her face was livid, her eye sockets were sunken, her hair that should have been smooth like a waterfall was withered like weeds, her brows were tightly furrowed, and she kept moaning weakly. It can be seen that the fate is not long, so it should be Miss Guo, the sufferer.

When Zuo Jindao saw his sweetheart dying of illness, he couldn't help feeling sad and wept in court.

Master Guo looked back and forth between Yuan Yutang and Zuo Jindao thoughtfully.

Yuan Yutang looked at it for a while, and couldn't help showing doubts.

Ms. Guo's illness is very strange, and it can basically be concluded that she was hit by an evil spirit.

To be able to torture a young man like this in a short period of time, that ghost must be very vicious.

But now Ms. Guo obviously has the yin energy left by the ghost on her body, but she doesn't see the ghost that is causing the trouble.

This is not in line with the common sense of evil.

Could it be that he ran into a special ghost again?

Yuan Yutang was puzzled and thought hard about a good plan. Master Guo saw his serious face and asked worriedly, "Master, my daughter's illness...is there any cure?"

While talking, he still didn't forget to give Zuo Jindao a look.

Zuo Jindao suddenly realized, and hurriedly followed up to persuade him.

Yuan Yutang hesitated for a moment, and said uncertainly, "Mr. Guiqianjin's illness is a bit weird, and I can't tell the truth for a while. Maybe go to the last place she visited before the accident, maybe there will be clues gone."

"Brother, I know where it is, I'll take you there!"

Before Master Guo could speak, the anxious Zuo Jiandao couldn't wait to volunteer to lead the way.

Yuan Yutang couldn't help but feel helpless when he heard the words.

This elm head is really dazed by the safety of his sweetheart, and he behaves so anxiously, even if he can really achieve good things with Miss Guo in the future, he will probably be depressed.

But these have nothing to do with him.

If you are entrusted by others and are loyal to others, let's take a trip.


		