

For three days in a row, the battle at Tongshan Pass continued.

It's just that the intensity of the battle was flat compared to the general strategy of Tu Shanbu's Three Banners three days ago.

Although the wolf army attacked desperately every day, leaving more than a thousand corpses each time, everyone in the pass clearly realized that the main force of the Tushan tribe had fled, and the rest was only a part of the force.

As for whether it was used to confuse the enemy and set up an ambush, or to block it from the rear, it is impossible to know.

The range of dozens of miles is full of wolf cavalry, and the scouts in the customs can't spread out, let alone spy on the news.

In the evening of that day, all the generals gathered in the political hall in the city to discuss important issues.

"Master Zongzhen, the main force of Namurtai has not shown up for three consecutive days, and this old man must have fled far away. This is the best chance to eat up the army! I dare to ask for instructions, and I will go out of the city tomorrow to fight against them!"

It was Tongshan Pass guerrilla general Huang Feilong who spoke.

Huang Feilong is a veteran of the Northeast Road. He has been on the battlefield for decades. He has a fiery personality. His three sons died in battle with the wolf tribe. He had a sworn feud with the wolf tribe. The flying dragon battalion under his command is very powerful. Off the backbone.

"I don't think it's right!"

Just as Huang Feilong came out with hatred in his eyes, clanging for the battle, a sullen voice suddenly sounded.

Huang Feilong glared angrily, only to see a general with a thin face and dark eyes standing up leisurely, turning a blind eye to the anger of Old General Huang, and said with a fake smile:

"As we all know, Naimertai is insidious and cunning in using his troops like a fox. It is unreasonable to send troops to invade the border this time in the early spring, and it is anticlimactic. It only took a day to hide quietly, and there is a strange atmosphere everywhere..."

After a pause, the shady general glanced at Huang Feilong pointedly, and said slowly, "...if Naimertai just wants to lure the snake out of the hole, and some unscrupulous people who don't care about the importance rashly take the bait, wouldn't it be the right thing to do?" ? If there is any loss in the pass city, we will die without apology~"

"You man, shut up!" Huang Feilong couldn't bear it anymore, he drew his knife and pointed at the general of prey angrily, growling with beard and hair trembling, "Liu Bu, if you don't speak clearly today, I will teach you to splatter blood on the spot!" !"

As Huang Feilong rose violently, the generals on the left also stood up with uneasy faces. These were all rising stars who had been promoted or taken care of by Huang Feilong, and they used actions to repay his kindness.

General Liu Bu sneered disdainfully, "Oh, General Huang is so majestic, those who didn't know thought you were the general soldier of Tongshan Pass, you really scared me to death~"

During the speech, the general on the right also stood up with a smirk and supported Liu Bu.

Liu Bu is the deputy commander of Tongshan Pass. He has worked in Tongshan Pass for many years and is very good at buying people's hearts. He controls the Shenji Battalion with a thousand firearms, and his strength should not be underestimated.

The two groups of people were clearly separated, and the smell of gunpowder was extremely strong, and they confronted each other tensely.

It is normal for the army to be surrounded by mountains, but in the face of the enemy, it is rare for conflicts to intensify to such an extent. It can be seen that the relationship between Huang Feilong and Liu Bu has reached the point where fire and water cannot be tolerated.

Boom!

A crisp loud noise broke the deadlock, and all the generals turned their heads in unison.

Situ Shanu, who was in the chief position, had a terribly gloomy face, and a pair of star eyes revealed terrifying murderous intent.

"Are you trying to rebel?"

Situ Shanu's tone was frighteningly calm, and the hot-headed generals of the two groups suddenly felt a chill in their hearts.

"I will ask you, yes, no, yes, want, rebel, rebel?"

Standing up suddenly, Situ Shanu looked around with his cold eyes like a knife, and the words popped out from between his teeth, all the generals were shocked, and the tense atmosphere full of gunpowder disappeared.

Seeing that General Situ was angry, Huang Feilong and Liu Bu didn't dare to do anything wrong, they glared at each other sternly, and sat down again angrily.

The rest of the generals breathed a sigh of relief when they saw that the backbone had confessed, they also hurriedly sat down, pretending that nothing had happened.

Situ Shanu has just made great achievements, and it is the time when his majesty is at its peak. Even if he feels dissatisfied in his heart, he must not confront him face to face, otherwise his head will fall to the ground, and his death will be in vain.

All the generals who can compete with the ranks present here are all human beings, so how could they do such a foolish business.

Situ Shanu snorted coldly, although he was dissatisfied, the threat of the wolf clan was imminent, and it was time to rely on everyone's concerted efforts to tide over the difficulties, so he could only write down this account and settle it later.

"Old General Huang!" Situ Shanu shouted Huang Feilong, who was still angry.

"The end is here!" Huang Feilong clasped his fists in a low voice and replied.

After thinking for a while, Situ Shanu squeezed out a smile, and said with a pleasant face, "I know that General Huang has a blood feud with the wolf clan, but military and national affairs cannot be taken lightly. Now that the situation is unclear, we must not leave the city for a decisive battle. I hope the old general can understand."

Huang Feilong's old face twitched a few times, and he replied quietly, "The last general... listen to the order."

After appeasing Huang Feilong, the smile on Situ Shanu's face disappeared, and he turned his head to Liu Bu and said in a deep voice, "Vice Chief Liu, I would have known that you were dissatisfied, but I hope you will put the overall situation first, and I will be able to bear with you. Once, it doesn't mean that I can tolerate you every time, so I can do it myself!"

After hearing this, Liu Bu showed annoyance, so he couldn't hold back without making any mistakes, and turned his head away with a cold snort.


Yuan Yutang sat behind the screen in the back hall, listening to the motives in the Yizheng hall, he couldn't help clicking his tongue secretly.

Is this playing the Romance of the Three Kingdoms?

Is it a joke to openly draw swords and confront each other at the sergeant meeting?

Moreover, the generals of Tongshan Guan will be separated from their virtues, and it is considered a high incense not to hold each other back. How can they work together to resist the invasion of wolves?

Can such troops also be used to garrison the Northeast Gateway?

It's been a long time since I saw you...

The military meeting broke up quickly, and Situ Shanu returned to the back hall with a sullen face. He picked up the kettle on the table in a muffled voice and poured it heavily. An ordinary man with a vegetarian meal! Being in a high position, he doesn't want to serve the country, full of bullshit intrigues, one by one relying on the old to sell the old because of their seniority, and they don't pay attention to me, the guarding general. "

It seems that the muddy water at Tongshan Pass is deeper than expected.

As an outsider, Yuan Yutang didn't like to interrupt, so he could only keep an embarrassed yet polite smile on his face.

After venting, Situ Shanu consciously lost his composure, forced a smile and said, "I made my brother laugh."

Yuan Yutang smiled without saying a word.

Situ Shanu hesitated to speak, waved his hands wearily and said, "I wanted to have a good meal with my virtuous brother, but it seems that I can't do it now, my virtuous brother should go back to the room to rest first."

Yuan Yutang was inexplicably puzzled and left. Situ Shanu had invited him to lunch at noon, but he didn't expect the generals to rush over halfway through the meal, so he had to hide in the back hall.

Not long after he left the house, five guards in armor and armed with knives suddenly appeared around the corner.

"Who is that, Mr. Liu, please go over there and come with us!" the leader of the scar-faced guard shouted domineeringly.

Yuan Yutang's face gradually turned cold.

No one in Tongshan Pass knew that Yuan Yutang was famous for breaking into the enemy camp single-handedly. When he went out to see soldiers on weekdays, most of them would be kind and respectful. He had never been treated so rudely.

Judging by the situation, it is clearly coercion instead of inviting people!

Reminiscent of what Situ Shanu had said before, Yuan Yutang instantly understood.

Feelings themselves were inadvertently involved in power disputes.

No wonder Situ Shanu specially told him to kill without mercy if he was provoked.

Mr. Liu?

Could it be Liu Bu, the deputy general?

You just lost face with Situ Shanu, so you can't wait to use me to stand up?

Hehe, are you bullying me that I have a shallow foundation? I'm afraid you don't have that good teeth!

After figuring out all the twists and turns, Yuan Yutang had the bottom line in his heart, and immediately said coldly, "What if I refuse?"

Sure enough, as soon as this remark came out, the five guards immediately turned their faces.

"If you refuse, don't blame me for denying people with swords! Mr. Liu only ordered me to take you to the camp, but he didn't say that you can't bring a corpse!" The head of the scarface guard drew his knife out of its sheath, and shouted with his eyes wide open. .

Hehe, it seems that I was dragged down by my handsome appearance. Knowing that I single-handedly beheaded hundreds of wolf soldiers, there are still people who want to weigh me.

I thought that this kind of brainless plot would only appear in Xiaobaiwen, but I didn't expect that reality is even more absurd than fiction.

Forget it, since I am congenial with Situ Shanu, I don't mind helping him show off his muscles, to frighten those evil spirits with ulterior motives.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang swayed in place, and instantly stepped into the arms of the scar-faced guard.

bump!

giggling~

A standard and perfect killing move like a textbook was transferred to Longmen, turning back and piercing the scarred face to protect the throat with an elbow, and there was a harsh sound of bones breaking.

The scar-faced guard suddenly had bloodshot eyes, and all his strength faded away like a tide. Before he could say anything, he fell back straight.

For a moment, the air seemed to freeze, and the other four soldiers felt their hearts tremble, and looked at Yuan Yutang as if they had seen a ghost in daylight.

No one expected that Yuan Yutang would kill people as soon as he said they would, without leaving any room for them.

With a sullen face, Yuan Yutang stared coldly at the four flustered soldiers. After making the move, he instinctively felt that things were not that simple.

Crash!

A burst of intensive footsteps quickly confirmed Yuan Yutang's guess.

A group of musketeers with matchlock guns suddenly appeared in the front and rear aisles, and immediately raised their guns to surround Yuan Yutang tightly.

There were nearly fifty matchlock guns, and at such a short distance, even if the iron man was shot by a volley, his body would surely be smashed to pieces.

With so many battles arranged in advance, it seems that Vice President Liu is determined to use him to start the fight.

Yuan Yutang showed neither sadness nor joy on his face, but his heart was full of murderous intent.

Is it really made of Lao Tzu's mud?

After three days of recuperation, he could barely use the supernatural power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain' once, and his sluggish mana circulated rapidly. Although every inch of meridian flowed, Yuan Yutang felt pain like a heart-piercing pain, but he had the killing intent, how could he hold it back?

If these men dared to shoot, he didn't mind turning the butcher's knife on the friendly army.

People don't offend me, I don't offend others.

If someone offends me, I will send him to be reincarnated!

A whirlwind blew up out of thin air around Yuan Yutang, and the humidity in the air was getting heavier and heavier, as if the water molecules were about to condense into rain.

The firecrackers were intimidated by his aura, each and every one of them seemed to be facing a big enemy, their fingers tightly clutching the trigger of the firecracker, an invisible chilling breath pressed everyone's heart.

Seeing that the conflict was about to erupt, suddenly there was a thunderous roar:

"Stop it all!"


		