

A few people came to the alley where Xu Ji Baishi Shop was located in the west of the city.

At the entrance of the alley, there is a group of fully armed auxiliary soldiers waiting in formation. Everyone's face is tense and alert. It is obvious that yesterday's failed arrest has been publicized.

Wu Basan was inquiring about the auxiliary troops, and when he learned that no one had been in or out of the alley since yesterday, he immediately asked the defiant Naimertai for instructions on what to do next.

Naimertai snorted coldly, and walked straight to the alley without saying a word.

Yuan Yutang and Wu Basan hurriedly followed.

As Wu Basan said, as soon as he entered the alley, the sunlight seemed to be swallowed up in an instant, and a rippling white mist surrounded him, creating an inexplicably weird and gloomy atmosphere.

"Small tricks are also worthy of playing with an ax in front of me?"

Naimertai snorted coldly in disdain, raised his hand, and a black cyclone appeared in the palm of his hand, and a strong and targeted attraction appeared out of thin air.

Vortex~

Immediately there was a roar like a turbo suppressing sound.

Under the astonished eyes of several people, the lingering white mist was sucked into the cyclone in a short while, and was forcibly compressed into a white bead the size of a longan by Naimertai's vast true energy.

"Yeah~"

At this time, a shrill scream suddenly came from the depths of the alley, like an old cat burning its whiskers.

Naimertai played with the white beads recklessly, then threw them to Yuan Yutang behind him, and said in a contemptuous voice, "This is Fushouwu, which is taken from the earth evil spirit of the mass graves. Come on, see you off!"

Yuan Yutang was startled when he heard the words, and hastily held the white beads with both hands. Looking carefully, he could see that the white beads had grimaces floating up and down from time to time.

He didn't expect Namurtai to be so generous, and he would give away the precious Fushouwu that can increase spells, so he quickly put away this good thing.

Immediately afterwards, everyone came to Xu Ji Baishi shop at the end of the alley.

Unlike yesterday, the two firewood doors were opened, as if the owner of the house was opening the door to welcome guests.

Through the gate, one can clearly see that the courtyard is densely packed with all kinds of paper figurines.

There are mighty generals wielding knives and guns, vicious guards with knives, beautiful singers with all kinds of charms, and even three generations living together with their families.

Looking at the rigid smiling face of the paper pierced man, Yuan Yutang and the others felt palpitations.

Naimertai stood at the door with his hips akimbo, and sneered loudly, "The labor and management thought why Fang Gao dared to be so arrogant, knowing that the labor and management were coming, but still dared to stay and challenge him, even this little piece of paper is worthy of showing shame? "

"Paperzarus?"

After hearing Naimertai's words, Yuan Yutang repeated it in shock.

Seeing this, Wu Basan hurriedly asked for details.

Yuan Yutang said solemnly, "Wu Tutou is not a member of the Taoist sect, so he doesn't know about it. This Zhizha Lishi is a variant of the Taoist unique supernatural power yellow scarf warrior. He is evil, moves strangely, comes and goes invisible, is best at hiding and sneaking, and has the characteristics of turning paper into soldiers and being immortal."

Wu Basan suddenly realized that, in this way, the culprits of the recent series of murders in Fucheng must have been the work of the Zhizha Lishi driven by the old witch.

I only heard Yuan Yutang continue, "...In addition to the above-mentioned characteristics, Zhizha Lishi also has a unique talent that is the most frightening..."

"This ghost thing can evolve by itself!"

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

"What? Self-evolution?" Wu Basan asked in horror.

Yuan Yutang nodded and said in a deep voice, "That's right, it is said that the white-robed patriarch of the evil way who developed this sorcery once created a king of warriors with brand-new three souls and seven souls, a real body, and his ability is comparable to that of a junior earth immortal. "

"If I'm not mistaken, the ultimate goal of the old hag's murder and entrails is to obtain the five internal organs of the king of warriors!"

The Earth Immortal is the pinnacle of the realm of sorcerers in the world, even if it is a junior Earth Immortal, it is definitely the existence that crushes most of the Warlocks in the world.

Once the old hag refines the King of Hercules, wouldn't the world be greeted with catastrophe?

No wonder the stingy admiral was willing to be cut as if he had changed his temper. It turned out that the matter was so serious.

No, no matter what, we must stop the old hag!

Just about to beg Nam Ertai to make a move as soon as possible, but Nam Ertai said in advance as if he could read minds:

"Don't worry, Earth Immortal is so difficult to achieve, there are very few existences in the world, if you want to create a king of warriors comparable to elementary Earth Immortals out of nothing, it will only be a thousand times more difficult.

The most critical part of the training is to strictly follow the principles of the four directions and five elements to liven the viscera, supplemented by the five sense organs of three yang and two yin, plus a lot of messy and extremely harsh conditions, so that there is a slight possibility of success.

Now the old hag only meets the four-way, four-line and eight-character lines, and there are still a lot of conditions that have not been fulfilled, so there is nothing wrong with it! "

Hearing this, Wu Basan finally let go of the stone that weighed on his heart.

Naimertai didn't care about the Zhalishi who were all over the courtyard staring at him, and walked into the courtyard carelessly.

As if there was an invisible light opening between the thresholds, as soon as Namurtai stepped into the yard with his front feet, the dull paper figurines on his back feet immediately rioted, either brandishing weapons in their hands, or growing sharp nails, rushing towards him like a swarm of bees.

Naimertai shook his head helplessly, then his expression froze, his awe-inspiring momentum burst forth, he lowered his waist and rode his horse, and raised his fist to strike.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang and the others seemed to hear the shrill roar of the wolf Xiaoyue in a trance.

Immediately afterwards a gust of wind hit their faces, blurring their eyes.

When they resisted the soreness and opened their eyes, they almost couldn't believe what they saw.

As if a hurricane passed through, the entire front yard disappeared instantly together with several surrounding unoccupied houses, leaving only a single tile-roofed house of Xu Ji Pai Shi Shop standing on the spot.

Yuan Yutang swallowed hard, looking at the open space where even the landmarks were lowered by a few inches, his eyes were full of fear.

Is this the real strength of the master?

"Damn it, where did the master of the Wu family come from, dare to come here to harm the old man?"

Suddenly, a hoarse shout came from the tile-roofed house with the door closed, and then the door opened automatically, and an angry, goose-haired old woman came out tremblingly with a cane, and opened her mouth like a shrew to curse:

"Did the old man provoke you? You like meddling in other people's business so much, and you don't see you taking care of so many injustices in the world? Do you want to make things difficult for the old man?"

Naimertai burst out laughing, and sneered coldly, "Although you and I have no grievances, the labor and management know that you must have something to do with Abalai, so in the end, are you wronged or not?"

Suddenly hearing the word Aba Lai, the old woman's pupils shrank suddenly, and she regained her shrew swearing posture, and asked in a concentrated voice, "You actually know that A Ba Lai is coming? Dare I ask your lord's name!"

Naimertai curled his lips contemptuously, and replied calmly, "The labor and management company does not change its name and sits or surname, and the wolf family Tushanbutai

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Kyrgyzstan, Naimertai is also! "

As soon as this remark came out, everyone except Yuan Yutang was shocked.

Like seeing a ghost, the old woman pointed at Namurtai with trembling fingers, unable to speak.

Wu Basan's complexion changed drastically, his whole body tensed while holding a steel knife, and he looked at Yuan Yutang with extremely unfriendly eyes.

He didn't expect to find an expert to help him on the spur of the moment, and he found one of the eight chiefs of the wolf clan, the mortal enemy of the Xia people.

Lang Xia is an old enemy in the world, and the hatred between each other cannot be resolved. At this time, Yuan Yutang has become a Xia traitor who colludes with the wolf clan in the eyes of Wu Basan.

Yuan Yutang smiled wryly and was speechless, thinking to himself that it was you who insisted on asking Nam Ertai to take action, so why blame me?

Naimertai ignored Wu Basan's change of attitude, and fixed his eyes on the shocked old woman.

After a while, the old woman came back to her senses, and murmured to herself with a complex expression, "...So you came to collect debts, God's will, God's will..."

"Don't talk about those who have or don't have it. A mere Aba is not worth my Taiji's concern. The only thing to blame is your unlucky encounter with labor and capital." Naimertai said with a grin.

"There are two ways for you now, either obediently give me the head on the item, or labor and capital to get it yourself!"

Naimertai domineeringly leaked an ultimatum to the public.

Knowing the grievances between Abalai and Naimertai, the old woman knew that she couldn't be kind, and immediately roared fiercely, "It's too much to bully others. Is it true that I am afraid of you?"

As he said that, he conjured a red gold wind chime out of thin air, and shook it suddenly, and the piercing and piercing chimes spread like a tide in an instant.

Jingle bell, jingle bell~

Caught off guard, Yuan Yutang and the others felt a splitting headache, covered their ears in pain and rolled on the ground.

Plop!

A pale, mud-stained hand suddenly protruded from the flattened ground, followed by a hole in the chest where viscera could be seen, and a hideous paper figurine emerged from the ground. .

Naimertai sneered and drew the corners of his mouth, "Just relying on this incomplete half-barrel of the king of water fighters, you still want to make a comeback? Make your spring and autumn dream!"

""Fist of Beasts", the crocodile cuts its tail!!"

Suddenly, a blowout of true energy filled every inch of the space, and an incomparably huge crocodile suddenly rose from the ground.

With a cut and a twist, the seemingly ferocious Banlazi King of Wrestlers fell apart.

As soon as the King of Hercules died, the red gold wind chime that the old woman was shaking desperately exploded, and the old woman's palm was blown into blood mist.

The old woman spat out a mouthful of blood with a wow.

The King of Hercules is connected with her mind, and once the King of Hercules dies, part of the remaining energy will naturally return to her.

However, the crocodile's vigor tore through the Queen of Hercules remained undiminished, and it slammed fiercely at the old woman like a domineering one.

The old woman was taken aback, she turned around and wanted to run back into the house, regardless of the severe pain in her internal organs.

In the blink of an eye, the crocodile caught up with the old woman who had not yet entered.

The huge bloody mouth suddenly opened.

"No~"

The old woman only had time to let out a horrific scream, and was immediately crushed by the crocodile.

Yuan Yutang and the others were just tormented by the old woman's soul-stirring bell, watching Naimertai kill the old woman with one move in a trance, all showing horrified expressions.

The master of the martial arts family is so terrifying?

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		