

rumbling~

The billowing thunder tore through the sky, making everything flickering bright and dark.

Under the dark sky is a dense virgin rainforest.

Situ Hongyi and the others stood in the rainforest looking at each other, sniffing the humid air and looking at the impenetrable bushes around them. On the big trees not far away were bearing unknown fruits that were bigger than a human head.

Everything is like a dream.

No one would have thought that the suspected hole left by the "unable to dig" would actually lead to the weird rainforest.

After the shock, everyone behaved differently.

The faces of the warlocks who were pampered and pampered on weekdays changed from sunny to cloudy, and they were extremely worried.

However, the wolf warriors who were born in the poor mountains and rivers are like a fish in water, as if they are at home, relaxed and happy.

After Naimertai from the rear came out, the wolf tribe warriors immediately surrounded him, discussing something loudly in the obscure language of the wolf tribe.

Seeing this, Situ Hongyi couldn't help but stepped forward, frowning, and said coldly, "Brother Naimi, everyone is now a grasshopper on the same rope. I don't need to talk about the principle of combining benefits and dividing, but please try to use what everyone can do." Communicate in Xia language that you understand, so as not to cause unnecessary misunderstandings with other brothers."

Namurtai replied with a half-smile, "Master Situ reminded me so."

Turning the subject, he yelled at the excited wolf clan warriors with staring eyes and beards, "Did you hear that, try to communicate in Xia language in the future, even if you can't speak it, show it to me!"

When Taiji spoke, the wolf warriors dared not obey, so they could only answer yes lazily.

I don't know why Naimertai is so afraid of Situ Hongyi who is not much better than ordinary people.

After the episode, a group of people officially stepped into this unknown virgin rainforest.

I don't know how long no one has been here. The ground is covered with a layer of rotten leaves. When you step on it, it's like stepping on mud. It's disgusting from the inside to the outside.

Mosquitoes are most likely to breed in humid and hot environments, and soon there will be a cloud of poisonous mosquitoes buzzing and flapping their wings, and they will not disperse.

Poisonous insects are dormant in the knee-high grass path. Once you accidentally step on it, it will be a lot of fun.

"Ah~"

A shrill cry of pain shattered the silence.

It was an unlucky guy who won the big prize. He stepped on the rotten leaf where the poisonous centipede was hidden, and was bitten severely. The legs refused to let go.

Namur

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

When Tai arrived, the bitten leg of the unlucky guy was already swollen like an elephant's leg, and he was writhing crazily on the ground in pain.

With just one glance, he knows what's in his mind.

"This big centipede is extremely poisonous. If you don't want him to die, you can only remove its legs."

Naimertai turned around and suggested to Situ Hongyi.

Unexpectedly, Situ Hongyi shook his head slowly, and said coldly, "Leave him a whole body."

Hearing the words, the unlucky guy was struck by lightning, and just about to beg for mercy, Naimertai twisted his neck like lightning.

Throwing the corpse aside casually, Namurtai stood up and said indifferently, "This kind of primitive rainforest kills every step of the way. Even if I take off his legs to save his life temporarily, he will never walk out alive. And the smell of blood is very easy. It attracts the covetousness of wild beasts, so for the sake of everyone's safety, Young Master Situ ordered him to have a good time, please don't be jealous."

Situ Hongyi coldly stared at Namurtai who seemed to be kindly explaining, then left coldly with a snort.

No one cares about the life and death of the unlucky guy except himself, and Namurtai's unnecessary explanation is obviously to plant a thorn in his heart.

The rabbit dies and the fox is sad, and he will naturally lose his prestige over time.

Although he saw through Naimertai's sinister intentions, Situ Hongyi didn't want to turn his face immediately because of this trivial matter.

Remember the account first, it will be settled soon.


The sky is thunderous and thunderous like it never stops, and it is still raining densely.

The soft and rotten ground, which was already rough and difficult to walk on, was soaked by the rain, and suddenly it was like a quagmire, making it difficult to move an inch, causing everyone on the road to complain.

And this rainforest stretches for an unknown number of miles. After walking for nearly a day and a night, there are still lush trees with no end in sight.

Marching in a hurry through the rainforest, even the wolf warriors who are used to hardships and hard work are quite overwhelmed.

Seeing this, Naimertai cheerfully discussed with Situ Hongyi whether he should take a break for a while.

His attitude and words were very sincere and respectful, so dissatisfied Situ Hongyi couldn't find any loopholes to refute, so he had to order a temporary rest for half a day.

Compared to the wolf warriors who still had some spare energy, the warlocks were already exhausted.

Mosquito bites along the way, and you have to concentrate on avoiding hidden poisonous insects. The air is stuffy and hot. How can the warlocks who are used to being served by servants suffer?

Not only did they hear that they had been resting for a long time, but they didn't care about the muddy and wet ground, and they all sat on the ground like a collapse, panting with their tongues out.

a big bucktooth guy

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Just as he sat down, there was a sudden humming in his abdomen.

It seems that since he entered the Tianmen attic, he hasn't eaten anything to pad his stomach.

In the past, with the mana in his body, he could avoid the dust, even if he did not eat or drink for half a year, as long as the mana was not exhausted, his life would not be in danger.

But it didn't work here, he lost all his mana, and the long-lost hunger almost destroyed his will.

He was hungry, and when he was about to ask his companions if they had any dry food, he suddenly froze.

In front of him was a big tree full of abundant fruits. The orange-yellow oval fruit exuded a tempting fragrance, which made him feel ecstatic.

Swallowing a mouthful of saliva, the big buck tooth stood up in a strange way, and walked under the big tree with obsessive eyes.

There were so many fruits on that tree that they could be plucked with a tentacle.

The big buck tooth raised his hand and broke it lightly.

With a crisp sound, an orange-yellow fruit the size of a human head obediently fell off the branch.

With delicious food in hand, the big buck teeth couldn't bear it, so he opened his mouth and gnawed it down.

There was a soft pop, and his eyes lit up immediately.

The mouth is filled with sweet and mellow juice, the flesh is crisp, the more you chew, the more delicious it becomes, the more you eat, the more you want to eat it, he has never eaten such a delicious fruit in his life.

Three times, five times and two times, he ate up the big fruit in the blink of an eye, leaving not even a little bit of peel.

The big buck teeth are full of the attractive taste of the fruit, and they can't help but put their fingers dipped in juice into their mouths to lick them.

However, in the next second, he suddenly widened his eyes.

what happened?

When did my fingers become so sweet?

The taste is even better than the fruit.

Da Baoya licked his fingers again in disbelief, the more he licked, the more excited he became, his eyes turned red unconsciously.

Inexplicably, his consciousness gradually became blurred.

When he came back to his senses, he only felt that his body was very light, unprecedentedly light, as if a gust of wind could blow him away.

In a trance, he seemed to hear someone talking beside him:

"...It should be right. It is the fruit of the hungry ghost recorded in the "Da Huang Jing". Ordinary people eat it by mistake and imagine it.

"...Others listen, if you don't want to die inexplicably, don't eat anything here!"

Da Baoya was baffled by what he heard, and was just about to ask, but unexpectedly, a boundless tide of darkness came and swallowed him completely.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		