

Time went back to an hour ago, Yuan Yutang beheaded more than ten wolf cavalry in the middle of the trail, and the rest were all frightened and fled for their lives.

Yuan Yutang rode his horse in hot pursuit, and quickly approached the battlefield of Tongshan Pass as soon as he chased.

As the sun sets in the west, a lonely round of setting sun hangs among the boundless mountains, and the afterglow of the yellow is scattered, just like the mountains, rivers and earth are burning faintly.

Yuan Yutang dragged the knife behind him, grabbed the horse's belly fiercely, and urged the red rabbit to rush forward. The snow foam rolled up where he passed, like a goddess scattering flowers, and the vast snow under his feet retreated like a tide.

In terms of equestrianism, Yuan Yutang is naturally inferior to the wolf cavalry who grew up on horseback.

It's just that the wolf cavalrymen panicked at this moment, they just wanted to get away from the killing god behind them, and they didn't care about the essentials of riding, but they were killed by Yuan Yutang tightly.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang raised his head inadvertently, and his eyes widened suddenly.

I saw the camp in front stretching for several miles, with numerous flags and banners, and the sound of killing soaring into the sky. In the distance, a fierce offensive and defensive battle was being staged on a majestic and magnificent city. Dozens of ladders had already been erected on the city wall, and the wolf soldiers were climbing like ants. And above, the bloody battle on the city tower was raging, and from time to time, someone was wailing and falling down.

The brutal killing atmosphere could be clearly felt even ten miles away. Yuan Yutang's eyes instantly became hot, as if a faint flame was ignited in the depths of his eyes.

When a good man was young, no one would have dreamed of riding a horse and riding a whip across the battlefield.

Such a real battle on the battlefield instantly made Yuan Yutang's blood boil and his fighting spirit surged.

It is clear at a glance whether the offensive and defensive sides are friends or foes.

That being the case, let's kill it!

"The law of the law~"

The Chitu under his crotch also seemed to feel the fierce killing intent ignited on Yuan Yutang's body, raised his head and hissed wildly, and completed the final acceleration, swept across the icy snow field like the wind, and rushed towards the densely packed enemy formation.

Several surviving wolf enemy cavalry suddenly saw their own large formation, and they were immediately happy, regardless of whether it would cause chaos, they plunged into the formation.

At this time, Niu Luerzhen, who was in charge of the formation, also noticed the commotion in the rear. Seeing that he was just a lone riding boy, he sent a team of cavalry to intercept him, and then angrily wanted to capture the few remnants who disturbed the army formation The defeated pawn asks the crime.

"Hahaha~"

Yuan Yutang could only feel his blood throbbing, as if he was full of pride, he couldn't vomit, laughed all over his body, and rode his horse galloping.

Soon the two sides that were running towards each other quickly approached.

Oncoming was an extremely burly werewolf villain with a full face, holding up his lance, and viciously stabbing at Yuan Yutang, intending to stab him through the gourd.

In Yuan Yutang's eyes, there was a cold murderous intent, and he accurately captured the enemy's movement trajectory during high-speed movement, and reached out his hand like lightning, and hooped the stabbing spear between the lightning and flint.

"Hiss~" The villain of the wolf clan was startled, and then he laughed grinningly. His arms, which were as thick as adults' waists, exerted force in vain, trying to lift Yuan Yutang, who was overwhelmed, into the air.

Unexpectedly, with all his strength, he was unable to shake the lance at all, as if the end fell into Yuan Yutang's hands and took root.

While the wolf villain was in a daze, Yuan Yutang swung his arm back violently, destroying the center of gravity of the wolf villain and shortening the distance between them extremely quickly.

A cold light flashed across the air, and then the two staggered away.

Yuan Yutang continued to charge forward without losing momentum.

However, the villain of the wolf family shook a few times, his body straightened suddenly, his eyes bulged, and a red line gradually appeared between his neck. A large head was separated from his body in the jolt of the horse and rolled on the ground like a ball.


"It's not good, Mr. Erzhen, the Southern Barbarian knight has entered the rear line, the brothers really can't stop it~"

Just after capturing those panicked defeated soldiers, Niu Luer Zhenshan Wenlu was about to kill them to correct the military law, but unexpectedly a bannerman rushed to him to report in a panic.

"What? Didn't I send a team to intercept it? Twenty warriors can't stop one and a half ghosts? Are you joking with me?" Shan Wenlu suddenly turned around and grabbed him to report Banner Ding asked sharply.

Banner Ding was so frightened that he fought back and forth, and gasping for breath with a mournful face, "My lord, even if I gave my servant ten courages, I wouldn't dare to lie about the military situation, that Southern barbarian is really evil, if you don't think about it, I'm afraid our entire Niulu will be killed." I'm about to be taken~"

At this time, the defeated soldiers who were tied up to be cut also took the opportunity to chatter:

"Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo L Lt~"

"Woooooo, non-slaves and others are greedy for life and afraid of death. The enemy is really invincible, please be aware~"

"I beg my lord to spare my life, and give me another chance to redeem myself~"

Shan Wenlu was furious, and shouted, "Fart! How can a mere Nanman boy be able to turn the world upside down? Could it be that you are greedy for life and afraid of death, deliberately fabricating the military situation! Come on, let me drag you down and behead it, and cut it off yourself. Let the Nanban boy's head be sacrificed to the flag!"

Different from ordinary short and stocky bannermen, Shan Wenlu is seven feet tall, has a leopard head with ring eyes, a swallow jaw and a tiger beard, long and strong arms, and has unmatched courage. He is good at wielding a handle weighing fifty-five catties The ghost-headed nine-ring knife is the famous Batulu in the Zhenglan Banner of Tushanbu!

Fighting on the battlefield, all the magic tricks are all nonsense, only the courage of martial arts can reveal the true story, he absolutely does not believe that there are really ten thousand enemies in the world, even if there is, he will definitely not be a soft Nanman boy!

Putting on the weapon, Wenshan Lu rode his horse and galloped, and wanted to try Yuan Yutang himself!


huh~ huh~

Several powerful arrows with shovel heads pierced the air, Yuan Yutang's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, Lightning captured the heavy arrow in his palm, and then suddenly half-spinned the force, the heavy arrow in his palm returned at a faster speed than before. Return, and return to the original owner in an instant.

"Woo~"

"Uh~"

There were several screams, and several wolf cavalry who were sneaking up on the cold arrows had no time to react. They were all pierced by heavy arrows in their throats. After shaking, they all fell from the horse's back and turned into cold corpses.

The bows and arrows used by the wolf bannermen are different from those of the Daxia soldiers. They are composite long-tip bows. Not only does it have a longer range, but it can also shoot armor-piercing heavy arrows comparable to firecracker bullets at close range, with lethality within fifty steps. Extremely strong, whether it hits the torso or limbs, it can cause the enemy to lose blood quickly and lose combat effectiveness, and the wound is too large to heal.

However, the armor-piercing heavy arrow, which was omnipotent, failed in front of Yuan Yutang, and had no effect at all.

Along the way, more than fifty wolf cavalrymen were killed by Yuan Yutang's sword.

Fighting on the battlefield is not like a formal contest, it changes rapidly, and every moment is like walking on the edge of a knife. This dangerous and charming feeling makes Yuan Yutang's adrenal glands soar, and the more he fights, the stronger he becomes, sinking into the thrill of killing and unable to extricate himself.

Wherever Yuan Yutang's men and horses arrived, the enemy troops in the rear line were like waves splitting, and no one was a single enemy.

In just a moment, he was about to kill through the entire Niulu phalanx head-on.

Just as he was about to kill, there was a sudden cry like a thunderstorm.

"Pina thief, don't be mad!"

Staring at him, Yuan Yutang saw a burly man riding a horse and attacking him, holding a ghost-headed nine-ring knife.

The person who came was Niu Luerzhen, Tushan Batulushan Wenlu!

Sensing Shan Wenlu's courageous breath, Yuan Yutang raised the corners of his mouth, clenched the blood-stained saber in his hand, lightly held the horse's belly, Chitu sped up again like a psychic, as if turning into a mass of burning flames, and quickly killed Shan Wenlu who had always been invading .

The two horses face each other, with swords facing each other.

Zheng! !

A loud clang of weapons, as if piercing the eardrums, spread across the field like a gust of wind, and all the nearby enemy horses were frightened when they heard it.

Suddenly, the two riders passed by each other.

Shanwen Lu hurriedly reined in his horse and turned his head, subconsciously looking at the Guitou Nine-ring Knife in his hand that accompanied him through life and death. He was shocked to find a gleaming gap on the blade of the iron-cut knife, and his heart was palpitating.

Is this really the physical strength a teenager should have?

Yuan Yutang was also uncomfortable. The shock force from the front made his entire right arm feel numb. In the end, his body suffered a great loss. If he was in the adult body shape before crossing, with the blessing of mana, he would be sure to knock it directly. Feishan Wenlu Weapon.

Fighting on the battlefield, the most important thing is momentum.

Yuan Yutang was self-taught, endured the discomfort, and rode his horse back again.

The sharpened saber in his hand drew a deadly arc and quickly grabbed Shan Wenlu's neck.

Before Shan Wenlu recovered from the shock, he suddenly felt that the murderous intent was approaching, and hastily put the ghost-headed nine-ring knife across the throat.

when!

Another sound of metal and iron resounded through the sky!

The Guitou Jiuhuandao, which cut iron like mud, was bent at the waist, and hit Shan Wenlu's throat without losing momentum, smashing his Adam's apple in an instant.

Going down the mountain in severe pain, Wenlu twisted his mouth and stuck out his tongue, his brain suddenly became blurred, and his eyes turned black.

Despite the brilliant record, the saber Yuan Yutang picked up finally couldn't withstand his violence, and under the heavy blow, it shattered into several pieces with a ping.

Yuan Yutang didn't care, his eyes were full of murderous intent, his spine trembled, his body twisted like a snake, his feet slammed on the stirrup, and he flew from the horse's back to Shan Wenlu who was stiff on the spot.

As soon as he approached, Yuan Yutang bent his elbows and swung his arms, like a furious rhino striking its horns, the air was violently blasted, making a heart-piercing bang bang sound.

The ancient muay thai ultimate move - the top horn of the rhinoceros!

giggling~

The ear-piercing sound of bone breaking seemed to overshadow the din of the battlefield. Under the watchful eyes of countless horrified wolf bannermen, Batulu Shanwenlu of Tushanbu's entire head shattered like a ripe watermelon. Things splatter everywhere.

In an instant, time seemed to freeze.

The only thing that can move is the slender back of the young man crouching on top of Shan Wenlu's corpse, panting fiercely, like a god like a demon!

"Mom~"

After an unknown amount of time, a scream woke everyone up, and everything returned to normal.

Seeing Yuan Yutang looking like a ecstasy rakshasa crawling out of hell, the frightened wolf clan bannerman let out a wail, dropped his weapon and fled in all directions.

The bannerman who charged forward bravely did not know why, but when he was attacked by his defeated comrades in the rear, his panic escalated immediately.

But all people have a herd mentality. Once a deserter appears on the battlefield, it will immediately cause a domino effect, and they will be defeated as quickly as an avalanche, even the brave and invincible wolf warriors are no exception.

The appearance of Yuan Yutang was like opening the Pandora's box of the wolf army, and saw the signs of bombing camps emerging in the left army formation.

Situ Shanu, who was watching the battle calmly on the Guanqiang Tower, keenly caught the disturbance in the rear of the enemy's left army. Regardless of the obstruction of his staff and subordinates, he made a decisive decision to lead the most elite 1,000 Great Xia Dragon Riders out of the city to charge the battle.


		