

In recent days, people in Mulan County, Liangzhou have panicked. They heard that the mountain road leading to the outside world is haunted by demons.

The monster body is as big as a carriage and looks like a big fish, but it has limbs and is good at digging holes. It is covered with long hair that is difficult to hurt with swords and halberds. It can pull trees with bare hands and chase horses with all its strength.

The fish demon is cunning by nature, and likes to dig hollows out of the ground to buy traps and wait for the rabbit. If a pedestrian accidentally falls into the trap, he will just fall into the bloody mouth, swallowing the whole body including the belt and bone. It is an extravagant hope to collect the whole body.

I don't know which lucky one escaped from the bloody mouth of the fish demon, and conveyed back to the county the story of the demon catching and eating pedestrians vividly, making the common people feel insecure and terrified all day long.

The terrain of Mulan County is remote and surrounded by mountains. There is neither fertile land nor prosperous business. The only way to connect with the outside world is the mountain road.

Now being misfortune by the fish demon is equivalent to cutting off contact with the outside world.

It's okay for a short time, but after a long time, it's hard to guarantee that there won't be any troubles.

No, the county lord was so worried that he missed three delicacies for dinner, so he could barely eat seventeen dishes to satisfy his hunger.

In order to eradicate the fish demon in the cholera township, the county government issued a reward.

Anyone who can kill the fish demon and eliminate harm for the people will be rewarded with a thousand pieces of gold, and the county lord will be a guarantor and recommend him for the post of county magistrate.

Maybe the county magistrate will be puzzled by the officials, but if it is explained that the county magistrate is equivalent to the county public security chief on the earth, then we can have a clear concept.

Good guy!

It is rare that the county lord who belongs to Taotie is bleeding heavily. He has a lot of money and an official status. The so-called great rewards must have a brave man. The heroes in many counties who claim to have two brushes are all moved, and they use their own methods. The future is bright.


The waning moon is like a hook, and the night is thick.

A few chirping night birds hovered in the night sky.

Zuo Jindao looked up at the moon wanting to cry but without tears.

It's not because he has the leisure time to get up in the middle of the night to admire the moon, but because he is forced to do so.

Zuo Jindao is a well-known instructor in Mulan County.

What is a coach, but a gangster leader who likes to dance with guns and clubs, and is brave and ruthless.

Of course, they don't recognize the scornful title of ruffian boss, but they are proud of the name of coach. They teach children a few tricks when they have free time on weekdays, so that they can buy some wine and meat with peace of mind during New Years and festivals. When they are not free, they are busy fighting with other gangs. The site is very beautiful.

But Zuo Jindao never thought that one day, he would end up in such a terrible end.

Now he is being manipulated by two big hands like a puppet, and nearly 80% of his bones are broken. Every movement hurts his heart, and he has completely lost the ability to resist.

With pain and pain, he became numb.

If he can survive this, he has to personally go to the county to draw a few big ear posts.

Let you have nothing to do to post a reward!

That's a monster!

Is it something that ordinary people can provoke?

If it wasn't for the damn reward, why would he end up in such a mess?

Gullah~

A crisp sound of bone fracture interrupted Zuo Jindao's thoughts, and he didn't need to think about which bone was broken again. The severe pain struck, Zuo Jindao's face trembled for a while, but he quickly returned to dead silence.

A big mouth, about the size of two adults, inlaid with sharp triangular files, and dripping with disgusting, foul-smelling saliva, leaned in front of the ashen Zuo Jindao, and offered him a confession.

Zuo Jindao let the disgusting saliva wet his upper body, still expressionless.

It was a mound-sized fish-shaped monster with slender limbs and covered in hair.

The place where Zuo Jindao is now is an open-air cave with a bad smell and bones everywhere.

The pain was unbearable, and the fish demon would refuse to kill him for a while, and Zuo Jiandao, full of despair, could only roll his eyes, looking for something to divert his attention.

Well, isn't that dead body in the corner his deadly enemy, Wang Gang who occupies the commercial street in the south of the city, known as 'Sai Tai Sui'?

Wang Gang, who used to be able to fight him for 300 rounds without distinction, was swallowed by the fish monster, and when he spit it out, there was only less than one-third of it left, which is really pitiful.

Isn't the eagle talons and iron hooks shattered all over the place the county government's top expert, the unique weapon known as the "Flying Eagle God Catcher"?

That eagle talons and iron hook terrified those heroes who roamed the streets. He had seen the hook of the 'Flying Eagle God' smash a stone mill. If it hit a flesh and blood person, it would still be fine?

But so what?

Throwing it on the fish demon, not to mention hooking a bleeding hole, even hooking even a long hair, is bad luck for Tai Te Niang.

There are also scattered 'trophies' around, all from the 'Eighteenth Route Allied Forces' who were bewitched by the rewards and organized their own monster hunting.

When traveling, everyone is full of ambitions, thinking that the rewards and official positions are all in their own pockets.

The results of it?

Now that I can still breathe, isn't I the only one left?

Forehead……

I guess I won't be able to catch my breath for long.

It's too difficult to be a human being, and I won't be a human being in my next life...

Tired, destroy it...

Suffering from severe pain and fear repeatedly, Zuo Jindao felt sad from his heart, and quietly burst into tears.

The fish demon fiddled with it for a while, maybe it was tired of the 'toy' in its hand, or maybe it was hungry, and it was about to stuff it into its mouth with the collar of Zuo Jindao.

At this moment, a light cough came from outside the cave, which immediately interrupted the fish demon's movements.

Two pairs of eyes, one big and one small, turned to the entrance of the cave at the same time, and saw under the faint moonlight, a young man with a bulky figure and a muddy body leading a tall red horse into the cave.

Suddenly, three pairs of eyes widened and stared at each other.


Since getting rid of the pursuers, Yuan Yutang has been running non-stop for nearly five hundred miles, almost running out of the territory of Liangzhou.

Tianmen Attic is very important to Yuan Yutang, he can't miss the date of August 15th, so he can only take the risk of staying.

Moreover, he is seriously injured now, and he is trying to find a secluded place to recuperate.

After looking for it, unexpectedly, by accident, he broke into the lair of the fish demon, and temporarily saved Zuo Jindao's life in a muddleheaded way.

"Aww~"

A deafening beast roar tore through the quiet night, startling countless night birds in the woods.

Leaving aside Zuo Jindao, who was full of astonishment, the fish demon landed on all fours and rushed towards Yuan Yutang like a galloping chariot.

Although Yuan Yutang suffered a severe blood loss, his mana-enhanced physique was naturally more alluring in the eyes of the fish monster than the shortcuts of ordinary people.

Yuan Yutang came back to his senses and sneered, turning a blind eye to the menacing fish demon, slowly took the "Dragon Slayer" sharp gun he just got from Chitu's back, and reloaded the ammunition calmly.

"The "Da Huang Jing" says that there is a monster in the world, named Lu Xingyu, which looks like a big fish, has a body like a chariot, has four limbs, is covered with long hair, is hard to hurt with a sword, is good at digging, lives in a cave, and has very thick flesh. Beauty, which has the miraculous effect of healing wounds quickly, is also known as the 'elixir'."

"I didn't expect to be so lucky. I was worried about how to recover from my injury quickly, and I encountered such a rare treasure in the world."

Although I don't know why the young man in front of me has such confidence, if Zuo Jindao hadn't been handicapped, he would have jumped up and slapped him a few times.

Can't you just be serious?

That's a monster!

It's hard to usher in the hope of surviving, so don't play dead!

"Aww~"

The bloody smell emanating from Yuan Yutang's body drove Lu Xingyu to the point of madness, and he opened his mouth to let out a loud howl, which shook the cave and rocks rolled down.

After ten steps away, Lu Xingyu suddenly accelerated, his huge body leaped up like a spring, and swiftly opened his huge mouth to rush at Yuan Yutang, looking like he wanted to swallow him in one gulp.

Pressing the ammunition with a cleaning stick, Yuan Yutang raised the "Dragon Slaying" sharpshooter like lightning, and instinctively performed the extraordinary skill of "Point Kill", aiming and firing, all in one go.

Hearing a muffled sound like thunder, Zuo Jindao, who was lying on the ground, was dumbfounded. Suddenly, he saw a violent glare from the muzzle of the strange firecracker, and a hurricane seemed to blow in the cave.

Immediately afterwards, the land fish that swooped ferociously seemed to be hit head-on by a shell, and its entire upper body was blasted to pieces.

After the projectile smashed the land fish, it continued to gallop without losing momentum.

Boom~

I saw that the projectile hit the rock wall at the back again, and actually blasted out a big hole reaching five feet in length. For a while, flying stones shot everywhere, dust rose up, and the cave seemed to collapse.

When the strong wind dissipated and the vibration stopped, the cave suddenly fell into a strange silence.

Yuan Yutang kept raising his gun to fire, his face full of astonishment.

In order to ensure a one-hit kill, he deliberately used the exclusive ammunition of the 'Dragon Slayer' gun.

Although he had known for a long time that this gun was powerful, he never expected it to be so powerful.

How can this be the power of the primitive firecrackers? Even the bazookas on earth are nothing more than that?

Too exaggerated, really too exaggerated!

On the other side, Zuo Jindao had already begun to doubt life, but seeing Lu Xingyu dying, his nerves relaxed for a while, and then he passed out.


After an unknown amount of time, Zuo Jindao was awakened by a strange smell of meat.

As soon as he regained consciousness, he felt numb all over his body, as if there were countless ants crawling and biting on his body, and he almost passed out again.

Opening his eyes with difficulty, he found that he was still in that nightmare cave, and subconsciously wanted to struggle to escape.

"Hey, brother, you are seriously injured, you should not move rashly, lie down quickly."

In horror, Zuo Jindao heard a familiar yet unfamiliar gentle voice, turned his head quickly, and saw Yuan Yutang sitting cross-legged not far away, with a bonfire burning in front of him. There was a simple wooden shelf on the bonfire. Grilled with large chunks of unknown fat meat.

squeak~

The plump meat is roasted at high temperature, and soon drips golden oil, and bursts of tangy fragrance permeate every corner of the cave.

Chitu and 'Brother Pingtou' had long been salivating and lying on the sidelines waiting for the meal.

Yuan Yutang tore off a piece of meat with his bare hands, threw it into his mouth, chewed it a few times, and suddenly his eyes lit up.

Delicious, so delicious!

The taste of this land fish is almost as delicious as that of Henggong fish, and it also has the miraculous effect of quick healing. He felt a little relieved after taking one bite.

It's a good thing, but it's a pity that I ruined most of it without seriousness, and I don't know when it will happen again next time.

Shaking his head helplessly and sighing, Yuan Yutang set off to distribute the roasted meat to everyone, including Zuo Jindao, whom he had never met before.

Nearly one-third of the land fish was eaten by everyone, and the fish meat seemed to turn into a burst of warm current, quickly nourishing and healing the wound.

Yuan Yutang and Zuo Jindao didn't have time to talk, so they fell asleep in a daze.


		