

Early summer, the eighth day of April.

Qilian Mountain is known as the highest peak of Tongshan Mountains. There are many strange peaks, colorful pine forests, and vast smoke and clouds. It is picturesque and magnificent.

In the early morning, thousands of miles of clouds cover the mountainside, rolling with the wind, the sun rises in the east, and the golden light is rendered, just like a flowing golden ocean, which is really magnificent and beautiful.

A sickly, pale young man stood on the top of the mountain, letting the howling mountain wind blow, looking into the distance ecstatically.

"My lord, it's windy on the mountain, you're not in good health, you'd better wear a big cloak."

While he was in a trance, a one-armed muscular man walked up behind the young man and put a cloak on him.

The boy turned his head and smiled weakly, then turned around and continued to overlook the magnificent river and mountains.

Seeing this, the one-armed man smiled and asked, "My lord, what are you looking at?"

"Look at mountains, clouds, and life."

The boy's voice was very soft, and he sounded out of breath, as if he was still recovering from a serious illness.

The one-armed strong man was stunned for a moment, and then imitated the young man to raise his eyes to look forward, but unfortunately he didn't see why after looking for a long time, so he smiled awkwardly, "I'm a rough man, I really can't learn the foresight of the young master, but time It's getting late, let's go back first."

"Brother Hu." The boy suddenly called out.

"My lord, what are your orders?" The one-armed man replied seriously.

"It's okay, I just want to say, it's great that everyone is still alive..."

Hearing this, the one-armed man showed sadness, glanced at the empty left sleeve, and said with emotion, "Yeah, being alive is better than anything... Even if you lose an arm, it's better than those brothers who lost their lives." It's..."

The young man smiled wearily, and took another deep look in the direction of Saibei, where he could still faintly see the outline of Tongshan Pass.

With a faint sigh, he turned back and went down the mountain, and the one-armed man quickly followed.

Not long after, the two arrived at the foot of the mountain, and there was already a motorcade waiting for them beside the official road.

"Master Yuan!"

"Master Yuan!"

"Master Yuan!"

More than fifty knights in heavy armor dismounted and saluted respectfully when they saw the boy approaching.

The young man nodded wearily, and he had the right to return the gift, and then got into the most luxurious four-wheeled carriage in the middle of the convoy.

The single-step strong man sits on the driver's seat, lightly raises the whip, and the two horses pulling the cart comprehend it and set sail.

The knights on both sides of the guard guarded the convoy and started to set off wobbly.

At this time, a red-skinned steed with a fat rabbit in its mouth sprang out from the forest, ran to the four-wheeled carriage like the wind, and pushed its big head against the window as if asking for credit.

Soon the window of the car opened from the inside, revealing the young boy's pale face, pretending to be angry, "You idiot, are you still willing to come back? You like running around so much, why don't you come back."

The red rabbit was scolded for no reason, and showed a humane expression of grievance. He hurriedly handed the rabbit in his mouth to the boy as if to please him, waiting eagerly for praise.

The young man smiled helplessly, took the trembling rabbit, rubbed the red rabbit's head with his hands, and said with a light smile, "Okay, okay, I know you have a heart, but next time you are not allowed to run around again, you know?" ?”

Chi Tu smiled in comfort, offered the boy's hand affectionately, and followed the carriage, shaking his head.

After playing around, the young man showed obvious tiredness on his face, so he closed the car window, lay on the thick and soft cushion, raised his head and closed his eyes to rest his mind.

The carriage is extremely luxuriously furnished, and the whole body is made of high-quality sandalwood. There are desks, heating stoves, futon cushions and other items inside. There is no bump in the way of walking, which is obviously from the hands of famous craftsmen.

As soon as he closed his eyes, he couldn't help recalling that nightmarish night more than ten days ago, boy,... Yuan Yutang still had lingering fears.

He should have died that night.

The reason why he was able to survive miraculously is really thanks to the fragments of the avatar of the great demon Shanze Dajun.

The reason why the big monsters are big monsters, apart from their high cultivation base, there is another remarkable feature, that is, their souls have evolved into primordial spirits, which are better than or even worse than human immortals of the same realm. as a higher energy.

Yuan Yutang's supernatural powers were out of control at the time, and his vitality was involuntarily drawn to maintain his supernatural powers. The fragments of Yuanshen after the death of Shanze Dajun's avatar were undoubtedly a timely help for him at that time.

It's like the cultivated land that has been dry for a long time is suddenly irrigated by heavy rain, and it immediately regains its vitality.

It was an unrepeatable miracle. If he hadn't killed Lord Shanze's avatar just before he ran out of oil and swallowed up the fragments of his primordial spirit, he would not have survived.

As he said, it's good to be alive.

Yuan Yutang opened his eyes, took a deep breath, and was just about to sit up when he suddenly felt a heart-piercing pain, and couldn't help but lose his strength and fall down.

Oh, this is the price of impulse.

Capital crimes can be avoided, but living crimes cannot be escaped.

His injuries were so severe that he was nearly paralyzed.

If you don't rest for a year or so, let alone recover as before, I'm afraid there will be endless troubles.

So after the Tongshanguan crisis was resolved, Situ Killing Nu immediately arranged for manpower to send Yuan Yutang, the greatest hero, back to the Taoist city Haozhou City in the rear to recuperate.

The fifty knights who were in charge of escorting Yuan Yutang were all elites in all battles, enough to ensure that they were safe.

The one-armed strong man who took care of Yuan Yutang personally was the captain of Situ Shanu's personal army, Men Hulu.

Although he lost an arm in that fierce battle, his martial arts skills are still there, and he is also loyal, so he is most suitable to protect Yuan Yutang who is almost disabled now.


Tongshan Pass, hundreds of miles away from Yuan Yutang and his party, could still vaguely see the traces of that fierce battle all over the city, and every crack seemed to be covered with dark brown blood.

At this time, a grand mourning ceremony is being held on the Martial Arts Field.

A temporary altar was set up in the center of the martial arts arena, on which were placed a total of 3,573 fresh spiritual seats.

Under the altar, more than a thousand soldiers who could go to the ground in the city were all present.

Standing like a forest, the silk floats, and the audience is silent.

Or in the eyes of the dignitaries and nobles, the sacrificed soldiers are just a series of boring numbers, and they die when they die.

But in the hearts of brothers in the same robe who have experienced life and death together, each spirit bit represents a good brother who gets along day and night and lives and dies together.

The 3,573 spiritual seats represent 3,573 families who have lost their fathers, sons, and brothers, and represent 3,573 families that are on the verge of fragmentation.

Huang Feilong, a veteran of hundreds of battles, was killed on the spot. Chen Jinnan, the general manager of the Shenji Battalion who abandoned the dark and turned to the light, was seriously injured, and officers at all levels suffered heavy casualties.

The damage of war is always extraordinarily heavy. Even if the battle is won, none of the surviving soldiers is happy, and some are only sad and sad.

This battle was too tragic. Nearly half of the garrison soldiers died, and one-third of them were lightly or seriously wounded. It can be said that the guards of Tongshan Pass had in fact been disabled.

Situ Shanu stood expressionlessly in front of the altar, looking at the mountains of spiritual tablets on the altar, completely unable to see his emotional fluctuations.

Thousands of eyes behind him were also staring at the spiritual position, and a kind of silent grief was rising.

The entire mourning ceremony was completed in silence and depression, and all the soldiers left in an orderly and indifferent manner.

The dead are gone, and the living still need to be strong.

Now the troops in the pass are insufficient, the defense is empty, and the replenishment of troops is still on the way, so we must fully guard, and we must not relax.

If there is a mistake at the pass at this time, then the sacrificed brother will die in vain.

Situ Shanu stayed alone in the martial arts arena, silent.

"Put away your boring compassion, wolves should be born to eat meat, not like sheep to mourn spring and autumn."

Suddenly, an unpleasant voice sounded from behind. Situ Shanu seemed to know who it was, turned around and bowed respectfully, "The student has seen the teacher."

The person behind him is about fifty years old, short in stature, with a sharp mouth and monkey cheeks, wearing a simple black robe and a bare hat, with a solemn face, fierce eyes, and a mean face that no relatives recognize.

The most eye-catching thing is the black robe with a checkerboard pattern embroidered on the chest.

Combining vertical and horizontal, there is no definite master, in troubled times, you are a great sage, and in a prosperous age, you are a great harm. This person is a political strategist!

Facing Situ Shanu's respectful greeting, the mean middle-aged man snorted coldly, strode past the bowing Situ Shanu, walked to the altar, picked up a spiritual tablet, played with it recklessly, and said with a sneer, "One will be successful and all bones will be destroyed!" , these untouchables can leave traces in your merit book, it is already a blessing from their three lives, and it is worth your guilt?"

"Rebel, do you know how much painstaking effort has been spent on you as a teacher these years? You actually committed a mess at a critical moment, and learners live and die together?"

Situ Shanu didn't say a word.

The mean middle-aged man became more and more angry as he talked, and he scolded tremblingly, "The sour scholar knows the way that a gentleman can't stand under the wall, and you have been on the battlefield for almost ten years, how can you be so confused? "

"As a teacher, I tried my best to build momentum for you, running around, and finally set up a good situation, just waiting for you to win the battle. Do you know how heartbroken the old man was when he heard that you took the initiative to stay and take risks?"

"How can those who achieve great things be able to bend the small? Kindness does not command soldiers, and kindness does not serve as officials. How is your reckless behavior different from that of a reckless man?"

Situ Shanu still kept his bowed posture, his face as calm as water.

After being scolded for half an hour, the mean middle-aged man finally had enough of scolding, and Situ Shanu finally responded.

"... Put away your boring sympathy, and don't let this old man see your disgusting, coy look!"

"Follow the teacher's instructions."

The mean middle-aged man cast a cold glance at Situ Shanu, and said murderously, "You are lucky this time, a little ghost resolved the fatal crisis by mistake.

But that brother of yours... a mere cultivator with a mere cultivator level can actually cause celestial phenomena to harmonize with the Dao, it can be said that he has a lot of luck, if this kind of person can't be used by you..."

There is no need to explain the remaining half sentence, Situ Shanu also knows what it means.

Clenching his palms, Situ Shanu let go of his palms, and there lay a delicate jade pendant in his palms.

This is the jade pendant found when Yuan Yutang was rescued half a month ago, and it is also his father-in-law Chen Tusong's favorite jade pendant in his life.


At the same time, in Tianma City, the Imperial City of Great Xia, thousands of miles away, a majestic old man in the Yamen of the Ministry of War was browsing the latest news that was urgently sent thousands of miles away:

[In the early summer of the 17th year of Taikang, Naimertai, the slave chieftain of the Tushan tribe of the wolf tribe, led the three banners to invade the border. Situ Shanu, the general guard of Tongshan Pass, was brave and fearless. The main force of Naimertai headquarters killed more than 10,000 enemies and captured more than 30,000 people...

Great victory! ! ! 】


		