

The closer you get to Tongshan Pass, the more human tragedies you see along the way.

Although Yuan Yutang looked calm on the outside, the killing intent in his heart almost drove him crazy.

There are only more than 30 miles away from Tongshan Pass, which can be completed in about one day.

Just after collecting the corpses of a slaughtered village, Yuan Yutang rode on the red rabbit and galloped away with a sullen face.

There is only one reason why he rides a horse!

The corpses in the village are still warm, which means that the murderer is not far away.

"Bastards that are not as good as pigs and dogs, sir, I'm here to kill dogs!"

After walking for a while, out of the corner of my eye, I suddenly saw a cold light piercing through the air between the trees on both sides of the road.

Two breaths later, there was a heart-piercing scream.

Yuan Yutang yelled violently, punched like lightning, and blocked the air with incomparable precision.

Click!

A heavy shovel-headed arrow made of pure iron was broken in the middle.

The red rabbit roared violently and howled, the man stood up and stopped the castration with his steps.

Seven or eight knights with unfriendly expressions jumped out of the woods ahead, blocking the way.

The same number of knights appeared silently behind them, cutting off the back road.

There are shadows in the forest on both sides, and it seems that there are hidden knights coveting.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang was surrounded tightly.

But he was not in a hurry, squinting his eyes and calmly looked at this group of vicious knights who were obviously different from the Xia people in strange clothes.

These knights all have dark faces, rough skin, thick calluses on their finger joints, and although they are short, they are extremely strong. They wear felt hats to keep out the cold, and fur clothes covered with leather armor. They are equipped with bows and knives. With a breath of courage, it is clear that he is a hundred-death warrior who has waded through the mountain of corpses and sea of ​​blood.

Yuan Yutang quickly guessed the identities of these people from the extremely handsome war horse under his crotch and the weird braids exposed under the brim of his hat.

This is a group of wolf cavalry!

No wonder the villages along the way were devastated into a purgatory on earth. It turned out to be the work of these ruthless creatures who drank blood.

Forget it, the injustice has its head and the debt has its owner.

Revenge that heaven does not avenge, I will avenge!

I will accept souls that the underworld does not accept!

Suddenly, the air became heavy and stagnant, and the sparse birds in the forest were startled, and a murderous aura swept across the field.

The leader of the wolf cavalry was a strong man with a scar on his face from his left eyebrow to the right corner of his mouth. Looking at the handsome Yuan Yutang, he couldn't help showing a strange playful expression on his ugly face.

Raising his hand, he signaled his colleagues who were raising arrows to relax. He was going to go out alone to take down this handsome young man from Xia, and then present it to the Banner Master, who likes to molest children. He will definitely be rewarded heavily.

The wolves have lived in poor mountains and harsh waters for generations, and their mothers are born with bloodthirsty genes that are tough and good at fighting. They are short and good at shooting, excellent at riding, good at climbing and fighting in woods, and they are the most primitive special forces.

And because of the geographical closure, the primitive and barbaric tribal ethos is still preserved, and the hierarchy is strict, and the superior has absolute life and death over the inferior.

If there is a chance to please the honorable banner owner, the scar-faced man will never let it go.

Seeing that the captain wanted to fight alone, the subordinates did not dare to disobey, put down their weapons one by one, and prepared to enjoy the hunting performance of the captain.

He's just a weak and polite young man from the Xia people, so he doesn't deserve the attention of these soldiers who have survived many battles.

Yuan Yutang glanced indifferently at the scar-faced captain who came on horseback, turned over and dismounted expressionlessly, stood still on the spot with his arms lowered.

Unexpectedly, in the eyes of the unruly werewolf cavalry, his behavior was like a weak performance of excessive fright, dismounting and being restrained, and the disdain for him became stronger.

Captain Scarface leisurely rode his horse to five steps away from Yuan Yutang, condescendingly squinting at Yuan Yutang who 'give up resistance', although he was a little upset that Yuan Yutang gave up too early and let him lose the fun of hunting, but he didn't bother to care about it. He said in blunt Xia dialect, "You, young man from Xia, if you don't want to die, just follow me obediently, otherwise, you will die!"

"Pfft~" Yuan Yutang didn't expect this to happen, so he couldn't hold back any longer and laughed outright.

Captain Scarface's expression darkened immediately, and he raised his hand to strike Yuan Yutang's chest sharply.

As for why not give the most humiliating face slap?

Nonsense, he was still counting on Yuan Yutang's little face to win the banner owner's favor, what if he broke it?

It's just that Captain Scarface didn't expect that the slap in the face would be caught halfway by a small white hand before it could be implemented.

This sudden turn of events stunned all the werewolf cavalry.

The person who grabbed the whip turned out to be that weak young man from Xia?

Soon the faces of the rest of the werewolf cavalry showed a suppressed smile that wanted to laugh but didn't dare to laugh, and their eyes were full of gloating pleasure.

Captain Scarface's already dark face suddenly turned as black as the bottom of a pot, and he was extremely angry that this little chicken-like boy in front of him actually humiliated him in public.

The strong arm with tangled muscles suddenly swung it vigorously, trying to throw Yuan Yutang away.

Unexpectedly, as if roots were growing under Yuan Yutang's feet, a strong force was transmitted along the whip, but he remained motionless.

Captain Scarface suddenly widened his eyes, looked at the whip that was stretched straight, and immediately revealed a cruel grin.

He just wanted to punish him with a small punishment and give him a big warning, but he didn't expect Yuan Yutang to be so shameless.

The unruly factor in his bones was activated, and the scar-faced captain had a strong killing intent in his heart.

Anything to please the banner owner, anything to get promoted and get rich, go to hell!

Nan Manzi doesn't know how to live or die, so why not send him to reincarnate!

"drive!"

Captain Scarface resolutely discarded his whip, quickly drew his knife out of its sheath, and slammed the horse to gallop.

The sharp sword held high drew a dazzling arc in the air, and went straight to Yuan Yutang's neck.

Coupled with the blessing of the galloping speed of the war horse, not to mention just the fragile neck of the human body, even an iron pillar with the thickness of a bowl would have to be cut in half.

The bloody scene was about to be staged, and the rest of the werewolf cavalry showed excited and longing expressions.

As the deadly saber strikes, Yuan Yutang still doesn't feel flustered, his eyes are drooping, the blood in his body is surging, and his body is trembling undetectably.

This is not a trembling of fear, but a manifestation of excessive energy accumulation.

When the killing intent reached its peak, he made a move!

All of a sudden, Yuan Yutang's limbs moved up and down, he jumped up suddenly, his whole spine twitched, and he shot out like an arrow.

In the air, the bones of the whole body trembled, and the evil anger in the chest that had been simmering for several days seemed to erupt along the throat suddenly, and an extremely loud and long whistle suddenly exploded.

Yuan Yutang raised and lowered his feet, like a horse jumping off a cliff, and the werewolf cavalry around him seemed to hear the long hiss of 'Xilulu', and they stepped towards the scar-faced captain riding the horse like lightning.

This is the true meaning of his boxing practice, giving people the illusion of a real leaping horse.

Ancient muay thai ultimate move - wild horse stepping on the ground!

At this moment, Yuan Yutang's mind and mind were united, as if he had turned into a frightened wild horse king. His two raised feet were like the front hooves of a wild horse, carrying the artistic conception of crushing everything, and while avoiding the slash of the scar-faced captain, he was unstoppable. Step on his head.

giggling~

Amidst the clear and crisp sound of bone shattering, Captain Scarface's whole good head was trampled to pieces like a ripe watermelon, red and white, and filthy things shot out like rain.

Tread...

The army horse, which was out of the knight's control, still ran wildly, carrying the headless corpse, rushed into the forest and disappeared.

After stepping on the head of Captain Scarface, Yuan Yutang landed lightly, exhaled softly, and sprayed a long white mist like a sword from his mouth and nose.

Killing the evil wolf, the mind is a little calm, but the killing intent has not been calmed down.

Suddenly, a needle can be heard on the scene.

The rest of the cavalry were overwhelmed by this sudden scene, their brains couldn't turn their heads for a while, and they were shocked on the spot.


The elite is worthy of being an elite, and their psychological testing ability is strong. Soon there were werewolf cavalrymen awakened, and there was a chirping bird cry. The rest of the cavalry came back to their senses. Arrows, waiting for an opportunity to attack.

These cavalry are skilled in bow and horse, and they cooperate seamlessly, fully exerting their numerical advantages to the fullest.

If it were another boxing master with superb martial arts skills, I'm afraid he wouldn't be able to last a few rounds.

It has nothing to do with being brave or not. A few more lives are not enough to kill one's own force against the military formations on the battlefield.

It's a pity that Yuan Yutang is not an ordinary boxer, he is a warlock with mana!

It was too late and then quickly, Yuan Yutang twisted his body slipperily and strangely like a snake to avoid the two roaring interlaced steel knives, took a step, and dragged a straight trace in the red-stained snow, swam forward, An elbow hit the front leg of an oncoming horse.

With a click, the horse's leg was smashed to pieces, and it lost its balance, throwing the knight on its back flying.

Yuan Yutang chased forward with his lips pursed, scratched in the air, and the next moment, a horrific scream resounded through the forest.

Before the unlucky cavalryman landed, his entire jaw was gone, his neck was torn open, his throat was torn off, blood gushed out like a fountain, he groaned a few times, and died after landing.

After a successful blow, Yuan Yutang withdrew and spun, like a high-speed spinning top, dashing left and right between the impact of the horse like a ghost, turning into a ruthless judge, reaping the sinful lives to his heart's content.

A werewolf cavalry was hit in the back by Yuan Yutang's knee, and his entire back was sunken. He flew a few meters away with his horse and hit a big tree, killing both men and horses.

A werewolf cavalry was kicked in the throat, his neck bones were shattered, his head was limp against his back, and his death was tragic.

Another werewolf cavalry was grabbed with both arms and torn off suddenly. His two arms were torn off like a piece of paper, and he was thrown away screaming.

All kinds of different and bloody killings were frantically staged. In less than half a stick of incense, all the more than ten cavalrymen who attacked were brutally killed.

Yuan Yutang was drenched in blood, his immature face was dripping with blood, like an evil spirit returning from hell to take revenge, when he looked around, no one dared to look at him.

The cavalry with bows and bows on guard on the periphery were terrified. Although they were known for their toughness and bravery, they were reckless in battles, but as long as they were individuals, they would have their psychological limits.

At this time, Yuan Yutang, who was like a bloody ghost, how could they match?

I don't know which cavalryman wailed first, dropped his bow and arrow, turned around and ran away.

Like a knocked-down bone promise card, the terrified surviving cavalry followed suit and fled in all directions.

Yuan Yutang smirked, bent down and picked up a steel knife on the ground, turned over and rode on the red rabbit, and chased after him.

He will not let go of any of these evil executioners!


		