

Before he came down, he knew that the well was unfathomable, but when he actually came down, he realized that the well was unfathomably deep.

In order to test how deep the bottom of the well was, he deliberately picked up a fist-sized stone.

Grasping the big iron chain and throwing it down, he listened intently for a long time, but he never heard the sound of landing.

Taking a deep breath, Yuan Yutang moved down inch by inch like walking on thin ice.

The further you go down, the denser and darker the white mist becomes, as if leading to hell.

I don't know how long this huge patio has been deserted. The walls of the well are covered with a thick layer of dry moss, exuding a stench that is pungent to the eyes.

Yuan Yutang held his breath and went all the way down, secretly calculating the distance.

He had already descended to a depth of at least two miles, and he still hadn't seen the bottom of the well. He really couldn't imagine where the bottom of the well led.

Suddenly, with his own night vision ability, he vaguely saw something inlaid on the wall of the well not far below.

It was rare to find an abnormality, so he hurriedly crawled there.

As he approached, he realized that it was actually a person.

No, to be precise, it should be a corpse.

A mummy who had been dead for an unknown period of time, with half of its body fused with the wall of the well.

The clothes on the mummy had been decayed long ago, leaving only strips of cloth that could not see the original color hanging on the body, the limbs were twisted, and the facial features were hideous, as if they had suffered great pain before death.

Seeing this, Yuan Yutang couldn't help feeling a little puzzled.

There is no gap in the well wall around the mummy, so how was this mummy embedded?

After thinking about it, he decided to check it carefully.

Never thought, he really found a clue.

On the moss-covered wall of the well, blurred words appeared crookedly, and a piece of peeled-off nail could be seen in the gap.

According to the traces, Yuan Yutang quickly came to a conclusion.

This text is obviously the last words left by the mummy with his bare hands before he died.

Originally, he was worried that he might miss important information because of the language barrier, but when he looked carefully, he realized that it was in square Daxia characters, and he was relieved.

Looking intently, Yuan Yutang suddenly showed horror.

The last words read:

There are ghosts, don't go near the wall of the well!

All of a sudden, Yuan Yutang got goosebumps all over his body.

Ghost?

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

Where is the ghost?

Why can't you get close to the wall of the well? Could it be that you will be attacked by ghosts if you get close to the wall of the well?

This last statement seemed to contain a lot of information, but also seemed to contain nothing, and Yuan Yutang couldn't help but give up.

Looking up at the mouth of the well where there was only a vague outline left, Yuan Yutang gritted his teeth and continued to run down.

After another half an hour, Yuan Yutang was almost exhausted, the bottom of the well was already out of reach, and the mist around him was as solid as solid, giving him the illusion of being in a room of flowing mercury.

Suddenly, Yuan Yutang's ears twitched suddenly, and his whole body froze, clinging tightly to the big iron chain, not daring to move.

Just now, he seemed to hear a sad and lingering opera.

The deep ancient well alone, the dense and invisible mist, coupled with the inexplicably strange opera, it is scary no matter how you think about it.

People are prone to hallucinations and auditory hallucinations in an extremely quiet environment, and Yuan Yutang is not sure if he heard it correctly.

After waiting for half a stick of incense, everything was calm as before, Yuan Yutang couldn't help but heaved a sigh of relief, cursed insanely, and was about to continue on his way.

unexpected!

"There is no use complaining about fate in destiny, the sound of loneliness, the phoenix tree should not, whoever listens to the dream in the dream..."

Yuan Yutang's complexion changed drastically. This time he was sure that he had heard correctly, and he couldn't help feeling terrified.

Suddenly raised his head and looked upwards, there unexpectedly appeared out of thin air the head of Huadan with painted eyebrows and jewels on his temples, smiling at Yuan Yutang with a sinister expression.

In an instant, Yuan Yutang felt that the blood all over his body was congealed instantly, and his back felt chills.

What the hell, there really are ghosts!

The Huadan female ghost moved freely in the well wall as if she could pass through walls and objects. Sometimes she scratched her head and posed, and sometimes sang songs sadly, scaring Yuan Yutang into a daze.

In other words, the mummy was attacked by this female ghost and dragged into the well wall to starve to death?

Looking at each other briefly, Yuan Yutang suddenly crawled down like a puppet on a tight chain.

It is not suitable to stay here for a long time, if you don't want to follow the footsteps of mummy, you have to stay away from Huadan female ghost.

The Huadan female ghost was not in a hurry when she saw her prey running away, she sang a few tunes with interest, and then slowly hid in the well wall.

Yuan Yutang knew that no matter how he climbed, he couldn't climb faster than the female ghost walking through the wall, so he could only take risks and jump forward.

Just after jumping from one chain to the top of the next three chains, I suddenly felt my ankle tighten, and my heart skipped a beat.

(This chapter is not finished, please turn the page)

A pale and bloodless ghost hand protruded from the well wall out of thin air, tightly clung to his ankle, and then the terrifying head of Huadan female ghost also emerged from the well wall, staring at him with a deadly fake smile on his face. By Yuan Yutang.

Yuan Yutang gasped, then raised his foot instinctively, and kicked the female ghost's head.

Then a weird scene happened.

He watched helplessly as his muddy paws went straight through Huadan's head and kicked onto the hard wall of the well.

The strong reaction force almost made him lose his balance and fall.

One wave of ups and downs and another wave of ups and downs.

Before he regained his footing, the ghostly hand yanked into the wall of the well in vain.

Yuan Yutang's heart beat like a drum, and his adrenal hormones shot wildly.

On the line of life and death, his thinking ability is faster than ever.

The ancient book "Tiangang Secret Art"? no response.

Silver cross? Still no response.

The body is empty, and it is futile to try to use magical powers many times.

The surrounding area is extremely dry, and the airflow is weak. It is undoubtedly wishful thinking to use this weak instinct to deal with the disembodied Huadan female ghost.

Are you sure you're dead?

Thinking that there was nothing he could do, Yuan Yutang couldn't help being so anxious that he almost lost control.

Suddenly, a method suddenly appeared in his mind, saving him from despair.

No matter in the previous life or in the present life, there seems to be rumors among the folks that the boy urinates to drive away ghosts.

I don't know if it will work or not, Yuan Yutang can only act like a living horse doctor, gritted his teeth and freed one hand to untie his trouser belt, and the other hand firmly grasped the iron chain to prevent being dragged into the well wall.

In a hurry, his left leg had sunk into the well wall to the knee.

Yuan Yutang was anxious, but the more anxious he was, the easier it was to make mistakes.

The bottom of the trousers, which can be easily untied on weekdays, became tighter and tighter in the panic.

Yuan Yutang was so anxious that his mouth was bubbling, he suddenly became ruthless, directly tore his crotch, and revealed his unique magic weapon.

The lumbar spine trembled, and a pale yellow and warm water column gushed out, hitting the astonished Huadan female ghost accurately.

"Wow~"

Amidst a shrill scream, the female ghost of Huadan was doused with sulfuric acid, and all the delicate makeup on her face was destroyed.

Yuan Yutang was still in shock, shaking his unique magic weapon in shock, unable to calm down for a long time.

(end of this chapter)

7017k




		