

The road to seeking the Tao is often accompanied by bumps and hardships.

Because the human race is favored by the way of heaven, when some alien cultivation reached the bottleneck and could no longer make any progress, they suddenly thought of creating a sinister shortcut method - begging for a seal.

The meaning of asking for seals is to let living people preach on behalf of the heavens, to seal inhumans and aliens, and to help them break through the bottleneck.

Although this method is wonderful, it has two major hazards.

First, there are too many unstable factors in this method. If you succeed, you will break through the shackles and move towards a new realm. If you fail, you will lose ten to decades of cultivation, which is full of dangers in gambling.

Second, if the person who is being challenged refuses the imperial seal, it will cause great damage to the cultivation base of the other kind, and will often form an endless hatred; if he opens his mouth to seal it, it will also damage his own luck, be backlashed by luck, and not die well.

It can be seen that the law of begging for silence harms others and benefits oneself, and it is completely an evil law that puts the living to death.

Of course Yuan Yutang knew about the evil method of begging to be sealed, but he didn't expect that on a whim, he planned to play tricks on the monkey monster, and unexpectedly made a mistake and proclaimed him as the Monkey King.

This is nonsense.

Not to mention the loss of his own luck and backlash in the future, just how to escape from the red-eyed monsters in the hall now is enough to give him a headache.

If he had known that this situation would happen, he would not have come to this kind of banquet if he was killed.

Yuan Yutang remained calm on the surface, but actually panicked inside, pretending to turn a blind eye to the countless greedy and scorching gazes, his mind was running fast, and he was racing against time to think of a way out.

Needle dropping could be heard in the main hall, and heavy breathing could be heard endlessly.

Immortality, ascension and detachment are not only the ultimate pursuits that mortals dream of, but also aliens.

If there is a shortcut, who wants to spend hundreds of years in hard work?

Most of the deeds that I heard before were wild beasts that used the ignorance of the country people to steal secrets when they were close to the threshold of the goblin realm. Have you ever seen a miracle that a goblin can directly break through to the edge of the big goblin realm with a casual decree?

There is one thing to say, all the goblins or monsters present here, without exception, have worked hard for a hundred to hundreds of years to achieve their current state. Although they knew the way to win the title before, most of them sneered in their hearts .

If a casual mortal could break through to the Great Demon Realm by simply opening his mouth, who would still practice painstakingly?

I am afraid that all the living creatures that have been seen have been caught long ago, and they will be kept in captivity. If someone changes every day to force him to seal him, he will be able to ascend immediately.

But is it possible?

The way of heaven is ruthless and unpredictable, how could it be possible to leave such an obvious loophole?

but! !

Everything is most afraid of exceptions.

The miracles on the monkey monsters were witnessed by them. Is this false?

In order to achieve immortality, who wouldn't risk their lives to fight against the sky, fight with people, and fight for the glimmer of hope?

Now the shortcut to Zhongnan is in front of you, you can't let go of anything! !

Suddenly, all the monsters began to move around, and the red eyes glowed fiercely.

Yuan Yutang clearly sensed the changes of the demons, his scalp was numb, his heart was ruthless, and he was ready to fight to the death.

Just when the monsters were about to join forces to capture Yuan Yutang first and then discuss the distribution of spoils, a sudden awe-inspiring momentum descended like a violent storm.

"Wait, do you want to play wild in my land!"

Immediately afterwards, an angry and majestic roar resounded through the hall like thunder.

The hot-headed monsters suddenly woke up as if they had been poured cold water in the middle of winter, and looked at the elegant middle-aged man who rarely got angry in the chief seat in horror.

I saw Huang Qisu's beard and hair without any wind, his dark pupils suddenly turned golden and vertical, his canine teeth protruded from his lips, and he bared his teeth and said, "Daoist Yuan is the benefactor of my Huang clan, and also a distinguished guest I personally invited. You wait for the wine bag and rice bag to be harmful to them, but is it harmful to bully my minions?"

The little white mouse, who had been acting as the wine officer with low eyebrows and pleasing eyes, also suddenly appeared. His small body, which was less than the size of a palm, swelled suddenly, and quickly became a terrifying beast the size of a calf, with hair like needles, fierce eyes, and eager to try.

Huang Qisu changed from his gentle and elegant attitude before, like a prehistoric beast that traveled through time and space, with a terrifying aura like mountains, overwhelming all the monsters.

It was only then that the demons remembered that they were now in the temple of the Shoushan Great Immortal, their life and death depended on Huang Qisu's thought, and they tried to touch his guests under his nose, wouldn't they be asking for their own death?

In an instant, the arrogance of all the monsters disappeared, and they were as silent as cicadas.

Suppressing the courage of the demons, Huang Qisu restrained his momentum, returned to normal form, and said a word coldly between his lips and teeth.

"roll!"

All the monsters, as if they had been pardoned, scrambled and scrambled, fleeing in a hurry.

Until the crisis was resolved, Yuan Yutang's extremely tense nerves finally relaxed, so that he could hang limp on the ground.

"Daoist, I didn't expect such an accident to cause you trouble. I solemnly apologize to you." Huang Qisu came to Yuan Yutang with a wry smile, and solemnly bowed and apologized to him.

Yuan Yutang was so upset that he could only laugh dryly when he heard the words.

Huang Qisu immediately ordered the restored little white mouse to arrange the servants to rearrange the banquet.

After the banquet was re-arranged, the little white mouse turned away the servants, and only Yuan Yutang and Huang Qisu were left sitting opposite each other in the empty hall.

After calming down, Yuan Yutang's face was not relaxed at all.

Because although the threat of the demons has been resolved, the crisis has not really gone away.

He is now like an alien version of Tang Monk. In theory, as long as any monster gets him, he can quickly break through the realm unimpeded.

and!

Although all the monsters retreated, there is still a more terrifying and unfathomable existence in the hall than all the monsters.

Huang Qisu!

Facing Yuan Yutang's scrutinizing gaze, Huang Qisu couldn't help sighing, and said with a wry smile, "The priest doesn't need to be so wary of this old man. This old man is different from ordinary monsters. Their way is different from my way."

Yuan Yutang nodded when he heard the words, and said in a deep voice, "That's true. Mr. Huang is following the righteous way of resonating luck and living the same life as the country. As long as you follow the steps, you will have a bright future."

After a pause, Yuan Yutang's eyes turned cold, "But Mr. Huang also said just now that you are not an ordinary monster with a weak force. Behind you, there is a huge Huang family!"

"I just want to ask you, will you give up the opportunity to greatly increase the strength of the entire ethnic group?"

As soon as these words came out, the atmosphere in the hall suddenly stagnated.

No wonder Yuan Yutang treats a gentleman's belly with a villain's heart. It must be known that this kind of great opportunity is related to the interests of the family. It is difficult for personal feelings to play a role, especially in the ancient feudal world where clans are valued. exception.

Yuan Yutang looked on coldly, Huang Qisu was expressionless, only the little white mouse looked normal, pouring wine and food for the two of them calmly, as if living in their own world.

After a while, Huang Qisu got up suddenly, picked up the wine cup and drank it down in one gulp, then smashed the wine cup violently, and said with a long sigh of relief, "What the Taoist priest said is very true, to tell you the truth, just now a certain In an instant, the old man really had evil thoughts, and wanted to put the Taoist priest under house arrest, so as to help the descendants of our clan break through quickly."

"However, if this is the case, what is the meaning of the Dao that the old man is tirelessly pursuing?"

"The reason why our aliens want to cultivate and seek the Tao is to get rid of ignorance and savagery. If you are full of selfish desires and disregard human relations, no matter how deep your cultivation is, how is it different from a wild beast?"

"If Mr. Huang Qi knew that the old man would avenge his kindness and mistreat his benefactor, he would definitely skin the old man and cramp himself, as a warning to others."

"People in the world often say that a weasel must take revenge, but it ignores our love and righteousness!"

"We will go through fire and water for the sake of kindness, and we will not hesitate!"

"So, this old man would like to sincerely apologize to you for the filth just now, and at the same time implore you, don't despise the entire Huang family because of this old man's fault~"

Huang Qisu's words were spoken with deep affection, as if they came from the heart.

But Yuan Yutang is routinely skeptical.

Non-my family, its heart must be different!

This principle has long been deeply rooted in Yuan Yutang's bone marrow, and he can't treat different people equally.

The immortal families of the Northeast Dao are in power, and the most famous ones are the Five Great Immortals.

They are Hu Xian (fox), Huang Xian (weasel), Bai Xian (hedgehog), Liu Xian (snake) and Hui Xian (mouse). Huang Qilang.

On the first day Yuan Yutang traveled to this world, he had the good fortune to become acquainted with Mr. Huang Qi because he accidentally rescued a trapped weasel. Even his horse, the red rabbit horse, was a gift from Mr. Huang Qi.

If he didn't have Mrs. Huang's material mount, he would have died in the snowfield of Saibei. How could he have met his mentor, the sloppy Taoist, let alone the slaying of the evil ghost with his hands, and gained 100 points of merit to activate the magical power of 'calling the wind and calling the rain'.

There is a fixed number for every drink and peck.

Although he owed the entire Huang family a debt of gratitude for saving the descendants of Grandpa Huang Qi, but compared to the favor that Grandpa Huang Qi had done to him, it was nothing worth mentioning.

That's why when he received an invitation from Huang Qisu, a member of the Huang clan, he went to the banquet without hesitation even though he knew he was seriously injured.

It's just that the plan is not as fast as the change. How could he think that an ordinary banquet would cause such a big disturbance.

No matter what, after tonight, his life is about to undergo drastic changes.

Seemingly seeing Yuan Yutang's worries, Huang Qisu promised seriously, "Half of the responsibility for what happened tonight is on the old man, if the old man hadn't invited you because of his troubles, this kind of thing wouldn't have happened.

The old man must do his best to block the news, but the Taoist leader also needs to make early preparations.

There is no impenetrable wall in the world. Since something happened, it will definitely leak out. The difference is only a matter of time. "

"The world's demons are so crazy. Once they know the magic of the Daoist Jinkou's order, they will definitely come to attack. At that time, the Daoist will never have a peaceful day."

As he said that, Huang Qisu took off a jade pendant from his waist, handed it to Yuan Yutang with both hands, and said sincerely, "This jade pendant is a small magic weapon that this old man sacrificially refines. If you encounter something invincible, you can crush the jade pendant, no matter where you are, the old man will definitely arrive within ten breaths!"

"The old man was enshrined in the temple by the Great Xia's Edict. He couldn't help himself. He couldn't protect the Taoist priest all the time. If you still don't think it's safe enough..."

"No need!" Yuan Yutang flatly refused.

Of course he knew what Huang Qisu's unfinished words meant, and he wanted him to go to the headquarters of the Huang clan.

Although it is said that with the protection of Mr. Huang Qi, he should be safe and sound, but he would not want to live this kind of life if he were to live under the fence for the rest of his life.

If you don't speculate, it's useless to talk more.

Huang Qisu didn't dare to persuade them anymore, for fear of hurting each other's peace, the conversation tonight ended here, and he personally asked the personal priest Xiaobaishu to escort Yuan Yutang back to Anmin Village.

After returning, Yuan Yutang arbitrarily woke up Mian Hulu and the others regardless of the midnight, even if his injuries got worse, he had to rush on the road overnight.

Only in the city of Gyeongju, the capital of his province, can he recuperate with peace of mind to deal with the endless crises in the future.

Under the stars and the moon, in the bumpy carriage, Yuan Yutang showed a trace of helplessness on his pale face.

time waits for me~


		