

Hair is common, everyone has hair, or has had hair, nothing unusual.

But when the amount of hair reaches a certain level, it is easy to cause panic.

Just like now.

A large amount of hair gushed out from the bottom of the sea like ink blurring in the water, and covered nearly half a mile of sea surface in the blink of an eye, spreading rapidly like endless.

And the instigator of all this is the ghostly shadow holding his hair and bowing his head and crying.

Yuan Yutang stood up with difficulty, and couldn't help but feel his hair stand on end.

Suddenly blessed to the heart, he remembered a passage in the "Da Huang Jing" recorded in the sect master's secret book:

There are ghosts in the world, women with cool appearances, hair like waterfalls, born to be yin and filthy, naturally love water and live, often hold their hair and cry, they are called crying hair girls, when people ask where their hair goes, how do they answer? If you make a mistake, you must kill it.

Another ghost among ghosts!

What kind of bad luck did I have? Why have I been so sloppy recently, and I always encountered some rare and terrifying ghosts one after another.

Yuan Yutang stood up tremblingly, looked around, except for the weird black hair that kept expanding, there was a boundless sea around him, even if he wanted to run away, he had nowhere to go.

"Whoa, my hair~"

"Whoa, where did my hair go?"

"Whoa, give me back my hair~"

The crying hair girl held her hair and sobbed, chanting three sentences over and over in her mouth. Every time she repeated it, the speed of black hair spreading was a little faster.

Yuan Yutang originally wanted to escape into the water while the crying girl didn't attack him for the time being.

It's just that as soon as he moved, the black-haired ground under his feet rioted instantly, crazily entangled his feet and spread upwards.

"Fuck~" Yuan Yutang uttered a foul word in horror, desperately trying to break off the life-threatening black hair on his body.

Unexpectedly, those wet black hairs looked fragile, but they were actually as strong as steel wires, even Yuan Yutang's brute strength would be hard to break.

And the more he struggled, the faster the black hair tangled up.

Soon Yuan Yutang's arms were entangled and he couldn't move.

Then the shoulders, then the neck.

Yuan Yutang felt like an insect stuck to spider silk, about to be smothered to death with black hair clogging his mouth and nose.

However, the black hair just stopped around his neck.

Before he had time to be happy, a strange force suddenly lifted him up and pulled him laterally in front of Tifa Nu.

Yuan Yutang gasped with a hiss, he knew that the real test of life and death was coming.

"Woo woo woo~"

Amidst the chilling crying, a weeping girl who lowered her head and sobbed slowly raised her head from the moment she appeared.

Just looking at it, Yuan Yutang almost couldn't help feeling sick.

God, there are such disgusting faces in the world.

Under the thick black hair is a horrible grimace. Two pale ghost eyes occupy the eye sockets. Down there are mung bean nostrils like fishes, and then there is a purple mouth full of rotten teeth. Hei Dakou.

Although this combination of facial features is weird enough, what really makes Yuan Yutang disgusted is the face other than the facial features.

Every pore on the crying hair girl's face is thick enough to be stuffed with sesame seeds, and there are blackheads wriggling in it, as if all the pores are filled with parasites, it's a disgusting mess.

"Wooooow, my hair is gone, do you know where my hair went?" Sure enough, the crying girl didn't kill immediately, but asked an outrageous question according to the records in "The Great Wilderness" .

Yuan Yutang's face was ashen, and he was desperately thinking about how to deal with it.

There is one thing to say, Tifa Girl is a bit like the urban legend of the monster Ripper Girl who was widely spread in Dongying Kingdom in the previous life.

Legend has it that the Gap Girl will specially select children who are alone and ask them if they are beautiful. If the answer is beautiful, she will reveal her original shape and ask them again.

If the child answered truthfully that he was not beautiful, she would kill and eat the person on the spot.

If she answered beautifully against her will, she would tear the child's mouth to resemble hers.

This is already a paradoxical proposition, no matter how you answer it, it will lead to a dead end.

The same is true for the crying hair girl, who obviously holds a large tuft of hair in her hand, but asks where the hair went.

Therefore, as long as Yuan Yutang opened his mouth, he would surely die.

Feeling the entwined hair getting closer, Yuan Yutang became more and more difficult to breathe, and couldn't help feeling desperate.

Just now he was fantasizing, hoping that the ancient book could turn the tide like many times in the past when he was in a desperate situation.

But since entering the Tianmen Pavilion, "Tiangang Secret Art" seems to have been silent, and there has been no response until now.

In the end, his hope was shattered, and Yuan Yutang's heart sank to the bottom of the valley.

Confused, his whole body was in pain like being torn apart, and the weeping girl suddenly wanted to strangle him into a meat paste.

As he was dying, Yuan Yutang seemed to hear the sound of something breaking inside his body, and immediately lost consciousness.

Suddenly.

A monstrous yin energy that did not belong to Yuan Yutang burst out suddenly, like a swollen ball, it just broke all the hair of the weeping girl.

In an instant, the situation on the sea changed color, and the sky was cloudy.

"roll!"

An extremely violent roar suddenly came from Yuan Yutang's body, like a hurricane hitting the shore, instantly shattering all the wriggling black hair within a radius of ten feet.

"Wow~"

The crowing female ghost screamed and retreated hastily.

It was nearly a mile away before she dared to stand still. Countless black hair emerged from the bottom of the water, swirling one after another, like a huge dark cloud covering the sky and the sun.

For the first time, the weeping girl's ugly and ferocious grimace showed a solemn expression, and she crawled uncomfortably, as if she was wary of some powerful enemy.

Yuan Yutang's head was drooping, his saliva was flowing, and the strong wind was like invisible steps, suspending him above the sea magically.

Suddenly, his lips moved, and he slowly opened his mouth and said, "This kid belongs to me, if he dares to cross the boundary, I will light your sky lantern!"

Before the words fell, a substantial gust of flames rolled away, causing thousands of ripples on the sea.

"Whoa, my hair~"

Sensing the danger, the wriggling hair instantly condensed into a giant shield, which resisted the impact of the flames.

boom!

A loud noise suddenly swayed away, and the aftermath of the collision set off monstrous waves, like a storm on the sea.

"Whoa, hair, hair~"

As if being stimulated, the weeping girl raised her head and let out a heart-piercing cry, which immediately melted into her thick hair like a dark cloud, and shot away as a black thunderbolt.

Yuan Yutang's eyes were clearly closed, but he seemed to see everything, and the corners of his mouth twitched stiffly in a sneer, "You're so overconfident, are you worthy of grabbing food with me?"

As he spoke, he slowly raised his hands and crossed his forehead like a puppet on a string, with great momentum.

"Ten Laws Instant Cut!"

Suddenly, a line that seemed to penetrate the sky and the earth suddenly appeared, and disappeared without a trace in an instant.

In the next second, it was as high as the sky, as deep as the sea, and as small as a splash of water. Everything that was visible seemed to be cut neatly by an invisible blade.

The weeping girl who was sprinting with endless black hair was suffocated in vain, and countless thin transparent threads crawled all over her body quietly.

There was a dense sound of collapse like a steel bar being snapped.

In the end, the crying hair girl was like a patchwork of building blocks, slowly and irreversibly shattered in the air.

The unknown consciousness in Yuan Yutang's body is so terrifying that even the weeping girl who can instantly kill the ghost bride at the peak of resentment is not an all-in-one enemy.

After getting rid of the crying hair girl, the unknown consciousness did not hide, and controlled Yuan Yutang's body to "look around" for a week, roaring inexplicably in grief and indignation, "Zhuge Pifu, how dare you insult me ​​like this?"

"When I find my real body and be reborn, I will slaughter all your descendants!"

Seemingly unable to bear the terrifying murderous aura, cracks suddenly appeared on Yuan Yutang's body surface, as if his body would be smashed to pieces in the next moment.

The momentum of the explosion of unknown consciousness is too strong, as if the space can't hold it, the boundless sea full of scars pours back crazily, the sky is cracked, as if the end is coming.

Suddenly, the mutation regenerated.

The ancient book "Secret Art of Tiangang", which had been silent for a long time, suddenly became radiant, and the silver cross held tightly by Yuan Yutang also radiated pure white holy light.

The two vast and deep supreme powers suppressed the violent unknown consciousness at the same time like Mount Tai pressing down on the top.

"Ah~ Damn it!"

"Don't think that I will give up easily, the day when I am reborn will be the day when this world will be destroyed!"

After the harsh words, that sense of ignorance completely disappeared.

In the supreme glory and the holy light, the cracks on Yuan Yutang's body quickly healed.

Before this space completely collapsed, two mighty forces suddenly flashed and disappeared together with Yuan Yutang.


At the same time, in the unknown area of ​​Tianmen Pavilion, a group of people are running for their lives.

The ubiquitous ashes and thick smoke obstructed the vision, and you would lose your way if you didn't pay attention.

These thirty or so people panicked like overly frightened antelopes, and ran for nearly two hours at a stretch. They didn't dare to stop until they were sure that danger was not chasing them.

Most of the people had an expression of lingering fear, and their eyes were full of fear.

Even the majestic and unpredictable Naimertai lost his composure.

Looking at the distressed old subordinates present, Namurtai suddenly burst into an unknown evil fire in his heart.

He never expected that he would receive a devastating blow just after entering the secret realm of the Tianmen attic.

You must know that the more than 300 golden-armored Bayara warriors who are still loyally following him today are his last team. After encountering the self-destruct attack of the faceless monster, they died and scattered.

Today, the only survivors are these people.

Thinking of the heavy loss, even if it is as cold and cold-blooded as him, he can't help but bleed in his heart.

Those faceless monsters are really terrifying, not to mention the large number, and they are not easy to kill, and once they come into contact with them, they will explode instantly.

The power of the explosion was so powerful that even if he was hit head-on, he couldn't guarantee that he would be unscathed.

And he also saw with his own eyes that a new faceless monster was born in the flames of the explosion.

How can this be done?

The number is too large to kill, and it comes with rebirth. Let alone these hundreds of people, even if all the three banners of the Tushan tribe at their peak were brought in, they would not be able to deal with this weird monster.

As for the ally Situ Hongyi?

Hehe, it would be nice to save the lives of more than 30 tribesmen in the face of the catastrophe, who would care about those southern barbarians?

While thinking, a slight sound of footsteps suddenly entered Naimertai's ears.

Immediately, he jumped up like a frightened bird, and shouted sharply:

"Who, who's in front?"


		