

Lin Long frowned slightly: "Don't bother me? Do I have to thank you?"

Hongjun, an old man, puts on a very high posture, but he forgot one thing.

The Lin Long of today is not the Lin Long of the past!

Back then Lin Long was not strong enough, facing Hongjun's retreat, Lin Long naturally took a step back happily.

But now, Lin Long's strength is no less than Hongjun's, and he has raised his eyebrows to help him. If he just retreats like this, he is undoubtedly a real idiot!

Besides, if I retreat here, why should I come to this muddy water?

The Four Swords of Zhuxian and the diagram of Zhuxian are bound to be won!

"Hongjun, even though Luo Hu has fallen, it doesn't mean Hong Huang can let you do whatever you want."

"Back then you two secretly poked and poked at the back of the three clans, didn't you know?"

"Now that I think about it, I have to ask you for an explanation!"

Although he was talking, it did not prevent Lin Long from taking action. Behind him, a phantom of a giant dragon slowly emerged.

The million-foot-high dragon hovered and danced in the western world, with a pair of vertical pupils staring at Hongjun, like a god looking down on an ant.

With his feet raised to the level of a half-step Chaos Demon God, Lin Long's body became bigger and bigger.

Naturally, the primordial spirit is also bigger!

If compared with Zulong at its peak, then Zulong is not even an ant in front of him!

Even if it is the phantom of the primordial spirit, all the great powers of the prehistoric world can still feel it, and they are deeply shocked.

Not Zhoushan.

Nu Wa looked excitedly at the phantom in the sky, and couldn't help shouting: "Brother, it's Brother Lin! That's Brother Lin's real body!"

Fuxi also nodded, his eyes full of shock: "I really didn't expect that Brother Lin's strength has reached this level."

"Brother Lin said before that there are still a few people in Honghuang who are not his opponents. Now that I think about it, it should be the demon ancestor Luohu, Hongjun, and the raised eyebrow ancestor who suddenly appeared."

"However, from what this means, brother Lin has broken through again, and he is no longer afraid of these three people."

These years, Fuxi asked himself that he was also very diligent in cultivation, but the distance between him and Lin Long was getting farther and farther.

Seeing Lin Long's gigantic phantom, Fuxi finally accepted the reality that he was indeed not as good as Lin Long, and it was better not to compare with this one, otherwise, he would only be hit continuously.

Longevity Hill, Wuzhuang Temple.

Zhen Yuanzi raised his head to look to the west, and said quietly: "Fellow Daoist Lin Long, I haven't seen you for many years, but I've reached such a state. I'm really ashamed. I have been stuck in the late stage of Daluo Jinxian in my practice for many years, and I haven't made any progress."

Hong Yun on the side was holding a jug in his hand, spread it out on the chair without the slightest sign of sitting, and said indifferently: "Zhen Yuanzi, fellow Taoist Lin Long is a talent from the sky, and comparing him to him is purely for myself." It's not fun to find."

"Speaking of which, what is the identity of Hongjun who is fighting fellow Daoist Lin Long? Why is he so strong as if he appeared out of nowhere?"

Hong Yun was quite puzzled, and this was also the confusion in the hearts of most people in Honghuang.

This is also the reason why Hongjun is too low-key. After all, Hongjun and Luo Hu used to hide behind the scenes of the three clans, and rarely appeared in front of others.

In the eyes of many creatures, Hongjun's appearance was too sudden, such a person had never been heard of before.

But in this prehistoric world, in the final analysis, the hard truth is still the fist.

Hongjun showed his strength today, and it won't be long before Hongjun's name will spread throughout the prehistoric world.

Also spread is Lin Long, the Cyanwood Dragon God.

Compared with Hongjun, Lin Long's reputation is even higher.

After all, he has the background of the dragon clan. When the dragon clan ruled the prehistoric times, naturally many creatures had heard of the name of Lin Long, the green wood dragon god.


Western world.

Jieyin and Zhunti want to cry but have no tears.

"Brother, we in the west, it's really over now!"

The two brothers really regard the western world as their home, but this home has been a bit troubled recently.

Standing beside Zhunti, Jieyin sighed, feeling that his brothers were out of luck.

"Forget it, Zhun Ti, it's not all bad things. At least, that guy Luo Hu is dead, and the west will be all up to you and me in the future."


Looking at the devastated western land, and hearing the words of guidance, Zhunti felt even more sad.

"Damn it, this Luo Hu's death is all for him, he is as hateful as that Aoki Dragon God!"

In Zhun Ti's mind, Lin Long had always been ranked first in the hatred ranking list, but now Luo Hui was like a dark horse, stepping on Lin Long's feet with one leap, and topping the list.

The hatred for Luo Hu ranks first, and the hatred for Lin Long ranks second!

After all, Lin Long was just grabbing a magic weapon and never ruined the western world.

This Luo Hu even blew up his own lair!

In contrast, Lin Long who snatched two treasures is not so hateful.

"Shh, Junior Brother, be careful!"

Jieyin hastily made a silent gesture to Zhunti, his eyes unconsciously drifted to the phantom in the sky.

My dear mother, Zhunti really dares to say anything now, with Lin Long's current status and strength, can he defy him?

"Junior Brother, be careful that misfortune comes out of your mouth."

Zhunti couldn't help but shed tears, no matter how he thought about it, he couldn't figure out why these bosses always liked to make trouble with him.


West, above.

Hongjun squinted his eyes, looked at the phantom of Lin Long's dharma form, and then stopped talking nonsense, the law of heaven slashed at Lin Long like a heavenly knife!

The sound of gold and iron crossing kept ringing.

On the battlefield, space, time, heaven...all kinds of forces are constantly colliding.

It was dark for a while.

During the battle, Lin Long became more proficient at manipulating the Zhuxian Sword Formation.

Immediately with a flick of the finger, six pure bamboo blasts shot out, making the power of Zhuxian Sword Formation even higher!

"What! How is it possible!" The power of the formation increased again, which made Hongjun terrified.

Lin Long has entered a state of selflessness at this moment.

In the Zhuxian Sword Formation, the laws of time and space are continuously integrated.

Then, the law of wind and the law of thunder.

All kinds of laws full of destructive power and destructive power were integrated into the formation by Lin Long.

Zhuxian Sword Formation evolves at an extremely fast speed.

Originally, in the sword formation, there was only sharp sword energy, but now, there is not only sword energy, but the sword energy is fast and slow, and there is no track across the space.

Deep in the formation, like entering another world, thunder and strong wind all appeared.

It really made Hongjun hard to guard against.

What's more, there is a middle-grade Lingbao long sword and six pure bamboos as the eyes, which makes Hongjun have no place to stay.

Coupled with the ancestor Yangmei who was gradually recovering from his injuries, Hongjun became more and more anxious.

[You evolved the Zhuxian Sword Formation and successfully comprehended the supernatural powers of the Dao-level formation, the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace! 】

The Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, with a flick of a finger, the heaven and the earth are born, and everything can be a sword!

[You manipulated the Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace and successfully comprehended the laws of the sword, with a proficiency of 10%]

Two reminders came to mind one after another, and Lin Long smiled.

But Na Hongjun was suffering unspeakably at the moment, and with the use of Lin Long's Heaven and Earth Sword Furnace, it became more and more difficult for him to fight.

"retreat!"

The helpless Hongjun had no choice but to throw countless treasures desperately to block the sword energy, and then retreated violently!

In the blink of an eye, he withdrew from the range of the formation.

However, the treasure he threw fell into the formation and fell into Lin Long's hands.

Hongjun didn't care about the loss of these treasures, but gasped heavily, staring at Lin Long vigilantly: "You are no longer the Immortal Sword Formation! What kind of supernatural power is this?!"

Naturally, Lin Long would not easily tell Hongjun that the treasures he harvested were a surprise, but he was not satisfied with that.

Now that Hongjun is afraid and he has the upper hand, then it's time to talk about the conditions and get his own Four Swords of Jade Immortals and the diagram of Jade Immortals!

As for killing Hongjun here, Lin Long had naturally thought about it, but it was easy to defeat the opponent, but it was too difficult to kill him.


		