

While deciding to arrange for the Wu Clan in his heart, Lin Long had already thought of the Yao Clan's side.

If the witch clan retreats, if the monster clan presses forward step by step, it will only cause the witch clan to explode completely and go to destruction faster.

Compared with the Wu Clan, Di Jun is more difficult to persuade.

The Twelve Ancestral Witches of the Witch Clan actually didn't have any intention of fighting for hegemony. The threat of genocide, coupled with Lin Long's ability to give them a place to hide, could solve most of the problems.

But Di Jun is different, he won't give up so easily.

In order to get rid of the real body of the ancestral witch of the witch clan, he can easily issue an order to massacre billions of human races, and for this he will not hesitate to bear the great karma of the heavens.

It can be said that even if it is said that sacrificing the entire monster clan can unify the prehistoric world, Di Jun will agree without hesitation.

Therefore, against Di Jun, Lin Long had to use some special means.

The space dissipated, and in a trance, the consciousness of the Twelve Ancestral Witches and Lin Long returned to the Pangu Hall.

On the main seat, Lin Long's Mosquito Taoist avatar slowly opened its eyes.

Below, the twelve ancestor witches looked at Lin Long with extremely respectful expressions.

“Mikojin Adult.”

Lin Long nodded: "Have you memorized the world development method and the method of farming and animal husbandry?"

"Return to Lord Wushen's words, and write them down."

"That's good, I'm ready to leave. By the way, the little monkey outside is my little disciple, and I'll hone it with you for a while."

"When the time is right, I will take him away."

The four spirit monkeys themselves have superb fighting talents, and their physical bodies are also extremely tyrannical. If the Wu Clan is such a good training stage, if they don't use it, it will be wasted.

Outside, he was chatting with a group of witches, bragging about how powerful his master is and how much he loves him. The six-eared macaque didn't know it, but when he was bragging, he had already been betrayed by his master.

After leaving the Wu Clan, Lin Long had a smile on his lips.

It can be said that he has gained a lot from this trip to the Wu Clan.

Not only has he mastered the magical powers of the twelve ancestor witches of the witch clan, but he has also realized the peerless magical power of reshaping the Dao.

More importantly, he broke through Hunyuan Da Luo Jinxian.

He surpassed Hongjun in one fell swoop, and from then on, he can swim freely in the prehistoric world, even Hongjun can't do anything to him!

Of course, Lin Long also understands that this is only a temporary victory. Although he has beaten Hongjun now, it is not impossible for Hongjun to catch up.

As for killing Hongjun by relying on his own improvement, Lin Long had thought about it, but soon gave up.

A guy like Hongjun who likes to calculate would not let him find him so easily, and even if he was found, this ancient Chaos Demon God must have some unknown backhand.

I wasn't sure that I could kill Hongjun 100%, and I might even make Hongjun, the sixth son, startle the snake and hide it completely. When I didn't pay attention, I would suddenly give myself a shot in the dark.

This kind of thing is very likely.

What's more, even if he crushed Hongjun with his strong strength, maybe Tiandao will launch a second Hongjun, and a third Hongjun!

suddenly!

Standing at the foot of Buzhou Mountain, Lin Long, who was about to rush to the Yaozu, paused and looked up at the peak of Buzhou Mountain.

"Something is calling me?"

Lin Long was sure that he absolutely did not feel wrong.

Just at that moment, Lin Long felt that something on the top of Buzhou Mountain was conveying some kind of will to him!

This will is very weak, but there is some kind of connection with myself in the dark, so that I can't ignore it even if I want to ignore it.

You know, the current self is Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, Honghuang's well-deserved number one power!

He even has a will that he can't control!

This is simply unbelievable!

Yigao was bold, Lin Long didn't choose to escape, he wanted to see what was on the top of Buzhou Mountain.

However, just to be on the safe side, Lin Long rushed forward without thinking!

"Know the future!"

With the breakthrough of the realm, he will try the precision of knowing the future.

[You used your magical powers to know the future, followed the guidance in your heart, and walked towards the peak of Buzhou Mountain. After reaching the peak, you didn't find anything unusual. Just when you were about to leave, a illusory phantom of consciousness suddenly appeared in front of you , claiming to be Pangu, sent a request to you to take care of the Wu clan. 】

Seeing the prompt in his mind, Lin Long couldn't help being surprised!

The consciousness that called him turned out to be Pangu!

Pangu is still alive!

"wrong."

Lin Long shook his head.

If Pan Gu was still alive, then the prehistoric world would not have been born with the Dao of Heaven.

After all, the Great Desolation was transformed by Pan Gu, and Pan Gu is the real master of this world.

As for the Wu Clan with Pangu's bloodline, it is even more impossible for Pangu to let it perish.

"consciousness?"

Lin Long noticed the word keenly, and had some guesses in his heart.

It is not surprising that Pangu's spine is transformed into Pangu's spine, so it is not surprising that some of Pangu's will remain.

Otherwise, there would not be such a strong coercion.

And the hint in his mind just reminded himself that Pangu wanted to ask himself to take care of the Wu clan.

Obviously, he couldn't do this himself, that is to say, this Pangu didn't have much strength, at least he couldn't threaten him.

After analyzing this point, Lin Long heaved a sigh of relief and no longer worried.

If a master of Pangu's level wanted to seek his own help, of course he had no reason to refuse.

After breaking through Hunyuan Daluo Jinxian, Lin Long clearly felt that the road above was not bright.

Even a little obscure.

There are two reasons for this.

One reason is that Lin Long's heel was not as good as that of the Chaos Demon God, and he only crossed the threshold with half of his foot.

The second is because this place is prehistoric, and if you want to practice the Dao, there is a barrier from heaven.

That's why the road appears to be dark.

And the best way to solve this problem is to find a monk who has reached that level to explain it to himself.

Only in this way can Lin Long find the right path.

But now, in Honghuang, the only ones who can help Lin Long are Hongjun and the ancestor Yangmei who disappeared for a while.

Now, Lin Long finally found a solution.

With his supernatural powers running, Lin Long quickly swept towards the top of the mountain.

In the blink of an eye, he followed the guidance to the place.

But in front of him, there was nothing abnormal.

But because of his supernatural ability to know the future, Lin Long was sure that the remaining will of Pan Gu was here.

Lin Long bowed and saluted in all directions.

"Senior Pan Gu, since you called me here, why don't you show up?"

The sound fell, and there was no movement around.

Lin Long shook his head, feeling a little regretful.

"Since seniors don't want to meet each other, then I will leave, and please take care of seniors."

With that said, Lin Long was about to turn around and leave.

It looked like he was really about to leave.

at this time.

"Fellow Daoist, don't be annoyed, it's not convenient for me to talk now, so please don't take offense."

Lin Long saw not far behind him, an illusory figure gradually condensed into shape.

Immediately, Lin Long turned around and looked at the phantom in front of him.

The great god who opened the sky in the past, Pan Gu!


		