

"Thank you, fellow daoist, for your help. The little girl's Daoist name is Queen Mother of the West. Let's stop chatting here. The Jiaolong clan is very powerful in the West Sea. Fellow daoist, you'd better go."

Lin Long's expression changed slightly when he heard this, and he looked at Queen Mother Xi with a little surprise.

He really didn't expect that the female fairy he rescued at random turned out to be the famous Queen Mother of the West in the future, the head of the female fairy.

In the next second, the image of Duke Dong appeared in Lin Long's mind again, and the corners of his mouth couldn't help twitching.

The Queen Mother of the West, as the head of the female immortals, shouldn't be as virtuous as the East Prince.

"Fellow Daoist, Fellow Daoist? Did you hear what I said? You'd better go, you help me out, I will definitely remember this kindness, but the Xihai Flood Dragon Clan is huge, I heard that they are backed by the Ancient Dragon Clan, don't Wade into this muddy water, fellow daoist, let's go."

Queen Mother Xi looked anxious.

However, Lin Long felt relieved when he heard this. It seems that the Queen Mother of the West and the Prince of the East should have two personalities.

And it's not because of his meddling to save the Queen Mother of the West, the reason why he made the move was because of what Jiaolong said just now.

Flood Dragon Clan!

In this prehistoric world, there are only dragons and miscellaneous dragons. When will Jiaolong be able to stand alone?

Lin Long can allow the Dragon Clan to show weakness and hide themselves, but this kind of differentiation is absolutely not allowed.

Flood dragon also takes up the word "dragon". The dragon clan is keeping a low profile now, but it doesn't mean that miscellaneous dragons like them can do whatever they want.

If these dragons are allowed to make the world into a mess, it will be very troublesome when Lin Long returns with the three clans, so this kind of split must be resolved.

The Jiaolong who had just been let go was probably a small shrimp, and Lin Long also deliberately asked him to go back and call for reinforcements, so that he could catch them all in one go.

The Queen Mother of the West didn't know Lin Long's plan, but felt that Lin Long was self-confident, thinking that the Jiaolong clan could do nothing to him, so she kept persuading Lin Long.

However, Lin Long smiled lightly and said: "Don't worry, fellow Taoist, I also have some connections with the Jiaolong clan, and I know the high-level members of other clans. I will make the decision on this matter and I will help you calm down. But nearby, can I ask for a cup of tea?"

"Ah? This..."

Queen Mother Xi hesitated.

The dragon that he couldn't deal with was like an ant in Lin Long's hands.

Is it too dangerous to bring Lin Long back to the dojo?

But after thinking about it, Queen Mother Xi shook her head inwardly.

"If he really wants to harm me, he doesn't have to wait until he returns to the dojo, that's all, he saved my life anyway."

"Since he doesn't want to leave, then I can't leave him to deal with the Jiaolong clan alone. I just go back to the dojo to make arrangements, so I can prepare myself."

"It would be even better if he could really talk to the senior members of the Flood Dragon Clan and settle this matter."

Queen Mother Xi's thoughts changed, she nodded at Lin Long and said, "Okay, Fellow Daoist saved me, this kindness is as high as the sky, how can I refuse a cup of tea, Fellow Daoist, please come with me."

Lin Long nodded, and then followed the Queen Mother of the West to a fairy mountain island in the West Sea.

"Here, fellow daoist, this is my dojo."

The Queen Mother of the West exposed her sleeves and quickly moved a few formulas.

Immediately, outside the archipelago, a pale golden light curtain appeared in front of his eyes.

The light curtain is like an illusory soap bubble, on which the streamer of color is constantly running.

Following the completion of the Western Queen Mother's technique, the mask flickered a few times, and then disappeared.

"Okay, fellow daoist, please come in."

Lin Long nodded. The formation arranged by the Queen Mother of the West outside her dojo was not particularly clever, at least in Lin Long's eyes, it could be said to be very rough.

Even if he came here only as a clone, if he wants to break this formation, he can do it in one breath.

But for ordinary monks, this array arrangement can be regarded as reaching the public level.

Entering the archipelago, Lin Long really saw the scenery in the archipelago.

It is worthy of being the dojo of female immortals, compared with male immortals, it is a little less solemn and solemn, and a little more quiet and soft.

Lin Long walked slowly on the stone steps, not in a hurry, looking around, as if looking at the scenery.

Soon, Lin and Long arrived at the palace of the Queen Mother of the West.

Queen Mother Xi waved her hand, and a stone table, two stone benches, and a teapot suddenly appeared.

Then, with a backhand, Queen Mother Xi fetched some tea spirit fruits.

"Fellow Daoist, I came in a hurry, and my preparations are shabby, please forgive me."

Queen Mother Xi said apologetically.

Lin Long waved his hand and said, "It's okay, a cup of tea is already good."

The tea is just ordinary fairy tea, which is inferior to Lin Long's Enlightenment Tea.

After taking a sip of tea, Lin Long asked, "Fellow Daoist, the incident happened suddenly just now, and I haven't asked you yet, why did Jiaolong chase you?"

The dragon looked like he was greedy for the beauty of the Queen Mother of the West, but in the huge West Sea, there are many beautiful female fairies, but any creature with some cultivation level would not do such a shameless thing.

If there were no other reasons behind it, even the Eastern Prince Lin Long would not believe it.

When Queen Mother Xi heard Lin Long's words, her pretty face couldn't help but blush.

"Fellow daoist, you don't know that the dragon chased me and wanted to form a Taoist partner with me, not because of my beauty, but because of my dojo and the power under my command."

"Um?"

Hearing this, Lin Long couldn't help being a little surprised: "Fellow Daoist, why not explain in detail."

Now that Hongjun has not been sanctified, naturally there is no Zixiao Palace to preach and enshrine the head of male and female immortals. At this time, the Queen Mother of the West already has power under her command?

"Hey, it's not a secret."

"Ever since the dragon clan disappeared in the prehistoric world and their control over the four seas was greatly weakened, the West Sea has been in chaos."

"Above the West Sea, there are many creatures and many races."

"Flood Dragon, Demon Whale, Peng Niao, and some monster races who are rising up and want to occupy one side."

"Each of them has established some territories in the West Sea."

"Most of those male immortals are ambitious, and the ones who are capable basically occupy their own territory."

"Those who are weaker will join those big forces."

"And most of the female fairies on the West Sea became their spoils of war."

"At first I just couldn't bear it, and when I saw the female fairy being bullied, I helped a bunch."

"But over time, these female fairies have also gathered into a powerful force, and they regard me as the master."

"With a great power, it naturally attracted the attention of all the major forces in the West Sea."

"Whoever can annex me among those big forces now will be able to soar in strength, and even be able to dominate the West Sea, so that's why they turned their ideas on me."

"Actually, we female fairies have no intention of getting involved in this dispute at all. It's just that we have to do it because of our survival."

"This is also the reason why I didn't take anyone with me when I went out this time, but I never wanted to be blocked by that dragon."

After hearing this, Lin Long didn't know what to say for a while.

The Queen Mother of the West was forced to form a force.

And according to what she said, this power is not small.

It's just that the people under him have no will to fight, so their fighting power is not strong, and they have become fat in the eyes of all races.

If Dong Wanggong knew about this, he would be so angry that he would vomit blood.

The prince of the East tried so hard to recruit talents but couldn't find anyone. The Queen Mother of the West sat at home, and her power fell from the sky.

But unfortunately, some benefits are more of a misfortune than a blessing.

"It's no wonder that Hongjun will entrust the Duke of the East and the Queen Mother of the West as the heads of men and women in the future. It turns out that there are signs of it from here. If so, I should intervene."


		