

As soon as he crossed the distance of 300,000 miles, Lin Long immediately felt a surge of spiritual energy.

Even, compared to the place where the plum fruit tree in Huangzhong was discovered just now, the aura is even more abundant!

"Sure enough, I was still limited by my cultivation before, but a yellow plum fruit tree made me feel powerful aura. Right now, this place is the real land of immortals!"

Lin Long took a deep breath, looked at all kinds of exotic flowers and plants, elixir and fairy fruits all over the place, and nodded in satisfaction.

"Linglong Grass, Youluo Flower..."

The densely packed elixir and fairy grass would definitely cause competition in the outside world, but here they are everywhere!

"It can nourish so many elixir and fairy grasses, the treasures here must be extraordinary!"

Lin Long paused for a moment, then looked towards the center of these flowers and plants.

Sure enough, in the center, he saw a lake.

In the lake, three rays of light catch people's eyes, and a lotus platform glowing with white light quietly floats above the three colors.

"This is... Sanguang Shenshui and Jingshi Bailian!"

Lin Long suddenly opened his eyes wide, with an unconcealable joy in his eyes.

Legend has it that the three light gods are the golden sun god water, the silver moonlight god water and the purple starlight god water.

If the Sanguang Shenshui is separated, each has its own effect.

It is said that if the golden sun water is contaminated with living beings, it can wear away their flesh and bones.

The silver moonlight water can corrode the soul of the primordial spirit.

The Starlight Divine Water is even more powerful, it can swallow true spirits!

As for the combination of the Sanguangshen water, it is the most well-deserved holy medicine for healing in the entire prehistoric world, which is enough to restrain all so-called incurable poisons!

What's more, the flesh and bones of the living dead are no problem!

According to Lin Long's understanding, the Sanguang Shenshui should have been in the hands of the later Yuanshi Tianzun. Later, Yuanshi Tianzun gave some to the Cihangdao people, and during the journey to the west, after Sun Houzi pushed down the ginseng fruit tree, the Cihangdao people named Guanyin The ginseng fruit tree was cured with a few drops of Sanguang Shenshui!

You know, the ginseng fruit tree is one of the top ten innate spiritual roots just like Huang Zhongli, so many gods and great powers are helpless!

Just a few drops have such a great effect, here is a lake full of Sanguang Shenshui...

"It's done, it's really done!"

Lin Long couldn't restrain his joy, and turned his head to look at the white lotus platform floating above the three-light divine water.

Legend has it that when Pangu created the world, the creation green lotus was shattered and six lotus seeds were born.

Then, the six lotus seeds turned into six lotus stands.

The green lotus of good fortune, the golden lotus of merit, the black lotus of destroying the world, the red lotus of karma, the purple lotus of reincarnation, and the white lotus of purifying the world!

Among them, the blue lotus of fortune was conceived first, and it is a congenital treasure that cannot withstand the pressure of heaven and earth and turns into a magic weapon for attaining the Tao of Sanqing.

It is the dust whisk transformed from the lotus root, the jade ruyi transformed from the lotus flower, and the Qingping sword transformed from the lotus leaf!

Later generations said that red flowers, white lotus root and clear lotus leaves, the three religions were originally one family, and this is also why.

As for the rest of the lotus platforms, the virtuous golden lotus fell into Hongjun's hands, and was later given to Western religion as a magic weapon to suppress luck.

The Black Lotus of Mieshi fell into the hands of Luo Hu, and disappeared without a trace with Luo Hu's fall.

The Yehuo Red Lotus has always been in the hands of the ancestor Minghe, and the Reincarnation Purple Lotus was finally reincarnated by the Houtu of the Wu Clan, completely completing this world.

All those lotus platforms have disappeared, only the most mysterious white lotus of the world has disappeared without a trace. Unexpectedly, it is in the Three Immortals Island!

"According to the original prehistoric trajectory, this place should be refined by the Eastern Prince, which means that there is a high probability that the treasures on this island were discovered by the Eastern Prince, but it is not ruled out that there are people like me before the Eastern Prince discovered Sneaked in and took the treasure..."

"Fuck, someone will come to Sanxian Island in advance, no, the eighteen defensive formations are still a bit small, or should I arrange a few hundred more defensive formations?"

Thinking of this, Lin Long instantly felt that his safety was not so safe.

After all, if Duke Dong had refined the White Lotus of the Pure World, there would be no reason why he wouldn't take it out to protect himself when he was attacked by the monster clan in the future!

You know, Duke Dong will be tough with Yaozu in the future.

Just do it when you think about it, Lin Long is now a Daluo Jinxian cultivation base, although he has never practiced the magic formula, but the vast magic power is not just for display.

With the help of the formation of the Chaos Orb, Lin Long arranged more than 300 formations to protect the fairy island, and he was relieved.

There is no way, Honghuang is too dangerous, even Da Luo Jinxian is not enough to watch.

Safety first!

After doing all this, Lin Long came to the Sanguang Shenshui and started to refine it.

The positioning of Sanguang Shenshui is relatively vague. It can be called a panacea, a treasure, or a magic weapon.

With his Daluo Jinxian's cultivation base, it is no problem to refine the Sanguang Shenshui of this lake.

Afterwards, without any hesitation, he jumped directly into the lake and began to comprehend and refine the world-cleaning white lotus.

[You have refined the Sanguang Shenshui, and you have begun to comprehend the refinement of the white lotus that purifies the world, and you have realized the practice method that suits you: the Great Way of Creation]

After seeing the reminder, Lin Long was overjoyed: "It seems that the effect of Jingshi Bailian's kung fu is really extraordinary. I just started to comprehend it, and I actually comprehended the practice formula!"

Although his cultivation is already a Daluo Jinxian, but he suffers from the fact that he has no practice formulas and only has an empty frame.

The effect of the white lotus in the world is to help people understand the way of practice.

With the magic formula in his body, his strength is also rising rapidly!

Although his cultivation base is still that of a Da Luo Jinxian, his mana is more than a hundred times more powerful!

And his mental strength, primordial spirit, and physical body... are also improving rapidly with the passage of time!


Time flies, time flies.

The restraints within the White Lotus of the Pure World were untied and refined one by one.

And Lin Long's overall strength is gradually increasing.

Finally, I don't know how long it has passed, as the last restriction of Jingshi Bailian was completely refined, his cultivation base also made a brazen breakthrough, reaching the middle stage of Daluo Jinxian!

As for his body, he finally forcibly broke through from the three-clawed golden dragon and transformed into a four-clawed golden dragon!

"Now I should have the strength to search the entire island!"

Lin Long stood up and made a crackling sound, the majestic magic power brought him a feeling of comfort.

There are more than 300 protective formations outside the island, so he is naturally not worried about safety issues. Now that his strength has been greatly improved, and he has magic formulas by his side, it is time to search the entire fairy island!

After all, besides this fairy island, there are two other fairy islands waiting for him to discover!

Just this first fairy island has given him so many surprises, and he doesn't know what kind of good things will be waiting for him in the rest of the fairy islands!

[You want to search for the fairy island, and you have performed the anti-knowledge future. You find that there is an innate array guarded in the center of the fairy island, and the spiritual energy fluctuations in it are extremely large. You decide to go and have a look. 】

"There's something good again!"

Lin Long grinned almost to the ears, and without any hesitation, he immediately dodged towards the indicated location.


		