

A green dragon with a length of hundreds of feet suddenly appeared in the smoke and dust. This situation was obviously beyond everyone's expectations.

Hearing Ao Hai's angry roar, Yuanshi Tianzun also reacted instantly.

"Fart! Why do I imprison your dragon clan when I have nothing to do!"

It's okay to blame yourself for taking the Dragon Clan treasure, and now the matter of imprisoning the Dragon Clan is on yourself, you are endless, right? Do you really think that I, Sanqing, can be bullied at will?

Fortunately, Ao Hai and the rest of the Shui Clan quickly realized that something was wrong. The Qinglong in front of him had a pure blood, and would never be an unknown person in the Dragon Clan. If he was imprisoned, he should have discovered it long ago.

Seeing that the situation had changed, the crowd of onlookers also became interested.

"It's very lively now, and a green dragon has appeared in the Yuanshi Dojo."

"This Azure Dragon's bloodline is very pure, and it probably has a high status in the Dragon Clan."

"Qinglong, shouldn't it be the heir of the Qinglong who is as famous as the ancestor dragon?"

Regarding Lin Long's identity, many souls kept guessing in their hearts.

But at this moment, Lin Long seemed to have ten thousand muddy horses galloping past in his heart.

I had dug the treasure well, but I never expected that Ao Hai would slap Yuxu Palace with his brain cramped!

Even Ni Zhifu failed to discover this, but it also sounded a wake-up call for Lin Long.

Ni Zhifu is indeed against the sky, but he spends most of his time doing treasure hunting.

Moreover, it seems that the higher the other party's cultivation base, the more blurred what Ni Zhifu can deduce.

Because you don't know if the other party will suddenly have a brain jerk and change something.

After all, in the realm of Daluo, one can already control and use the laws.

Once the other party's laws and supernatural powers surpassed the future, the role that the future can play will become smaller and smaller.

Fortunately, he showed his real body at the critical moment, otherwise, he might have been buried under the ruins by Ao Hai's slap.

Really bad luck!

"Five Claws!"

Just when Lin Long was thinking about how to cheat Yuan Shi again, Ao Hai's eyes widened suddenly, and he couldn't help blurting out.

His voice was not loud, but it was also not low. Surrounded by cultivated creatures, his words seemed to explode in their ears!

Five-clawed Dragon Clan!

Those two words immediately stirred up waves!

Everyone hadn't noticed the number of claws on Lin Long's real body before, but now they all looked sideways when they heard what Ao Hai said.

"hiss……"

Most of the people who came here to join in the fun knew something about the dragon clan. Seeing the number of five claws on Lin Long's real body, they all gasped.

"This, this green dragon is actually five-clawed! Isn't his bloodline equal to that of the ancestor dragon!"

"In the prehistoric world, there is only one five-clawed green dragon. Could it be the one in front of you?"

"No, no, the realm of the five-clawed green dragon of the Dragon Clan is higher than that of this green dragon. Maybe this green dragon is the heir of that one."

"That's perverted enough. With this bloodline, the Dragon Clan is about to show a great power again."

"Who says it's not, these dragons alone are enough for Sanqing to drink a pot, and now there is another five-clawed green dragon, Sanqing is miserable."

Those creatures talked a lot, and the expressions on the faces of Yuanshi Tianzun, Laozi and Tongtian changed for a while.

Among them, Yuanshi Tianzun's face was the most ugly, looking at Lin Long, his face was almost dripping with gloom.

On the other hand, Ao Hai over there was overjoyed, and shouted towards Lin Long: "Hahahaha, this clansman, I am Ao Hai, the third son of Ancestral Dragon, and I have come here today to seek justice from Sanqing for my dragon clan. Also hope to help me, and there will be rewards in the future!"

"completion!"

When Lao Tzu heard this, his heart suddenly sank, and a bad premonition emerged.

Today, I'm afraid something will happen!

Originally, it was extremely difficult for them to resist Ao Hai and other dragon clans.

Now that there is another five-clawed green dragon, the battle is about to completely turn to the dragon clan!

"This fellow Taoist of the Dragon Clan, this is a matter between me, Sanqing, and Ao Hai, please don't intervene..."

Lao Tzu cupped his hands and spoke to Lin Long, but his voice became lower and lower as he spoke.

Just kidding, this is also the Dragon Clan, and Ao Hai is also the Dragon Clan, there is no reason for them not to help the same clan!

Besides, Ao Hai blew himself up as the third son of Zulong. No matter what, the five-clawed green dragon in front of him would help Ao Hai, even for the sake of Zulong!

Among the clouds, Ao Yi, who came with his father, looked at the green dragon in front of him, and felt an indescribable sense of familiarity in his heart.

But Lin Long survived the thunder calamity and was completely reborn. Now that he showed his real body, Ao Yi couldn't recognize Lin Long for a while.

In fact, not only Ao Yi, but even Yuanshi Tianzun also had this familiar feeling, as if he had seen it before.

However, he was very sure that he had never seen a green dragon, and it was a five-clawed green dragon!

However, the current situation is not very optimistic, Yuanshi has no time to think about these things, he just keeps staring at the green dragon in front of him, in case the other party will join forces with Ao Hai to attack at any time.

And Lin Long was also pondering secretly at this time.

If you help the Dragon Clan and really push Sanqing into a hurry, the Dragon Clan will definitely suffer heavy casualties, and maybe they will drag themselves into the water as well.

But if he wants to help Sanqing, he will have no way to mix in Honghuang in the future. After all, he is a dragon clan. Even if he wants to cut off the cause and effect, there is no way for the dragon clan to escape.

If he tries to find a way to escape, the Dragon Clan will probably want him in the future.

If you want to travel to the prehistoric times again, you may have to wait for the Long Han Tribulation to pass.

After all, the real body of my five-clawed golden dragon is too conspicuous, and it can't be justified anywhere if the dragon clan fights fiercely with the rest of the creatures without helping them.

"Safety first, whether you can do it or not, the best way to get rid of the siege is to resolve this fight and get some benefits from it!"

Lin Long didn't use the magical power of knowing the future, because he had already understood since Ao Hai almost buried himself under the ruins just now, the magical power of knowing the future might be of great help to him in the early stage, but after Daluo Jinxian, Knowing the future magical powers might bring disadvantages to oneself.

For example, this time, Nizhi Future failed to deduce that he was almost buried alive.

Because Da Luo Jinxian has been able to master and use the law, and knows the future against his will, he can't keep up with the pace.

"It's better to practice the law of cause and effect to perfection, so that you can overcome the lack of knowing the future..."

Lin Long secretly made plans for his future path, and then decided not to fight or flee, and to find a way to get some benefits from Sanqing!

Sanqing has occupied Kunlun Mountain for many years, and there must be a lot of good things in his hands.

Now I am short of elixir to forge my body, if I can do it, it will save me a lot of trouble.

Besides, as a peacemaker once, you don't have to worry about karma.

"I already know what happened today!"

Thinking of this, Lin Long's body soared up into the air, and the real body of the green dragon, which was hundreds of meters high, was suspended in the sky. He said slowly: "There is indeed something wrong with the dragon clan attacking Kunlun Mountain..."

Hearing this, everyone was stunned.

What do you mean, this five-clawed green dragon wants to help Sanqing speak?

Even that Ao Hai frowned now.

What the hell, is it still a dragon?

However, without waiting for everyone to react, Lin Long spoke again: "However, after all, Sanqing killed the subordinate of the Wulong Clan and was also the Demon Whale King of the Demon Whale Clan. There must be an explanation for this matter!"

"Although I am a dragon, I don't want to commit crimes. Today, if the Sanqing Yuanshi apologizes and makes compensation for this matter, and helps the Demon Whale King reshape his body, this matter can be exposed."

He didn't mention the matter of Yuanshi Tianzun's trip to the East China Sea to seize the treasure, because although he passed on the cause and effect, the fake is fake after all.

Therefore, Lin Long directly avoided the important point and talked about the magic whale.

You Sanqing kept saying that you were wronged, but the Demon Whale King was always injured by you.

As for the Demon Whale King attacking you and spreading rumors, then Yuanshi, please explain why you appear in the East China Sea, the land of the Dragon Clan.

There is no way to elaborate on this kind of thing, so it is better to cut it off.

Lin Long was sure that Yuan Shi loved face and would not explain everything in detail, so he dared to raise such a condition.

Of course, if you want Sanqing to compromise, it's useless to rely on words alone.

As Lin Long's voice fell, the majestic Five Elements Law slowly emerged on his body!

Seeing the five-color rays of light emanating from the huge green dragon in the air, all creatures couldn't help but feel a burst of heart palpitations.

In recent years, Lin Long has comprehended more than 40% of all his own laws. This five-color divine light is just the supernatural power derived from the five-element law!

This supernatural power is extremely domineering, and it brushes everything, even if it is a top-notch power, there will be three points of retreat when seeing it!

Kong Xuan at the time of conferring the gods in the later generations, relying on the five-color divine light, rubbed the immortals on the ground. If the saints of the Western religion hadn't offered to fight, I'm afraid no one would be able to surrender!

But with Lin Long's current cultivation base, using the five-color divine light, San Qing would probably be unable to resist any one of them.

Of course, it's another matter if Sanqing attack together.

"What kind of supernatural power is this? Why do I feel palpitations when I see it?"

Lao Tzu, the head of the Sanqing, just wanted to refute Lin Long's claim that the Sanqing should be compensated, but before he could speak, he was swallowed back alive by the five-color divine light.

The green dragon in front of him is not simple, and it is already very troublesome to deal with these dragons. If we add another difficult green dragon, I am afraid that Sanqing's reputation will really be ruined today.

The matter reached a stalemate again, Lin Long knew that the three of Lao Tzu had hesitated, and immediately increased the stake again.

"Sanqing, don't think I don't know. In the final analysis, this matter was caused by Yuan Shi's going to the East China Sea. If it's something I said, you should agree to it and let it go. If not..."

Having said that, Lin Long snorted coldly.

The next moment, the world changed and the space was blocked!

After showing the five-color divine light, Lin Long showed his own space law, good fortune law and devouring law together!

The law of the sky and the earth came out brazenly, and the body of hundreds of feet had reached a height of ten thousand feet in an instant, and it was still growing!

The cyan five-clawed golden dragon hovered over Kunlun Mountain, feeling that the vast Kunlun Mountain was gradually becoming smaller.


		