

Time flies, and in Zixiao Palace, as time goes by, three thousand great powers have slowly gathered.

At this time, the millennium time has also passed.

However, the strange thing is that Hongjun did not appear.

However, even after waiting for thousands of years, the powerful people still dare not have the slightest complaint, because Hongjun has sufficient strength.

Not everyone can do the Heavenly Dao sound transmission before.

It's just that waiting here for thousands of years has basically exhausted the patience of all the great powers.

Just when everyone was about to express their dissatisfaction and leave, the sea of ​​chaos suddenly disappeared outside.

The gate of Zixiao Palace began to close slowly.

"Wait, wait..."

Just when the gate of Zixiao Palace was about to be completely closed, two more figures entered the main hall of Zixiao Palace.

Compared with the other great powers, the latter two great powers looked a bit embarrassed, their clothes were tattered, obviously they had been severely attacked in the sea of ​​chaos.

These two figures are none other than the West's quasi-promotion and guidance.

The West is far away from Zixiao Palace.

But what really made the two of them arrive so late was another reason.

The Western Spirit Vessel is now broken, and things like spirit treasures are becoming more and more scarce.

Although after Lin Long's restoration, it has been restored to life, but it is only a place for living beings to survive. It is impossible to restore the glory of the past.

And when the West was prosperous before, most of the treasures were in the hands of the Demon Ancestor Luohu.

In the next few years, Luo Hu was finally gone, but the West was over.

This time I came to the East, and it was enough to meet and guide Zhunti.

Basically, everything in the eyes has to be swept away, for fear that I will miss some treasure.

This way of doing things would naturally slow down the transfer speed.

No, seeing that Zixiao Palace was about to be closed, I rushed to Zixiao Palace reluctantly.

As soon as they entered the hall, the two noticed a few futons at the front of the hall.

Anyone can see that these futons must have some deep meaning.

Jieyin and Zhunti, who always like to take advantage, can't see this benefit in front of them and miss it like this.

Zhunti rolled his eyes and suddenly had an idea in his mind.

The old man Zhunti had a sad expression on his face, and a few tears fell from his eyes, and he wiped it twice with his tattered robe.

"Hey! Brother, you and I are so miserable. We came all the way from the west, and we don't even have a seat. So, why do we stay here? Why don't we just find a pillar and hit us to death!"

While talking, Zhunti really bumped into a pillar in the hall.

In the main hall, all the great powers curled their lips, where did this come from?

You worked so hard to come here, and we all just jumped over together?

Among the prehistoric times, which one is the real good man and believer? Who will eat your set?

Or is this kind of trick popular in the Western world?

However, this time, the great powers in the prehistoric world really guessed wrong.

There really is such a good old man in the wild.

Seeing Zhun Ti Jie Yin's exaggerated acting skills, Hong Yun in the front row was about to stand up.

"Okay, sure enough there will be such a fool!"

Seeing that Hong Yun seemed about to get up, Na Zhunti's eyes lit up, and he applauded secretly in his heart.

However, when Hong Yun was about to get up, he suddenly saw Lin Long sitting on the first futon, and Hong Yun's heart skipped a beat.

When he was in Wuzhuang Temple, Lin Long told himself not to show kindness indiscriminately. He has been practicing with Zhen Yuanzi in Wuzhuang Temple for these years, and he has no chance to show kindness. Could it be that he is talking about now?

"Could it be that what Fellow Daoist Lin Long was talking about at the beginning?"

The more Hong Yun thought about it, the more she felt right.

I was ready to let the idea of ​​location disappear in an instant.

Next, everyone saw that Hong Yun got up halfway, then stretched and sat back down.

Zhunti, who was still laughing at Hongyun's idiot in his heart a moment ago, was dumbfounded.

What the hell is this situation? You obviously wanted to give up your seat just now. What does it mean to sit back after giving up halfway?

Zhunti's face became a little ugly, looking at the people in the seats, they knew that these people probably wouldn't give up their seats.

Sanqing was so powerful that he couldn't be provoked.

That nuwa is...

As soon as he looked at Nuwa, Dijun and Taiyi on the side snorted coldly, and even Taiyi made a gesture to sacrifice the Chaos Clock.

"Brother, don't be impulsive."

Zhunti pressed Jieyin, shook his head, Jieyin looked dazed, when am I going to be impulsive?

These few people can't be provoked, so there are only two people in the seats left.

Hongyun was guarded by Zhen Yuanzi, and if he really fought, it was hard to say who would win.

Then, only behind the first futon, there is no one to guard it!

Zhunti immediately set his sights on the first futon.

Fortunately, Lin Long's back was facing Jieyin and Zhunti at this moment, so Zhunti couldn't recognize Lin Long immediately.

"Hmph, a seat is better than not getting one, and it's the first place, so the benefits might be even greater!"

Zhunti and Jieyin looked at each other, and immediately made a plan.

After making up his mind, Zhunti and Jieying walked towards Lin Long, the miserable expression on their faces disappeared, and changed to a fierce one.

When he came behind Lin Long, Zhunti said viciously: "Hmph, who are you! What qualifications do you have to sit here! My two brothers are still creatures from the West! Inheriting the fate of heaven and earth, there should be this seat. You should take the initiative to back away, so as not to hurt your peace later!"

Obviously, Zhunti took Lin Long as a persimmon.

Lin Long was also eating melons at first, but he didn't expect Zhunti to hit his head on his head, and he almost couldn't hold back his laughter immediately.

These two guys are really courageous, they want to bully people they don't know. It seems that the lesson given to these two people ten thousand years ago is not enough.

San Xiao and Zhao Gongming, who were sitting in the crowd, were already holding back their smiles.

"It's the two of them again. It wasn't enough to be taught a lesson by the master last time, but this time they took the initiative to find the master again. Now it's a good show."

Bi Xiao looked as if he didn't think it was a big deal to watch the excitement.

Yun Xiao, Qiong Xiao and Zhao Gongming did not mention Bi Xiao, but laughed along with them.

"Talking about you, kid, you can't hide from pretending to be stupid here!"

Zhunti said viciously.

In the main hall, all the great powers who knew that Nuwa and Lin Long had a good relationship before all looked optimistic.

Yuan Shi just quarreled with Lin Long before, which made Nuwa furious and directly attacked, thus losing her seat.

Now that these two guys are actually swearing at each other, this Nuwa stabs before she draws her sword?

The facts are as everyone thinks.

After Nuwa heard this, she sacrificed her sword without saying a word.

Fuxi, Zhenyuanzi and the good-tempered Hongyun next to him also got up suddenly at this moment, looking eager to try.

Below, Dijun and Taiyi also stared at Jieyin and Zhunti with malicious intent.

And the Twelve Ancestral Witches are gearing up to fight against the Second Shame of the West.

Almost instantly, the gazes of a dozen or so top powers all focused on Jieyin and Zhunti.

The Second Shame of the West only felt a chill down his back.

However, before they figured out what happened, Lin Long slightly raised his hand to signal everyone not to act rashly, and then slowly turned around.

"Hehe, Zhun mention, pick up and guide, I haven't seen you for many years, I've learned a lot."

Hearing this familiar voice that made the two of them gnash their teeth and could not sleep at night, Jieyin and Zhunti's pupils suddenly shrank, and their bodies froze in place.

"You, it's you! Aoki Dragon God!!!"

Others don't know Lin Long's identity, but Zhunti is very clear about it.

At the beginning, because he robbed Lin Long, he directly compensated two innate treasures.

For this reason, I have been distressed for many years.

Fortunately, Lin Long disappeared all these years, and the two brothers finally forgot about it.

In the end, he came again?

This time I'm going to grab someone else's seat!

Jieyin Zhunti looked at Lin Long who turned around, with a smile that was countless times uglier than crying.

"Master Dragon God, we didn't know it was you, so please don't blame us."


		