

The situation in the Dragon God Hall was changing, and the twenty-four Dinghai God Beads kept colliding in the furnace fire, but they were restrained by the Qiankun Cauldron and could not break free.

Lin Long knew exactly what was going on in this situation.

The twenty-four Dinghai Pearls and the Chaos Orb were originally one, but they were separated after the creation of the world. Today's twenty-four Dinghai Pearls have already derived Baoling, and now they must be forcibly refused with the Chaos Orb. There was violent resistance.

However, Lin Long had already arrived at this situation. The moment the twenty-four Dinghai Pearls were thrown into the Qiankun Cauldron, the remodeling of the Dao of Supernatural Powers had already begun!

I saw the twenty-four Dinghai beads in the Qiankun cauldron melt slowly like ice and snow under the fierce resistance.

It is not accurate to say that it is ablation, it is more like going backwards in time, but this speed is slightly slower.

According to Lin Long's estimate, it will take at least thousands of years to restore the twenty-four Dinghai Pearls into Chaos Pearl fragments!

"Thousands of years, when Hongjun preaches next time, it should be the time for this Dinghai Pearl to be completely restored to Chaos Pearl fragments."

Lin Long looked into the endless void outside the hall, his eyes were deep.

Then, as if talking to himself: "Okay, I know you are very excited, don't worry, I have been waiting for so many years, and it is not bad for thousands of years."

Just when the Sea God Orb was thrown into the fire, Lin Long clearly felt the Chaos Orb tremble.

After mastering the Chaos Orb for so many years, Lin Long has already discovered that the Chaos Orb itself is actually conscious.

But because of the damage, I can't communicate with myself too much.

What followed was a long period of refinement and waiting.

Just like Lin Long put pressure on Hongjun, Hongjun also put a lot of pressure on Lin Long during this trip.

Even if he has tried his best to slow down Hongjun's practice.

But this old guy is worthy of being the Chaos Demon God in his predecessor, and he is still improving at an extremely fast speed.

The complete Chaos Orb will be Lin Long's trump card.

time flies.

In the blink of an eye, thousands of years have passed.

The Dragon God Realm is isolated from the outside world, and if one doesn't deliberately understand the affairs of the prehistoric world, one doesn't know much about it.

But this day, a piece of news reached Lin Long's ears.

"Lord Dragon God, there is news from the outside world. Right now, the Eastern Prince is leading the Immortal Alliance and sending people to search for the Dragon God Realm everywhere. He threatens to capture the entire Dragon God Realm and rule the wilderness."

The person who reported was none other than Ao Yi, the prince of the dragon clan who was rescued by himself during the Long Han robbery in ancient times.

Now Ao Yi has become the steward of the Dragon Clan, his status is only below Lin Long and those few disciples.

His cultivation base has even reached the perfection of Daluo Jinxian, and he is only one step away from breaking through the quasi-sage.

Lin Long slowly opened his eyes in the hall, and frowned when he heard Ao Yi's words.

"Huh? The Immortal Alliance under Duke Dong wants to attack the Dragon God Realm?"

Lin Long knew that Duke Dong would jump out, but he didn't expect it to be so fast.

According to the original plot, Duke Dong should be fighting against the Lich clan.

But now, under his guidance, the Lich family has gradually withdrawn from the prehistoric world. According to the entire prehistoric area, there are not many who can resist the Eastern Prince.

But, it's all right if you dominate the prehistoric world well, what kind of evil wind are you so good at? Want to attack the Dragon God Realm?

Not to mention that he has no grievances with him, just whether he can find the Dragon God Realm is another matter.

"Do you know why this happened?"

Hearing Lin Long's sound transmission, Ao Yi thought for a while and said, "Reporting to Lord Dragon God, from the news that came back, he seems to have been despised by a monk called Mosquito Taoist. He felt that his power was not as good as that of the Dragon Clan. Prove it."

Lin Long's eyelids couldn't help but twitch.

Good guy, Mosquito Taoist?

Isn't that his avatar?

Think about it, Duke Dong has indeed wooed him, and boasted in front of him, saying that Prince Dong is as good as the ancient dragon clan.

Although Lin Long was very disdainful about this, it seemed that he didn't express anything clearly.

Not to mention despising the East Prince.

But what kind of god-level understanding is this, Prince Dong? Why do you look down on him?

"Master Dragon God, do you need us to ask two disciples to teach him a lesson?"

When speaking, Ao Yi's eyes were full of disdain for Duke Dong.

The East Prince is very prestigious in Honghuang now, but his strength is really hard to put in the eyes of the Dragon God Realm.

Hearing Ao Yi's words, Lin Long shook his head: "Forget it, let's not take this muddy water, now is not the time."

Anyway, the Dragon God Realm has its own formation restrictions, and the Eastern Prince will never find it.

Now that there is no Lich clan in the prehistoric world, Duke Dong is arrogant to the extreme, but this kind of arrogance is not enough in Lin Long's eyes.

He wants to make Dong Wanggong even more noisy!

The world was turned upside down, until Honghuang people were not disturbed by it, and Hongjun's reputation plummeted.

If he did it now, Duke Dong would be crushed to death every minute, so wouldn't he be scheming in vain?

After listening to Lin Long's instructions, Ao Yi nodded obediently and left.

In the main hall, looking at the fire that was still burning, Lin Long fumbled for his chin, and slowly smiled.

"It seems that Dong Wanggong is very lively now. Honghuang should be very lively, but you can go out and have a look, and add fuel to the fire by the way."

The twenty-four Dinghai God Orbs in the Qiankun Cauldron are in the final stage of remodeling, and he must not leave his own body.

But he owns Taoist Mosquito avatar, just right, Duke Dong wants to find Taoist Mosquito, so let Taoist Mosquito see what he wants to do.

In addition, although there has been no movement on the side of the Queen Mother of the West, she must have been harassed by the Prince of the East.

I have some fate with the Queen Mother of the West, so it's no problem to take care of her in the past.

Besides, Zhulong's dark chess is still in Xihai, so he can't just let it go.

Thinking of this, in the sea of ​​blood, the avatar of Taoist Mosquito who had broken through to the quasi-sage realm slowly opened his eyes again from his practice, with a trace of helplessness on his face.

"Hey, the avatar is indeed a tool man."

Although Lin Long's avatar of Mosquito Taoist can share consciousness, spells and supernatural powers with the main body, they are two separate individuals.

A black shadow in the North Sea broke through the sea and disappeared into the sky.

At the same time, on the small Penglai Island in the East China Sea, the Prince of the East was sitting in his magnificent palace.

At this moment, Duke Dong's attire has completely changed. The slightly luxurious Taoist robes before have been replaced by golden robes that look like the emperor.

It's just that compared to Di Jun, Duke Dong's robes are more luxurious, with all kinds of gold silk and precious stones, he looks like a nouveau riche.

However, Duke Dong liked it very much.

Sitting on the dragon chair, Duke Dong looked down at the courtiers below, feeling very happy.

In the past few years, I have been in the East China Sea, using the title of the head of the male immortal bestowed by the Taoist ancestor, to constantly recruit subordinates, and formed a force called the Immortal Alliance.

The Immortal League has now become a top force in the prehistoric world, and there are five monks in the perfect state of Daluo Jinxian in it, including myself!

Further down, Da Luo's late stage powers also have ten fingers, and Dong Wanggong feels that even if he is a witch clan, it is nothing more than that.

I have completely surpassed the Lich Clan!

If it weren't for this, the two clans wouldn't be so low-key, and haven't even shown their faces these years.

But right now, there is another thing to do.

I am only the head of the male immortals, and can only enjoy half of the prehistoric world. The Dong Wanggong, whose ambitions are expanding day by day, has gradually become dissatisfied with his current rights.

The prehistoric female fairy must also be in her hands.

In addition, the mysterious Dragon God Realm must also be captured!

Looking at His Highness and his ministers, the Eastern Prince asked in a deep voice: "Have you found the Yaoguang Wonderland above the West Sea yet?"


		