

Seeing that Tongtian ignored him and left directly, Yuanshi Tianzun was stunned for a moment, then snorted, and said angrily: "Brother! This Tongtian is really getting more and more presumptuous now! He didn't take you and me by this move. These two elder brothers look at it, it's really outrageous!"

Yuanshi Tianzun's words naturally wanted to draw Lao Tzu and him into the same line.

It's nothing more than losing face in front of outsiders, but now even Tongtian, who has always been obedient, has started to disobey him, which makes Yuanshi Tianzun extremely unhappy.

"enough!"

However, Lao Tzu did not stand on the same front as Yuan Shi expected, but instead scolded him in a low voice.

That Yuan Shi was suddenly shocked: "Brother, you?"

When I looked up, I saw that Lao Tzu, who had never been angry before, was actually looking angry at this moment.

"Hmph, fighting and fighting all day, don't forget that Lin Long's cultivation level was just an ordinary dragon below us! But now he is the existence we look up to! Don't think about how to catch up, but still It's unbecoming to be arguing endlessly over such a meaningless trifle!"

After reprimanding Yuanshi, Lao Tzu seemed to breathe a sigh of relief, and the anger he suffered from the human race was also relieved a lot. Afterwards, regardless of Yuanshi Tianzun's reaction, he left immediately.

In fact, just now Tongtian left angrily, which touched Lao Tzu's heart quite a bit.

In retrospect, I did go too far just now.

However, he still attributed the reason for his anger and reprimand to Tongtian to the fact that he suffered a loss on the shore of the four seas, and he was unhappy, so he followed Yuanshi Tianzun's words.

Looking back now, these words really shouldn't be.

However, as the head of the Sanqing, it is definitely impossible to apologize, at most it is to quell the matter.

With Lao Tzu's quiet and inaction character, it sounds good to be detached, neither happy with things nor sad with oneself, but to put it badly, he doesn't care about anything and is completely self-centered.


Lin Long could clearly see the quarrel between the three of them through the pupil of the Dao.

After reaching the realm of Hunyuan Wuji Luo Jinxian, his various magical powers and laws have also been raised to another level.

Among them, the supernatural powers at the Dao level are the most.

Just like his method of incarnation outside the body, he can dispatch clones at will from the long river of time, and his combat power is equivalent to his own, but it needs to consume merit and accumulate karma.

Now, with the improvement of his cultivation base, his comprehension of supernatural powers is getting deeper and deeper, and Lin Long can already summon three clones without having to bear the karma of the Dao!

No matter how much, you will have to bear karma.

Three avatars with exactly the same strength as myself are enough!

After all, this kind of mind-to-heart combat power is not a superimposed growth like one plus one equals two, but a geometric multiplier!

Another example is the pupil of the avenue.

Previously, when Lin Long's cultivation base had not been improved, the pupil of the Dao could break through the formation and see the operation and efficacy of the law clearly. Later, Lin Long developed the effect of fixing people's souls.

But the scope is limited after all.

But now with the improvement of his cultivation base, the magical power of the Pupil of the Dao, in addition to the previous effect being enhanced countless times, also has an additional effect of returning to the source.

For example, if you see something, you can easily find the source of it, so as to spy on the weakness.

This can be regarded as a top-notch supernatural power!

Especially in battle, one can understand the operation principle of the means used by the opponent at a glance. If you open the pupil of the Dao yourself, you are basically invincible!

In addition, the rest of the magical powers have also been strengthened to varying degrees.

It is also with the blessing of these supernatural powers and laws that Lin Long can still be so calm and calm after knowing that Hongjun and Luo Hu have joined forces.

This is the confidence brought by own strength!

Before he knew it, Lin Long had more cards than he could count.

As for the internal strife in Sanqing, Lin Long could only say that it was an accident.

He really just thought that Tongtian was pleasing to the eye, so he gave the other party a treasure as a help, and if he wanted to win him over in the future, he would have something to say.

Besides, he has no shortage of treasures in his hands now.

Not to mention himself, even his apprentices usually don't seem to be showing their mountains and dews, but if they really shake out their family background, each of them must have at least five innate spiritual treasures, let alone acquired spiritual treasures. Say.

This kind of rich family background, a small twelfth-grade merit golden lotus, Lin Long naturally looked down upon.

He has so many good things now that he has the supernatural power of anti-knowing the future and great luck, so he can look for them all.

However, the internal strife in Sanqing could be regarded as a surprise.

Because he had originally planned to win over Tongtian.


Lin Long was watching a play in the Dragon God Palace, but in the Western Land, his heart was bleeding at this moment.

Especially when Jieyin and Zhunti saw that Tongtian took out the 12th Grade Merit Golden Lotus to suppress the luck of the sect, the eyeballs of the two brothers were about to bleed.

"Treasure! That's our treasure!"

"Tongtian! Lin Long, you really deserve to die!"

Zhunti gritted his teeth, and stared fixedly at the twelfth-grade golden lotus of meritorious virtues shining brilliantly on Kunlun Mountain.

A few years ago, they went to Beihai to look for Lin Long, and just as Lin Long went out into the chaos, the two brothers naturally returned without success and returned to the west.

After arriving in the west, the two of them dug three feet, and finally found two low-grade innate spirit treasures, each of which successfully beheaded a corpse.

However, because of the low level of Lingbao, although the two of them succeeded in beheading the corpse, their strength was also at the bottom of the quasi-sages.

Compared with Nuwa's arrogance and direct killing of the three corpses, she has the heart to make Zhunti cry.

But anyway, this can be regarded as a successful beheading of the corpse.

I think that when they first heard the way of quasi-sage in Zixiao Palace, they were able to cut corpses, but they dragged on for so many years because they didn't have Lingbao.

It's not easy!

However, the joy of beheading the corpse hadn't lasted for a few years, and they suddenly realized that Sanqing had become a saint!

To establish a religion and become a saint, one must ask for treasures?

And what the hell, low-grade treasures are not enough? !

Otherwise, luck cannot be suppressed!

In addition, there must be a large amount of merit, after all, the Sanqing all have the merit of opening the sky.

Looking at the few saints in front, Nuwa just opened up after proving the Tao and becoming a saint, and made a human race who was the protagonist of God.

Sanqing has a lot of merits and virtues, Lijiao is an introduction.

But looking at the two brothers in the west, they really want everything.

Sometimes the two brothers can't wait to go to Zixiao Palace and tell Hongjun, why don't you take back the Hongmeng Ziqi, so as not to worry about it.

Of course, this is just an impulse, not a fact.

The fact is that they are naturally reluctant to hand over the Primordial Purple Qi!

But seeing that the few people who were assigned to the primordial purple energy became holy one after another, Yingyin and Zhunti felt restless besides irritability.

However, no matter how furious they were, they still couldn't change the fact that they were temporarily unable to prove and become holy.

"Junior brother, get ready, let's go to Dragon God Realm again."

After some time, the two brothers felt sullen in their hearts, Na Jieyin sighed and said: "You and I have not found the Dragon God Realm before, but now that Sanqing is proving the truth one after another, our hope is only in the Cyanwood Dragon God Realm." body."

Before they left Zixiao Palace, they came to Beihai, but at that time the two were hesitant, and there was no stimulation brought by Sanqing Sanqing, so they went back to the west after searching for Dragon God Realm but failed.

Now being stimulated by Sanqing, the two brothers had no other choice but to bite the bullet and go to Beihai again, hoping to find Dragon God Realm and meet Lin Long.

For some things, I am afraid that there is a glimmer of hope in my heart. When I come to a dead end, this hope will be infinitely magnified.

Na Zhunti hesitated for a moment, and then nodded, "Okay, I hope I can meet the Dragon God this time."

No matter how reluctant they are, this is indeed the only way out for the two brothers right now.


In Dragon God Realm.

Lin Long finished watching Sanqing's good show, and was about to continue to retreat, practice and understand the Dao, when suddenly he frowned slightly: "Huh? Why did these two guys come to Beihai? They are sneaky, maybe they came to Beihai to search for spirits?" Baby."

In fact, Lin Long can't be blamed for this, it's because Lin Long really has a bad impression of the Second Shame of the West, so he immediately subconsciously thought that the two brothers were here to steal chickens and dogs.

But then Lin Long shook his head and denied this idea.

It is well known that his territory is in Beihai. Even if the brothers were lent all their courage, they would not dare to come under their noses to make themselves uncomfortable.

After all, his prestige in Honghuang now overwhelms Hongjun.

If you really do it yourself, no one can stop you.

At this moment, seeing the outside world, Zhunti and Jieyin bowed in the direction of Beihai Haiyan.

"Western juniors are ready to mention and guide you, please let the dragon god show up and see you!"


		